Noord has been amazing every time I have gone.
Food and service are great. Also, it's BYO.
The toasted huge chunk of bread they give you is so fluffy and amazing. They always have a different type of infused butter to accompany the bread. So awesome.
Can't go wrong with the juicy, tender rabbit leg. The sauce is amazing. 
The salmon chowder was so good. Medium cooked salmon (well portioned) on top of some delicious chowder. So tasty.
The seafood Waterzooi was delicious. Great portion of seafood over a cream sauce. Wow.
Restaurant can get noisy on the weekends when it's busy. Seats by the kitchen can get pretty warm. 
But the food is worth a visit!
Noord was such a pleasant surprise on a date night during the winter! Going in, I had no idea what to expect from a Dutch restaurant. Turns out, it's just lots of seafood, plus a bunch of flavor-packed supporting ingredients like mustards, vinaigrettes and pickled vegetables. 

The bread they start you out with is truly magnificent. I'm not even a huge rye bread person but I was addicted from first bite. We shared the bitterballen, the Dutch version of meatballs, and a salad with bleu cheese to start. Excellent choices which didn't leave us too full for mains (if anything it's multiple servings of that bread that will get you!). The shellfish stew was excellent and I know my husband was happy with his entree as well, though I can't remember at this point what it was. 

The vibes at Noord were very European, with tables fairly close together and a nice din throughout the restaurant that seemed to suggest a fun night out was being had by all. Our server was as gregarious as he was efficient, adding to the atmosphere. Can't wait to do it again!
Scandinavians have great taste!

We went for East Passyunk Restaurant Week and it was definitely worth it! I hadn't tried much of Scandinavian cuisine before, but after dining here I can say that I'm a fan! The restaurant is located on a corner right in front of the singing fountain. The neighborhood is busy with other restaurants and boutiques, so be sure to come early if you're driving in so you can find decent parking. I parked about a block down, but careful of the different parking rules - it changes block by block (welcome to South Philly!)

Inside, it's dim lit and cozy. The kitchen takes up the the back wall space and the rest is seating. Most of the tables look to be able to accommodate up to 2/3 people. Noord is also BYOB so best to come prepared with whatever adult beverage of your choosing! If you don't (like us), there is a wine/beer shop right around the corner (thank you to the Noord staff on this recommendation!)

Unfortunately we had trouble being able to book reservations through the online portal, so we had to wait a bit when we arrived. Calling to book a reservation only got me to a an answering machine so may be risky to leave requests on there...The wait didn't end up being too long - roughly 15 minutes - just enough time for us to grab a bottle of wine and return to a table waiting for us! The server was ready to open our bottle and pour our first glasses!

From the pre-fixe menu, I ordered the roasted brussel sprouts, the roasted acorn squash, and the stroopwafels. Everything was delicious! Also, as a vegetarian, it was very refreshing that these options were listed as part of a pre-fixe menu!

The brussel sprouts are served with a raisin gastrique over a crème fraiche. They were so tasty, and roasted just right! The crème fraiche added this nice tangy taste but it wasn't overpowering - likely in part to the raisin gastrique. I finished my whole plate!

The acorn squash was served with a medley of other vegetables, including roasted cauliflower, and French lentils. The squash was perfectly done - melting in your mouth. I liked that there wasn't too much seasoning aside from a little salt and pepper. The treatment allowed for the sweet taste of the squash to shine through. The dish was dressed with a parsley vinaigrette which was just perfect! 

The dessert was nice and refreshing. Crispy, crumbly wafers looked be stuck together with a jam made of molasses and brown sugar. The dish was sprinkled with some kosher salt - creating that sweet and savory taste in each bite!

The other highlight of our experience included meeting the chef! It was such a delight for him to come out and greet us so we can thank him for the delicious meal. We discussed how some of the dishes were prepared. He was kind enough to share his thought process as well as his techniques on how to treat the ingredients - how awesome!

Noord is worth every bite and I highly recommend venturing into this little BYOB gem. The portions are ample, and the flavors are spot on!
If you haven't been to Noord, you better move it up on your list because. Apparently, Scandinavians can do no wrong when it comes to cooking. I am in love with what Noord and Chef Joncarl Lachman are offering -- from the luscious flavors to huge portions to the phenomenal service. 

I booked a table for one, but alas, dining by myself at Noord was interesting. Chef Lachman (also owner) and the super friendly server made me feel like I was at home. The traditional Scandinavian menu was intimidating, and I wanted to try every dish on it. However, I believe that I perfectly planned out my meal. I started with the crispy fried mushroom and chicken kroket , an extraordinary Gehaktballen was my entrée, and Boterkoek was my Dutch dessert. In addition to the homemade grilled bread and squash better, which was part of my tasty dining experience. Everything was so nicely done, and I had enough leftovers that I enjoyed the next day. 

Restaurants like Noord is what keep me from having to cook. 
Four and Half Yelps.
With all the 5 star Yelp reviews, as well as the "Excellent" rating given by Philadelphia's in-print restaurant reviewer, we had to check this place out.  We can see why it rates so high.

The staff is extremely friendly and helpful, with Chef Lachman wandering the dining room throughout the night checking on his customers to see how they are enjoying his Holland and North European cuisine.

We shared a smoked seafood platter that contained 3 different and all delicious components: Salmon; Head on Prawns with hardboiled egg; Thin-sliced Scallop topped with a sprinkling of caviar.  All were served on their own piece of toasted bread surrounded by pickled cucumbers and various greens topped with a remoulade-type (?)  sauce.  It was fantastic and more than enough for 2.

The most difficult time of the evening was trying to pick our entrees, with so many sounding so appetizing.  With the staff's help our choices were the Vinegar-braised Rabbit in a sweet-tart Dutch Krout and the Shellfish Choucrout with mussels, shrimp, clams, braised cabbage, smoked pork sausage, bacon, and potatoes, (which turned out to be the best seafood platter of this type that I have ever had.)

We usually have "a contest" to see who chose the best of the night - in this case both were so outstanding that there was no clear winner.  Both of these dishes had rustic flavors that we just have not experienced before.

For dessert, the Chef suggested the gooseberry pie - which we shared and again it was fantastic.

With the above and coffee, before tip, the bill came to around $100.  (Noord is a BYO).  We can't wait to share this restaurant and it's fun experience with our family & friends - they will not be disappointed.
"Oooh yeah, Noord, we've been meaning to go." It seems like that's what everyone says as we launch into our rambling about this Dutch spot. This has been happening pretty frequently lately, because all we do is talk about food, first of all, and secondly, dinner at Noord was an excellent experience all around, leaving us with plenty o' food-talk fodder. We had been in the same meaning-to-try boat. We finally went, what the hell were we waiting for? You too. Get on it.

For our wedding anniversary we brilliantly decided to head Noord. Had to early-bird it on the reservation this night. In the 5:30ish dusk of an unseasonably warm Fall Wednesday, we had the cozy little restaurant all to ourselves, and a breezy, open-windowed seat facing out to the streets. You know that Passyunk's good for the people-watching, most times. 

At 5:30, I will report, you may enjoy watching people hurrying home from work, or carrying yoga mats, or my favorites, the line of people waiting for the bus. You know you always got some characters in the bus. 

Service couldn't have been sweeter, starting with the fact that our server complimented us on both bottles of wine that toted along with us. "Oooh excellent, what's the occasion?" He asked.

Guess who loves to feel like a wine genius. Guess who will easily let the smallest of kudos go to her head and call herself a, "wine genius?" Exactly. Appeal to my vanity, world. Do it.

He drew us a heart with a number 15 in it, to mark said occasion, on the white paper topping the white table cloth. Awwww. Dude. Ole Kathleen thought that was the cutest.

The food, right? Get to the food. We loved it. And here, I loathe to admit, as a self-proclaimed insufferable food-know-it-all, I just don't know that much about Dutch cookin. If pressed, I'd most likely bark guesses at you like," Fish?! Cream?! Dill?" Oh yeah, it's all that, but much more. Our dinner left us all curious enough to wanna become Netherlands' foods expert geniuses.

The bread to start the meal was a jaggedly ripped hunk of a semolina loaf, grilled til the bread's torn innard shards were charred little peaks. Served with a tasty little compound butter, we unabashedly accepted more, when offered, to soak and savor every scrap and bit of sauce. Dope bread for all the dipping.

Speaking of sauces, that escargot starter concoction was unlike any other escargot preparation that I've I've ever had. And I do enjoy some snails as a fan of the cooking of the French and as a connoisseur of witch's brews. 

We couldn't decide between a couple of the appetizers and our server steered us toward the sautéed escargot. Good directions there, sooo happy bout that. The sauce, I'm saying: herby, roasted cherry tomatoes, garlic confit and juicy mandarin orange slices came together in the most magical way. Then it was studded with these perfect little toasty cubes of sweet and buttery brioche croutons. 

During the Noord ravings that may or may not culminate with me grabbing you by the collar, screaming, "Try it!!! Go!!!" we are constantly on about this dish and that uniquely delicious sauce combination. One o the tops.

The cheese and pickle board was also a winner. Especially dug the goat cheese custard most, amid all the board's  goodness of some well aged gouda- the kind that had those little butterscotchy crystal bits, a melange of housemade pickled vegetables (including one pickled green tomato that somehow amazingly tasted, to me, like tomato-textured salami), cold potato, and grainy mustard. 

For our main courses we both ordered one of the night's seasonal specials; still Summery-meets-early-Autumnal. Sauteed Atlantic Pollock was topped with beautiful blue crab, grilled corn, sour cream, and spikes of the sweet and sour flavors of segments if pickled peach. Killlaaaaaaahhhh... Such a good dish there. 

Beyond capacity be damned, we're gonna have dessert on our anniversary. Of course. Oh and I Love an almond flavored cake. So that had to happen. That dense but soft, crumbly, buttery almond cake topped with a dollop of brandied cream was absolutely, totally wonderful. I'll say that it hit the damn spot despite the fact that there was nary a spot left to fill after our feasting. You can always find a spot. With a glutton's gumption, you can.

So I wasn't lying. I can go on and on about this cozy Dutch BYOB. A much shorter story would read: We loved the great cookin and excellent service at Noord and if you've been meaning to go, you should. Don't sleep.

Shorter and blurbier? Noord: SO GOORD!
The only Dutch restaurant in Philadelphia, as far as I've seen (and that's wooden shoes Dutch, not Pennsylvania apple-dumpling-making Dutch). This place gets some serious cred for extremely good service, being a BYOB, and serving some truly unique cuisine.

Unfortunately, this style of food is not my favorite. Lots of pickling combined with heavy cream sauces made for an odd pairing to my palate. Not everything had that pickled-creamy combination though. The bitterballen (fried pork meatballs) were fun and tasty. And the Dutch certainly know their way around seafood. The fish (served whole!) and the prawns (with head on!) were probably my favorite samplings of the night.

Something about the style of cooking to ambiance to price ratio seemed a bit off to me. I didn't necessarily have a bad experience, but with all the other restaurant offerings in this city, I don't see myself coming back.
Located right by East Passyunk Ave, Noord is a small, unassuming Dutch/Nordic restaurant with an open kitchen. Many of my Philly friends told me good things, the Yelp reviews agreed, and I was excited to try it. As the restaurant was BYOB, we brought a bottle of Malbec, and it was definitely a good choice. I really enjoyed the open kitchen in the back of the restaurant, and the view of the square off East Passyunk Ave.

As we were seated, the waitress rattled off the specials, which all sounded great. We ended up going with the soft-shell crab appetizer, the rabbit leg confit with zuurkool (sauerkraut), and the deep-fried whitefish with split-pea stew. First though, the waitress came out with some grilled sourdough bread, with butter and roasted garlic. Pretty good way to start the meal. 

The soft-shell crab appetizer was delicious, fried to just the right texture, and came with a number of pickled vegetables which cut through the fattiness of the crab. I was a bit confused by the pickled strawberries, because they didn't really add too much to the dish, but it didn't take away from it either,so it turned out okay. The rabbit leg was great, although it wasn't the prettiest dish I had seen. The rabbit meat was very tender and tart, and the zuurkool was creamy and sour at the same time, which was great. While navigating the zuurkool, you would find slices of smoked sausage throughout, which were more than a pleasant surprise. The fried whitefish was a huge portion, and the split pea stew was just the right texture and saltiness.

Service was very attentive and the waitress even chatted with us briefly about our food choices. Prices are on the more expensive side, but the dishes are very unique and well executed, so I'm confident it's a good value. I'll definitely be back when I get the chance to hang out in South Philly again.
Had the greatest experience here.  The customer service is outstanding, and the food is delicious. We were lucky to sneak in on a Friday night without a reservation (the Stateside wait was ridiculous). Our waitress was super-sweet- actually, she reminded me of a kindergarten teacher.  The chef himself was not above serving and clearing.  

We ordered the:

Uitsmijter...(open faced egg sandwich) with braised pork as an appetizer.  It was huge, delicious, and for $13, a great value.

For entrees, we got the Beer Battered Haddock on Snert ($25), which was like fish and chips, but served on a bed of thick split pea soup.    This was good.  The other entree was the Stuffed PA Rainbow Trout ($25), which was a whole fish served in a sweet onion and dill broth.

I just couldn't eat the trout... I like fish, but something about the sauce must have triggered old (and not good) memories.  It wasn't anyone's fault- certainly not the kitchen's... perhaps it was mine?  I've never sent a dish back to the kitchen, and I consider myself a reasonably wide-ranging eater.  Perhaps Dutch food isn't my thing.

But what was amazing was that the waitress noticed that I wasn't eating it and asked how it was.  I admitted that I just didn't like it.  I had been pushing bits of fish to the top of the plate to drain off the sauce.  She offered to replace the dish with something else- which was incredibly kind, especially since it wasn't the restaurant's fault.  I wound up getting the pan-roasted chicken breast ($22), which was phenomenal. 

We finished with the bread pudding with lingonberries. 

To top it all off, they comped the trout (only charging for the chicken), as also tossed in the dessert for free.

The chef didn't need to do any of this, but I am incredibly appreciative.  This kind of customer service is pretty darn rare.  

So definitely go... you won't regret it.
Remember when you were in elementary school and you would write your best friend's name vertically down a piece of paper and describe all the great things about her with each letter?

I present to you this little acrostic to Noord, my new best friend...

N is for No judgment zone. Our party of four literally BYOed a duffel bag of booze and felt both accepted and embraced by the fine staff at Noord.

O is for Onja Arlca Achmanla. For those who do NOT remember elementary school, this is Pig Latin for Joncarl Lachman. The friendliest, most pleasant chef in town.

O is for OMG the Bitterballen. Get in my mouth you scrumptious balls of goodness.

R is for Rabbit. The tastiest bunny in town.

D is for dessert. Don't skip it. Trust me.
Noord eetcafe had a very successful and packed opening night, last night.  We tried a bunch of appetizers and several entrees.

Apps:

Broodjes Haring...mini herring sandwiches, cucumber, pickled onion, on a dinner roll, $9 (Danish street food, looked like a Martin's bun)

Grilled Head-on Prawns...North Sea style citrus butter, chives, dill, $12 (loved the sauce, need to sop it up with the complementary soft baguette, which incidentally was served with soft garlic butter)

Cod cakes, one of two specials (very delicate inside the crispy exterior; incidentally, the other special was a whole black sea bass, deboned)

Seared Diver Scallop...mustard soup, caviar, tarragon oil, rye croutons, $12 (an unusual dish, I'm not sure it really came together for me)

Chopped Chicken and Duck Liver...atjar tjampoer, warm baguette, $11 (loved this, particularly with the pickled cauliflower for contrast)

Pork Belly Uitsmijter...duck egg, melted edam, brioche toast, greens, pickle, sesame-truffle vinaigrette, $12 (my kind of breakfast-for-dinner!)

Entrees:

Seared Norwegian Salmon "Lohikeitto"...chowder, leeks, baby potatoes, coriander, herbs, $24 (as at the popup, a killer dish, this time with a large portion of seared salmon on top)

Rotisserie Lancaster Co.  1/2 Chicken...herb stuffed, schmaltz-ey root vegetables, green salad, $18 (a monster chicken, must have be 4 lbs whole, so I could only finish half, great herby flavor, but curiously the roots were quite crunchy, which I assume was an error and the only one of the evening)

Konijn in het Zuur...rabbit leg confit, smoked sausage, lardons, baby turnips, zuurkool, $26 (a variation of the popup dish, fantastic)

Dessert (only 2):

Almond butter cake with bourbon cream (huge, but I preferred somewhat different version served at the popup)

They were pouring complentary bubbly, and we brought a range of Belgian ales and Normandy cider, which I think may generally be a better complement to the hearty food than wine.

Service was friendly and quick, with the apps flying out of the kitchen.  But later Joncarl got "in the weeds" and the entrees took a while (there are only 2 cooks in the tiny open kitchen, for ~40 seats).

The space is attractive and comfortable (padded benches along the walls and large, well-spaced tables), with great lighting through huge windows that were open onto the street (letting in a nice breeze).  The primo seats look to be the ~6 along the open kitchen.  However, Noord is definitely a loud restaurant, even with the windows and door open.  

A great addition to the East Passyunk Ave scene, I'm looking forward to returning.
Noord. I thought a Dutch computer geek was involved when going here was suggested. Instead, it turned out to be a cutesy little Dutch wooden shoe of a place. 

There is room for about 25 diners if they don't get up to Clog Dance and mercifully there is no Polka loop to contend with and no braided Dutch milk maidens in dirndls curtsying table side. 

The Decor: There is art on the wall for sale, imprinted faux ceiling tiles, wood casement windows, and all in all it's like being in a small cafe waiting for a pannenkoek on Prinsengracht St. The only Hash is on the menu and the only Red Lights regulate traffic outside the front door. You'll just have to conjure up all those other memories on your own.  

The Staff: An affable Chef Joncarl, 2 in the kitchen to execute orders and 1 really busy, charming, cheerful server. 

This place is for serious foodie business all orchestrated by one of the coolest dudes to ever heft a Le Creuset Dutch Oven onto a stove. Chef Joncarl's attitude is "No matter, we'll make it all work", and he does. 

The Vibe: Boers, Huguenots, locals, and tourists all coming to go Dutch and enjoy a Dutch treat.

The Bar: Perfect because you're bringin' it.

The Food: Healthy trenchermen portions of fairly priced Dutch fare. The house made Bread was light and fluffy and stacked up 8 inches high. The Bread was made in the afternoon and still had a slight sour tang from it's Dutch Mother Dough. This was addictive and delicious. It was a bit spongy and soft with an airy crumb and perfect with a huge knob of Cultured Butter. It came all ready to sop 'n mop and/or eat neat.  

A Liver Pate with Apricot Jam was right off the buffet table at a Dutch Bar Mitzvah and good reason enough for the Dutch to protect it's Jews in WW2. 

My table jumped on the tasting menu. Chef Joncarl kept sending it until the white flag was raised. 

Fried Cauliflower with Gooseberries, Curried Carrots, Mint and Creme Fraiche was a great second starter and paved the way for some Grilled Asparagus covered in Egg Salad with pickled Red Onion. Now, doesn't that just take you back to those languid days of excess in Amsterdam during your gap year? 

A Mixed Salad had Strawberries, Danish Bleu, Baby Greens, Spiced Walnuts all awash in Green Goddess Dressing. This could've been dinner on it's own. The Bread plate was surreptitiously re-filled and great for wiping up every speck of the Green Goddess left behind. 

Next up was a Norwegian Salmon (keeping it Pan-Scando) that was expertly cooked. Pink and translucent moist fish inside a crispy seared crust. Somebody knows their way around a kitchen in this kitchen. And if that wasn't enough, you should revel in the joy of the fresh Mussels and Clams that buried the Salmon. 

While you're on a fish jag, have some local caught Pennsylvania Trout over a bed of Caraway Seeded Sour Cream and Roasted Brussels Sprouts all settled in a Golden Raisin Gastrique. I'm getting full just writing about it. 

Need a break from eating God's little swimming creatures? Have some Braised Curried Chicken which is definitely required eating here. 

Belts undone, blouses untucked, a platter of Meat Balls dripping with tart Lingonberry Compote will appear. The Meat Balls had a great grind of beef just quickly patted together leaving them feather light. You never want to overwork your meat. 

By this time your belt will be hangin' from the chair back and the buckle on your Dutchmen's Pants will have long been quietly released. And just when you thought it was safe...out comes the House Made Chocolate Nut Bark along with a mound of Dutch Bread Pudding with more Lingonberries and a massive slice of Dutch Butter Cake the size of the Philly phone book.

Sweet surrender.  

Noord, Oh Lord, should not be ignored, it was that good.
No, I am not a friend of the owner.  Hell, I didn't even know about his Chicago story until I read it just now on Yelp.  And I was skeptical about the cuisine- Nordic/Dutch?But yes, I am now a fan of Jon Carl and Noord.

First, in this day chef-lebrities, it was quite a shock to see that the man pouring my water was the chef-owner, himself.  His passionate introduction to the nightly specials inspired us to try a few.

But enough about the warm ambiance, let's talk food.  First, the homemade bread and spread was so delicious, I contemplated pulling a senior moment and stuffing my bag.  Next, the croquette appetizer was creamy and crispy and perfectly sided with a pickled salad.   The mussels were served with a velvety, intense broth that begged (and I obliged) for another serving of bread.  The sea bass special, cooked perfectly, was delicately flavored with coriander flowers from the local garden and topped with fresh tomatoes, spinach, and clams.  Yum!

Too stuffed for dessert, we left fat and happy.
This place is really great.  The first time I've ever seen bitterballen on a menu in America.  The traditional bitterballen are amazing as any I've had in the Netherlands, the special the night I came was Salmon bitterballen and they were great (hopefully they add it to the daily menu).  Entrees were good as well, I know this place will only get better with time.  Great addition to Passyunk Sq, can't wait to go back.   

The chef, Joncarl, was really nice as well, we made our reservation before they were even open and he came over and explained the specials to us when we arrived.
Noord is a superb restaurant.  The Dutch cuisine (with a Nordic touch) is unique to Philadelphia but should be familiar to anyone who has traveled in that part of the world. To be truthful - this restaurant is prob better than any restaurant I've ever eaten at in The Netherlands!  And the servers were both very friendly and efficient.

So let's get into the food.  An excellent starter is the Bitterballen.  These meatballs often served in pubs in Holland were very tasty.  Equally tasty is the famous Mustard Soup from Groningen in the Netherlands.  Order both if you can.  An endive & frisee salad proved a perfect interlude to the main course of Hashee.  Though most Dutch moms have their own Hashee recipe for the Stamppot, the one served up with braised brisket at Noord hit the mark.  White and dark chocolate bark completed the meal.

As I was at Noord for a special dinner, we were fortunate to hear from the owner/chef Joncarl Lachman as the meal was winding down.  His insights just added to the five stars of this wonderful dining experience!
If there's one thing that the Nordic people know, it is death metal. Wow. Those guys really like death metal. If there's one ADDITIONAL thing that Nordic people know, it is how to prepare and consume fish. Noord eetcafe is a great place to enjoy at least one of these legacies.

Nowhere in Philly is there a more sumptuous piece of fish than the Jerusalem artichoke stuffed rainbow trout. The meat just catapults off the bone into your face. It is great. 

The pork belly is pretty good. Throwing egg on top of an already fat-laden meat is brilliant. The broodjes haring (smoked herring sliders) is good. It didn't blow my mind but hey, when in Norway...

The ambiance is casual but romantic, perfect for a first or last date.

protip: get jazzed up with a little Norwegian music before you head out for the night - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jTSvZ_VlF5s
Finally got to try noord and it was amazing.
The food is awesome. We started off with some deviously toasted rye bread with garlic/butter.
Mussels were juicy and had great broth. 
The rabbit leg confit was tender. The vegetables and sauce were great. It was steamy hot and it was just amazing.
The whole table raved about their meals (not one bad meal). 
Friendly service and BYO.
Try not to sit right next to the kitchen as it gets very hot.  I will definitely return for more.
After doing a bit of research, we decided to check out Noord for our dinner spot this time around in Philly. The restaurant is in South Philly, with rows of brickhouses in the neighborhood but a number of small restaurants around the intersection where we were at. Despite running a little late, the servers held our table by the window (all of which were thrown open - a really nice way to let the fall air in). The dining area has an assortment of tables, as well as what looks like small counter seating in front of the open kitchen in the back. It's BYOB, but as we had a few drinks elsewhere, we just stuck with water while we were here. The service was prompt, which was nice given that we were the last new party to sit down, and we were able to get through dinner at a brisk 45-50 minutes. That said, they did forget to box our second bread portion, which probably was a sign of how interested they were in winding things down.

The food here seems to be an amalgamation of Northern European and Scandinavian, and sadly, I didn't really feel that the food lived up to the kind of quality that I have experienced in that part of Europe. Of note: the appetizers can be quite large, which is what I discovered when I had my grilled gravlax brought to me. It is a generous portion for sure, but the preparation, to be honest, felt extremely slapdash: the fish was grilled irregularly along the top, and the fish seemed to be sliced in a very hasty fashion. I don't think grilling the salmon did much of anything except make the smoky flavor less present, and while I do love salmon in all its various forms, eating this much half-grilled, half-raw fish was not that appetizing. The beets were a nice touch, but it was unclear how it worked with the dish. While I didn't have any, my wife seemed to enjoy her head-on grilled prawns quite a bit more. My entree was the dutch meatballs, which again seemed to be hastily put on the dish (presentation did not seem to be of much importance). The meatballs had a sweet berry glaze on them, and while juicy, it lacked the kind of heartiness that you would expect in a meatball to offset the sweetness. The mashed sweet potatoes contributed to the sweet direction of the dish, but there were too many thrown on the plate given I had only two meatballs to begin with. My wife's waterzooi had a lot of seafood in it, but the broth veered hard in the direction of being overly fishy. I don't mind having an infusion of seafood flavor in the stock, but this seemed to be virtually the exact opposite of the versions I have had in Belgium (which balanced the cream and seafood flavors better). I would say that unabashedly the best part of the meal was the fennel bread; I really enjoyed how the fennel and garlic butter accentuated the herbal flavor...if anything, there was not enough!

In all, I didn't feel Noord was anything creative or special. The food was edible, but I honestly can't find anything to really rave about outside of the bread...neither my appetizer or entree blew me away. Perhaps it was how late it was, but given how the food was presented, I really wondered if the kitchen really cared how the food was perceived. Given the high ratings here, it certainly seems like I am in the minority, but my recommendation would be to look elsewhere if you are looking for cuisine in this genre or grabbing a bite in this part of Philly.
If Noord were a television show, it would be Modern Family.

The vibe of this place was one of my favorite parts of my visit.  Yes the food was awesome and we'll get to that, but for brunch, this place is hoppin.  It's location just off Passyunk is great for people watching and on a nice day it's great to sit by the window, open a bottle and people watch.  As I looked around the restaurant, everyone seemed to be in a great mood and perhaps it was their alcohol glow or maybe, just maybe, this is a really happy place.

They sent out house made vanilla babka with caraway seed butter.  This was just awesome and went very well with our coffee.  It was dangerous though because I could have kept eating it and ruined my meal.

When I saw Smorrebrod, I knew I had to order it.  When I traveled through Scandinavia, I ate the hell out of this dish wherever I could and Noord's version brought me right back.  My favorites on that board were the scallop and the salmon.  Both were piled on house made bread and dressed with incredibly decadent, dairy laden sauces. 

Our second pick was the brisket hash which utilized their 12 hour brisket, and roasted red potatoes, tomatoes, onions and topped with two fried eggs.  This was another decadent dish and it made me happy that I work out during the week so I can eat meals like this on weekends.

The bathroom is of special note just because there are several pictures which look like self portraits of the chef and his husband.  I just thought they were a cool touch to show you that real people run this restaurant.

I can't wait to come back here for dinner.  If brunch was any indication of how they run things usually, then it's going to be awesome.
Amazing!!  I had been wanting to surprise Justin G with this place since hearing about it and seeing all of the reviews because he is a real sucker for smoked fish...seemed like this would be right up his alley.  Since I am more of an italian, med, spanish foods lover, I was not expecting to be anywhere near in love with this place as I am now.  It is beyond cozy and the staff is super friendly and attentive.  I had one of the specials that night - hake with corn and crab chowder and it was so freaking flavorful.   THe broth was so light but creamy and delicious at the same time that I'm still thinking about it 24 hours later.  Justin G got another special, the whole bass (head & tail on), which I tried but didn't love as much as my dish.  

For dessert, we got the strawberry parfait: fresh strawberries layered with whipped cream (definitely homemade - not sweet at all, amazing), with some type of crispy ginger crumbs...and salted caramel on the bottom.  Such a simple but delicious end to the meal...my only wish was that there had been another layer of salted caramel. 
I cannot wait to go back and try some more items off the menu.
A dear friend of ours who is Dutch like my husband recommended this place. After reviewing the menu and also seeking advice regarding a reservation, I made the decision to celebrate hubby's birthday here.

In the heart of South Philly, this spot is surrounded by neighborhoods and other surrounding restaurants. So glad we booked the reservations, which was booked for 5:15pm.

Since the pandemic, outdoor eating is the only service provided along with carryout. Upom our arrival, we were greeted by the sweetest and liveliest wait staff! We had the choice of where to sit. Outdoor seating is wrapped around the restaurant and near the street (too close to the cars and buses.) I recommend to sit close to the restaurant because it's directly near the intersection with semi-heavy traffic. 

We sat in corner, which was okay ans socially distanced from other tables. So we had several wait staff assist us during our dining affair. They have a BYOB, which we didn't since we had a long drive, our waiter advised a spot nearby, if we wanted to get a bottle, but we opted for water. He even got me some lemons for my water. We were brought a scan code for the menu, which I previewed prior to our visit. 

We did the 3 course ($50/per person). While reviewing the menu we were brought out pumpernickel bread with butter w/ fresh herbs of  parsley and dill and garlic. 
Appetizers:  Bittenballen (Him)
                       Tomato Soup w/ shredded gouda 
Main Course: Konijn in Het Zuur 
vinegar-braised rabbit leg, smoked sausage, lardons, baby turnips, zuurkool 

Dessert: Deep Fried Lingonberry Bread Pudding 

Appetizers were amazing. The bittenballen were cooked to perfection.  They were a little different but good as well as the soup.  This was the first time trying rabbit. Man it was so tender as well as the sauerkraut. And now the bread pudding (this is a slap yo' mama) dessert! Warm and ever so sweet with a dollop of whip. We had also ordered coffee to help us warm up since it did start to get chilly, and yes they have outdoor heaters.

Overall, I would recommend this spot to all the Dutch people who sees this, as well as non-Dutch peeps like me. And hell yes we will be back especially for the bittenballen. Oh the chef is from the Netherlands .
Service was stellar! My husband were in and out in about an hour. The wait-time between courses was almost non-existent. 

As for the food, the menu boasts dishes with simple, fresh ingredients. I went with the pork shoulder and it was tasty. My husband had the pork special and licked his plate clean. My favorite part of the meal - the butter cake we had for dessert. Delish!

Noord is the place to go on a cold, winter evening if you're in the mood for some quality comfort food. Plus, it's a BYO, so really, you can't go wrong.
Different and delicious! 

Their bread is unbelievably awesome and I would have been satisfied just chowing on that. I recommend the Bitterballen (pork fried meatballs) and the open faced pork belly sandwich. 

I decided to go with the Chicken and Mushroom croquette special for my entree. They were melt in your mouth and I hope they offer them on a regular basis. I would to go back to try the Salmon dish, which was highly recommended by the waitress.

This restaurant offers more seafood, so it maybe difficult for someone who does not like seafood to dine here.
I've never had an overwhelming desire to try Scandinavian food but I just couldn't ignore all the hype about Noord!

To start we got the Bitterballen which were amazing.  They were more croquette-like than meatball-like...not what I was expecting (in a really good way!). They were crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside.  Next were the Holland Sliders.  I have to say, I was not a fan of these.  I think herring may be an acquired taste (one which I don't think I'll be acquiring any time soon).

For my entree I went with the trout and my friend went with the salmon.  Both were delicious but I preferred the salmon.  I loved that both entrees were swimming in a super tasty broth (each broth being different to complement their respective fish). We topped off our meal with a shared slice of almond butter cake.  Holy shit, be sure to save room for this if you dine here!

The chef himself came out to tell us about the specials and pour our beers.  Service was attentive but relaxed & friendly.
Cute, cozy little BYO with really great service.

The food was also fantastic...I just wish I didn't get the Holland sliders, and it's really no fault of the restaurants.  I just came to the conclusion that herring is not very good.  It's really cold and fishy tasting and I felt like I was eating dead flesh.  Everything else was amazing though.  The bitterballen was nice and crunchy on the outside with a creamy inside served with a side of whole grain mustard and some greens.  The Norwegian salmon in a creamy chowder was out of this world, as was the almond butter cake.  I'm usually not a big dessert person, but I almost gasped at how fuckin good this was.  Mmmmm.....
I had a great experience at Noord when I went for the first time during East Passayunk Restaurant Week. We were slightly worried at first when it said online that the restaurant is closed on Tuesdays, but they open on Tuesdays specifically for restaurant week. 

It's byob, so my friend and I each brought a bottle of wine. 

I ordered the BitterBallen to start, followed by the Gehakt Ballen (which is a special and an extra $5), and then the almond butter cake for dessert. My friend ordered the brussel sprouts, the hot chicken sandwich and the dark Belgian chocolate for dessert. First, their bread is amazing! It's obviously freshly baked and it comes with a really good sweet potato spread. I really liked my appetizer and entree meatball dishes. I was worried about ordering two meatball dishes, but they were very different, and both very good! The brussel sprouts were very good. I also really liked my almond cake, because it had a strong almond flavor, like amaretto. The chocolate dish was good but it was really sweet and rich.
Having been to Neuf, and loving it, it made sense to visit the sister establishment, Noord. So during East Passyunk Restaurant Week, I booked a reservation. Noord is a charming, intimate BYOB with a friendly and personable staff and a quaint location near the singing fountain. 

While Neuf and Noord have different cuisines and types of food, one thing they have in common is the interesting flavor profiles of the dishes. Johncarl Lachman's way of preparing veggie dishes is much appreciated from a vegetarian like me and also pleased my non veggie dinner companion. The Brussel sprouts and cauliflower plates were superb. MY acorn squash main dish had many components and was such a refreshing option given that many veggie friendly mains offered on pre-fix or restaurant week menus consist of pasta. Dessert was yummy too! A huge portion of cranberry pear bread pudding. 

Great meal and great dining experience!
I just went to Noord for the first time and it was AMAZING. The service was so warm and friendly, the reservation was under my name which is an uncommon one and they made sure they could pronounce it correctly before we arrived - this has literally has never happened at any other restaurant before and even though it was a small gesture I was touched and felt so welcome. 
The food was fantastic (loved the cauliflower and also the dumplings! And of course the bread) and the dessert (dark chocolate donuts) may have been the most delicious dessert I have ever had, they were like fluffy little clouds of donut heaven. 
We loved our first visit to Noord and we will definitely be going again!
We went here shortly after coming back from Amsterdam, so this cuisine was fresh on our palates. Wow. Noord really hits it out of the park. 

The bitterballen were even better than what we had at the Amsterdam bars, and the fish dishes had such nice and clean flavors. I sopped up every last drop of the mustard soup with their hearty bread. For the mains, I stuck with a yummy, sautéed fish dish while my bf got the burger which was delicious, but much heavier.

Their dessert portions are huge, and I managed to get through their chocolate chip bread pudding only because I didn't want it's deliciousness to go to waste, but my boyfriend couldn't make it through his buttery almond cake and I was way too full to help him out. Note for next time: split a dessert and forgo the tummy ache.

Noord reminds me that as good as Philly's Italian and New American scene is, it's ethnic and international food scene could use some work!
I took my girlfriend here last night for her birthday and we both left there talking about how much we loved it.  The space is really intimate and charming.  Our waitress was very nice/funny/attentive and the owner even stopped by every now and then to chat, clear some plates etc.  He was a really nice, funny guy and it was nice to see him pitching in.

The food was excellent.  Most items had names that resembled Ikea furniture pieces so i dont remember what anything was called but we got the these deep fried pork balls to start along with a tray of 3 open faced smoked seafood sandwiches.  My lady got the rabbit leg and i went with the pork shank.  Everything was outstanding.

After we finished our dessert we were just finishing up our drinks and the server came over and said, "guys, i hate to do this to you but would you mind moving over to another table, we need your table for a 10:30 table of 4.  We are easy going people so we had no problem doing so.  A few minutes later the waitress had stopped by our new table and dropped us off a complimentary bread pudding to go and then a few minutes after that the owner stopped by and thanked us and cracked a bottle of champagne and poured us each a glass.

I read horror stories on here all the time about people getting hurried out of restaurants for people waiting, and thought it was really great how graceful the owner/waitress handled us at Noord.  I cant wait to go back.  The setting, the food and the service was top class.
You might say i'm a professional foodie. That is, a good portion of my everyday job includes entertaining at various eateries in this hemisphere. As a result i've been to some top notch eateries - where they understand the importance of a holositic approach to the experience.

Noord nailed it - In every way.Really. No kidding. As in World class.

From the get go the made a good impression. We arrived for a 9pm reservation, but a few tables were slow in finishing up. The chef met us at the door, got us situated with our wine (BYOB) and got us lined up for the windowside table we requested.

The service throughout was spot on - attentive but not obtrusive.

The menu offered a nice selection - not too much or too little. Nice "ethnic" compontent, but not crazy out-there.

Of course the main reason your here is the food. Wow. The bitterballen and the nordic clams dish were both outstanding. The highlght was the whole seabass. They undersold the size - it was big. It was also expertly prepared, delcious, and beuatifully presented. 

Nice surprise on the desert side. We couldn't make up our mind so the waiter offered a little taste of everything. Can you say "winning"?

All of this and a sub $130 bill with tip. 

Folks - we have a gem in the city. I can only hope they keep the intitimate, friendly vibe and a level of food quality rarely seen in this neck of the woods.

Make room for Noord in your schedule - you won't be dissapointed.
Noord is a sleek and innovative spot that's the ideal gateway to the East Passyunk area of South Philly, a budding hipster enclave with a lively restaurant and bar scene, great people watching, and terrible parking.  Made me feel right at home given I spend many of my days in the trendy Mission District of San Francisco.  
 
Our dinner companions were the veritable first couple of South Philly, the life of the party, tight with all the restaurant staff and beloved of every passerby.  And when you are sitting in a fully open-air restaurant, big windows flung open to the sky, the passersby become part of the fabric of the meal.  Camaraderie and community Philly-style.  

Everything we ate here was very rich, very hearty, and very delicious, not to mention unfailingly unique.   My first taste of a mustard soup went down smooth as I grasped for a bite of the tender scallops bobbing in the middle alongside semi-crunchy rye croutons, the whole shebang swirled with a thin ribbon of tarragon oil.  The stuff of brilliant invention!   As were the "clams and zuurkool," a stew of littleneck clams with braised cabbage, bacon and sausage, and caraway beer broth.   The ultimate tonic for a Scandinavian winter, no doubt. 

Next came the gut-busting Bitterballen, gigantic pork meatballs perfectly seasoned, uncharacteristically moist, and unrepentantly deep-fried.  We approached these caloric orbs with trepidation, given the likely health consequences, but ultimately found them the most sublime aspect of the meal.

Our entrees, which arrived long after fulfillment and just before the onset of gluttony, consisted of the braised pork uitsmijter, a remarkable sandwich atop a grilled brioche with a sunny side egg and pickles, along with its gastronomic opposite, the Surinam seafood curry, a mild, tomato based Indo-Scandinivian bouillabaisse loaded with shellfish, potatoes and carrots, by far the most health-conscious course of the evening.  

All of this was washed down with copious amounts of BYOB, a friendly touch that kept the bill from reaching astronomical proportions.  Because we had to give dessert a whirl, we chose the almond cake, which was intensely imbued with almond extract and surrounded by clouds of vanilla whipped cream.  We couldn't stop until the plate was clean, even though our minds and bodies had long since thrown in the towel.
Brunch at Noord in Passyunk was a unique and delicious experience. The menu showcased a number of Dutch dishes with Scandinavian influence. First, they bring out a warm milk molasses bread with a maple butter which was unforgettable....seriously, I'm still thinking about it. The bread was perfectly doughy. I ordered the sweet potato hash but without the bacon. The sweet potatoes were perfectly roasted with apples, onions, and a sweet raisin glaze. Two sunny side up eggs were on top and it was served with a piece of toast!  

Noord is BYO, but when I made the reservation, I was told that they have a house-made Bloody Mary Mix available at brunch, so we brought our own vodka. The mix was flavorful and garnished with an assortment of pickled vegetables. 

We had a large party of eight and were able to make a reservation. The place is relatively small, and deservingly popular! I would recommend making a reservation for brunch. Would love to go back to Noord for dinner!
Omg! I've been wanting to go here for a while and finally got to it last night. Amazing food and service in a nice setting! 

As a starter we got the bitterballen (fried meatballs) and the prawns. Both delicious and being a Dutchie in Philly, I was really happy to find bitterballen like back home. 

I had the rabbit leg as my main course and my husband went for the slavink, kind of a meatloaf. These were also delicious and portions were quite large too. 

Then for dessert we got the bread pudding and apple streusel, but were also surprised by a slice of butter cake when the owner found out we were from Holland. These desserts are now sitting in my fridge because of course it was all too much! 

Great food and a great spot too. There's $8 valet parking which will save you headaches. Will definitely go back here! Don't miss this one!
There are not enough praises I could give to this little place.  The food was delicious.  The service was friendly and accommodating.  And, did I mention, the food was delicious? Oh yeah, I did, but its worth mentioning twice.

Ever since moving to Philadelphia, my girlfriend and I have loved the byob scene.  We have been to most of the restaurants that people rave about, and have found our solid favorites.  This place is definitely added to the list.

For starters, we had the soft shell crab special salad and the pork belly with egg dish.  The pork belly melted in your mouth, and was a perfect play on a breakfast sandwich.  The soft shell crab salad was complimented delightfully with pickled watermelon.  Now, I didn't even know you could pickle watermelon, however, it made the salad was delicious.  

For entries, I ordered this seafood dish - for the life of me, I cannot remember the name.  The dish was complimented with a spicy sausage and TONS of seafood.  My girlfriend had the rabbit dish.  The rabbit was lovely and tender.  However, she felt it was more of a fall dish.  Although, that thought did not prevent her from thoroughly enjoying it.

For dessert, we got butter cake.  Now, I have never had butter cake.  And, honestly, we were not planning on ordering dessert.  But, how could we resist when the couple next to us was raving about cake.  The cake lived up to the ravings.  Order it, period.

Overall, I am very excited to go back...It is on the list of places to take the girlfriend's parents to (hopefully) impress them.
I've never been to a restaurant where I felt embarrassed for not bringing a bottle of wine to dinner, but heck, I've never really dined in Philly, so I took it in stride, went around the corner and picked up a nice blended bottle of red and embarked on a very unforgettable and unique culinary experience.

I heard about Noord from yelp and was able to easily reserve a table for our anniversary dinner. When we arrived, we were immediately seated by a charming and charismatic waiter to our seat, where he had already written 'congratulations' on the table cloth. The waiter also was a little bit...cheeky, but in a lovingly manner that brought additional flavors to the restaurant. For the food, I definitely loved the complimentary hunk-o-bread, which was served still warm from the oven and accompanied by the home-made (albeit, slightly salty) butter. We ordered the holland sliders, mustard soup, the pan roasted pork chops and the special pork roast. Of these, my favorite was definitely the herring sandwich (sliders), in which the potato buns perfectly captured and mellowed out the salty, briny nature of the herrings. I also really enjoyed the mustard soup, especially with the smoked salmon cream, as it opened my cultural culinary palate in an unexpected, but enjoyable way. Unfortunately, I was really disappointed by the 2 pork dishes, in which the meat for both were incredibly tough, stringy and broke the Noordic enchantment. While the dessert, composed multiple layers of whipped cream, fruits and jam concluded our dinner wonderfully, we couldn't leave the restaurant because our single waiter was taking care of all of the patrons and couldn't get to us for at least 20 minutes.

At the end of the day, I think Noord is definitely a place worth visiting, especially when compared to all of the culinary must-trys in the foodie city. However, you may want to skip out on the pork options when you're here, and try out their salmon dishes instead.

Food: 4 stars
Service: 4 stars
Ambiance: 4 stars
Price: 4 stars
Noord has excellent service, a friendly chef, and large portions of properly cooked food.  So why only three stars you ask?  Well, it just wasn't for me.  The flavors were bland and the food was heavy, and this of course is not a cheap place to eat.  If I'm paying around $100 after tax and tip for two people, I want to leave thinking about amazing flavors.  That didn't happy here.

Now to be fair, I know absolutely nothing about Dutch food.  This was my first time giving it a go. Those who love heavy sauces and large portions of protein would probably love Noord.  My husband really enjoyed his meal here.  He had duck and was raving about it, and he was also happy with how stuffed he was when he left the restaurant.  

We both ordered the mustard soup with scallop as our appetizers.  This was my favorite of the evening.  The scallop was perfectly cooked, large, and tender.  Unfortunately there was some grit in a bite a took.  The mustard soup itself was good and mustardy.  It was really thick though, which I wasn't expecting.  It was also super filling, so after I ate it and the heavy bread they served, I didn't even need my main course.  I recommend that you split an appetizer, unless you have a large appetite.  

I ordered the bass which was a special for the night.  It was served whole.  I liked that they had already deboned it.  It was perfectly cooked and had a nice crispy skin with a flaky inside.  The mussels it came with were HUGE!  I've never seen mussels that big, and they were nice and tender. The sauce was not something I enjoyed though.  It was salty and fatty tasting even though it didn't look heavy.  The vegetables that it came with not memorable, with the exception of the radishes which were caramelized and probably the best radishes I've ever tasted.  I think I would have been happier with a plate full of these.  I couldn't finish the fish as I was already full from my soup, so they wrapped it up for me.  The next day, I opened it up and saw the sauce had totally congealed due to the fat.  So yeah, it was as heavy as I had thought it tasted.  

If someone offered to take me back here and pick up the bill, I would go without hesitation, however if I'm picking up the tab, this would not be my first pick.
Even during the pandemic Noord still comes through even though it's "Take Away Only".  You can't beat the price and the food is still delicious. From the Bitterballen to the Herring Sliders, to the Gravlax, the appetizers were fantastic.  The Pork loin won the best  entree selection with the Wild Mushrooms a little disappointing. 

Both the Bread Pudding and Puffed Pastry desserts were fantastic. 

Can't wait till this whole virus thing is over so that we can again enjoy their excellent staff and Chef in person.
Food was great and the chef was awesome, but their waitstaff needs to be trained more on how to serve.  They have a really bad attitude and should stop acting like a diva and supermodel.  I was really turned off by it and therefore 2 stars. 

The female waitress seriously did not talk or smile and just walking around with her high heels with an attitude.  Yes, she was cute, but c'mon you are waiting table and supposed to be friendly and helpful.  That was really interesting to see and living in NYC I've never seen anything like that.  Actually, you will never see anything like that in NYC. 

The male waiter was totally flaming the whole time and I'm totally OK with that but when you tell your customer "the fish is cooked I've had it many times" without really looking then you are acting like an idiot.  All I did was telling him the fish wasn't cook all the way because it was obviously raw in the middle I couldn't even cut through it. Then the "supermodel" came and told me it's cooked too.  Then he brought out another one and told me to "cut right in the middle" wtf, so I did with an attitude and he just stands there and said "i'm not leaving until you are happy" so I told him to stand there.  Seriously, I was so annoyed by their waitstaff. 

Should've tipped them 5%.   

Food 85 points 
Service -100 points - that's a "negative 100"
My husband and I were so happy we came to Noord to celebrate a special day! We got there early and had the best seat in the house (by the window). Our server was fantastic!! The food was out of ordinary in flavor and very well executed. We will definitely come back!!
Went to Noord tonight on a double date. Arrived at 7:05 for a 7:15 reservation and were seated right away. The food was excellent, but the service leaves something to be desired. 

First, the food: the complimentary bread is delicious, it has spices baked inside and we ordered two extra servings. Each couple ordered the meatballs and the rabbit which were both cooked perfectly - yum. 

Dessert was only ok, the bread pudding was too much like a sweet version of the complimentary bread at the beginning of the meal and the almond cake had too much almond extract so it tasted fake. All in all a decent meal and normally would be enough to make me come back soon. 

The problem however was the service. Around an hour and fifteen into our meal, while we were still eating dessert, the waitress drops the check, unannounced and uninvited. At an hour 30, she comes and asks for our credit cards and quickly returns the check. From then, every five to ten someone would come and try to give us signals to leave by removing plates, removing silverware, packing up the remaining dessert. At just over 2 hours, a different waiter physically came and asked us to leave as "they had another party waiting." This was at 9:30 PM, an unusual time to have a second seating scheduled for a table.

Quite frankly, 2 hours is a standard amount of time to spend with friends in a restaurant and to rush out was sort of BS. I can't remember the last time that this happened to me and I'm completely soured on an otherwise good experience. To top it off, I went back to the wait staff to call them out on the negative experience and instead of getting sincere apologies, all I got was a sarcastic "sorry" from one waiter and got scoffed at by another. Really, they were just rude and I left asking myself why I tipped them at all if they weren't going to be professional. 

Noord needs to retrain their staff and rethink their reservation system. 

Two stars for the food but this should have been a 4-5 star night.
Very great brunch with a lot of meat offerings. Sausage, pulled pork , bacon , meatballs. Protein heaven. I also like their smooth French press coffee.

The only thing for improvement is the service. When we sat down the waitress told us about the $5 meatball special so we ordered it asap. Our coffee comes out and still no meatballs, then the house bread with the brown sugar butter ... still no meat ball, then our entrees came ... still no meat balls. I asked prob 5 to 6 times throughout our dining experience and all I got was it's coming. Let's just say it never came and everyone else around us that came after got their meatballs. Service sucks here in a big way
We came here for dinner early one Saturday evening. I call this an adventure meal since neither my SO nor I had had Dutch food before.

We had a nice table outside, there was a heater nearby but we didnt need it. They started with complimentary bread which was delicious and you can get more for a small price (a tease!) Then we did a prix fixe with 3 courses. They are BYO so we had some white wine that we brought with us.

Appetizers: Borrell Plate for 2 is a great value with a yummy assortment of battered balls, cheese, fruit and mustard. The Sauerkraut soup appetizer also delicious with mussels. For entrees we got the pork belly and the Yeshi Kena which was super hearty and had some italian flavor overtones.

For dessert we had the brioche pudding which was absolutely delightful and the apple tart. I think the Apple Tart would have been much much better served warm (and with a bit of ice cream ;))

Overall, we would come here again.
This is my first restaurant review on Yelp.  The flavors and food I experienced tonight moved me to create an account just so I could tell others how awesome this place is.

Service was excellent. Food was beyond incredible.

Appetizers:
-Snert
-Bitterballen
-Smorrebrod 

Dinner
-Braised park shank
-Whole striped bass with mussels (special)
-Lamb meatloaf wrapped in bacon over root vegetable mash (special)

Desert:
-Amazing almond cake/pie over an almond creme dream
-Home made cookie tray with this incredible chocolate bark stuff
-Bread pudding - Holy shit

This place was top notch.  One of the best meals I've had in ages.  Seriously a gem. 

Go to NOORD!
Noord is always such a treat.  In a landscape of Americana, Italian, Mexican, African and Asian restaurants throughout the City, Noord stands apart for both Scandinavian fare, unusual in Philadelphia, and it's quality, a cut above even the best.  While a little pricey, even for a BYOB, I still return with friends to show them something different that South Philadelphia has to offer.  

The Good:

The food is phenomenal and well positioned for Americans (like myself) to take on without being too difficult or "unknown" - a great introductory course in Scandinavian cuisine!  I think every dinner starts with the grilled bread, which is delicious, but includes some roasted (and therefore spreadable garlic) which as smooth and garlicky!  This bread is great and unfortunately they charge an extra $4 for each additional order which must be incredibly common.  We ordered more around dinner!

We tried the Bitterballen which were soft pork croquets (recommended!) which just a touch of stoneground mustard and the brussel sprouts which were properly roasted and very enjoyable.  

My wife had usual pork loin which she would not stop raving about and I had the special seafood choucroute which was a sweet, slightly creamy stew with more mussels and clams then I could count.  We barely waddled out!

The service was good as well with our server eagerly answering any questions and the chef/owner (I think) stopping by as well.  Both were extremely pleasant.

It's also BYOB which is great!

The bad:

The space is perhaps mildly small, but without issue.  More cozy than cramped.  The prices are higher than some other comparable fare, but not by a lot.  I would expect a dinner for two to potentially push into 3 bills (with tip).  I reaching for problems, my experiences at Noord are borderline perfect!

Conclusion:

I'd love to come back for brunch some time -the menu looks great.  Regardless, we'll return soon as we've never had a bad experience and the food is always great!
Once again, the most beautiful place to brunch. Light and airy atmosphere, impeccable service and the most delicious not-so-ordinary brunch fare. How do you keep doing it year after year, Noord? Forget that question. Just know that you do. Perfection.
Very bad service. First time saw waiter curse. 

The iced water to start has flies, Three flies lying inside.... 

I suggest manager to hire more civilized waiter. The male waiter with braid found me several blocks away and cursed us with F words just because we were unhappy about his service and tole him he was rude (he intentionally ignored us when we tried to talk).
Definitely one of the best restaurants in the city. It has some familiar Dutch dishes, which I love, but this place is so much more. The owner/chef is creative, serving up a variety of northern/Western European dishes, as well as variations thereof. I also remember that one of the first time I went with my wife, the chef happened to by dining at a nearby table and, not knowing who he was, we had a conversation with him about the restaurant and how we liked the food. He genuinely cares about what kind of experience his guests are having, and whether they're liking their food. A must-try on Passyunk Ave, and in Philly on general.
Really, really loved Noord.  Great experience from service and location to food, food, and food!

Obviously, the location is tops and cher trendy but the interior lets you know you're in for a unique experience.  It's cozy, warm, and the servers will greet you with a pleasant, if hipster smile.  The dark wood floors and flaming grill in the back lend the restaurant a perfect Northern European touch.  The owner is an affable guy who will take turns cooking, serving, and schmoozing the guests in his trademark red chuck taylors.  Gotta dig the handlebar mustache.

Most importantly, I loved my meal.  Here's a rundown of what my partner and I did:

1) Dark bread (4/5) -- bread is hearty and tasty.  The butter is on the salty side, which I tend to like

2) Beet salad with walnuts over arugula and mandarin oranges (5/5) -- Beets were perfect and the dressing and accompaniments were light.  Great way to start.  This was a special

My partner in crime did the open-faced egg sandwich, which is a heavier appetizer but ideally suited for the European palate (it's on brioche and served with a half salad)

3) Whole grilled sea bass (5/5) -- Outstanding!  This is the real deal, a full fish grilled and accompanied by an assortment of vegetables in a light broth.  The fish was grilled perfectly with a crispy outside and tender interior.  The vegetables are Noord's secret weapon; they're extremely fresh, cooked expertly and matched very well to the dish.  This was a special, but I think they always have whatever fish is freshest available

My partner did the roasted acorn squash, which was served with lentils, the tastiest sweet carrots (smaller than regular, but not baby!), amongst some other well chosen vegetables.  This is the ideal vegetarian dish.  They probably would do well to have another veg dish on the main menu, however

4) Butter cake (5/5) -- This is served with an almond-based sauce as well as a chocolate.  The butter cake is basically the best pound cake you can imagine, except with a crispier outer layer, chocolate chips, and a dusting of powdered sugar and a touch of delectable creme sauces.  Yep.

My partner did the bread pudding, which is very European style (a la made from the brown bread) except it is topped off with some additional cranberry sauce and a nice sprinkle of cinnamon

Portions at Noord are on the large size, and it's BYOB which is a win for me.  There's a valet in the square.  Restaurant was sold out all night, so I imagine reservations on the weekend are highly recommended.

The only critique I have is that they should put a little WD-40 one of their oven hinges as it made a noticeable squeak from time to time in the dining room.  ;)
Noord is the perfect place to go on a cold, blustery winter night. The space is cozy and intimate, with pretty blue string lights and an open kitchen that makes you feel welcome. My date and I stumbled across this cozy restaurant in our search for a delicious meal. Alas, when we arrived, all the tables had been booked, but we left our names with the host (who also happens to be the chef/owner) Mr. Joncarl Lachman and he phoned us within 15 minutes to let us know that there had been a cancellation. He was so friendly and warm that even if we hadn't ended up eating there that night, we would have come back some other time, so taken were we by the ambiance and mood of the restaurant. 

We started our meal with some of the best complimentary bread I've had in my life. The bread was wheat, with a nutty, slightly sour taste and a soft, pillowy interior. It was served with whipped butter and roasted garlic that made for an amazing combination. As an appetizer, we got the smorrebord, which featured prawn, salmon, and scallops served bruschetta style on toasted bread. The appetizer was, for lack of a better word, amazing. Each type of bruschetta was perfectly balanced in flavor, with the salty meatiness of the seafood balancing out the toasted bread. It was served with a side salad of greens and some of the freshest pickled vegetables I've had to date. I never thought I would enjoy pickled onions so much. For my entree, I ordered the Konijin in het Zuur, a vinegar-steeped rabbit leg. It tasted, in my opinion, like uber gourmet chicken soup, with rabbit instead of chicken. I was in the mood for something a little different; nonetheless, the dish itself was very well balanced, with the meat on the rabbit falling-off-the-bone tender. My date ordered the "Gehaktballen" Dutch Sirloin Meatballs which were delicious, not to mention huge. The ligonberry onion jam added a nice, sweet acidity to the dish. We were so full from our appetizer and entrees that we skipped dessert, but their almond cake was very tempting. Throughout our meal, the waitress was attentive, but not overbearing. Noord is BYOB (a huge bonus) and she never let our glasses go empty. All in all, a phenomenal dining experience.
This is our absolute favorite place in the city. We have been four times, and every time has been an incredible experience both in terms of food and service. I feel like we are part of a larger family when we come here, that's how well you are treated!! Louis is the most amazing person and I cannot say enough good things about him, we love talking to him when we come here.  Get the Smorreboard, you'll be dreaming about it for months to come, until you eventually come back for it again!
My boyfriend and I have been meaning to check out Noord for a long time, every time we walk through the East Passyunk area, we kept spotting Noord and meaning to make a reservation.

So, East Passyunk Restaurant Week rolls around and I jump at the chance to make a reservation. We had a very nice, fine meal last night at Noord. 

Between the two of us:
- Bitterballen
- House smoked salmon smorreboard
- Sauteed rainbow trout
- Hashee London Broil
- Shared dessert (bread pudding & some type of liquer-infused cake)

Everything was good, well-cooked, and had that familiar, but foreign complex flavor relationship that I was looking for. Little bits of pickled accents or intense smoked flavor found their way into different dishes, and I really enjoyed that.

I liked the Bitterballen and the sauteed rainbow trout a lot - both were deeply flavorful. The sauteed rainbow trout was a whole fish (deboned and sauteed) and was incredibly light and delicate, paired nicely with a winter salad and potatoes. It was hearty, but not heavy, which I enjoyed.

Service was very nice and attentive. The restaurant is really tiny, and the open kitchen is a nice touch.
I made a reservation for 6 of us for my dads birthday.  The atmosphere was awesome. Its a small room that fits around 40 people with the kitchen located on the side.  Candles everywhere and huge windows made it a very chill environment.  Our waiter very friendly and made some great recommendations.  The service was outstanding, we didnt have to wait long for our food and everything came and went smoothly end perfectly.  Now on to the best part:  the food was awesome! We started with a complimentary bread for the table which felt like it was just out of the oven... It was rolled up like a cinnabun minus the sugar and tasted great and very fresh.  For appetizers we had the pork meat balls and escargot. The pork meat balls were ok but the escargot were excellent served in some type of sweet sauce with fruits which made it really delicious.  For my entree i had the striped sea bass which was served just perfect with out the bones.  My dad had the pan fried  pork chop which he said was excellent. Our party really enjoyed our food. For dessert we had friend crum cake with french pressed coffee. Great stuff!
This is Part 2 of a 2-part review...for Part 1, see above...
 
DESSERT:
Boterkoek met Advocaat (buttercake with brandy almond cream)--This didn't sound like much, and as usual you don't really expect much from the average BYOB's dessert menu, most of which lack a dedicated pastry chef.  But this was the exception that proved the rule, a delicious, moderately dense cake with a crisp layer of slivered almonds on top, and a quenelle-shaped dollop of brandy cream that was dessert by itself.  Simple sounding, and it really was quite simple, but sometimes the simple things are best, and this really was one of the best desserts I've had so far this year.

-or-

Dutch chocolate custard--I had a spoonful, but I don't really remember it, I was so focused on the buttercake and sauternes.

~1998 Château Climens

Conclusions?  

An excellent meal, and everyone seemed to enjoy every single dish, although there were certainly standouts like the Lohikeitto and the buttercake that I hope make it on to Noord's menu.

Service, although a bit slow (not a big surprise, given the chef was dealing with an unfamiliar kitchen and staff), was what we expected from F&F.  Actually, Josh Lawler had the night off, so it was all Joncarl in the kitchen.  As usual, we were ably entertained by the adorable Judy (wife of F&F's sous chef), and also got to chat with Noord's Bob Moysan (another Philly native who coincidently went to the same high school as one of us!).  Joncarl, who sat down to talk with several of the late tables, is charming and friendly.

Frankly, not really a misstep to be seen at this popup, which bodes well for Noord.  The strong press coverage leading up to their opening is also a good sign that they will be able to get over the initial 'hump'.

However, I do worry that such hearty cuisine will put Noord on the outer edge of Philly fine dining BYOBs, a scene that is largely dominated by New American restaurants.  In this regard, Noord will be more like Kanella or Koo Zee Doo, two of my favorites that don't seem to get nearly enough press, perhaps because the average diner feels less comfortable with their cooking styles than with those of Blackfish, Fond, or Matyson.  Not a prediction, just a worry.

However, as good as Philly's BYOB scene is, I do sometimes find myself becoming a bit jaded with all these New American menus.  Noord will definitely provide some well-needed variety to the mix.

Cilantro!
Welcome to the neighborhood noord! So happy another great spot has popped up on the avenue!!! Went there this weekend and what we really liked was the fact that it was something new and different I don't think I've seen any other Danish restaurants in Philly at least not done so well. The place had clean and welcoming decor and the host and chef and waitstaff were really really nice. 
We had the prawns, sliders and soft shell crab special for appetizers. He crab was my favorite but all of them were really good. We split the rabbit for entree also very good. You would think it would be a heavy dish based on the ingredients but the use of vinegar in the sauce (as well as many of the other dishes) really lightened it up

However I have to say I was really pleasantly surprised by dessert. The strawberry vlaai was amazing!  One of the best deserts I've had in Philly even my bf who hates desserts loved it! It was just fully of strawberry flavor but not too sweet 
We wi definitely be back and we are excited for them to start Sunday brunch
Wow! Loved this little gem of a restaurant on East Passyunk! 

The decor is casual elegant, white tablecloths, white painted walls and lots of windows. As we walked in from the rain, we felt very welcomed by the staff, who let us pick any table we wanted as we were the first customers there for dinner. We took a peek behind the chef's counter to see what was being made and got a description of the fresh baked breads, a real variety of interesting flavors which we got to enjoy later as the meal came with a basket of assorted breads and rolls. I really liked the brioche with the caraway seeds.

 As we were seated at our table looking over the menu, the chef came over to chat and walk us through the specials, he was very friendly and down to earth, he is obviously a real people person.    Although the soft shell crab special sounded tempting, we chose from the printed menu.  

For apps there is an interesting assortment of things you never see on a menu in Philly, like bitterballen (fried pork meatballs flavored with nutmeg, that came served with a salad) .  The bitterballen came with 3 large meatballs, and is definitely share-able, as you want to leave room entree and dessert.   We also ordered the seared diver scallop, topped with caviar and served in a bowl of mustard soup with little rye bread croutons (no doubt from the bread baked on premises).  The scallop was extremely sweet and tender, chef really seems to have a great touch with the preparation of seafood..  

For entrees we had the amsterdam mussels and the rainbow trout.  The mussels were the most delicious, perfectly cooked mussels I can remember. Though small in size, the mussels were soft and juicy, and the sauce made with beer and fennel was flavorful but not overpowering, so the mussels really shined through. If you are a fan of mussels, I definitely recommend a bowl of these. They might also be good to share as a first course. 

The rainbow trout was a whole fish that had been boned out and stuffed with jerusalem artichokes, and was served in a bowl of broth, Here, again, the chef had a light touch with the fish which was so tender it just melted in your mouth. I can't recall what was in the sauce but it tasted very buttery. There were some mustard greens as well, which added an interesting flavor contrast to the dish.

There was still room for dessert so we shared a serving of the rich almond butter cake which had a delicious flavored whipped cream on top.  The slice was huge and between the two of us we could hardly finish!  

Overall, an outstanding meal, I definitely recommend Noord and plan to go back again in the future!
Noord was a ton of fun for an impromptu date night. The ambiance was cozy and romantic. The service was good. The food was good as well.

For the appetizer we got a liver moose that came with savory donuts, pickled onions and pickled eggs. It was beyond delicious. They also served house made bread with sweet potato butter. It was unique and delicious. The appetizer was definitely my favorite part of the meal.  

For the entree I had haddock with creme fraiche, corn and crab meat. It was tasty but lacked color. I also felt that there was too much creme fraiche and not enough variety of textures. My boyfriend had one of their seafood stews which was very good seafood with a nice smokey flavor. 

For dessert, we ordered a bread pudding and some chocolate to go with out dessert wine. The dessert was tasty but just wasn't very unique. 

Overall, Noord was a great experience, a great place to check out for date night!
I came here for my graduation lunch. The place is small and intimate. We got there pretty much right when it opened, but it was full by the time we left. 

The smorrebrod was amazing and so filling! By the time we finished that dish, we were too full to finish our other dish. We also ordered the hete kip. The chicken was so tender and fell right apart. The dish definitely has a kick and was a tad bit too spicy, but that didn't stop us from enjoying the dish!

Overall, I really enjoyed this place! You definitely get a good amount of food for what you pay. Did i mention? The food is really good here! Will DEFINITELY come back!
Wonderful time at Noord!  Fantastic experience from start to finish, we literally had no complaints.  The service was attentive and helpful, we wanted for nothing.  
- Started with the Smorrebrod, which was unbelievable.  It was my first experience with a smoked scallop and I couldn't believe the sweet/smoky combination! Unreal.
- For my main course I got the special Seabass that was covered in mussels and a light tomato based broth.  Huge portion, but not too heavy.  

I wish I had more insight on what the other diners in our table of 4 ate, but I was in such a state of elation I couldn't compute.  BYOB is always a plus and I can't wait to return!
My husband and I ate at Noord last night and had a great meal. We had the bitterballen and the gravlax as appetizers. The meatballs and the mustard that came with them were delicious. I enjoyed the beets on the gravlax but was not a huge fan of the fish that came with it. My husband thought it was great though. 
For entrees, I had the snert. I was worried when it first came out because the green color of the sauce is interesting but it tasted fantastic. The fish was fried perfectly and the sausage in the sauce was great. My husband had the shellfish choucroute and it the broth might be one of the best I've ever had. Our waiter brought us more bread specifically to dip in it and I wish I had some more right now.
The bread pudding that we took home for dessert was out of this world.
The food was great, but the experience was honestly the best part. It's a small restaurant but it feels airy and open. Everyone on staff is smiling, joking and helpful. Our waiter was seriously one of the best I've ever had. You should check it out.
One of the best meals I've had in my life!  

Completely different from anything I've ever had in the city.    First off, service and the level of courtesy here is through the roof.  I came here on the wrong reservation date but without any issues, they accommodated me and had a great laugh about it.  We had the pleasure dining with Louis, he is amazing.  He went through the menu in great detail and explained all of the specials that night.  Automatically you feel at home here.

Forgive me since I don't remember what the items I ordered was called but for appetizers I had the Endive and apple salad (light/delicious/perfect crunch), the chicken dumpling spread with pickled veggies (amazing), the prawns (great broth/full of flavor) and for main entree I had the pollack fish.  The fish is perfectly seasoned, light not heavy in overall preparation and filling.  It was so delicious that I was sad I finished all of it.  My husband had the chicken with barley and that was amazing.  

Completely fell in love with this place and cannot wait to come back.  The next following week (which was the correct reservation day) the service was consistently great, attentive, warm and welcoming.  Food... No need to elaborate it was out of this world.  I had to take home most of my meal that night and they packed it away with some extra homemade bread of theirs and I was able to enjoy another great meal from Noord at home.  LOVE it here!
Intriguing food, different yet still appetizing.  

I'll admit: Scandinavian food does not exactly beckon me.  However I can only hear  "You need to try Noord, it's fantastic" so many times before I do.  I ventured there with a group on New Year's Eve.  Right as we entered we were welcomed by Joncarl (chef/owner), even though the place was at hectic holiday pace (re: New Year's Eve), he still takes the time to treat every customer like a great friend. The space itself is cozy/comfortable with its many windows looking onto Passyunk Square. Additionally the open kitchen allows diners to witness the behind-the-scenes while allowing Joncarl to engage and entertain his patrons. 

The food, though on an abbreviated NYE menu, still offered diverse selections.  The house charred rye bread with butter and garlic was meatier and a breath of fresh air compared to other table bread offerings. The house smoked salmon was - dare I say it - the best smoked salmon I have ever tasted with a subutle smokiness and freshness. The highlights were the main courses:

Lamb Shoulder - fall-of-the-bone tenderness, with a perfect accompaniment of tomato broth

Pork Loin "Choucroute"- multiple cuts, all precisely made, on marvelous but not overpowering dutch style sauerkraut (i'm Polish, I know good kraut!)

Sauteed Icelandic Hake - crisp white fish, in wine sauce that was a great balance of flavor and along with a barely cake that was perfectly crisped 

The dessert was chocolate tree bark along with these little, spectacular friend donuts.  We had to order a second round of them - chewy inside, friend outside, and a dark chocolate sauce that closed the deal. Not sure what they are called but I can't stop thinking about them. 

This place is now one my favs!  Can't wait to go back for their standard menu!
I ate here last night with a bud. I was pretty stoked to have some Scandinavian food, as I spent a month there last summer and I'm about to spend another 3 months there this fall. My friend had heard really great things about it and I had read about it via Phoodie.info.

The food was good, but somewhat repetitive. The bread was house baked rye and was served with butter and roasted garlic. Scandinavian breads tend to be pretty dense and dark, so this fit the bill perfectly. I really like Scandinavian breads, especially the really seedy/nutty ones. This was not that type, but still really good.
 
Apps: We got the mushroom nut pâté and it was served with the bread again, but toasted. They also didn't give much bread. I'm not sure if it was because we had some bread already on the table or what, but there was much more pâté then bread. I don't think that there needs to be more bread, but rather a smaller ration of the pâté. It was a HUGE appetizer, probably meant to share,  but we had also ordered another appetizer and 2 entrees so it was too much. I'd say if you are a party of 2 and really want this app, share it or come really hungry. The pâté itself was a little sweet and very delicious. It came with a little bit of tasty sweet beets and very vinegary cauliflower. I'm not a huge pickled fan, but I enjoyed it. The other app we got was the scallop. I made the mistake of taking a big bite of the salty caviar on top of the scallop with my first bite of the protein, when it's really meant to be spread around the dish. Even still I think it was way too much caviar. The mustard soup/bisque thing was banging and I'd eat that all day, although, again, the croutons were the same ones as from the bread. I actually didn't notice the croutons initially either, because they were only 3 and hidden under the scallop in the soup. It made the scallop look bigger than it was, since it sat atop it. I don't really think that was necessary because this diver scallop IS big! The croutons were deliciously soaked in the soup, but I had a WTF moment when I first discovered them.

Mains: We ordered scallop special and salmon. The scallops were prepared in the exact same way as my app, but 3 scallops instead of 1. They were perfectly seared and topped with too much caviar. They came on a bed of awesome heirloom tomatoes, shaved aged gouda, and some other rad stuff. Although my friend kept spreading the caviar throughout the salad, there was still a ton of it left at the end of it. Maybe some people love caviar more than we do? 50% of my salmon was too dry. I generally like my salmon medium, but she never asked me a temperature. Half of it was medium and moist, but the other half was well done. Eh! Also, it was barely seasoned. It was served over a thin fish chowder that was really tasty, but even eating the fish with the broth left me wanting something, even just a bit of salt on the salmon. The vegetables in the broth were also inconsistently cooked. Some of the potatoes and carrots were still hard. With carrots, that's not bad. With raw potatoes, yuck. I ended up avoiding them for the rest of dinner.

We did not get any dessert, since we came in pretty late and there were only 2 kinds left, and neither sounded great to us. The waitress described a 2 fruit bread pudding, and a parfait that made us raise our eyebrows by the randomness of the items inside of it. When she saw us make inquisitive faces at each other, she laughed and said "yeah, I know it kind of sounds like a garbage parfait" or something similar to that.

Service was pretty good. When we sat down, they immediately opened our bottle of wine and stored the other in the fridge until we were ready for it. (We were never ready for it, but they promptly brought it back to us at the end of the meal.) We were checked on frequently by just about everyone and our water glasses were pretty full. After receiving our entrees, we were checked back on pretty quickly, but not again until we were almost done and the only question was if we wanted our plates cleared. I actually didn't love my salmon, and I would have been able to say that if it weren't for the fact that I wasn't asked. 

I enjoyed the atmosphere a lot though. The big windows were open on this beautiful night, making it extra pleasant. The lights were dim, but the menu still readable. Tables are somewhat close, but not too cramped that it's uncomfortable. Noise level-wise, I read some reviews here about the music being too loud, but I didn't notice that. I was also probably the youngest person in there, so maybe my young ears didn't mind it? My friend and I were able to talk all evening without shouting. Then again, we both have pretty strong lungs as well.

Dinner at Noord is not cheap (but is quite reasonable), although still cheaper than a typical Scandinavian dinner out. It's a good experience, and I think I would come back again to try other things that sounded yum on the menu, but probably not become a regular.
Boyfriend chose this as his last dinner in the U.S. before two weeks in Asia, and neither of us were disappointed by his choice!  Unfortunately, I did not catch our server's name, but he was easily the most personable server I have had anywhere in a long time, and this really enhanced our overall experience.  The weather was cold and rainy the night we came in, so we were very appreciative that our server wasted no time seating us and opening our bottle of wine.  

We started with the bitterballen and, of course, the grilled bread.  I don't usually eat much bread at any restaurant since I prefer to save my appetite for the main events -- but skipping the bread here would be a huge mistake.  It is absolutely fabulous (possibly even better than the bitterballen...?!). 

Our main courses were not only delicious, but also huge.  My boyfriend had a generous slab of salmon and ate every last piece.  I ordered the eggplant & tofu entree, which easily could have served two people, and made it through roughly two-thirds of the dish before admitting defeat.  Moral of the story: go to Noord with an appetite!

The atmosphere is cozy, romantic, and warm; it was perfect for the drizzly winter evening we had.  We had no problem making a reservation at the last minute (i.e., roughly 2 hours ahead of time) -- but it was a Wednesday evening in the middle of winter, so that may not always be the case.  Cannot think of a single "bad" thing to say about it!
Great meal, small but intimate space. BYO is always a nice aspect because there's no markup for wine. A very friendly wait staff that brought a complimentary dessert because he thought it was his personal favorite.

I went here last week with my girlfriend who I met in Sweden, and this restaurant does Northern European cuisine a good service.

With any restaurant, and with an amenable party I try to share everything that is served, and at this restaurant I am very glad that I got to try as much as possible. Starting with the house rye bread that is soft and warm with a light, crisp rye flavor and a nice char on the crust with seasoned butter and roasted garlic I knew I would be in for a treat.

To start I had a salmon gravlax dish with pickled beets, creme fraiche, celery leaf and horseradish that was a great combination of salty, creamy, acid and bitterness that captured traditional Scandinavian flavors. I also got to try the mustard soup with diver scallop. The mustard soup was carrot based and contained some chunks that provided nice textual variance without being too grainy or lumpy, and the scallop was cooked and seasoned absolutely beautifully and was complimented by the soup nicely. 

I then had the konjin in het zuur which was a rabbit leg confit with pickled cabbage, turnips, lardons, and smoked sausage that was rich and also reminiscent of Northern Europe. The confit fell apart and was supple and moist, the sausage was smoky and juicy, and the turnips provided a nice and interesting side starch. My girlfriend had the Amsterdam style mussels which had a nice beer flavor and seasonings that brought out the natural and delicate flavors of the mussels.

The desserts were also very good, and although we only ordered the almond butter cake and the bread pudding, the staff gave us the pear cake free of charge. The bread pudding was a nice sweet bite and was hearty and warming, the almond butter cake was extremely light and had a hint of lemon and was very nice, and the pear cake was nicely cakey and had a great slightly bitter caramel that did a nice job to reduce the natural sweetness of the cake.

Would recommend to anyone in the city. Very friendly service, great food, great value.
What a terrific meal!  I came with a large party for my parent's 40th anniversary and we all had a great time.  

The meal starts with bread served with roasted garlic.  The buzz about this bread should be heeded.  The crunchy tips and soft delicious bread went perfectly with the roasted garlic that spread like soft butter.

It took me forever to figure out which appetizer I wanted to order.  Luckily, we ordered a lot of different appetizers, so I had a chance to taste a bunch of this delicious food...
-The gravlax might have been my favorite.  Seared salmon served with pickled beets and creme fraiche.  This was cooked perfectly, the salmon was just the way I like it (barely cooked) and everything worked together to make the perfect bite.
-The smorrebrod was an array of open faced sandwiches with smoked seafood.  The prawn was very good, but my favorite was the smoked scallop, I had never had scallop prepared that way, it was terrific.
-The mustard Soup is served with a gigantic scallop on top.  The scallop gives a welcome change of texture for this tasty soup.  I enjoyed the slight tang of the mustard in the soup.  It is a creamy soup with a lot of flavor.  I would recommend it.  
-The brussel sprouts were served with scallion and creme fraiche.  Sprouts are delicious, and the cream put it over the top.  Very good.  

The entrees were pretty terrific as well
-I ordered the konijn in het zuur which is sort of like a rabbit stew with sausage and a thicker sauerkraut broth.   The broth had a bit of a tang to it, but not overwhelming.  The rabbit was delicious and the meaty flavor mixed with the tang worked very well.
-The cider braised pork shoulder was served with bacon, beans, and collards.  This made for a terrific dish that was well thought out and put together.  The flavors paired perfectly.  
-The pollack was also very tasty, but less of the flavors that I typically seek out.  The fish was paired with apple, green beans, sour cream and dill.   Very good in it's own right.  

We were not looking to eat dessert, but the server brought us some complimentary bread pudding.  I don't typically go for bread pudding, but this had a lot of flavor and a heartier texture than I have had in the past.  

When I first walked in, I was a little worried that this place was going to be sort of stuffy.  Not at all.  Very warm, the staff seemed to take pride in what they do.  Our server (Louis, Luis, Lewis... I never know how to spell that name) was terrific.  Very friendly, very approachable.  Perhaps one of the best servers that I've had at a restaurant.
After having trouble snagging a reservation at this highly popular So. Philly restaurant, I finally got here fairly early on a Sunday evening. I'm now very pleased to join the 5-star chorus in favor of Noord. Exceptional service, somewhat unusual Scandinavian menu, all exceptionally prepared. Everything, from the in-house bread at the start of the meal, through to the desserts (and even including the bathroom decor) totally pleasing. Note that the menu is a bit short on vegetarian options, but what they do, they do so well.
I had finally earned enough points on OpenTable to get a $100 gift cert. so where to use it, spoiler I used it at Noord. I have been wanting to go to Noord for quite some time and after going I am almost embarrassed that I didn't go sooner. The space is actually top notch, it's very nice inside and more importantly they don't pack you in there like some BYOs tend to do. The service was stellar and the waiter was patient with us while at the same time moving us along in the menu. We started off with a bunch of apps because I wanted to try everything, the menu here is so interesting. Started off with the head on prawns, the escargot, the mustard soup, and the heirloom tomato salad. Everything was top notch and I started to learn that at Noord they work to integrate a lot of flavor profiles together seamlessly. The result are dishes that have a lot of depth of flavor and really just make it that much enjoyable to eat. The mustard soup was the most interesting of the bunch. The surprise favorite though were the prawns they were perfectly cooked and the sauce they came with was exquisite. For entrees went with the Seafood Waterzooi and the Pollack. Once again the chefs hit it out of the park. The pollack was cooked perfectly and the thing that stood out the most with that dish was the pickled peaches, wow, just wow, I could eat just a plate full of those. The waterzooi was super interesting because it is definitely the progenitor to New England Clam Chowder except that it came with a lot more seafood. The flavors were just awesome and the broth was to die for, the potatoes that were in the broth were fantastic. I ended up requesting extra milk bread (the bread here is also fantastic) so that I could sop up all the extra broth. By the time the meal ended we were too full for dessert but we will be back in the near future.
My wife and I chose to come to Noord for our anniversary dinner as it had been on her radar for some time.  The restaurant itself is very cozy and we received a window seat which provided for a very enjoyable ambience.  The complementary bread with roasted garlic was excellent, and I am very happy I saved some to soak up the broath from my appetizer - clams with cabbage and sausage. This dish was good, though the little necks easily got lost in the dish. My wife ordered the mustard soup which we agreed was the highlight of the meal.

For our second course, we both opted for one if the daily specials. She ordered the whole striped bass with mussels, I ordered the fries qual and waffle.  Her fish was prepared well, though the skin quickly became soggy by the stewed veggies covering the fish's middle portion. The real downer was the mussels. Two out of the first three we tried weren't debearded. This stopped us from wanting to try the rest (it was a plentiful portion).  My waffle and chicken liver pate wee very tasty, however the fries qual was so salty it dried out my mouth like a gulp of sea water. I ended up sending it back, which was maybe the 2nd time I have ever sent food back.  One of our servers provided me with a emu to reselect. I chose the pork chop, which was very well prepared.

Overall, it was a pretty disappointing way to spend our 5 year anniversary dinner. Maybe we caught someone on a bad night, who knows. I will say, however, the service we received was excellent.
Had their prixe fixe menu during COVID and it was an excellent experience! Definitely recommend it. 

Ordered online on Wednesday for Friday pick up. They sell out quick so you have to order well in advance! One of the things that really stuck out to me was how nice and sincere the (Presumably) owner was. Very nice in his emails, when he called me to get credit card payment, and when he gave me my food. 

Food was packaged nicely and ready right on time. One thing that was weird was that everything except the bread was cold? So I wasn't sure when it was actually cooked which was different than the other places I've had take out from recently. Don't get me wrong, nothing was stale or mushy, but it threw us off at first. The snert (Split pea soup with bacon and sausage) was excellent. The tomato bisque was less heavy but delicious and with a nice kick of spices. The freshly baked bread which was AMAZING went perfectly with the tomato bisque. Had the pork and beans for an entree which was excellent with a delicious hint of mustard in the sauce. Also had the braised chicken which was good but just a bit bland and dry for me. The bread pudding was excellent and smelled fantastic - not too sweet. And the almond brittle was also good. We also ordered a pint of pickles which we haven't tried yet but look good. 

Excellent price for everything. Way too much food for one meal. Heavier food than many of the things we've ordered lately (Meat and potatoes kind of thing), but excellent for a muggy weekend inside. Again, felt like a very nice and sincerely run business. They even drew a heart on the side of my take out bag with my name in the middle. Not a big gesture, but its those things that make it feel like they really care about their customers. 

Definitely recommend going and checking them out and supporting their restaurant!
This place is fabulous. I loved everything we ordered, but what really made this experience over the top awesome for me was the service. Shout out to Louis for being funny and delivering amazing service, and to Joncarl for being a chef/owner that still gets a kick out of serving on the floor (and for recommending the plum cake ). We were delighted by both of you! 

We ordered the bitterballen (pork croquettes) and the mussels to start - both were delicious. I can't recommend ordering extra bread to soak up the tasty broth enough. For my entree, I had the pork chop which was perfectly cooked with the fat on the edges rendered down and crispy. My friends had the brisket, trout (which was prepared with corn and crab on the night we went) and the cod special whose name I forget but it was basically an extremely rich and flavorful cod au gratin - yum! I was the only one with any leftovers (because the chop was huge), so I can safely say my friends enjoyed their food as much as I did. 

We ordered the plum cake, and we were also brought the bread pudding and the butter almond cake as well. All of the desserts were very good - you cannot go wrong with any of them, but the plum cake was my personal favorite. 

We will definitely be back soon!
Came here for restaurant week. I ordered the Bitterballen and Pork Loin. The meal is also accompanied by rye bread and butter. 

The bread was quite good. It's a large soft chunk with caraway seeds that is lightly grilled. The crumb was very soft. 

The Bitterballen is a deep fried ball of unrecognizable pureed meats. There may have been fish in there? I couldn't tell. These meatballs were too mushy on the bite and had only vague remnants of actually meat protein. With this dish comes a little garnish of pickles and house salad. This seemed out of place for a meatball dish. 

For an entree I ordered the pork loin with smoked sausage. The pork loin was decently executed, though it did have some stick still on the bite. The small portion of sausage coins peppered throughout the dish were aromatic and savory. These were quite good. I found the sauce of this dish too be too thin and quite bland. It needed something to make it more savory. There wasn't much to be impressed with in this dish. 

My dessert, bread pudding, was well executed: soft and buttery and rich.
Had an incredible experience with a party of 10 for my birthday and they exceeded every expectation for both food and service.  We brought a variety of beverages for dinner (BYOB) and they were ready for all of it with glassware changes for each new bottle and attentive with opening bottles and pouring.  The appetizers were excellent, the bitterballen were cooked perfectly and they alerted us to only having enough shrimp for two servings right away so we could get an order in and it was worth it.   We had several entrees but the seared salmon and the pork shank were not to be missed.  The only safe play for desserts is to get all of them!  Thank for a fantastic night, we look forward to returning soon!
All around great dining experience! We really enjoyed the complimentary bread, but held off on seconds to make sure we could try the smorrebrod (everyone around us was ordering it too! Highly recommend), entree and dessert. The star of the meal was the pork shank. I can't describe how delicious this meal was - the pork, beans, greens... it was all  perfection. The desserts were great - we ordered one of the specials so I unfortunately can't remember the name. Service was great - attentive but not over the top. All around fantastic place for a nice dinner!
The food here is so very delicious. For brunch, I had sausage with sauerkraut, sunny side eggs and jewels of potatoes sweetly nestled within. The flavor? WHAT?? Holy Cow! I'm the girl at the table that says, "Can I have a salt shaker?" No need. Not just because there was enough salt...but that there was ENORMOUS flavor. Crazy delicious.  We had beautiful drinks...beet bloody marys, our byo vodka and Champaign gave us mimosas as well, bottomless superb French press coffee, delicious molasses waffles, brisket...but as corny as it may sound... love. This place is special. The owners have the gift of hospitality as the eating experience, which is amazing, is just part of the dazzling experience that we had today. The owners were delightful, attending to our table, allowing us to linger, taking our time with our food and the connection that comes with a good meal. This place is special. I can't say enough...I'm just going to keep having beautiful weekend brunches here .
The ambience was great. Just shy of too loud, despite being near capacity and having an open kitchen.

Service was top notch. Our waiter was fantastic. Funny as hell, but also kind and considerate. Lewis I think his name was? He is half the reason to come here.

The food... All was good. The must-haves: Bitterballen (mix with the mustard and vegetables), prawns (dip the bread in the sauce), the shellfish soup, and we had two specials that were fantastic (quail and charcoute).

This our second visit. It won't be our last. It really is an extremely unique menu but still an extremely comfortable dining experience. You feel at home.
This place is the tops. I've been twice now and thoroughly enjoyed myself while dining here. While not a large restaurant, the first time I came it was with a large party and Noord accommodated us well. We didn't feel squished in or that our large party was bothersome to the other diners. Our waiter was fantastic. I'd come back just for the wait staff experience alone. My last visit my companion accidentally made reservations for the following evening but they were more than happy to seat us that night. Just spectacular.

Each meal is preceded by a serving of bread with butter and roasted garlic. It is delicious and a great way to start off your meal. I've tried a number of their of appetizers and the gravlax, seared salmon with pickled beets, is my favorite and I definitely recommend it. The entree selection offers more adventurous fare as well as the tried and true. I have had the pollack and the haddock and enjoyed both.

I've declined dessert each time I've come but ended up with bread pudding anyway! It's delicious and I should stop denying that I want it. I'm usually too full, but somehow make room because it's worth it.

I absolutely recommend visiting this charming BYOB. You will not be disappointed.
Really cute little spot in passyunk. We've been wanting to go here for years! We got the mussels which were impeccable--probably the best part of the meal. The croquettes were also really delicious. For entrees, my boo had the salmon which was like a brothy dish. I had the meatballs which were very well done, but not what I was expecting (they were very Smokey and BBQy).
AWESOME, awesome, awesome! Everything about our dinner exceeded our expectations. The food was absolutely scrumptious and the service out of this world! We were celebrating a friend's birthday and they went above and beyond to make his night special. They even brought the birthday boy more of his favorite dessert -- on the house! All of our food was delicious, so it's hard to pick our favorite things. 

Appetizers: Bitterballen (meatballs), frisée and Gouda salad, four grilled head on prawns; fantastic bread and butter 

Main courses: pan roasted Amish chicken thighs, cider braised pork shoulder, shellfish choucroute, and a Slavic special (bacon wrapped meatloaf) 

Desserts: all of them + a special one they made for the birthday boy

Will definitely be returning!
The grilled bread with butter and roasted garlic that came to our table before the meal was just incredible.  Almost too good.  

I ordered the vinegar-braised rabbit (with smoked sausage, lardons, baby turnips, and sour cabbage), and I think it was perfectly executed.  The rabbit was just so tender it was falling apart; the braising sauce was very astringent and especially delicious when punctuated with a bite of smoked sausage or what looked like mustard seeds.  Honestly, the only thing they could have done to improve this dish was give me more of that grilled bread.
Everything about this restaurant was a win. I give it only 4/5 stars because my partner wasn't as impressed with the food as I was (I chock it up to his less than refined taste buds), but I thought the food and service were top notch. We came for restaurant week. $35 for a three-course meal that had us loosening our belts half-way through our main courses. The pork meat balls were savory and soft, the brussels sprouts had the perfect amount of subtle seasoning and butteriness and tasted, well, like elevated brussels sprouts. The cod was where we disagreed---It truly was divine but my partner's complaint was that it was too creamy. I gladly sopped the cream up with their anise-y bread. We also shared a main of mussels, sausage, and sauerkraut that we fought over. 
The bread pudding won for dessert, but we were both too stuffed to finish it, as good as it was. All in all, a fantastic experience.
Any place that has gravlax is ok with me.

Gravlax, carrots 3 ways, and sea bass with mussels special were all tasty, and the portion of the sea bass was HUGE, even for 2.

Our server was cute, though service generally seemed a bit indifferent.
This is a review of the recent Noord popup, but we are planning to go to opening night next week, so I'll be updating this soon...

Chef Joncarl Lachman's Noord is probably one of the 3 most eagerly anticipated restaurant openings in Philadelphia this year (I would say Cheu Noodle Bar and Serpico are the other two).  Joncarl, whom I had a chance to hang out with a few weeks ago at Fond, is best known for HB Home Bistro, his New American BYOB in Chicago (Michelin Guide 2012: Recommendation), which he will be retaining ownership of, but is turning the kitchen over to his CdC.  With Dutch parents and having grown up in Philly, he's now returned home to open what will undoubtedly be one of the most unique restaurants in Philly's thriving BYOB scene, and right in the center of it all, East Passyunk Ave.

With that as a backstory, a group of 4 of us (including @PhillyFoodDude, who arranged the outing) were excited to take in a popup preview of Noord, held at The Farm & Fisherman on April 22nd.  Noord itself will be opening on May 8th.

There was an early and a late (8PM) seating, and we were fortunate to pick the latter, since it gave us the opportunity to linger over our meal and chat with the chef afterwards.

Here is the menu (verbatim; don't ask me to translate!).  Between Google and chatting with Joncarl, it is apparent that the meal featured cuisine from a number of northern European countries, as will Noord.  At least a couple of these dishes will appear on the opening menu.

DE BOERDERIJ EN VISSER - menukaart (see photos)

AMUSE-BOUCHE:
Maatjesharing (pickled fish, cucumber, pickled onion, toasted whitebread rusk)--We actually had this as our second dish (may have been a mistake).  As Google indicates, this is "soused" or lightly pickled fish (presumably herring, but I didn't ask), a Dutch classic.  Interesting, but not exactly wine-friendly or my appetizer of choice.  Which brings up the point that this is not the easiest of cuisines to pair wine with, whether that is due to my inexperience with it or its inherent nature, I don't know.  Beer might be a better bet, perhaps.  But we did what we thought was best, and enjoyed the experience.

~2007 Peter Jakob Kühn Oestricher Lenchen Riesling Kabinett

1ST COURSE:
Lohikeitto (Finnish salmon chowder, with leeks, cream, dill, parsley, savory-ish cookie)--I only had a couple of spoonfuls of this, but it was the consensus Dish of the Night, smooth, rich with seafood flavor and herbs, and likely to be on the opening menu.

-or-

Snert (Dutch pea soup, with smoked sausage, braised pork, mustard, rye)--My choice, this was closer to refried beans than soup in consistency, or as Joncarl said: "The spoon should stand upright in it!"  Not my necessarily my favorite dish of the evening, but favor-full and satisfying--a great wintery dish that I enjoyed.  And no, it is not named after Hagar the Horrible's cartoon dog (but I assume the dog was named after this dish, amusing given that was one of my favorite cartoons growing up and it's taken me until now to make the connection!).


2ND COURSE:
Suriname Curry Lamb Shoulder (Madame Jeanette pepper, buttered pigeon peas, and mint)--My choice, a slightly sweet, dark curry, more of a ragu in my mind, with the shock of the chili on the side.  Overshadowed by the Zuurkool (wasn't that one of the demons in Ghostbusters?), but I would definitely order this again.

-or-

Pan Roasted Quail (or thrush) Zuurkool (with Dutch sauerkraut, roasted fingerling potatoes, and apple gastrique)--Another dish that was among our favorites, utterly tender, with a sweetness from the apple that balanced the acid of the sauerkraut.

-or-

Konijn in het Zuur (Rabbit marinated in vinegar, wild boar belly lardons, turnips, brussels sprouts, caraway butter, and brasing jus)--Another dish everyone enjoyed sharing, again quite wintery, and the tender, moist meat avoided the overcooking so common in rabbit dishes.

~2010 Veramonte Pinot Noir Ritual

3RD COURSE:
Shellfish and smoked salmon waterzooi--I only had a bite, but this was a much lighter fish stew than the other choice.

-or-

Shellfish zuurkool (shellfish steamed with braised cabbage, and pork bits)--My choice, this was a huge plate of mussles, clams and other goodies, in a rich dark sauce thick with porky cabbage.  The opposite extreme from moules frites, but I wish I had some frites and a dark beer to go with it.

~2009 Ernst Bretz Gewürztraminer Spätlese

This is Part 1 of a 2-part review...click the link below to see Part 2...
The best part of this experience was the inimitable server Luis, whose quick wit was as salty and enjoyable as the grilled gravlax. Luis provides professional service at the highest level, at the same time making you feel like you're a guest in his own home. 

Not far behind Luis' service was the astonishing, delectable, and unusual (for the USA) food. The cuisine of the countries around North Sea is fantastic for lovers of salt and fish, though there are many other choices on the menu as well.

The endive and apple salad was fresh, crispy and delicious. The mustard soup was our favorite appetizer, with a mustard broth (think whole mustard seeds, not the condiment), sweet/delicate scallops, and a caviar garnish.  The grilled gravlax is neither like a typical salmon dish, nor like typical lox. It's salt-cured, and lightly seared, with a kind of "raw" finish on the inside. This dish reminded me of the classic Scandinavian Gravlax I had at a real Swedish wedding and it was just as delicious, served with bracing, spicy horseradish (but not TOO spicy), celery leaf sour cream, and pickled rind.

I chose the Snert for a main course, which is a breaded and fried whitefish with split peas, bacon, sausage, and malt vinegar aioli.  I have to warn you that you should come here hungry. Maybe eat just a salad for lunch before you eat dinner at Noord in the wintertime. There is a lot of food which is an excellent value---and the bread, baked by the best baker in Philadelphia, and served with fresh butter and soft, spreadable cloves of roasted garlic, is so delicious that you will want to eat all of it.  The Snert was very good white fish and proved to be a hearty meal for a chilly winter's night.

(My companion had the Salmon "Lohikeitto" with chowder, leeks, baby potatoes, coriander and other herbs, and raved about it. I'll have to try it next time).

The dessert of Chocolate Bark was perfect with coffee and the dregs of my bottle of BYO pinot noir... 

Feeling sated, warm, and thoroughly taken care of by Luis and the two talented chefs who are in full view during dinner, I immediately fell asleep when I got home, drifting into dreams of Viking ships and Valkyries hovering over the battlefield like birds over their prey....
So how does a friend write a review for a friends new restaurant - The answer is tell the truth.

The buzz has been all about the hot chef from Chicago coming to Philadelphia.  We folks - He as arrived!

Joncarl has arrived with Bob and Erin from Chicago as well.  A  great way to experience NOORD is to make sure they are all present when you visit and visit you must.

When they first told us that they were coming to Philadelphia a few years back I thought -  Great a new Center City restaurant -  When they decided to open in East Passyunk I thought I would never make it there.  Living in Wash West we folks never go anywhere within a 6 block radius.  

I am SO glad we ventured out of our comfort zone last night and strolled down to Passyunk.  

The menu looked so delicious I had a hard time making up my mind about what to order.  Both Erin and Bob were helpful with making suggestions as to what to order.

My BF and I started with the Clams Lilly's  - YUMMY and beyond  - We then both had the pork and salmon bitterballen.   I have been craving bitterballen since my visit to Amsterdam.  There is an expression - "no expectations, no disappointments"   They were incredible!

Our entrees were the Rabbit with Zuurkool and Seafood Waterzooi -  Seth said to me after his first bite "I know they are our friends but this unbelievably delicious"

We were both blown away how delicious everything was and nothing over salted as it is in many restaurants these days.

For dessert I had the apricot tart and Seth had the Dutch almond butter cake -  Mine was delicious but next time the Dutch Almond Butter cake no questions asked.  I kept trying to take some of his and he said   "you have your own"  :-)

The walk home to wash west was great since I had eaten so much.  

We are so happy to have our friends in town but more excited to have a great new place to eat.

For those of you wondering if it was a bad experience that we had, would I have written a review -  That answer is YES -  I am an equal opportunity reviewer.
I arrived with my partner on a Friday night and our table wasn't ready yet.  We said we'd go grab a cocktail at a nearby restaurant and a server considerately offered to refrigerate our beverages.  We came, back and were guided to a beautiful table near the window by a manager.  Our server, a young lady, greeted us, chatted about the menu, made excellent recommendations, and let us know when we were to the point of ordering too much food.  The complimentary bread (with melted garlic butter), chicken and duck liver, celery cream soup, and fried pork meatballs were all fantastic!  Then our main course was brought out by the chef himself!  Rabbit confit and pork shank- whoa!  Get them!  We skipped dessert despite how great they sounded and headed off with a very warm goodbye from all the staff- even the chef hollered "Thank you!  Have a good night!" down the block after us!  They were extremely attentive, but definitely not irritating or over bearing, very friendly.  And the quality of the food is at the top of my list to date, in terms of Philadelphia restaurants.  Check out the menu online before so you can bring beverages that pair nicely.  But keep in mind, there will be a few verbal specials too!  So good.  Unreal good.
This is one of the best BYOBs in the Greater Philadephia Area! 

My party of 3 shared the following dishes:

Amsterdam-style Mussels (Beer, anise, potato, herb butter, garlic, fennel seed, fried potatoes)

The Mussels were extremely fresh, cooked perfectly and they were served with a broth that was so good you wanted to drink it. The fried potatoes on the side served with remoulade were also terrific.   
Grade: 93/100

Brisket Hashee (Braised red cabbage, potatoes, chunky vegetables, clove, sour cream)

Imagine if you took the highest quality version of the ingredients listed above and cooked them in a pressure cooker or a crock pot for hours on end. This dish was stick-to-your-ribs good and is packed with nostalgia. 
Grade: 96/100

"Gehaktballen" Dutch Sirloin Meatballs (Carrot mash, spinach, lingonberry onion jam)

This will change your perspective about what meatballs can taste like. It was a terrific combination of gamey and decadent -- the lingonberry onion jam goes a long way to balance out the richness.
Grade: 89/100

Konijn in het Zuur (Vinegar-steeped rabbit leg, smoked sausage, lardons, baby turnips, zuurkool) 

Upon tasting this dish, each and every member of our party made a comment to the effect of, "I've never tasted something like this before." Turning us all into raving fans of rabbit leg is a mighty feat and this may very well be the most composed dish I've had in any restaurant in Philadelphia. Bursting with black-pepper flavor and balanced with vinegary undertones, this dish was a surefire winner. 
Grade: 98/100

They also served us fresh-baked poppyseed bread which was delicious, but I recommend you save room for as many entrees as possible.
Great food here--I had the fish stew and the heirloom tomato salad.  My favorite thing was the bread with a fennel butter--I know that sounds crazy but it was really unique and I love fennel. Both main dishes were great. Service was excellent--fun and attentive. It's BYOB which is great also.
Best meal I've had in months, and I just visited Paris!

We've been wandering around East South Philly for a week while a family member is in the hospice at Methodist. We finally discovered East Passyunk and all the great restaurants. A friend recommended Noord. And I owe him a big wet kiss. We arrived right at 5 when they opened, our own beer in hand (thanks BYOB). After a week of eating quick meals near the hospital, Noord was a little slice of heaven.

The entire staff was friendly, and helpful. We started with the meatballs. Fab! I had the mussels/clams/shrimp with pork and sausage. Best ever. My hubby had the haddock and dubbed it the perfect meal.

Do yourself a favor and eat here. We'll be back next time we visit Philly.
Unbelievable little gem in East Passyunk. We moved here in November and went to Noord our first time in December. The atmosphere is great for a nice quiet dinner. The Chef/Owner of the restaurant takes his time to come and speak to you about the specials. The food is amazing and you cannot go wrong with the time of day you go!
Noord is on our short list of Philadelphia's very best.  Outstanding food, warm & welcoming service from friendly and knowledgeable staff, and inviting atmosphere add up to an unbeatable experience.  Joncarl, Jonathan, and the whole team are alWays a joy to deal with.  Thank you!!
I cannot recommend this restaurant enough.  Amazing food that is only topped by the staff. Louis and Jo went above and beyond to make our evening special.  Truly one of the best dining experiences in Philadelphia.
**BRUNCH REVIEW**

Kind of a trek for me coming all the way from University City, but I thought it would be worth trying since I've always wanted to go to Copenhagen and try its cuisine.

1) The place is small and quaint. Decor is done minimally, but what is there is cute. My friends and I sat by the window, so we got a beautiful view.

2) The menu is rather small as well-- not too much variety, but I found myself torn between a couple of dishes (always a good sign). I ended up going for the Seasonal Vegetable Hash (since I primarily eat vegetarian and sometimes chicken), which came with a saute of market vegetables, red potatoes, fresh herbs, lemon, and two sunny side eggs. For $12, this dish felt a little underwhelming. It essentially was a heaping of veggies with eggs. I couldn't really taste any distinct lemon or herb flavoring (which is what I was looking forward to). The potatoes were tasty.

3) Our table ordered the deep fried french toast to split, which was amazing. Fully soaked and totally flavorful. The strawberry flavor came through well.

Overall, couldn't really say that I indulged in a Scandinavian experience but still glad I tried this place nonetheless. Would be curious to see how the dinner is, and if this place is better for meat/fish lovers.
Truly a great spot for dinner in winter! We had a fairly late reservation (9PM) so they were a bit late seating us and could not have been nicer or more apologetic about it. The staff was unbelievably warm, kind and accommodating. If you're going, the bread and Brussel sprouts are must haves and really anything on the dessert menu if great. Absolutely one of the best restaurants in Philadelphia and probably THE best BYO spot I've been to
I took my parents here for my mom's and my birthday based on a friend's suggestion, and it completely blew me away.

I had the rabbit's leg, my mom had the meat balls, and my dad had the brisket. Usually, we taste each others meals, and decide who the winner is, but this time, we thought every meal was equally amazing. We all finished every bite, including my mom, who never finishes a full plate at  a restaurant.

The place is tiny and intimate, with an open kitchen. I'd highly recommend getting a reservation, because I can see this place filling up quick. We went for a special meal, but the prices are great. I'd go here just for dinner when I feel like splurging a bit. All the entrees are under $30, and it's BYOB. 

The service is really what won the night, though. I guess because it's so small, the staff has time to not only take your order, but talk to you. We had a full conversation with the waiter and the owner, who gave my parents suggestions of places to go on a planned trip to Amsterdam. The owner is really passionate about the Netherlands and Dutch food to almost a giddy degree. He's a gem. When I originally tried to ask for the check, we mentioned that a lot of birthdays were happening there and it's our birthday, too, but we don't like making a big deal about it, he ran off mid conversation and excitedly brought us back spoonfuls of bread pudding with candles, and wrote a birthday message for us in chalk. No singing or anything, it was just a special moment for our table alone. He and the rest of the staff really made us feel special. 

I want to go back here as much as I can afford to.
Awesome experience - a MUST in Philly!

I was blown away by this restaurant. There were a couple of lower points, but the highs were so high that it didn't even matter. Come with an empty stomach and ready to eat because as our server said, there is nothing small about this restaurant! 

Our server Louis was an absolute riot - without him, I imagine Noord would be a different experience. He was wonderful, addressed me by my name, and would also answer any questions that we had about literally anything. And of course, the food was fantastic. Here are highlights: 

- The house bread. My date said it was the best bread he had had in a restaurant ever (and we go to a lot of restaurants). I agree. 
- Bitterballen - essentially fried meatballs but better! - Smorrebrod - the quintessential Scandinavian way of eating and a must! 
- Norwegian Salmon - really delicious. Cooked in a more vinegar-y style but really quite delicious and unexpected. 
- "Lekkerbekjes" on Snert - I was less of a fan of this one. If you love battered fish, this is great, but for me personally it was too heavy for me. 
- Dessert - we had the buttercake and the bread pudding. Although the butter cake was good, our server was wonderful in nudging us to get the bread pudding, which was outstanding. If you're looking for just one dessert, get the bread pudding! 

A fantastic place. Highly recommended and I'll be telling all my friends about it!
I must admit I usually don't write reviews but I have to say something about Noord.  We ate here on Saturday night and it exceeded my expectations based on reading other reviews.  Three of us went to dinner and although we carefully guarded our own plates since they were so good I did get a chance to try some of my dining partners choices.  I started with the Cauliflower Vichyssoise which was spicy and delicious followed by the Shellfish Waterzooi filled with clams mussels and prawns.  I loved the shellfish and must admit ate my fill of bread to soak up the fantastic creamy broth.  Oh yeah I forgot to mention the bread!!  I could have eaten a loaf of this myself!!  I tried the soft shell crabs that one of my partners had and they were so good I wanted to come back the next day and order some.  I also tried the mushroom and walnut pate from our other dining partner and I could have eaten it all nite!!  I am not exaggerating here folks, I loved loved loved this place.  In addition to great food service was outstanding and the room is wonderful.  All of the windows were opened that nite with a nice breeze and a view of the fountain.  We even got to share in after-dinner drinks offered by the table dining next to us!!  All in all we had a great dinner and fantastic experience. If I lived in Philadelphia ( I was visiting friends)  I would be here all the time!!
What an awesome hidden gem on Passyunk!  I wasn't overly excited for Scandinavian food either. I don't know any fat swedes and never thought their food was particularly good but Noord was fantastic. 

This moderately-priced BYO had great food, quality ambience, and incredible service. Everyone that worked there was so nice, asking us to come back, and being genuinely tickled that we enjoyed the cuisine. 

We got the smoked fish appetizer, which was really good, particularly the scallop. Both entrees were delicious and the dessert was really good as well. 

We sat at the "bar" instead of a traditional table--mostly due to circumstance, but watching the three chefs handle the cooking load was fun, educational, and interesting.
This restaurant was a suggestion by my daughter.  She did her research and we decided to try it.  And what a great surprise!  The food is a dutch/german type.  No burgers here, just great food.  First,  the restaurant itself is small,  about 15 tables,  so reservations highly recommended. But superclean and white table cloth dining.  The service was amazing.  Our server,  Louis, was knowledgeable and fun to talk to.  His suggestion for appetizers was spot on,  and he kept it light and fun.  The food was great! My wife had the Kip Kerrie I had the sirloin meatballs.  The kip Kerrie was a bit spicy but not very much  so to take over the flavor.  The meatballs,  were huge. About the size of a fist,  and came on a helping of carrot /potato mash.  Such good flavor.  If you find yourself in  Philly,  please try this place,  you won't regret it.
4.5 stars 
Excellent. First discovered their food when attending an Audrey Claire Cook class. They baked delicious bread for us that day and the staff was exceptional. 
Definitely stop by.
