Wow this was a very unexpected delicious discovery. This place is super cute and very casual, but with food on par with Tequilas and El Vez for a fraction of the cost (around $10). Perfect for a birthday dinner or girls night out, because they also provide a fantastic fresh margarita mix (also BYOB!). All of the food was truly delicious with large portions. I loved my taco salads, it was so good and refreshing, and not heavy like in other places. The chicken nachos were perfect, as well as the guacamole. For dessert we got fresh churros. Highly recommend if you are in the area!
.. with great disappointment, I must update my 5 star review as the only redeeming aspect left of Nora's is Evelin.

After going here for a year and inviting other friends to join, Nora's service and food quality has drastically dropped off. We must have been here upwards of 75 times. The meat, preparation, and service has become subpar over time. The Al Pastor is no longer of good quality, and the customer service is non-existent.

After arriving to Nora's a half hour before close, we were constantly reminded by the employee, Jessica, that they close in 30 minutes.. someone who has taken our order countless times and we've left over 20% tip every. single. time, testifying to how well we treated Nora's and the lack of reciprocation. 

Mind you this is not a sit down and order restaurant, you order at the counter. Food takes no more than 15 minutes to prepare. And, for the record, we were even out of Nora's by 9:56pm, 4 minutes prior to close. If you want to be out of work earlier, close earlier. We didn't arrive at 9:56 and demand you keep your kitchen open. This is the food service industry, I and countless other employees stay past close every time when working in this industry. Don't make your customers feel unwelcomed, burdensome, and annoying for attending your place of business inside the hours of operation.

Furthermore, during checkout the software charges an EXCESS fee of $60 to my card, over double the $28 meal. This alone is an accident, something I do not fault Nora's for. However the handling of the situation I do.

The server tells us we must speak to a manager. She tells us a manager will be in first thing tomorrow and she is unable to fix this. 

When calling today to speak with a manager about the charge discrepancy today, I am told "I don't know" when asking when a manager will be in and abruptly hung up on. I call back and receive the same treatment, giving me attitude this time and hanging up on me.

EDIT: I call back Nora's back later and I am laughed at by "Joey", told "I already told you buddy, I don't know." and hangs up on me. All Joey told me was "I don't know". Originally when calling he even answered the phone and didn't acknowledge me for 15s, talking in the background to other employees. I call back repeatedly and still "Joey" answers. He can only say "I don't know", laugh, and hang up. Finally says I should come back at "9am tomorrow", 2 and a half hours before open. That sounds like a great plan, right? Completely disrespectful and disgraceful, gone from bad service and food to disgusting behavior and intentionally antagonizing customers. Inability to provide a window of time to contact the manager about a charge that is over 300% of the meal is outrageous, especially after the first window was inaccurate. In the time "Joey" took to mock and antagonize, he could have contacted his manager and determined a feasible window of time. Nonetheless, Wells Fargo will handle this discrepancy and strike the whole charge, an excessive annoyance for a place we've now given excessive business to be treated so disrespectfully. 

Fast forward, when we received our meal, the servings were less than 50% and the preparation was awful. The food was cold and tasted worse than ever. My friend's nachos were not even 50% of the plate and ours were so subpar I couldn't even stomach the Tacos.

My friends and I will no longer be patrons to this place and will NOW be ACTIVELY discouraging others from doing so as well after how we've been treated. I am not arrogant enough to believe that will impact their business, but others should be aware before  spending their money here. I am saddened as this was once one of my favorite taco spots, but now neither the food nor the service justify eating here.
No more going to chipotle for me. This place might be far from were I work, but it's definitely worth it!!! AUTHENTIC MEXICAN!!! YES AUTHENTIC!! everything here is home made! Great people! Restaurant is not bad at all! They have the best churos ever!!!
Former SF resident, born and raised in the Bay Area. Been searching for a burrito I could devour with sheer delight. Nora's has finally delivered. 

Still not quite an El Castillito or La Taqueria or La Cumbre, but definitely hits the spot when we need one! Tasty salsa and guac too. Watch out, the burrito bowls are delivered on a plate, not a bowl. But still delicious...
Nora, you deserve nothing less than 5 stars. 

This place is the definition of a hole in the wall, don't walk too quickly down south - you might miss it! The location is pretty small so whether you want to order food and eat it there or take it home, the only factor is how loudly is your stomach growling. I prefer takeout from here and there is no difference in the quality! There have only been two employees each time I've been there, but they are friendly and efficient. I usually have my order in a few minutes!

These tacos are made to PERFECTION. My favorites are the AL Pastor Taco (pork) and the Fish Taco. SO SO SO SO GOOD. Have 1, Have 10, they are amazing. They have a very simple and straightforward menu with tacos, burritos and burrito "bowls" (they are served in plates) and that's all they need because the food speaks for itself. You also find your standard guac chips and salsa on the menu. The prices are incredibly cheap which isn't what makes the food so good, it just makes it even better! 1 taco is $2.50 and has a lot of deliciously seasoned meat on it.

Do yourself a favor and stop in.. these tacos are worth every bite and will keep you coming back for more.
I moved to philly from California 8 years ago and this is the FIRST time I haven't been disappointed with the Mexican food I've tried. Not only am I not disappointed, I can't rave enough-- I'm in love! Mild addiction- my boyfriend and I have visited 3 times in the past week. Delicious grilled chicken, rice, beans, salad and choice of sauce all for $6. Plus a soda! I would take a photo but I've already devoured my plate...
Quaint little spot with overflow seating upstairs. Came with the wife and the kids (1 and 4) on a Saturday evening when in town. 

Place was pretty busy for the time but the service was very friendly and helpful. 

Ended up with the taco platter (al pastor and fish) with rice and beans as well as some crispy taquitos. The tacos were small but good and the sauces provided were all great. Complimentary margaritas were provided too which was a nice touch and the place is byob, bonus in my book. 

Food service was a bit on the slow side but not the worst I've had. Tacos were good although if we had to do over we would probably get empanadas instead of the tacquitos. Worth a try.
Excellent food, friendly folk, great value!

I live in the neighborhood and generally head down to the Washington Avenue part of town for my Mexican fix. I am so glad that Nora's moved a couple of blocks away. The food is excellent, cheap, the service is friendly.

Highly recommend the fish tacos- fish is not breaded- a big plus! The al pastor is also excellent. The burritos are sizeable. The horchata delicious. 

Go there. You won't be sorry.
A solid, not-too-expensive taco joint on south street! With the likes of El Vez and Mission Taqueria in town, it's nice to find a more affordable options for good tacos without venturing into south philly. For the location and price, I enjoyed my meal of zucchini tacos! The veggies were filling, and pretty tasty. We also shared some chips and guacamole for the table, which was good as well. My friends tried a variety of the other tacos, and enjoyed those as well. 
I did see a delicious looking plate of nachos on the table next to us, and am eager to return and try those as well!
Nora's is absolutely delicious! I ordered the chicken over rice with mole sauce and the chicken tacos. Both had tender pieces of chicken and lots of fresh veggies. On another day, we ordered a steak taco and al pastor (pineapple infused roasted pork) taco and those, too, was great. The rice dish included your choice of black or pinto beans (or both). You get a can of soda or bottle of water with your chicken over rice and there are some items in the place that are not mentioned on the menu (i.e. tacquitos, enchiladas, churros!!!). The churros rival those in a Garces restaurant. The food is great, the prices are great, and service is always met with a smile. This is why I've raised my initial 4 star review to a well-deserved 5 stars. I hope they keep doing what they're doing.
The food here is excellent & cheap. They have $7 burrito bowls that are delicious.! It's kind of small inside but the have a table or two outside . They also have Mexican soda which is very good highly reccomended
One word: perfection. We ordered twice in one weekend because we were floored by the quality, care and love exhibited through the food. My fiancé had eaten there multiple times and prompted me to try. I'm a total fan now! Thank you for the love during the trying times of this world! We've noticed that other restaurants aren't taking the time to put into their cuisine.
Came to Nora's on a total whim, with a text from the boyfriend after a long day of work: 'Wanna get tacos?' Yeah, alright I guess.... Obviously my expectations were a bit low. But I couldn't be happier we went! Easily some of the best tacos I've had in Philly.

The fish tacos (sea bass) were busting at the seams with the flakiest, most savory bits, and the entire thing was drenched in some kind of crack sauce. I got one on the $2 taco Tuesday special, and am already planning to go back for a plate. Or two. My boyfriend got the chicken - which we agreed are the true test of a good taco joint. Usually the garbage option, to be honest..... but not here! Juicy, flavorful, savory, with a little bit of a kick. Oh okay Nora's, you good.

Another shining star was the spicy guacamole that came on the house with the fresh tortilla chips. That guac was as spicy as I always *want* guac to be. Also delicious to smother your tacos in. 

After a long day of people-watching on ratchet South Street, come here! Don't miss this place.
After a few beers down the street, I decided to grab something to eat before heading home and wanted something other than pizza or cheese steaks. A buddy of mine that lives in the neighborhood directed me to Noras. It's a traditional taquqeria with burritos, tacos and a few other Mexican goodies. I opted for the carne asada burrito and got my son 3 steak tacos. The burrito was Very good, although more Americanized with the rice in it. Still a VERY good burrito, although not super authentic. The tacos were exactly what you'd expect from a Mexican street taco. We also got an order of chips and guacamole, which was very good. Definitely a good place to grab a bite to eat.
Popped into this spot on a whim and their Tacos Al Pastor were pretty fantastic! My partner snagged themselves a chicken burrito and the look on their face said it all. Glad we stumbled into this place; we WILL be coming back!

Oh, and they had my favorite flavor of Jarritos Mexican soda there too!
Solid Mexican food. I lived in LA for 10 years & I would say that the tacos are authentic, solid, but not mind-blowing. The pastor was good. The fish taco was ordinary. The yellow rice was ho-hum. 

I also ordered a tamarind soda which was simply a Jarritos soda. Again, nothing special. 

If Im hungry for Mexican I'd order it again, but it won't make me c-c-c-rave Mexican like others allude to. Solid. Not outstanding.
I have ordered a variety of tacos and the guacamole/chips. I have always been very pleased with the quality and quantity of the food. 

Fresh guacamole and chips are really good. 

The carne asada tacos are very full of meet and definitely some of the best I've had. 

The low score is because of the SLOW delivery time. They say 30-40 minutes and tonight's order took 1 hr and 55 minutes!  Terrible service.
Delicious! Let me start by saying that this place doesn't look like others on South St. It doesn't stand out much and my husband and I walked right past it twice before finding it! Once we got there, we were greeted by a wonderful person named Jessica who was taking orders and she was so friendly and kind! She greets everyone with a smile and a giggle  The food was just amazing. Authentic and tasty. I had the fish taco (grilled and seasoned so well) and hubby had the chicken which he said was really good. Though they charge a dollar for EACH taco that gets guacamole on top, it was well worth the price. We will most definitely be coming back and thank you Jessica for your kind service
Exquisite Mexican Food, affordable prices and generously amount of food. Flavor...Delicious! Served by owners Luis & Nora. CASH ONLY!!! Not too much space to seat.
Awesome place for cheap eats! I came here with a friend not feeling to hungry but needing a quick snack. I've been trying to save money, so their single tacos for $2.50 saved the day for me. Got the Al Pastor, and thought it tasted good. I took it to go, so it was slightly soggy by the time I ate it, but the serving was large enough that I didn't care! 

Will definitely come back here again the next time I'm at work.
My go to spot for burritos. I've eaten plenty in this city and for the price, these are some of the best around.
Best place to eat. Delicious food and great deal. Comes with free bottled drink. Definitely recommend this place
I work near Nora's and order lunch from there frequently.  I typically order the grilled chicken over rice, which comes with your choice of 5 or 6 sauces... though I almost always go with my ride-or-die; creamy chipotle!  The platter comes with a small salad as well, which in their new to-go containers is separated so the lettuce stays cool and fresh - an underrated difference-maker.  

The people at the counter that take the order over the phone and payment when I arrive are always extremely pleasant and always have the order ready on time.  I definitely recommend checking it out!
I'm giving this place five stars because the tacos are the best I've had in south Philly. The neat is marinated and grilled and they don't skimp out on you either. Three tacos loaded with toppings will fill you up. I just wish they delivered  everyday.
Omg- this place is nothing less than amazing! Currently my favorite thing to order is the fish & chicken tacos. I've only been 3 times but it is soooo worth it! For one the staff are amazing & then the prices are literally unbeatable! 3 very filling tacos only cost me like 6-7 bucks! Pshhh, chipotle who? I'm telling you, if you've never been here you gotta go! I don't really know what "authentic" Mexican food is, but their food is GOOD! They cook using lots of flavors, but everything still has this touch of simplicity, oh and not to mention, it's fresh! It's a "hole in the wall" type of place but you'll notice it when you see the Rita's water ice because it's literally like right across the street! Nora's is very easy to skip over
I ordered food from Nora's for the last time today. After trying to order food and pay with my card, I found out my card was turned off by my bank. I informed the cashier that I would go withdraw some money from the bank around the corner and asked if I could go ahead and order and pay when I get back. She assured me that this was OK. 

After returning to Nora's and attempting to pay for my food, I realized that they hadn't started making it yet. The cashier said the owner overheard the conversation and told them not to make any food until I came back with money in hand. Most restaurants don't even require payment until the food is ready in the first place. I told the cashier to return my money and that they had list a loyal customer. I found the interaction completely disrespectful, and shows me the attitude Nora's had to its customers. No thank you.
Great new spot for quick, delicious, affordable tacos and burritos.  It reminds me of the mission style taquerias that I miss so much since moving back from San Francisco. The vegetarian option with corn and zucchini is fantastic. The owners, Luis and Nora, are very nice as well.
The food is always amazing here ! The prices are really good. Staff is always welcoming and friendly! The menu has a great variety to select from. The place is nice in side has two floors, you can sit downstairs or upstairs. Can pay cash or card.
I ordered takeout from here and they were very friendly over the phone. My food was ready exactly on time and my tacos were absolutely delicious!
Delicious food and great service. Was pleasantly surprised. We had the steak torta, taco combo, quesadillas, and nachos. Everyone enjoyed their meals and they made adjustments for the kids without any problems.
.. with great disappointment, I must update my 5 star review as the only redeeming aspect left of Nora's is Evelin.

After going here for a year and inviting other friends to join, Nora's service and food quality has drastically dropped off. We must have been here upwards of 75 times. The meat, preparation, and service has become subpar over time. The Al Pastor is no longer of good quality, and the customer service is non-existent.

After arriving to Nora's a half hour before close, we were constantly reminded by the employee, Jessica, that they close in 30 minutes.. someone who has taken our order countless times and we've left over 20% tip every. single. time, testifying to how well we treated Nora's and the lack of reciprocation. 

Mind you this is not a sit down and order restaurant, you order at the counter. Food takes no more than 15 minutes to prepare. And, for the record, we were even out of Nora's by 9:56pm, 4 minutes prior to close. If you want to be out of work earlier, close earlier. We didn't arrive at 9:56 and demand you keep your kitchen open. This is the food service industry, I and countless other employees stay past close every time when working in this industry. Don't make your customers feel unwelcomed, burdensome, and annoying for attending your place of business inside the hours of operation.

Furthermore, during checkout the software charges an EXCESS fee of $60 to my card, over double the $28 meal. This alone is an accident, something I do not fault Nora's for. However the handling of the situation I do.

The server tells us we must speak to a manager. She tells us a manager will be in first thing tomorrow and she is unable to fix this. 

When calling today to speak with a manager about the charge discrepancy today, I am told "I don't know" when asking when a manager will be in and abruptly hung up on. I call back and receive the same treatment, giving me attitude this time and hanging up on me.

EDIT: I call back Nora's back later and I am laughed at by "Joey", told "I already told you buddy, I don't know." and hangs up on me. All Joey told me was "I don't know". Originally when calling he even answered the phone and didn't acknowledge me for 15s, talking in the background to other employees. I call back repeatedly and still "Joey" answers. He can only say "I don't know", laugh, and hang up. Finally says I should come back at "9am tomorrow", 2 and a half hours before open. That sounds like a great plan, right? Completely disrespectful and disgraceful, gone from bad service and food to disgusting behavior and intentionally antagonizing customers. Inability to provide a window of time to contact the manager about a charge that is over 300% of the meal is outrageous, especially after the first window was inaccurate. In the time "Joey" took to mock and antagonize, he could have contacted his manager and determined a feasible window of time. Nonetheless, Wells Fargo will handle this discrepancy and strike the whole charge, an excessive annoyance for a place we've now given excessive business to be treated so disrespectfully. 

Fast forward, when we received our meal, the servings were less than 50% and the preparation was awful. The food was cold and tasted worse than ever. My friend's nachos were not even 50% of the plate and ours were so subpar I couldn't even stomach the Tacos.

My friends and I will no longer be patrons to this place and will NOW be ACTIVELY discouraging others from doing so as well after how we've been treated. I am not arrogant enough to believe that will impact their business, but others should be aware before  spending their money here. I am saddened as this was once one of my favorite taco spots, but now neither the food nor the service justify eating here.
Horrible food. The food quality is going down, they're giving less and less food every time I go in. The tables are dirty, the floor isn't swept. The employee's attitudes are terrible. I don't know if it was the manager or the owner but they were yelling and cursing at their employees in front of the customers. The bathroom is a mess. The cook touvhes food with no gloves on, its disgusting. Never again going there. Don't recommend.
Not impressed with this place.  Food is not only bland but found a hair on my plate they wanted to argue was mine or it had to have come from the chicken
My friend thought that Nora's would be an excellent alternative to our Jim's cheesesteaks since she is a vegetarian. The tacos are extremely cheap and the food looked amazing. My friend asked to get a quesadilla, even though it is not an option on any of their menus, with a small side of rice and beans which is $2. With her quesadilla, she wanted cheese, lettuce, sour cream, and pico de gallo inside. After THIRTY minutes of waiting for her food, we took her food to-go, since the rest of us were eating cheesesteaks, so that we can eat at Jim's. 

Once she opened her box to eat, she realized that her quesadilla had nothing but cheese. On top of that, the cheese looked like it had been thrown on the stove for about 10 seconds. The cheese wasn't melted and the tortilla was barely cooked. My friend is not problematic so she just tried to make the best out of it and eat it anyway but since the cheese wasn't even melted, it wasn't appetizing. For $7 (price of the quesadilla), that was not acceptable. Especially when we had ordered, there had only been a couple behind us, so they were not at all busy or should have had trouble with her order, since it did take 30 minutes to make.

We decided to return so that we can work some kind of solution out since my friend had spent money on food, yet was still hungry. We politely told the woman who had took our order that the order had been messed up and asked if she could either get a refund or an entirely new one done correctly. The first thing the woman had said was, "Well, you ate half of it." She did not care AT ALL that they had initially messed up. We were very shocked that she reacted this way since we didn't want any problems at all but she had acted as if it was our fault. We continue to tell her that we would either like a refund or an entirely new one because of this and after she talked to the only other worker behind her, she said they will make her a new one and took her box. Before she walked away, I had asked her if she needed to write down what my friend had initially wanted in her quesadilla since she just took her box and was about to walk away. She then RUDELY and sarcastically said, "Yeah I know, you already told me, remember." ???? I was so confused by this since if she already knew, why wasn't it done right in the first place?!

I completely understand when people make mistakes, we are all human. However, the way this woman handled the situation was absolutely unacceptable. I don't understand why she had an attitude with us when we just wanted to fix a mistake they had made for our friend. It was so difficult without it having to be at all.

I did not get the name of the only woman we had encountered, who took our order, but she does not know anything about customer service. I'm really upset that this had happened too, since this was my first time coming here, I thought it had a lot of potential. 
I would love to give this place 5 stars, however, after this experience, I will never return here again.
They lie on the phone so don't bother calling. Delivery service is terrible. Been waiting 2 hours and they still haven't delivered the food. Great service...
We came here for a quick bite to celebrate settling on our new home but not wanting to spend much since we just gave away all our money 

We randomly chose this small spot and were very pleased. Friendly, fast service and the food was sooo good ! I had the chicken enchiladas and they were very tasty. Definitely going on my list of places to come back so I can  try more options.
My little family and I just went to Nora's for lunch.  I had the steak taco and the al pastor taco, a churro, and a mexi soda.  

I haven't had tacos this good since the last time I was in Mexico. They were simply perfect!  Served with a nice tomatillo salsa and a spicy mole salsa.  The churro was crunchy as it should be with doughy custard in the middle.  Almost as soon as we left, I was craving another.  Also, nice touch on the Cumbia playing on the radio ;)

South street has been experiencing what I would call a "food revival" as of late and Nora's is a fine addition.  I will be back here soon, often, and very hungry!!
Came here on a Sunday with my girlfriend. We almost walked right past it and we came in and the people were friendly and asked us what we wanted the food was wonderful and it was probably the best Mexican food I've had in a long time. The staff was friendly and they took care of everything we needed and asked if we enjoyed on the way our definetly come here!
We had food delivered and it was really good. The marinated chicken in the tacos was delish but my favorite was the guacamole and homemade tortilla chips. Oh my gosh! Amazing. I was impressed!
While waiting an hour for my 3 tacos, I wanted to give them one star. However, the tacos were so yummy. I'm torn! I don't think they are worth the wait, but if it's not crazy busy... give them a try. 

Long wait-- yummy tacos.
Horrible service. We ordered food and were quoted a delivery time of max 60 minutes. An hour and a half later, we called and they said the food was with the delivery person. It's been two hours, we have no food still, and the restaurant lied to us again and said they left it at our place. Never got our food.
Delivery was slow, but my food was tasty. I ordered fish, chicken and steak tacos. I didn't like the salsa that came with the chips, but the chips were well seasoned. The churro I ordered was the best! I just wished it had some sort of chocolate dipping sauce on the side. Will order from again.
Good food, reasonably priced. My chicken tacos were really good. The chips and Sala were also excellent.
LOVE IT!  I rarely eat Mexican food at a restaurant because I hate cilantro.  They do use some, but I don't even notice.  It is just simple, delicious food.  Nothing fancy or complicated.  Always wonderful, always consistent, and they are so nice!  So happy to have this in the hood!
The chicken taco was so good. The staff was friendly and we got our tacos about 5 min after ordering.
The food and service was excellent. The enchiladas verde was excellent.  They had terrific fried plantains, flan and churros.  Even the refuted beans were memorable.
Great new taco spot on South Street. Very affordable, made fresh. Had the spicy chicken over rice with beans and salad, which was fantastic. Tried to correct the address & add photos of the restaurant so more people can find out about it. Good number of tables both in front and in the back room. Cash Only.
I ordered from here.  After waiting 90 minutes I called.  First the lady told me it went out for delivery 25 minutes ago. I asked her why they waited an hour to make it.  She said they didnt they made it right away.  So I asked why they let it sit around for an hour.  She said they didnt, they just made it.  I asked her to honestly tell me the chances any of it arrives hot or edible considering two of them are nachos covered with all sorts of stuff.  She wouldnt answer.  I hung up.  10 minutes later it showed up.  Its disgusting. One box was smashed.  I wouldnt serve this to a dog.
Very solid place and Taco Tuesday is a great deal. The server is very nice every time I have gone. $2 tacos cannot be beat! Fish, shrimp and the steak tacos are all great.
Awesome tacos for a great price (especially considering the prime South Street location).

The Al Pastor were very nice, the right blend of spicy & sweet.  Meat was nice and tender as well.  Staff was very friendly & the order came out promptly, freshly made & warm.

For a low-key snack or meal before or after grabbing a beer or cocktail in the area, this place is an ideal choice.
The nachos are AMAZING. I am a nacho connoisseur and these are by far one of the best I have tried. The chips are amazing and don't get soggy too quickly and the sauce they drizzle on is so good I wish i could buy a bucket of it. I ordered these twice and am about to order them again tonight!
Ordered this place for lunch delivery on a Saturday and it was delicious! Got the Wicho Nachos and Fish Tacos. Very reasonably priced for the quantity of food they give. Will definitely be ordering from here again to try their other menu items.
I'm really shocked as to how this place received such a high rating on Yelp? The most dissatisfying Mexican food I've ever eaten. I'm still trying to figure out if the chicken I ate was real chicken. There was no flavor to the food, or taste of Mexican spices or sauce.. very disappointed. If you want real Mexican taste go to Blue Corn. Also, I ordered through ubereat so maybe that made a difference..
I seriously look forward to this spot, anytime I make my way to South St. They NEVER disappoint! I appreciated the quality of their ingredients, but looove the new added touch of a dine in service...before, it was just order and self serve with seating availble if you chose to sit and eat. It was a pleasant surprise, and the service was top notch, and the lady was super friendly and accommodating. Nice to see a small business thrive in all areas, I'll definitely be back!
This place is not good and makes me question why its so highly rated on yelp.  Definitely better mexican options in the area.
Nora's is really close to where I  work and is a popular break-time lunch spot! We decided to try it out for the first time for take-out and decided to order a chicken burrito & chicken over rice dish. 

Noticing this from each time, Nora's make their dishes really quick and there's barely any wait time! 

Their food tasted delicious and would definitely come again to try more foods from their varying menu items!!
Been waiting to stop by this place for weeks because I heard they had birria. Unfortunately that's wasn't on the menu but not worries because I ordered the steak tacos and a side of chips and guac. The tacos were so filling and flavorful. I highly recommend this place and will definitely be returning 

The only downside of this place was that I was told they'd give me my food while I waited outside but they never did. I waited an extra 20 minutes because I assumed it was never ready but I went inside and it was just sitting there which was disappointing. 

Food: 4/5
Service: 2.5/5
This place is seriously so good. I'd recommend every type of empanada (but you only get one in an order which is kind of expensive in my opinion). The taco meats are well seasoned and the spicy mayo on top was phenomenal. Try all the salsas too, they make it for me. Just a little spot with limited seating but I come by myself and sit at their shelf-seating facing the wall. It's seriously so good and tastes authentic.
Nora's is fantastic! Delicious taqueria staples, sometimes with a special twist. Very affordable, very friendly. I knew I'd love this place because the folks who own it also run a really great food truck. I'll get the vegetarian burrito ever single time I'm on South Street from now now. Highly recommended!
Nora's never, ever disappoints. My wife and I are regulars and the cravings never go away. The menu has evolved with more options, although we always get tacos and burritos. We also had Nora's cater a big party for 20 and it was a huge hit. 

We love the family feel and that it's a local small business.
This place is no joke the best Mexican food experience in Philadelphia... if your in the neighborhood definitely stop by and grab some comida. I've eaten here 5 times over the last 3 weeks and I've taken a picture each time of my dish.  Not only is the presentation amazing but the food tastes great. Coming from Southern California, Mexican food is a staple in my diet... After moving to Philadelphia that became very absent as I searched for a place to quench my appetite for food south of the border. This is the real deal.  If you want Mexican food and your in Philadelphia, come to Nor's Taqueria and Grill.  I guarantee you will NOT be disappointed.
Good regional Mexican dishes, with good vegetarian options too!
I stopped In here one day. There was just one person cooking and taking orders. He was very accommodating and I like that they do Mexican style, or American Style toppings for the tacos. My food was very delicious and well worth the money. 
The restroom was in the basement in the kitchen and the woman prepping down there was friendly as well. This is a wonderful, neighborhood place.
The tacos slap, but helping the people that own it slaps even more. Great place to support the community
