Let it be known: I love brunch.  If I could shout it from the rooftops, I would.  However, my reluctance to try new places because of the fear of being disappointed has led me to the same handful of spots over and over.  On a beautiful Sunday morning, the cycle was broken when my brekkie qualifiers included: the need for ample street parking, a liquor license and possible outdoor seating.  North Third fit the bill, but would it deliver where it counted the most (in my tummy)?

Answer: Hells to the yes!

It was just early enough that there was still plenty of available real estate both inside and out.  My party of two was seated at one of the sidewalk tables on the less-chaotic Brown side, which was perfect as Third Street had some real claustrophobia potential, with so many people out and about on such an uncharacteristically warm morning.  

Waters were dropped off immediately and our request for coffee and bloody marys was met soon after.  The BMs were spicy and flavorful, and came with an array of garnishes that included celery, cucumber, dill pickle, cherry tomato, olive and lemon.  The many choices on both the regular and special menus had me deciding between three or four plates that each sounded fantastic.  In the end, I opted for my original craving, huevos rancheros.  

In what was probably the fastest turnaround time ever, our dishes arrived.  The plates were loaded with picture perfect breakfasts.  My huevos were spot on and nailed my craving, and my dining companion's homemade cheddar biscuits with sausage gravy were realllllly good.  I resisted the urge to pull the old, "hey, what's that?!" while swiping half a biscuit off the plate.  

North Third has officially been inducted to the brunch rotation, and I look forward to checking out the scene during the wee hours as well.
In the summertime, when the weather is fine, you can stretch right up and touch the sky...da da da whatever. I find it difficult to spend my Honey's waiting list time at The Random Tea Room when it isn't cold. Hot day, hot tea? Eh, not so much. So instead, I offered up North Third.

The agreement was to sit at the bar and order a single cocktail, an appropriate, hair of the dog mimosa (or Bloody Mary, but those are gross). 

Instead, while we waited for our Honey's call time, we got drunk. The Blood Orange Margaritas were soooo good and perfectly balanced between tastiness and strength. By the time we finished our pitcher, we staggered over to Honey's, double hungover and halfway full. You win North Third, you win...for now.
Don't waste your time. Go somewhere else! If I could give zero stars, I would. I hope the management or owner there will read this review and hopefully find a way to improve on the service. 

After 20 minutes of being seated, we never saw a server. The hostess, however, kept looking over at our table. My date and I decided to just get up and go somewhere else. 

It was only when we got up to leave that the hostess came over to ask if we were ok. We told her we decided to go somewhere else. To which she only replied, "Ok, enjoy the rest of your evening." 

Clearly, you do not care about your patrons. We did not get an explanation as to why our server never showed up and the hostess didn't even bother to apologize. 

It might have been understandable if the restaurant was super packed and busy, but that was not the case. 

What was also sad was that a table that got seated way after us got service before we did. 

Sadly, we won't be coming back to this place.
To summarize my last review for North 3rd - BOOBS. Or rather the painting of them that makes for a good landmark when your trying to organize telling people where to meet up. But when I stopped in after a successful Elite Event on Monday, I couldn't help but notice how much more prevalent they were then I previously realized. when mapping out the decor it went a little bit like this - Gargoyles, boobs, dragon, boobs, butterflies, boobs, skulls, more boobs, robot dog. for better or worse, at least they gave you some things to look at.

But that's not the reason you stop at a place like North 3rd. If your like me then you go there for it's unpretentious service, it's good beer selection, awesome food, and things like FancyPants Cinema. Of course the fact that it's one of the better outdoor seating spots in NoLibs doesn't hurt either.

For a huge impromptu group of 20 on a Monday, our server was attentive as he could be. And I had an incredible pound of Buffalo wings for $8. And overall the surrounding decor of oddness brought out the best of our vast group. recommended as always.
This is a great restaurant which has a variety of food from various parts of the world. Got the edamame for an appetizer and a tuna burger, which was AMAZING. The place is dimly lit with a candlelight... good for a first date. Prices are very reasonable as well. Highly recommended!
I have a Northern Liberties food formula: Honey's for brunch. N 3rd for dinner. With a varied menu (fish tacos, hummus, salads, dumplings, and nightly specials), N 3rd takes a step up from traditional pub/bar fare and offers enough creativity to satisfy the foodiest of foodies, but enough simplicity to appease even the picky eaters. 

Their cocktails are pretty stellar too and the beer list boasts all the local favorites plus other microbrew staples. With the giant projector in the backroom, this place is going to be my post-season spot.
Love the dining room. Love the music that's played in the dining room. Love the big windows, lighting and service that you'll experience in said dining room. Didn't LOVE the food - I was more like "I really like you as a friend and I think we should give it time and see how it goes." I got the pulled pork, which was a bit underwhelming. Then again, I have amazingly high standards when it comes to the piggy. The boy got duck and brussel sprouts and that was pretty yummy. N. Third, you will get a second chance. Don't let me down, baby!
My boyfriend and I were enjoying a nice stroll through the Northern Liberties last week when we stumbled upon North Third. I recalled reading several good reviews for it, so we decided to stop in for some light fare and a beer or two. When we entered the place, the first thing I noticed was the amount of light flooding the room. Also, I'm a sucker for exposed brick, so I was quite charmed by its appearance. There were a number of strange things adorning the walls that kept my attention while I was waiting for our food to arrive (that isn't to say that the food took a long time to come out, because it did not).

We were greeted immediately when we walked in the door and seated by a pleasant hostess right by the wide-open window. It was a beautiful day, so it was nice to get a little of the outside inside. Our waiter came by less than a minute later to take our drink order. Since I'm not really a warm-weather-beer fan (wheat beer is definitely not my bag), their tap list wasn't all that intriguing to me. I won't fault them for that, though. They do offer Dogfish Head 60-Minute IPA and Sly Fox O'Reily's Stout as standards, which perked me up a bit, though in the end I decided on a Bell's Two-Hearted Ale, since you can never go wrong with that. 

After dropping off our beers, our waiter took our order. I chose the Tuna Burger and my boyfriend ordered the Pulled Pork Sandwich. We were both pretty impressed with the quality of the food. My tuna burger was moist, perfectly spiced, and delicious (not to mention that it must have been at least half a pound), and I loved the wasabi mayo! Like Meg noted, the fries weren't great, but they were edible at the very least. (I was glad they weren't that good, because there were far too many on my plate and I would have eaten way more than necessary if they had been better.) My boyfriend enjoyed his pulled pork and also commented on the huge portion. Needless to say, we didn't have to worry about lunch the next day. 

Overall, a solid performance from North Third. I wasn't blown away, but I will definitely be back to give it another go.
Busy chilly night 
Pulled pork sammie made me burn 
Cool visceral vibe 

Talk about nick of time. We got there just in time to be able to switch from a tiny two top, to a much cozier booth just before the bus pulled up and filled N. 3rd to the gills...well, no bus was seen, but it filled up quick. Be warned, I don't think this is a random occurrence. :) 

I love the look of this place. Low lit, exposed brick, adorned by an eclectic array of art that runs the gamut from nude paintings of varied talent to small mixed media pieces. 

There really wasn't anything on the menu I wasn't interested in trying and in the end I settled on the pulled pork spare rib sandwich with horseradish sauce. While incredibly delicious it did give me the worst heartburn ever (I realize this is hard to lay at the feet of the sandwich, but all I can say is I rarely get heartburn...) 

Service was polite and attentive. Nothing stood out extra special or glaringly wrong, which is in my opinion the text book definition of how service should be. 

Big kicker was my new favorite beer, Bells Two Hearted Ale, was a dollar cheaper than at Good Dog (sorry to throw you under the bus, I still luv ya GDB) 

Like the four stars say, "Yay, I'm a fan"
A very up and coming area in Northern Liberties.  

There is so much construction going on (not always great) and the little cafe's are opening up two and three (so it's ok).  This is a very quaint and eclectic restaurant which seats about thirty.  Imagine a big stick of cotton candy on a warm summer's *first* night, twirling in a broken down art(ist)fact graveyard, spinning quickly and then stopping immediately whilst all of the unique pieces are now strewn throughout.  You are at North 3rd.  A massive terridactile sized eagle made of batik, feathers and plaster garnish the ceiling over the bar.  There was a glowing blow fish above our table and my favorite was the dead pirate who's eyes follow you when you walk the hall.

I love this place and will come back again.  I definitely wanted to check out the Northern Liberty section of Phily bc of the tiny galleries and the realness of a city.  Now I have an excuse to drink and eat.

I had the tuna burger which was basically like a spicy tuna filling squished between two pieces of sourdough and drenched with pieces of spicy, hot ginger.  This was delicious.  

There is a vast selection of bottled Belgian beers along with a slim but inviting cocktail menu.  The blood orange mojito was not overly sweet but pungent enough.  The taps included (but not limited to), hoegarden, plank (local), dogfish head and about three other unique brews.

Three ladies, three meals, three drinks total 60.00 without tip. Not bad.  

This is a definite must go to when visiting Northern Liberties.
After driving past numerous nights, I finally decided to try this place out. I just ordered the french onion soup and it was great (but no one messes up french onion soup). 
Getting to the good stuff---the thai wings are fantastic.  
They are saucy, crunchy and delicious. 

The place looks really cool too. Like a neighborhood, funky lit-up place with interesting decor. This would be a great place for dates because the lighting is fun and romantic but the music isn't so loud that you can't have a conversation. 
And they had Yards Philly Pale Ale on draft--and that makes me love any bar.
im sure this place is great if you go at the right time, but i went at 3pm just as brunch was ending and i got what tasted like microwaved food for a high price.
after running in the susan g. komen race for the cure* this past mother's day, my friends and i were in need of some serious sustenance. figuring every place in fairmount was going to be swamped, we headed across town to northern liberties. first attempt: honey's. 1 hour wait for a 6-top? not today, thanks. second attempt: north third. seated immediately? indeed!

coffees were ordered all around, with half of our table also indulging in the most veggie-riffic bloody marys i've ever seen. it's pretty much a salad with a garnish of drink...in a good way. the sweet potato and pear soup special sounded too good to pass up, especially on a cold morning, so sue G and i decided to share a bowl...with an extra spoon for michelle C to dig on in, too! it was sweet, creamy, delicious and a generous sized portion. totally hit the spot.

there were other tasty sounding brunch specials, but for my main course, i went with an ol' N. 3rd fave: the mushroom omelet. packed with portabellas, spinach and goat cheese (and served with a side of potatoes and fruit), this omelet never fails to disappoint. truth be told, the only disappointment was in myself, for not being able to finish it. another bummer: when the boy cut in to his roasted tomato omelet (from the specials list), the center was cold. however, once our server was informed of this, she apologized for the kitchen's oversight, whisked away his plate and returned with some properly heated huevos in no time flat.


*coincidentally, we were seated in front of the infamous boob painting in the back dining room. first we ran for boobies...then we brunched with them (o)(o) !
We were very impressed with our dinner at North 3rd. The space has a funky, eclectic vibe that could be tacky but isn't. We came around 6:00 on a Sunday night and we were seated right away. By the time we left the place was fairly filled up. 

Service was great all night. The food came out surprisingly fast. We had the Beet Salad and Vegetable Spring rolls to start with. The salad had a very nice Red Wine Vinaigrette dressing. The spring rolls were excellent and not oily. The dipping sauce was perfect.

For entrees we had the Moroccan Spiced Lamb burger, the Hanger Steak and the Crispy Atlantic Salmon. All three dishes were winners and had good flavors. The hanger steak sauce and French fries were killing me. I was making a semi Poutine out of them. The curry and garlic spinach with the Salmon were also excellent. The lamb burger was nice also and came with Tzatzki sauce. I would order any of these 3 dishes again.

For dessert we had some sort of chocolate chip bread pudding with vanilla ice cream. This was so good we almost ordered another one for the three of us. 

North 3rd has a decent beer on tap selection and also a full bar. It is also pretty reasonable. Without drinks, dinner can be under $20.00 for some good quality food. I was able to find parking easily near by. We will definitely be back.
I have been here several times and do not plan on going back. They have decent beer and food, but not worth putting up with the slow waitstaff who continuously make mistake after mistake... like my vegan burrito which got served to me twice with cheese and sausage! I love when places don't even do anything to reconcile the problem either. I left after 2 hours, only full from my beer because they couldn't produce something I could eat,
Our server wasn't  the greatest, and that was kind of a mood killer for me. However,  the bus boys were nice and very attentive. They came over to check on us more than our server. Anyways, the place had a very nice ambiance but it's a little dark for my taste. Also, there's a lot of vulgar paintings on the wall, if you're into that. 

Food wise: we only ordered the calamari and mussels with curry. The calamari was very bland and the mussels were also just alright. We didn't even bother to order more food.

Alcohol: we only ordered the "pitcher" of mojito, which was not a pitcher but in a shaker and served only about 3 drinks. Btw, I could barely taste any alcohol in the mojito, aka, it sucked.

We had to jump to another bar after that. I wouldn't return for dinner, but I do still want to try their brunch.
I don't normally write bad reviews, but I did not have a good experience at North Third.  Maybe if things changed I would go back someday and give them another chance, but for now it's a 2 star place at best, especially given the competition in Northern Liberties from better bars.

My wife and I were here recently with our two best friends and we walked in based on a recommendation from sources like Yelp.  Unfortunately, we had a really bad experience with the female bartender.  She was a tall, thin girl, with short (not past her ears) brown hair, who spent more time leaving the bar to flirt with the kitchen staff than handle our orders.  When she was manning the bar, she was downright rude.  We came in on a weekend as a Phillies game was just about to start and we asked her if we could change the TV to the game (a European soccer game was on).  She told us no, because other patrons were watching the soccer game.  I can deal with this because, after all, they were here first so we have no right to change it if they are watching it.  My problem is that then she starts talking to the people sitting at the bar and watching soccer and makes fun of us for wanting to change it to what she called "a boring sport like baseball."  We weren't in on the joke either; she just walked over and started laughing at us with them.  OK - so let me get this straight: this is Philadelphia, but you're going to make fun of ME for wanting to watch the local baseball team over a SOCCER game that has no bearing whatsoever on anything local.  Talk about hipster trash.  She was the epitome of the hipster, "what I enjoy is superior to your interests," ridiculing, judgmental bitch.  (Sorry for the language, but it is an appropriate word).

One of the worst things is, I tried to make nice with her little sideshow and complimented the drink she made me (it was very good) and she just shrugged it off.  Well, enjoy not getting a tip then, loser.

It's unfortunate, because I never got to try the food at North Third; I was too angry about the rude bartender.  The owners should keep an eye on their staff, especially her (firing her would probably be better), because you can't imagine how loyal I am to my favorite places.  I enjoy going out and spending my money at bars all over the city, but I won't be back to North Third any time soon.  I recommend you go to the Abbaye down the street, instead, for great service and spectacular food.
A tried and true consistent neighborhood fave.  It's in heavy rotation for my places to go.

What I dig about the place:
-  unpretentious atmosphere
-  decent, fast service
-  menu hasn't changed in the four years I've lived here
-  the soup specials are huge and are always DEELICIOUS
-  rarely had a meal I didn't like here
-  2 options for bars (one in the front and one in the back)
-  lots of high top tables by the bar
-  a brunch that rivals Honey's Sit 'n Eat
-  Crispy Chicken Sandwich (Guac + mayo +bacon + challah bread = big YUM),  Mussels with Coconut and Curry, a big steamin' bowl of edamame, scrumptious salads. (you need not order all these at the same time)
-  they always bring water orders first whether you asked for it or not.  My thirst thanks you.  Reminds me to hydrate before I begin to indulge.
-  funky, weird, controlled-chaos-garage-sale-chic décor and lights strung up everywhere.  Who doesn't like a set of breasts staring at you while you eat brunch in the back room?
-  Mon - Wed nights are cool here and late afternoons during the weekend
-  patio space!

What I don't dig about this place:
-  the lighting in certain parts of the restaurant (depending on the time of day, too), especially the back room by the second bar, it's a total dungeon.  You can't see squat: the menu, your food, the company you're eating with; I'm all about mood lighting, but this is ridiculous.  Get some more creepy lights in some spaces, or just replace those that have burned out eons ago.
-  the menu hasn't changed in the four years I've lived here.
-  I've never had a meal I LOVED here.  Menu and offerings are straightforward standards.  I've just never convulsed with culinary delight over the food here. 
- Thurs evenings to Sat evenings place is always jammed, I like my N. 3rd to be lightly packed.  The place will also often just get unexpectably full on random nights.
- Fries are so-so (I'm very particular about fried potatoes, and potatoes in general)

As you can see, the pros totally outweigh the cons here, and that's why I always come back.
The painting of the woman's right breast that Stephan C. mentioned comes in handy sometimes. I've found myself meeting and interviewing people here for the very first time a lot. So I needed a recognizable landmark in the room for them to notice and what could be better?
aside from that North 3rd is one of my favorite spots to bring a group. the food is really good, the staff is friendly, and the alcohol selection is top notch.  And it can be quite roomy, even when it gets crowded which happens a lot.
North 3rd also hosts a fun short film night every Tuesday that is worth checking out. It's selection can range from funny, to cool, to really weird.
i'm here just about every week, whether it be for brunch, dinner, or late night.  each time i've gone, i've ordered something different because i want to see how many of their choices can actually be great.  all have been extraordinary, but the best of all was the trout BLT.  despite being very messy, i really didn't mind the multitude of napkins necessary to enjoy every bite.  it's a special and i've only seen it there that once.

also, something i always consider when visiting a new bar or restaurant is how other people i'm with feel about it.  i've gone with my friends and they love it.  i've also gone with my mom, teenage sister, and extremely picky ex-college roommate.  mom got the fish & chips, sis got a traditional breakfast, and roomie got the burger.  the only one that didn't enjoy herself is my sister, who thought the potatoes were too spicy.  they weren't.

late night, also great.  always an interesting crowd, one where everyone can feel comfortable.
I love Northern Liberties, it never did me wrong....until today.

Clearly strolling through N. Liberties and scrolling through yelp....you find many fabulous options for food. Having never been to North Third and lured in by the enormous eagle over their bar, we happily took a seat by the window.

A little surprised over entree prices at what looks like a regular old bar, we opted for 2 appetizers. 

Fish Tacos - SKIP THIS OPTION by all means necessary. Not to be a bitch or anything, but these totally sucked. Two completely flavorless tacos. It was bland fried fish, with cabbage and tons of tarter sauce. It was the furthest thing from a taco I've ever had.

Thai Wings - Nice crisp wings is the nicest thing I can say about this plate. They were SMOTHERED in sauce, topped with cilantro and some peanuts. This was ok, just ok. Our plate brought all flat wings, which was kind of odd...I kind of hate those...but I was starving so just let it be.

Fries - When the fries are the highlight of your meal there's a problem.

We both ordered drinks a martini and a caipirinha that were nicely made. The service was just ok, they check on us once and that's about it. By North Third.....
I think I've had North Third bookmarked ever since I started using the Yelp app years ago. Yet, in all my numerous trips to the city, I've never made an attempt to stop by the corner bar/restaurant. That is, until a recent return to Philly for the weekend. I wasn't sure what to expect for a Friday evening dinner, but was pleasantly surprised to find it not very crowded. That turned out to be a good thing considering the bar is lucky to accommodate only 8-9 people and I was able to grab an empty seat right in the middle.

With about as many local beers on tap as stools at the bar, I had no issue finding a refreshing beverage to enjoy while looking over the menu. The Crispy Chicken Sandwich sounded good from both the menu description and Yelp reviews, so I ordered it with a side of hand-cut fries. 

It arrived in hardly any time at all and I quickly dug in. After only a couple of bites, I was sold! This sandwich is the real deal with a thick, grilled chicken breasts topped with bacon, tomato, may and guac. I made several attempts not to moan out loud and scare those sitting around me, but I'm not sure I succeeded. The fries were pretty good too, as was the large pickle on the side.

Although it took me a long time to finally stop in here, I hope I don't make that mistake again. Another "better late than never" scenario in Northern Liberties.
Hidden gem! This place is awesome for brunch! We stumbled upon this place while waiting for a table at Honey's and couldn't be happier! When you first enter, you have to look past the eclectic decor and the dark interior. But, the service is always great and the food is even better! 

One of our favorite things are the wings! The thai chili wings are the perfect crispiness and have the perfect amount of sauce. We order these every time as an appetizer. 

We have also tried a bunch of things on their brunch menu. The huevos rancheros, breakfast burrito, pancake specials, chicken and waffles, and brioche french toast are all delicious! The Bloody Maria is always a great addition to any brunch meal. 

We will definitely be back :)
Maybe this is overkill, but I'm quickly reviewing North 3rd because of my most recent experience there...

1. Our waitress was adorable, sweet, and very attentive.
2. My meal: eggs and chili was incredible (eggs and chili over cornbread with sides of potatoes and pico - holy molé!)
3. Great crowd, no wait, comfy digs, awesome little crap to look at on the walls.

Normally wouldn't contribute to a 117 reviews type of place, but was just really happy with this last experience.
Given I haven't lived in nor visited Philly in two years, this review ought to be taken with a grain of salt. However, North 3rd was among the places I could be found on a regular basis. Frank B. wrote below that he found the bar to be average. I have no idea what he's talking about! Unless they've changed, the bar here is really solid! They have a great selection of foreign beer, including Hoegaarden and Chimay. Besides the bartender does a fantastic El Diablo, complete with outrageous horns, on Halloween! The quality of service used to vary, but the waitresses are cute because the proprietor likes the good looking ladies. How do I know? That's what I heard from a waitress friend who set me up with the proprietor when I broke up with my Space 1026 boyfriend. Alas, he asked out for a Led Zeppelin cover night at Silk City. Unfortunately, Led Zeppelin covers are not my cup of tea and I didn't want to rebound with such a nice guy. So I turned him down and didn't get to hear firsthand the fantastic story, if I remember correctly, about how he found a treasure trove of old coins that was the seed money for North 3rd whose brunches, burgers, and quesadillas are fantastic. Prices reasonable. The patrons (and their canine companions) really pleasant and well behaved, although what is this about North 3rd being a good place to watch sports now? I liked the outdoor seating in the summers, although the main room's seating options of high round bar tables, two seaters by the window, and the booths were certainly fine as well. Try to catch the 48 Hour Film Project, which I consider to be not quite a breeding ground but certainly a breeding window box for Philadephia's fledgling filmmakers and animators.
I've been hearing about this place for years and had yet to try.  I'm so glad I decided to stop in during Beer Week.

The décor is by far my favorite- extra dark, but not divey.  Sultry lighting (and paintings) plus lots of voodoo/Day of the Dead type feels going on in there.  It was almost too dark to read my menu, but I would deff make this a nighttime drinking hangout spot.

I didn't have any problem with service- our server was super helpful and accommodating.  

For a starter, we ordered their side special of the day which was the fried green tomatoes: delicious.  Very crunchy and thin and flavorful.  The dipping aioli was good, but a little too smoky to be paired with that- something acidic would have worked better.

For entrees, we got the Moroccan lamb burger & fries, the salmon platter and a large appetizer order of buffalo wings.  

They didn't ask how I wanted my burger cooked, but it came out a perfect medium anyway (I'm guessing you can't really control lamb temperature all that easily).  Overall, it was a decent burger, but I've had better.  The bun held up nicely and the feta cheese and arugula were a nice touch.  But the tzatziki was on the side (I had to smother the bun on it since it really needed some moisture) and the Moroccan seasoning was not noticeable, so it ended up tasting like a regular burger.  Fries were great- really crunchy and salty.

Salmon platter smelled and looked delicious (and was, according to my guest). 

The wings....BANGIN'.  Super spicy, but oh so crispy and vinegary - one of the best buffalo wings I've had in recent past.  I would come back just for those and maybe opt for the thai chili glaze instead.

I didn't pay attention to the regular drink menu because I was focused on the beer week specials.  This week they had a local, featured brewery called Captain Lawrence and the brewer/owner was actually there rounding the tables.  I got a Belgian wheat golden ale, which actually tasted like a sour and was absolutely amazing.  The other beers we tried were also very, very good but that was my favorite.

Overall, I will absolutely be back here if I'm in the area and I would love to try brunch since I hear wonderful things.

Oh! And the pear cobbler dessert was SO good and gigantic.
Horrible experience. We came in during late brunch time. The waitress took our drink order. That was the last time she came to our table on her own will. We had to flag down somebody else working there 15 minutes later to place our food order. The table next to us was at a booth to start. One of the servers asked them to move to another table because a four top came in. I thought that was so rude. They could have waited 5 minutes until another table opened to move the couple. After the couple moved, they were ignored. They ended up leaving after having to go up to a server to pay for their drinks because nobody took their order.

Then our food came out. My strawberry French toast had 4 strawberries on it. My bacon was rock hard and leathery. We sent the bacon back. It came back to us, looking mysteriously like the previous bacon, only slightly warmer but still leathery.  My boyfriend's burger was way overcooked. The egg on top, which was supposed to be over easy, was hard and rubbery. The only reason that I am leaving two stars instead of one is that the French toast was good.

I am still feeling exhausted from having to flag down a server (usually a different, but equally clueless person) down for every little thing. If the food alone was bad, I would forgive them. But combined with the poor service, I feel like I am experiencing PTSD from this horrible experience.
FRIED CHICKEN!

LAMB BURGERS!

Do I have your attention?

Last night my husband and I ate at North Third and even though the decor was a combination of trendy and frightening, the food was nothing short of awesome.

We ordered the pierogies as an appetizer. They came out smothered in sour cream and onions, and while they had a little bit of browning on them, it wasn't so much that they felt chewy, burnt, or crunchy. Definitely a good start to the meal.

For my meal I ordered the fried chicken, mashed potatoes, jalepeno cornbread, and cole slaw special. The fried chicken was really good - I'm confident that there was honey on it, which made it just a little bit sweet. The mashed potatoes were so smooth they should have been called whipped/beaten/pulverized potatoes. The jalepeno cornbread was a little spicy but, like the chicken, also a little bit sweet. The texture was perfect - not dry at all. I even ate some of the cole slaw, and I am not a cole slaw fan (I hate the creaminess/thickness of it).

My husband got the lamb burger with feta and arugula. The lamb itself was medium-rare and the portion was pretty large. The amount of feta on this thing was obscene, and the bread that held it all together was perfectly soft but supportive. It came with a side of fries that were well seasoned and he ordered a side of brussel sprouts also, which we both enjoyed. 

What I wasn't really a fan of were the cocktails. I started with the blood orange margarita and it was only OK. I've been eating at a lot of Mexican joints lately and this margarita didn't stand up to some others I've had. I then went with the "Stoli Doli." WHOA!! That thing was straight up liquor with like a teaspoon of pineapple juice. I couldn't finish it because it was just way too strong.

Overall the food here was spectacular. There wasn't one thing I ate that I didn't like. I certainly would return!
I try not to bitch about how hard life is when you are a vegetarian because I honestly find great options every where I go.  As long as there is one vegetarian entree, a good sandwich, a decent pasta, I'm content.  Even if it isn't very good, I appreciate that there is an option for me. 

How the hell does North Third not have a vegetarian entree on their regular menu?  And of all the days we go there for dinner, nothing on the specials menu?  So I ended up with the lamest vegetarian meal, french fries and a beet salad.  

Now I like beet salads, and this is a pretty good one, but it is so dated.  Didn't everyone add beet salad with goat cheese to their menus in like, 2002?  My husband had the Jersey tomato salad and it was really really really not worth $11.  The tomato was ... not bright and ripe enough, and there was way too much balsamic.  He also got the pulled pork sandwich, which I didn't try and he didn't finish (but the dog did.)  

Maybe we'll stop by for a drink, maybe I'll ask if there are any vegetarian specials before sitting down at a table, but I'm not planning on it.
This is where I take friends from out of town when I'm trying to convince them to move to Philly. North Third has substance and style and warmth. Not to mention one of my favorite hamburgers in the world. It's huge and juicy and when you ask for it rare, it comes out RARE. The selection of toppings is great, I usually go with boursin cheese and mushrooms.  I can only ever finish half so I get a bonus breakfast for the next day! 

The beer list is also great, lots of local stuff. The service is nice and the atmosphere is awesome. Cool and weird shit hanging all over the walls. You might need a flashlight to read your menu and you might have to scream for the people across the table to hear you, but that's because this is a bar. The food is just so amazing that you might mistaken it for a restaurant.
They add a 10% operation fee on your check without telling you. When we asked what it was for our server responded by saying that it helps keep them open. I'm sorry, but am I not doing that by coming in, sitting down and ordering $170 worth of food and drinks in an hour span? So with 10% operation fee. 20% tip plus our taxes on a $170 check was quite hefty.  I will not be returning because I felt like I got ripped off completely. AT LEAST state it on your menu. Buffalo wings are good tho.
OMG YUMMMMM!

Stopped in for dinner with a friend and it honestly took us about 30 minutes to decide on food. Everything looked SO good!

We started with cocktails, obv. I had a gin cocktail with grapefruit and bitters. It was really refreshing. 

We started with the thai chili wings which were sooo good! Super flavorful but definitely not too spicy. I ordered the beet salad and the fish tacos. The beet salad was really really good. The fish tacos were incredible. The mixture of cabbage, citrus, and fish paired amazingly. Obviously I couldn't walk after eating all of this food, but it was so worth it. I forget what he had but he said it was great.

Prices are really good too!
All around this place is awesome and it is probably my favorite bar in the city and definitely in Northern Liberties. From brunch to dinner I love everything N. 3rd has to offer.

Brunch here is amazing; they have the best bloody mary I've found in the city. Not too watery, spicy, and they practically put a salad on top of it to eat away at while you wait for your food. Great omelets and lots of other choices to satisfy anyone.

Dinner is also amazing. I love the mussels here and they're probably the best I've found in the city so far; granted I haven't been to Monk's. The steak frites are wonderful as are the wings. Lots of specials always changing and the same with the beer selection.

The atmosphere here is great. Sometimes I feel it's a little dark but they have interesting decorations and changing art which I can only assume is local. On the far side there is a huge painting of a woman's  bare chest which I hope no one ever buys and the artist never wants back.

Plenty of two seaters so this place would be great for a date. They also have booths, high tops, and bigger tables for larger parties. They also have outside seating in the spring to fall which is a great way to enjoy this place. Outside seating is dog friendly and they always offer my pup some water.
We've been to N3rd a handful of times for dinner, but never for brunch. Today was the day we embarked on that journey. The Gang goes to Brunch on Saturday: 

What we got to drink: 
-Pear Mules (Very tasty...needed more booze)
-Blood Orange Marg (Get the strainer for $30. 4 drinks for the cost of 2) 

Food: 
-Thai Wings (Of course...the GOAT)
-Eggs Benedict (Super good. Crispy everything) 
-Burrito 
-Brunch Burger 

This joint is top notch every time. Can't beat their famous Thai wings and good drinks. We'll be back, we'll always be back.
Community service builds healthy appetites!

A team and I finished packing food boxes for Philabundance and since we were already in Northern Liberties, we headed to nearby North Third for good eats. They have a full bar (which some of us took advantage of) and had ample seating for our party. We sat near one of their many windows which light up the indoors well. Their dining room is decorated with many pieces of art of mixed styles.

It was early afternoon so most of our group opted for brunch and breakfast foods. I ordered a hearty plate of eggs (sunny side up, of course), sausage, toast, and potatoes. The sausage cuts were HUGE! I ordered a fresh glass of OJ to wash it all down. The fresh fruit that came with my dish was a nice touch. All they had for spice was Tabasco unfortunately - wish they had a little more variety with hot sauces, but oh well...

At North Third I got my money's worth, and that meal fed me for the rest of the day. Worth a try.
North Third is super solid. 

We went for a late lunch on a Saturday and easily got sat at a nice big round table meant for four by the windows. The restaurant was almost full with the brunch crowd but our table was nice and spacious. This would be an ideal summertime spot with the windows open.

As expected the decorations were quite quirky and it definitely has that daytime in a bar look, but despite the cool level the service was very attentive. We quickly got ice water and two beers (I got the Bells Winter White, and he got the DuClaw Sweet Baby Jesus, which is apparently a beer you don't see everywhere). Then we split a pound of the famous wings (delicious, crunchy, with the perfect amount of spicy) and the crispy chicken sandwich. The sandwich and fries were delicious and huge, but I could have gone without the guac. Otherwise, mmm. This was obviously a hand breaded chicken breast and fresh cut fries, so no corner cutting here.

They cleared our plates and then someone else came to clear the table of excess silverware, napkins and used glasses. This is a touch of good service you don't get at a place that isn't trying, and it was much appreciated. North Third, I'll be back.
Add this place to the list of "places I would have never found if it wasn't for YELP".  I was thinking last night after a long exhausting weekend, I wanted (1)neighborhood place (2)warm (3)low-key (4)good beer selection (5)selection of food from sandwiches through dinner entrees as I felt a little undecided at the time.  I found it all at North Third after searching and reading reviews.  There was a nice sized dinner special menu to add to the well rounded regular menu.

5 stars - Beer selection.  Ten beers on tap right in front of my eyes at the bar and I could have had each one of them (back in the day I would have ;-), the choice was varied and a very good varied.  I opted for the very hoppy, fresh Stone IPA.

5 stars - Service.  The bartender was helpful, friendly, attentive and quick.  Thank you.

3 stars - special App, pulled pork tacos.  A little dry and a little less pulled pork than I wanted, but adding some sriracha sauce livened it up.

4 stars - Tuna burger with Asian spices and sauce, served as requested -  rare, and you can taste the flair of the ginger.  Very very nice.  

4 stars - Fries were plentiful, hot, great dark brown color, I wish a little more crispy, but good fresh potato flavor.  

The person next to me at the bar had the Southern fried chicken.  It looked and sounded (yes you can hear the crispiness when being cut and bitten into) wonderful....ok, next time :-)

Street parking in Northern Libs was not a problem on a Sunday night.
Last night was my second time in North Third and it was AMAZING. The food there is so delicious and tasty. Its like a flavor explosion in my mouth. I want more!!!!!! The service is great---thanks to the bartender for being on top of his game. Ill be back soon! Dont forget to try the chocolate chip bread pudding for dessert.....*its mouth watering*
ps i love the decor
I don't know if its me, but it seems that the employees here are always gorgeous! And it attracts gorgeous people.

I guess that's why I go ;)

Heh, for serious though. The place is wonderful. They have a great menu, with huge portions and are really flexible and laid back. I would say that in fact there actually is a bit of a particular demographic that they attract at night. It's not a dive bar crowd, look nice but don't look like you're trying too and you'll fit in here.
I was actually pretty surprised that I hadn't reviewed this place already. North Third seems to be a spillover bar... it absorbs the wake of Standard Tap being too crowded at night or Honey's being too crowded for brunch. Personally, I think I like North Third better than both of the aforementioned spots. 

Waits for gasps...

North Third consistently delivers good food (the hipster approved beer selection is a given in nolibs) and an ever changing menu. The service is friendly even when it gets more crowded. Dinner is good and goes beyond standard pub fare. Also, I always notice something new in the eclectic decoration... do they change pieces of it occasionally or is it really that complex? Saturday and Sunday brunch is a relaxed affair here; there's always a table and a nice selection of breakfast and lunch food and drink. If you like chili and eggs, this is the place for you.
I've been here for Fancypants Cinema on Tuesday nights maybe 2-3 times. Come around for this event, Scott Johnson is a great emcee. Plus you get to watch movies by local filmmakers. 

It's a nice looking bar. The mussels are good, the calamari was poor (seriously, the quality was like the frozen boxes you get at the supermarket), drinks are affordable and strong. I'd like to try more of their food!

Since I've only been here Tuesday nights, parking isn't a big problem. Plus further up is a little strip mall with additional parking. I haven't had problems but I would say park at your own risk.
I don't live too far from N 3rd but tend to avoid it when I can in the evenings when I just want to sit at a bar and socialize.  Brunch on the other hand has always been fantastic!  The chili served over eggs and jalapeo corn bread is one of my all time favorite dishes!  There's a photo of it in their description above.  
I've taken my family here when they visit for brunch a couple times already and everyone has been happy [and stuffed] when we left.
most efficient server ever, who doubled as the bartender...who could hear my order even when i couldn't hear my own voice.
decent beer selection, fun-looking drinks.
the crowd was mellow.  the restaurant is dark--good for ugly dates--yes it's just that dark.
i got the ribs.  i had been craving ribs all day.  they forget to tell you it's a dry style type.  it's not bad...but not totally what i had been craving.  the portions are huge, so make room.
Good for pint...the brunch was 'not so much.'

I'm a fan of the controlled randomness of the decor. It's what Friday's and Applenuts go for, but fail miserably. Interesting and original art festoon the whole of the establishment. 

There are a few winners on the menu...the tuna burger springs to mind. It's real tuna, so one can order it as rare as one likes. In my case, I'd be happy to hit the filet with a hair dryer and call it done. It's served on brioche and accompanied by a genuinly hip aioli. Spot on. 

The brunch was mediocre at best. The mixed drinks are pricey, and food was a cut below expectation. I once tried using this (brunch) as a platform for a business meeting.  The mistake was mine, but certainly won't be repeated. The staff is a bit too...'free spirit, modern, hippy, urban' for any sort of professional engagement, and restaurant gets incredibly loud when it's full.  Brunch was a fail. 

Have a pint and a bite if you're in the neighborhood. Do your business and drink your cocktails elsewhere.
My third time at North Third was a much better experience than the first two, I will admit that, in which we were ignored and/or rushed out after eating. This time the food was good, my drink was alright, the waitress was nice enough, but there is nothing spectacular about this place that makes me want to go there all the time. Not to mention how ridiculously dark it is in there, I could hardly see my food. 

I had chicken quesadillas that were average and some Asian wings which were very yummy, and a blood orange margarita that had a regular orange slice in it... that's right, I said regular orange slice. I was excited to order it because I have never had blood orange anything before, and after that drink I'm still not sure I have. Anyway, my date had the tuna burger which he practically inhaled, but then again he loves the place and it was on his suggestion that we went there. Overall, North Third is okay, but not one of my favorites like some of my friends.
These place never disappoints. We've been going to north third since before is was cool lol..We went tonight after the Christmas activities in center city. I had the Thai chili wings, they are to die for. They truly are amazing, probably the best ever. I also had the fish taco which is also very very good. The atmosphere is great as well as the service. It was a nice night to sit outside so we did..Always great beers on tap, we will be back again.
Another pleasant dining experience.

Dropped by North Third after work before heading back to my hotel... I'm starting to like this area (Northern Liberties) of Philly more and more. If I somehow end up relocating out here, i would definitely look into moving into this area. I've gone 3 for 3 with the places I've visited so far, so that must mean something right?

Back to my review...

MY ORDER
Appetizer: (Veggie) Spring Rolls ($8)
Salad: Grilled duck, arugula, spinach, pear, goat cheese, & an orange poppyseed dressing ($10)
Drink: Brewer's Art Resurrection Ale ($5)

Went for the salad tonight, because I was still stuffed from lunch.

FOOD REVIEW
- The spring rolls were good... hot and crispy straight from the fryer... the sauce that it came with was tasty, though the accompanying slaw probably was a bit unnecessary (bland).
- The salad was also very good. The duck was very nicely grilled, with a lot more meat then I expected. The only thing (not the restaurant's fault) was that I found out tonight that I really didn't like goat cheese.
- The beer, was okay.

OVERALL
I liked the atmosphere of the place... the crowd ranged from the 20-somethings, middle-aged, and even a couple of (hopefully off-duty) firemen.

North Third had some other interesting items I would like to go back and try out, I just have to make sure I don't have Caribbean Jerk Chicken (with yams) for lunch again.

Oh, (very) minor note... they messed up on my tab, accidentally putting another table's items on it, but they quickly changed it for me. Just a note... won't stop be from going back again.
To me, this place almost epitomizes Northern Liberties.  Trying to raise the standard of its "better than your average bar/restaurant" feel, N. 3rd. has maintained an ecclectic menu, and kept a stronghold on a certain indie nonchalance that keeps the tightly tapered jean wearing population coming back for more.

It fits in perfectly as one of the cornerstones of an area that is coming into its own, while keep that street cred going.  And what I mean by street cred is, whatchosef at night, because a couple of blocks away you may still get mugged.

My favorite meal here is brunch, where there's actually some natural light coming through enabling you to see across the rooms.  I've even been lucky enough to dine on a morning that bread pudding was on the dessert menu.  If you see it, order it.  It's otherworldly.
Great food, okay service. 

I sampled the iceberg wedge salad, such an indulgence with bacon and creamy dressing. The hot wings were the best I have had in the city, seriously. The hummus plate was better than I expected, everything was fresh and it came with a tomato, cucumber, red onion and feta salad that was outstanding. The crispy chicken sandwich was very good, the bread tasted just like my mom's and it wasn't too greasy. Fries weren't great, not terrible either.

This is much better quality and variety than the bar food we have in Fairmount. I'd kill to have North Third in my neighborhood.
Last time I went to N. 3rd, I sat facing a very, very large painting of a woman's right breast.  

Never one to be fazed by the presence right above my eyes of a finely-shaped tit, I gave the stylish, boyishly-figured waitress my best professional look straight in the eyes.  And without averting my eyesight to the looming mamma-lith behind her, ordered a very good chicken breast sandwich and a jug of wine.



boobs.
So it was the third time that I ventured to North 3rd.  Each time has been at a different time in the day, this last time being for a late night drink.  We sat at the bar as all the booths were full and we were only a party of two.  Generally sitting at the bar is something I avoid, but in this case it was great.  The bartender was great at checking in and even let us sample some of the beer specials (just in time for beer week!)  

North 3rd is starting to become one of my favorite haunts in this city.  The decor is eclectic and feels like someone decorated for Halloween and never took them down.  It helps stimulate some good conversation.  The art is always worth mentioning too!  Who wouldn't want to talk about a 5'x5' painting of breasts.  

Being that it was late night, me and my friend decided on just sharing a plate of Hummus.  He claimed it was the best in the city and I must agree it was pretty darn good.  Its hard to make hummus exciting, but North 3rd manages to do it.  Every other meal I have had at this restaurant has been amazing as well, so I am glad they have yet to disappoint.   

I tried two new beers last night that were on tap.  One was an Amish 4 grain ale.  It was good and tasty, but following it up with Philadelphia Brewing Company's new red ale was a bad idea.  The latter beer was everything I have been waiting for from this new company.  For those who don't know (in philly I don't know how you can't) Yards Brewing Company split last summer, one half getting the name, the other half getting the building and starting what is now Philadelphia Brewing Company.  I tried what I guess was their Rowhouse Red Ale.  It was very good-complex and had many different layers to it.  It was heavy in that it punched a lot of flavor, but was really refreshing.  I am so psyched to try the rest of their line.

North 3rd has great service, food and brews.  I have yet to find a reason not to love it.
Love North Third. 

Whenever I am in Philly we stop by North Third. 

Te staff/ownership is great, they remember your face and treat you well. 

The decor is a little funky, but it totally works in the back bar/dining area. The scene of ppl is a good mix and a pretty eclectic group. 

The food is phenomenal. Everything from the starters to desserts you can't miss. I've had brunch here too and that was also delicious. 

Definitely recommend if you're in the area.
I wanted to like it here, but I was so unimpressed.  I had heard great things about North Third.  Sadly, I didn't experience any of them this morning at brunch.  I know that restaurants can't always accommodate weirdos like me who have food allergies, but usually, I can make do and find one thing on the menu.  I really struggled to find something to eat here, though.  I was shocked that they didn't have just one vegan option (for the love of God, put a tofu scramble or a bean dish on the menu) or that their vegetarian options couldn't be made vegan.  Their salads were tossed in boatloads of cheese and every other item was an omelet or egg burrito.  What was i supposed to do?  Sustain myself on a $6 fruit cup?  I finally decided to just go with the hamburger even though I'm not a heavy-duty meat eater.  The food service was slow, so when it did finally arrive, I was feeling pretty hungry.  I couldn't really enjoy it, though, as it was served on an egg-washed bun.  So basically, yours truly ended up eating just the meat patty with a tomato and guac for $11.  To add insult to injury, a group of rude patrons insisted on propping the door open while they waited in line so that everyone inside could enjoy the 43 degree weather (and the hostess didn't say a damn word to them).  I probably sound like a complainer to the average person that can eat whatever the hell they want, but it's not that uncommon for people to avoid dairy and eggs.  If you don't have any dietary restrictions you'll probably find something to enjoy here, but it's clear that the rest of us are screwed at North Third.  Can't say I'll be back here.
My first time at North Third was on a Friday night for a special dinner date.  The environment was quant and the decor was artsy (Frida meets from Dusk till Dawn). 

The service was good, the drinks are great and the food is amazing.

The Thai Chili wings are life altering.  I also had the grilled hanger steak and fritas.  The steak was a thick cut of tender, well-seasoned beef with a side of homemade steak fries.
After climbing I was craving a cobb salad. I yelped "cobb salad" near my current location and North 3rd appeared. How could I have forgotten!!?!??!

Needless to say, I ordered it and was in heavennnnn! So so so so good. The chicken is perfection. The dressing is outstanding. I can't wait to eat the other half of it tomorrow!

Oh also--my husband got the Braised Shortrib Special Sandwich--all we can say is we sandwish it were permanently on the menu! Holy cow was it good. Outstanding.
Service was great, too!!
For the second year in a row a group of us had brunch here on a Sunday after volunteering at Philabundance.  I emailed ahead of time and asked about reservations - they don't take them but said they would do their best to accommodate us and that they did.  I called before we headed over, our group had blossomed from 8 to 14.  Orders were taken, food delivered, drinks refilled in a very timely manner.  Coffee was full bodied - just the way I like it.  We broke a glass and a waiter appeared in seconds to clear it away.  I don't know why this place isn't as busy as Honey's as it is just as good although the decor is darker (probably even a better choice if you are recovering from a hangover).  I had the Chili and Eggs, extremely delicious.  Others sitting near me had the Salmon & Spinach Eggs Benedict and the Three Pigs.
Confession: I've only ever ordered the Thai, chili-glazed wings from North 3rd. 

Well, that's not true. The first time I went I got the wings AND a sandwich. All subsequent visits have ended with me and a plate of bare chicken bones.

My girlfriend always gets a salad when we go to North 3rd, which I inevitably skim some of. Their salads are awesome. Last night she got a smoked trout and shrimp salad, paired with arugula, shaved fennel, and a touch of perfectly-balanced creamy, unidentified dressing. While good, even great, the salads at North 3rd don't compare to the Thai, chili-glazed wings. 

The wings are, quite simply, my favorite wings. Sweet, spicy, meaty, crunchy, peanuty, awesome. And at $10 for a lb., they're reasonably priced.

Next time I go, maybe I'll try something else. Wait...no I won't. 

Go to North 3rd. Order their Thai, chili-glazed wings. Repeat.
Came here late in one evening and we got a table inside. I was confused by the interior design and I am still unsure if it is neat or too chaotic.

The beer selection was good and interesting. I like trying brews from the region.

Food: the menu had a lot of seafood options and it seems to be more unique than just the typical bar food. The menu was definitely more unique than many places nearby, and it caught me by surprise. Despite all that, I got a burger...I just really felt like a burger. So this means that I will be back to try other items. 

Overall first impression was good.
My boyfriend and I had plans to eat brunch up the street, but decided against waiting around for 45+ minutes for a table. We headed to North Third and we greeted and seated right away.

He chose the eggs benedict and I went for the Monte Cristo. Our meals came out within 10-15 minutes and were served with a decent size serving of fruit. My meal was a little overwhelming, but that's to be expected from a sandwich made with french toast instead of ordinary bread. At least now I get to look forward to having my leftover breakfast for dinner!

Two thumbs way up, I look forward to trying North Third again soon.
N. 3rd is a hoot. There are multiple different dining areas you can choose to sit in, and each one has a slightly different and increasingly unsettling theme. 

The specials are totally rocking. The food was great and dinner portions were generous. Enjoyed the beers & cider on the menu. The service was spot on. My date was cute too. ;) 


If I could do it over, I wouldn't do anything differently. Not even sitting right underneath a 5'x5' painting of breasts on what was approximately a third date.
I live only a few blocks away from North Third but had not ventured in until last night. Based upon Yelp reviews it sounded like a great place to take my visiting guests, but this proved to be a poor decision. Upon arriving, our group of four noticed a four top table outside that was empty, and only needed to have the dishes cleared. Upon asking the hostess if we could claim the table, we were told another party had already laid claim to it.

The restaurant was only filled to perhaps one half to one third capacity, and there did not appear to be any party waiting in the foyer or at the bar to be seated, so I am not exactly who this outside table was being reserved for. Having settled for indoor seating, we were marched through the restaurant to the secondary seating area. We noticed upon walking into this area that there were several tables by the front windows, allowing for a nice view, even if not on the outside. Instead, we were seated at a table in the very rear of the restaurant immediately next to the bathrooms, despite a half empty dining room. We again felt somewhat slighted. We were a group of well behaved professional adults, and felt that for some reason we were being tucked away out of view for some reason.

Despite our displeasure at the service so far, we decided to order drinks and numerous appetizers for sharing. These included the tuna ceviche, hummus platter, margherita pizza, eggplant fries, an order of "homemade" pierogis and vegetarian spring rolls. Once the food arrived, unfortunately, our experience at North Third did not improve.

While I will not say that the food was awful, it was certainly not good. The pierogis were plain and tasted no better than store bought frozen pierogis. The hummus too was simple and bland and compares with any store bought product. The margherita pizza was unseasoned and slightly burnt, and the spring rolls were mediocre at best. The only food item everyone seemed to enjoy were the eggplant fries.

These were hardly complex dishes to prepare but North Third managed to ruin all but one. With all of the local competing restaurants to choose from in Northern Liberties, it is hard to believe that this one has managed to stay in business if this is the best they can do. From start to finish this was a poor dining experience and I would surely never recommend this restaurant or return in the future. With so many other great dining options available in the area, I would suggest dining elsewhere.
i came later than usual on Saturday (around 11a) and was seated in the back dining room with my beau by the window.  I ordered the Chili and Eggs which I have found scrumptious on previous visits but lacked the zing this time.  Maybe the chef changed or he just forgot to add enough hot pepper because it was not spicy and bordered on bland.  The fiance was not wowed with his omelet either.  Plus the waiter, who I have had before and thought was great had a fair number of tables AND was mixing drinks at the secondary bar.  The food came out faster than you could say "would you like fries with that" but the check backs and dropping of the check were quite delayed.  Hopefully it was just a fluke but it really soured my opinion of North 3rd.
Tried North Third since it's near my friends house. I haven't tried this place so we figured we would give it a chance. 

Inside the restaurant ha a very hipster vibe that's decorated nicely for Christmas. It was warm and comforting and despite the door being opened and closed, it didn't feel cold. There was also a tv in the bar area which is nice for sports games.

We went for happy hour. The drink specials weren't anything to write home about and the cocktails aren't included in happy hour, which is unfortunate. 

We ordered wings as an app which were just okay. After the fact I wish I would have tried to Thai flavor instead of buffalo. I've definitely had better buffalo flavored wings but the size of them were pretty big.

I got fish tacos as my dinner. They were good but nothing to write home about. They seemed to be missing something but I'm not sure what it is. Also note the fish on them is fried..unsure if that makes a difference to anyone or not. My friend got the burger which she seemed to like as well. The fries were good but very greasy.. I know some people like them like that but I prefer mine not dripping in grease. 

The service was okay and friendly. We were seated initially by a group of loud customers but they ended up leaving so it was a better vibe afterward.

I looked on previous reviews and it seems as though brunch is good here.. so if anything I'd have to try the food then. Otherwise, I'm not sure I'd come back here for dinner anytime soon..maybe just drinks.
On a nice day what I love about this setting is the openness of either sitting inside next to the wide open windows/doorways or relaxing at one of the few outdoor tables.  If you shy away from the sun the inside is nice and dim with an eclectic collection of artwork that will have your eyes darting all over the place.

I've been happy with the food the last couple of times I've been there.  I'm not much of a brunch person, but the menu is diverse enough that I didn't have a problem finding something I truly enjoyed.  The service has always been friendly and quick.  

If your going in the evening for drinks I found the place was an average bar.  (This area has some very solid bars to compete against).  Kind of on the noisy side, so not so great for a group, but definitely good for a date.
While kicking around the Northern Liberties on Saturday, we stopped at North 3rd just before 5pm for a late lunch / early dinner.  The kitchen closed at 3 and did not open back up until 5 but, that was fine because by the time we ordered our drinks, the kitchen was open.

I ordered a beer, and my girlfriend ordered the blood orange margarita, which was pretty good, it tasted like grapefruit juice cocktail (which I like).  

For appetizers we order a pound of wings (a suggestion from a friend) and the hummus platter. The wings were awesome, and a pound ended up being about 10 wings, which was more than i thought it would be.  The hummus platter came with hummus, a feta amd cucumber salad, and warm pitas, it was pretty banging too.  If I would have known how big the apps were, I would have just split a sandwich, or just skipped the sandwich all together.  

But, before the apps came out we ordered the tuna sandwich (which we didn't even eat till later that night because we were both stuffed).  We also split the lamb burger, which was cooked medium, and it was amazing.  It was one of the best burgers I have ever had, and that is saying a lot because I am a big time carnivore.  The feta cheese, lettuce and tomatoes complimented the lamb perfectly (sadly this burger was on their specials menu).
 
N 3rd has a bar area, with tables, and an attached dining area with some larger tables and booths.  They also have some outdoor seating
along the sidewalk for tables of 2-4.

I am a big fan of  the atmosphere and food at North 3rd, and will be back there to eat and drink again.

SPECIAL NOTE:  While we were eating I saw Adam Gertler (The Next Food Network Star) enjoying some Saturday afternoon beers here.
I love punk rock brunch.

Visiting Phillie for the weekend, I stumbled into North Third almost on accident, having traveled up to Northern Liberties to visit the apparently famous Honey's Sit-n-Eat, but not willing to wait the hour it was going to take to get seated.  So, seeing a much smaller crowd at an establishment only a block away, we decided to wander in and see what was up.

Inside we were greeted with weird, eclectic decor, tattooed staff and patrons, and the smell of delicious fried things coming out of the kitchen.  We bypassed the half hour wait by grabbing seats at the bar, and within minutes were perusing the menu with drinks in hand.

The menu was one in which I wanted to try everything on it--very chorizo heavy, lots of somewhat unusual combinations, and overall extensive, with both vegetarian and meaty options (though definitely MUCH more of the latter).  I ended up ordering the breakfast poutine, which was big, delicious Belgian-cut french fried with melted mozzerella and a fried egg, all topped with red wine gravy.  Yu-um. The french toast, which my boyfriend ordered, was also solid (though there was nothing particularly unusual about it).

My complaints about the place are two.  First: all restaurateurs reading this, please pay close attention (because this is a complaint I have about a lot of restaurants):  if you have an establishment in a major metropolitan area, chances are there are LOTS OF VEGETARIANS trying to eat at your establishment.  So, it just makes good business sense to cater to them.  North Third looked like the type of place that would have been very vegetarian friendly, but it wasn't, not particularly.  Out of their huge menu, there were only three vegetarian options, but if they'd have just offered veggie sausage or veggie chorizo, they could've made most of the menu vegetarian friendly, all while keeping the prices the same and the essence of the food the same.  So, that's one complaint.

The second?  Their elderflower kir royale should've been delicious, since it was made out of champagne, St. Germaine, and Chambord, three of the tastiest alcoholic beverages in existence, yet it tasted like cough medicine.  And their mimosas, while strong, were not cold enough and also tasted sort of gross and flat.

However, complaints aside, the food was delicious, the wait wasn't as bad as its neighbors, the service was friendly, and if you're in the neighborhood, its definitely a solid choice.
Great food, but a little pricey.  I like to go from time to time as a treat.  Outside seating in the summer.  The burgers rock!
North Third has been on my list of places to go for way too long. 

I love good bar food. I love good beer. I am always in NoLibs....

So what's the hold up?!?!

I finally made it and I'm pleased to say it exceeded my expectations. 

Good array of taps, nice selection of Belgian bottles, a few specialty cocktails, sangria and wine. The fish taco special was tasty. The spicy mayo the fries came with was awesome. The clam dish was good, it had a nice amount of spice and chorizo in it. 

The one thing that didn't do it for me was their hummus. I inevitably order the hummus plate from any establishment which offers one, usually they are good, this one wasn't.

Comfort levels are high here. I really dug the inside. The bar is cozy but not overwhelmingly small. Lots of tables spread out throughout the room. Our food came out quickly, the bartender was great and our beers were never empty.

A few reviews mention the noise level. The only noise problem I experienced here came from a woman seated at the bar. Armed with a glass of white wine (presumably not her first), her conversation about "how messed up she was" and apparent mommy issues was at a volume of epic levels. Damn. I don't know that I've ever heard someone that loud at a bar in daylight. 

Aside from that, there was nothing atypical about the noise in the bar. It rose and fell according to crowd size. Usual ambient noise. 

Side note: I appreciate a Logan's Run reference more than most, but I'm not digging their website. I know they have the film screen motif going on, but they can do better. More info, less unnecessary creepy posing. 

In closing, their beers and food aren't revolutionary but it's a solid place all around. I'll definitely be going back soon. Bonus points for having No Reservations on the TV. ;)
Went to brunch here w my family on a Sunday. It was the first time for all of us. We all enjoyed it! Good Bloody Mary's! I ordered something from the special menu - blueberry pancakes topped w whipped ricotta. It was amazing!! Friendly waitstaff too. No complaints here :)
Best place ever!!!!! 

I loved the food here so much we came back the next day for brunch.
We were visiting some friends that live in Philly and this place was extremely memorable. 

It reminds me of the "tu tu tango" restaurant in coconut grove. 

Service was great, drinks and food were phenomenal!!!!
Love this spot!

I'm normally one to write a long winded review, but for once I'll keep it short and to the point.

Service, friendly, and with a smile.
The crispy chicken sandwhich is my favorite.
The burg is the bf's favorite.
Wash it down with a cold beer on tap - you can't go wrong.

Outdoor seating/opening of the long doors in the nicer weather - and you got a combination that keeps me and the bf coming back.

Prices are great for the area too.

Never had brunch here, but may have to force myself to wake up in time to head on over.

The only downside of this joint - is the parking.....good luck, you'll probably circle around for a bit.

I thankfully haven't come into any of the rude hostesses that people have described, I certainly hope I never do either!
When I last left North Third, my opinion was mixed to say the least - I love their menu, but felt the service was lackluster, culminating in a maddening show of negligence by our waiter. For exactly one year, North Third was on our "Oh No, Not There..." list.

But what if things were different? What if my memory was purged of everything that was frustrating about North Third? What if we finally had the server to match the quality of the food, making it the solid NoLibs attractions I always wanted it to be?

I'm happy to report that North Third is my friend again. I greatly regret not getting the name of our server last Thursday, as she was helpful, friendly and attentive.

I can finally give proper respect to the food and drink selections, all of which still manage to impress. The wings are perfection, the sandwiches always worth it, and the pirogis are still choice. They always keep interesting beer choices from the best breweries around, so if you're a beer fan this place doesn't disappoint.
Great little restaurant in northern libs. It's a mix of good bar food fused with savory deliciousness. The atmosphere is laid back but with hilarious artwork. We sat in front of a picture of breasts, which we thought was hilarious. For food we tried the truffle cauliflower and fries to start out, both were delicious. We also tried the wings which were pretty okay (I'm very particular though). We got the special house sauce which was a pretty good buffalo sauce, but our friends got the Asian sauce and loved it. All in all, this place is a nice casual restaurant that accommodates large groups if needed and we were all content with our meals!
The food here is SO DELICIOUS. The kitchen wasn't opening until 5:00pm, but they were happy to seat us and serve us drinks when we arrived at 4:45. Our waitress took our order as soon as the kitchen opened and was very attentive. I had the tomato soup off the regular menu and a spicy honey chicken sandwich, which was one of the specials.

The tomato soup was described as coming with "grilled Vermont cheddar cheese." I thought that meant there would be cheese on top of my soup, but no. IT ARRIVED WITH AN ACTUAL GRILLED CHEESE SANDWICH. It was awesome, obviously. And the soup itself was so creamy it was orange. 

My chicken sandwich was great too, huge and fried and topped with diced pickles (!!) which I loved, but might've been hard for a pickle hater to pick off. And the French fries reminded me of boardwalk fries. 

Highly recommended! I can't wait to go back.
I've been coming here for brunch for a long long time, not just for the food but the Bloody Marys with Absolut Peppar are phenomenal. I was there last week for weekend brunch and decided to try something that wasn't my usual Chili & Eggs (by far best thing on the menu), so I tried the eggs benedict with spinach which was also incredible. 
another plus about this place is the ample parking. never have I had to park more than a block away from the restaurant. 

I would say that I was incredibly disappointed by my last experience there. a friend and I showed up late to our table of three friends whom had already begun to eat, and it took our server (Montana I think her name was) FOREVER to come over to us. we were at the very last 4 person booth up against the windows in the back and tried to put a chair at the end for our 5th friend but she gave us an unnecessary attitude saying that we were blocking the aisle (are you kidding me? what aisle? there's nowhere for anyone else to go!) 
we decided to throw her a little curve ball by giving the 5 of us separate checks which she handled fairly well except for messing two of them up. they were sitting on the table with our credit cards in them for about 20 minutes before she picked them up, just to come back with 2 of them and say that they have $15 minimum on credit cards which is THE MOST RIDICULOUS THING I HAVE EVER HEARD. a credit card minimum at a restaurant? are you EFFING kidding me?! 

despite our bitchy, unprofessional server, the food here is excellent.
Best brunch in nolibs.  There, I said it.  

There's a special menu every day (with different stuff on it), and there's a ton of variety.  You don't have to wait for days to get seated (like a certain other brunch spot a block away whose name rhymes with Bunnies).  

The staff is super friendly, even when you don't respond to them for a good minute while staring off into space trying to piece together where you where last night, what you did, and how to get the goat out of your living room.  Hint - they really like hay (goats, not the staff).

So next time you plan on going to that other brunch place, just walk one more block east...
I've been here for drinks a few times, but this past Sunday I decided to give North Third Brunch a shot. I was pleasantly surprised. My party of 4 walked into the place around 11am and were seated immediately (just beat the morning rush). I ordered the Brioche French Toast topped with whipped cream and strawberries while my friends ordered the Chicken and Waffles, Ribs and Eggs, and Granola Pancakes. First off, best french toast I ever had EVER (I wasn't even that hungover). Being that it is important for me to write an accurate review, I also tried all the other dishes at the table and they were fantastic. As for the ambiance, a chill place and my male friends thoroughly enjoyed looking at the boobs all over the wall.

My only caution: the chicken and waffles don't come with gravy, if you want a side of gravy it is an extra $5. Would have been nice of the waitress to tell us that when she offered that option.
Due to frequent shifts in chefs, I steered away from North Third for a while.  But  for the last year things have been spot on.  Delicious, hearty, reasonably priced meals.  A top pick for casual dinner in Northern Liberties.
I've been to North Third a few times now and have enjoyed each experience. The decor is interesting to look at and gives the place a comfortable atmosphere without seeming like it's tried too hard.

The first time I came here on a date and sat in the front of the place. Our waiter was friendly and helpful with specials suggestions, but not too pushy. Both myself and my date enjoyed our meal. I started with the tomato soup and my date the squash soup which were both very good and well flavored. We both also enjoyed our entrees of salmon and a pulled pork sandwich respectively. 

The most recent time I was there was with a larger group and we sat at the back bar. The bartender was friendly and patient with our somewhat flitting attention spans. I, being a creature of habit, had the pulled pork sandwich again and again enjoyed it. Their beer list isn't as large as some other places you can find in the area, but what they have is interesting enough. 

I had attempted to host my last birthday gathering here and while I was told that they don't take reservations, they were very helpful and accommodating for planning a really large group on a Saturday night. Unfortunately, the weather had other plans and we had to cancel, but I image that the evening would have gone smoothly had it not been for the few feet of snow in the way. 

I definitely recommend this place if you're looking for somewhere that will have good food, good beer and a nice, laid back, welcoming atmosphere.
Me and 2 of my friends came here on a Sunday night at 11ish.  Nice to see places still serving food at that time on a Sunday night.  My friend loves this place, he usually comes here to pregame.

I ordered the fish and chips.  The fish is a bit fishy (but I am not a big fan of fish, I just like tartar sauce), so if that is your thing, then go for it.  The fries are good.  The place isn't that expensive for their sandwiches.  Something like 9 bucks for a sandwich and fries.  The waitress that night was very nice.

One more thing, they have this tv room (which I didn't go in to) that shows a fav show or something.  I think that's a really cool idea, so if you want to go out and see a favorite show that most of the locals like, then you can have a sort of a dinner and a show, but outside of your apt.  Real cool!
I've enjoyed hanging out at this place. Oh, the first time was exciting cause some pink shirt wearing popped collar preppy types tried to do a drink and dash- there was a chase! Sirens! I wonder if they caught em, the freakin scallywags.

Anyway, I never received any update on that triflin' crime attempt because I pretty much didn't return to North Third for almost a year. And that brings us to the present day, or really, thrice in the last couple of months. (An opportunity to say, "thrice," how I relish you.) There's a good array of quality beers at North Third, and I've happened to find a comfortable nook in which to drink them.

It's like all have stated, the atmosphere and decorating are all macabre-yet-festive in that Day of the Dead kinda way. Spooky yet sparkly, plus that portrait of the big healthy mams. I understand why so many feel the need to mention them. Cause they're like right there. I might start staring off into space, and shake my head, snapping back to...and I'm staring at them. I feel like a creep...

 I'm telling you, I was just sitting there, zoning out, waiting for my calamari or fries. That's all I've tried as far as foodstuffs, so far. I'll see about changing that soon because, as for at the calamari and fries for a quickie bite, they well passed muster. Both perfectly crispy and seasoned. The calamari was cooked just right too, good going. 

Really, what I've mostly done here, is drank in the dark. I do mean that in the most macabre-yet-festive way.
Chill bar/restaurant in No Libs. Food always pretty good and they always have a specials menu with good offerings. Happy hour is $2 off beer, but no cocktail or food specials. A little week but you can still snag a lager or yards for $2 on HH. Cocktails are good - mojito martini is one of my top favorites. Id recommend if you're in the area looking for casual affordable eats.
This is a very chill laid back place to go. It's always a calm atmosphere with dimly lit dining area, which gives it a cool vibe. Usually when I come here I get wings and fries, however I've had a few other dishes and they were all great. The drinks are amazing as well. They serve dinner late, which is always a plus. The only complaint I have is parking. It's a pain trying to find a spot on any given day of the week...

Overall this is a great place to dine, drink and hangout. Definitely the go-to spot when I'm in Philly and don't have dinner reservations!
This place is one of the best bars in Philadelphia, hands down. The asian-style wings have me coming back again and again. The burger is also one of the best in the city along with the mac n' cheese.

I was disappointed when I was told that they no longer carry Brewers Art Resurrection (N3rd was the only place in the city that carried it on draft) and it's a damn good dubbel.

Downsides? None, really. The wait staff usually seems annoyed but I would be too after working in that dank, loud place all day long. Plus I hate most wait staff where ever I go.

Extra points for their ridiculous and obnoxiously over the top website.
Cheers!
Got a craving for bread pudding while we were in town and North Third did not disappoint. We called around to a few different well rated places to see if they had any bread pudding, North Third said they had chocolate chip, so here we are. 

This bread pudding was everything it should be. Cold ice cream, warm bread pudding, and the chocolate drizzle! We also got some spiked apple cider. It wasn't as hot coming out as I would've liked, but it was still good cider. 

The decor was awesome. We sat at the bar and there was a humongous red, white and blue eagle hanging over the alcohol. Very interesting stuff to look around at!
North Third is a great spot for dinner and drinks.  They have an excellent selection of local and regional drafts and a big (but not excessive) menu.  From wings, to salads, to burgers, to a nice steak you have plenty of options. 

Price wise it's not overly expensive but a step above normal bar food. 

Parking has become pretty though in Northern Liberties these days, so if you're having trouble your best bet is down near Spring Garden.
It's like the staff gets off on being rude.  I won't dive deep into my encounter as the shitty service is extensively detailed in other low ratings.

Yes, you guys hold the reigns to seating/drinks/food here..... but while North Third is decent (imagine 'decent' in italics), it's nowhere near special, elite, or even supremely cool status.  This is your standard kinda hipstery middle of the road bar in terms of food/drink/atmosphere.  I'm confused about where the inflated egos and sense of power is coming from??

I'm not impressed with ya, staff.  I'm led to wonder what inadequacies you face in your lives to act so unprofessionally.
Being able to buy a liter of Duvel would have sold me just on its own. But then the french fries and the lentil soup (two of my favorite foods on the planet) and the fact that it feels like el dia de los muertos in here...amazing.
A party of three should be easy to accommodate for Brunch - that's not the case for Honey's on a Sunday at 11am... My partner, one of his close friends from undergraduate, and I decided to meet up this Sunday for Brunch at Honey's. We got there only to find a 45 minute wait for inside dining or immediate seating outside (mind you today is roughly 51F, cloudy, and windy - not an option). We politely cued up to wait... About after 3 minutes of waiting, we decided to check out the neighborhood. We made it one block and stumbled upon North Third! The outside is cool, sleek, and somewhat sophisticated - very comparable to Honey's but with a more modern look. It had that hole in the wall feel, and best of all - there was no long line of hipsters in their frighteningly tight jeans, beat down tees, and overly absorbed attitudes milling about outside... 

Without skipping a beat, we decided to check it out! The inside is very, um, I guess eclectic would be the word. A nice bar, masquerade masks, carnival masks, and random paper-mache masks adorn the walls. There's even an eagle kite affixed to the ceiling above the bar! Pretty cool. We were seated in less than 5 minutes in a booth right by the window! 

The menu was small, but had a lot of really good sounding options. My partner got the French Toast (big surprise on that one), our friend got Huevos Rancheros, and I got the chicken & broccoli rabe omelet. The food was good, the service was wonderful, and we did not feel like we were being forced to eat and vacate so the next hungry patrons could sit. The conversation was good, the company great, and the place outstanding!
Okay, I only stopped in for a quick drink, but I was definitely impressed. I loved the funky, slightly macabre decor (with plenty of naked ladies and an enormous butterfly), and they got extra points for sitting the couplewithbabyinstroller underneath the big boobs picture. The beer selection was unique (some sort of secret ale?) and the bathroom was oddly shaped. I love oddly shaped rooms. And they turned on baseball for me. Good first impression; I will be back!
Best thing about this place? Neither you nor your dining companions have to choose what type of food you'd like to eat- they have everything!  And it is all delicious. Case in point- last time I ate there I started with some edamame before moving onto a tasty and uber-filling bowl of chicken corn chowder.  My friends ate a burger, spring rolls, pierogies and a chicken quesadilla.  The cuisine of the world is your oyster at North Third.

And if you need any other prompting, they have Allagash White, which is my summertime boyfriend.
I just went here last night to celebrate a birthday.  The lighting is a little too dim for my liking.  They have a nice selection of beer and specialty drinks.  I had some of the pierogies, which were amazingly delicious.  I also had the roasted beet salad, it was good but I was expecting some more beets and goat cheese.  My friends all ordered meat dishes, I think the pork chop with mashed potatoes and apples went over the best with everyone and I think the mahi mahi wrapped in proscuitto was the least liked.  It was good time, good music, and the decor is fun to look at.

ETA:  I drove here and the place isn't well lit from the outside.  I drove by it once and I've been here before.
Tried and True.  Solid and consistent.

This place hits the spot always, be it a weekend brunch, late night eats or for an impromptu lunch or weekday supper.  I eat and drink here almost on a weekly basis and as my residency in Northern Liberties nears the seven-year itch mark, North Third has stood by me and has rarely let me down.  For that, it deserves five stars, all the way.

Not to mention: 

Service always prompt and friendly.  Food well-prepared and yummy.  Great beer, wine list and cocktails and they always offer up a nice rotating specials menu.

As this neighborhood expands, grows, (so fast!) it's so comforting to know that North Third is there:  Steady, unique, delicious and thankfully unaffected.
Admittedly, I feel that there's something wrong with me when I think of North Third. My true vote probably floats somewhere between 3 and 4 stars.

I've been there a handful of times now for dinner, drinks and even brunch. I'm consistently happy with the creativity of the special dishes. I'm pretty satisfied with the various plate options available -- seafood, chicken, pork, beef and vegetarian options: pretty great.

However, the food as good as it sounds just fails to impress me when I'm actually eating it. The service at the establishment could also be better in my opinion.

Just feels like the place should be better, though quite isn't there yet.

My suggestion, it's a definite must-try. If you like mojitos - get one of their mojito margaritas or whatever they call 'em and get it on the rocks.
Oh, North Third, your quirky decor and eclectic menu warm the cockles of my cold, snarky heart.

I can take vegetarians and carnivores to you, placid family or my most raucous friends. In the winter, you have mulled wine! In the summer, you have sangria! All year round, you make me happy.

Your food is tasty (though your menu could stand to change a little bit more often). Your bizarro-land artwork makes me smile. What is not to love about you, North Third? You did lose my boyfriend's hat when he left it in our booth-- but I hated that hat! Hurray!

North Third, keep on keeping on. I'll be back.
Great food, great atmosphere, great service. I came here with my boyfriend and a friend on a Monday evening.  Our server was very attentive throughout. He gave good menu suggestions and checked on us frequently.  The dining area was full of interesting things to look at while we waited, although the food came pretty quickly. We ordered the thai chili wings, oysters, free range chicken, and the trout. Everything was delicious with healthy portions.
I will certainly be back.
I pretty much agree with EVERYBODY (and I mean everybody) else on N. 3rd.  Great food, great & busy artsy eye-catching decor and perfect for brunch.  (SCORE!  A near-perfect bloody mary with a great kick to it.)

We enjoy it here - but it can be a crowded cluster-f&%k at peak times.
I used to love north third. I mean love, I even continued coming here after the server LOST my debit card while paying my check. I was here a week or so ago and found the service and food to be meh. The servers have always been slightly surly, but that has increased. Our food was meh, the fish tacos were absolutely terrible. Pretty much fried fish stick with some lettuce on a tortilla. The veggie spring rolls tasted different then they had before, & their calimari which I had previously raved about was very fishy tasting and rubbery, the red sauce to dip was equivalent to ketchup.
I can't count on two hands how many times I've been to North 3rd... maybe if I had two and a half hands...

If you're in the mood to splurge and are very hungry, try as much as possible because they have an amazing cook/kitchen.  My favorite appetizers are the wings (which I think they've won awards for) and the spring rolls.  The "specials" menu changes often to keep things new and fresh, which is good.  However, they do bring back some fan favorites every now and again like The Cubano - my favorite sandwich in the history of sandwiches.   It has layered grilled pork, turkey and ham, diced pickles, swiss cheese and chipoltle on what I think is Sarcone's bread.  If you're from Philly or know the Italian Market hot spots, you have to have balls to put your sandwich on Sarcone's bread.

I'll continue to go back to this place because the food is amazing, it has a very unique decor and the beer selections are pretty good.  Also, the mixed drinks are top notch.
my review was written in oct 2012, but was not posted: here it is
First off- the people who wrote about sullen employees but didn't have "bad" service should stop complaining. although their review was funny it was not accurate. while most of northern liberties is filled with hipsters that cannot find a job with their art degree, this place had friendly employees and great speedy service. I've been there a few times. Amazing service. prompt and knowledgable. Bread and split pea soup were so yummy on a cold night which we followed by the pulled pork tacos- best I've ever had. And perfect meal - lamb burger with arugula and feta. Everything tasted great, atmosphere was dim and cozy and on the way out I smelled someone else's wings and considered getting an order to go because I was stuffed but they smelled absolutely incredible! Go here- great food, service, atmosphere. A++++
