We took a chance and visited North Bowl on a weekend. After reading reviews, we knew that there was a solid chance of having to wait a bit for a lane and so we inquired about wait times upon entering. We were quoted a three hour wait and so we did our best to tough it out. The lady at the front desk was nice and pointed out the bars and recreation area upstairs where we could pass time. We ventured upstairs for awhile, ordered drinks and played air hockey. Eventually, we tired of the neverending wait and forefieted the buzzer. NorthBowl has a cool vibe. Very good spot to chill, however, if you are going for bowling, be prepared to spend time waiting during peak hours.
The bowling and atmosphere are great, but none of that matters when the company itself is corrupt...

Last night, a few coworkers and I went bowling here.  We're all in the service industry, so we enjoy a few things: seeing how other restaurants work, eating, drinking, and of course, tipping well (not just because the server did a great job, but to get some karma points for our next shifts).  We enjoyed great food, strong drinks, and played many silly games of bowling.  All is well that ends well, right? SO wrong!

When we got the bill, we noticed that gratuity had been added.  This is quite standard for large parties, and our restaurant does it to any check over $50, so we are quite aware and comfortable with the idea of restaurants ensuring their servers make a livable wage.  What we were not comfortable with was my coworker noticing that the dollar amount of his "18% Gratuity" was actually around 35% of his total.  No other words come to mind than that shit cray! What kind of company is this? But it doesn't end there...

The second very VERY strange thing about this place is that our first receipts simply had the grat, tax and total on them.  I've been to a billion restaurants AND bowling alleys  in my 22 years, and never have I been to one that did not give itemized receipts.  It just looks shady whether or not the restaurant is actually messing with your bill.  So, when we discovered the problem of the grat, we asked the server for a fixed grat and new itemized receipts.  Third very strange thing: his response was "we can't reprint receipts".  Are you kidding?! Again, as a server I know that pretty much every POS system from beloved Aloha to the outdated Micros lets you reprint receipts.  This restaurant uses Digital Dining, I have a lot of friends who's restaurants use Digital Dining, they have confirmed they can reprint receipts.  Nice try Xavier.

Finally, we got corrected bills with no grats (which wasn't necessary, we would have paid the 18%) and itemized receipts (Aha! You can do it... duh), sorted things out, and left.  At this point, we were so livid that we decided to not leave any tip.  The manager and server then came outside and yelled at us for not signing our receipts, so we left a less than par tip.  

Final very strange thing: after signing the receipts, the manager and server start making fun of us, saying how we are clearly too drunk to deal and our being intoxicated is what started all of this mess.  They were extremely unprofessional, clearly could not care less about their mistakes, and unfortunately were just very wrong.  I'm not going to say I could have driven a car at that point, but I was nowhere near wasted status, and I'm pretty sure my coworker's phone wasn't drunk when it calculated the grat at 35%.

I love Northern Liberties, I love food, I love drinking, and I love bowling.  However, I dislike corrupt companies trying to weasel more money out of their customers more than I love all of those things.  Nice try North Bowl, your tricks and antics did not work this time.  I hope you enjoyed making yourself look silly and pathetic.
Such a fun idea and great overall establishment! 

We went with friends on a Saturday night in December, fully expecting a wait (they don't take reservations) and were informed it would be about an hour and a half.  We got drinks at the bar, which were pretty decent, and had time to chat and order another round before our lane was available.  Waiting is very comfortable, since you can order food and drink, plenty of seating (well, there was for us that day!), and lots of distractions.

We lucked out and were assigned the last lane on the left, so we had a cozy corner to ourselves.  We had a waiter come by, and grabbed more drinks for us when we asked.  We also ordered tater tots to share - the Wavey, which is old bay seasonings served with cheese on the side.  SO good! (And for any of you germaphobes, they come with forks, so no worries about touching the dirty balls, then handling putting food #win!

There's an upstairs area too, it was closed off for a private event while we were there so didn't get to check it out.  A great place to come on a date, or with friends - it's pretty noisey, so be prepared to shout!

Hours and pricing info below:
Hours
//Mon-Fri: 5PM-2AM 
//Sat & Sun: 12PM-2AM

Pricing:
//HH Bowling (Mon-Fri 5-7PM) : $3/pp/game
//Regular Bowling (Mon-Fri 7PM-2AM) : $5.95/pp/game
//Weekend Bowling (Sat & Sun 12PM-2AM) : $5.95/pp/game
//Shoes: One time shoe rental fee of $4.40
I really love North Bowl. However, so does everyone else (so so crowded on weekends) which is why it gets 4 stars instead of 5.
I was here last weekend and had to wait almost 3 hours for 2 lanes. But North Bowl has so many other ways to amuse yourself, it didn't really bother me until after hour 2. Two bars, arcade games, pool tables, and a photo booth can amuse you for quite a while. They even have a snack machine with random things like fake moustaches, perfect for photo ops. Also, the tater tots really hit the spot after pitchers of $8 PBR. (They actually have a nice beer selection, but isn't one of the best parts of bowling the cheep beer?) I hope to have better luck on my waiting time next visit!
This is the best bowling alley I've ever been to.  Although it is a bit pricey ($5 to $6 a game), it's worth every penny.  This is the most unique bowling alley you will find in the city.  When you get a strike, clips of old PBA professionals performing celebratory dances will appear on your monitor.

The music is fantastic.  You will hear a great mix of soul, 80's and rock.  If they held some sort of late night soul/bowling party I would assume I've died and gone to heaven.  The interior just blows me away.  Lots of exposed brick, antiques from the olden days of bowling and really cool Big Lebowski artwork.

The selection of beers is nothing to write home about.  If I could, I would give the service ten stars.  The girls are extremely fast and attentive.  Plus, they are all extremely cute and hipsters, which I'm a total sucker for ("Oh, I see you're wearing cool nerdy glasses, will you marry me?")

They have pool and video games on the 2nd floor, which is a nice little change-up if you're done with bowling.  I've been here when there were multiple parties going on and they seemed to be well taken care of.  I would definitely entertain the idea of throwing a party here in the future (Yelp event anyone??).

One more thing...They have tater tots on the menu!  I feel like I'm back in 3rd grade at the lunch table, deciding which person to hit with spitballs!  If you're looking for a welcome change from the typical bowling experience, this is it.
North Bowl is a lot of fun. I've been for larger parties with the entire upstairs rented out (pre-covid) and for the occasional night out. Most recently, I stopped by with my boyfriend and another couple on a Friday night. We called ahead and learned they don't take lane reservations, so we were told to arrive as close to 5 PM as possible. We arrived shortly after 6 and there were plenty of available lanes.

Shoe and lane rentals are cash only, and they have an ATM. We got our shoes, grabbed some bowling balls, and proceeded to our lane. When we got there, we saw QR codes that you could scan to order food and drinks, and these can be paid for via card. We placed some food and drink orders and started bowling.

The service was very slow, and we were one of just 3 total parties using a lane. We would have been better off going up to the bar and ordering drinks and bringing them back to the lane ourselves. It was also surprising when another party sat down at the immediately adjacent lane (we shared the middle table, keypad, and whatever it is you call the thing that holds the balls and sends them back) when there were other completely open lanes. This made things cramped with all of the food and drinks we had on the table.

A few of us had the pineapple margarita and it was delicious! A bowling alley bar seriously has no business serving a marg that good. I would definitely return just to have one of them in the outdoor area in the front.

For the food, the tots here are delicious. We also tried the bao buns and they were pretty good too! Overall, it was a bit expensive for the portions we received.

A few heads up, this is a strictly 21+ establishment and they are checking vaccine cards at the door. It gets busy on the weekends, so I'd opt for arriving early or coming on a week night.
I finally made it to North Bowl for a happy hour that extended well into the evening on St. Patty's Day. We hung out at the bar upstairs, which was relatively quiet until around 7 or 8pm. Our bartender was fantastic and I was an instant fan of her blackberry bourbon smash cocktail. Woooo, that was some potent sipping! 

Eventually, it was time to grab some food and I loved the buffalo chicken salad, which I requested with ranch dressing instead of the balsamic and thousand island dressings that come standard. The chips with salsa and queso are a great snack, and the long tots with longhots and cheese are completely delicious.  

Best of all were the vibes - kind of island-y, plus a super amazing playlist that was later replaced by a DJ who was fantastic. I also loved the local artwork, which became a topic of discussion between almost everyone seated at the bar at one point. We called it a night around 10:30 but I could have partied all night in that atmosphere. Can't wait to return (and I don't even love bowling)!
This place is so sexy and hip! I'm a DCist and I'm sad to say we have nothing like this. Ultra spacious, sleek, artsy, multifunctional space that is sure to please all. Between the bar, food, lounge areas, pool tables, bowling lanes, and arcade games, you're bound to find something that suits your fancy and remain entertained all evening. The DJ was pretty great, mixing Radiohead, Salt 'n' Pepa, and everything in between. The upstairs bathrooms consist of a row of spacious unisex single bathrooms with large pedestal sinks and two mirrors, which was such a great luxury for a change! We were there late Sunday night, and it seemed like everything cost $2! I guess there were some sort of specials going on. Cheap bowling and tater tots make for a great evening. If only I had any semblance of bowling skills, I could have a good time and still retain my self esteem at the end of the night. Minus 1/2 star for making me feel slightly crappy for sucking it up (too bad if that's not their fault).. and minus the other half for making it absolutely freezing in there on Sunday night! The chicks will dress hotter if you keep it warm, North Bowl! Anyway, I can't wait to return!
The Last time I bowled,I was in Elementary school & my mom signed my sister & I up for summer league. They taught us how to hold the bowling bowl, proper form, etc. 
Now, We really suck. Some of my friends decided it be great idea to get bunch of us, go bowling. We went here on a Friday night .Got there around 7:30pm.Parking was Ok,but the later it gets, harder it will be. We had a wait 15-20 min..ended up sooner then that. I was starving so I split fish tacos with friend & their Infamous Tater tots-Spanish ones.I was quite impressed.For it being a Bowling alley, the bar had great assortment, so did the menu. WE bowled 2 games..had a great time. Course my days of scoring 116, 154, are gone. I couldn't even bowl pass 100 .So sad. Lucky to even get a strike-Whoo-hoo!! I came in 2nd place out of 7 people.I'd go back for sure for the sure Hell of it, fun time with friends!! The upstairs, had video games, pool, air hockey and a smaller lounge-it was nice.
Observation: Why are the Hipsters, women & men coming in like its a night club??! WTH?? REALLY..dressed with skimpy dresses, hooker heels, then trying to bowl in skirt! Come on?!!!!!! One girl had a skirt, see thru.all the way to the thong  & it was not appealing.  Others had on dresses so short, if you bend a little , to bowl half their stuff be hanging out!!!  The guys , I can't even begin what the hell they were wearing, too tight, just ahot mess. Shorts, capris, jeans, How bout thos-no??! You can look cute with that too..not like a 2 cent hooker!! Awful.....
I'm a freelancing, self-employed fancy pants gal, but I moonlight as an arts and crafts teacher because my martha outlet just needs a dose of mod podge now and then. My boss at the arts and crafts ranch is swell. So swell she invited us to a holiday party at the north bowl. 

I used to bowl when I worked in pharma on a league. I loved it. I kinda grew up in a bowling alley. My mother played on a ladies league and they had a babysitter room where I could peek out and hear the crashing of pins and the triumphant peals of joy from my mother. Then one of my friends from the babysitting room used to always have bowling parties. Which imho were always better than rollerskating. I suck at rollerskating something horrid. Which is tragic because I would love to be a roller girl in my spare time. 

SO back to the bowl. It was fun. A great place for coworkers to further make fun of each other. Especially our boss. We had a ton of the varieties of tots. Oh these tots make sonics tots look like...well sonics tots. So delicious. Try the breakfast ones with the fried egg on top....soooo yum. 

Then after a good hearty scrubbing of the hands we had our staff meeting and dinner. For a group of ten or so where several were vegetarians and or picky the menu suited everyone. B, M and I shared the buffalo mac and cheese which had us all trying to poke the other with a fork to share. 

It was a fun time and I look forward to going back. What was even more fun was the walk back to the El, with my quasi-coworkers. It was really just a great night!
I'm not too shabby at Wii bowling. Bowling Buddies on Facebook can keep me occupied for hours. But real life bowling...uh, I kinda suck at it. Actually, I really, really suck at it. But that didn't stop me from having a great time at North Bowl with the bestie. 

We went around 6 on a Saturday night and got a lane right away. It was about $30 for 2 games + shoes for the two of us. Much to my delight, the shoes weren't skeevy at all and they spray them down as soon as you return them so you won't get some random foot stink on you.

We ordered some apps (pizza tots and spinach & artichoke dip) to eat while we bowled, but it took a long time to arrive and we were almost done with the second game when they arrived. We were starving so we gobbled it up but both agreed that they were not so hot. 

Just like my bowling game. Yeah, I scored a 38. I should probably stick with electronic sports, but humiliating myself in public is just too entertaining. Consider it my gift to you (hey, it's better than a fruitcake).
My friend and I decided to pop in here for dinner on a Monday evening. We were looking for someplace casual in Northern Liberties and North Bowl was our destination of choice. Although primarily known for bowling, it met my needs for a satisfying dinner. 

I ordered the Korean Fried Chicken Tacos for my meal which came in a house made Korean sauce made with kimchi and Asian slaw. I was really impressed! I loved the sauce the fried chicken was tossed in. It was very flavorful and had a definite kick to it (beware if you are not a fan of spicy food). I appreciated that they did not skimp out on the sauce in the tacos. It was slathered on!

My friend ordered the beef burger which came with a side of tots. She paid $1 extra for speciality tots and chose to get the Garlic Truffle. I tried a couple and thought they were alright. They tasted a bit too mushy for my liking. I heard their tots are usually a winner, so I wouldn't be apposed to trying them again.

The atmosphere is bright and vibrant with kind of a "tropical" feel in the bar/eating area, with a retro vibe in the alley. The bright colors, lights, and cool decor make it a fun place to be, no matter what age. I saw a lot of young people with food and drinks, bowling with their friends, but also a good amount of parents with their children.  

While staff was nice and friendly, service was so slow! After taking a seat at one of the tables, we had to go up to the bar to request a server. We then had to flag one down for water, to place our food order, and to ask for the check. 

Still, I overall had a good experience and would definitely return. I liked the vibe, the tacos were great (which cost a meer $8!), and I really want to give those tots another try! Slow service isn't a huge concern when compared to all the positives.
Honestly, nothing at all that special, I think the quality has went down since they first opened years ago. It has a few lanes, some pool tables and a handful of arcade games. We wanted to come here as a more adult friendly bowling alley. We waited over an hour for our lanes which wasn't too bad. For the lanes they only take cash, doesn't make sense especially when the bars and waitress at the lanes accept cards. They also limit the time you're at a lane as well. 

Prices are a little high. Customer service both the front desk and the waiters could definitely improve. We ordered wings which were not that good, the vegan ones are a bit better so I would go with those. The drinks were super weak so we actually returned them as it tasted like juice. 

Overall, the concept is there but I think the execution needs some revamping.
Dear Penthouse Forum,

Yup it's still a good intro line! I still didn't bowl because I'm a total slacker! but after seeing the War On Drugs play Penn Treaty Park 2 weeks ago (http://culturemob.com/blog/water-front-wednesdays-will-bring-free-concerts-to-penn-treaty-park) my crew and I found ourselves having an immediate craving for tater tots that needed to be fulfilled. and while I was there  I was treated to attentive service, ate some impressive food, and gained new insight on the bowling lanes that just needed to be acknowledged.

The Bowling Lanes definitely looked regulation enough to the point that I'm still not quite sure what our resident dandy (sorry Jack) was talking about back in the day. but the wide screen TVs that were placed just above the lanes sort of floored me. Much like rolling on Shabbos, Walter Sobchak doesn't watch TV when he bowls! but with $2 bowling and tots every Wednesday night (http://www.foodaphilia.com/2007/06/north-bowl.html) I think I can learn to get used to it.

And I still need to give it up to the tots since the original were pure addiction. but the chicken fingers were good in their own right as well. and for sitting downstairs in the lounge of a crowded bowling alley service was pretty impressive. our server rarely missed a beat and managed to go that extra mile.

overall above average food, a beer selection that goes above standard, bowling, pool, and a mini arcade make North Bowl a place thats worthy of recreating a Big Lebowski moment in (http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cz2ET5K6zY0).
Nice, clean facility that doesn't really excel in any one thing.

Limited number of alleys for people who want to bowl. Limited menu for people who want to eat. Limited beer selections for people who want to drink.

North Bowl comes so close. They offer just enough to get your hopes up, only to shatter your dreams in the end.

So they don't take reservations. No biggie. We'll grab something to eat while we wait.

"Hmm.." The menu has about a dozen items on it, most of which are finger foods that will whet your palette but nothing more. It's a tease, as is much of North Bowl.

When you walk in, you'll be in awe of the flashing lights, spacious lobby, and second story bowling alleys. Yes, there are two floors of bowling alleys here. Maybe where you're from this is normal. I'm from a small town; this was something I never dreamed possible. Mind = blown.

But after the wonderment has worn off, you see North Bowl for what it really is - a bowling alley that wants to be a restaurant that wants to be a bar, and in the end eclipses none of its competition, nor does it strive to. It's comfortable in its own skin, unwilling to push for greatness, perfectly content with playing it safe, which unfortunately, leads to a forgettable experience.
Super groovy, dude! I love this bowling alley.

When I first came here, I couldn't believe how big it is inside. There are two floors, each fully equipped with lanes and a giant bar. Waiters and waitresses come around to take orders at the lanes, which is great.

The atmosphere is awesome. It has a totally retro chic vibe: the music, the lighting, the graphics, the arcade games--they nailed it. It's a very relaxing place, and great for hanging out with friends. 

The reason I have to deduct a star is the wait. The second time I came here, there was a two hour wait to bowl on a Saturday night, and you can't make a reservation! The prices are also pretty steep. 

That said, I know I'll be back. It's just such a fun time. Besides, nothing feels quite as good as a drunk strike!
In a previous review, I explained my history with Bowling Alleys. My first kiss, video games, vending machines, accidentally playing in the creek with bowling shoes on. Needless to say, there are some great memories attached to the sights, sounds and smells of these mighty Pin Palaces and attending a birthday outing for a friend at North Bowl, didnt disappoint.

After driving around No Libs, trying to pinpoint its location, I was miraculously able to park in one of the few parking spots out front of North Bowl. It was almost too good to be true and I was hesitant to leave my car, thinking something bad would happen but after snuffing out the flames of my anxiety, I went inside.

What a cool, aesthetically pleasing place! The colors and the decor were very inviting, and immediately I felt at home and comfortable, even though Id never been here before. I dont know if it is usually not so crowded on a Sat. or if it had something to do with it being Resurrection Eve, but we had no problems, getting drinks, moving around, playing the games, etc. Somehow I expected a bigger crowd, with people climbing over eachother, but I was pleased we could move around at our leisure.

After getting my ass whooped on Air Hockey by the birthday boy (its just not my game, now Bubble Hockey on the other hand...) we moved downstairs to the Lanes to Bowl, Bowl, Rock and Roll. I hadnt Bowled in over 10 years , and it showed. This was my first experience with ; drinking while bowling, having a waitress while bowling, and using a video scoreboard. I think the last time I bowled seriously, they were still handing out scoresheets and pencils.

Ill note that our server ( I didnt catch her name) was awesome, and as aesthetically pleasing as the establishment. Im not sure how it even came up, but she even had a Yelp discussion with us. Seems as though places like North Bowl, makes it cool to be employed by a bowling alley. This was definitely NOT the case back in my day.

While I started out slow, I soon found my old rhythm and bowled pretty respectably, even earning a free shot of Wild Turkey by bowling a Turkey (3 strikes in a row). This is a cool little freebie that NB offers and somehow our group made the poor server come out and do this twice in about 5 minutes. Thats how we roll.

One fun thing to do at bowling alleys, is to study peoples bowling styles.  "The Crouch" , " The Jaunty Skip" " The Spaz" "Super Spin" are all a joy to behold. While Ive never seen myself bowl, Im sure I look ridiculous as well yet there is no wrong way to bowl and all styles produce gutterballs and strikes at random.

Overall, my experience at North Bowl was as positive as I could have possibly hoped. Ill withold one star, because we didnt eat anything there. I hear their Tots are wonderful and Ill go back again to try them and to blast some pins. Im sure ill be able to tack on that 5th star with ease although getting another Turkey ( both the strikes and the shot) will make it that much easier.
What would make me drop my review so much? How about the inability for me to ever actually bowl here?

I've been to North Bowl three times, and although the ambiance is still there, I really just want to bowl. Is that seriously so much to ask?

I called about a month ago hoping to reserve some lanes for my birthday. They told me that they do not allow reserving lanes in December. Ok, weird, but fine. 

I show up with 15 friends after talking up this place for weeks, and we are told there is a three plus hour wait. THREE hours?! I have 15 people with me from outside the city and you want me to wait over three hours for lanes I tried to reserve a month ago?

I understand this place is popular. But in the three times I've come to bowl, I have only bowled once. Last time, we were told there would be a two hour wait. After two and a half hours of waiting we left. I wasn't about to have my friends wait four hours to roll a ball down an alley.

I'm seriously disappointed in this place. All I wanted to do was go bowling with some of my friends and they continue to make this nearly impossible.
This is a truely awesome bowling alley.  The retro-mod ambiance is spectacular, there are always pool tables available while you wait for lanes to open, and the full bar + fun food menu WITH lane-side services makes it fabu.  The only issue I've ever had is that the wait staff are not on the ball with when you're done bowling and I need to chase them down to pay my bar bill.
From the photo booth that spits out the occasional random free strip of snaps to the around-the-world approach of the tater tots menu, North Bowl makes me smile. 

I will admit, I don't bowl.  It's because I truly hate and fear unknown shoes that strangers' sweaty feet have previously occupied (don't tell me they're disinfected, okay -- you could spray Lysol all over a garbage dump and it doesn't become any less gross) and almost never sport socks. 

My friends who are less afflicted with this phobia seem to enjoy the bowling here, even going so far to form a league.  League night has some decent beer-pitcher specials, which I have gleefully partaken of in between trips to the photo booth.
NLNA did their annual Northern Liberties Winterfest this past weekend at North Bowl. It was $15 for unlimited drinks, food, and "bowling". I put bowling in quotes cause they kicked us off the lane after one game - when the people we shared the lane with got to play 3?

Anyway, this is a large venue, probably around 15 lanes, in Northern Liberties. It's right at the heart of the neighborhood. When we arrived we were greeted at the door and checked in. They had a big selection of baskets for a raffle which some awesome prizes from restaurants from all over the neighborhood.

We grabbed shoes and joined a couple that had just finished a game. The atmosphere was very welcoming and fun. As we were putting on shoes the waitress came up and took our drink order. There were limited choices to wine and about 5 beers but I settled on the PBC Winter Wunder (which is tasty).

The bowling alley itself is very modern with a tablet style lane monitor. It was very easy to add our names to the bowling list. There are ton of styles and weighs in balls (lol) so you should be able to find one that suits you. 

They put out a bunch of food including tater tots, mini sliders, mac and cheese, and ceasar salad. The tots here are AMAZING -hot and crispy. I'd avoid the mac and cheese. The goldfish are funny but the batch I had tasted GROSS and metalish -never again. I looked back over at the lanes after we got cut off and it was a bunch of kids (-_-) so I wish we could have had one more game.

I didn't win any raffles and the bowling got cut short but all and all this was a great event. I'd recommend getting here right on time next year. Otherwise, I hope to check out North Bowl again and try some of their tots dressed up in their crazy seasonings.
I love this place! The atmosphere is great, I love the decor and just everything. The upstairs lounge is such a nice place to hold an event. We had a senior week event here and it was FANTASTIC! People who wanted to bowl could, people who just wanted to hang out did. The food they brought out was really good, but what I liked the most about the food was that they didn't try too hard; they kept it real. It's a bowling alley after all, I don't want anything too fancy, in fact.. I thought that the tater-tots with bacon and chicken fingers were just delightful.
If I could provide zero stars - I would.  North Bowl used to be a fun spot for bowling and beverages in nolibs...sadly, it has become riddled with less than desirable clientele, bartenders who tip themselves, counter staff who are beyond rude to everyone and a security guard wielding a gun. 

I went to North Bowl with a group of 10 friends for a birthday party.  We expected that the wait would be long on a Saturday night but 4 hours is a bit ridiculous.  We arrived at 8pm and were told to stop back in 1 and a half hours to actually get our wait pager.  The group proceeded upstairs to order drinks and food while we waited.  The food was served cold...nothing like icy tater tots and skin on your melted cheese to start your night off right.  The bartenders also enjoyed keeping change from my friend's $20 instead of letting her decide how much she'd like to tip.  There was also a lovely display of class in the ladies' room with broken glass in each of the sinks...

During our wait we noticed another group of patrons at the next lounge area who appeared to be having a good time until an altercation began between a man and a woman.  They began yelling in each other's face and then became violent with hair pulling, pushing and slapping.  The armed officer who had been patrolling the facility noticed the incident and broke up the fight.  He then told the man that he was to leave only to have another man in the group argue with the officer as well as other women in the group.  They gave the officer extreme attitude and even said "It was [their] right to be here"...he then proceeded to throw the entire party out only to experience more refusal and pushback.  I'm sorry...it's your RIGHT to get violent and begin fighting at a bowling alley and then demand that you should stay??  Their behavior was extremely unacceptable but I was only further shocked when the manager and security guard allowed the group to remain!  

At about midnight, our pager finally buzzed and we went downstairs to bowl.  The $15 per person for 2 games is always a hard pill to swallow but I digress. After such a long wait, we were definitely ready to get our evening started.  As the birthday girl began her turn to bowl, we noticed that her ball didn't return.  She threw another and that also didn't come back.  After the second and third members of our group went and experienced the same issue we pushed the "Help" button.  After waiting 10 minutes, one of our friends had to walk over to the counter to request help in-person.  The guy walked to the back of the lanes and then came out front to address the issue.  After another 10 minutes we resumed bowling only to have the lane break again after 2 bowlers.  Our friend walked over again twice more to have various problems addressed by the staff.  The manager should have recognized that this was a major issue and offered some type of compensation - especially since we were approaching 1am and hadn't even completed 4 frames of our first game (I have to reiterate that we waited 4 hours to bowl and this was what we waited for?!).  

Finally, we had had enough.  When the birthday girl approached the counter with her receipt and asked for our money back, the woman behind the counter gave her extreme attitude.  For some reason, she couldn't understand how we'd be upset after waiting 4 hours, paying over $100 to bowl, not including the $200+ in food and drinks, and then experiencing 3 separate problems that caused stoppage in our game.  She was told only $12 per person could be refunded but not the $3 for shoe rental - I thought that was complete BS...give me my full amount.  The girl literally threw the money at my friend - literally.  They did allow us to finish our 1 and only game - at least until the lane broke again. 

My friend called the following day and asked to speak to the general manager about the unpleasant experience.  She was told the GM would return her call - she's still waiting. 

Overall, our experience was so disgusting that I don't plan to EVER return to North Bowl.  I hope their complete disrespect to paying, decent customers while catering to clientele who start fistfights serves them well.  I'd rather go to Lucky Strike or the burbs for bowling...it's definitely not a 4-hour drive.
I'd give North Bowl 5 stars if it wasn't for some of their employees.  Our waitress was fantastic, and so were some of the servers/bussers, but the guy behind the counter was so terrible that I almost left, even though we had more than ten people with us.    Honestly, I'm just not into feeling bad about myself for not knowing exactly how things work.  If it's cash only, and I hand you my credit card, don't say, "First of all, we only take cash" in the snottiest voice you can muster.  If I ask how much it is a person, don't say, "I don't know." I mean, come on. Also, after asking if some of our friends could pay separately, don't say no but then let the people behind us do it.  We are there to use your service, and buy food and drinks (which we got a TON of of).  Sorry if that puts you out.  This was all after I had called a few days before and I was told that I couldn't make a reservation, and then people there obviously had them.  

It's just a shame, because it's a cool spot with great food and half the staff or more is totally lovely.  I just happened to have a few crappy experiences which put a damper on what should have been a good night.   I wouldn't go there again with more than one or two other people.
Let me preface by saying I am a serious bowler; been in leagues for the last 15 or so years and so I below I will review the bowling part of this establishment as well. 

Ambience: it's a chill atmosphere, very easy to hang with friends and have a good time. Not as loud as one would expect. You can carry on a conversation without screaming. The decor is awesome; a mix of new and old school bowling paraphernalia. Very cool. 

Service: usually very strong laneside service. I haven't run in into a server or bartender who wasn't pleasant. Fast and efficient. 

Food: the food is really good and inventive. North Bowl is surrounded by some great bars and restaurants and their food stands up to them. I have NEVER found a place that cooks tater tots better than them. They must replace their cooking oil daily. I'm serious. 

Alcohol/Beer: full bar, and they have a wide selection of both draft and bottled beer. The drafts rotate with some regularity and that's good for me. I love trying new beers. 

Bowling: the alleys are standard party lanes. Don't expect USBC specs at this place. It is not a sanctioned alley and thus if you're looking to get in serious practice, look elsewhere. The oil is not set in any pattern and your ball will not react the way you want it to. That being said, I'm not afraid to use my equipment on the lanes; the lanes, ball returns and other equipment are in good repair. 

Overall: this place is a good time. Check it out when you're in the neighborhood.
Great space, attentive waitstaff, but as far as bowling goes, it's a pretty poor experience.  There's a limited selection of house bowling balls that fit the fingers of those in my party (and no, we're not mutants), and the pin spotters are constantly jamming.

I enjoyed the atmosphere, but until they can get the bowling right North Bowl is not worth the money.
During my second night in philly, I was looking for places opened late and had an activity to do. I found North Bowl literally FIVE MINUTES away. One note is to definitely bring cash! I paid card for drinks upstairs but when you're paying for your bowling shoes/games you pay cash. I didn't have a reservation but I waited around 1 hour, they give you a buzzer and call you when they're ready for you. Theres two levels, the first level has bowling and a restaurant/ the second level has arcade type games and a bar, along with 3 or so lanes. I bowled on the second floor and I had a great time (the bar was also right next to me)! I took off 1 star because the drinks were REALLY watered down, I ordered Arnold Palmer and it tasted like water. However, everything was so cheap I didn't care. I wish they had a North Bowl in NYC!
Pinball alert!

This awesome bowlery has two "newer" pinball machines!

The Family Guy (see: http://www.ipdb.org/machine.cgi?id=5219 )

Spiderman (see: http://www.ipdb.org/machine.cgi?id=5237 )

Unfortunately, for a pin addict like myself these machines produced in 2007 have already deteriorated greatly!  The Spiderman was not playable in my 2nd game because the SandMan figure came undone from its fastenings and ended up on the play field.  The Family Guy pinball was not working properly as the Stewie mini-playfield was not functioning properly.  Oh well, a fix is still a fix, even if it's poor quality.

Fun place to hang out!
====================================================

So here's the rest of my review.  I came by after poking my nose into Lucky Strike (see: http://www.yelp.com/biz/ci-kujWfHzsg5zCcqYZLKA ) on Chestnut in Philly -- of course to see if they had the sense to put a pinball machine in fheir fine fine establishment, alas there was none.  Lucky Strike happened to be accross the street from the awesome gout inducing Brazilian restaurant Fogo De Chao (see: http://www.yelp.com/biz/cGX-1IUwXOjkUqZbkKYcjw ), where my wife and I had dinner. I took the super low rent New Century Bus (see: http://www.yelp.com/biz/DJk8xrCvpN9MmG6mQbn0lQ#hrid:1yMuskM0o_71MruWlD9n_A ) from NYC to Philly for the super low price of $20 round trip on Friday 10/12/07.  It beats the heck out of driving to PA and paying the higher prices of Amtrak and Greyhound.  I digress greatly...

North Bowl is a great space.  It's catering to a pretty youthful and hip crowd.  Great lighting.  Comfy lounge sofas. Full Bar. Great bowling lanes. A bunch of DJ's who can mix but played some decent tunes. 

My favorite part of the establishment?  

   THE SECOND FLOOR !

This is where North Bowl has a separate bar, 3 pool tables, a bunch of video games, 2 pinball machines, and a Nintendo Art Gallery.  Check out VP Dick Cheney as one of the Nintendo bad guys!  See my pix.   AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME.  I'd love to open up a place like this in NYC or the Bay Area. 

That's all for now.  Check out North Bowl for the quadruple threat in entertainment:  great crowd, great booze, good music, and great interactive entertainment.  It's my idea of a fun night out.
Lucky Strike may have graced the streets of Philly, but you can never get a lane for less than $65/hour (plus shoe rentals) on the weekends. 

True Philadelph-ites head to our own SoHo: NoLib. North Bowl has two floors, two bars, pool tables and some killer mac n' cheese. Actually, being able to order their home-made ice cream sandwiches, fish tacos and a glass of Stella makes gutter balls seem that much less important.

The manager and owner, Oron is super friendly and even bought me a drink once because I couldn't get a lane.
I love, Love, LOVE the interior of North Bowl.  However, to be ensured a lane, you need to pick an obscure time to go, like on a random Sunday morning after an early brunch in NoLibs.  The atmosphere is very pleasing, but there just aren't enough lanes!

But of course I'll be going back for more, because Nobody fucks with the Jesus.
I just went there Monday evening for a low key get together with my girlfriends.  This place is absolutely AWESOME!  Granted, I didn't go on a weekend when it seems to be too crowded to move.

They have beer specials all days of the week--and Monday they had $3 craft drafts.  Yes, I was drinking $3 hoegaardens and loving every minute of it.  

The only caveat:  Don't order the pizza taters.  They are not good.  I recommend the bacon, sour cream, chives (basically loaded potato skin) tators and the pretzel bites with cheese!
Hmph.  North Bowl has a lot going for it, and I sampled a good portion of its offerings while waiting forever trying to get a lane on a recent Saturday.  Here's what I can tell you - 

1) The foosball table is nice and costs $.75 

2) Try not to use the pool table next to the foosball table or you will constantly be waiting for the foosball players to get out of your way (pool costs $1 per game).

3) Ms. Pac Man upstairs costs $1 to play but then you get to play for a long time; however, the joystick is sticky and doesn't work well, so

4) You should play Ms. Pac Man on the table top game downstairs because it's cheaper and the controls work better.

5) There are only like four or five lanes here (other than the private upstairs birthday party lane).

6) Forget about trying to bowl here on a Saturday night.  After being told the wait time was two hours, we went back down to the counter after an hour and a half and were told that they had no idea how much longer it would be, but basically there were still enough groups in front of us to fill all of the lanes over again before we'd get a shot.  Wish they'd been up front about the wait time.

7) There is a totally random vending machine here with things like Bacon shaped air fresheners.

8) The mixed drinks are incredibly strong (at least in our limited experience).

9) I hope you like "Don't Stand so Close to Me" by the Police because you may hear at least twice if you spend any length of time here (the music appears to play on a short loop).

Would I return?  Yeah, but with the understanding that I wouldn't be able to bowl unless it was a weeknight.  Anyway, I have to try the tater tots at least once, right?
I feel so conflicted about North Bowl.  I come here pretty frequently with friends-- they have great drink specials during the week, and who can say no to their pizza tots?!  The service is hit-or-miss, but never unpleasant, but the one thing that keeps NB from getting mroe stars...over the year and a half I've been coming here, I've now seen a mouse AND a cockroach in the dining area.  There's never been anything wrong with my food, I've never gotten sick after eating there, but there is something icky about seeing both of those pests in plain view in a eating establishment.
2 Floors of fun. I love the whole vintage feel and the history of the actual building. The service is great, along with the food and you cant forget the live DJ's!
One of my favorite skits on Saturday Night Live is the Sodom Chamber of Commerce. In the skit, The townsfolk of Sodom are trying to come up with other reasons tourist should come to Sodom. Suggestions are offered like nice parks and so forth, but finally John Belushi( i believe) stands up and says emphatically " People come to Sodom, for the sodomy" Irreverent and hilarious! 

I know people go to North bowl for the Bowling! but I go for the best mac and cheese in the city. It's got goldfish in the crust for Christ sake. 
I also go for the tater tots, awesome snack food a bunch of varieties. 
they also have good drink specials, Tuesdays are $3 local droughts. 
My point being, even if bowling is not your thing. There are still plenty of reasons to check out North Bowl.
I would not recommend trying to book a special event or party at this establishment unless you are prepared for:

-WEEKS of unreturned phone calls and emails
-A snarky 'tude when you are finally able to speak to an employee (Not even an apology for the unreturned phone calls? Really?)
-Pricing that differs from what is stated on the website (PSA: Apparently food and drink packages are required to book lanes) 
-Spending a minimum of $1,500 (not including gratuity and shoe rentals) for 2 hours worth of bowling on 4 lanes $$$$$$$$$$$$$$

But srsly, WHERE DO ALL THE NON-ROCKEFELLERS OF PHILADELPHIA (and people who also value being treated respectfully)  BOOK BOWLING LANES? 

North Bowl has been a huge let down.
My little girl enjoyed her 6th birthday so much that we are having her7th here as well later this year.

Meanwhile, DH, DD and I bowl a quick couple of games today and ordered a single order of tater tots.

A fun afternoon - and even worth the 25 minute wait for a lane.  I forgot that Saturdays can be a zoo here.  Best to come at a quieter time.

Good clean family fun (and mama can even get a cocktail).
About a year ago I was planning a surprise milestone birthday party for my wife and I was looking for something that she could go and do for an evening with her friends that would different, fun, and hip.

As an accident on tripadvisor I saw people discussing North Bowl and Lucky Strike and I decided that would be the route I would go.

Initially I called Lucky Strike as they were more of "the name" and I got a quick call back from one of their reps who after she found out that I "only" wanted to rent a lane with food and open bar for three hours for six seemed mildly interested as apparently on a Saturday if you're not bringing double-digits they don't want to talk to you.

I then contacted North Bowl via their website and I heard nothing for about a day and a half.  I was unimpressed with the price list and food from Lucky Strike but was going to probably go with them when the phone rang.

It was Leemore from Northbowl and she was apologetic when she found out that no one had contacted me about my inquiry and from there we talked about three times over the next week to nail down the details and everything with her came together quick, easy, and on budget.

Leemore truly is the person that made this happen as she was more than willing to listen to what I wanted and was willing to customize a bit while being objective with what things usually work and don't work food, alcohol and package wise.

While the food is more bar-type food than Lucky Strike the overall menu is more diverse and they are much more willing to work with you to find a package that works.

On the day of the party Leemore even showed up and personally greeted my wife and her friends and made them fell very welcomed and really made sure they had a great time. (And that they got drunk past the point of reason.  Thank God there were strong garbage bags for the ride home.)

North Bowl truly was a winner and I can't say enough good things about everything from start to finish.
Dear Penthouse Forum.........


I kid, I kid (although I do now think that all good North Bowl reviews may have to open with those words in the future!). I didn't get to bowl yet (although after getting a birds eye view I do feel that the lanes looked much more regulation than Eric F. thought they did. I almost felt like I was in Big Lebowski, only minus The Jesus, and no body fucks with him!). So that's why I can't give that 5th star just yet. But I did get my ass handed to me in fooz ball (Juliana S. is better than she says she is), and got to watch some good games of pool (even if the people playing inside need to learn the quarters rule). I can even give a fitting PINBALL ALERT to my good Yelp friend "Pinball Junkie" Jame G. because both Batman and Pirates of The Caribbean were readily available alongside Mrs. Pacman, Galga, and Big Game Hunter. And the upstairs area gave me an excellent view of the big screen TVs and various games going on below. and both where pretty fun to look at.

But the best thing about North Bowl that had nothing to do at all with the gaming was the amazing gastropub feel that it offered. you could order amazing food and go through a great selection of alcohol while waiting for whatever game that tickled your fancy. and I do have to second, third, or 15th the fact that they're tater tots are hands down the best ever. I had the chance to try the original and the Buffalo style. The Buffalo style answered the age old question about what any veggie lover can do with buffalo sauce. and the original was crisp on so many levels. I know that I'll be back to experience here again. maybe even on my birthday weekend. Details coming?
This place should be called Bowling for the Boring. At first glance you expect this place to be more like a Lucky Strike, with loud music and a fun ambiance, but really it's quite the opposite. It just happens to be really pretty in there.

The place is pretty big, two nice sized bars, they usually have some kind of drink special happening and the bartenders are very helpful. Upstairs there's a pool table, arcade games and a nice sized lounge area. Which is all nice, except you come to a bowling alley to BOWL. 

They always have an extremely long wait for a lane, so much so that the first time I came, I didn't even get to bowl. I did bowl this last time, but it was surprising to see how bady managed the place is. There was a group of people (not kids or teens) being really obnoxious, throwing multiple bowling balls at once, extremely loud and rambunctious and nothing was done, except to say, "Please don't do this" like a million times. If you are going to have a chill place, then maintain it that way and kick out people who are abusing the place.

As for prices, bowling here is pretty expensive at $30 a game, plus drinks and shoes.....it's not worth it. Go to your local bowling alley, save some money, and get a lane faster.
While visiting Philadelphia I decided to stop in here with my boyfriend and do three quick games.

When we walked in employees just kept walking by us and no one asked us if we needed help or to greet us. After 4/5 minutes someone decided to help us, we got our bowling shoes. We explained to the lady at the counter that my boyfriend just had surgery on his right foot and it was still swollen and he couldn't fit it in the bowling shoe. 

She said it was mandatory that you wear the shoe and she would call the manager so we can further discuss with him. We explained to the manager he said it was fine.

The waitress unfortunately was not nice she confused our drink orders, had an attitude and for some reason I'm not sure if she was having a bad day or she just hates life.  But her energy and her attitude was completely horrible. 

I never like to factor in race as an issue first and foremost with people but in her case I really think it was. Whether she wanted to serve a black couple or not that's not my business but you however work in an industry where you are going to have to work with all races. I will never visit this establishment ever again.
Covid has produced some crazy things. Like closing down bowling alleys. However, North Bowl has hunkered down and continued to do great things. Their outside lot is spacious and plenty of tables available. It's first come, first serve for the tables, and they open at 1PM in Saturday's. They let us in a little earlier to snag drinks before the kitchen opened up. 

Overall, great service and good food! They have a very vegan friendly menu and offer a variety of drink options. 

We snagged:
-Downeast Cider 
-All Day IPA
-Chicken Basket that comes with corn AND fries. Lots of food for only $10. Great deal if you ask me. Go ahead, ask me. 

Heard they're opening up their bowling ally week of August 17. Not sure if I'm ready for that, but I'm sure it'll be a hit for young folk in the area. Be safe y'all and wear your mask. Also, get the chicken basket at North Bowl.
I attended a rehearsal dinner at North Bowl, which was a fantastic idea to do something more fun and interactive than your typical dinner for this type of occasion.  We had a blast!  We had three lanes reserved and a buffet of yummy eats to the side of the lanes so we could feast as we bowled (only thing was trying to keep up with my anti-bacterial as I was eating in-between my turn to bowl...I don't want any bowling ball germs in or around my mouth...word).  The food was surprisingly good!  Envision tater tot-nachoes - topped with bacon, cheese, scallions, sour cream - uh, redicks.  The cobb salad was very good, as were the cute mini-sliders.  For dessert we had an ice cream sundae station.  Yummy.

The wait-staff was friendly and always attending to our drink requests.  The place itself is a hoot - a throwback to the vintage bowling alley with a modern update...definitely a fun hangout on a Friday or Saturday night.  The music added to the cool vibe (all types of stuff from Beck to Gorillaz to other foot-tapping beats where I was like, damn I wish I could Shazam this song but I don't have an iPhone).

For party-planning options, check out the private lanes upstairs complete with bar and tables and all types of room for your guests.  Looks like a great option for whatever your occasion might be!
This place is truly unique.  It's got a great atmosphere, a friendly and attractive staff, and awesome food.  (My favorites are the pulled beef sandwich and the garlicky tatertots.)  I liked that the lanes were dimly lit and the waitresses were on top of the drinks.  I mean, they took care of me when I was running low on beer.  Everything about this place is cool, right down to the bowling balls and the shoes, but it's not pretentious at all.  It's swanky, stylish and clean, and an all around great place to hang out.  Go.  Have fun.  Thank me later.
let me start by saying, i don't bowl. but i love it here. the food is really great and they have funnel cake!!!  the service is always friendly. the crowd is fun. it's a very upbeat, happy place. i love the upstairs and the VIP box. so cute. i have been here a dozen times, and always enjoy myself. if you want to bowl, go here. not lucky strikes. great place for large parties. i.e. office, bdays, whatever.
Came here last night, on a Monday for happy hour and drinks for my nephews 21st bday. We chose Monday because it was his  actual bday. (FYI I'm only 7 years older). I know they have an upstairs, but we stayed downstairs at the bar. Not sure if upstairs was even open. A couple of tips 
 * parking is free after 6pm on N 2nd st with no time limit. Get there at 6 or a couple of mins before and you won't have a hard time 
* happy hour is 5-7 pm, with 4.00 Jameson shots, which def made it for an interesting evening
* kids are allowed to come in and bowl, but they have to leave by 9pm
It has a nice lounge fell to it. Had a good crowd for a Monday night but wasn't sure if the crowd was all of the ppl for my nephews bday. He was a mess, but he didn't get kicked out which was nice. We thought he would have, but I guess he kicked himself out. They all understood it was a 21st bday, they let us get drunk, dance around, cheer. We even brought a bday cake, an ice cream cake! And they put it in the fridge for us which was even nicer. It coulda been because it was a Monday, but hey, Monday Funday right?
Food choices:
* tater tots * of any flavor - we ordered tons and they were all really great, garlic, loaded, plain, etc
* sliders * pretty good
* braised short rib quesadilla * REALLY good, would def order this again
* hummus platter * pita was burnt, did not enjoy this at all
* pretzel bites * simple, but okay
* buffalo chicken dumplings * yuck lol 
It was def an fun time out on a Monday night!
I LOVE This place!! this should be a club upstairs lol.
IT IS SO HUGGEE upstairs!! and the decor omg i swear i thought i was in a lounge/club. it was sooo modern and hot!! the place just looks so cool! And they even got a DJ booth! omg it is a big ass spot though!
They got a restaurant, bowling lanes, and a bar in another room PLUS and upstairs with a big bar, food, game machines, pool tables, and couches to chill. I LOVE IT.  I just wish there were more lanes, but who cares when u can go upstairs and enjoy the couches and eat and drink! lol or you can go to their bar room downstairs and chill too. Parkings kinda hard though. But it is definitely worth it. They need a cooler dj though. lol. OMG FOOD IS GOOOD TOO!! love it here!! i wish i had friends who have cars and would go there. too bad its not a lounge/club, cuz thatll definitely be a hot spot. lol oh yea they got valet too!! i think only on the weekends though, so thats pretty neat lol.
For ambiance, this place is pretty awesome. They have great music, bright decor, and make the most of a relatively small space by having both an upstairs (games and a small bar) and downstairs (bowling, dining, large bar).
I've been here a few times on weekends and never been able to bowl. The wait time takes HOURS and usually, around 1am, after plates and plates of tots, people give up and just go home.
Weeknight bowling, on the other hand, seems to work for me. You're limited to two games per lane, so even if they are all full you have time for  a drink and then it's your turn. 
Other things:

-You can pay for food and drink with cards, but bowling and shoe rental is CASH ONLY. It's not well advertised, and their solution is to have you go to an atm in the lobby that most always out of cash. Come prepared for this.
-They have gluten free mac 'n cheese, but the tots are NOT gluten free (so, so sad). There's also at least one gluten free beer, in a bottle. 
-There's an awesome vintage photo booth where, for $3, you can get an old fashioned photo strip printed on real photo paper with a real developing process. Gets me every time.
I love's me some North Bowl. This place blows chain Lucky Strike in Center City out of the water! The atmosphere is wonderful. A bunch of lanes, really nice lounge area with Mies van de Rohe chairs, and an awesome menu.

On week days the have all different bowling leagues, dedicating certain nights to certain professions, eg. Monday is Marketing Night. So in addition to bowling, the serve as spot for professional networking. Sweet!
So fun! Great combination of bar, bowling, food, billiards and blast-from-the-past feeling. We went on a Thursday night. A few lanes were available first-come, first-served, so we took our beeper over to a table and sampled some drinks and munchies while we waited. There's a whole section of the menu devoted to tots with various toppings...hooray! But their other food is great as well. I had a very good soup and some veggie empanadas. Just as we finished up our food, our buzzer went off and we bowled 2 games while the wait staff kept up nicely on our drink orders. There was a two-game maximum, or else we would have stayed all night. The whole gang agreed we will definitely be back. 

Check out the vending machine with candy cigarettes, retro candy and toys. Too fun!
I went to North Bowl for the first time Sunday night for a friend's bday. We got the private lanes upstairs - was definitely a clutch move - the bar was right next to us. I like this place better than Lucky Strikes - drinks are way cheaper as well as the food. The artichoke and cheese dip was banging as well at the tater tots - and $2 cans of Dale's Pale ale never hurts!
I have been hitting up this spot ever since it opened a little over 5 years ago.  A bowling alley may seem like a corny spot to go and grab some food & drinks however this place breaks the mold.  The best way to describe it, an upscale loungy bowling alley with plenty of activities to keep you busy if you happen to have to have to wait for a lane.  With 2 full bars (upstairs is large & rounded, my personal preference bc you can overlook 8 of the 16 downstairs lanes, great for people watching) there are pool tables, fooseball, air hockey, dome hockey, as well as several other arcade games.  The music is almost always on point, frequent live DJs which result in the occasional dance party (or attractive servers hoola hooping (Vicki)). 
  The staff has always been super friendly as well as great eye candy!  Not only is there a great liquor and beer selection, the food is better than one would expect.  A Smörgåsbord of tater tots (The "Wake 'n' Bake") are to die for.  Great snack food to fill one's liquored up stomach!  Sliders...thumbs up, fish tacos...delicious (i prefer the fish fried, of course I'm American)!   
  Whenever I have friends in from out of town they always ask me to take them there...it's a great spot to start your night off, and odds are your night will also end here.
I never thought I'd give a bowling venue a five star review, but this place is the tits.  I must point out that although I have been here twice, I did not bowl, so I am not reviewing their bowling equipment or lane-availability.  

They have an upstairs bar and a downstairs bar. I have enjoyed both.  The service and drinks selection is good, not fantastic, but good.  Their food choices are also good. I'm always happy to when I see edamame, hummus and spring rolls from which to choose.

Why the five star review then?  Because there is so much to do in this place. They have a photo booth, pinball machines and very comfortable furniture options.  Also, the second time I went to North Bowl was for a winter holiday party for Revzilla, which is a most excellent motorcycle gear company.

The other reason this place is a good destination is because it has so many options for getting there.  If you take the Market-Frankford line (the L train), the stop is Spring Garden station, or you can take the bus, PLUS there is a bicycle rack out front and there is parking for motorcycles, scooters in the area.  Don't bother coming in a car. What for?  You can take the train or bus there, not worry about drinking and then take a taxi home.
Bowling, beer, AND tater tots?! Is it my birthday?!

Well, that's exactly what it feels like when I lace up my bowling shoes and rent a lane at North Bowl.  Be sure to order the garlic tater tots. Who knew that tater tots could be so gourmet? The music is so fantastic that I felt the need to break out my famous robot dance in the middle of an aisle before taking my turn the last time I was there. Believe me, that robot dance is only performed during special occasions. Thanks to North Bowl, unlike Walter Sobchak in "The Big Lebowski" you WILL roll on Shabbas.
North Bowl caused some severe anxiety last Saturday night.  Let me set the scene:  I am a worrier.  If it's something you could possibly worry about, I'll do it.  So naturally, I worried about whether or not we would be able to get a lane to go bowling last Saturday night.  All day I worried.  What time should we go?  Can we make a reservation?  Do you think the warm weather will make it busier or slower?  My poor fiance.

Anyway, all of the worry was in vain, because when we arrived at North Bowl around 6:30 (after a harrowing cab ride!), we were immediately ushered into a vacant lane, #12 to be exact, in a cozy corner of the bowling alley.  Phew.  The four of us tied our snazzy bowling shoes, grabbed our balls (get your minds out of the gutter, people), and bowled away!  Our waitress brought a pitcher of beer, and we enjoyed two rousing rounds of bowling.  

Good things to know about North Bowl:  you should get there early on the weekend (as we left around 8 the place was getting packed), they only accept cash for shoes and bowling lane rental, and apparently the tater tots are excellent.  We didn't try them, but will definitely be back.
If this were yesterday, North Bowl would be a 4 stars kinda place. However, this is today and I just returned home from one of my worst nights out in NoLibs.

We got to North Bowl and put in for a lane, went over to the bar to pass the time with a drink. The bar did not have Makers Mark, (this was kinda crappy, but I can get passed it.) We had no major issues at the bar, but when we moved over to a lane trouble came on like a heart attack. 

We could not get a server to pay us any attention. She came to our lane once, but when a member of our party asked if she could come back since a few of us were at the bar closing our tabs it was all downhill from there. Not only did our server never come back, but when we asked the woman (who it turns out was a busser) if we could order food she copped quite the attitude and told us that, "she doesn't do orders" and that she'd get our server. Our server never did come over even though she managed to get both drinks and food orders for the group sitting across from us. Conveniently, every time she dropped off their order she neglected to make eye contact with us nor did she ask if we were ok or needed anything.

After a series of events similar to the above we asked to have the manager sent over to our lane. Shortly after, the same crappy waitress who'd been ignoring us all night came over and asked if we had a problem with our lane. After having a short back and forth with her I found out that she wasn't the manager. I asked her to send over the manager as we had asked for in the first place. 

The manager came over, listened to my story and told me that, "it wouldn't be fair for him to make a decision until he got both sides of the story" and that he was going to speak to his staff and hear what they had to say and then he would make a decision.....

I'm sorry, what?!?! Now here's the big shocker; his staff told him that they had tried to get our orders but we weren't interested in talking to them. The nasty waitress said that she only came over to help us, not to pose as the manager. In the end the manager comped us a round of watered down well drinks and we left North Bowl in search of the food we'd being trying to order for hours.

Good bye North Bowl; you had a nice run, but I just paid you over $100 bucks for 2 rounds of bowling and ugly shoes the least you could have done is taken my drink order.
I live in NoLibs so I come to North Bowl often but I had to review my experience from this past Sunday afternoon because it really rubbed me the wrong way and hope it will be fixed for the future customers.

I walk in with 3 friends and walk up to the front desk (with no line) to get a lane. the girl at the front desk, "Sunny" greeted us with "THERE'S AN HOUR AND A HALF WAIT." with this smirk on her face. Um... hello to you too! We said that's fine can we put our name in. She said actually a lane just opened up, so we bowled only two games (because she said that was the max we were allowed to book at the time). Hm... weird we just had an hour and a half wait but magically something opened up? But I didn't question her.

2 more friends decided to join us later in the day, she also greeted them with a "THERE'S AN HOUR AND A HALF WAIT" and we said that's fine we'll wait! we waited, got a lane and then we said how many games can we book and she said 2, and we said okay we'll do 2, she rolled her eyes and said "sure whatever you guys want" with such an attitude! i was so disturbed i said "forget it, we just want one!" because i just wanted to leave at that point.

i've been really interested in joining a bowling league here but if it means having to deal with someone like her, who clearly hates her job and customers, i don't think i want to.
I really love this place. It is super cool with a night club feel, yet they are kid friendly! They have  bumpers for kids that actually go up especially for them and down for those who what to do some serious bowling. Great beer selection, great food with awesome tater tots for the kids (me too)
The staff is super cute cool and friendly. 
They have pool tables upstairs and video games too. Also a photo booth downstairs. I  could not ask for a more awesome place to come with my friends and my daughter to bowl, drink beer and just have fun.
It seems all things now a days must be delivered to the twenty-something market though a seemingly cleaver, slightly subversive, approach. The most common rendition of which appears to be making low-end services and commodities seem high-end.
Hence, North bowl is born.

As most have remarked, the atmosphere here is pleasant, I must admit to this. The place is littered with aesthetic niceties:  some exposed brick, a pastel color palate that comes together, live plants. North Bowl is an success with regard to ambiance - it's well-lit,  open, clean, and houses comfortable brown leather sofas, pool tables, pin-ball machines and arcade games you would not have wasted your time on as a kid unless you were down to your last quarter and had to settle for something other then your preferred game; another words Pac-man. The downside of all these amenities, of course, is price; coupled with the fact that there are so few lanes and the place is so trendy that the wait is at least an hour on a Monday.

Going on a Mondays has a singular benefit, however, it seems all drafts are three dollar with the exception of PBR, which was two - but swill. As for the legendary tater-tots, the portion was generous but for a five spot it best have been. With that said, the tots themselves were very good. I chose wakin' bacon tots but  was a bit disappointed, the bacon wasn't crispy and I would have preferred an over-easy egg rather then a hard-fry. All the same, still damn tasty but I have a predilection toward hash browns and their ilk.

The bowling lanes themselves were pretty much ideal. Other then a bit of confusion regarding how to start the a game everything worked well. Never a problem with stuck pins or lost balls. 

I can see going here with a large group on a well planned outing but hell if I just drop on by to wait another hour or two. I'll just stay in my neck of the woods and bowl a 2 dollar game.
First of all, you can't go wrong with the food here.  The tots are all great, and the servers in the bar area are top-notch.  Well priced and cold beer.  Awesome.

However, if you want to bowl on a Friday/Saturday night, you better be a grand master in practicing stoicism.  My tale begins thusly:  Myself and seven of my closest compatriots arrived at around 6 PM on Saturday.  I walk up to the bowling shopkeeper and ask for two of their finest lanes.  She looked at me with eyes heavy with weight of a thousand burdens, as she furiously scrolled through the scheduling machine.  "It will be about two hours."  She finally stated.  With ample tots and beer, two hours can feel like twenty minutes, so I said that was fine.  We carved out a nook in the bar area and proceeded to imbibe on all the tots/beer we could handle (which is a lot).

After two hours, I went to check on our lanes.  Surely we would be close, with a two game max on the weekends I expected turnover to be somewhat predictable.  That, it turns out, was a lie.  My eyes dancing with the hopes of throwing round objects at great speeds, I asked the staff where we stood in the queue.  Again, she looked forlorn, her eyes sunken by some unseen force, she had a pained expression as she explained it would be another hour.

OKAY fine, another hour.  We had invested so much (thanks to my friend for explaining the sunk cost fallacy), and I was steadfast in my desire to bowl.  So we waited.  You can at this point ascertain as to what happened next.  

After an hour, I came back.  I believe the situation had rendered one of the women speechless, she did not meet my eyes.  Lamely explaining that it would be another hour AT LEAST.  My eyes filled with tears as my dreams of bowling were dashed upon the rocks of reality.  This hipster hellscape where you can WATCH people bowl, but never partake in the practice.  Broken and defeated, I retrieved my ID and left the premise.  Somewhat less than I was before I entered.  Will I return?  No, most certainly no, and I hope the hellions responsible for this establishment realize that they are mere snake oil salesmen, hocking the promise of bowling for nothing but eternal waiting.
Oh how I want to scream and yell at you north bowl while I hug you and drink your Dale's Pale Ale while sitting on your uber comfy leather sofas and staring in drunken awe at the lights that shine through plastic beads in your planters...

Bowling is fun, and it's even more fun when done with good food and great booze (particularly awesome beer selection for a bowling alley), but all of that fun is taken away when you have to pay $25 per person for it.  Call me cheap, but I just think that's ridonkdiculous.

Therefore, I propose the compromise of going on Sunday (& Wednesday?) nights when they charge $3 a game.  Plus their food is really yum, so you can afford to eat that night, too.  That's bowling a 300, people.
Usual spot for my work happy hour. We always over eat and drink because the finger foods are great. I love the tater tots and sliders. The sangria pitchers is the perfect blend of fruity and sweet. And are prefect for a large group to share. I love their funnel cake fries, reminds me of the summertime fairs.
 
The upstairs is very spacious and there's a lot of seating. There are a few lanes upstairs, I'm assuming for private parties.  Atmosphere is very lively and music is great.

A few parking spots in there lot but we always walk since its down the block. I also heard they give discounts to bikers. 

Overall I would recommend this place to everyone.
I LOVE North Bowl. We went here for a friends birthday and got a couple of lanes, it was so much fun! There is a limited amount of bowling lanes, so I would recommend making a reservation on a Fri or Sat night. Their food is also positively delicious, albeit extremely terrible for you. It's comfort food that is worth the calories it'll cost you! For center city prices (and compared to the other bowling alternative in center city) it's relatively inexpensive. It comes to about $9 a person to bowl incl. shoes.
This place is fantastic when you can get a lane.

My group waited for several hours one Saturday night and ended up getting too drunk to bowl anyway.  They give you a beeper that buzzes when your lane is free and ours never buzzed, sadly...

Instead, we just played pool on the mezzanine level and chilled on the couches.  There are also some mini private lanes upstairs that can be rented out for private parties.

Star off for the ridiculous waiting times.  Also, the area is a bit scary at night with my friend being robbed at gunpoint while walking home from the lanes (only two blocks).  But don't let that put you off.  If you wanna bowl, bowl!  Don't let a little gun crime stop you.
I'm no expert on bowling alleys or anything, but after two trips recently to North Bowl on more of the "holiday party" variety. I have to say I'm a huge fan. The games are reasonably priced.

What makes this place pretty awesome? Well, honestly it's just a good place to lounge around, drink and eat a meal. Considering the amount of parties I've also attended here as well - might have to indicate it's a great venue for birthdays, socials and general get-togethers.

I have one word for you as well: tots. I have never seen so many varieties of available tots in my life. Buffalo tots are my fave.

Also noteworthy: the hysterical contents of their vending machine.
This is where I go for bowling, but I only come here during Happy Hour because there's no wait! $3.95 per game between 5-7pm + $3 shoe rental. Each weeknight they have a beer on special. I'm game. Note: It's cash only, and usually you can only play two games at a time (or at least that's what it's been like in my experience).

The place is hip, clean, colorful, spacious, and play great music. Sometimes you hear the classics, sometimes you get down with the soul and funk. Either way, this place will get you moving! Upstairs, there are pool tables. Downstairs, there is a photo booth. And they have TOTS! How can you not love this place?
I love this place!  It has everything, good food, good drinks, pool, bowling, comfy lounges, good music, friendly staff, pinball, video games.  I've been here for happy hours and for parties and its always a fun time.  The sliders are my favorite.  But I've never had anything bad on the menu.
Was quoted a 1 1/2 hour wait on a Saturday night, understandably.  Went up after 1 1/2 hours, and they told us it would be an additional 1 1/2 hours.  So, no one left in the 1 1/2 hours we were there?? Reallllllly.  We checked our wait time a few instances, one of those times the jerk at the front desk said, he would put us farther back on the list if we kept checking.  We were polite every time we went up, so I was surprised by how rude he was.  Wow!  Never have I experienced such blatant disrespect as a consumer.  Certainly a first for me.  In case the owner is checking up on the reviews of his/her establishment, it was a mid-sized white male working on Saturday, Feb 11th... He certainly isn't helping the North Bowl garner any business.

Also, the tator tots were par.  And the 'homemade' brownie Sunday was bad.  It tasted like it was a frozen brownie cooked in microwave for 50 seconds! 

Waitress, was nice (the only positive)
I came here for some bowling and appetizers with friends recently. Very cool vibe with a large lounge area upstairs that would be great to rent out for an event.

Apparently on weekends it gets extremely packed, but around eight on a Wednesday night it wasn't bad at all.

The food was epic. The South Philly Mac N Cheese, well, let's just say I have thought about it probably every day for the past week.  Steak, sautéed onions and a whole lotta American cheese over macaroni. Food coma.

Drinks are a little pricey, but it's a fun place. After you're done bowling, head upstairs to the lounge area for some pool and favorite pastimes (who doesn't appreciate Air Hockey?!). Good stuff.
As someone who completely sucks at bowling and chooses not to humiliate myself in this manner, my review may not be that helpful for you bowlers out there.  However, as a connoisseur of fake meats, I just have to rave about the veggie wings! North bowl has THE BEST VEGGIE WINGS EVER.  They're molded into a drumstick shape on a 'bone' made of bamboo.  And the buffalo sauce is delish.

The rest of the food is also really good.  Who can resist tater tots, especially with all the interesting flavor options available?  And the mac 'n cheese (with a goldfish cracker crusted top) is SO yummy. They also have a pretty good beer selection including the Bell's Two Hearted Ale.

Even if you don't bowl, North Bowl is just a fun place to go.  You can play pool, air hockey, take silly drunken photos of yourself in the photo booth or just hang out. 

I guess the only con would be that the service can be a little iffy, especially at the upstairs bar (but hey, it's a bowling alley, not a fine dining establishment...I can forgive them).
Very beautiful bowling alley. We visited during a weekend night and it was surprisingly not crowded. We originally parked far away in a dark area where I did not feel safe walking around. We then realized they have a few spots right in front. They should have a sign saying this parking area is for their customers only to eliminate confusion. Some nice features at this bowling alley are they have a charging station for your phone which I took advantage of, parking on-site especially for the area, and two bars one downstairs and one upstairs. The beer selection was not anything special so I quickly switched over to cocktails which were decent tasting and not weak. 

Overall an ok bowling alley but not worth going over the bridge to visit. It was mostly convenient since we were already in philly.
Bowling in a summer league there was fun. Met a few good people. And encountered some not-so-good people. But, that is par for the course. Hipsters definitely rule this place. I am not one, but I don't feel like an outcast....most of the time.

Lanes are a bit dirty. But, its a bowling alley, not a church (to some, bowling alleys are their churches)

99.9% of the waitresses are great. They converse with you, make you feel important. One waitress tends to disappear for 1/2 hour increments at a time. 

Food is good. Different flavored tots are great. The hamburger mac and cheese is wonderfully wonderful.

Beer selection is a nice treat from the old alleys that serve Miller Lite. Period. There's always specials. 

Only bad side to this place is most weekend nights its a long wait if you show up after 7pm. And they are cash only, and limit you to two games.
Got great deal on grouper and 12 of us came here. This place had great music fun lights and a cool vintage feel. We had a great time bowling and throwing back beers. 

All of the screens are touch and they have features that you can aim other lanes. It was a riot and added extra entertainment. 

As for drinks and food the tater tots are pretty much amazing. Normally I would never order these but they are known for them here with crazy flavors like "pulled pork" and "buffalo". 

Ps Don't forget to check in on yelp you get a 2 dollar beer of your choice!
Damn. Does this place get packed. The last time I was here, my posse and I spent the whole night shooting pool, drinking, playing  pinball, and lamenting about when our lane would become ready. A la the entire Seinfeld episode that is spent waiting for a table at the Chinese Restaurant, we never even bowled. 

Despite the last visit, I have bowled here many times (once on a NYE which was fun), and have had a blast. Staff here are usually great, and the server that comes around while you are bowling is usually attentive, and personable. The PBR specials are decent, and I am not sure if I have ever had food beyond fries or tater tots. Nothing special there. I do have to say I'd choose North Bowl over Lucky Strikes any day of the week due to price, service, and location. I dig the North Libs'  speezy which is close to plenty of funky spots to either pregame or carry on the fun. Wilmington, DE definitely needs a place like this badly!  North Bowl does get packed with it's fair share of pseudo hipsters, so be prepped for the experience, and make sure you call ahead and reserve a lane. The wait can be interminable "Seinfeld. Party of four?"
Here is the thing: I love to bowl, and have patience for long lines on Friday nights because I understand that other people love to bowl too. What I don't have patience for, is waiting 2+ hours for a lane, then finally getting to bowl only to be told 20 minutes later that there was a private party booked for the space and so I had to vacate. I have even less patience for going downstairs to the desk, only to be told that there were no other lanes available but that I could get a voucher for another night. "I don't live here" I said through gritted teeth. I asked to see the 16 year old manager who reluctantly gave me a refund without making eye contact of any kind.

I'll stay in Brooklyn to bowl. Thanks.
It's pretty sweet here.  I'm not much of a bowler, but Wednesday nights are cool.  $2 games, $2 shoes, $ beer, $2 tots... That's a great deal.  I've never been any other night than Wednesdays, but you should get there early to reserve lanes.  It can get really packed and it sucks if you get there and can't end up bowling.  But the tots are to die for!  And $2 Brooklyn lagers are awesomeeee..  Also if you bowl a turkey, they bring you a free shot of Wild Turkey.

Overall a pretty good time if you have nothing else to do on a Wednesday night.

The guy at the door is really nice and I feel like he remembers everyone.
Have to say it's been a while since I've been here, but wow! I remember it as a fun, good service and clean place to bowl
 and hang out with your family or friends. First of all the service 
was not at all what I remember. I did hear the staff talking
about someone calling out for their shift as I was waiting for my
drink at the service bar. Also the bartender seemed a bit annoyed
that I was even waiting there in the first place, sorry I just wanted
to get one drink before our get together was over The food on the buffet was just ok, cold tbough. We had to stand outside the kitchen to get the ketchup filled. Then there's the bathrooms. The ladies
room was a huge puddle,  and no one seemed concerned. It was
never addressed the 2 hours that we were there.
My advice is to skip this place and head up town to Lucky Strike,  a few dollars more but no worries about not being able to use the bathroom among other things.
I was very impressed with North Bowl.  The space is extremely well laid out, vibrant and inviting, complete with some Big Lebowski art on the far right wall.  It's also sort of chic/modern, but not in a crappy dance club kind of way.  On the first floor they have something like 12 lanes and a bar.  What is pretty amazing is there is a second floor with a big game room, another small bar/lounge area and 4 more lanes for private parties/events.

The game room has a pool table, air hockey, fussball, Big Buck Hunter (!) and even some classic Pac-Man arcade games.  The perfect place to chill.  They had some great beers on tap from Pabst/High Life up to Philly Brewing, Bell's, Stone etc.  Prices are reasonable too, especially if you buy pitchers.  $8 for Pabst to $14 for Stone, and they fill 4 FULL pints.

I was there for a private event so I didn't get any real pricing info.  I only had a bit of food but the mac and cheese (with goldfish crackers on top!) was delish and the tater tots were perfectly toasted.

The bowling itself was pretty well laid out as well.  They have very simple to use electronic scoring machines.  The balls appeared to mostly be color organized by size and weight which was useful.  (None of that mix and match shit you find at the local bowl-a-rama?)

In general, a great spot to hang.
Watch out for the rum punch. It's deadly  in a good way. I was quickly reminded why I stick to wine not alcohol and my max is 2 drinks. Bowling was super fun and my friend greatly enjoyed her bday. Now back to this rum punch, I believe I put away 4? Great time was had by all.
Since I didn't try the tater tots I'll have to resort to just reviewing the bowling alley.

A group of 12 of us were searching for a place to bowl on Friday night, and with Lucky Strike's insane price to reserve lanes ($170 each?!) and the fear that it would be too crowded we headed to North Bowl. 

The interior is very nice and we had no problem getting two lanes after work on a Friday night (though 12 on two lanes is a bit tight seating-wise). I'd categorize the mojito I had somewhere between nothing to write home about and just plain bad, but the lemonade-vodka drink and the pomegranate cosmo my friends got looked mighty tasty. Food-wise the "baker" tots (cheddar, bacon, sour cream, and scallions) and asian chicken wings smelled and looked delicious, but again I can't vouch. Mazel tots! Funny. 

Games are $5.95 plus $4 for shoes, which is pretty reasonable. I play on a sanctioned league in Wynnewood, and bowling on lane #1 made me glad I didn't do league bowling here because a) it's definitely on a slight slant to the right, so compensate! and b) the sweep bar knocked down pins periodically through two games on both lanes #1 and #2, which is nice if you suck but kind of annoying for rule followers like myself. 

The staff as a whole weren't very friendly or helpful, but I will say that our server was continually clearing our plates and getting us new drinks at the lane, which was pretty nice. Overall the fact that the prices are good and the layout is cool makes me enjoy North Bowl, and I'm sure I'll be back.
I've heard a lot about this place but just recently went.  It seemed all that it's been hyped up to be.

This is the coolest bowling alley I've ever been to.  Awesome music, attentive staff, good bar.  Upon walking in and waiting for the rest of our party to arrive, we got some drinks at the side bar on the first floor and got a table.  Soon after we got our shoes and were assigned a lane.  There are extensive snack-food menus at each of the lane tables which was perfect for how drunk/hungry we were.  It took quite a while for our food to arrive, but we did order a lot and it was a Friday night.  The waitress was very patient with our large group and got all of the orders right.  It wasn't horribly expensive either, and they have all of the best drunken munchies - cheese tots, burger sliders, chicken quesadillas, chips and salsa - everythaang.  The bowling was fun too, although there were a few times the lane got jammed and we had to wait for 15 minutes for the attendant to come fix it.  

Also, it has a black and white photo booth!

I would come back here again definitely, just for the food and the fun atmosphere.
we tried to do north bowl again, but i told everybody it was very impossible for us to get a lane, can someone tell me the secret?? is there a certain day that we should go or time where we can get a lane? cuz every single time i go here, i can never get a lane. lol is it because were asians? i wanna know. lol. and i tried the tator tots, omg its banging!!! and ever since i mention this place, all everybody can say is TATOR TOTS!!! lol. i wish they had more bowling lanes :( ...is that why the tables and food service is there...so we can be tricked into buying their food and addictive tator tots...dammit! lol. love it here though :)
I have been a few time to play Bowling at North Bowl and each time was great. I like the idea that you can drink and play in the same time.  The screens for each aisle are nice and the environment is overall very enjoyable. I liked that I can also play pool and other games when done with bowling. The prices are pretty reasonable. I was a little disappointed with the service in general as I find the waiter/waitress not very helpful and nice.
Used to live in a crappy apt across the street and started dating my ex here but I won't hold that against them. It's a fun, trendy place for a fri or saturday night. Much less pretentious than Lucky Strike. And cheaper. The tater tots and the mac & cheese are pretty tasty as well.  

Every now and then they have a Monday night open bar event through philly2night.  Surprisingly, it really is free.  Totally worth the raging hangover at work on Tuesday.  

If you live in center city, it can be a pain to get there. I'm skeeved out more and more each day by the el and cabs from my place to Norlibs are at least 12 bucks.  

But I may roll up for the next open bar.  Nothing gets me to a bar faster than those two words.
I came to North Bowl for the third time this past Saturday because it was both hot and rainy out, and my SO and I were trying to find something (indoors) to do with our visiting friends. There was a 40 minute wait to bowl, so we played a few games of pool in the upstairs arcade instead (and now I'm inches closer to my goal of becoming an eventual pool shark!)

Great things about North Bowl:
-Free shoe rental with your yelp check in! (which everyone in the party can do)
-Arcade games upstairs (which you can play while you wait)
     -Pool ($2 per game) - 
     -Air Hockey ($1 per game) 
     -Also other games I was less interested in (foosball, shooter games, etc.) 
-Tots! (I know that they're not healthier than french fries, but I like to trick myself into thinking 
  that they are because they're so cute!)
-They also have other food/drink items on the menu, though I'm not entirely sure what they are. 

Not as great things about North Bowl:
-Cash only (@$6 per game per person)
Meh.  This place has changed.   It's probaby fun for a night out of bowling every once in a while.  Be prepared to deal with people though.  You know, "people."  Trendsters and hip kids, or at least ones who think they are.  I probably won't be back. 

J D's review is my new favorite but I think it's temporarily blocked.  Try this:  http://www.yelp.com/user_details?userid=GTq_fbLiSYrvE4cBV7Rr4w
One of my favorite places to hang out in philly. The atmosphere is really cool, the music is good, the bowling is awesome, the food is really really good, and there is plenty to do while you wait to bowl.

PROS:
-good atmosphere
- great service
- good food (typical bar finger foods)

CONS: 
-it is always crowded here. But that's because it's so awesome
- for some reason the bathrooms here are consistently smelly, no matter when I go, it's always super stinky
-they only take cash, but there is an ATM on premises

TIPS:
-put in for a lane as soon as you get there. This place packs out fast, there arent a lot of lanes, and unless you want to wait all night to bowl, you should reserve a lane immediately.
- there is a game floor, a photo booth, a lounge area and a bar, so while you are waiting for a lane there are plenty of fun things to do
- if you or anyone in your party is under the age of 21, its best to go BEFORE 9pm. They do card and you won't be allowed in.
- this isnt a place you want to do solo. This a a great spot to bring your pals or your boo.
- get...the...tater tots. That is all.
Decent place to bowl if you have a reservation for a lane.  I will say I was only there once but the service was awful and I doubt I'll return.  Nice place, clean, roomy, but awkward with the way it's laid out and the service alone was bad enough that I'll likely not return.
When I first moved to Philly my friend wanted to take me to this bowling alley.  I was not too excited (bowling is not my forte and I could think of a lot of other ways to have a good time). 

But boy was I surprised when I stepped into North Bowl.  You would never know there is such a cool, HUGE, retro-modern bowling alley inside of here.  Even if you don't like bowling this place will make you a convert.

The food is pretty good too:  I love the corn dogs and tots!  I did try the tots with sour cream, cheese, and bacon and was not really a fan of those.  But the basic tots rock!

This used to be my Sunday night spot when they had $2 bowling.  Now $2 bowling has been moved to Wednesday night and for some reason this time slot just seems a little difficult (probably why they offer it lol).  Anyway, North Bowl is good for groups, a date, parties, and just overall good times :-) 

P.S. The upstairs has an AMAZING lounge.  Somehow they managed to have pool, video games, and air hockey up there and still make it feel sexy and grownup.
Even with a lengthy wait on my last visit, I've never had a bad time at North Bowl. The hour-plus wait for the lane still didn't kill it, because on Friday at happy hour, it's what you expect. That's why they take reservations. We didn't make one this last  time, but did on a previous group trip and it was super smooth. Call in advance if it's a concern.

I don't worry about hipsters. And if you do, then what are you doing in NoLibs anyway? When I've gone here with friends, I'm focused on our group, the lanes, the pitchers, the tater tots and pretzel bites, the tunes, and if there's a wait, the pool tables. In that order. And it's served me and the different crews I've been with very well -- no matter how bad we all are at bowling. Can't recall anyone not having a blast there. 

Service downstairs has always been fine to excellent on my visits. The upstairs is no problem either because the bar is steps away from your lane. The place is clean, the equipment is in top shape, and it's a very different vibe than your PBR-league bowling alleys. I'm okay with either type, but given a choice, I'll take North Bowl every time (it wins for all the reasons above). And every trip back to Philly, I do. Highly recommended.
Walking to North Bowl from Barcade was an interesting experience -but not relevant here so I digress...
This is a bar/bowling alley with a few games up the top floor (foosball, big buck hunter, pool etc). There weren't any lanes open when we got there, so we were handed a buzzer, got some drinks and went up to play games.
Surprisingly quickly our buzzer went off and we headed up to the counter.
First was shoes. They take ONE shoe when you get your loaners. This is kind of annoying - if they took both, it would be a nice feature, but they don't have the room. Instead, it feels like they don't trust you to return the shoes (they don't).
We were told we had time for 1 game. In the end, we got a second lane for the second game and talked the guy into letting us do a second game.
Great variety of weights for balls. The waitress was really nice and even hung out for a bit giving us advice on late night places (it was already 1:30am). Sure, one was a strip club, one was a place that may not have been. 
Fun place, a tad expensive, but great give (once you get over the shoe thing)
Last time I was here I bowled my first turkey. Possibly the best game I ever bowled. I left pretty satisfied. Although I was there on a Mon night so they closed early, I kinda wanted to stay longer, next time I guess. They have a good selection of beer, and every one always tells me about how good the tater tots are. I will get them next time I swear. If you look closely when you walk in, there is a Big Lebowski script signed by dif stars of the movie.
North Bowl is me and my man's new hot spot, as it really has it all going on! I believe the spot has 18 lanes, so sometimes this a bit of a wait, but thankfully there's enough else going on to distract you while you wait. 
North Bowl has a few arcade games, and my personal favorite, air hockey! So in my case, I suck at bowling but am way better than my boyfriend in air hockey, so we both leave feeling like a winner. 
We didn't try any of the food, but North Bowl has a menu of mostly bar type food, that looked pretty good when other people, ordered it. Their drink menu is impressive as well, but to me bowling and beer go naturally, so I sampled a few of their draft offerings. 
Everyone that works here is so happy to be alive, especially the adorable bartender in the second floor bar. 
The music was pumping, and it must have been old school rap night so we definitely enjoyed ourselves with that. 
To top it all off, we got free shoe rentals with Yelp check in. Score!
I love North Bowl, and it is definitely our new favorite date night.
We went here tonight. Not the first time I've bowled here, but the first time, as a paying customer, I've felt unwelcome in an establishment. 

Whether it's because they want to keep up their pretentious hipster attitude ("we don't need you to think we're cool") or because they didn't really want to stay open until 2 and take the money I was willing to spend on beer and bowling, or what... But they certainly accomplished whatever their goal was. 

By 1 am, we had drank 1 less pitcher than we were planning on buying, played 3 less games than we normally do, the lanes were all empty, and the night, at North Bowl, was over.

And I didn't leave thinking they were cool; we didn't get a "thanks, guys, have a great night" from a single employee.
North Bowl is retro styley, nice n clean, and yeah, pretty crowded on a Friday night. What's handy about having hobbies that pair well with booze is that there's booze... for the waiting. For real, the wait was not too bad at all on this recent visit. It just flew by, glug glug.

Our blue haired server was a doll and kept mama from ever experiencing a moment of bowling-induced thirst. In addition, I should add, for the non-beer drinkers of the land, that my sister in law kept remarking about how good her white wine was, happily surprised. So there's that for you fancy pantses who like to roll with a crisp glass of white wine. 

See here- so, according to my research, I'm ready to announce that being supplied with drinks and tater tots, dished up every whicha way, while bowling up a storm with some pals, is the stuff of fun. For that groundbreaking analysis, to you I say, "You're welcome," in advance, even if what you actually yelled was, "No duh!"
North Bowl fits perfectly in the up-and-coming Northern Liberties neighborhood. While working as an Intern at a major brewery this past summer, I visited North Bowl on a sales call. 

I was BLOWN AWAY by how cool the place looked. North Bowl nailed the "vintage bowling" atmosphere, from the "vintage candy machine" to the "random pieces of vintage furniture" to the "tater tots" that accompany every meal. 

Be sure to visit on at Wednesday or Sunday for: $2 Bowling, $2 Shoes, $2Tater Tots and $2 PBR (everyday low price).
Clearly an adult bowling spot but the kids and I had fun! Food was ok as well. Our server was very nice! Can't beat free refills on sodas, I had a ginger and whisky contain, not too strong, not too watered down. Over all a good experience. Will definitely come back with friends or my children again.
Last weekend we held the rehearsal dinner for our son and now daughter-in-law. Many of our wedding guests were from out of town, so we ended up with almost 100 people for this pre-wedding party.  

We rented the upstairs loft.  From the start, the event planning staff were nothing but helpful and accommodating by tailoring our party to within our budget and suggesting different menu selections.

On the day of the party the servers and bar staff were phenomenal.  Everyone raved about the food, of which there was no shortage.  We had guests from 3 years old to 85 and everyone had fun bowling, shooting pool and playing the arcade games.

I would highly recommend North Bowl if you have to plan a fun event for your business or family.
If the option to go to North Bowl or Strikes in Uni City comes up again in the future, I will definitely do the half hour trek out to No Libs for North Bowl.

We took my roomies' bro here and it turned out to be a great call.  We had to wait till 10:30pm because of a private party, but the cool thing was that the bouncer gave us coupons for a free game too.

Second,  I love that they embraced the Big Lebowski's impact on bowling...images of the Dude are plastered all over the place from that iconic movie.  Third, the waitresses were great in bringing our beer pitchers and I really really like the tater tots.  The music selection was also great as it was pretty cool to bowl with Johnny Cash being played over the stereo system.

Definitely a fun place to go for bowling and worth the 20 minute trek from West Philly
I have been here twice and love it.  Everything about this place is amazing: the decor, the bowling, the food (I had the Greek tacos), and the drinks.

The cost of bowling is reasonable (I think, I don't bowl too much) and the food and drinks are pretty cheap (especially for the quality of the food).
