It's not just horrible service, the people who work there are actually mean!  It's places like this that gives Chinese restaurant service a bad rep.  It's def not worth it to raise your blood pressure over mediocre dimsum!

My friends and I went there earlier today, and we paid with credit card at the front desk and left a 20% tip on the card.  As we were wrapping up and getting ready to leave,  the waitress actually came to yell at us to insist that we must also leave a cash tip at the table.  I explained to her that we had left a tip on the card, and she gave me a dirty look and walked away.  At this point, I thought "ok, this is incredibly rude," but we shrugged it off.  

Just as soon as we walked out of the door, the manager ran out after us and angrily told us that our tip was too small.  At this point, I was pretty ticked but kept my composure and told him (in Chinese, I'm bilingual, baby) that tips are kinda optional and attitudes like that deserve no tip.  He actually retorted "who the hell told you that?" and put his hand in my face.  I'm just pissed that I didn't go back after him and tear up the receipt.

(Ok, I am sensitive to the fact that dim sum halls can get busy and that service can be shoddy when an establishment gets packed and servers are overworked--that's one thing.  But there are also plenty of places that have bare-bones services but not managers who you down  to insult you AFTER you have left a 20% tip on your card!  We really shouldn't make excuses for jerky behaviors).
I think people have to take dim sum at ocean harbor within the context of typical authentic chinese dim sum.  Things that you might not expect if you have never been to an authentic dim sum place:

1) You cannot expect a personal waiter to serve you and check in on you. They take your tea order and that's about it.
2) The place is crowded, and the staff is overworked.
3) This is a positive thing, because it means the food is actually good!
4) It is acceptable to get up and walk to a cart if you want something from it. The ladies can't possibly swing by every table, and the good stuff runs out fast.
5) If at all possible, try and sit within 10 feet of the door to the kitchen. It might be loud, but you get first dibs on the good stuff.
6) You can always order the things you don't see.  Just flag down a waiter.
7) If you want more tea, flip the lid up.
8) Cantonese people (and pretty much all Chinese people) get insane about their food. They will push, shove, and claw to get the food they like. It's not rude, it's part of the culture.

That said, Ocean Harbor is the closest thing I've found in Philly to good dim sum places in Hong Kong.  Go here, take a number, man up, and enjoy.
A staple to Chinatown food. I grew up eating dimsum, and this was comparable to an authentic dimsum experience- carpeted floors, large tables with lazy susans, and especially the roaming carts filled with delicious dimsum.

I judge a dimsum place by how good their hakaw and Siomai are (I am a simple man with simple needs). And Ocean harbor passed with flying colors, great Siomai and Hakaw. There was also such a large variety. Would recommend if you are looking for a dimsum place in Philly.
Ten of us showed up at Ocean Harbor late Saturday morning for dim sum. Perhaps because it was mid-August, street parking was available on Race Street, so we only had to walk a block to reach this large, bright yellow painted, high ceilinged, dining hall. Had this been a wedding, we would have been the guests of honor, because we were seated up on the stage at the rear of the room. 

Wish I knew the names of everything we sampled, but it came at us so fast and furious, with multiple carts constantly dropping off dishes, that I barely had time to photograph them before they were snapped up by our crew's chopsticks. Regardless, everything was surprisingly good. 

No problem with service, either. The size of our group provided all the incentive necessary to get us plenty of attention.  That most of our party spoke Mandarin probably didn't hurt. 

All we ate and drank came to $100. Great deal for the quantity and quality of food consumed. 

We agreed that coming back again was very likely.
Dim sum without the carts is just not the same... but I'll settle for dim sum takeout during COVID times. I can't remember when we had dim sum last, but we were craving some badly. We placed an order for some essential dishes -- shrimp dumplings, chicken feet, rice noodle w/ fried dough, sticky rice, turnip cake, spring roll, and chive dumplings. Everything was spot on and delicious. 

One complaint is the container they put the chicken feet in is not the leak proof kind, so make sure the container stays upright and don't make any sharp turns if you're driving to pick up your food.
Open during COVID. 10:30-6PM. Limited Menu
WARNING:  Cheater cheater!!

Any dishonest restaurant automatically gets a one star.  In fact, I'm not going to go into details about the food because its irrelevant at this point.  For dim sum, we caught them marking down more dishes than we ordered.  I took a photo of everything we ordered and there were 8 plates, but they had 10 circles on our order slip.  We ended up calling them out on it and we were getting our ninth one and they cross it off.  So BE CAREFUL with your slip and keep a keen eye on what they mark down!!

To all those who cannot speak mandarin/Cantonese - I highly recommend that you bring someone who can because I am pretty sure these scumbags will try to rip you off.

Update:  this place is so gross.  The food was either cold or lukewarm at best.  Ever had a cold radish cake served?  Not good.  At all.  The fried baby octopus was also served cold.  The shrimp dumpling was lukewarm and very mushy.  I can see a lot of cross contamination going on with those scissors they use to cut your food into pieces.
At work, we often got good reasons to celebrate, actually the lot of them. My director, who's awesome by the way, always recognize and appreciate our hard and good work. As a tradition, she take us to Dim Sum at least twice a year. 

We stopped going to our favorite spot "Joy Tsin Lau" after their misfortune incident (February 2015). We started to venture out and try different spots. 

Directly across the street, was Ocean Harbor. Perhaps one of the most authentic dim sums in the city, and one of the rudest/unfriendly waitstaff. 
We went once and won't be going back. 

One and Three Quarter Yelps.
Went early on Saturday. This was my 3rd visit. Sadly, all of the same exact issues as the prior two visits. Will not be going back. 

I read several reviews stating the service is horrible and I agree. The pricing is also more expensive than other area Dim Sum restaurants and the quality is not at all worthy of the difference in price. 

There is a larger variety of options but having more isn't always better. The flavor profiles are meh to okay. The hot oil is not hot and had a weird tang to it. The servers are not interested in service and the overall atmosphere due to the combination of all the above was so far below the type of experience I expect when paying to dine out that my friend and fellow yelper left after sampling 4 dishes to go and have DimSum elsewhere.
Been going here for a while, but my visit this morning gives me an interesting story! Here goes...

1) Got seated, guy with broken English yelled at us for not understanding his attempt at saying "What kind of tea do you want? Do you drink tea?" I'm Asian, and I'm good with accents. Weird.

2) Only service we got was from the friendly cart lady and food. Assigned waiter never once came over, even when I signaled for him to come over.

3) Made the decision to pay the bill and leave without a tip, knowing full well the consequences after reading Mindy C's review.

4) As we left, jackass waiter had the nerve to say, "You forgot to leave tip!" at the top of the stairs with all of the patrons waiting to be seated around us. Everyone got quiet, and I replied back, "You didn't even serve us." 

In my hero moment, I turned around and continued down the stairs.

5) Much to my surprise, he actually followed us outside (per Mindy C's experience). So we knew what to do, we just turned around, shook our heads, and continued walking. It felt great. Actually, it was kind of funny because it transpired EXACTLY as Mindy C wrote, down to the street chasing. 

Now, the food here isn't that bad, I go on occasion with a group of friends. I just feel like giving one star for the non-service we got. I wonder if they'll kick me out next time I go with a group. I'll even wear the same blue UPenn sweater today so they can recognize me. Fantastic!
All of you talking about service...don't expect any in Chinatown. 

Whatever your native tongue is, the "universal language" is your index finger. So point, (or first, walk on over to the cart of your desire), don't be an ass, and don't take it personally. 

Ready for math?!

Chaos + dim sum = success! Why? The more people you have rolling in and out of the restaurant, the faster your radish cakes and sao mai's come to you - at any time of the day. I've been to the other dim sum restaurants in the area, and only Imperial Inn can compare -- that is, from 11 AM- 1 PM. Sure, Ocean Harbor has less variety, but your rolling carts are ROLLING HOT. ALL THE TIME. 

Do not point at the "Special" dishes. They are not as good and are waaaay too expensive for this type of Cantonese fare. 

Always get your standard shrimp wrapped in a rice-tortilla-looking thing, sao mai, steamed pork buns, and all the starchy cakes in this cheap red velvet, sparkle-spangle, THIS IS ALMOST DIVEY restaurant. 

Slake it with ju-pu tea.  

And, the universal sign for "more tea" (so many signs, so few words...) is leaving the lid of the teapot open.
Okay, so here's my two cents on this place.

I used to come here pretty regularly for dim sum. To be honest, it's because there really are no great dim sum places in Philly's Chinatown. Sometimes you just have to go because you just want dim sum.

The food I would say is sub-average to average. Most of the dim sum classics are offered including chicken feet which I like, BBQ pork buns, shumai, har gow, egg tart, fried taro balls, etc. Nothing really stands out, but at the same time, nothing is terrible and inedible either. The food is often cold though.

I know that service in Chinatown is usually pretty lacking, and being from Los Angeles I understand that. The servers here are probably overworked and there aren't enough of them. But even for a restaurant in Chinatown, the service is so terrible it's quite insulting. 

Here are a few examples, Chinese New Year: We ordered the preset meal for a large party (13 of us). There are a few choices on the soup, the first course. They brought out the wrong soup. Okay, honest mistake. We sent it back since a few people in our party were unable to eat that soup due to diet restrictions. They brought the same soup back a second time. Wrong one. Possibly a second mistake. We sent it back asking for the original order. Finally they brought out the same soup. A third time. I'm not sure exactly what was going on in the head of the waitress at this point, whether she was just slow or incredibly inept, but when we sent the soup back a third time, she hissed at us rudely. Yes hissed. Like a cat. 

The other thing that happened that night was then we got our rice. And that was it. For 2 hours we ate rice and soup. Now anyone familiar with Chinese dining knows that there should always be several dishes on the lazy Susan along with the rice. At least one would be nice. Finally we were so frustrated that we stood up and decided to leave. The waitress quickly snatched a steamed fish off of another table and served it to us! We refused the fish, paid for whatever we ate and left. What started out as a celebratory event ended up a terrible experience for all of us.

Even after that experience, I came back for dim sum. I would usually expect some tea or water with the dim sum. Tea is customary. Of course it did not come. After trying to hail down the waiter (this time the guy... seriously if you've been to this place more than once you probably know who I'm talking about) for about 30 minutes, and him obviously seeing us and ignoring us, I went up to the water station myself to pour myself a glass of water. I would have left it at that, but when I finally did that he ran over and yelled pointing me back to my seat. Did the water come then? Nope. Not for another ten minutes.

Please. We need a better dim sum place in Philly.
This has been my go-to dim sum place since I was young. I think my family use to go to Imperial, but not sure the reason for the change, but this place is solid and it shows by the long waiting times on the weekend. Good luck if you have a wait less than 10 minutes! Also if you are a small party of 2, expect to possibly share a table with another party of 2. (Common practice in China)

You can also tell there are select favorites among people as the waitresses with those on their plates or carts are flagged down constantly and eye'd when they come out of the kitchen. Sometimes after numerous attempts, you just have to specifically request them to come to your table first, and on occasions, they oblige. Unfortunately, I only know how to say my favorites in Chinese or point them out by seeing it or otherwise I'd give you a list of my favorites and recommendations. The shrimp rice noodle rolls (w/ sweet soy sauce) is a MUST! I also recommend their chrysanthemum tea with a side of rock sugar. MmMM.. All this talking about dim sum, now I'm craving some!
Pretty solid Dim Sum - I think it's much better than Joy Tsin Lau. Traditional carts and you can ask for a menu if you like. The key is the timing. Get there before noon and no problem. Get there at 1 and you'll be waiting. Make sure you put your name on the list and get a number - don't just stand around. And stay close because they'll jump over you if you don't respond. Don't be surprised if you share a table with another group - that's pretty standard. Great for groups and parties and affordable prices. Try to avoid the bathrooms though...
After a couple of disappointing visits with Imperial for dim sum, my friends suggested this was the spot. Without hesitation, I decided to give it a try. Arrived at 10:30 with a party of 4 on a Sunday and there were people already crowding the entrance. The wait was roughly between 15-30 minutes. 

As traditional, you're served hot tea and just pick and point the dishes you want as the servers wheel around carts of various items. There's a lot to choose from, which I was satisfied about. Not only that, they come around quite fast despite the hectic diners. Most of the items I choose were solid, but I wouldn't say they were the best. 

The dishes were cheap, but it does add up. I never spend more than $40 for this, but by the end my bill racked up to $95 and thats not even including tip. Will I be back? Yes. So forth, still seeking a decent dim sum joint to call home.
Dim Sum starts at 1030--NOT 11 as the sign states.  This is important because we waited at least a half hour for a table and we arrived at 11. 

I love Dim Sum because you try all kinds of crazy stuff.  My lunching companion however had never had Dim Sum before and I think he found the experience of not knowing what was what a bit overwhelming.  (PS I loved the Jello stuff, so did another member of our party.  McThrill was too much of a wimp to try it :P )

The service was really poor.  It wasn't that it was too full. (It was REALLY REALLY full).  Ladies with the carts were just sitting there looking at the dining room, not coming around.  We didn't get water until about 30 minutes in.  

It was ok, but I'd probably not go back on a Sunday morning.
Never have I experienced service that made me as uncomfortable as I was in Ocean Harbor. Granted, I dined here at an odd hour--around 9pm, but the place is open until 11pm!!! Dim sum hours were over, but made to order dinner was still going on. The place was empty, except for 2-3 tables still eating. This is my first time here, so I took a while to figure out what to order. The staff seemed a bit impatient and began talking smack about my table in Chinese. I don't understand Chinese, but I believe I am socially capable enough to pick up on the non-verbal cues they were shooting our way. 

We hastily ordered salted baked squid, baked chicken and clams with black beans sauce. Even though I was starving, I still thought the food was mediocre. The squid was simply rolled in dough and fried to a crisp, which was the most edible plate. The baked chicken was soaked in fat, what's the point of it being baked anymore? The clams were poorly cleaned and the sauce was way too salty. My dining companion ordered a side of hot and sour soup, but spat it out after the first taste because it was rotten. I didn't believe him so I tried it myself and I was shocked at how disgusting it tasted. Just imagine leaving a bowl of soup out for a week and let it spoil...that's what they fed us. 

The one waiter noticed how dissatisfied we were with our food, so he brought out complimentary bean soup desserts. Still, that can't make up for our horrendous experience here. We quickly paid and ran out, vowing never to lay eyes on this place ever again.
Been to Ocean Harbor throughout the years with my family and sometimes with friends. The only time the staff treated us kindly was when I went with my dad because he knows the waiter and dimsum aunties. Today when I was there with my bf and friend, which both doesn't eat pork... so I needed to double check if it contains pork in the food. One of the auntie rudely responded screaming " WHY WOULD THERE BE PORK IF IT'S SHRIMP BALLS?" As some of you would know... just because the title is shrimp balls.. doesn't necessarily means that there's only shrimp in it. Most of the times, in Chinese cooking there are pork mixed into almost everything. Not that this review would change any of their attitudes there, but if you are thinking about eating there... just be aware that you may encounter some attitudes from the aunties and waiter.
Stopped in for some  Dim Sum after finding my favorite place across the street was closed.

They have a pretty go0d selection to choose from but a major complaint is they did not move the carts around to frequently, and a lot of the food was not very hot and had to be reheated in the kitchen,
Controlled chaos WORTH THE WAIT and clusterphobia.  You know what they say....where people flock and are willing to wait, is the place to eat.  When I think dim sum, OCEAN HARBOR immediately pops into my head.  Everyone knows if you want legit authentic Cantonese style dim sum, you go to Ocean Harbor.  Not a fancy place.  But the thing about quality delicious food is that fancy doesn't matter.  This place has been around for years and is my family's and friends' go to place for dim sum.

Favorties:  Ha gao (ha gow/steamed shrimp dumplings).  Shu mai (steamed pork and shrimp dumplings).  Lo mai gai (sticky rice with meat filling, generally chicken, pork, and Chinese sausage wrapped in lotus leaves).  Mini egg custard tarts. Fried shrimp balls.  All sorts of dumplings, expecially the shrimp and chives and also the pork and chives.  You can even order their pan fried noodles or their beef ho fun (rice noodles sauteed with beef, scallions, and ginger- the dry style).  

It's so worth fighting for Sunday parking and waiting in the crowd.  Tip: someone grab a number while the other finds parking...or bubble tea!  This place deserves more stars than given.  I give it 5 stars based on quality of food bc that's what I'm looking most for.   If the quality of food is 5 stars, nothing else matters!
The dim sum really is great, here. The carts come around frequently and timely.  It's really nice to turn carts away, knowing that you will have a second chance to enjoy their tasty morsels.  Yes, yes, it can get busy, but the wait is always worth it.  Besides, you know that once you get a seat, you won't wait long for yummy food! 

If you leave their dim sum hungry, you are a fool. 

That said, I am not thrilled by the place during non dim sum hours.  The service is slow and shoddy, even if there's only one other party eating. Also, the dishes just aren't that exciting.  They do have a bar, which is nice for dinners.  

I am always up for their dim sum.  Who would like to join me?
Ocean Harbor has the best dim sum in Philly's Chinatown.  Don't be alarmed by the massive amount of people waiting on the steps when you walk in, the line usually moves pretty fast. 
They have all the popular items like the steamed shrimp dumplings called "Har-Gau" in Cantonese, pork/veggie/shrimp wrapped in wonton shells- "Siew Mai", pork ribs in blackbean sauce-"Pie-Gawt", fried turnip cake-"Lo-Bah-Gong" and the beef in a long white noodle called "Nu-Tsong". Ok, ok I mixed up canto with mandarin plus my "pinyin" needs a lot of help but if you sound it out, you'll be on the right track! If you're not chinese and make an effort to pronounce these items your effort would be appreciated and applauded (if not, I applaud you in spirit)! They even have some entrees from the menu that they portion out and serve as dim sum. It's a good way to get a flavor of the restaurant food after dimsum hours.  What I like most about their dim sum is that I find it less oily (is that possible?) than most of the neighboring restaurants.  Another thing people forget is that the tea is such a great compliment to the food during Dimsum! I usually go for a red tea called "Bo-Lay" and my dining companion enjoys Chrysanthemum (I think he just enjoys saying it), this tea usually comes with sugar cubes/rocks. 
Service here can be sub-par when you're in a party of two because most of the tables for 2 are hidden in corners or behind other tables so the chance of a cart of yummy foodies coming by is none. Dimsum is most enjoyable in a group, anyway. So why not grab your friends, head down to Ocean Harbor and show off some of the Chinese you just learned? (I promise none of those dishes are wacky.)
I had been craving dim sum for the longest time. I've lived in Philly for nearly 6 months now and have only been once (I think it was at the end of January). So finally, Chris (my husband) and I woke up early enough to head over to Chinatown at a decent hour. 

We waited for about 15 minutes before our number was called. Much to my surprise, we didn't have to share an 8-person table, but had a two-seater all to ourselves. The manager walked us over to a table, where a waiter was changing the tablecloth. He said something to us in incomprehensible English, and Chris and I looked at him blankly. We're pretty good with accents, especially Asian ones, but we had no idea what this guy said. He said something in Chinese, and again we looked at him blankly. Finally, in frustration, he said loudly, "What kinda tea you want? You drink tea?!" I said, no thanks, no tea.

He stormed off.

A few minutes later, he came back to our naked table, arranged a tablecloth on it, and rudely threw down plates and chopsticks.

Chris and I looked at each other like, dude, what is this guy's problem? Don't get mad at me because we can't understand your horrible Engrish, buddy!

Dim sum ladies came around, we got a few dishes, and naturally, we wanted to flag someone down for drinks. No one came near us, including our waiter. At one point, Chris tired to flag him down, but he ignored us. Mind you, we had no water at our table either, despite having declined the tea.

Thirty minutes into our meal, I got fed up and said, "Let's just go. This is ridiculous." I decided right then and there that I would not leave a tip for this fool. NOT SOMETHING I NORMALLY DO-- I'm not afraid to tip generously when service has been excellent. But this was to the point where it seemed like we didn't have anyone assigned to our table. 

Knowing what we would get ourselves into (see Mindy C's review), Chris gave me cash. I paid up front, took our dollar change, and we proceeded to walk out the door-- opposite of where our table had been. We were walking down the steps toward the entrance, steps that were flanked on either side by patrons waiting to be seated (about 30 people or so). Then I heard, "Excuse me, excuse me!" Kept walking. "Excuse me sir!" I turned around, knowing Chris was right behind me. I saw the waiter and Chris facing each other.

"You forget to leave tip!" said the watier.

To which Chris replied, "You didn't even serve us." 

Everyone around us quieted down. I gave the waiter a dirty look and said, "Yeah, you definitely didn't serve us."

We walked out of the restaurant. Once we were a few paces away, I heard, "Hello, hello!" I turned around to see Wonderboy standing outside of the restaurant, trying to wave us back. I waved back and said, "Hi!" 

Having read the reviews on Yelp, we knew how the workers of this place were notorious for chasing people down and badgering them for either not leaving tip or not leaving enough tip, which is why we knew not to use a debit or credit card. No way we would have left our information with this place!

I'm just appalled that this guy had the nerve to run out after us after he yelled at us AND ignored us!
In my opinion, the best part of dimsum is that you get to enjoy the less-conventional dining experience of flagging down carts and trying out an array of different types of food!

Given the wide variety of options, it's generally less stressful (and typically more fun) to go with people who at least kind of know how to order, especially if you are new to the experience! But be cautioned, they may introduce you to some interesting dishes made from interesting animal parts (aka on my most recent visit, my friends plopped a saucy chicken foot in front me and I have to admit that I was bewildered... but nibbling at a part of it, the sauce was delicious and the cartilage added a fascinating texture! Not gonna lie though, I was happy to move on to the many other more familiar dishes after just a nibble) My favorite is the donut dumplings with soy sauce (excuse my lack of knowledge on the proper terminology for these dishes) because they're an excellent balance of crunchy and doughy, sweet and savory! I also tried a radish cake dish of some sort that was also deliciously new for me on my most recent visit! 

A few minor downsides to this location: it gets really chaotic and loud if you arrive during their busy hours so be forewarned. At the same time, if you go when it's not very crowded, it's really hard to get the carts to come around to your table often and they don't seem to have as many options (womp womp). 

However, let's end on the happy note of cost effectiveness! I've gone with groups of varying sizes, ordering a LOT of delicious food, with confidence that it pretty much won't exceed $15. I also noticed at the checkout counter that they even have the option for apple pay, even though I've never tried it myself since they take credit cards too.
Food was amazing and the food came fast...only reason why they got their two stars from me. My husband and I came for some dimsum as brunch for our roadtrip to Philly from NYC. The ladies that push the carts were rude (but then so are most of the ones in NYC), place was raggity. A waiter walking by our table with empty steamers in his hands, had "juice" from the food that was in the steamer, dripping out on the carpet the entire way, til he reached the bucket. Gross. 

Then when it came for us to pay. I gave my husband a 100$ bill so we can have change from our $24 tab. The lady behind the counter gave three 20$ bills, a $1, and a $5. One of the $20 was a fake...the thickness of the paper was way too thick, there was no authenticity strip. My husband checked it and while he was doing that, the lady "pretends" to chit chat with someone next to her. So he waited. And then he demanded that she needs to give him another $20 bill. She looked at him like he didn't know what we were doing. Mind you...my husband and I speak the same language as the people who ran the restaurant and was speaking to them in that language.
The quest for semi-decent, authentic dim sum in Philadelphia continues.

We stopped by for Sunday dim sum and were heartened by the long wait. After a half-hour wait, we were finally seated at a shared table with an American couple. From ordering water to trying to order clams (and ending up with three different plates of fried seafoods that were all not clams) to asking for a takeout box, the entire meal would have been a huge struggle for them if we had not been there to help them out. A couple of their waitstaff clearly understood English (we spoke a mix of Canto and English and they understood us just fine) but chose to act extremely rude and pretend not to understand them. They also told the guy that the black vinegar at the table was soy sauce, which would have literally ruined his food if we had not jumped in. Just...why would you do that to a paying customer? 

Onto the food - very hit or miss. The dan tats were quite good, as was the shumai. The lo bak go used way, way too much rice flour thus was overly gooey with only trace amounts of turnip flavor. The beef cheung fun was one of the best we've had in Philly - the fung gow, with its almost comically thick skin, was one of the worst we've eaten...ever. The char siu baos tasted really strange - I think they used too much yeast - and there was almost no filling. We also noticed that there were only four carts in circulation...and two of them had all the same stuff. The selection was surprisingly limited for such a large dining space. Servers also would just walk rapidly by the tables without announcing what they had - this one lady might have been wheeling around tofu fa, but it might also have been jook...we'll never know because she never stopped at our table. We also had to grab our own takeout boxes after trying for 10 minutes to get someone's attention.

So after an hour of watching our table mates be tortured by the Chinese waitstaff and struggling ourselves to order the dishes we wanted, we took our check up to the front to pay. After swiping the credit card, the cashier said we had two options: Option A: 23% tip or Option B: 25% tip. I have never seen tip options that high at any restaurant I've ever been to, and the meal in no way even deserved a 20% tip. So we had to put up a final fight to completely remove the tip from the bill, then pay the amount we thought was appropriate with cash. (By the way, it's not legal for a restaurant to force a mandatory "tip" on the customer. You can only place a mandatory service charge on the bill, which then must be reported in full to the IRS.)

If you come here, prepare to be ripped off (learn how to say it in Chinese: 上当受骗, because you're going to need to be able to yell it at them) for average to poor-quality dim sum.
Somehow it wasn't as good as I remembered them to be. Some advice/observations:

1. Do *not* get their fried stuff; they are too greasy and their puff pastry stuff is too stuffy and dry.
2. Chase down the ladies with the delicious items (e.g., shrimp in rice wrapper). There are others who will chase them down and you won't get any. You snooze; you lose.
3. Try their chicken feet in red sauce. It's actually pretty decent.
4. Do get their jello (mango and coconut).
5. If you get a choice, try to sit close to the kitchen (the entrance to the kitchen). That's where they come out with the cart.
Needless to say, this place is absolutely the best dim sum place in the whole Chinatown!
The most important thing is you get what you see so there's no messing around with confusion!
The foods are always fresh since they do sell a lot of them during the day!
The wait time are usually tolerable(within 45mins)!unless there are event going on( like Chinese New Year parade) 
Crystal shrimp dumplings are the best in town as well!
My go to place for dim sum in the area!The foods are also very affordable with great quality! Great for groups
P.s.  If you are looking for an Americanized dimsum place you should go somewhere else. Not all the best but authenticity guaranteed!
Take the negative reviews seriously. We were accused at the register for not leaving a tip. Then, the worker made us wait while she chased down the waiters to verify if we did or not, only to be told that we did. We were then shooed away and did not receive even an attempt at an apology for treating us so poorly. 

This was a place I visited for dimsum ever since I was a child. Food used to be good, but like so many others have mentioned, the quality has definitely gone down. The service is mediocre at best, and the food is only edible. Feel free to go and see for yourself, but don't say you weren't warned.
As far as dim-sum in Philadelphia, this might be the place to go.  

Went here a couple of times, the last time we went on a Saturday it was TOTALLY packed and the wait was close to one hour.  And we had to share a table.  But still, it was okay.

As for the eats.  Being a pesco-vegetarian, it was possible for me to find a few things that I could eat.  Of course, most dimsum is meat-based and my boyfriend had much more fun.  I did like the snails and the few vegetable dishes as well as some of the shrimp dishes.  

Last time my boyfriend also got a seafood fried rice which apparently they took "seafood" to also mean "chicken".  That was a bit disappointing since they didn't tell us that until it was already made.  So my boyfriend ended up eating it by himself.  

The variety for someone who eats anything is pretty large and the carts do come around often with different things available.  

Will I go back?  Probably, but more so for the boyfriend than for my own stomach.  Of course, I didn't take them down any points for not catering to my dietary preferences, but I won't be frequenting here as much as I would otherwise.  Oh, and I guess it also wouldn't help me keep my waistline down.
Hot grease and bit**y waitresses (surprisingly, this is NOT a winning combination)
----
Let's get right to the point.  I've been on the fence about this place for a LONG time (ever since I used to live around the corner four years ago), but this last weekend completely ruined it for me.
They are what comes to mind when you hear the phrase, "You've tried the rest...now try me!"

First, the restaurant.  This place is ridiculously filthy...even by Chinatown standards.  I seriously wonder when the last time they cleaned with more than just a dirty dishrag.

Next, the food. The dim sum is swimming in grease, and they thought it was OK to put SURIMI in the seafood pan fried noodle.  Give me a break, people - they pull this cheap stunt at $1 Chinese takeout joints!  Sadly, the only reason they continue to exist is that they have no real competition in the neighborhood. 

Finally, the bit** of a waitress.  We tipped according to lack of service. This winner raced over to our table to COUNT the tip, and had the nerve to chase us down for extra tip, even though she did NOTHING in the way of service (no hot sauce, no refills of the tea, slow clearance of plates, etc).  This apparently is the culture of the place, as it happened to another person I know - AND apparently happened in front of my GF with two earlier customers that day! (I'm not alone - check out Chris S's review, Mindy C's, review, Clara W's review, etc etc).

If I wanted to eat grease and be heckled, I would've gone to a local dive bar (but that would only give dive bars a bad name).  

I will NOT be back.  
Final grade: F
Went for dim sum on a Saturday at 1 pm. I did not see shu mai, or the small shrimp dumpling (shia jiao) that i like, and not a single veggie dish came our way. Was it because it was 1 pm? The shrimp dish that we did get (it's like a folded large noodle with shrimp)...was mostly noodle, with two tiny shrimp per piece. We felt skimped on shrimp. 

Since the selection was not great, and we weren't sure whether or not to leave a tip, we didn't (initially). When we took our change at the register, we decided not to tip (for the first time ever), considering we weren't impressed with the food or service that day, and then something odd happened. The cashier chased us to ask for tip (wait what?) and as I explained to her the few things that we felt were lacking during our short stay (30 minutes), she started making accusations at us. It was just very odd, and the experience left both a bad literal and figurative taste in our mouth. We did leave a 20% tip after being bullied for it. For terrible service and treatment. 

I have been coming here for the past 15 years, and will have fond memories coming here with my grandmother who recently passed. It is a shame, but we will not be returning.
WOW, normally, I like but do not LOVE dim sum. But I loved the dim sum here. Everything was delicious. The seafood was really fresh, you could tell when you bit into it, and all the dishes were nice and hot. The dumpling skins even tasted good. And everything that was fried was nice and crispy (not soggy) on the outside. 

I went on a Saturday and arrived at noon. Had to wait about 15 minutes, but that was nothing because at about 12:30 the wait was over 30 minutes! Oh well, whaddyagonnado?

I would totally come here again because the dim sum was pretty great.
I've wanted to try dim sum for a while, but I no longer eat pork, beef, or shellfish, and didn't want to be *that* girl asking what everything was. So when my Cantonese-speaking friend was having her birthday lunch here, I figured this was my chance. 

She was confident we could find something vegetarian, fried tofu at the least. Sure enough we grabbed some plates of eggplant, tofu, veggie rolls wrapped in bean curd, and while I wished for dumplings, figured it was as good as I was gonna get. (Side note: The only chicken dish available was feet, which left me wondering what they did with the rest of the bird...)

Vegetarians beware! They somehow managed to stick little shrimp inside the blocks of fried tofu, stuffed into the eggplant slices, and possibly in the veggie rolls. That aside, everything I tried was really greasy and oily. The other less restricted eaters among us enjoyed what they ate, and I've learned my lesson to try and find a vegetarian dim sum place.
Of all the places for dim sum in Chinatown, this place is my absolute favorite.  The only major drawbacks are  that it is INSANELY crowded on the weekends (get there EARLY at 10AM)  and the service is not the best (hard to order drinks/unfriendly waitstaff).  The dim sum however is delicious...  My favorites are the shrimp shumai and the hao gai dumplings, but the options are endless....sticky rice wrapped in bamboo, chicken feet, clams, general tsos chicken, lo mein, fried shrimp balls, fried shrimp, eggplant stuffed with shrmp, spare ribs....  There are also an endless variety of dumplings.  It may be hard for the cart pushers to explain what each item is so just point and order or go with someone who has an idea of what is goign on.
What you need to know: 
- Among the other dim sum restaurants, this opens among the earliest at 10am.  By the time I left at 10:40am on a Sunday, people had to wait to get a table. 
- Contrary to other Yelp reviews, I had excellent customer service! Waiters and the dim sum ladies were very fond of me and my quest to finish my five must-order dim sum dishes. Granted, I am a friendly person and I speak Cantonese. 
- Karen's must order dim sum items - the superstars of dim sum are definitely shrimp dumpling (ha gow) and pork dumpling (siu mai), shrimp rice roll, braised chicken feet and deep fried taro ball. $16 for 5 dishes (cheap!).
- Accepts credit card, minimum is $15. 
- Ladies offer dim sum in carts and carry trays around - awesome!

What I ordered (in the order of taste preference): 
- Braised chicken feet - the feet were huge, which provided a lot of yummy tendon to eat. It was tender, soft and delightful to munch on. 
- Pork dumpling - super juicy with lots of pork and shiitake mushroom flavor.  My only complaint is that the skin stuck to one another and ripped apart so that precious juices spilled out. 
- Shrimp rice roll - each piece of roll has two small shrimps. But the shrimp has a nice crunch to it and the rice roll was soft and wasn't too thick. It was very good. 
- Shrimp dumpling - The filling was sparse (not plump), but it made up for it by having a juicy and flavorful filling of shrimp and bamboo. I was very sad because just like the pork dumpling, the skin stuck to each other and ripped apart. 
- Deep fried taro ball - very nice crispy shell! However, the meat to taro ratio is very off, there could be more meat filling.
I can't get enough of the Dim Sum.  We're trying to make it a regular Thursday thing.  It may be crowded and the staff may speak limited english, but the Dim Sum sure is tastey!!  My favorites has to be the good old Pork Buns!!
I still love Joy Tsin Lau's dim sum the best, but Ocean Harbor's dim sum is pretty good and will do in a pinch. The plates are plenty and there's a variety in what you can get. I prefer the chicken feet and siu mai. I've been here several times for brunch, and once for a wedding - the place is large enough to handle a decent sized wedding party. As a side note, I've heard horror stories about the restaurant in general that I haven't had a chance to witness firsthand. This place is almost always crowded, so arrive early (11:00am-11:30am) to beat the rush AND to get the freshest plates! Either find street parking or take advantage of a lot nearby.
Intimidating while your waiting for a table. But once you sit down to eat it delivers pure bliss on food carts!

When you arrive make sure you grab a number as soon as you arrive otherwise your going to stand around in a state of confusion for awhile. I made that mistake because I'm a noob. But once they calll your number it feels like you won the power ball, or have been chosen as a contest on The Price Is Right. Come On Down!

The food can range from amazing to intimidating,But be prepared to check through every cart that comes your way and pick out the one treasured food. Chicken Feet, Chinese Broccoli, and that scary cooked jello thingy that moves? NO THANKS! But load me up with shrimp toast, sesame chicken, and any kind of dumpling and I'm satisfied!

The bigger the group the better the experience it can be which is why it was awesome to go with some fellow Yelpers. So be prepared to get at least 4 people together.
I've been coming here for years and will probably continue to do so.  Despite having 2 other competing dim sum place right across the street, this place is always busy!

Ambiance: very loud, crowded and busy.  But for a good dim sum place this is what you want so the food is hot and fresh.

Service: fast but speaks very little english.  I get use to pointing.  They bring carts around each table.  Sometimes if you want something specific mention it and they can bring it to you when it's done cooking

Food:  soo fresh and yummy.  Below is what I highly recommend
- Beef, Shrimp and Chinese Donut Noodle Rolls- AMAZING!  The lady with short hair carries them around.  You need to flag her down.  It is soo good and the sweet soy sauce on top really enhances the flavors.
- Pork Sui Mai- large, juicy and done so right
- Shrimp Dumpling/Har Gow- classic and a must get
- Lotus leaf sticky rice- highly recommend to balance other stuff.  it's huge and stuffed with chinese sausage, pork and shrimp.  One is enough to share with several people
- Squid curry- unique option here and so savory
- Congee- it has shredded beef and thousand year old egg.  It's flavorful and just such a good comfort food

The only knock I have on the place is keep an eye when they mark your card, girl tried to overcharge me an item when she thought I wasn't looking.  However that only happened once so I'll let it go.  Overall we always have a good experience here and would return.
If you want the best dim sum in Chinatown, go here! No exceptions! If you get there before 12 on the weekends, you may be seated relatively quickly. Otherwise, expect up to a 30 minute wait if you come later. 

Of course, get the classic dim sum stuff, i.e. shrimp dumplings, pork chops, curry squid, sticky rice, chicken feet (yum!). Yes, I said chicken feet! Definitely try it out. It's really good. Just make sure you don't chew the bones too, hehe :).
I have been to this place just about every time I come to visit the City of Brotherly Love. Sitting amongst a sea of Chinese restaurants, Ocean Harbor offers some of the best and most authentic dim sum I have ever had on the East Coast. I honestly wish I had more pictures, but it's hard to take pictures when you are shoving food into your mouth. 

Some recommendations for things to get (not ranked): 
1. Steamed Pork Ribs - they have bones, but the flavors well worth the trouble 
2. Pork Shu Mai - bite sized, but very large 
3. Chicken Feet - this is definitely a delicacy, but if you can get through the bones you will be rewarded
4. Sticky Rice - offers sweetness and savoriness 
5. Fried Sesame Balls - this is absolutely my favorite dish and we always save it for last. They are just big pillows of love covered in sesame seeds and filled with red bean paste 

One of the best things about dim sum is you get to try so many dishes and still spend less than $15/person. Make sure you are not shy about calling carts over, they don't always do a great job of coming to every table. Add this to your list of places to see in Philly and you can thank me later.
Ocean Harbor's biggest pro is that this place has a monopoly in terms of dim sum in Philadelphia. There are others, such as Joy Tsin Lau and Imperial Garden, but this one is the clear favorite.

Your typical Chinatown dim sum experience: get there before 11:30 or after 1:00 for no wait on a weekend. Carts with food that sometimes never get to you (I flagged down a lady for some siu mai), sparse/no table service if you need a refill on tea/napkins, and no elbow room between one table to the next (or if you are near the entrance because people will be standing in line there). 

I've heard horror stories as to the service and waiters chasing after you for more tip, but honestly I haven't seen that. At the same time, I don't doubt it either. Keep your expectations low for service, and you might actually be impressed.

The food is fine, and not terrible. I say this place is better than dim sum in D.C. but not up to par with NY or SF. Simply put, this place will mildly satisfy your cravings.
Just went to this restaurant for dim sum a couple of weeks ago based on a review form another provider.  The actual dim sum was pretty good, but it left a lot to be desired to be honest with you.  The more important thing to me is that the service was pretty bad.  My wife and I sat at our table for probably 10 minutes without being served any water or tea.  When our waiter finally walked by and we asked, we didn't get any water and the mere act of bringing the tea seemed to be an inconvenience as well.  At one point, one of the people pushing the carts actually yelled at my wife for asking if they had something on a cart.  Further I would say that we probably only got the opportunity to pick from about 50% of the carts there.  All in all, I was really not that impressed with this place and probably won't go back there again.  I have a sneaking suspicion that I can get better service and quality at another dim sum joint in Chinatown.
The food here is very standard...not great...not terrible.  However, the service is AWFUL! 
I came here with a group of about 6 people.  The restaurant was less than half full, yet they took literally 40 minutes to come take our order.  There were two tables seated after us and they both were taken care of before anyone came to help us.  We had even waved down several waiters and waitresses who all nodded at us, but then never came.  Once someone finally came to take our orders, we informed them that we had been waiting and they simply said they were busy and didn't even apologize for the wait.  
Basically, it took about an hour for us to get our food and when we decided that they didn't deserve much of a tip, they chased after us and demanded that we tip and still didn't apologize for the lack of service.  
There are a lot of MUCH BETTER restaurants in this area...I'd recommend going to any of those over this one.
This place goes in the dim-sum hall of fame. Is there any better way to bring in a frigid Saturday morning in Philadelphia then walking up these steps and eating all the goodies for about ten dollars a person.

I kind of dig the fact that the big round tables and '60s lighting make you feel like your trapped in a '60s supper-club, but I don't think your grandfather Gerald would eat whats being carted around. I find this to be one of the best places to stop on Chinatown, anytime... however, before 1PM, Dim Sum is Ocean Harbor at its best.
I have tried this place twice, but won't be back again. The dim sum is actually pretty good, but I can't give more than one star because the overall experience is awful. It's a very large and outdated dining room that feels more like a run down high school cafeteria than a restaurant. And most importantly the staff are exceptionally rude. If they treat you with indifference, which they sometimes do, that's an improvement from how they typically regard the customers. If you want a good dim sum experience try several of the other places nearby.
I'm Asian so I've tried practically every dim sum restaurant in Chinatown. Imperial Inn is good (especially their chicken feet) but the atmosphere is a bit drab and no so lively as Ocean Harbor. The last time I went to Joy Tsin Lau was my last time because they tend to serve day old dim sum to me. Ocean Harbor is good and bright and full of the hustle and bustle that I love about brunch (American or otherwise) on a Sunday.

However, you will always have to wait and the waiters are not the nicest or attentive which is why I only gave 3 stars (for the food and nothing else). Also, if you want water, you'll have to ask for it. 

Best time to go is 11am because they won't be serving yesterday's left overs and you won't have to wait very long either.
It's not the best dim sum I've ever had but it's also not the worst.  Taste-wise, the dim sum at Ocean Harbor was pretty fresh but a bit too greasy for my tastes.  I was impressed by the variety of dim sum that was offered between the ladies pushing the carts and the other ladies wielding trays full of food.  They have a nice array of fried foods, steamed foods and sweets.  The constant barrage of food led to my friends and I totally over-ordering (I believe they call that "ordering with your eyes").  It's amazing how little dishes of dim sum can add up when you have 15+ dishes on your table at one time.

Service at Ocean Harbor is curt but fairly typical of what one should expect while eating in Chinatown.  I remember asking a bus boy if he could bring us some waters and all I got for a response was "wait" and a roll of the eyes.  The funny thing is, I wasn't even mad about the way he responded to my request because the way he said it, combined with the rocking haircut he was sporting ... it was all very fierce in that "Christian from Project Runway" kind of way.  

So there you go.  Tasty/greasy dim sum + fierce bus boys.  Consider yourself warned.
Best Dim Sum in Chinatown. I work a block and a corner away... this is my go-to Dim Sum spot... yummmm... especially when I'm flying solo. When I go with others... especially out-of-town folks, I'll go across the street to Joy Tsin Lau for the dated Asian decor.

If you are a Geno's/Pat's/Jim's type of person you will hate Ocean Harbor. There is no decor, no fancy walls or photographs... and thankfully, no wiz:) Unlike those aforementioned tourist factories, you'll get 1 thing here... legit food.

It is very loud in this place... there is nothing to absorb sound (large, very plain, open floor plan... much like a huge storage room) and it will be packed with Asian folks enjoying themselves quite loudly; wonderfully oblivious to Americanized expectations of what their spot should be.

The Dim Sum is always on point, and also the best/most diverse variety of the other spots. One VERY IMPORTANT thing about this place... make sure you get seated on the left side of the room. There will be plenty of carts coming... but if you sit on the right side of the room... forget about it... slim pickings. The kitchen is on the left side, so that is where the carts start, and it's a large packed room... you'll get a stray cart or two that will make it up, down, back & across the maze of tables to the right side, but definitely not where you want to be. Basically... getting the scraps over there, lol.

If you are coming for Dim Sum... you'll be very happy. If you are looking for typical restaurant style service in a serene scenic setting (or if you put 'wiz' on a cheesteak) you will hate it here.

OF NOTE: I've only been on weekdays... the weekends might wear a completely different face.
Dim sum was delicious overall. 
Loved their Century Egg Porridge.
Good Chicken feet (red sauce).
Get there early or you will be waiting on the stairway.

They open at 10AM.  Their website said 11:30AM.
So we had to wait for about 30 minutes.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
For Rookies only!  Also mentioned in other reviews here.

Make sure when you get there to find the person with the clipboard and get a ticket with a number on it.  Don't just wait in line thinking you will get a seat without seeing this person and getting a  ticket first.
We went to the Ocean Harbor for dim sum a few years back, it turned out to be pretty decent. Theres a few people pushing carts around and you basically keeps yellign what they have. I have never had any dim sum before so I was pretty excited. The dim sum quality was pretty nice.
I went here for the 2nd time today and had a pretty good experience. Joy Tsin Lau is my favorite place, but the food here is decent. The place was crowded when my mom & I arrived at around 12:30 so it's probably best to go early. 

The food was pretty decent & tasty and they had a pretty nice variety of dim sum dishes. But I'm sure that we didn't get to see all the carts where we were sitting...we didn't even get the cart with the buns :( 

My favorite dishes were the salty shrimp and flat noodles.
Came here on a Sunday afternoon for their dim sum. There was a long line out the door which is pretty typical, so expect to wait in line. We were a large party but were seated relatively quick, within 30 min. 

The food is pretty good and they have a large selection of dishes all of which I can't name (dumplings, noodles, chicken feet, spare ribs, fried taro, fried dough, etc). I come here with friends every now and then for the food, not the service. It's a bit loud and you often have to get the attention of the waitors if they have something on one of their steel carts that you want. It's busy and in a slightly cramped space. It's also CASH ONLY. I will probably come back again when I want to have dimsum. My friends (ones that grew up here) say it's the best place to go for dimsum. They probably mean that because of the food only.
This place jipped us over $3k and used a language barrier as an excuse. Don't ever come here these guys are not legit
The staff is rude, it's always crowded, the clientele is rude, and it takes years to even get a glass of water.

But, damnit, this is the BEST hangover meal ever.
Ocean Harbor has amazing dim sum!  The last time I was in Philly, I was looking forward to going here.  Unfortunately, I got here too late and they weren't serving it anymore.  I'm def putting this place at the top of my list for the next time I'm in Philly!
After moving recently, I had not been able to hang out with my family as often as I used to. To remedy this, my cousins and I decided to go out for dim sum to catch up and we were able to convince my 95y/o grandmother to come with us. Usually our place of choice is Wokano on Washington Ave, but we decided to try a place in Chinatown instead. We chose Ocean Harbor and that turned out to be the biggest mistake of the day. 

The restaurant seemed relatively busy, but looked to be slowing down as customers were finishing up their meals. It was about 2:40 or so when we arrived so I expected this. My cousins and I were worried about whether or not they were still serving dim sum so as soon as we were seated, we asked the waiter. He really didn't seem to be paying attention and kind of just mumbled "yeah, yeah" without really looking at us and then rushed off. 

We didn't really think anything of it because shortly after, a different waiter came and asked us if we'd like hot tea. We said yes and, as he brought it over, a lady came by with some dim sum dishes. We were relieved to see the dim sum and ordered three of the dishes (two shrimp rice noodle rolls and a pork dish). The server seemed to be in a rush and kind of just threw down the dishes on the table. As she poured the sauce onto the rice noodle dish, she splashed it everywhere. And not once, mind you. She did it with both of them. I couldn't believe it and, after hearing my cousin do his trademark nervous chuckle, I don't think he could either. There was nothing special about the noodle dish, but the pork was kind of cold. 

Fast forward a couple of minutes later and we don't see anymore food. Most dim sum places have the carts that go around every table with goodies, but we didn't see any. That's fine. We understand some places don't do dim sum this way so we asked if there would be any more food coming so we could get more. The guy said yes and walked off.

Then the lady who served the dim sum came by to ask what we'd like to order. We had no idea what to order because we didn't know what was available. We asked for a menu. A guy came by, threw that on the table and, once again, walked off. I am not exaggerating the throwing down the menu thing. It wasn't cool. No one came back to ask us anything after that. I kept looking around, trying to see if any other tables were getting served, but everything seemed to be at a standstill with the other customers as well. The waitstaff, meanwhile, started moving tables and chairs around to prepare for dinner? I don't really know. I just know a guy bumped my cousin's chair with a table he was carelessly carrying and it was hard enough that she didn't look happy.

During this time, we asked at least two more times if dim sum was still going on with no other answer than, "yeah." Otherwise, I felt we were totally ignored.

Now, I want to say we are patient people. At one time or another, we have all worked in the service industry and we understand sometimes there are things that happen that you can't help. If it was just us cousins, we would have made the best of the situation. 

But we don't mess around with grandma. She's 95. It's very rare that she feels up to coming out with us nowadays and we did not want to keep waiting for food. That's why we chose to do dim sum when her; we expected to be served quickly. That's the whole point of dim sum. If you are not going to serve dim sum, please just let us know one of the many times we asked instead of just giving a one (or two) worded answer and then walking away. Or if you are serving it, let us order.

My cousin felt the waitstaff was rude so instead of sticking it out, we decided to just go somewhere else. It wasn't worth it to us to have grandma wait any longer. 

When she got up to pay, she wanted to pay by card. We only came up to $9.50 as a total, but there was a $15 minimum. She said ok and the cashier said she'd have to order two more rice noodle dim sum dishes to be able to pay by card. My cousin said ok but said to hold on one second. She came back to the table to ask her brother and I if we had cash and we did. So She went back, paid for it with a $20, and only got back $4. When she asked why it was $4, the cashier said she ordered two more dishes. Yes, that was her fault, but she asked if she could cancel those two dishes because we paid with cash and not card. The lady said no, we could not cancel the order. 

I mean .. what? That makes no sense. It's a dim sum dish anyway, right? Shouldn't it already be prepared? And she didn't even put the order in. We were sitting right next to the cashier, we can see everything. But she refused and we were hungry and had had enough. 

We didn't bother waiting for those two dishes. Overall, we spent 30-40 minutes here with just 3 dishes.  We walked across the street to Joy Tsin Lau and that was sooo much better.

Tl;Dr : If you want dim sum, Joy Tsin Lau serves it from 2pm-4pm. Go there, avoid here.
This is THE place for dim sum in Philly!  I've tried all the dim sum places and there is NOTHING that can compare.

When I lived here and parents visited me, I made them go here.  Nevermind the fact that we had to wait 30-40 min for a table...it's THAT good and even THEY admitted that it was THAT good.

Keep in mind that this isn't the best place for ppl in wheelchairs b/c one must go up the stairs to be seated.  

Congee is sooooo good.  What really rocks is the stir-fried noodles.  Delicious and oily egg noodles with that slightly wok-burnt taste...YUM!  What's awesome is that they are pretty friendly...meaning um...well...Chinese waitstaff isn't usually friendly....I say they are b/c even though it's a madhouse, they get to ya..about 10 min later. 

Go between 11 and 1!  Once it hits 1 pm, it's not as fresh!!!!
So I'm really surprised that they have a 3 Star and I can only imagine a lot of it is from people who don't understand the rules of Dim Sum.  It's gotta be cheap, it's gotta be tasty (not earthshakingly good), and the food has to be available.   If you pass those 3 metrics, then you are good to go.  Your not coming here for amazing service or super high quality Chinese food.  Your here for chicken feet, beef balls, tripe, etc.   

The food is really tasty. It's not my top rated dim sum restaurant that is in Brooklyn.  I'm not gonna dong a star for that, because they are tasty in their own way. It would be equivalent to being mad at Burger King because they taste different than McDonald's.   They have a wide selection of your typical Dim Sum fare here.  If your looking for chicken feet, tripe, churng fun, tza leurng, and many others, you will find it here.  The place is huge too, so you should be able to get in pretty quick.  

I recommend coming here if you're in the Philly area and aching for Dim Sum.
Classic southern Chinese dim sum!  The food is delicious, but remember where you are and temper your expectations on service.  Don't let that hold you back, this is the real, authentic dim sum.

My fiancee and I came in on a Saturday morning right when we'd expect the bruch rush to be in full swing, but our wait was only about 5 minutes.  We were whisked in and began chowing down immediately.  Jill loved the steam dumplings and I loved everything.  The tripe was tasty and egg tarts are always a favorite.  Some of my biggest suprise favorites were the seafood ones - the cripsy shrimp cake was awesome!

Jill wasn't a big eater, so we ended up getting a little too much, so I couldn't get one of my old favorites, chicken feet.  But all in all we feasted, and I mean FEASTED for $44.  Good price for all that food. Definitely coming back!
I decided to come to this restaurant for dim sum and was pretty disappointed. It didn't feel clean inside and their dim sum items were pretty flavorless. They were small and looked pretty unappealing as well. The whole experience wasn't too great but when the food isn't good, it's an automatic no go for me.
If you want to go to a place where an angry auntie yells at you for requesting a simple service as simple as getting water, you came to the right place. First of all, the chaotic and hectic service and wait, more than 30 minutes my friends and I couldn't get a table, despite seeing random people just walking past us and getting one. When we sat down, this auntie yelled at my face and told me to order something from the menu 100 times despite the fact i told her I am waiting for the cart. Not to mention jn the end, after the harsh treatment which left my friends and I unhappy, I give them 5 dollars tip. She stormed to my table and started yelling and cursing me in Chinese. Calling my mothers name right in front of other customers. If you want a service like this, you came to the right place. Will never go back to here again.
A waiter just accused me of not leaving a tip. I've been to this place four days in a row because I liked the food and it was convenient to my hotel. I would not dream of stiffing them on the tip. I'm trying to assume it was an honest misunderstanding, but it's hard not to be pissed off.

Best case, it was an honest misunderstanding. Worst case, some jerk trying to get me to tip twice.

Three stars is my rating independent of the tip incident.
This is highly rated based on the reviews I read but my experience was mediocre. The shrimp in har cheung is much smaller compare to the Ones we are used to. Service is slow, at one point all the ladies with the cart just stood around chatting while one was on her phone. They didn't clear the empty dishes till much later on and didn't change our plate. 

I still enjoyed it since it's dim sum but comparing to the ones we frequent in NY this is below par. I am not certain how this compares to other dim sum places in philly but based on reviews the one across the street is good as well.
Probably regarded as one of the best dim sum spots in the city. If you come here on the weekends, you actually have to take a number and wait to be seated (no reservations).

The food can be hit or miss.  Sometimes it's fresh and hot and great, so I understand why folks would wait in that long queue to be seated. Other times it's just ok - warm, oily and just heavy on the msg. Today it was somewhere in between, more on the Just ok side.

Service here is always bad. If you're familiar with dim sum, you know that food comes around on pushcarts, to which you just pick and point and what you want. Well, today I felt like the carts would just pass us by, which made wait time between eating long. Also, we had a lot of empty dishes pile up - they just weren't clearing the table fast enough.

I like this place, but with so many new restaurants constantly opening up in Chinatown, why not try something more newer and modern?! My next dim sum won't be here if I have a choice, but I undoubtedly will be back eventually. Because when the food is nice and fresh, it's great!
It was a very bad experience what never happened, the food fake and service was horrible, this  restaurant is a big shame for the negative 100  service .  Service ladies call my names in Cantonese, make fun of my chienglish and the lady in the front desk was a joke . Big shame!!!
I'm from Chicago and this place is such a sad representation of dim sum that I really wonder how the Chinese actually come here. Many of them seem to know each other and they open very late in Philadelphia for dim sum so it must not be the town for dim sum. 

We're early risers and they opened earlier than the other restaurants for dim sum so this could be why they were busy. This is a Cantonese style dim sum so plates are stacked in carts so you can choose what you see. 
The pork dumplings and shrimp dumplings came out first along with chicken feet and tripe. I wasn't too hungry so I only ordered the traditional shrimp dumplings and long rice noodles. The shrimp dumplings were so so and only the long rice noodles with shrimp were the best because of the sauce. 

The pork wrapped with sticky rice and palm leaves is also one of our favorites but it hardly had any meat and it was mainly rice and had no flavoring lIke it was made for a geriatric crowd watching their sodium intake. The deep fried dumplings with taro and meat was again full of the potato and barely any meat so you see what I mean? 

The sesame ball was nice and crunchy but also could have had more sweet red bean paste. They seemed to skimp on everything. I wanted to try the fried turnip cake but it didn't arrive until we were ready to pay our bill. The restaurant looked too rundown so I was afraid to check out their restrooms. Service was typical and often with attitude from the elderly man.
Overall, Ocean Harbor is a pretty average dimsum place. However, it really is one of the more authentic dimsum restaurants in Philadelphia, with a cute dining room and some of the pushing carts with food on it. As per most dimsum places, the service is average, but that's just how it goes. We arrived around 11am on a Saturday, and there was no line. But when we were leaving around 12:15, the line was out the door. My advice: definitely try to arrive early. 

The food quality is pretty average for some of them. They have a creative selection, from shrimp dumplings and changfen to chashao bao and some zhong zi. I enjoyed the food, but found that the shrimp changfen was pretty below quality. Their hundred-year egg porridge is pretty tasty, and everything else you get isn't that bad. 

All in all, it's pretty good if you want a more traditional experience, especially with friends. The food is decently cheap and does taste good. But if you want some truly tasty dimsum, you might need to sacrifice some of the traditional experiences and try looking elsewhere.
Where you should go for dim sum, which is Chinese for organized chaos.  There's usually a line on the weekends but it goes pretty quickly if you can find the guy to put your name down. 

Soon after you sit, many metal carts will descend upon you with little dishes filled with delicious goodness. Get as many as you like, but be careful because you will fill up quickly.

A few favorites are the sticky rice, shrimp dumplings, pork shumai, fried salt and pepper seafood trifecta (3 treasures)!

Enjoy! Credit cards accepted - $15 minimum
Although the idea of food coming around on carts sounds fun, this scene is a little too chaotic for me. The few times we asked to explain some of the dishes we were stared at. The food wasn't too fresh and the reviews about refills of water aren't jokes. They didn't refill our cups until they were like empty. 

All of the food is just ok. Go across the street to Dim Sum Garden which is definitely the best in Philly.
Beware! The lady at the cash register (short hair, glasses) will over charge you for dim sum. The dim sum card is marked with small medium or large plates based on what you ordered, so make sure you ask for how much each plate costs, otherwise she punches numbers into a calculator very fast and writes down the total and it's generally more than what it supposed to be. 

Food is okay. 

Was disgusted when I saw a lady sneeze into her hand and proceeded to set the table. Disgusting.
I ate dimsum here... honestly, it's quite delicious! I was quite impressed by what Philly has to offer in Ocean Harbor. I should note I'm from Los Angeles, and definitely had my fair share of dim sum back there too.

Things to order... the bamboo wrapped sticky rice, red pork buns, shu-mai, he pun (the long white noodles with shrimp in it) and the white radish cake. Yum, I'm getting hungry just typing all of this.
Better than most places in Chinatown for dim sum - but be prepared to wait 30mins or more for a table if you're arriving at prime dim sum time (11am-1pm, especially on Sundays).

Tip: Make a bee line for the man with a purple clipboard to get your name on the list. Dim summers are pretty ruthless and will cut in front of you for a table with no remorse.

I enjoy the dim sum here - but sometimes the dishes are cold or you get seated in a crappy area where the carts never come by. If that happens to you, wave someone down or straight up walk over to the cart and tell them what you want. Sometimes certain dishes have to be special ordered because they're not on the cart for some reason.. So if you don't see what you want, ask for it!

Keep in mind that the dishes are priced as small, medium, large... Overall I think Ocean Harbor's dim sum is a little pricier than others, but willing to pay the price since it's definitely one of the better places in town. 

Favorites: shrimp dumplings, chicken feet, turnip cake, sticky rice, leek dumplings, shrimp wrapped in rice noodle, shu mai, tripe, spare rib tips, black bean clams, egg tarts, .. Don't be shy, just try them all!
Went there with family, two large round tables.  I will never go here again.  Where to start, poor selection, rude wait staff, dirty and we were chased down abused regarding the tip.  When was a 15% mandatory in this type of a restaurant?  I didn't check how they totaled the bill, but I am certain I was overcharged as my bill was close to $200.00
4 stars with reservation. When we get craving for dim sums, we go here. I like dim sums and I've been to many different places in Boston, Flushing, and Manhattan.

The stuff I like and almost always get are good here: various steamed dumplings, especially the shrimp kinds.

Their fried stuff doen't look that great. The steamed buns, I've had better. The sea snails are decent as long as you can eat them fast enough that they don't get cold. Their chicken feet didn't look as appetizing here and their steamed tripes are a bit tough (although the flavor is right)

I try to hunt the cart ladies down myself cause they take a bit to go around, unless you get a seat next to the kitchen.
I cannot, for my life, why this is considered the best dim sum place in Chinatown.  Somebody please explain that to me.  The dim sum here is very typical and they don't offer any specialties, such as shao long bao or Shanghai shumai (not the Cantonese kind).  Tastewise, the food is decent enough but I have a qualm about the service and the generally abysmally inept staff.  Honestly, Ithink that I need to be standing on a table in a bull-fighter costume imported from Andulacia and holding a red  cape to get the attention of a server.  When I'm here with my parents' friends, all is well because they know the owners.  When I'm here with my friends without them, all goes to the Inferno.  I once ordered in Chinese and the lady said "You Chinese?  No!  You no look Chinese."  Gee thanks.  Anyhow, rant aside, there are better places to get dim sum, namely at Joy Tsin Lau right across the street.  They have great service, more variety, and don't insult your lineage.
Dim sum is served with this waitress's dental plaque. She is flossing her teeth is front of customers and handled food without washing her hands afterwards.
Honestly this place is trash. Service is trash and food isn't that great. We got sat down and the staff wouldn't even acknowledge us cause we weren't Chinese. I say this because anytime a Chinese person came in and spoke the language, the service was different. Never coming back.
As someone who has never had dim sum before, this was a brand new experience for me. Thank GOODNESS that I went with someone who already knew what everything was, and how to order, otherwise I would have been totally lost, overwhelmed, and probably would have just left.

We arrived at 10:30 am on Sunday, and there was no line. We were seated immediately. Around 10:45, there was already a line out the door. My pal did all of the ordering, so I have no idea what I was eating but everything was decent. 

I wish I could give a more thorough review. If there had been a menu at the table that gave a description of what everything was, I think I would have preferred that- maybe that is not how dim sum works, but with people just taking carts around, I have suspicions that there were other food items available that we weren't offered.

I plan to try this out again, and I will do another review when the time comes. But afterwards, all I knew was that I was really full, I paid less money than I expected to, and that my head was spinning from all of the sugar in the food and in the tea.
I came here with a group for 'the experience' of the dim sum carts. What we didn't know is that the place also includes the experience of unpleasant service and disappointing food.  Upon entering you put your name down and receive a number on a torn piece of paper, old school deli style. The cliental is mostly Asian with some culinarily curious individuals of various descent.  The wait went quite quick. All this seemed promising.  However, my excitement plummeted like the temperature of our food. Everything we ordered was either cold or room temperature. More disappointingly, this is perhaps the only Asian restaurant in the city which has not discovered the secret of MSG and flavor. What happened to umami? The staff went out of its way... to make it clear to us that our lack of understanding the language and the menu is annoying them. I guess I was under false pretenses of believing that they're attempting to promote a business and a culture and ensure a positive experience. I absolutely do not see a reason to come back.
I went here on Sunday morning 10:30 with a group of 8 people. We were seated on "stage" and as mentioned in other reviews those tables don't get much service. The service we did get was abrupt and rude, and basically resulted in either a dirty look if we declined the offering or a hot pot or plate being tossed at our table if we accepted. It took almost half an hour to get water and in the 90 minutes we were there they came back with clams at least a dozen times. I guess they were not a big hit on Sunday. 
The real reason for the one star review is that two people in our party got really sick. Not sure which dish did them in but we won't be meeting for brunch here anytime soon again. I guess a good thing I can add to this review is that we left a tip and did not get chased down the street after departing like a lot of other reviewers.
Food was decent, I wont lie. But the only time they came up to us was to ask for the tip I had to call them out for water or any food what so ever. They completely ignored us.
Good DimSum in Chinatown - super busy on Sunday's. Good for big groups. Ocean Harbor carries your usual chicken feet, shumai, beef noodle stir fry, and many more traditional DimSum dishes! Service can be a little slow sometimes but it's understandable as the restaurant usually has all the tables filled with groups lining out the door!
Good dimsum as attested by the crowds on a Sunday morning.  There was a long wait for our small group and not much to do outside of the restaurant.  But the wait was worth it and we lucked out with our own private round table.  The ladies with the carts circulated the restaurant frequently.  When we were done, we brought the tab up to the front and paid there.
Best cart dim sum in the city! The wait is usually about 20-30 minutes on the weekends during peak hours, but it's well worth it! The staff is attentive, but not too aggressive (as they sometimes can be at cart dim sum places). My favorite dishes include the pork ribs, crispy noodle wrapped in rice noodle, and shao mai. Come for a fun dining experience with a group of friends so that you can try a little bit of everything!
Pretty authentic dim sum. The inside decorating leaves something to be desired the carpet is very old and looks like they have sent herds of cattle across it for the past 15 years. 

The food is pretty good if you know what to get and how to get it. A lot of times the tables that were flagging the carts down by raising their hands were getting served while we would get the last of everything that was picked over. So if you are in need of something get the servers attention and they will make sure they come over to your table. 

The place gets CRAZY busy so either go early or be prepared to wait for 30 minutes at the least to get a table. 

This place was nice but may be a one and done for me.
The service is bad beyond believe.  The waiter told us that we are troublesome since we requested water. ( we have young children in the group, who still pay for $2 pp for tea that they can't drink!).  The carts were not circulating at some point.  Many people have to take the order card, and just grab food when the carts come out of kitchen. When we pay for our bill at the end, the guy told us we have to pay at least 15% tip or he will not return our credit card.  It is overall just unbelievably rude. 
Food is not bad but not hot.  Seriously, don't go!
The food is good but the service is very very horrible. We have been here many times over the years and the service get wirse and wirse. Today is our final attemp to support this horrible local business. This morning right after we finished paying for our meal and the waiter who wasn't even waited on us came over and demanded tips in cash. My husband was upset and told him we weren't ready to go yet and we were about to leave the tip. I left tip anyway. What kind of restaurant demanding tip before the customer even leave the restaurant? Tip is based on the performance of the service. From the scale from 1 to 10. This place gets a minus 10 for service. Why should anyone even leave tip at the first place?
Needless to say, this place is absolutely the best dim sum place in the whole Chinatown!
The most important thing is you get what you see so there's no messing around with confusion!
The foods are always fresh since they do sell a lot of them during the day!
The wait time are usually tolerable(within 45mins)!unless there are event going on( like Chinese New Year parade) 
Crystal shrimp dumplings are the best in town as well!
My go to place for dim sum in the area!The foods are also very affordable with great quality! Great for groups!
the customer service is absolutely disgusting. they berated a couple of young kids on a field trip for not leaving a tip. for their first experience in chinatown philly, it was a pretty nasty memory. the lady literally blocked the door that leads to the bathroom and accused them on the steps of the basement to compel them to leave a tip that they didn't deserve. she SHAMED THEM AND THEIR CHAPERONE when they left!! very dismissive and rude when we asked to explain how to order and what each dish was. my table asked for water SEVERAL times and it took many tries to give it to us. the food was served either cold or lukewarm; the only thing hot was the tea. never told us that the tea was $1.50 PER PERSON ALREADY CHARGED and not for the whole table itself (some of the people at my table didn't even drink the tea!!). also, a couple of customers and i saw a worker smoking in the kitchen!!!
I had a dim sum craving and was generally distrusting of Dim Sum Garden's interior, despite having read great reviews. I had been to Ocean Harbor once a few years back and remembered a good experience, so I decided to come here instead.

The dim sum was decent. The service from our actual server was not very good - it took forever to get water and soda. The carts could have come around more often, but then again, it was pretty busy. 

I'll probably try Joy Tsin Lau after this.
I personally don't see how Joy Tsin Lau trumps this place in terms of food quality. However, in terms of decor, Ocean Harbor is definitely better. It's very bright and reasonably clean, and that alone means a lot in Chinatown. JTL is right opposite on the street, and you can usually see more people waiting outside OH but not JTL. My decision process is when there is a lot of people outside OH, I head over to JTL.

I recommend going only during the weekends when there are a lot of other customers to move the food off the carts. That way you get freshly steamed goodies.
First time in Philadelphia chinatown and this seemed like the place to go for authentic dim sum given all the choices. The restaurant was relatively busy for a Friday morning, so I can only imagine how it must be on a Saturday or Sunday. Seating was fast as well as the food. They push carts here giving the authentic experience, but we were also able to order other dim sum dishes from the kitchen that were not on the carts. Was pleasantly surprised by the price, 8 dishes cost around $27. Overall, not the best dim sum place i've been to in terms of taste or quality, but given the low cost would probably come back.
Ocean Harbor has been the dim sum place I've been going to since I was a child. It is the only restaurant in Chinatown that I would consistently go back for its dim sum. The service varies, depending on what day you go and with who you go to, but the food is very consistent. I don't think it's the greatest, but it makes you want to go back at least once every month.

Food
I come here for dim sum, so I'll stick to those types of food. Do not order any "premium" items! These include the veggies, fried rice, and food in general that do not look like little appetizers; they are usually overpriced and aren't that great. I love the marinated tripe, the radish cakes, the rice rolls (especially the beef rice roll), shu mai, and beef balls. I am personally not a fan of the chicken feet, but my friends love it. Definitely come with at least one person, since dim sum is suppose to be eaten and shared among a group of people! All in all, try everything! The food is great, although it might be scary to some people who are not familiar with this type of cuisine. I'd definitely say it's cheap enough if you are with a group of people! Another word of advice: they will ask you what tea you want from the start and will charge a small price per person for the tea; so if no one drinks hot tea, tell them you'd like water instead.

Service
On weekends, this place gets PACKED! Coming after 10:30 would possibly cause you to wait for at least 30 minutes, so either come early or come during the weekdays! Sometimes, having one person come early is good too. When it's busy, service drastically declines to a point where you have to constantly get up and call for the staff to get you what you want. The cart ladies will still come by regularly, but there will be times when you'll say, "Why did s/he go that way!? S/he didn't come this way yet!" Best way to grab their attention is if you have someone in your group speaking Chinese talking to them, which leads to another point about service: if someone speaks Chinese, they usually treat the group more nicely because they will think that you know what you want and how to order.

Pros: Dim Sum (Food)
Cons: Poor Service when Busy, Inconsistent Service at times...
authentic dim sum! we visited philly last weekend and i was feeling hungry for some dim sum which we don't have any authentic ones in Pittsburgh. We came here around 10:45am, and the wait was so long that people had to wait outside of their door. The host told us that the wait would probably 25minutes. so we feel like alright, we will get our number and walk around the neighborhood a little bit. But, apparently, the 25minutes got extended to over an hour wait. the food were good! the claims are not recommend because it was cold and it was stir fried with ginger and seafood sauce without any chef's creation. Other than that, everything else was good.
I came to Ocean Harbor with a group of friends on a craving for good dim sum. We arrived on a Saturday morning around 11, and there was no wait, which we had heard of on weekend lunch prime hours. The ambiance was bright and bustling, with very classical interior designs for a dim sum restaurant. We were seated at a round table, and off to the races. 

They do charge a tea fee per person, but the dim sum is actually cheap and credit cards are taken with a minimum payment. On to the dim sum though. The salt and pepper crispy squid was amazing, and was a really good deal for the table. The shu mai and cheung fun were also incredible, tasting very authentic compared to some of the better dim sum restaurants in NYC. The congee was also very delicious, and they had a hoi xin gao (seafood dumpling) that was very tasty as well. The three of us were completely full from dim sum and only spent around $14 per person. Such a good deal! I would highly recommend Ocean Harbor for dim sum in Philly, an amazing place.
You come here for the Dim Sum and you leave happy.

Just in case you dont know what to expect, I will lay it out here:

1) This place is busy during dim sum hours on the weekend. Very busy. You will wait for a table.

2) This place is not super attentive. You need to listen for your number to be called for a table. You need to ask for things that you need or want (water, utensils, etc). You need to be clear and assertive with the staff. They are not rude, but they are super busy and they will basically just leave you to your own devices to some degree.

3) The food is good, for the most part. And the price is right. Good enough that I give this place 4 stars even though the ambiance, staff, and all other things leave a lot to be desired.

If you like Dim Sum, come and try out the authentic experience here!
Authentic, old school Cantonese dim sum. My wife and I are in love with this place. 

Best time to visit is during the weekend at 10am. An hour later and you'll be waiting to get a table. 

No need to read the menu; just point and choose from the carts. 

A lot of the negative reviews seem to be related to poor service, but honestly the service makes it more authentic. No overly dramatic attention. If you want the waiters attention, simply wave them down.
Went there after Chinese New Year Parade with my gf and friends and family. Lots of fun, loud fire crackers and dancing lions. Lots of people. No parking, traffic. There was a long, looong wait, but that was no problem because of the festivities. The place was CROWDED. We were seated quickly once our number came up, and quickly served tea and food thereafter. For how crowded it was, the service was impressive.

They kept bringing full tea pots and made sure our used dishes were cleared. 

The food was very good.!
