So happy to have had date night here! The bar is dark with a sexy feel. We sat at the bar since we were there to take advantage of their happy hour otherwise this place is expensive. They also have high top tables in the bar area, regular tables, booths, a private dining room with glass walls (very chic), and an upstairs area with more tables.

Like I said we were there to take advantage of their happy hour so I had the whiskey clover $10 which was delicious! Perfect balance of dark and sweet flavors, highly recommend it. My bf has a glass of red wine he was happy with. They give you popcorn to munch on as you wait at the bar. Popcorn was great but just a little too salty. 

For food we had the crispy seabass sandwich $10 comes 2 small sandwiches to an order. This was delicious and extremely fresh. The primer sliders $10 come two to an order also very good. The truffle fries $5 were good but I could skip them next time. Lastly the charbroiled oysters $5 for 3 on the half shell, they were perfectly cooked and very tasty!

The restaurant is beautiful with a classy feel. The bartenders were friendly and attentive. The only reason for not giving them 5 stars are the prices (even for happy hour they're on the high end) and because they had a girl standing outside in the cold opening the entrance door to patrons! As fancy as that may be it was cold yesterday it snowed overnight and in the morning. It's ridiculous to have someone outside in the cold opening the door.
I'm so bummed about this place. SO bummed.  I could not wait to try it and was soo excited for this new addition to the coveted corner at 15th & Sansom.  I'm a huge lover of both steaks and seafood, and know how to spot good quality.

I will say the two highlights of my night were 1) walking in to this restaurant which is beautiful and smells of truffle (I would live in a house of truffle if I could) and 2) my appetizer, the Ahi Tuna Tartare.  I would give that dish 6 stars if I could! The fresh quality of the tuna, mixed with the crunchy rice cracker in the middle and ripe lovely avocado on the bottom literally melted in my mouth.

It all went down hill with the entrees.  I ordered the filet mignon, per usual for my steak preference, and was truly disappointed at the quality of the steak.  It was chewy and tough (closer to a strip or rib-eye) and pretty dry, and not even the $4 truffle butter I ordered on top could salvage this experience. So sad :(

My mother (an avid lobster lover) ordered the twin lobster tails and had them sent back twice. The first time they were over-seasoned (to which, our odd-mannered server ensured her that there were "no seasonings to worry about"...wtf does that even mean?!) The second time they were brought out, without any seasoning, they had a pungent fishy-flavor which is not normal for high-quality lobster.  The manager agreed that the chefs concurred that they didn't taste right.

(Side note, my boyfriend ordered the Kansas City Strip which was DELICIOUS and fluffy and wonderful.  For $44, seems about right).

The bar and the restaurant itself are beautiful, and the manager was very accomodating to our experience.  I may go back in the future, but probably only for drinks and appetizers at the bar!
My first time to Ocean Prime and sad to say this will be my last especially with the selection of upscale steakhouse and seafood restaurants there are in the city. I was celebrating my fiancé's birthday and we chose Ocean Prime for their crab cakes. Unfortunately this restaurant missed the mark in every last category - service, food and valet.
Service - server not attentive and possibly had too many tables. We were clearly done eating for at least 15 minutes, the busser finally came over to clear the table and bag up leftovers and we had to ASK for a dessert menu. Why wasn't this offered? Even that took another 5 minutes to get. I told the waiter it was my fiancé's birthday and we got a chocolate placard on the dessert that said "congratulations", NOT "happy birthday".
Food- we both order the crab cake entree. Portion wise it was good as you get 2 crab cakes however we were informed that they "tweaked" the recipe 4 days ago. The crab cakes we received were not what we've heard folks rave about. They had a weird cheap thick Panko crust, lots of cheap filling and a weird frozen supermarket style after taste. I tried to get the managers attention and asked the waiter if I could give feedback and the manager never came over. He only came by in the very beginning of the meal as we were taking our first bites, kind of hard to give valid feedback after one bite of a meal. For an upscale restaurant, those crab cakes were pathetic. Do not order until they revert their recipe.
Valet- apparently they park cars blocks away near Fogo de Chao. This is not an efficient system and takes forever. We waited in the rain for 20 minutes for our car.
Overall 1 star for the price and reputation. Overrated, there's plenty of other quality restaurants in walking distance.
I can't really think of anything I didn't like about dining here last night for Restaurant Week. The interior is gorgeous, the service is classy, and although this rarely happens, I was already thinking ahead about other occasions to return while I was eating. 

The food and beverages were top notch from beginning to end. My sister and I coincidentally both ended up getting the House Salad, Filet Mignon, and 5-layer carrot cake. Everything was excellent, including the bread basket - fresh, warm, and moist bread with a delicious crust and a side of whipped butter. Our salads were decent sized and had a great balance of leaves, fruit, and nuts, tossed in a light vinaigrette. Unlike some other reviewers', neither of our filets were burnt. They were tender and juicy on the inside and perfectly done on the outside. 

The drinks we got with our meals were also delicious and unique. I had the Black Orchid, which was sweet, with herbal hints, and had a giant marble-like ice cube with a real orchid floating inside, keeping my drink nicely chilled throughout the meal. My sister had the famous Bubbles and Berries, which was more tart in taste, but still very fruity and was kept bubbling and sublimating throughout the meal by what looked like dry ice powder. 

The atmosphere is definitely very dressy, and everything went very smoothly from making reservations to leaving the establishment (a lot of communication and friendly service throughout). Props to the staff and management for their diligence and attention to detail in creating great dining experiences.
I've heard good and bad things about Ocean Prime, but I was excited to try it for myself. My wife took me here for my birthday. Upon walking in, I took pleasure in the ambiance and little details like the lighting, table set ups, furniture, etc. It's not simply upscale in price, but the environment is upscale as well...to a degree. We were well dressed in business attire/evening best, as were most of the patrons. The dress code is not strictly enforced as there were some diners with jeans and such, but everyone looked presentable.

I rarely give five stars, but when every aspect of my experience is memorable, anything less than five stars is simply unfair. Our server, Michael, was a pleasure to deal with. He was very informative and made it his priority to wish me happy birthday as soon as he introduced himself. In fact, a number of staff at the restaurant gave me birthday wishes, which was surprising and nice.

On to the meals. We started off with an appetizer: Point Judith Calamari. The sweet chili sauce it was drizzled with was really good. The candied cashews were very sparse. For the main course, I ordered the Chilean sea bass with whipped potatoes and champagne truffle sauce. My wife ordered the sea scallops with parmesan risotto, English peas and citrus vinaigrette. Both were really good.

I was pleasantly surprised when a complimentary dessert was brought to me for my birthday. I thought restaurants stopped doing this. The triple chocolate cake was amazing.

Overall, I had a pleasant experience and I plan to come back to try a few more items on the menu.
I've been to the Ocean Prime restaurants in Atlanta and Denver and had great experiences and thankfully the Philadelphia location was just as good. 
I brought my mom here for an early birthday dinner and had an amazing time. The restaurant is nicely decorated, the service was stellar, the food was delicious. My mom had an amazing time, which was all that mattered. I give Ocean Prime 4 stars!

Drinks
* Berries & Bubbles - my mom loved this drink and the show that comes along with it. 5 stars
* Cucumber Gimlet - was refreshing and tasty. 5 stars

Food
* Prime Steak Tartare - so good I hated that I had to share. 5 stars
* 10oz Filet - was cooked to my specifications perfectly, so tender and juicy. 5 stars
* Teriyaki Salmon- my mom had this and she said it was one of the best salmon dishes she's had in a few years. 5 stars
* Black Truffle Mac & Cheese - was good and cheesy, but isn't a must try. 4 stars
* Roasted Garlic Mashed Potatoes- not that great and I recommend you skip this side. 2 stars

Dessert
* Butter Cake - this dessert wasn't good just because it was free...it was good because who doesn't love a rich, moist cake that's a decent size too. 4.5 stars
* Carrot Cake - was just OK. 3 stars
(to the tune of "One More Time" by Daft Punk)

(Ocean Prime we're gonna celebrate
Oh yeah all right, tastebuds are dancing) x 4

Ocean Prime - for when you're feeling
Like celebrating -
Tonight.
Make a date,
Don't wait too late.
Rezzies fill up. so don't stop
If you want crab legs so great

Ocean Prime x 2

Ocean Prime - beyond imagination
You know they're doing it right
Each night, got us reeling
And you know we're feeling the need
Surf & turf, on a date!
Celebrate [but know it's not free]
Just know that it is splurge wor-thy.
Celebrate, don't think of money
Ocean PRIME!

Ready to ball out? Ready to eat the most perfectly prepared crab legs and fish? Interested in both surf AND turf? Take yourself on a fancy night out at Ocean Prime - I can almost guarantee you'll have a great time. The service: impeccable. The cocktails? Divine (and creative). The food is expertly crafted. And, if I was able to, I'd dine here more often. However, having been on a few special occasions (and a v. reasonably priced happy hour) I can speak to it being a terrific spot to really transport yourself into the lap of luxury.

The king crab legs are the best I've ever had, hands down, and I LOVE their little butter holder which, over a flame, keeps the drawn butter at the perfect temperature [no cold butter lumps!] The "surf and turf" appetizer with scallops and braised short rib was almost dreamy enough to stop there, but I'd recommend at LEAST getting some fish and Brussels sprouts. And the piece de resistance - the carrot cake. Ten layers - each tastier than the last. HEAVEN ON A PLATE!

Wow, I'm hungry again just thinking of it.
Visiting from LA with a picky taste and might I say this place left me so satisfied. I got the Teriyaki Salmon, Lobster Mac N Cheese and Asparagus with a Cesar salad. AMAZING!!
I went to Ocean prime during restaurant week I was super excited to go. When I went the Decor and ambience was very beautiful. I went with two of my other friends for restaurant week and we all ordered the steak. I ordered a medium well steak and my one friend ordered a medium rare steak. When are steaks came I was given a medium rare and my friend got rare. That's not what we ordered. I told the waiter that I wanted to cook a little bit more this was not a medium well steak. When I got my steak back it was still the same. It looked as if they put it in the boiler for a hot second and that was it. It was still really bloody in the middle. The waiter was super apologetic the manager was apologetic but at the same time his tone was like "whatever". He also looked really young. Like in his early to mid twenties. As if he just finished hospitality school. If you're going to be across from Del Frisco steakhouse you better be on your "A" game all the time. After my steak was sent back to my table a second time, I just was like I don't even want it anymore. I just lost all interest in wanting to eat. It was very frustrating. Yes, I understand that they only been open for less than a month. That is why you have a soft opening to fix these problems. The chef should still know how to cook steak. That cooking basics 101. It's just insulting to the customer that the steak was sent back to me second time and not cooked properly again. The chef should be embarrassed. I did write on the Ocean Prime comment card. 

Overall, I really wanted to like Ocean Prime but I was very disappointed I did like our waiter he was very generous very apologetic and did everything to make myself and my friends very comfortable and still be able to enjoy our evening. If I do ever go back to Ocean prime it would just be for drinks that's it. I will go to Del Frisco's for steak. 

The funny thing is I really liked the private room on the second floor and thought that room with the overlooking view of the whole restaurant would be a perfect spot to host my next dinner party. After my experience it knocked that idea out of the running so know I have to look at other places.
When reading a review, it is unfortunate that one does not know the level of excellence required by that reviewer. 

 If it's, "It's great if I don't have to cook it", any restaurant is just fine. 

I was waiting to see what establishment would take over this beautiful building. When I saw that it was part of a chain, I was not thrilled but determined   to give it a fair shake with no prejudices.

We are just one block away, so this place would have been ideal.

We were four people all of the same opinion.

  Perhaps drinks enhance the taste of the food, but we did not have any on this occasion.
The decorator's have done a stunning job on the interior of this building.
Sadly the food is no match for all that money spent nor is the chef.

The food at best is mediocure.  The prices are high.

The salad was OK.  The lobster bisque is poured over embellishments in the soup plate at your table. It would be nice of the liquidity of the soup was that, but it needs to be scooped rather than poured from the server's pitcher.  The taste was just OK.

Two of us ordered crab cakes.  They are served over a corn broth and very generous in size.  The taste,  is very spicy  with lots of filler. I tasted no crab meat.

 The opinion from both diners was the same on this.  One person ordered a filet, medium rare. I came well done and looked like shoe
leather.

When the only thing that is a standout is the dessert it is not worth the trip unless you are just havng dessert.

Even little dinky restaurants have a decaf cappuccino machine.They don't, so we ordered plain decaff.
It is always a pleasure dining with my fellow friend from grad school days, whose like a brother from another. We pulled up to valet and received a hearty welcome and fast escort into restaurant where we were greeted by an onslaught of hostess. One of whom escorted us to a table paralleling the kitchen. The seating was half booth but quite comfy. The place was gorgeous, adorned by rich browns and accents mirroring the deep sea. 

We dined for restaurant week which gave us an opportunity to sample the menu in three courses. I feasted on:

1. Appetizer: Lobster Bisque with Corn Fritter
2. Entree: Crab Cake with corn and Succatash
3. Dessert: Ten- Layer Carrot Cake with pineapple anglaise

To accompany our meal, we also had the white truffle deviled eggs with our cocktails (blueberries & bubbles and Tequila Cocktail) before our meal and added the black truffle Mac and Cheese  as an accompanying side with our entree. Perusing the al la carte menu, there are so many mouth-watering options that I'll be sure to give a try in future visits. 

Our waiter Michael was prompt and attentive and certainly not over bearing. We provided compliments to the chef and were astounded by the ambiance, friendliness of fellow customers and well-portioned menu. 

Ocean Prime May be new to the scene but they are definitely off to a great start.
My best friend chose Ocean Prime to celebrate her birthday.  I thought I would really enjoy this restaurant after seeing the menu, however, that was not the case.

After being seated, we were greeted by our server who gave us menus, then disappeared for about 10 mins before returning to take our drink orders.  When he returned, more than 10 mins later, he forgot one of the drinks and it took about 7 mins to get the drink.  After leaving the drink you'd think he would be ready to take our order, however, he was not.  Another several minutes went by before he returned to take our orders, and once again he forgot someone.  We had to call him back to the table to take the last persons order.

You see the trend???

The 8oz filet mignon ordered medium well came out completely under cooked and had to be sent back.  Disappointing.  I've eaten at several amazing restaurants, Ruth's Chris, Del Frisco's, MJ Steakhouse, Morton's, and STK to name a few.  My expectations for Ocean Prime were high, however, the service and the food left much to be desired.  

Our dinner started at 5:30 and lasted until 9:30. I would like to say that this was due to us having a good time, but unfortunately it wasn't. The long expectant waits counted for at least an hour of our dinner.

I really hope our dining experience was the exception and not the rule...
I just had an amazing experience at Ocean Prime.
I chose this place for restaurant week, because it was one of the restaurants offering dishes that they actually serve on their menu.

We got there a little early for our reservation and were seated right away.  I gasped as soon as I entered the restaurant because I was blow away by the "chicness" and ambiance.  We were seated upstairs, and the bus boys served us water right away.  
The only issue I had was that it took about 10 minutes for a waitress to greet our table and take our drink orders.  In my days of serving, I was always taught to greet customers within two minutes of sitting down, so Ocean Prime, take note.

Once the waitress got to our table, she took our drink orders, and everything else was okay.  I ordered the Bubbles and Berries martini which was a really cool cocktail, and my mother ordered a raspberry iced tea, which was the best she'd ever had (I tried it, it was good).

We ordered the sautéed shrimp appetizer which I highly recommend.  Moving on to dinner, we tried the lobster bisque (very good-but NOT better than Devon's), Ocean Prime Salad (fantastic)" and caesar salad (good but too lemony).

For our entrees we ordered the crab cakes and filet.  The filet was one of the best pieces of steak I had ever had (second to Del Frisco's Double Eagle Ribeye) and the crab cakes were good (but Devon's are better).  We also ordered a side of lobster mac and cheese (made by request) which was awesome.

After dinner, I was too stuffed to eat my carrot cake dessert, but I did taste their mango apricot sorbet and that was TDF. I also had their french pressed coffee which was a real treat.  The coffee was soo good, one should only drink it black.

I think I may become a regular here.
Made reservations two weeks ago for a party of 8-9 in celebration of my 35th birthday, however, someone goofed and there were NO reservations under my name nor number. This is what I found out when I called to confirm, but the hostess (I apologize I can't remember his name) was apologetic, accommodating, and we didn't have a wait. 

The ambiance of any restaurant sets the stage - this is where it all begins. The ambiance was great, perfect for any occasion, first date, gatherings, or celebrations.  

Our waiter - Michael, phenomenal and attentive. 

The food mmmmm delicious!! You MUST try the calamari, best I've ever tasted. I had the lamb chops, spinach, and lobster mac & cheese,  scrumptious! The sides are enough for 2 people. My only recommendation is that the restaurant add sweet potatoes (rather it's baked, mashed, or casseroled) this is a MUST have when you want to enjoy a steak. 

Dress casual and comfortable. The valet is $22 (must be paid upon arrival) 

I can't leave this review without thanking Trish also, she was such a big help!! 

Ocean Prime thank you for my complementary birthday cake - no words can describe how good it tasted.
I actually thought walking in here last night was a joke. The staff are all dressed like cheap prostitutes especially the extremely unfriendly bartenders. Ordered 3 different cocktails at the bar, all of them had less than the appropriate count of liquor, priced at 12-14 dollars each. If these were made correctly I would have no problem spending that much. Each person working last night had a horrible attitude and was extremely rude I will definitely not be back.
Great Service and Meal!  I made my reservation the same day and was able to get an booth for an evening meal.  Once we were seated, we started with the signature drinks and this was a good choice!  Our waitstaff arrived with the sourdough and pretzel bread was warm and tasty.  We decided to share the Calamari and the sauce that is carefully infused into this dish was superb!  

Our entrees were the scallops and crab cakes with the lobster mac and cheese.  Let me tell you the Scallops were on a bed of risotto that was cooked perfectly.  I tasted the Crab Cakes and they were fresh, crispy on the outside and soft and moist on the inside.  

Our waitstaff and manager was attentive throughout the meal and made the experience all the better!
I'm taking away stars because of the extremely rude service I experienced over the weekend.   We were a party of six  who hadn't seen each other for a while and therefore, had a lot to say.  The hostess was lovely and seated us rather quickly.  

The issue here is that when I go to a fine dining establishment, I anticipate being able to enjoy my meal and company without being rushed by the waiter. This did not happen on Saturday when we felt like we were being kicked out.  Let me reiterate that I have worked in diners, chains and fine dining restaurants and have never rushed my guests for the sake of getting home early or being seated next.  

Our waiter, Michael, barely gave us time to look at the menu and while his service was initially fine, the whole process was rushed.  Appetizers came out within 5 minutes after ordering, and then entrees followed about 15 minutes after the first course was served.  
We took our time enjoying our meals and I took another 5 minutes to finish my salad after everyone else was finished.  Everyone else had their plates cleared (I was close to finishing, so my plate was still on the table) and the dessert menus were dropped off.  2 minutes later our waiter came back asking what we wanted.  5 minutes later, our desserts were out.  In the middle of dessert, the waiter dropped off the check and began circling the table, walking back and forth every 2 minutes to see if we had picked it up (this went on for about 20 minutes).  We were drinking our coffee, eating dessert and enjoying each others company but it was obvious that the waiter was annoyed.  The restaurant wasn't crowded and had plenty of tables available so it wasn't like we were taking up someone else's reservation, so I think the waiter was just trying to go home.  After we paid, he proceeded to come and take the bill off his table, look at the tip and say "thanks a lot that was very nice".

If theres one thing I know, you do not remove the table to check your tip until after the party leaves.  I am soo disappointed by this whole rushed experience and I will be writing to corporate.
I walked past this restaurant 1,000 times. After missing a late window for dinner on a Friday night I decided to give it a try with an attorney friend of mine Joe who lives in the area (South Philly) & who also informed me he walked past this restaurant a thousand times and never dined. Prophetically, we both commented on the fact this was either going to be the greatest restaurant or the absolute worst given neither of us fine-dining-whores had ever been here before, sadly the latter was true. uggggg

Only reason this restaurant deserves (2) stars is because our server was apologetic, energetic, (and leaving town to relocate to Boston, which was another Shakespearean omen foreshadowing of bad things to come!)

Upon entering the restaurant I checked in with the beleaguered Host I asked for a table for two, he politely told me that the reservations were fully booked up (FRIDAY NIGHT Restaurant Week 1/24/2020), however, we were able to sit in the bar area. Which was fine. After much cajoling and begging though he reluctantly took down my name (at my insistence) and HUMBLY I requested a table for two (2) when (I knew they would) OPEN UP ...any table. After throwing me shade & several eye rolls later, we walked to the bar area.

(MURPHYS LAW) After 10-20 minutes of sitting at a hightop in bar area (BEFORE WE ORDERED) (2) two tables 5 feet from the glass in the main dining area opened up, sadly, he never came and got us. I could have pressed the issue but I really just wanted to dig into the best $350 meal of my life, right? WRONG! (Think again Sean)

(SLIGHTLY OFF TOPIC) I participate in Dry-January (abstaining from alcohol google it), my attorney friend Joe was looking forward to BOOZING IT UP some MOAR!!!!! So, the waitress laughed out loud when I asked her for a mock cocktail?, I had to explain to her what Dranuary is. And then after I educated her, she gave me a hard time after mocking ME & NOT the cocktail ha! So, I ordered ginger ale w/ lime... she was so exhausted after making fun of me as was I so she just walked away without getting a drink order from my guest Joe. 

(ON TOPIC) Several of the plates glassware  and items on the table were dirty and look like they HADN'T BEEN cleaned in ages. (The whipped butter dish had fragments of bread in the bottom so I pray to the good Lord it wasn't from another guest table, totally grossed me out) We proceeded to order one of everything off the menu and the first item to come (1) dozen FRESH oysters which were absolutely RANCID (the opposite of fresh), I almost threw up in my mouth and luckily the waitress was there to witness it and she immediately took them away and took them off our bill (YA THINK??!!) after apologizing profusely ---they smelled like dead vomit.

Sushi roll app was up next (more dirt & grime) the soy sauce trays had more debris & grime. My $59 PRIME NY steak was "ok" (I asked for medium it was a raw bloody).

Needless to say this restaurant does not justify charging $325 -($400 with tip) --- these prices don't need, nor take an elite yelper like myself, or, a foodie to know you have to execute everything with PERFECT Precision to charge 1/2 a BAND HOW IS THIS PLACE STILL IN BUSINESS??? ---I will NEVER be going back to this restaurant! I encourage others to NOT venture in after walking past 1000 times the universe WAS  telling me something --- "Sean, JUST SAY NO to Ocean SUBprime!!!" run Forrest run!! JUST SAY NO
I had so much hope for this place but the food was awful. The restaurant is beautiful and the service was top-notch, but damn they do not know how to cook a steak. I ordered the filet and it had zero seasoning on it. I ordered it medium and it came out blood rare. Sides were mediocre. Honestly dessert was the best part of the meal. For the price this place is not even in the same league as Del Frisco's or Butcher Singer.
First time here- stopped in for a late lunch/ early dinner around 4:30 pm with my family and I will definitely be coming back. The ambiance was amazing, I need to go back and visit during the evening when it's a little more crowded. Server was phenomenal I can't recall her name but she kept coming over to make sure we were ok. I got the sea bass & wanted to lick my plate it was so good paired with a delicious mashed potatoes. I also tried some of the sushi my sister had which was OK! 
The prices are extremely reasonable for a place that looked like this. 
I'm giving 4 stars because you would think if you're in such a classy place there wouldn't be gnats around your dinner that you kept having to shoo away but there was!
We also requested our car from the valet and it took such a long time to get! The three boys near the valet looked like they couldn't get in touch with the guy who went to get my car. I will be back though!
I've heard a lot of great things about Ocean Prime from one of my friends. So I decided to take my girlfriend here during the last restaurant week and it was a good decision. We were celebrating our anniversary and the experience was celebratory. Our table was decorated romantically, we were given free champagne, and our dessert had anniversary chocolates on it as well. Our server was friendly and took good care of us.

The menu for restaurant week was pretty standard, but their regular menu looked very interesting and almost persuaded me to order more. The bread basket was really, really good. It came with a couple of different grains, and came out really warm which was a perfect start to the dinner. My girlfriend and I both got the filet mignon cooked medium rare, but mine came out medium while hers was the more juicy medium rare. The dessert I chose was the carrot cake and it was BOMB. It was probably the best carrot cake I've had. I don't know if they order the cake or make it in house but I would order that any day.

The real stars of the night were the cocktails we ordered. Our server recommended the berries and bubbly to my girlfriend which had dry ice and made the drink have cool effects. I ordered the whiskey clover. Both of these drinks were amazing. I don't usually order cocktails when I go out but I'm glad I did that night. Overall, this place has great ambiance and the staff delivers even on the smallest details.
The short story is that the food and drinks here were excellent, but unfortunately on our visit, the overall experience was marred by poor service. Because the manager proactively came to me during dinner and promised to "make it right", which he did with the bill, I'm still giving it 4 stars. 

My wife and I came here after a matinee show at the theater and this was also a slightly early Valentine's celebration since our visit was the weekend before Valentines. Everything started off wonderful and our waiter even gave my wife a gluten free menu once we told him she was GF. We also asked for his recommendation on drinks and he recommended the Berries & Bubbles cocktail. I would highly recommend this cocktail-great drink and a fantastic presentation! My wife ordered the Crisp Wedge of Iceberg as an appetizer, which came out pretty quickly and was delicious! Then it started to go downhill....

About 45 minutes or so go by and we noticed that we still hadn't received our entrees yet people around us who were seated after us were starting to get theirs. Then a food runner comes out to us to deliver us a second Crisp Wedge of Iceberg salad. We were like, thanks, but we've already had ours. At that point, I thought oh boy, I bet they haven't even started our entrees yet. It was close to another 30 mins before our steaks came out and my side but not hers. My filet was to have the Maytag Blue Cheese Crust, which is clearly did not. So back to the kitchen it went and I was just left with my side of Black Truffle Mac & Cheese. As I didn't want it to get cold, I proceeded to eat that. Unfortunately, I finished my side before my filet came back and my wife's side never came out until AFTER she finished her steak. While the food was excellent, we would have liked to have eaten our entrees together along with our sides. This was around the point the manager came over and apologized and offered to "make it right". We both ordered dessert. I had the Baked Alaska, which was HUGE but good. My wife just had sorbet, which was also a very large portion. 

I would return to give them another try as we did really enjoy the food and drinks. Hopefully the server would be much better. Something was going on that night as others around us were having some issues as well, but ours seemed to be the worst.
I love trying new restaurants during Restaurant Week, we went for lunch and enjoyed a lovely time and amazing meal. 

The hostess was very friendly and welcoming but the waiter, on the other hand, was unfriendly and inattentive. The two of us were admiring the glamorous and elegant decor while waiting for our appetizer. our waiter seemed to be overwhelmed tending to other tables. We were irritated when we saw one or two more parties received their appetizers before us- and they were seated after us.  We've even had to ask our waiter if he happened to forget about our appetizers. 

Finally I got my Lobster Bisque, it was full of flavor and the consistency was just right. PASS! 
A plate of rich marinated Teriyaki Salmon fillet in soy butter sauce, served over shiitake sticky rice did impress me. It was made in the proper temp and the smell was truly absolutely divine. YUM! At that point, we were too full, still I will never opt to skip on dessert, so we decided to take home our carrot cake. An incredibly moist, luscious and beautiful five layers carrot cake , with rich cream cheese frosting turned my lunch into a celebration. The cake was a bit too sweet for my taste but the sweet and acidic pineapple sauce did compliment the cake and balance out the sweetness.

I will go back again for the unique ambiance and the excellent food, hoping the service can take it to the next level since it seems hit or miss.

Four Yelps!
Dined here for NYE, I have to say that I was pleasantly surprised that they were offering an 11:00 PM reservation. 
As I stated this is my favorite restaurant in Philly. Aesthetically it is breath taking, very pleasing to the eye you will literally notice something different every time BUT I have to say my last 2 visits here have been slightly disappointing.
For the purpose of this review I will simply focus on NYE. There is a row of seating that faces either the kitchen galley or the main dining room. Not my favorite seat in the restaurant at all, of course the last two visits this is where we were seated. I'm always curious but haven't asked about the upstairs seating. The searing upstairs appears to be lovely as you can view the entire downstairs and there is a sheer curtain of some type that creates mystery. 
My disappointment this time came with our waiter and my food. Pet peeve is not introducing yourself and just talking. I would like to know who I'm talking to & who Tao ask for when I need additional assistance. So no introduction was given. I ordered Caesar salad & crab cakes which cake with Brussels sprouts, corn tomatoes & fingerling potatoes with mustard cream. My companion ordered my favorite the red snapper, Parmesan truffle fries, broccoli & cauliflower and sautéed spinach because they were out of another request. 
My crab cake was disappointing. I ate one. It was over cooked very crunchy on the outside. A lot of filler not sure what was going on. The potatoes underneath lacked flavor. I did enjoy my salad although it was over dressed the greens remained firm. The Brussels & cauliflower were amazing I could have eaten the whole serving they were cooked to perfection. Fries were ok nothing exciting . For dessert we both ordered the butter cake which has NEVER disappointed. I was sad I couldn't finish it. 
Our waiter wasn't attentive at all. The restaurant wasn't busy. It appeared to be a regular night. They gave complimentary champagne for toasting at midnight which i thought was a nice touch BUT provided no countdown or HNY dramatics. We relied on our cell phones, other patrons and the TV at the bar that displayed the NYC ball drop... whomp whomp. 
I still love this restaurant I just think I should stick with the entree I enjoy and request a better seat. Still a must do when dining in Philadelphia.
Seriously worst service ever.  I don't understand why my friends keep going back here for another night sitting around their bar area.  From waiting 2 rounds of drinks of the table nextvto us to get our first drink order in to the 5 + min wait to get silverware while your food gets cold, to the total disappointment in the taste (or lack thereof) the food, other than its physical location, I can't see any reason for anyone to ever dine  here!

If you're going to have to meet people here, be sure to eat first and be prepare to wait for your drinks!
Wife brought me here for my 30th birthday. We did do the valet for $21 that is a little pricy for a 2hr or less dinner but parking garage next door is actually more expensive. She made reservations so we were seated right away. The interior even though it looked kind of small was very nice. With a touch of Christmas decorations which I loved. Warm bread & already soft butter (hate trying to spread cold butter it doesn't work) was given to us. Our waitress was veryy nice and attentive she earned her tip! We both got the Sundays surf & turf $55 deal which includes soup or salad. 8oz filet with choice of seafood (we got crab cakes) & a choice of a side. 

We were given a dessert menu so I can pick out which one I wanted & it was free because it was my birthday that was pretty cool 

Food was very tasty I will definitely come back to try other things on the menu
Yes, it's a chain, but...
Apparently the corporate office allows a lot of leeway to the executive chefs and management.  It doesn't feel like a chain, only if you know exactly what to look for.

Food is great, had oysters and a shellfish cobb salad, which I could probably eat twice a week for months on end.
Service was very good.  Friendly, fast, good attention to detail in busing/re-setting the table, very professional.  One suggestion (and this is not a criticism, just hoping to improve your fine establishment):  Better bar training of the waitstaff.  I'm particular about my Martinis.  I'd like to know the full selection of gins, our server wasn't familiar with them.  I was very specific in requesting it stirred (I asked twice) and to have our server come to the table and aggressively shake it before pouring it out was disappointing.  Younger people don't necessarily have a lot of familiarity with cocktails, I know, but this is important, and it's a relatively easy way to improve the dining experience.

So, great atmosphere, solid menu, excellent execution, professional staff (hat tip to G.M. Frank Hamm, who stopped by every table, chatted with us about chains with great candor, greeted us on the way in and got our coats on the way out.  That's a hands on G.M.!)
The bartender Jenna is the cutest nicest bartender I've ever met. I would go back solely on her personality and service !
So we decided to come and check out the hype. We went with the Restaurant Week menu, because we're suckers for a deal and added a dozen oysters for good measure. 

The oysters were good. They tended towards larger and more briny than I prefer - but hey East Coasters will do that. It was weird to me that they didn't name the origins of the oysters when they were dropped off, but once our regular server came around and we asked he filled us in. 

Our server was good, but there was quite a lapse in time between courses. 

We both ordered the lobster bisque and maybe it's that I was just at a restaurant that poured a sauce over my meal and a broth over my hubsand's - but I'm already sick of this thing where the server pours out the soup/sauce/broth at the table. Anyway, the bisque itself was tasty but very rich. Could have used more lobster meat and corn and less rich cream broth, but neither here nor there. 

My husband ordered steak (8oz filet) and I went with the crab cakes. Both meals were over seasoned.  Also, weird to me that a restaurant would brag about their corn fed beef, it's cheaper than grass finished, and less tasty. Anyway, the steak was cooked properly and tasted ok, but was over seasoned. Finished with plain ol' not anything special mashed potatoes and blanched plain green beans. Basically it was what you might expect from a wedding banquet. 

My crabcakes were ok. Also overseasoned, bound with mayo, and served atop a corn salad and cream sauce. After the bisque I needed a break from the rich and this was not the smartest choice.  I'm not one to complain about things being too salty, but this was too salty. 


We took our carrot cakes to go. I haven't had mine but my husband reports his was "delicious."

The restauant itself was lovely, service was great, just not interested in going back.
Ocean Prime was our pick for the 8th night of Restaurant Week, and I honestly had no idea what to expect. It is listed as a great romantic option on the Restaurant Week website, and my boyfriend has been hearing great things about it for quite some time. It has moved right into our number 1 spot...we still have 5 more nights of Restaurant Week to go, but I can't imagine any other place outshining our experience here.

We were seated right on time for our 7:00pm reservation, and were taken upstairs to one of the booths along the wall. Since it was meant to seat 4, we had lots of space and were able to people watch and get a good view of the downstairs level as well. The decor is very dark and warm- they've somehow managed to pull off feeling industrial (think bank vault) and romantic at the same time.

Lily was our server, and she was so friendly and helpful. It seems like most restaurants have had salmon for their non-meat option, and I was feeling a bit salmoned-out, but she told me that she thought it would be worth my while. I chose the caesar salad, the teriyaki salmon w/ sticky rice and veggies, and the pomegranate & chocolate chunk ice cream. My boyfriend chose the salad, the filet mignon w/ mashed potatoes and green beans, and the carrot cake. He also ordered a crab cake off of the regular menu. I had the rum punch, which was not as tropical tasting as I'm used, but delicious nonetheless.

The food and the service were absolutely excellent. The salmon just melts in your mouth, and all of the flavors & textures went well together. My boyfriend enjoyed his meal very much as well. He said that the crab cake was chock full of crab meat and the steak was cooked perfectly according to his request. The ice cream and the cake were both delicious.

I feel like this has been the one of the best Restaurant Week deals in terms of what you get for the cost. Restaurant Week is such a great way to try a ton of fabulous restaurants around the city, and we both agreed that this is one of the places that we would absolutely love to return to!
FIY: Selected bottles of wine that are under $99 are half off every Monday!

Restaurant Week comin' in clutch again.
But really though, my boyfriend and I only ever eat in these upscale restaurants when it's Restaurant Week in Philly. We check out the dinner menus ahead of time, pick from the ones we like, then make the reservation. But this time around, we went straight for Ocean Prime because I've been eyeing their menu for the longest time.

WHAT I GOT: (First course) Lobster bisque with a corn fritter (Second course) Teriyaki salmon on top of sticky rice and soy butter sauce (Third course) Raspberry sorbet

PROS: Holy moly. This whole experience was luxurious and amazing. Our waiter was the friendliest person I've ever met, with an incredible sense of humor and a sassy flair. He check in on us frequently and displayed impeccable manners. The wine I got, per his recommendation, was probably the best I've ever had. At $12 a glass, it is on the pricey end but you definitely get what you paid for. As expected, the ambiance screamed "upscale". Like I would've felt so out of place if I wasn't dressed properly. Their bread was insanely delicious. I think it was sourdough, but I could be wrong. It's freshly baked as it reaches your table, with the butter sitting on the side. The two of them together is magic. My lobster bisque's texture was right on point, with the flavor even more on point with every spoonful. Though I have to say, the corn fritter was a bit unnecessary. The highlight of the night was definitely the teriyaki salmon. Oh my gosh, it was incredible. Cooked to a medium/medium well, the salmon sat in between a loose pile of assorted veggies and a bed of sticky, white rice. The soy butter sauce pooled around the rice so if you worked your fork down the pile, you got a bit of everything in a single bite. That soy butter sauce. Lord knows if I could pack it up and take it home, I would put it on everything. Portion size was spot on as well. The sorbet at the end, compared to everything else, definitely fell a little flat but it was a good way to end the night. 

CONS: Absolutely nothing. Usually at some places during Restaurant Week, their food won't be as good as usual since you're only paying $35 for the entire 3 course meal. But Ocean Prime delivered in every aspect despite the cost difference.
Subprime for the price and service. Yes, I ordered the chicken, but at about $30, I expect delicious well cooked chicken. It was very salty and overcooked, skimpy portion  accompanied by the most pathetic soggy vegetable mess.  The rest of my table was unimpressed with their $40 entrées. 

Also, the service was inconsistent. The waiter was friendly at first, but then hovered at the end of the meal. He even tried to clear the silverware while we were still sitting there enjoying our coffee.   For a party of six that spent over $400, he could let us sit there for a while.

And don't get me started on the pretentiousness.  Overly gaudy environ, and waiter was so proud to tell us the fish was flown in today from Alaska.  Too bad they did not cook it well.

As you know, when I don't like a place, I will suggest an alternative.  For better prepared, cheaper meats and fish in a much less gaudy and more welcoming atmosphere, try Twenty Manning on 20th btwn Locust and Spruce.
Absolutely delicious! This is probably the fanciest restaurant I've ever been to and it exceeded my expectations for food! It tasted amazing! If I could give this 100 stars I would! It's probably the best sushi I've eaten in my life! Super fresh and flavorful. The ambiance and service is wonderful as well. The price is a little crazy but that's expected for this type of restaurant, can't complain! 10/10 would come back!
Ocean prime was one of the highlights of our trip to Philly. Beautiful decor, high ceilings, modern upscale design, great bar. Lively scene, food and drinks were excellent, similar to my experience at the one in Tampa. I'm a bit boring when I go to steak places as I always get the filet, medium rare and a side of mushrooms. Went with my kids and their seafood entrees were also delicious. What I really liked about it was that the restaurant struck a nice balance: it was lively enough for adults, a cool date spot, and it was also good to be there with my kids, as it wasn't too loud or too crowded. Really enjoyed it. If you're in Philly, check it out. Enjoy.
We were very pleased to get a lovely booth when we arrived. Our server was excellent and the food terrific. The restaurant is very attractive and inviting. However, the restaurant is SO NOISY that we had difficulty conversing and enjoying our meal. There was loud rock like music on the sound system which does not go with such a fine restaurant. In addition there were large groups nearby that added to the noise. It is unfortunate and we would never return. The Prices are VERY high. It is just not worth it.
This was my first visit to Ocean Prime. We went to this restaurant before seeing Miss Saigon. We had a reservation. When we arrived we were greeted and seated immediately. We were taken to the 2nd floor and seated. We ordered ordered off the Theatre Dinner. 
I ordered the Berry and Bubbles drink- it was delicious (I would ordered this drink again). For my  appetizer I ordered the white truffle caviar deviled eggs ( it was creamy and tasted so good), then my main course - sea scallops (both the scallops and risotto were cooked to perfection) and for dessert I had creme brulee (very nice sized dessert with caramelized sugar top with berries). I enjoyed my meal completely. The 3 other people in our group also enjoyed their meals. The restaurant was well lit with beautiful light fixtures. Our server was very professional and pleasant - her name was Naiomi. 
before leaving, I went to the bathroom. The bathroom was very clean and well maintained.  
I would return to this restaurant again. Positive experience all around.
Service: 5/5. Our waitress was amazing and checked up on us frequently. We got complimentary desserts as my friend and I went in celebration for graduating! 

Ambiance: 5/5. Really fancy and nice; the dark lighting does make it hard to take pictures of the food, but the vibe is definitely appreciated!

Food: 5/5! We really liked all the food that we got. The steak tartare was SO good! We thought it was more flavorful than the tuna tartare. I got the 8oz filet mignon with a lobster tail on the side, both of which were perfectly seasoned. All the meats we got (24oz bone-in ribeye & the 12oz NY Strip) were perfectly cooked to our preference and were really soft. I know many nice restaurants in the city put waaay too much salt on their meat and I am just begging for more water and sides, but Ocean Prime did a really good job of finding that balance! 
I absolutely loved the asparagus + hollandaise as the side, as well as the creamy mashed potatoes and the cheesy potato tater tots! The tater tots had really good texture, but it was definitely heavy so you probably wouldn't want to eat too much to enjoy the rest of the dishes. 
The sides are definitely bigger portioned, so it is recommended that you share them with the rest of your party. 
Their famous cocktail is Berries & Bubbles, which is a super, insta-worthy drink that also tastes good! It is a fruity cocktail with dry ice smoke and bubbles, and the server will pour the drink for you to watch it come into action. I saw that many other tables also got the drink, so I definitely recommend it! 

Would definitely love to come back!
My favorite restaurant! Yum pum pum! The salmon is my favorite! The desert is also awesome! I cannot wait to visit you guys again :)
The middle of the menu offers a list of cuts that can be customized using the "Accessories" list (e.g., "Blue Cheese Crust" or "Truffle Butter").  The right side of the menu lists more than a handful of potato-based accompaniments, plus a good selection of vegetable and other sides, like Truffled Mac and Cheese.  The left side contains classic appetizers, plus some new ones, like Truffled Deviled Eggs.  Happy Hour Menu has more snacky eats, like Truffled Garlic Fries.  You'll find seafood on this menu too, but mostly just classics.  Most expensive is Chilean Sea Bass at $43 a pop.

Wine list is adequate, plus a Captain's list with more pricey "rare" selections.  No Sommelier, but wait staff claims to be knowledgeable.  Bar is first-name friendly, so you can impress your guests by calling out their names.

Food was acceptable, selections on par with Del Frisco's.  GM traveled to each table, ensuring satisfaction.

Great stop for business lunch or dinner, or to impress that gold-digging girlfriend whose palate extends to a big, juicy steak or piece of fish.  Some creativity at the bar with a Black Orchid containing an ice cube with an actual orchid frozen into it.  Happy Hour price for this drink was $7.00.

Consumed:

Crab cake - large, mostly crab, with a pan-fried crust abed a delicate hollandaise sauce.  Delicious!

Seafood salad - chunks of crab, shrimp and (i think) scallops.  Eh, this was so-so.  It's basically seafood on top of ice berg lettuce - or was that romaine?  Skip it and get the crab cocktail - or share the seafood tower.

Lobster bisque - okay, nothing special.

Oysters - 3 east coast and 3 west coast.   Oysters from the west coast smelled of "pier" and were sent back.  They were immediately replaced with a complimentary crab cocktail and a chef's visit.  Kudos for the service.

Truffled Mac and Cheese - OMG, this is the bestest mac and cheese I've ever had.  A bit strong at first, but then became craveable after the 3rd bite.  I need more of this.

Chilean Sea Bass - at $43, this was the most expensive dish on the menu.  It arrived with a sauce that showed signs of a cooling, having that tell-tale dairy-based "skin".  Fish was perfectly cooked atop a bed of tasty whipped potatoes, sprinkled with capers and slivers of carrot and some other green vegetable - haricot vert?  Sauce was bland.  Mixed with bites of truffled mac and cheese, the dish became better.  A soy-ginger glaze is really the best preparation for this fish, people, c'mon.

Petite, 7oz filet mignon - I was unable to get a review on this, as my dining partner couldn't stop eating it long enough to comment.  I assume it was good...

Key lime tart - arrived with vertical ribbons of white chocolate shooting out of the top.  Zesty lime flavors, creme fresh and graham crust.  Good.  White chocolate was missing that rich white chocolate flavor (more waxey).  Tasted like that off-brand, white chocolate bunny your parents try to give you on Easter.
Phenomenal Food Experience! From the time we walked in the door until our exit, the customer service and all around atmosphere was everything. Our waiter Nick was awesome... so friendly, attentive and knowledgeable. I couldn't decide between the scallops or the filet and he decided for me. The smoking martinis were great also. Glad Our group chose the car service route.  Downtown traffic Was a MONSTER!!! But I'll be back for sure!
Our service was incredible, most of our food was quite good and the restaurant itself is beautiful... but I felt the food was far too overpriced. I was not blown away with the menu, and do not have any interest in returning.

We made a reservation for 7pm on a Friday and I arrived a bit early so I waited at the bar. The bar was totally full, but I was acknowledged and served quickly. They even offered to pull up a barstool for me.

When we were seated, our waiter was incredibly friendly, knowledgeable and attentive. We were served quickly and were well taken care of. But something about the atmosphere of the restaurant just did not work for me- perhaps it was because the restaurant was surprisingly empty, or maybe it was the dry ice steaming out of the shrimp cocktails (very tacky in my opinion).

We ordered half a dozen oysters to start, which were great. The warm table bread and butter was also good. For dinner I ordered the halibut, and my fiancé ordered the filet. We also ordered two sides to share- the creamed spinach and Brussels sprouts (both half sizes). My fiancé's filet was cooked perfectly and probably the best steak either of us have ever had. The sides were delicious as well, particularly the creamed spinach (which had bacon in it).

My halibut however, was somewhat disappointing. It was a good portion and was cooked well, but the fish had a random glob of marinara/pasta sauce on top, which was not mentioned on the menu and was very unnecessary. The plate was also covered in a bland, thick, cream-like sauce, and the "lobster raviolis" on the side were tiny cream-cheese filled dumplings (similar to mushy crab Rangoon from takeout Chinese).

I did appreciate that I received a complimentary dessert for my birthday. I went with the 10 layer carrot cake, which was decent. The overly sweet pineapple sauce was definitely overkill, though. 

Bottom line, there was nothing terribly wrong with our food or service. I just did not feel that my experience matched the amount on our bill. I will not be returning, sorry Ocean Prime!
WOW! From start to finish this meal was delectable. We began with drinks. My dining partners opted for red wine and a club & tequila, but I chose the drinks on the cocktail menu. Both drinks were incredible. One was a mix of muddled orange and chocolate bitters. The after taste of chocolate was smooth and the orange was refreshing. The other drink was served with dry ice for a smoking and bubbling effect - Berries & Bubbles. It was a must-try and will be my first choice when I go back again. For an appetizer we shared the seafood tower which was plenty for three, and could have been our meal. We were left with enough to take home! For dinner, steak was a must. You can't go wrong with the filet paired with truffle butter or any of their incredible accessories. Unfortunately, we were too stuffed to try dessert, but I have no doubt it would be just as outstanding as the rest of our meal.
The ambience and hospitality of the staff was top-notch. The food was great for the most part, just overpriced for what it's worth. 

For starters, my BF & I shared the Shellfish "Cobb" Salad and the Jumbo Lump Crab Cake. The salad was a bit salty, but flavorful and refreshing to eat. The Jumbo Lump Crab Cake was delicious, but the texture wasn't right. It would fall apart easily as you try to eat it with a fork. 

For our entrees, my BF ordered the Chilean Sea Bass and I had the 16oz Ribeye with black truffle butter. The Chilean Sea Bass was simple and delicious as expected. The 16oz Ribeye on the other hand...was mouthwatering. It was cooked to my desired temperature, which was medium, and was the only dish that really impressed me. Each bite hit home for me and boy did that black truffle butter pair well with it. MMMmmm! 

We also ordered a couple sides: Black Truffle Mac & Cheese and Roasted Brussel Sprouts. The mac & cheese was not cheesy enough, but it tasted alright. The brussel sprouts were overcooked and a bit burnt. Not impressed.

Our server was awesome and took great care of us. He treated my BF & I to dessert on the house for my birthday. We decided on the creme brulee, which is one of my favorite desserts. Unfortunately, the sugar on top was over-caramelized, so it wasn't enjoyable to eat.

All in all, a great experience in terms of service and food, although I was not blown away. Not sure when I'll return, but it's definitely a decent place for special occasions.
My boyfriend and I went to this restaurant during Restaurant Week. I made reservations online and they were confirmed. It seems like there are a number of people that have trouble with their reservation which was troubling but I didn't. When we got there we waited for about 3 minutes and we were seated in a room with 5 separate table. 

There's an upstairs and downstairs seating and if you can get a seat upstairs overlooking the rest of the restaurant I'm sure that would be a great view but other than that it was just a very classic look. 

SERVICE
As mentioned I was in a room with 5 other table and there was always someone there filling up water or clearing the table as expect so check! The waiter did he job. There was nothing outstanding. I'm not saying he wasn't professional he did his job well. He was prompt and attentive and as soon as we received each dish he always checked to see if we enjoyed it. 

WINE
They have a great deal on bottles. Normally if a restaurant has CCD special on wine it's by the glass for $9-$10 for about 5oz. I think our bottle was 750 mL=25.36 fluid ounces so in theory that would cost $45-$50 before tax but instead you get that for $35 so that's $7 a glass! 

FOOD
Bread Basket : the bread loaf was blazing hot. So much steam came out as soon as you broke it. There were two types. I think a sourdough and a pretzel. The pretzel was my favorite it was very soft and you can slightly taste the butter. My BF thought there was a filling inside but I think it may have been a little under cooked but still good. 

Caesar Salad: was normal portion every leaf was coated. They had tiny tiny crunch croutons. The leaves look fresh. 

Point Judith Calamari : SUPER FREAKING START! Perfectly cook rings. It wasn't chewy or tough. All of the rings evenly breaded and the sauce they put on there wasn't evenly coated BUT I think that was a good thing. It was just right. Each ring had just enough! The veggies on top was fresh a crunchy! 10/10! 

Filet Mignon : it was medium rare and came with crunch string beans smooth mash potatoes. I also included a picture of the inside. It looked a little weird to me but my BF said it was still delicious. It looked different from the one he had at another restaurant. I'm not sure why. 

Teriyaki Salmon : nice piece of fish. Thank you so much for removing the fat! It's usually such an intense flavor. It had a nice color and was fried well. It had a cut of sticky rice below and both sat on top of the teriyaki sauce. I personally think the "pool" of sauce was overkill. I would have preferred to have a slight drizzle. It's not because it was too salty or sweet it was good but after a while it became too much. The rice soaked it up. 

Side note... both of my dishes seemed to be Asian inspired. 

Lobster Mashed Potatoes : WOW!!! Wow wow wow! They were extremely generous with the lobster chunks. It looked like they cut up a 1lb lobster and put it in there! I know you see those huge pieces in the picture! The mashed potatoes were creamy and smooth. Just flawless. It also had fresh scallions on top which added a tough of color to the dish. Look, just get it. Period. 

Ice Cream : this is a Chef seasonal selection and it seems like he selected some type of coffee flavor. It wasn't a soft scoop but it was pretty solid! This means you can take your time and enjoy it. 

Carrot Cake : I got this because people were talking about it. It's good. A little too sweet but still good. By the time I got to this I was extremely full so I took my time to eat this.
Sigh. I really wanted to enjoy my time here with Ocean Prime in Philly.  I used to frequent the one in Atlanta but it has since shut down.  We arrived and the host had the worst attitude I have ever seen a host have. He was extremely pretentious and super rude. He ruined our surprise cake we had for our friend's birthday as we checked in for our reservations. It could have definitely been an honest mistake but instead of saying "oh sorry" or "oops", he replied with "it doesn't say surprise anywhere you should have told us that it was a surprise we can't mind read." He then went on to just stare at us. I asked the young lady that seated us was he always like that she said your server will be much cooler. So obviously he is. It was all really strange I'm not used to people treating their patrons that way. I spoke to the manager (Jared?) about what happened, he apologized but when asked for the host's name, he replied with "does that even matter?", which I felt was extremely rude. I didn't make a big deal because I wanted my best friend to continue having a great birthday. The reason for one of the stars is because our server Scott was amazing. It was pretty busy in there and we waited quite awhile for food, but his personality and attentiveness to each of us was superb. The second star was because of the food. It was delish! I really hope they get their customer service together, it really put a huge damper to the beginning of our evening, especially for her birthday.
We had the pre theater  special $44.

Fantastic high class meal was out of this world and a great bargain.

The filet was fantastix.  Melts like butter.

Lobster bisque simply Devine

And the deserts great too.

TOTAL WINNER FOR SURE.  

GREAT JOB
Food was delicious but our overall experience was disappointing. We had to wait 45 minutes upon our arrival for our table- even though we made reservations!! We requested a booth, they sat us a table. We were never offered bread. 

At the conclusion of our night we were left waiting 40 minutes for our car to be retrieved from valet. They locked us out! Lucky for us, the valet knocked on the door and someone graciously let us in the wait for our car. I won't be going back!
Great happy hour with half price apps and a $5 melon-tini (super yum). I also love their calamari which is conveniently on the half prize assortment. Service was great, our waiter offered us another round just minutes before the special ended, a rare and most appreciated opposite of the up-sell.

Cool vibe, sit upstairs in the booths if you get the chance.
This is a no! It's not even a patch on butcher and singer and not even in the same league as Barclay Prime and yet the prices are. The dining room is an attack on the senses. Awful decor, reminiscent of what was thought to be impressive in the early noughties but is now just a little cringey and faux fancy. Upon entering you're faced with about 6 Lycra clad women who all fight to greet you and yet you're still left standing there in confusion whilst they work it out. Tables/ chairs are comfortable. Cocktails are meh. Waitress was helpful and friendly however bizarrely offered us her card when leaving so we could ask for her if booking for special occasions and would like "confetti or rose petals on the table upon arrival". Say wha? The sides were dismal, the steaks were similar to what I cook at home. For two starters, three steaks, two sides, one bottle of wine and three cocktails was $390 without tip. I'd never dream of returning. Save your money and tastebuds and go to Barclay Prime.
I went here a few weeks ago for an anniversary dinner and I was really impressed. This restaurant  pays great attention to detail and truly delivers a 5 star experience. 

Me and my date split oysters and a lobster for starters, steak with two sides for dinner (the sides are big enough to share), and a butter cake for desert. All the food was delicious, which was pleasantly surprising to me because I often feel like food that isn't steak from a steak house is sort of an after thought. 


Our server Eddie and server assistant Brandon were both knowledgeable, friendly and extremely helpful with recommendations. 

Overall, a great place for a special occasion or even happy hour with your co-workers (great cocktails).
Met a friend here for happy hour recently. Drinks were decent and so were the appetizers. I would like to see them offer less fried apps with healthier options and perhaps more specialty cocktails in smaller glasses.
This was my first visit but I will most definitely be coming back.  I had never been here before and so I decided to give this spot a shot since it was restaurant week.  Boy, did I pick the right spot.  Initially, I chose this place as I had walked by it a bunch and knew it was a fancy joint.  Their menu for the citywide event was also a very good one offering a good selection of different entrees and was significantly better than other restaurants of the same caliber.  

To start off, they gave me a basket with a loaf of bread and whipped butter.  This is the perfect way to start off any meal.  What I liked so much about it was the bread was fresh baked and came out hot.  if you are going to give bread, it should be hot so it can melt the butter.  They gave no disappointment here.  And when it comes to butter, whipped is definitely the type of have. 

I ordered the special salad (pecans, goat cheese, and greens) as the 1st course - very good salad. 

The star of the show was the entree - a filet mignon.  Normally, the piece would have been $40 in itself.  So I knew this was going to be a good value.  I did not expect it to be the best filet mignon I have ever had!  I've had this type of steak at multiple top-end steak houses.  This cut was perfectly season AND seared.  The sear if very important in such a cut.  the Au Jus sauce perfectly complemented the piece.  What was surprising about it was the size of the steak.  I think it was an 8 oz but it was a very good size indeed and presented a phenomenal value and quality for $20 three-course meal!   I ordered it in a medium, and the it was cooked perfectly!   

For dessert, it was a raspberry sorbet.   Nothing special but a good portion and good quality!

The decor of the venue is definitely dressy.  For lunch, it does not matter but I suspect for dinner they may be more discerning.  To remind you of this, there is a sign at the entrance stating that proper dress and conduct is expected for a good experience.  I came in a knit polo shirt and khaki shorts (the golf course look) but i was no different than the others in there at the same time who were either on lunch break or just others stopping in for a meal.  

The place is a good spot or a date or a celebration of some sort.  I like the spot and how they have valet available.  There is also a garage directly across the street on Moravian so driving will not be an issue for you here.

Of all the venues I have ever sampled on restaurant week, this takes the top spot for sure!
I love small mom and pop restaurants but this is my favorite big one! I have been here plenty of times but this time on Valentine's Day it was special! I had my daughters and my husband with me... and even on a holiday the atmosphere didn't feel crowded and we didn't feel rushed!! Our server Rashaad was AMAZING.. always checked on us... didn't write anything down (impressed).. didn't talk our ears off  .. made sure we were happy! Got our car ready for us from Valet.. Best service all the way around.. this really makes a place so much better.. no matter how good the food is service is the most important to me !!
I enjoyed my dinner at Ocean Prime. The service was awesome. I started my meal with the calamari and seafood salad. The calamari was the best calamari I've ever had in my life. I was very disappointed with the seafood salad. For $20 it was very bland and tasteless. I had the surf and turf for my entree. My steak was a little over cooked, as I had asked for medium. My lobster was mouth watering and melted in my mouth. The potato cake and spinach on the plate isn't anything to write home about. Over all my experience at Ocean Prime was nice.
Had a really great experience here. Went with my boyfriend a few days after Valentine's Day to celebrate our anniversary and wow. The food was delicious. He got the 15oz Rib Eye Steak w/ Broccoli & Cauliflower Side. I got the Crab Cake Entree with Lobster Mac and cheese. We shared the Surf and Turf appetizer. Our server (Maverick) was very attentive and made excellent recommendations. Our desert (the butter cake) was comp'd for our anniversary :-). All in all we had a great time and will definitely be back. 

Sidenote: Use their Valet Parking - the lot next to them was about $10 more depending on how long you will be dining.
I ventured here for restaurant week with some co-workers and I have to say- I can't wait to go back! The space was beautiful and the staff was wonderfully attentive! I'm always hesitant about trying a place during because I hear from my service friends that it's PIA for them but it was probably one of the best services I've had in a while!  We chatted at the bar for while and then finally seated off in an enclosed dining space. The 6 ounce filet was presented beautifully and the portion was delicious. I'm going to be picky and say that I wanted my steak a 'cool' rare but it arrived to the table as a warm rare- not the end of the world but I thought a steak house would have gotten it right! 
Our server Jason was very attentive and knew when to check on and when to give us time to chat Kingston ourselves! My co-worker got the salmon and it was a piece of art! I really want to come back  and try their Sunday brunch- there are so many choices on the menu- I can't wait to try them out!
Went with high expectations but in the end was left disappointed. For the price this place was a huge letdown. Upon arriving it took forever to find and bring us a gluten free menu. My steak I ordered was severely undercooked, I actually gagged it was so nasty. They offered to cook it some more but the experience was ruined. We ordered a soda that came almost at the end of dinner. The only good thing was the seafood tower but considering it was 70$ it wasn't anything special. Overall this place just wasn't worth it.
This by far is one of the worst experiences ever. The steak was ordered medium well and broght out extremely well done. It was barely able to be eaten! The crab legs could have been better as well. The taste wasn't as fresh as the one in dc. The food took extremely long to come out as well. A lot of money was spent here amongst 4 people  and it seemed like a huge waste of money. The food was extremely subpar. 

Wouldn't recommend coming to ocean prime at all. There are much better options in the city. The service also was very subpar as well. When returning to Philly I'll be sure to give some other places a try.
What's not to love about Ocean Prime. It's absolutely fantastic here. 

We were seated us 30 minutes early. Our reservation was for 6pm and the hostess said they already had the table ready for us. 

Our waitress' name was Abbey. She was wonderful. Such a sweetie. She explained some things about the menu and asked us what we wanted to drink. I got the Berries & Bubbly cocktail. It was like a science experiment. They use dry ice and it fizzes and gets smokey. Pretty neat! I can't say I've ever had a drink like that before. They bring out a basket of complimentary sourdough bread and butter and a soft pretzel bread was also thrown in there. The pretzel was my favorite.

For an appetizer, we ordered Sonoma goat cheese ravioli. It was creamy and literally melts in your mouth. I wish they offered it as a bigger portion for an entree because I'd totally get it. 

My entree was the Ahi Tuna and my boyfriend ordered the Teriyaki Salmon. Both were cooked just right. My tuna came with a salad. The sides at Ocean Prime are meant to be shared so we ordered roasted garlic mashed potatoes for both of us. Not too garlicky, not too bland, it was awesome. 

Dessert was hard to choose because they had a great variety. Abbey suggested their warm butter cake so that's what we went with. She came over 2 minutes later to tell us they were out of it. Sad pandas :-( 
We opted for the cheesecake though which was just as good. We ordered two espressos to wash it down. 

We were celebrating my boyfriend's birthday tonight so that's why we chose Ocean Prime. With the service we were provided and how delicious the food was, the steep pricing is completely worth it. I recommend this establishment to family and friends. Thank you, Ocean Prime!
First let me start by saying my waiter was amazing! BUT the food... average. Nothing compared to other steak houses I have been to. This is actually on the bottom of my list with Ruth Chris, Barclays, Del Frisco fighting for the top spot. Beautiful place for dinner, love the ambiance!
Celebrated my big bday here 2 weeks ago and boy, did I pick the right place. Not sure if the reason we have a separate, more intimate room bc I put "bday celebration" on my reservation or it was my lucky day, i absolutely loved it and we also had a spectacular and attentive waiter so that adds on to my first time experience.

We started off with east coast oysters; they were fresh & tasty. Lobster bisque was good but I personally didn't like the chalk-like after taste- not that I have tasted chalk before but let's just say it wasn't too pleasing for my palate. We had the surf n turf and baybeeeee when I  say that short rib was moist, it was melts in your mouth.  And oh the scallops were delicious as well. We had some sushi, it was good but nothing out of the ordinary.

Onto the main dishes. The bday girl (me) had the Twin Lobster and pheww juicy, tender, and sweet. Ribeye was on point on the temperature-redish pink inside and good seasoning. The chilean bass was good and salmon had good flavor but a little dry imo. We ended the night with Creme Brulee- my fav dessert and it was a good finisher, nothing out of the ordinary, but i likes.

Overall, this was the perfect restaurant to celebrate my big day as long as I didnt have to look at the bill ‍
Happy eating!
best steak dinner i've ever had in a restaurant.

we came here for restaurant week and while i've always been a tad hesitant about steakhouse restaurant week menus, ocean prime serves an excellent filet mignon.

i really enjoyed the other components of my meal (a cup of lobster bisque to start and a indulgent slice of carrot cake to close), but the filet mignon was perfectly cooked and i couldn't stop muttering "this is really good" in between bites.
I used to enjoy Ocean Prime a lot and would often dine there weekly.
They have a nice atmosphere and consistently great service but my last two experiences turned me off for good.

First time I called ahead for a small takeout order to save time and I ended up waiting inside for my food for 45 minutes when the restaurant was basically empty and I got my steak ice cold and when I finally got home I realized they forgot the truffle butter I ordered which has a decent upcharge I paid for. I got no apologies which for wasting my time which is so unprofessional.

The last time I dined there the filet mignon was super greasy and tasteless to the point where it seemed to not even have been seasoned with salt at all. The texture of the steak was kind of strange as well and definitely not representative of a quality steakhouse. The side of mushrooms was overly greasy, undercooked, and flavorless and for the prices and for being a place that prides itself on being a steakhouse in Center City this was beyond disappointing. I left with quite literally a bad taste in my mouth.

A restaurant of this caliber such as Ocean Prime should not be having these types of inconsistencies in their food and while our server was fantastic I cannot say I would ever return after paying a $125 tab for two steaks and a side. I was embarrassed having brought a date here and really hyping up the restaurant only to have a completely unenjoyable dinner.
Had an amazing dinner at Ocean Prime. My mom and I were able to enjoy the happy hour specials and tried a variety of appetizers. Our top picks were the calamari and lobster mac and cheese. I wish I could remember our servers name but she was wonderful with helping us choose food and drink options.
A real five star restaurant. Sometime we Yelpers will use the 5 stars for a great pizza place, nice casual burger or our favorite Chinese take out.  No worries, it's all relative. Ocean Prime is the real deal.  Hot towels come after the seafood tower, hey it cost $89 so it's a nice touch.  Service is top notch where your waiter will describe every dish and your water cup never goes empty. Heck, they even put your napkin back in your lap. 

This was our first visit and like most restaurants, going off hours is almost always a great idea.  Good service becomes fantastic service and the kitchen can really focus on your meal.  Five of us dined on the seafood tower, classic wedge salads some of the best seafood we ever had.  Surprisingly, no one had a steak but we did order the a la cart lobster mac and cheese (which was creamy, tangy and delicious 

All five seafood entrees were excellent.  A highlight was the blackened grouper (I think).  Nice and spicy, as I had hoped.  I often find it amusing to read reviews with people complaining things are too spicy.  There is no such thing as good blackened fish, good jambalaya or good entoufee that isn't spicy.

For desserts, we tried baked Alaska, sorbet and creme brûlée, all were served in generous portions and all delicious. 

Highly recommended!
I enjoyed every bit of my dinner at Ocean Prime. Although it's pricey, it's worth every penny. I had the 16oz ribeye cooked medium, it was perfection. I also had a side of parmesan truffle fries, which I wasn't crazy about they were too thick cut for me. I also tasted a friends corn and it was amazing. My cocktail, berries and bubbles was delicious!
Decor is glitzy. Sales pitch delivered by the waitress oversold, and the food underdelivered.  Except for the steaks, everything was extremely SALTY.  On a Sunday night at 9:30PM, the delay in clearing the appetizer plates was dissapointing, and the long wait for our entrees was annoying.
First time at an Ocean Prime location and I was completely blown away! Not only was the food was amazing (we got the calamari, bone-in filet,  teriyaki salmon, jalapeño au gratin and lobster mac and cheese), but the service was incredible. The hostess asked if we were there for a special occasion (it was my birthday) and they decorated our table before we sat down. They also gave us a complimentary amuse bouche and butter cake dessert. Our waiter was knowledgeable and so attentive. Absolutely blown away and incredibly pleased with everything. Beautiful evening!
Ocean Prime is just one of those pricey restaurants where the food is actually worth the  $$$. The ribeye was awesome, seasoned and juicy and tender just dam good. All the sides I had were good and the cocktail I order, Berries and Bubbles was just a cut above the rest. It tastes amazing and the presentation...you gotta try it. I will always end up at Ocean Prime. That's good stuff over there.
Ocean Prime deserves 10 Stars! They blew me away. Our waiter Michael, the Host Justin, and the Manager Ryan are why we will return over and over again. We loved it! Here's why:

Justin, Ryan, & Michael
Impeccable service 
Stunning dining room
Crab cake (one of the best I have ever had)
Chilean Sea Bass (The salmon is very good but this is excellent!)
The prime rib! 
Lobster Mash (worth it!)
Butter cake (you might want to get 2 orders)
Carrot Cake (get one to go) and make sure you savor the lemon sauce

Yes, you can dine at any of the midtown steakhouses/seafood restaurants however it is rare you will receive such service. Perfect for celebrations, date night, or any reason to have a superb dining experience. 

Dress to impress or NYC Chic to dine at this gem on 52nd!

Reservations already made for later this month.
My wife made reservations days ahead to celebrate my 50th birthday with what was intended to be a nice dinner out. We arrived about 10 min. early, and 20 min. later our table was ready. Sat at the table for 15 min. before anyone acknowledged us. At last the server's "assistant" stopped by to supply us with water. Several minutes later the server had still not appeared at our table (though he was attending to the other tables around us), so we decided to get up and leave. Unfortunate for both our party and Ocean Prime, as we were looking forward to a good filet, lobster, crab cakes, etc. At least that was the plan. 

Now I can say in all honesty from experience that the best thing about this place is that Butcher and Singer is around the corner. Good fortune allowed us to miraculously get a table there, and the food, SERVICE, and birthday dinner was fantastic. Would highly recommend spending a few more pennies for a much better experience at Butcher and Singer.
Ambiance was great and our waiter Ryan was all that. Very attentive and informative. Food didn't take forever to come but the lobster and Mac was definitely on the warmer side instead of hot. Other than that it was great I have no complaints. Will definitely be back
Very good food, great drinks and atmosphere. This was my first time at this restaurant. I was celebrating a few family birthdays. 
Our waitress Kathleen Meler made our night extra special. Kathleen provided our party with five star service. She knew all menus and was very attentive to our needs.
We loved her personality and the very special personal touch of love she showed my party.
Keep being you Kathleen!!!! Thank you for the exceptional service!
The service is really impeccable in this restaurant. I had the filet mignon and it was cooked exactly how I wanted it. The ambiance is gorgeous and I highly recommend it. I will definitely be back!
The best Chilean sea bass I've ever had. It was massive, buttery, and over whipped truffle potatoes. Heaven. Did I mention truffle?!? My mouth is salivating as I write this.

The service was great. Wine kept flowing, water glasses kept refilling. Very attentive staff. 

The decor is very high end. It's dark enough for romance, yet casual enough for a business dinner. Ambient lights here and there really set the mood. Swanky.

I ordered the creme brûlée for dessert and ate more of it than I anticipated. Cleaned the plate. And no, I did not share 

My colleagues ordered the key lime pie and that is their signature dessert, and for good reason.  The presentation on that is insane - it comes out like a tower! Wish I had ordered  it if solely for the photo op.

I look forward to coming back and trying their other offerings, but let's be real. BEST Seabass ever?? Why would I get anything different?
Love this place.  Creative dishes and drinks.  Fresh tasting.  Great ambience.  Friendly, knowledgeable, and attentive staff.  Convenient and reasonable valet parking service out front.  Pricier than most places The Missus & I go to; but worth treating ourselves every so often.

A good spot for different occasions, e.g., dressed-up date night or even slightly dressed down to catch a game at the nice bar.  We generally go biz casual.

Decadent, awesome desserts!  The 10-layer carrot cake is my fav.
Extremely pricey food, poor quality. Took my boyfriend for his birthday, on his recommendation (he says it's his favorite in the city) and had one of the most lackluster meals I've ever had for fine dining. The only saving grace was our waitress and the calamari, which was absolutely delicious. Everything on the menu is OUTRAGEOUSLY priced for what you get. $45 for salmon....SALMON.... and not even a huge piece. Even six oysters was $27 and they weren't that fresh. Anything I actually wanted to eat (lobster, steak, seafood) was $50 or above and I wasn't paying that insane price for such a small portion. I guess they pull their lobster out of gold mines.
I ended up getting something from the sushi menu...which I was expecting traditional, rice-rolled sushi. I got sashimi which I didn't order, nor will I eat and was not how it was advertised on their menu. Once I finally got a real sushi roll, the price was $20 for 8 pieces. I also got the ocean club house salad which was probably the only thing I enjoyed.
I'd be fine if I never saw or dined at this place again, but if I did I'd only have the calamari and have an overpriced drink. Don't even waste your time or money at this place.
A group of us decided take our Bestie to Dinner for her Birthday which happened to fall during restaurant week in Philly. We've been doing this for the last 5-6 years. Two of us used the valet service. There was drama with that shady business. The attendant informed two of us that their credit card machine broke "we can take cash". I asked when did your machine brake. He stated it just happened. I almost never carry cash. Red flags all over this. We asked where does one find an atm because we were all from out of town. The guy pointed us to one on the corner. We tried to access the I closed atm but the card reader wouldn't accept either of our cards. We went back to the guy and that's when he said you can cash app me. Red flag! Sounds like a side hustle! We invested so much into meeting up my one friend cashed app's for 2 valets services. What if we didn't have cash app there were no atms near by, it was dark and freezing cold in Center city Philadelphia. For people out of town this could be extremely uncomfortable perhaps scary, and unsafe.

Once we were inside the restaurant we informed the host and hostess. They didn't seem to care and went as far to say that they do not own the valet parking service. We informed that even if you don't own it your Brand is connected to their signage therefore they are representing you. They denied ownership. 

So that we could enjoy our experience we refocused. The venue was beautiful with a modern design concept. The service was excellent. I had the salmon. It was perfectly cooked, great portion, and tasty. I was able to taste the 8oz. Filet Mignon and it was buttery good, fresh and oh so yumful! Then the drinks were bubbly , light yet crisp with a hint of sweet all wrapped into one cut flute glass. I loved everything about this restaurant and experience except for the shady hustler for a parking service that they have representing them. I would have given a 5 but the fact that they take no responsibility for the parking service and their brand/image represented by the parking valet service.
It's excessively expensive and a la cart, just like any high class steakhouse. I like that they also concentrate on seafood. I went for restaurant week and it was phenomenal. One drink each for my date and I and the bill topped $115 even at Restaurant Week prices. Great dining experience though. Superb service even though it was CCRW. 

The steak was absolutely amazing. Melted in your mouth and made you forget where you were sitting. I would equate Ocean Prime with Butcher & Singer, though given my choice of the two I think I would go to B & S...both are amazing
I have been wanting to try this place for awhile & finally had the chance. The only negative about my experience was how slow the service was and there were missing items in my order. Maybe b/c of short staff or Covid but the place was only opened for 4 hours this night. All the food ordered was great and when it did arrive the presentation was perfect. My favorite was the potatoes & the dynamite sushi. A good spot but because of service I will choose another restaurant next time.
Came here for dinner with my husband during restaurant week. We had a reservation and were seated immediately upon arrival. The restaurant has a nice, dark, atmosphere. They were taking good COVID precautions, waiters were wearing masks and face shields. Also, the seating was every other table. They gave us delicious bread to start. We really loved the pretzel bread. For the first course, my husband ordered the caesar salad and I ordered the calamari. He said his  caesar salad was good. The calamari was good quality and a huge portion. FYI, if you're getting the calamari, the sauce it's in is more of an asian flavor. 

I ordered the bubbles and berries cocktail, which was amazing. I really only got it because I wanted to see it bubble, but I loved the taste of it too. My husband had the black orchid cocktail which I tried and was just as good as the one I got. For our entrees, we both had the filet mignon. Both of our filets were cooked perfectly. They came with mashed potatoes and green beans. We also got a side of the lobster mac and cheese (not on the restaurant week menu). The lobster mac and cheese was good, but the one at Flemings is better and a bigger portion. For dessert, we had the ice cream and cookie. The dessert was nothing special but, it was good and we were pretty full at that point anyway. Service was great, our waiter did a great job and all of the courses came out at the perfect times. We really enjoyed Ocean Prime, I would definitely return.
Had a fabulous meal here while visiting. Started with crabmeat cocktail, shrimp cocktail and Alaska king crab legs and white truffle deviled eggs. Everything was excellent but the shrimp were a tad over. Had the sea bass special over lobster risotto which was superb so much lobster and the sea bass was perfection. Husband got the my strip special and said it was incredible. Got a side of smoke Gouda tater tots - holy smokes were those good. Portions were generous! I've never had such a large piece of fish before. Husband got the 10 later carrot cake for dessert and was very pleased and I had a scoop of ice cream which I couldn't finish bc everything else was so good. Service was good really liked the waiter and he manager popped over which is always nice.  Would absolutely come back.
Standard high end steakhouse (and seafood).  However, my biggest concern is the truffle mac and cheese tasting like gas and they didn't remove it from the bill. The level of care and customer service does not match that of other (steak/seafood house) places in the area.
We came here for restaurant week. I feel like food at restaurants aren't as good during restaurant week but it could just be me. I got the following: ($35)

Ocean Prime House Salad- average, lots of apples in the salad
Filet Mignon- medium rare- I was sad that the outside was burnt. The inside was medium rare but when you bit into the steak the burnt outsides kept covering the flavor. It wasn't juicy either and kind of hard to chew. 
Sorbet - lemonade flavor with an almond cookie- not a fan of lemonade so this isn't their fault

The other choices on the restaurant week menu are as follows:
Apps- Caesar salad , Lobster Bisque (my friend got this and I thought it was really good- recommend getting this)
Entrees- Salmon Teriyaki- I had a bite of my friend's plate and it was really tender and flavorful- outside was a bit burnt as well though 
I forget what the other choices were but there were 2 more for entrees.
Dessert- Basset's ice cream and 5 layer carrot cake


Service is wonderful. I think I was just upset about the filet mignon being burnt outside. I might just have to come back during regular times and not at restaurant week.
Great food and great service. I will definitely be back. I had the chopped salad and a twice backed potato that was amazing :D

We sat at the bar and had a server/bartender she was super helpful. I had the vodka infused with pineapple on the rocks! SOO YUMMY! 

WIll be back !!
This is not my typical restaurant choice as a vegetarian that doesn't eat fish and seafood but I dined here for a family member's birthday. 

The restaurant is very upscale with high ceilings and partial upper level.  The padded rounded booth provided extremely comfortable seating. The ambiance was very nice and while fancy, felt cozy.

I had the house salad that was a very generous size and very good. My sides of Brussel sprouts and truffle mac and cheese were tasty as well.  Others chose the surf and turf special which is being offered on Sundays. They thought the filet was extremely good. Dessert choices included creme brûlée and carrot cake.  The carrot cake was delicious!

Service was excellent from the time we were seated to the time we paid.  Someone was always filling your water glass. Timing of food from the kitchen was excellent too.
I came here for Center City SIPS on a whim and I'm glad I did. this is one of the classiest restaurants I've been to in center city and the atmosphere is nothing short of alluring. For an anniversary or other celebration I would highly recommend ocean prime!
We loved this place!  We were staying nearby and were looking for a place that had great meat, fish, and vegetarian options as we are a mixed crew.  We stepped inside very impressed and liked what we saw on the menu, so made reservations.

Our server was excellent, best service we've had in a while, and the food was delicious.  Our steak eater was impressed, our fish eater was mesmerized, and our vegetarians very happy : )  The 10 layer carrot cake was a major hit, and the wine choice was excellent.  It felt quiet and intimate at our upstairs table, even though the large place was packed, not an empty seat at the colorful bar!

We will be back next time we're in town, and if you live there definitely check it out!
One of the best dining experiences I've had in Philly! My date and I did not have reservations (it was a kind of last minute decision), but the staff was very accommodating and even on a Saturday night we were seated within an hour. We spent our time waiting at the bar where the drinks were great (I had the Pear Grapefruit Fizz which came with a delicious slice of Asian pear in it). We had our appetizer (Ahi Tuna Tartare--highly recommend!) at the bar since it was full menu. We also ended up getting the Bubbles and Berries and the Black Orchid at dinner. The Black Orchid was definitely best tasting but Bubbles and Berries get extra points for presentation!

The ambience was perfect for a fancier date and the waitress was very knowledgeable about the menu. We ended up getting the Lobster Bisque and French Onion soups to start and for the entree we had the Salmon Teriyaki and the Chilean Sea Bass both of which were delicious. Highly recommend the sea bass! The truffle sauce on the mashed potatoes was perfect!
Ocean Prime will always hold a special place in my heart! My husband and I went here the night we got engaged. To say Ocean Prime only treated us with five stars, would be an insult. It's more like 10 stars. We were seated right away into a little corner spot of the restaurant that over looked almost everything in the restaurant. When we got to our table it was covered in roses and we were greeted with a glass of champagne w/ berries almost immediately.  

We ordered drinks as well. My husband ordered a Manhattan and I ordered the Berries and Bubbles cocktail. It has dry ice in it so it's a really impressive looking cocktail. For our appetizer we ordered the shrimp cocktail. Easily the freshest shrimp I've ever had! For my entree I ordered the crab cakes and my husband ordered the king salmon. The portion size was fairly big and just overall SO delicious. 

I would say almost everyone came over to our table that night to congratulate us. They really did an amazing job at making us feel appreciated. Our server was so sweet too and went into great detail about everything on the menu for that evening. 

We shared the creme brulee for desert. Just heavenly honestly. I recommend Ocean Prime to anyone especially if you are getting engaged that evening! Endless amounts of thanks to OP.
My husband and I went to dinner at the Philadelphia Ocean Prime with another couple for the first time. The four of us have been dining out  together for years in Philly, New York, Europe, etc. We usually wouldn't go to a restaurant so new, preferring to wait til they work out the kinks, but we decided to take a chance.
 
We were greeted by a bevy of friendly hostesses and sat promptly. The restaurant is beautiful. Dark wood, colored glass accents, and a glass enclosed kitchen create an elegant atmosphere.

Our waiter, Chris was outstanding. Extremely personable and knowledgeable. He recommended and explained their house special cocktails in detail. We all took his advise and had four different drinks. They were all great. My gimlet made with cucumbers was soooo good.

Chris went through the menu items, explaining preparations and making recommendations in every section.  We asked some questions about some of the dishes and ingredients and he had the answers to them all. They all sounded so good that none of us could make up our minds. After much hemming and hawing he suggested we let him put together a tasting menu of what he thought the best dishes were, and what wines would pair best with them. We left it all up to him and I'm glad we did.

All the appetizers, main course and desserts were really, really good. The wines paired perfectly, and he didn't over order for us. (Which I've had happen with other waiters)

A few of the standouts were the tuna tartare,  and a Scallop and braised rib appetizer. The sea bass and a bone in NY strip with black truffles were the main course favorites. The chocolate and peanut butter dessert was divine.

We will be back. This is our newest Philly favorite. Make sure you ask for Chris if you want great service.
My wife and I dined at Ocean Prime last night (Restaurant Week). It was a magnificent experience. The restaurant, formerly Roy's was transformed into a sophisticated, classy environment. The service was impeccable...friendly, informative and efficient without being intrusive. We ordered from the Restaurant Week menu and our three course meals were superb! All portions were full sized and very ample. Unlike some retaurants that reduce the size of their entree portions during Restaurant Week. We will definitely return to this restaurant...sooner than later! It was a real treat!
My stepfather picked this place for a surprise dinner for my mother. I was expecting it to be stuffy and pretentious, but I was pleasantly surprised. First of all, you want Irish Mike to take care of you. He is a first rate South Philly fixer, taking care of your dining details, birthday surprises, et al. The moms was already tipsy on a signature cocktail ($12), and when she told him to bring me the bubbly thing, he brought me not champagne, but a berry tinged concoction that bubbled like a cauldron after being poured over two mini marshmallow sized pieces of dry ice. It was a bit too sweet for my taste but I give it an extra star for sheer theatricality.

I was afraid that as a vegetarian, I would not have the greatest options at a seafood places (which generally assume that we're all pescetarians), but I was entirely mistaken. For starters, I had the goat cheese ravioli, which were surprisingly light, dressed in a pleasant lemony sauce with sundried tomatoes and mushrooms. My entree was the off-menu quinoa cake, with roasted carrots, crispy Brussel sprouts, sautéed zucchini, and tomatoes, topped with some shaved fennel and parsley. The quinoa cake was a bit crispy and the slight char on top indicated it may have been grilled. It had a bit of smokey flavor and was quite delicious. I suspect it may have been mixed with potato or some other starch to bind it a bit. 

The moms and I also had a fantastic Pinot Gris with dinner. She was particularly happy with her scallops because they were able to substitute the peas in the accompanying risotto with asparagus. ("Why do I hate peas? I've always hated peas, right?" she asked, forgetting that my memory only goes back 27 years.) The old man enjoyed his double lobster tail and stuffed/loaded potato as well. Then when Irish Mike informed the moms that her dessert would be on the house, she said, "I hope there's chocolate!" He brought out a triple chocolate mousse galette with a scoop of ice cream, and a tiny candle stuck in a rosette of meringue. I had to help her because she's getting on in years and can't put away a good meal like she used to. 

I highly recommend it for a mixed generation celebratory dining experience, especially if you are being treated by someone else, or you can expense it. Thanks, Irish Mike!
So this is a strange one.... Been here 2 times.  First time I came here for guys night I thought this is a top tier steakhouse in the city.  The atmosphere is awesome, very high ceilings and the bar goes all the way up with really cool lighting and decorations.  The most important part to me personally is service and I absolutely loved it. Our waiter Chris was very friendly, made some great suggestions, and gave us great details about different types of meats, so we can determine which steak each one of us prefers. The drinks were also really good..... The berry martini with the smoke and bubbles is really cool and definitely different..  Chris gave us his card after dinner and welcomed us back.  He even mentioned that he would do his best to be our waiter if we request him
In advance.  If i rated the restaurant after this night, I would of given it 5 stars. However, there was a second time that I came here on a date.  The girl that waited on us was an amateur, she probably waitressed at some diner prior to being here. She wasnt friendly, and was clueless about the menu.  She even screwed up the coffee by bringing us 2 french presses when I told her I want 2 small cups of coffee. Instead of apologizing, she blamed it on me saying I asked for "2 cups", and still charged for both even though we only had one.  This place is still new,  and im sure they will filter thru all the bad servers within the first year.  once the veterans are in place this place will be superb. For now, im going to stick to coming here for happy hour and will save my $100+/person dinners for another place.  I will review this again in 6 months and hopefully my feelings will change.
After reading the review Ocean Prime received from the food critic of the Philadelphia Inquirer, I went into our meal there with very low expectations. I usually take some of what he says with a grain of salt, but he had torn them apart so badly, it almost made me want to try it to see if it really was that bad. Luckily I got a gift card for dinner there for Christmas, so I took my fiance out there one night without having to actually shell out much $, so if it didnt go well, I wouldnt be too upset with it.

Other than the service which I thought definitely needed some work, our meal was excellent. While we did not test the waters of dessert, we did have a delicious appetizer and entrees. Prices are steep dont get me wrong, but its a high end chain steak and fish house, so if you go in expecting not to drop some serious dough, you are expecting too much. Do I think the prices of the fish entrees are fair? Not really, but they werent so high that I would never come back.

We wound up starting with a beer and a lychee martini as well as the tuna tartar. It was not what I have come to know as a traditional beef tartar, but it was delicious nonetheless. It was layered with avocado and drenched in a salty and tangy ginger, ponzu sauce. The tuna was incredibly tender and paired surprisingly well with the creamy avocado.

My entree, a filet of blackened snapper served over a bed of vegetables and a corn tartar, left my nostrils running quite a bit. But the sting of that spice enhanced the flavor of that delicately flaky white fish so well, I devoured each and every bite. I was less impressed with the corn tartar, the texture was very mushy and the sauce just made it more soggy. I could have done with just the fish and the veggies to be honest. 

My fiance ordered the teriyaki salmon with shittake sticky rice and soy butter sauce. The fish and the rice were outstanding. The glaze was sticky and sweet on the exterior of the charred fish and the rice had amazing texture. However again I thought the plate was oversauced and I really didnt think it needed the sauce at all. 

Overall it was a really nice meal and a fancy schmancy place. You will definitely drop some coin, but although the service is a bit spotty and the fish entrees are oversauced, there is still some great food to be had.
The salmon is INSANE! Went for Mother's Day with my boyfriend, and I was sooooo happy with our meal. I've dined at a lot of expensive restaurants, this is deff one of my favs!
I am not sure why I never tried this restaurant until now. It is in my neighborhood and I passed by all the time. Since it is restaurant week so we wanted to try new places we haven't been.  You can't really tell from outside but  the ambiance is very nice inside once you walk in, little bit darker and high ceiling. It's like classic and fancy steak house.
We got the lobster bisque, salad, filet mignon, teriyaki salmon with sticky rice and 5 layered carrot cake. Appetizers were pretty good and I didn't try the meat dish but my husband said it was good. I thought salmon cooked perfectly and well seasoned. Also rice was delicious. As some other reviewer mentioned the carrot cake was good but a bit too sweet. But pineapple sauce does magic :-) 
The service was really really great. They are attentive and very sweet. It was satisfied meal overall.
Just wanted some good food, good drinks and to finish celebrating with the bride & groom last month but instead I've got false info on how my food is prepared, BURNED on my arm,and double charged for my food and also the party was charged for the FREE DESERT THAT WAS OFFERED TO THEM BY OCEAN PRIME. Never in my life had I experience that type of treatment from a business that was totally in the wrong due to negligence of  employees. The celebration came to an end quickly and so did my night. All I was just asking for was a little compassion. First and last dining with them.
Great and delicious food, I loved the ambiance of the place and the workers were welcoming. Will surely return.
Absolutely delicious and outstanding service! Came here with our team of about 10 people and were all impressed with the overall experience. Highly recommend!

DRINKS
I ordered the Berries & Bubbles to start - it was so good and great for a Boomerang. It was smoking for quite some time. I enjoyed a glass of their house cab with dinner.

APPS
Tuna Roll - really good with about 10 pieces so we each had a piece. Very tasty and nicely presented. 
Bread - tried to be good but had to taste both the sour dough and the pretzel bread. Wasn't mad about it.

ENTREES
It was a tough decision but I ended up going with the Chilean Sea Bass because the whipped potatoes and champagne truffle sauce was too good to pass up. I wasn't sure if I'd like the sea bass but I loved everything about this meal! Would definitely order it again. Great serving size of the sea bass too! 

BATHROOMS
So nice and clean with mouthwash and other items.

SERVICE
Our waiter was very attentive and polite. He was a young gentleman but I didn't catch his name - nicely done sir!
