This location of OCF is huge and perfect for a meeting or just a hard core work sesh. The employees are friendly (especially the tall guy with the beard who also had to clean up our unfortunate water spill - sorry again and thank you for being so sweet about it!).  

I ordered some eggs scrambled with veggies, which came with some potatoes and toast. This is exactly the type of healthy but filling breakfast I like to eat and I was happy to see this option on the menu. The menu here is definitely much larger than some of the smaller OCF locations. 

Coffee was great; it's $1 to refill your cup. I can't think of anything I didn't like about my experience so I'm going with five stars for OCF!
When Mugshots moved to a another location in Fairmount (http://www.yelp.com/biz/mugshots-coffeehouse-philadelphia-2) and opened up a Fishtown diner (http://www.yelp.com/biz/mugshot-diner-philadelphia?osq=mughsots), OCF Coffee moved into their original location. For the most part its nearly impossible to figure out what has changed aside from name as a result, but in this case that  is far from a bad thing.

When you move into a well known coffeehouse that's perfect for brunch, makes a perfect smoothie, and features a plethora of vegan and gluten free items; you have a lot to live up to. Especially when OCF wasn't as known for their food at the time. But they made the most of it by sourcing locally sourced ingredients from Green Meadow Farms; and hooking up gluten free breads, bagels, and baked goods.

between fresh fruit smoothies, coffee beans from Square One, and all the espressos and iced caffeinated beverages, OCF delivers the best part of waking up and keeping healthy. And they do it with amicable customer service.
I'm in love. This is everything I've ever wanted in a coffice. Simple industrial decor, open space with plenty of natural light, the perfect balance of background noise, friendly staff, fresh food choices for fuel, and enough outlets around the walls for all electronics. And wifi. 

OCF has optimized space utilization that gives to high productivity. Tables are great for 1 but also work well for 2-4 when pieced together (2 long tables available for a max of 10-12). High ceilings encourage creative works and big-picture thinking (trust me, there's been a study done on this), and the mixture of clinking mugs and steaming espresso makes for the perfect ambient sounds. Plenty of seating even on a busy Sunday afternoon and while most come here alone, there's a surprising feel of community. 

The food/drinks are on the pricier side for a cafe (my breakfast bagel+iced coffee came out to be ~$13 incl. tax and tip), but I'm happy to pay extra for the space. 

Overall, good for: coffee, light meals, studying/working, and casual people watching. The only downside is the temptation to strike up friendly conversations with your interesting neighbors and/or getting lost in your own world while staring out their full-length windows. Cheers!
I've been here several times and have several dishes on the menu. Just like other reviewers have noted, it's a bit pricey especially if you order a beverage + food but the quality is high. 

Dranks
The Nutella Mocha is amazing and an absolute must have for chocolate lovers. The Genmaicha green tea wasn't anything special, and I ended up buying a similar tea at Whole Foods. But I did like the yerba mate, which contains a natural stimulant.

Food
Brunch - The Potato Veggie Hash is the way to go paired with beef bacon. The beef bacon is ridiculously good, and out of this world. I didn't like the Cornflake Crusted French Toast. It was completely soggy inside and had too much cinnamon. Maybe the chef was having a bad day? Who knows.
Sandwiches - Portion-wise the sandwiches are a good size. I usually eat only half a sandwich, but I'm a small person. My favorite sandwich is the Roasted Vegetable. I love pairing the sandwich with the soup of the day. The Tuna Melt was also good and didn't have too much mayo. I would hold off on the spicy mustard if you don't like spicy foods. 
Soup - Soup of the day varies. I like the fact that they have offered vegan soups. My favorite was the vegan chili. 

Studying
As a study spot (especially if you plan to be there for a few hours) it's best to get there in the morning or around dinner time. By the afternoon, it's crowded with several other students/study groups on their laptops. Don't get me wrong, there's still room to sit and outlet plugs available, but you won't be able to get your preferred seating. The chairs are dinky as another reviewer noted and not the most comfortable chair in the world, but I can manage sitting in it for a few hours.
Food game has been stepped up considerably. The chicken salad sandwich is great.
Breakfast sandwiches are much better than I remember. I will start coming here more often now that we're living back in the neighborhood. Seems like a good place I could bring my laptop and work with the baby.

WARNING** there is a very skinny blond/gray/white haired woman who gets her iced coffee here every morning after (it looks like) she "works out", always decked out in Lululemon but doesn't look like she ever breaks a sweat. I've been stuck behind her in line a few times now and she's always holding it up by being glued to her cell phone. Her death gaze if you politely ask her if she's ordering anything is unmistakable. Anyways, my recommendation is to tell her to piss off if you see her before I do again.
We are big fans of Ori Feibush and respect all of the amazing things he does for this city, so naturally we wanted to support OCF Coffee Shop. We weren't sure just what to expect when we met for a brunch date here in our old 'hood, Fairmount.  

We used to live in area and would frequent the business (Mugshots) that was formerly at this location. While I do feel the space has lost its cozy 'Friends' type coffee shop vibes complete with cozy couches, a newer, brighter, bigger, hip and industrial chic place has taken over. They unexpectedly offer delicious food and beverages with acknowledgment to vegan and gluten free patrons. 

The new space is literally double what Mugshots was, but now heavy on the wood with exposed beams and huge windows allowing for great views of The Eastern State Penitentiary to be seen while you dine or get some studying or work done which it seems most people that weekday morning were doing. 

There's a little something for everyone here from a simple cup of joe to fancy lattes with diary free milk options. Healthy fruit smoothies are available too. One even named for the street a few steps away (Corinthian). I loved the recognition of the neighborhood! Made me miss it! 

A variety of baked goods from muffins, to breads, cookies and such with vegan options as well. I took home a pb cookie for the kiddos which I had to taste! It was VERY good! 

Standard breakfast bagel sammys were available and lucky for me a few key vegan options! It was hard to choose between the quinoa bowl, pancakes, tofu scramble and tempeh sausage. The sweet girl behind the counter suggests I do a single pancake and a side tofu scramble in order to have a taste of everything I had my eye on. Hubs and I split the sausage and both added some avocado to our meals. He used his as a side to his sausage, egg and cheese on egg bagel. 

We both loved everything! We were very pleasantly surprised!! Who knew? We left thinking "is there anything Ori Feinbush can't do successfully?!" I mean really.... realtor, neighborhood developer and coffee shop owner with really tasty food. You go dude. 

Prices were extremely fair. Service with a smile. A nice, super casual place to grab some brunch or a quick drink. We will be back.
I just had a pretty poor experience at OCF and it left a really bad taste in my mouth. Went in Saturday morning for breakfast and ordered a chicken sausage egg and cheese breakfast sandwich, and they got my order wrong twice, and a lot of the staff were pretty rude / didn't handle the situation well.

We got our food twenty-thirty minutes after ordering and after taking two bites of my bagel I realized that there's beef sausage instead of chicken sausage inside. I went up to the counter to let them know their mistake and the woman who I spoke to just sort of said oh and asked for my order again. No apology. I told them I wanted it to go this time since my friend had to head out really soon. After 10-15 min. when I checked back the guy I spoke to said that it was in the queue so they would get to it soon, and it would maybe be another 5-7 minutes. 

Given that they messed up my order and that I was sitting with nothing in front of me as my friends ate, I feel the least they could have done was to make sure it was at the front of the line. Anyway, it came out a bit later and the guy who handed it to me apologized and gave me a card for a free coffee. 

I got home and took a few bites and then saw that 1. This time there was no cheese (which I ordered and paid extra for) 2. The eggs were not over easy (the yolk was solid) and 3. There were just two dinky pieces of chicken sausage one either side of the egg yolk. Two sausages each the size of your finger, and not very good either. 

I went back to ask for a refund because the whole thing was ridiculous. The manager apologized and refunded me, but the experience was just very frustrating.
Two friends and I wanted to study together all day (from 11am till 4pm) at a nice coffee shop, and this place was just right for the occasion!

For one thing, their "brunch all day" was a huge highlight, being able to work, caffeinate, AND eat good food all at the same time. We each got a different sandwich that all looked delicious, but I especially enjoyed my chicken salad sandwich. 

It's a large open air space, with tables that can be moved around to accommodate different group sizes or individuals. It was particularly pleasant for me, because as a non-coffee drinker, the coffee smell wasn't nauseatingly overwhelming. Meanwhile, my friends who ordered coffee said that it was really good and pretty strong as well. One thing to note is that they have hard metal seats that are a little unforgiving on the behind if you're planning to stay all day (not that they are particularly uncomfortable - only if you're sitting on them for an extended period of time). 

Everyone seemed friendly too, so I'd come back again if I'm in the area!
Excellent variety! Includes small bites, drinks and lunch/light dinner meals if you're on the hungry side. Plenty of space to lounge or study.
Gorgeous, clean, and light new space, great coffee, and a courteous staff.  Fairmount needed a fresh coffee shop and this is just the ticket!  Keep up the good work!
This place is extremely inviting, has a great atmosphere, and very good food.   Also it is reasonably priced for most items on the menu and they have many options available.  I would've given it 5 stars except for one thing...

WHAT IS WITH THOSE CHAIRS?!?!? These chairs drive me nuts.  This looks like a similar chair( http://goo.gl/CM0Nc2 ).  Here is a breakdown. The chair itself is made out of a sturdy, hard, aluminum-like metal.  I don't have a problem with this as chairs are meant to be sat on so they need to be sturdy.  On the other hand, chairs are not supposed to inflict pain on the user, unless used in some sort of late 90's wrestling match.   The seat is broken into 3 slats of metal, I assume to save in cost when using one continuous piece.  You don't notice this as a problem at first, but after about a half an hour of your cheek bleeding through the gaps, it wears on you.  This same slat approach is used for the backing of the chair.  While I don't have the same critique of the back due to the weight of my body not being forced through the gaps, the angle of the chair is not conducive prolonged leaning back in a chair while working with a laptop on a table.  Let talk about how this chair works with the tables at the coffee shop.  Each table is suited for one person to squeeze into the.  I use the word squeeze because the width of the legs of the chair are only slightly smaller than the width of the tables.  Pulling a chair into the table is near impossible and requires some ninja like scooting & shimmying skills.  Including yourself, if your party is greater or equal to 1, I highly suggest lining up your chair precisely in a manner that allows you to scoot with minimal effort.  This is easier said than done.  Don't even think about combining tables after sitting.  Better to just sit a separate tables and shout.  So assuming you are there to get some private work done, and your all set up in your chair and have passed the puzzle of pulling your chair into the table the next thing you must deal with is the table height.  For some reason the difference between the height of the table and the seat of the chair was extraordinarily big.  I can only assume OCF only wanted people with tall torsos to drink coffee at their coffee shop.  For the rest of us normal-torso-lengthed individuals, working from these chair-desk combos is extremely painful after a little while.  You must hunch your shoulders if you plan to type on your keyboard or use the mouse because of the disproportionate table to chair height.  Imagine a mummy or zombie like creature walking toward you with their arms out and hunched shoulders....brains!!!  Now look over at someone in the OCF coffee shop working on their computer.  Now remove the table and laptop while the person holds still.  Although this chair dilemma haunts me, I do frequent this place a lot.  I struggle with this problem often and think I deserve a free coffee or scone or something.... that is all.
Work was over and I had finally made it back to the city. Tired and somewhat out of sorts, I headed into OCF with my laptop and a mission to be productive despite the drowsiness.

I decided to order a smoothie since it was too late in the day for coffee and it was crazy hot outside. Since my brain had turned off for the day, I asked the guy working for his favorite smoothie, quickly looked at the menu to ensure it didn't sound vile and then said I'd go with that.

A couple minutes later, I was at a little table with my laptop open and a Corinthian Garden (heavy berry taste, pretty and very good!) by my side.

While I love the culture behind OCF and the general feel of the coffeeshop (hence 4 stars), I don't think I'd head back to sit and do work. Their music was blasting and it made it a little hard to focus. Still, I stayed for well over an hour and met my goal of getting stuff done, so that's a huge plus.

I'll be back soon for food or, ya know, caffeine since OCF is only a short walk away.
*GLUTEN FREE BREAD

Thank you. This neighborhood needed a REAL coffee shop!

5 stars all around:
service
quality of food
ambiance
cleanliness
wifi
location

This spot used to me a mugshots. It was dark with POOR ventilation - you'd get a coffee and smell like bacon when you left, free of charge. The staff were confused and absentminded. The set up for order and pick up was a bumblemuck.

OCF does it right. Bright open light, excellent ventilation. Plenty of chairs and tables with access to wifi and outlets. The space is large enough that families with kids don't disrupt the folks who come to study or meet for business.

The staff is always friendly and helpful and they have GLUTEN FREE options! Of course lactose free as well. THANK GOD!

You pay for what you get, so don't expect cheapy cheap. It's reasonably priced for the quality of food and service and worth every penny!
There are some days where a plan just comes together like that (snaps).  My favorite flea happens twice a year around the perimeter of the prison.  This year, I indoctrinated one of my favorite peeps Amanda to the joys of outdoor bargain shopping.  

But first, coffee.  We popped by and each grabbed the perfect caffeinated beverage.  My iced coffee gave me enough pep to maneuver through the crowds.  It was so good and they know to have simple syrup on standby.

Forty dollars and 3 hours later, we were famished.  Back to OCF Coffee House for a little nosh. I am not a fan of chicken salad since most are chocked full of celery.  However, the OCF chicken salad sandwich captured my eye since it had dried apricots, shaved fennel, and walnuts instead of celery on top of celery.  Amanda went for the kale and grain salad with goat cheese.  Both dishes were perfect - simple but delicious.  Plus you didn't feel like a chunky butt after eating there - especially because they let you get a side salad instead of chips.

OCF is a good place to pop by for a quick drink or a whole afternoon of wifi.
I've been working from here quite a bit lately and the staff seems much friendlier - sans one barista that shakes me out for as much $$ as possible for my coffee. When someone comes in all the time, you'd think that he could drop the attitude over me asking for a refill of regular drip coffee in my cup that I paid $6 for a red eye for. 

I truly believe you will turn to stone If you look the scary woman with the white hair in the eyes - so beware of her, too.

Food is pretty great. I will continue to report.
I've visited this establishment previously and had little to no issue. This time, with the mask mandate freshly reinstated, I came in without a mask, as there were no signs about mask required. I had a mask in my backpack, and my hands were very full as I approached the counter. I was told that I had to wear a mask to order. I let them know I do have a mask in my bag, and once I settled myself I would gladly put it on, not knowing the rules had changed. I was told no, they would not take my order. They watched my fumble with my bag with my hands full with a water bottle and wallet, dropping things trying to find the mask until they finally offered masks across the room. I asked if I could order and then go get the mask, not wanting to lose my place in line. I was told no again. The employees behind the counter could clearly see I was flustered and had no patience, or empathy/compassion/ just understanding that I was having just not a great time and was not trying to break any rules. Resigned, I went to go grab the mask, and took an extra. I was truly berated when I approached the counter again for taking an extra mask. At that point, I just wanted to sit down and study, which is what I came to do in the first place. As I settled myself, I realized that truly NO ONE in the establishment was wearing a mask while sitting down, while some people it was understandable as they were eating and drinking. But others who were on their laptops, reading books etc, there was no enforcement of the mask mandate upon them. I was infuriated that the rules seemingly only applied to me in that moment, that I had to be humiliated at the counter only to see that nobody else was being told to adhere to the rules. Truly a disappointing experience and I will be telling my circle not to come here unless they feel as though they want to be targeted. 



I ordered a iced coffee with caramel and oat milk, and it may have been the worst drink I've had the handful times I've been here. It tasted very sour, with no caramel taste
WHADDUP BYOB CAFE OPEN LATE! CH-CH!

The coffee: 'mazin'. Get it from some small roaster in the midwest if I recall correctly. Anyway it's the chronic. I had two iced americanos, one just as good as the next.
Got a big ol' selection of teas as well. Bottled bevvies in the cooler.

Food: Got a veggie potato hash for Sunday brunch, topped with two fried eggs (they don't poach eggs here...almost annoying). The rosemary potatoes were killer. Think I paid ten bucks, but was full for a while. No pork bacon here, only have beef and turkey bacon. I had the seitan bacon with my plate, it's made in-house and is a tasty alternative to breakfast meat. Most things are made in house, including baked goods though these are a bit overpriced. They do outsource for their morning pastries, like croissants and tarts. Le Fournier, I think. They look great. Also got a cooler full of sandwiches to go. 

Staff: Supa friendly, from the order-takers to the food-runners. They're all smiling and chatty. One of the ladies was explaining that most the staff begin as buds, which is a business plan worth replicating. Place is busy too, so they're running around and still manage to maintain good 'tudes. Much appreciated. Could also have something to do with the extraordinary

SPACE: Makes sense that OCF Coffee House is associated with the realtors. The space is gorgeous, lookin' like a converted garage whose doors can open on nice days, right onto Eastern State Penitentiary. Lots of natural light, wood floors & tables, exposed brick, high ceilings. Overall great aesthetic. Bright & clean. It is a little on the loud side, and on a Sunday afternoon the place was full-up. Sitting at the table I was a bit too low to do work, but it was great for eating. Bathroom wasn't the cleanest but like I said, place was poppin' so I get it. Perhaps not the best study spot I've encountered, but just as well because it is not anywhere near where I live :). Doesn't stop the loads of laptoppers takin' over the tables. I'd suggest bringing headphones. 

Great change of scenery! Thanks!
Located conveniently across the street from our tourist destination of the penitentiary, we made this our first stop.  I like the cool vibe of the place.  You place your order at the counter and seat yourself.  We chose the end of a few really long tables, but there was plenty of seating everywhere.  Our breakfast came out speedy quick and we prepared for a long day of touring.  Plenty of cute little shops sprinkle the streets so this would be a fun area to hang out, shop and dine your way through the day.
Neighborhood coffee house! (....co-branded with a realty company....I mean....I guess then you always know where to meet to discuss contracts and what not...)

This OCF is directly across the street from Eastern State Penitentiary, which 100% influenced our decision to come here Saturday morning of our Philly visit. ESP doesn't open until 10am, so we decided coffee was really the best way to start our day.

The coffee was hot, the coffee was strong, it was exactly what I needed! AND we found a place to sit, *inside*, at 9:30 on a saturday morning! That being the most unexpected thing of all! Like the Tardis...it was like it was bigger on the inside!

They have a breakfast/food menu that I wish I had partaken of...everything looks delicious! Maybe next time....I hope there is a next time!
OCF did a great job with the space.  Huge improvement aesthetically over Mugshots, due in large part to freeing up space by using a normal sized cafe kitchen, but also due to the large windows and ample table space.  Also, it helps that there is no attitude from the servers.  In fact, the servers actually seem happy to interact with customers.  Full breakfast menu.  No nasty overpriced fattening vegan crap.  Only drawbacks - prices are still high,with full price coffee refills  like Mugshots, and the Mommagentsia has already discovered the place and so there is baby-stroller gridlock, Please Touch Museum ambient noise, Romper Room child traffic and, totally expected, utter lack of courtesy from young parents who seem to turn every cafe into their indoor amusement center.
My husband and I were recommended to stop in here for breakfast by our Air BnB host when we were staying down the street. We arrived on a Saturday morning around 10 or 10:30 and the line was practically out the door. After ordering, we were able to find a table inside. Your food is brought out to you according to your table number. Service both in that aspect and at the counter was friendly. The kitchen made an error on my husband's breakfast sandwich (left off turkey bacon) and they were quick to apologize and correct it. Coffee available that day was in medium and dark roast. I had a medium roast which was very good. They have a variety of juices and teas for grab and go too. Lots of pastries, cookies, etc. if you are looking for a sweet treat.

Both my husband and I did a "BYO breakfast sandwich". I chose: sourdough toast, egg, turkey andouille sausage, gouda, cooked spinach, and cooked tomato. I appreciated I was offered the option of cooked because 1. I didn't even think about it and 2. I prefer cooked to raw anyways. The breakfast sandwich was very large and filling. The bread was nicely toasted, the turkey sausage was well-flavored and had a spicy kick, the gouda perfectly melted, and the spinach and tomato were both seasoned well. The egg was fried well too. My husband chose rye toast, turkey bacon, mozzarella, and fried egg. He enjoyed his sandwich and found it to be filling too.

I'm glad our Air BnB host recommended coming here because we had a great experience-quick service, inexpensive yet quality food, and a hearty enough breakfast that we were good to go until dinner. I definitely noticed a lot of students lingering with laptops so I imagine this place can get even more packed once the universities in the area are back in full swing.
Place is amazing. Very friendly people that work there. I'm not from Philadelphia and feel blessed to have found this place randomly. There good is very delicious and prepared very well. This place was the first thing that entered my mind upon waking up  the next morning after previously eating there.
OMG BEST TASTING MATCHA LATTE WITH OAT MILK I'VE EVER HAD!!!!!!!! ($5.41)...oat milk is 75 cents. It's expensive being dairy-free, damn. I highly recommend this combo tho. Latte art pretty good for a milk alternative. Could be improved (less air bubbles pls!). So delicious though. Next time I went, I got the golden milk latte with soy milk. It was alright. I drank it pretty slowly...and all the spices started to thicken at the bottom.
Happened on this place while walking around at an art crawl (which was a bit lame). I loved that they had something for everyone and I wasn't stuck having a bagel with nothing on it. 

I had an everything bagel with hummus and avocado. Delish. Bagel was pretty good and fresh.  I also had a smoothy. It was tasty. 

I was in shock at the cost. It was very reasonable. At my favorite lunch place in Florida a smoothie alone is $9 and here my entire brunch was $9. 

The place is clean. It was a little annoying that many of the tables are taken by students buying nothing more than a cup of coffee and settled in for what could be hours. 

The service was great and friendly. 

Next time I am in Philly I definitely will return.
This review is just based on a few times I've been here to study and purchased coffee & food- NOT for brunch.

Service: Lovely! The baristas are very kind, friendly, chill and are always happy.

Atmosphere: Big, wide, open with lots of light and windows onlooking the street. There are plenty of tables that are easy to seat 1 or 2 to a larger group. They have huge windows facing the street that open up during summer and look onto Eastern State Penn. It has an earthy, modern, 'studio' feel. They don't have many outlets in general so if you have a computer and want to plug it in, it could be difficult. 

Food: Meh, this is probably the biggest reason why I give this place 3 instead of 4 stars. I've ordered some things that sounded really really yummy and have been pretty disappointed. The fig & brie sandwich? Sounds YUM! But it's not :( I think I could make something better. I have not had anything off the brunch menu, sooo that could be much better than the other things I've had. I'll be back again and make an effort to have something from the brunch menu.

Coffee: Great! I've never had a bad drink here. They have lots of options for tea and coffee. Try the Nutella latte if you need something sweet and something with coffee. I love coffee, but for people who don't- it's a great intro drinking coffee. 

Prices: Because I don't dig the food I've had, I'd say it's overpriced. BUT the coffee is reasonably priced. 

Parking: there is street parking for free for about 2-3 hours without a permit. There is also parking with meters down the street a little.
Looking up breakfast places for our trip to Philadelphia. Located across the street from Eastern State Penitentiary was a great café.

To be honest it's a little pricier then what is labeled on Yelp. But no matter, I felt it was well worth it.

What did I find here? Inspired brews! Kombucha made right here in Philadelphia, I think that's awesome to see a small operation with such a great presence.

This café had plenty of options. Breakfast was delicious. We opted for French toast with slabs of turkey bacon. Not that overly processed stuff, thus was like hearty turkey bacon!

Cappacino was delightful, the presentation was aesthetically pleasing with the fern design. I know, I sound like a total douche. Cappacino was delicious either way. Don't look at me like that, shut up.

Service was very good. And it's set up as a self-cleaning type operation with the bins for dishes by the trash. The place was clean, and very busy. There's also a section on one side for you to set up with your laptop, that area was packed. It must of had outlets. Also nice because I think this place has WiFi.
Portlandia in Fairmount.  This place has reclaimed wood decor, more gluten free cookies than you can shake a stick at, and a staff with piercings and dyed hair galore.  But don't hold any of that against them.  This place is fantastic.

The people who work there are competent, nice, and efficient.  I love having a coffee shop with real food choices, not just packaged up hummus and sandwiches.  Their breakfasts are really good, though portions small.  I cannot comment on the coffee as I am a tea drinker, but their tea selection is huge, which I appreciate.

It is a big space with a vibrant buzz and study hall feeling at the same time.  It is perfects a place to have a meeting or get some work done.  Thank you for free wi-fi with no time limit.  

While I felt badly for Mugshots being replaced by another coffee shop, this one is far better.
Cool, sunny spot. I had pre-prepared rooibos tea here. It was OK--maybe a bit oversteeped. Salad was average, small, and overpriced. Better than Mugshots? Probably. Rybread is still my favorite Fairmount Ave. coffee shop.

But coffee aside, this place is pretty morally reprehensible. OCF stands for gentrification, and when I checked it hurts the least among us. A real estate developer that runs a coffee shop is just too wold for my taste. On the cup holder it even says: Buy, Rent, Sell, Develop... It should say displace too. I think this is the last time I can visit consciously.
This place was in our Airbnb neighborhood and it's also directly across the street from Eastern State Penitentiary. We thought this would be a great spot to stop before starting our Saturday in prison. 

This place gets 5 stars easily! More on that later. This place is trendy with a casual vibe. It was busy with enough seating to handle the crowd. They have coffee, tea, smoothies, lunch, and brunch. If lunch plans at another place wouldn't have been in the Saturday lineup, we would've tried brunch here. They have your basics. Pancakes, french toast, various bagels, build your own egg sandwiches, and various other things. A lot of times coffee shops try to incorporate food and forget about the coffee. This place puts coffee front and center while bringing in food. The good news... the food seems to be good too!

I drink my coffee black because you're not really drinking coffee unless it's black. Just kidding. Just kidding, but seriously! Since I don't put junk in my coffee it's critical that it has a great taste. Bring up coffee around me and I'll mention this little shop in Atlanta that always has one little old lady in it. THAT was my favorite cup of coffee EVER! This OCF location is easily not far behind. It didn't give me the ATL coffee shop nostalgia blues, but it's officially the second best cup of coffee I've tried! It was perfect. I can't remember exactly what flavor they were brewing that day(August 6, 2016), but that's the coffee that makes dreams come true. 

I also ordered a slice of banana bread. Fresh enough to earn 4 stars by itself.

Every time I drink a cup of coffee, I always reminisce about that ATL coffee shop. Now I'll also be thinking about OCF on Fairmount Ave.
Great open air place with brunch all day. People on laptops doing their digital working and stuff.  Gluten free options for us Celiac peeps and fad dieters (thanks guys... The fad dieters that is).   And veggie options too. No normal ass bacon here, but the beef bacon is ok and greasy. Not as good as normal ass bacon.

The iced coffee is on point!
A really solid coffee shop with ample space to enjoy a great cup of excellent coffee or tea.

I've been here several times since moving to Philadelphia and thoroughly enjoy breakfast at this Fairmont spot.  The egg sandwich offerings can be had on a number of bread options (I'm a fan of their sourdough and their in-house English muffins).  You can heap cheese, avocado and a number of other things.  Everything is always fresh.

Another factor that makes OCF such a fantastic offering is the great service.  It's always upbeat without being obnoxious and you'll get your food delivered to your table in a jiffy.  It's best experienced as a sit down place vs a take out joint.  Enjoy the big, airy space lined with big windows.  And relax because you are in good hands.
- friendly service
- food was ready quick, even though the place was packed
- sriracha available for my eggs
- menu is pretty diverse
First time here.  I'd like to study but they are playing super loud country music in the by the tables and trap music in the back.  And the tea took 3 minutes to brew...but it's not hot.  I'm leaving.
Great new coffee spot in Fairmout! And much needed to. Now I no longer have to go to the stuffy starbucks down the street!  Good coffee too!
Coffee is OK.  The espresso tasted a bit burnt.  Also I ordered a cappuccino and there was zero foam.  espresso and hot milk served in small cup does not a cappuccino make folks...
I am sure that this place does well with a steady flow of folks either coming or going to the Eastern State Penitentiary.  It is an inviting meeting spot and has a friendly staff and a nice ambience.  As far as the quality of the food, I was not impressed with what we ordered and found it to be overpriced.
Terrible. Was there around 3 pm on Sunday feb 28.
Ordered a BLT as noted on the blackboard by the counter. Instead of using mayo they put some kind of hot sauce on it. When I returned it they refused to do anything even though blackboard did not mention
hot sauce. Lunch for my son and I cost over $30.
Only place I have ever been to that refused to replace
unacceptable food!
Massive space perfectly for a group breakfast or meeting
With a baby, I had to find a breakfast spot open early.  OCF to the rescue.  Because it's probably 10k square feet, we were able to sit away from everyone and let me son throw his food everywhere.  Food is really tasty.  On the smaller side, so over order.  Great vegetarian options with lots of fake meats.  La Colombo coffee too!
Oh, OCF. You have such wonderful menu items(although I've only tried a few) but the service is so bad every single time. Workers basically ignore the customers. They usually don't even call out drinks so you have to keep going up and checking and then try to get someones attention to ask what's in the lone cup on the counter. I've never been able to find a clean place to sit either. Nobody is ever cleaning up the cafe area, including the mountains of dishes that pile up. This place is cute, but not an enjoyable experience.
Stopped in here before spending some time at Eastern State Penitentiary. We wanted a brunch of sorts and after reading the menu, we decided this was the place for us. Plus, it is across the street from ESP so it was convenient.   

OCF has great vegan and vegetarian options, farm to table food,  and brunch all day! Hubs and I both got an iced green tea and an egg and goat cheese bagel sandwich. They cooked it to order so we waited a few minutes. We sat down with out number for the order, and they brought it out to us. It was uber-flavorful, and filling. The place looks like mainly students frequent it as most looked college aged and had their headphones and laptops with them. It was pretty quiet for the amount of people that frequent it but we could have a general conversation without feeling like we were annoying anyone. They also have outdoor seating where some people bring their dogs and dine/drink. 

Note: they have a BOYB policy so they sell orange juice and Bloody Mary mix but you have to have the liquor to actually make them alcoholic drinks.
Gluten free (hipster) heaven. Seriously you can get so many gluten free options here you don't feel left out . It's amaze, gluten free bagels , bread, cakes , coffees and cookies oh boy. I was so shocked. I was able to get a gluten free bagel ( that seemed house made and full size ( unlike the ones at saxbys and green line ) with vegan cream cheese ! Seriously I was in special dietary heaven !!! Seriously , I'd move to this hood to be more accessible to this joint, the boy loved his lox bagel , yes good lox is a double plus ! 

In reality this place has good eats that cater to an array of diets. On the other hand staff seemed stand off-ish and a little rude. Just one guy in particular but still, rude! 

I'll def be back .
Although Fairmount now has a number of coffee shops, OCF is by the far best one! Lots of vegan and gluten free options. They have homemade veggie cream cheese, which was really good. The chai latte was awesome. The eggs are farm fresh from Green Meadow Farm, which is a local farm.  Last time I had the sweet potato pancakes, which were delicious.  They have menus for brunch and lunch with a variety of items like egg sandwiches, vegetable sandwich, bagels, and even hummus.  The hummus was great with a nice lemon flavor and it comes with homemade bagel chips. 

They also have gluten-free items, such as bread and pastries!  

It is a really bright and open space with large windows. They have a lot of tables and it feels spacious, unlike the other two coffee shops on Fairmount Ave.  This is a great place to sit and talk, or meet someone for coffee.   It is SO much bigger than the old Mugshots! They did a great job re-doing the space. It is a great spot if you have a larger group, kids, need a meeting spot, or want to relax and take in the sunny space. 

I was very happy to hear The XX on their playlist = nice Sunday am!  The staff is very friendly and constantly clearing plates and making sure that you are taken care of.  They seem genuinely nice and friendly, not the snobby coffee shop barista attitude you get at some other places.  

Everything is reasonably priced and they have a large variety for breakfast and lunch.  

They are also BYO so they provide mixers like bloody mary mix and orange juice. Sweet!
Great addition to the neighborhood! Friendly staff, free wifi and a good playlist. I had the Nutella mocha, which was good but pricey ($4+). Also had the turkey melt which was AWESOME but pricey as well ($8.50+). This is pretty standard pricing for coffee shops in the area though, so I'm still going to give OCF 5 stars. Overall a really nice place...I'll definitely be back!
This is a good coffee shop to go to if you are in the area. The staff is very friendly, it is definitely a place to study or chill. 
I can't speak for the food (I've never tried anything other than the pastries) but the coffee is decent, they have some skilled baristas. 
The PB and Jelly bar is soooo good I wish it made a more regular appearance in the pastry case. 

Only two small complaints the get their coffee from Anodyne coffee which is a coffee roaster in Wisconsin???? I don't think the coffee is bad, it  has an interesting unique taste, but it is by far not the best coffee I've tasted and this goes for their regular black coffee and espresso drinks. So why buy from a roaster so far away?   For such a neighborhood centric place why not serve coffee that is from a roastery little more local?  

2nd qualm: The space is SOOOO large it would be nice to have some varied furniture up in there.  Also some comfy furniture!!! They only have these small wooden tables which you can push together and these flimsy uncomfortable metal chairs.
I really want to love this spot! The food is great with large portions, however the pricing is a little high.. roughly 5 bucks for a latte, 11 for a salad without chicken, etc. OCF is always crowded with a line to order food/ drinks and there is often- times a half hour wait for food. Bathrooms are disgusting with graffiti in there and in serious need of some TLC. The line for the bathroom is sometimes 4-5 people deep. Additionally, the last time I came into OCF to do work, the internet was extremely slow. I think with the apparent lines, waits for food and bathrooms, a much better choice is to head to tela's up the street
Great little coffee shop! 
They have lots of drinks that are with different tastes. I had to ask for a description of each drink since it's hard to tell by the names but they also have written descriptions if you ask for it. I didn't know what I wanted or even if I wanted a hot or cold drink because I was feeling sick and out of it but the girl working there was really patient and offered endless combinations of what they could make for me. I wish I lived closer so I could get drinks from them everyday. 

OCF Coffee House is a Highly recommended Place.
Two things were great: my husband's latte and my scone. But everything else was just ok - my tea, my husband's muffin, the staff. Also, while having various food options is great, nearly everything was gluten-free and/or vegan. It actually would have been nice to have some other options. The space is nice, too, and it's nice to look out at the prison while you're relaxing.
My experience here left me stunned, frustrated, and extremely disappointed. For such a nice neighborhood cafe, the service and quality of drinks we received was horrendous. We came here to order an iced oat milk latte and a smoothie. The smoothie was fine, but our iced oat milk latte came out with oat milk that had GONE BAD. I repeat, the OAT MILK WAS ROTTEN. 

You would think that the lack of mixing between the oat milk and coffee would be a sign that the milk had gone bad, but we were served the drink with a creamier oat milk and were confused. After just one sip, we realized that the sour flavor was ROTTEN MILK. Immediately, we brought this up to the people working behind the counter, WHO DID NOT EVEN APOLOGIZE. Indignantly, the woman behind the bar took the drink to the man who made it, and he seemed ANNOYED that the drink was sent back. We did not receive any apology, and instead of remaking our drink immediately, they made MULTIPLE other drinks first so that we had to wait for our drink to be remade. We were not offered anything in return for being served ROTTEN MILK. 

At the end, I didn't even see them throw the milk out. It makes me wonder - who else is being served rotten milk? What other ingredients are sub-par that this place uses for their food? I will NOT be returning, and I hope that some health agency looks into the lack of oversight on the health of their ingredients. I highly recommend you go to the Starbucks in Callowhill if you want friendly service and healthy ingredients.
Friendly staff, nice clean space. I liked the chai latte, but would say it seems pretty standard in flavor compared to other places. Their disposable drink lids are very sturdy, with a cover you can click open or closed so great if you're walking somewhere since it guards against spilling somewhat it seems. I would happily study or do work here if I lived nearby.
This place has a nice staff and atmosphere but I wouldn't recommend it for vegans. There are vegan options, which is great, but it doesn't taste good. Two other vegans and myself got the vegan omelette, vegan pancakes, and tempeh bacon. The vegan omelette tasted like everything and nothing at the same time. There was the nothingness of tofu and the taste that comes when cooking with an unwashed pan. The pancakes were thin, tough, chewy, and lacked flavor. The tempeh bacon was undercooked. 

Everyone in our party that ate the non-vegan items enjoyed their food so it's seems it's just the vegan menu items that might need to be re-evaluated.
This coffee house is known for more than just the coffee it is brewing (all are solid options) - they have AWESOME breakfast. From sandwiches to pastries, they've got you covered.

My last visit to the shopt, I tried a raspberry lemonade scone that was just OUT OF THIS WORLD.

Their location in Fairmount is huge and spacious. Perfect for getting some work done, reading a book, or just unwinding and people wathing.

Really relaxing place, big floor to ceiling windows, and the staff is super friendly.

Would highly recommend.
Didn't realize this place has multiple locations since it has that neighborhood feel. The employees are friendly and patrons seem to be regulars, many of them. There was a short line on a weekday morning around 8am. Once ordered, we got a number and had our choice of indoor or outdoor seating on the sidewalk.

We chose the sidewalk and enjoyed the people/parking watching as this place is right across the street from the Eastern State Penitentiary. The bagel with lox and cream cheese was good as was the mint bomb pasty that my daughter got. Everyone liked their food and coffee and the selection was good as well, as everyone was able to get what they wanted. Great neighborhood spot!
Love OCF! 

Great coffee... I love their turkey bacon and egg on sour dough bread. Lots of funky treats. And it's a great meeting place, reading place, stop on your walk to work coffee place... Their "OCF Regulars" program gets you a free coffee every ten you buy, which is just a little something that makes you happy to be a regular.
Pretty good coffee,  large, open interior with lots of tables plus reliable wifi make OCF a great study spot (on Fairmount--other locations can get cramped). Not really a fan of their baked goods, but the actual menu is solid if a bit pricey.
A really warm and inviting coffee shop with some excellent food options. 

My GF and I were visiting and stopped in at OCF to grab some breakfast prior to touring Eastern State Pen. Food menu was quite impressive and did have a large selection of vegan options for those interested. Staff was quite friendly and took the time to explain everything as it was our first visit. 

We both had teas, Almond for GF and Peach for myself. One of the better teas I've ever had, GF enjoyed hers as well. Our breakfast consisted of French Toast, Two Your Way egg dish and a side of turkey bacon. Everything was extremely delicious and exceptional value. Portion sizes were quite large. 

Will surely return when back in Philly and in the meantime my search continues for something just as good in Toronto.
Awesome location, plenty of space (very industrial), and good food and drinks. Only drawback is the chairs. So uncomfortable and way too low for the tables. Makes it difficult to work on your computer, so if you're picky about that, take note.
I can't say enough about how much I love OCF on Fairmount.  OCF was a godsend to me as I was in my last semester of graduate school taking 2 classes part-time.  They were open til 9 pm even on Sundays, which is so convenient!  They have tons of tables for studying and a decent amount of outlets.

As for the food, wow.  So tasty.  Excellent variety of "real" tea, hot or iced.  Amazing pastries (I love the ginger snaps and sugar cookies).  The roast beef sandwich is AMAZING.  Normally I don't like pre-made food but their chicken salad sandwhich was unbelievable!  And I had some really good pancakes and omelet for brunch.  You're pretty much set here.

It's a nice place for brunch and people watching...I once saw a guy training another guy on how to sell some kind of sports water.  Considering my degree is in water resources engineering, I had a good laugh!

I haven't been back in a bit, but I shall return...I love unpretentious coffee shops!
I almost want to move to this hood just to be near here!

On my first trip in I tried the cream of potato soup. It was amazing. It was pretty much the best cream of potato soup I have ever had. 

Second trip today I had the best ever chicken salad sandwich, It is soooo good. If they start serving this at the one on 18th I might never loose weight! 

My only problem is the chairs here are dinky, like made out of tin foil dinky. Not impressed!
This is one of my favorite coffee shops! The staff is great and the food is delicious. A bit pricey, but the quality is high.

Try the lemon myrtle tea! The barista kept refilling the pot with hot water for us and although it did get pretty weak by the third pot, their honey is delicious and made a nice cold day study companion.

Try their soup and grilled cheese combo!
As soon as you walk into this cafe the vibe and atmosphere warms you up. It's my first time here and the staff is so friendly and sweet. Great service and delicious food. I had their toast whole grain with egg, spinach and cheddar cheese. It was light and filling for brunch. The ice coffee was pretty good as well. Definitely satisfied with my brunch today. Highly recommend to try this place out! :)
Rude customer service and the Reuben was badly over salted. When I asked for jam for my toast, they told me that it would be a 50 cent charge even though the menu did not have a price. Then, it became 83 cents. Jam should be free with toast. The cold brew comes from a tap and is not very good.
The setting:

It's right across from the Eastern State Eastern State Penitentiary on the corner of 21st and Fairmount. I came here when it was Mugshots Coffeehouse and fell in love with the decor. My sister lives close by and suggested it for lunch. OCF renovated the look and expanded it as well. It's a very open space, modern, and lots of natural light. Long tables for bigger parties, private seating to have alone time or group seating which was perfect for us. A nice sitting environment to chat with friends over good eats, a cup of tea/coffee or to read/study. There were people casually sitting with their notes, laptop or books with a drink. They have a community calendar which was nice to see. It provides a sense of caring for the community. The specials for the day were listed on a board upon entering which was a nice summary in addition to the menus and the board above the counter. The desserts were cased by the registers and all looked scrumptious! The tea - never saw so many options in one place for consumption! I definitely will have to try the coffee next time, we came for lunch. 


The Food:

Their food is pretty darn good taste-wise and health-wise! Their options are generally local, grass-fed, or organic, gluten free, vegetarian and vegan options, which we appreciated. It felt really great knowing that we were eating well without breaking our wallets and the best part was that everything was delicious too. We ordered the Power Salad, Roasted Vegetable Sandwich - that came yummy veggie (terra) chips, a vegan peanut butter cookie that you will LOVE I promise even if you are not vegan (which we aren't), and a peanut butter cake with chocolate ganache which we split as well and all enjoyed!

I would definitely recommend OCF, the staff were all ready and willing to answer any question we had. They offered suggestions based on questions they asked and they were so pleasant. Our food came out quick and service was excellent! 'll definitely come back when I am in the area again and try some other yummy menu item with some coffee.
i Enjoyed my visit to OCF Coffee House. I all had was a cup of coffee but that was all a came for. The coffee was good the service was quick.  There are plenty of seats to choose from and your not all crammed together like at other coffee shops or cafes. This place is wide open. Now if your looking for a cozy place to have a cup of coffee and read or get some work done this might not be the place for you. Its can get a bit noises in OCF. Now if you don't mind noise and your looking for a good cup of coffee and a nice table  to use your laptop on OCF is a good choice. i do plan on returning in the near future.
Motivated to write this review while sitting in Good Karma Cafe because it has become clear all that I've left behind with my recent move. Good Karma isn't bad! I just miss my spot for reasons outlined below :). While I was in Fairmount OCF was my go to study location. The staff are super kind and the atmosphere is great. They have a great selection of snacky cafe food and the full kitchen is a plus that no one can argue with. Moreover, the meals are really good, I am a big fan of both the roasted veggie sandwich and the potato veggie hash. 

Ok, back to eating my expensive cold sandwich - waah
Especially for studying, I love that this place is spacious and you don't feel crowded. However, unfortunate that the kitchen closes at 6pm - although you still can grab a to-go sandwich.
OCF fills a void in the neighborhood; they've taken over MugShots' old space and made it much more approachable. Coffee is fantastic, they also do very well with their espresso drinks. The food is hipster/veggie friendly to good effect. My only complaint is that they do not serve pork bacon and instead offer beef, turkey and tempeh. It's a great work environment - easy to sit down for a few hours and get stuff done.
OCF is delicous, but has no pork bacon on the menu. It has to be said. However I am a fan of their beef bacon.

I have been coming here since it opened pretty frequently and I have very mixed feelings. 

OCF is easily the best coffee shop/cafe in the neighborhood but is often too loud, the food/drink can be expensive, but tasty and the baked goods are always delicious. If your in the fairmount area and looking for somewhere to have a casual lunch, a coffee drink and chat, or study for a bit (during the week), then I say this place is easily the best option and delicious.

 If you want to study, or a quiet place to meet on the weekends it's just too loud, walk into center city and find a better spot there.
A nice casual, hip coffee house, OFC is a great place to stop in to warm up on a cold winter's day, post up to get some writing or studying done, or a good choice to meet up with friends for a chat over coffee/tea.

The atmosphere is very welcoming, the staff very kind and helpful, and the coffee is top notch.  Highly recommended for a place to get some Joe, chill out, and relax.
UPGRADE!! Finally, La Colombe. All is right in the world. Great pastries and snacks, good hot meals, super nice staff. Everybody wins.
Okay, so I am a little torn here so I'll just throw out my honest first impression and update as I get more, cause I am determined for more it's so close and cute!  

I went in there basically dressed like a raging hippie, bedhead-tossed about like it'd been romped in the backseat of a very small car, and rather hungover from a long night our prior, just to get a quick bite to eat.  A vegan, I ordered a pumpernickel bagel with hummus and tempeh bacon.  As I waited, I took in the ambiance, which is very well put together and which I enjoyed much when it was Mugshots Coffee, now down the street.  

The ceiling are high, adorned with beautiful modern lights.  The tables and chairs give it a very university feel, quite perfect for studying.  It's not as comfy and homey as Mugshots was, but it's got a vibe all its own.  It's owned by OCF Realtors, which markets through their coffee chain.   

After finding this all out, my food readied and I went to take it to the car, then, intrigued on the realty foundation, turned back to ask questions to see one of the girls in the staff pointing at me and talking to one of the guys.  Annoying, but I'm a big girl, so I still went and questioned him, and he was still very helpful. 

To the food.  The bagel, delicious.  Pumpernickel's my jam and in Philly it's hard to get a good bagel so I will go back to try some more of theres.  The hummus, a little sour.  The tempeh bacon, way too sweet and nearly nauseating, but again, I'm a vegan, a cook, and I eat rather natural foods so my tastebuds definitely are not standard!   I would never get their hummus or tempeh again, but I will probably go back because it's convenient, and I like bagels.
Huge fan! Just moved into the area and I know for sure I will soon be a regular.  They have a wide variety of coffees and teas - hot and cold.  They also have matcha tea lattes!  Personally, I have had the cold brew and iced lattes and I highly recommend.  They also have a food menu and their bacon, egg, and cheese on a croissant is A+

What really gets me in addition to the food and drink is the open, modern, chic aesthetic.  There is a lot of space and this is a great place to come and do some work or meet friends for a quick breakfast or lunch.  The layout is very airy and modern.  I love it in there.  There is also outside seating now that the weather is nice! 

Be sure to check it out if you are in the area!
We ordered a bagel w cream cheese and an egg cheese and bacon sandwich. The bagel hardly had any cream cheese on it and the sandwich had no bacon.  They put bacon on it and then realized there was no cheese on it.  There was a hair on the plate and all ketchup bottles were empty ....a definite disappointment especially since it wasn't dollar meal prices.
What a great addition to the neighborhood! This OCF Cafe outpost has a bright and friendly community vibe going on; natural light just pours in from their awesome huge windows, the staff is friendly and their hours of operation are generous. The food and drinks are good - and they offer BYO options for brunch, too. Two enthusiastic thumbs up for this modern spot.
Great find. Great coffee. Respectable selection of looseleaf teas. Delish & interesting breakfast menu including 'challah french toast'! Yum.
$54 for three of us, though....it is all fresh & tasty.
Located in Fairmount, across from the looming State Penitentiary, this coffee house is bright, has open spaces, and plenty of food and drink for a long lasting study session. I have been a regular here and like the layout, service, and products. They have quick drinks or snacks, but also serve up fresh full blown meals for breakfast and lunch. Great place to be!
OCF is located right on Fairmount ave, directly across from eastern state penitentiary, and about a five minute walk to anywhere you'd want to eat in Fairmount. 

It's a large space with floor to ceiling windows covering about half of the space, so it's really well (and naturally) lit. There's also definitely a hipster vibe, so take that how you will.

I don't drink coffee so another reason I love OCF is for their tea options: all loose leaf and an option to get a small pot of it if you're planning on sticking around for a while.  They also have tons of iced teas and baked goods (many vegan and/or gluten free) + sandwiches and other food options. I've tried a few of their breakfast/brunch items and they've been hit or miss for me. The breakfast sandwiches are pretty good, as is the veggie sandwich, but the tofu scramble wasn't great. I'd stick to more basic items there. 

A good place to spend a sunny weekend morning!

*ask for a punch card if you're getting a drink
GREAT coffee...specifically, the Falcon Head coffee is amazing! Its the perfect blend of coffee, chocolate, and raspberry flavors - but that may just be a personal preference. The food is A-OK, but be advised that they only serve beef bacon (as opposed to pork bacon). Still good, but you can definitely tell the difference. I prefer the turkey bacon over the beef bacon, to be honest. I've never had any lunch menu items here, but will try to return once more before I move out of Fairmount!
Large open space, both small and large tables, really tasteful music, both snack food and meal food, super sweet baristas. Wifi. my only complaint is that it's too hard to choose a pastry BC they are so many and they all look amazing.
I had the dirty chai with almond milk and the roasted veggie sandwich. The dirty chai was delicious, it was not overly sweet at all and had a perfect cinnamon-ginger-cardamom taste you want from a good chai. I loved how I did not taste the almond milk they used. It's the worst when you want a dairy free drink and the almond milk flavor overpowers everything. I make my own at home and it has a very mild taste and creamy texture, this almond milk was the same way. 

The roasted veggie sandwich was very large and stuffed full of zucchini, tomato, and mushrooms. Everything was seasoned well and cooked until tender but not mushy. I really really enjoyed the vegetables. The bread was good as well - it was a seedy whole wheat bread. It tasted fresh and a little bit sweet. It was toasted as well so it was nice and crunchy. The goat cheese really rounded out the whole sandwich and added that funky salty flavor that really makes it uber delicious. The side salad was small, but I loved the dressing. Some of my lettuce was brown, but most of it was fresh. 

I am a fan of OCF's environment as well. You are sure to get a table here, it is very large! What a nice place to study or meet with friends. They have outdoor seating too. The WIFI is free, just ask for the password. I will certainly think of OCF coffee when I want to study somewhere outside of the house or off campus. 

However for my latte, a water bottle, and the sandwich, the bill was $17 and change. With a tip it was $20. As other reviewers have stated, they do not post prices of drinks. I assume the almond milk was an up-charge, but I really wonder the cost of everything for such a high bill. The portion was large so I was not hungry after or anything, but I could not come here all the time at these prices. I was pleased to see a water dispenser though, so next time I would skip the bottle and save a bit. They should really post drink and up charge prices in order to be transparent. Other than these factors, OCF is a great spot for food, drinks, space, and good vibes.
I could spend every Sunday morning here doing extra work on my laptop, a good breakfast, and a very good latte. It is pricier than your average coffee shop, but I pay for quality. Great addition to the Fairmount neighborhood!
Big fan of this spot!.  I come here all the time to study and its perfect.  The place is huge so there's almost always seats, the staff is welcoming and friendly, and the food is rull tasty.  I would eat their hot quinoa cereal everyday if i could: it's awesome! Same goes for their chicken salad sandwich, Power salad, and "egg" salad sandwich (they use spiced tofu instead of egg but it's worth trying).  

If you're in the are and need a spot to study/chill/grab a bite, this is where you should go!
Stopped in to get an espresso shot. Biggest mistake I ever made. The coffee tasted like sour milk without the milk. Couldn't even finish the entire thing. I should've walked half a mile to the closest Starbucks.
It was 97 degrees out and I was drawn to this place by their smoothie sign outside! They're $5.50 each or $6 if you wanna customize yours with 3 ingredients. I asked them to surprise me and they gave me Spring Garden: pineapple, banana, arugula, and orange juice. My friend got the Penitentiary: mango, pineapple, and orange juice (normally it's soy milk but she substituted). They don't have added sugars, and both were really refreshing on such a hot day! I'm not in love with the arugula part of the smoothie but I think it worked with the blend, to my surprise. Saw some people doing work and others eating their food...gotta come back on another day for the full experience. :)
WOW what a great hidden gem- right across from the penitentiary-  nice end to a cold day.  
Lots of homemade goodies.  Loose leaf tea blends and all the regular coffee excitement!   
Look out Starbucks.  They have it all over you.
Got a chai tea latte and the vegan omelet for brunch this past weekend in Philly. The latte needed to be a touch sweeter, but I love that you can order drinks in house that come in ceramic mugs - too many places don't do that anymore. The vegan omelet also just missed the mark because it was under-seasoned but the potatoes that came alongside it were delicious! Definitely need to return and try other things on the menu.
If you put extra milk in your espresso, they charge you. If you put extra milk in your espresso.......they up charge you. 

The peanut butter bombs are delicious though!
This is one of my favorite coffee shop to do work, drink coffee, and eat food. There are plenty of tables and outlets. The price of the food and drinks are a bit on the higher end, but I think it's worth it given it's better quality than the typical coffee shop. I also think they have the best egg sandwiches!

Food Rating: 4/5
Service Rating:4/5
Ambiance Rating: 4/5
When the first time I came to this place and ordered a cup of tea, I was actually pretty in hurry to catch my bus back to New York. I saw the cashier make my mint tea with loose tea leaves and hot water and then he put on a timer saying only 4.5 minutes. 

ONLY 4.5 minutes?! That's the longest time I have ever waited for a cup of tea nowadays and I would probably have to run in Philly for my bus. However, besides enduring the unbearable waiting time, I found I have no excuse to complain because I am from the tea country. It probably took my mom 45 minutes to make a pot of tea and you will have to just wait... During my wait time, I looked at their tea shelf carefully and got so amazed by how many types of teas they have here and they are all loose teas in glass jars. This is truly the coffee house who knows how to make teas. 
I love the quietness and chicness of Fairmount in Philly and I will have to just come back to OCF to try some other teas one day.
The short of it: OCF is awesome and my new favorite study spot!

The long of it:  I explored OCF on a whim when I was getting bored of my usual study spots...best decision ever!  The space is massive (at least 30 2-person tables, plus a handful of larger ones) and has big windows letting in lots of natural light. I can imagine it'd be gorgeous in the summers because they open up the big garage-style doors letting in even more sun and air.  There are plenty of outlets and the tea and food are great and moderately priced.  

There's a good mix of people who are either just stopping in for brunch and those (like me) who are hanging out with their laptops and books for hours...the staff is super sweet and attentive, and definitely not the type to throw you dirty looks if all you've ordered is a cup of tea (I think that's also because there's no shortage of seating, even during prime-Saturday brunch time).  

Honestly, this place is so great that I've ventured out here from Market East on Septa two days in a row. Let's be real, that's a big deal
A large coffee house across from the Eastern State Penitentiary with excellent food, solid coffee, and plenty of seating. Last time I was here I ordered a lox bagel sandwich with a roasted tomato and arugula and it was truly delicious. 

I regularly tutor a student here and am pleased with the wifi speed, variety of seating, and number of outlets. Parking isn't too bad around here. I've never had an issue finding a spot within two blocks. Only thing that bothers me is that the tables and chairs are of pretty cheap quality. Nearly all are wobbly which can make it difficult for me to get work done. 

Finally, I know the OCF realty company is very controversial in Philadelphia and can act pretty heartless towards longtime, lower income residents. Just something to keep in mind if you're looking to vote with your feet.
This place is great on every level. Great food that caters to every diet. Awesome coffee. The Nutella latte is the best warm drink I've ever had, not too sweet. Free wifi, real silverware and plates, and complimentary water dispenser.
I'll save you the long, boring review of the coffee, atmosphere, etc.  If you are looking for a good cup, plenty of space to sit, and most importantly STAFF THAT TREATS YOU WITH RESPECT.  Then this is your place.  Most of the coffee houses in Fairmount/Francisville have intolerable staff that forget you are paying $6 for a cup of coffee and $11 for a wrap.  OCF staff doesn't make you feel like you are the uncool kid at the prom.  They are pleased to answer your questions and they don't rush you.  I tip my hat to the ladies & gentlemen behind the counter - their ability to keep their composure even when customers are acting like d-bags, is nothing short of appreciated.  

If you prefer your coffee with a shot of attitude, head two blocks down the road to Smug Shots.
OCF Coffeehouse is a busy, open-plan cafe located across from Eastern State Penitentiary. When I went in (and every time I've walked by), the place was packed with people working on laptops, chatting with friends, or reading books. The food and coffee were pretty good, and the location is fantastic (it's like eating next to a castle).

It's quite a large cafe, and the openness makes is a little loud inside. One of the walls is a large chalkboard with a calendar of upcoming events in Philly, which was pretty cool. They also have great wifi, which is important if you're gonna be working on your laptop for a few hours.

Overall, a good place to buckle down with a coffee and sandwich for some work!
Stopped here for a lemonade this weekend after a nice walk. I can't speak to the food, because we were there after the kitchen was closed, and I didn't eat any of the snacks (though there WERE vegan snacks available).

What I really liked about this place was the atmosphere. Friendly employees (who encouraged me to come back for the apparently very vegan-friendly menu! Bright clean space, and I loved the garage door windows (which were open so as to enjoy this beautiful Saturday afternoon in the spring!).

I will definitely go back here. I need to try the food, for sure!
This was the perfect place stop before my friends and I headed to the Philadelphia Museum of Art. It's also right across the street from the Eastern State Penitentiary. I got the Nutella mocha cappuccino and it was delicious. I was really craving something sweet but I also wanted something that would wake me up. I also got a chocolate covered peanut butter bomb. I love eating spoonfuls of pb and this was basically a massive glob of pb covered in chocolate so I was very content. I also got the s'mores brownie. It was pretty good but kinda weird to eat with one large marshmallow on top.
We have been in two different times now and both visits were amazing... Coffee awesome food to die for ... Best Rosemary potatoes... View of the penitentiary is intriguing as well!!
Since I work from home on Mondays, I use this opportunity to hangout at cafes to do work (cause lets be real... if I remain home, I'm simply going to watch Netflix all day and not do any work). It has been a while since I've been in the Fairmount region, so I took a walk into the neighborhood and found this industrial, chic gem right across the street from the Eastern State Penitentiary! 

Pros:
-- Very spacious with lots of tables and chairs 
-- Lots of natural light streaming in
-- Extensive menu of baked items, sandwiches, and breakfast & lunch plates
-- Not at all noisy, so a good place to study/work 

Cons:
-- Since this place has floor to ceiling windows, the coldness from outside seeps in and it can get pretty freezing cold, especially if you're sitting near the windows/walls for the outlets
-- Internet was consistently dying... I'm not sure if that's a common problem or their modem was just having an off day I was there, but it definitely frustrated me 

Normally I wouldn't give such a low rating, but the coldness and internet issues definitely brought it down for me. I will check this place out again when the weather is better!
We saw the Eastern State Penitentiary, and decided to try out this coffee shop directly across the street.  There was plenty of outside seating, so we decided to enjoy the beautiful day.



They had coffee, juices, and sandwiches.  



They have wifi, and a lot of people were taking advantage of it.  



I had a regular drip coffee.  It was nice and robust. 



G and I split a chicken salad sandwich.  It was a nice snack.  The chicken was good.  The bread, which was pretty heavy, was some type of multigrain.
Big fan of this place -- from the cool, hip architecture, to the menus written on chalkboards, to the bottles of Sriracha lined up next to the condiments. A great place to spend a Sunday morning. The large, open windows let in plenty of sunlight, and the tables are well-spaced, so it feels like there is plenty of room to move, breathe, and talk. Their food is great too -- the sausage, egg, and cheese wheat goes great with a dash of salt and Sriracha. And when you're done, you can just venture across the street to the Eastern State Penn, take a walk around Fairmount, or rent a bike and ride to Valley Forge!
First of all, great coffee! Also if you like salads, get the Power Salad with chicken salad added, it's easily one of the best salads I've had in my life! Eclectic, colorful, and hearty but healthy salad with a Mediterranean inspired taste. I get it almost every time I go there now, and they have a great Reuben sandwich. I also like that they have gluten-free options, and lots of seating which is good because it's usually busy.
