Twas a few days before Christmas and all through the center city streets, were food trucks and cafes, and so many places to eat. On the Octopus falafel truck, random evviges hung on the window with care. And magically a line full of people appeared. This is the only food truck in the history of time, doesn't tell you what in your platter for $9.99. 

Ok, that's all I got lol 

But in all seriousness I think the allure of never knowing what you'll get, but also knowing that it'll be amazing 99% of the time makes it worth the adventure if you happen to be nearby and miss that first wave of a line. On this day I received a mix of grilled cherries and chicken with broccoli rabe.

 I did see him kick almost someone out of line for asking too many questions like, "Hey could you give me more falafel than chicken?" Uh, uh.. You never ask him questions unless he feels like talking to you. It's quite the experience, honestly lol
Work generously gave me a day off for Labor Day weekend!  No longer shackled with before/after lunch meetings, I had an increased range to explore places out-of-reach during weekdays!  I decided to conquer my fear of SoupMan-like rejection and visit the Octopus Falafel Truck.

Pilgrim's Progress:
Trudging 10+ blocks across the city despite the heat, I spotted the line alongside a food cart adorably decorated with plants, garlic, and peppers ... and 80's music playing from a radio.  Sidling up to two regulars, I asked what to expect/not to do (reasonable rules below).  Soon after, we watched someone get shamed - just asking for pita bread. We nervously fumbled for exact change - determined to not look like a n00b.  Soon, it was my turn.  He pointed down at the open window and I stepped up, ready to face the chef.
 
This man is seriously awesome! Garbed in a red chef jacket despite the heat, he took the time to chat with every one of his customers while assembling each order with precision.  He takes great pride in the quality of his ingredients and is very passionate about his food - and he'll let you know it with gusto! 

Prize in hand, I initially planned to stop in Rittenhouse Square, but no - something told me that this platter deserves a private audience.  Carrying this treasure like the altar of an Egyptian god, I carefully navigated back across the city - with the incense of chicken and garlic wafting out of the container ... torturing me.  

Alone at last, I carefully cracked open the chest of wonders.  To my delight, the contents did not shift during the 1 mile trek! 
* Bed of garlic hummus
* Rice with chickpeas and juicy raisins
* Falafel. 4 pieces with a grainy crunchy exterior
* Chicken. Tender, seasoned, char grilled! (There must be 1-1.5lb of it in here!) 
* Nectarine. Half topped with more hummus.

I did not expect this level of amazing from a food truck: the smells and flavors ... ohhh, I was vocal with my praise - most of which were whimpers, grunts, and moans of gustatory bliss.  Thank goodness this was consumed at home. Alone.

To those who come after:
* Cash only. 
* One order per person.
* No cutting the line: even if your BFF who you haven't seen in omg-so-many-years is in line.
* You get what you get: Seriously, it will be awesome - don't ask for extras. 
* Preferable to have exact change. $5 this instance ... but have $10 in change just in case.
* No drinks for purchase at this truck.

El Camino de Octopus Falafel:
* 25 minute pilgrimage
* 30 minute wait (in the shade)
* 25 minute walk home  

Worth it - I'll definitely be back! Now I need self-control to save the other half for spouse ...
This Vendor is known by a less lovable name by the locals to CC.
Here are some rules to follow:
DO NOT ask for more than one meal.  You will get railed that he serves good food and if someone wants it, they stand in line.
DO NOT ask for substitutions, you get what he gives you.  You can, however, ask for no bread which I do recommend because you don't need it with all the food he is about to give you.
DO NOT talk on your cell phone in his line.
DO NOT cut in line, even if your friend is holding a spot.
DO NOT ask for a menu, you get what he gives you.
DO NOT ask what you're paying for, just pay him what he tells you.
DO NOT ask him what's in the dish, you will be trolled.
DO NOT interrupt his one way conversation, just nod, smile and agree.
DO enjoy the delicious food he gives you.

If you decide to venture outside this list and get "No soup for you!" don't complain that you weren't warned.
Oh Happy Day, Oh Happy Day.... Oh Happy Day, Oh Happy Day!

I've walked over to 20th street about 6 times recently to try this cart out but to my sad discovery this awesome cart was no where to be found. Luckily, with the 70 degree weather and a heads up from AJ A, I was finally able to try this truck out. I can say the hype is very real my friends. This is a legit food cart serving up some delicious flavors. Is there a menu? No. Can you pick what you want? No. Do you have a say in what you get? No. Is the 20-45 minute wait worth it? YES! 

Lets just take a moment talk about how serious this chef is. Full blown, chef attire and an attitude like no other. Don't care for a lunch surprise? don't bother. He wont go into details about what he is making. you get what you get. He also listens to some awesome tunes as he gets down in his cooking. You'll notice the cart is pretty decorated. Decorated with fresh ingredients that is. Garlic, bright red hot peppers, and a scale full of colorful fruits. 

As I waited in line, I noticed the amount of people who stopped to try to figure out whats going on. A few people also tried asking the chef what he was making and he simply went on to say "its all expensive fresh ingredients. I make something new everyday. its 10 dollars". so, don't expect an explanation on what's on the menu just know its fresh and delicious.

I should mention how flavorful my meal was. For 10 bucks, I got a bang for my buck. A full container of a rice (almost like a risotto), grilled chicken, falafel, grilled fig, peach, spicy pepper, and some fruit. I would have never thought to mix any of this up but it was all blended so well. each bite was better than the other. I will say, it was pretty spicy!! 

All in all, I have literally written an essay about this cart because of how awesome this experience was. Not only is this guy the soup Nazi of food carts, he is a master chef (seriously, you'll see the pride he has in his food). I cant wait to go back and try some more of his creations.
Gus NEVER disappoints. Even when I've had to wait in line 30 minutes without gloves on a cold winter day, I finish my hearty meal very satisfied. I rarely get the joy of visiting his truck since it's only open at lunch on weekdays, when I am typically at work. However, whenever I am off and in need of a hot, scrumptious meal, I head over to the truck! Best food truck in the city by far, and you're in for an experience. 

Tips for first-comers:
1) There is no menu. There's only one option, and you don't know what you're going to get unless you ask someone who has just gotten their meal. However, it's typically a mixture of pasta or rice, with falafels, chicken, peppers and other greens, fruits (grapes, tomatoes, even a peach once!), topped with a delicious spicy sauce! But not TOO spicy if you aren't into spicy foods. The portion is HUGE - usually lasts me two meals. I believe it's the best lunch deal you can get in the city. 
2) $10, cash only
3) There are NO utensils or napkins. You will have to find or bring your own.
4) Better not disturb the beast when he is busy. Gus is quite a character, and some describe him as cantankerous. If you have questions, better to ask people in the line who have been before, as he will probably just point you their way anyway. You will learn to love him though - he is unfiltered and authentic, and will chat you up at the counter when you pick up your food.
5) Best time to get food is if you come right before he opens or if it's past 1:30pm. Otherwise, you may be in line for up to 30 minutes. He takes his time, but it is worth it. 
6) Try not to block the sidewalk when you wait! You may be reprimanded. 

There you go! You can get in line now and act like you're in the know.
Warning: This guy is the soup Nazi of falafel-- follow the rules and you'll be rewarded accordingly- with street food equipped with quality ingredients and made with LOVE. 

Look for the billow of smoke - that's where you want to be. Normally this guy was shacked up on the northeast corner on 20th and market but with the construction dudes taking forever to build overpriced apartments- he's now outside on 20th between the Starbucks and nail salon.  Look for the line at least 15 people deep- smell the aromas of garlic, grilled chicken and heaven and get behind the people salivating. 

How to:
Have a $10 bill ready to go.
You get whatever is served daily. Yes- you get what he gives you.
Be quiet and listen to him tell you how much love he puts into his food, or his jokes- both entertaining.

Don't do:
Don't ask for a menu- there isn't one.
Don't ask questions or try to substitute- you will be banished.
Don't order more than 1 order per person.  Trying to snag a second order for "Lizzie Lazy Pants" in the office is a surefire way to get your sweet ass sent away empty handed.  That is, unless you get in line again.  

What you get:
Always- fresh grilled chicken made while you wait
Always- falafel 
Always - sauce/hummus/rice or pasta
Usually - fresh herbs.
Usually- some fresh fruit, what that is, depends on his mood.
Sometimes- fresh bread

If you give this guy anything less than 5 stars your a commie or you probably plan on voting for Trump. Girl, bye.
Yes... I am reviewing a food truck!
Take away the the time consuming line and the entertainment, which is the cook himself, and this could have possibly been a 5 star meal (kind of like the 5 stars I gave a pretzel joint!!)

Long story short, this guy obviously makes some quality meals in this only open for.a couple hours a day food truck... The evidence can be found among the smiling faces waiting for an hour plus for the one, and only one, meal he serves per day... He tells you nothing about it. You'll see what you get when you pay for your container and after you've walked away from his truck...lol. One of the craziest things I've seen.. 
I waited close to 20 minutes where I was about 8th in line before he opened. . There's no way I'd wait an hour anywhere that I didn't make reservations, and didn't have a bar to fill the void... But this guy did serve a quality meal for $10... Much better than what you'd receive at most sit down restaurants for lunch...
Is it worth $100 as I heard him tell a customer that was asking him a question or two..? 
FOH.... But it was a satisfying and enjoyable meal that's freshly prepared. 
If you have a little time to kill before he opens at noon, I suggest taking your place in line... 
If you get there after noon, don't expect to make it back to work that day... You'l stilll be standing in line while you're workday is winding down...
He is back and moved his cart to on 20th up near Ludlow away from the construction but less than a block away from Mama's Vegetarian.
Sweet falafel adventure explosion!

Hot damn cornucopia of deliciousness!

I love this little plant-friendly cart.  I love the singing, smiling man behind the cart. I love his delicious falafel constructions.  This place isn't for the weak-hearted or the tender-stomached.  Be prepared to reek of garlic for the remainder of the day so co-workers be warned.   

Perfect green fafalel balls and char-grilled chicken and every time a different mix of delicious components, be it a beet hummous, a mix bag of salads, a myriad of vegetables and fruits, raw or cooked or both, coucous and a melting fusion of sauces and who-knows-what- all I know is that the finished product is a marriage of taste perfection.

Falafel truck does abide by a couple strict rules, only two items either a sandwich or a platter can be ordered here, and only one item per person.  The wait on certain days can be lengthy so come early.

And yes, $10 is a bit steep (why does he keep raising the prices?) but it's worth it.  His food is so scrumptious, and the portions massive so you'll be stuffed, guaranteed .  

Best Cart/Truck food in Philadelphia, no question.
This standard metal cart is covered in potted plants and copper pots. Steam billows up into the air. A pungent aroma of garlic and grilled meat extends over the entire corner of the street. No doubt the most attractive cart in the city.

Order one of two things: sandwich or platter. What you will get is grilled chicken, falafel, and whatever else he has in the cart that day. He dances, sings, hums, tells stories. It's like dinner and a show, and you can expect to get a couple of acts because you WILL wait to get your food.

You can ask for vegetarian (no chicken), and I believe you can request hot sauce. Ask for any other variation, and I hear he'll throw you out of the line. Only open from 11-2 on weekdays.
It pains me to write this as I have been an avid falafel man fan ever since I've moved to the city. But it must be done; falafel man no longer serves falafel. I've spoken to him about it after eating six lunches over the span of two weeks and waiting for those delicious, crunchy bites to come back. Apparently his $3,000 fryer broke and he refuses to get it fixed or get a new one. He's confident that his business will continue to do well. 

He isn't wrong. Nor'Easter hit hard one of the days I decided to wait. I naively thought nobody was gonna be in line.  My eyes lit up with joy to see nobody standing next to the CVS building on 21st and I went up to Gus and he immediately shoo'd me away, telling me to get in line. I was confused and he pointed to the entrance of the CVS where 8 people were in line waiting. 

And that's why it's still four stars. But subtracting one because there isn't anymore falafel!

Rob K. of Yelp has decided to create a go-fund-me for a new fryer for Gus. See link and donate below!

https://www.gofundme.com/falafel-fryer-for-gus
I've never had a falafel so I would not be able to compare it to anything, but this was very very yummy. My coworkers and i got there at 11:45 and waited in line till 12:30! It was well worth the wait. It was fresh and good. The hummus was soo good and the falafel had soo much flavor. It was really good. I would definitely go back!
The hype is worth the wait. I had never tried falafels prior to my visit to the the Falafel Nazi/ Falafel King (I know this is not PC, and no offense is intended), but it is an appropriate title to give him. It doesn't just communicate how great the food is, but the experience you'll have. 

The standard Center City lunch crowd knows this unmarked cart on 20th, and it usually has a long line in front of it. Prepare for passerby's to make comments on how you're waiting in line, inquiring as to what it is for, and pretty much just staring at you. *Tip* show up just before 12:00pm to limit the waiting. We got there at 11:45 and still had to wait 40 minutes. 

There is no menu. Get used not to making choices. The cart is run by one man, and he is eccentric, but entertaining. He clearly has a passion for his food. You'll receive what he serves, but expect hummus, falafel, and chicken. He changes it up based on his shopping that week, and I had had a mix of watercress, apples, melons with mine. The sauce was spicy and divine. 

It's worth the wait.

*Remember: Cash only!
He's back and as good as ever!

I have been waiting all winter for him to return and that day has come.  Same deal as in the past, chicken, hummus, falafel balls, some concoction of pasta/orzo, fruit salad, and a pita. Absolutely delicious! No greens yet, but I'm sure that will come with time.  Totally worth the wait in line!  As always, it's all about QUALITY!

For anyone who works in the area, this cart is a must try!
****** IMPORTANT ******

I was there today, 08/15/2017, As JANE P. said, he will be off for a few weeks and should return the week after Labor day, week of 9/11/2017.  I talked to him today and he is expecting to add a helper and lessen the wait.  This is GREAT news and his loyal supporters should be very happy.
I have never tasted anything quite like this. I loved it. Oh I loved it. I loved the jazz, I loved his dance, I loved the way he painted my falafel and chicken platter like he was Jackson Pollock. This man can do no wrong. Anytime I eat another falafel, I will be fantasizing about Mr. Jazzy falafel man making me a platter of awesomeness. 

I dont even make sense. Wow.
I've been here several times, after wondering for years what the aromas coming from this food truck around 20th and Market were all about. (Freshly grilled chicken is what the aromas were all about!) 

The lines are usually really long, but if you try to avoid good weather and the lunch rush, you might be in luck and get your food within 20 mins. A good estimate is that it takes 3-4mins per person in line. He fries the falafel for each order individually. 

For $10, it is a lot of food - probably about 2 meals worth. The caveat is that you don't know what you're getting ahead of time, though if you have friends ahead of you in line, they may be able to tell you. There's no menu and the guy there makes one type of dish for the whole day (and another dish for a whole other day). 

It's definitely worth trying a few times if you've got some lunch break flexibility.
Now this is falafel. I usually don't eat fried foods, so when I have a falafel craving, it has to be the worth all those calories. 

The owner is said to be a bit surly, although he was dancing and singing along with disco music last time I was there. I just wish it was open later so people who don't work in Center City could enjoy it. A sandwich with chicken is $8 and completely worth it. It is totally huge, I had to go back to my office to eat it with a knife and fork. The charcoal grilled chicken it tender and delicious. The falafel is wonderfully flavored and that lovely shade of green that comes from fava.

You don't get to decide what goes on it, which I love because the chef should know what's going to taste the best. Last time I was there, I got some gorgeous red lentils, romaine and grapes on mine. His sandwiches are actually quite beautiful, too, how many times can you say that about falafel?

The line moves slow, but that is because each sandwich is made carefully, one at a time.
I'm not the one to venture to the food trucks out here in the city, but this one caught my attention. The great aroma coming from the cart just draws you in with the curiosity of no menu and many people chattering boasting how great the food is and also the man himself is unique! So i had to try it and boy I have been hooked ever since, I go two to three times a week! Also, its not really a falafel truck - you are getting mainly grilled chicken, hummas and veggies/fruits with two small falafel balls.

His lines are ridiculous. The wait on average is 15 mins or so per person! He's been missing since the beginning of December, so hopefully he'll return! Anyone know where is these days?
Bethy H. describes this guy as a "Soup Nazi," and that's entirely a propos-- the woman in line in front of me ordered two sandwiches  and was rebuffed, being told, "You can have only one.  If I wanted to run a restaurant, I would still be doing that.  There are people in line.  You get one sandwich."  So be warned-- don't think you're going to order for your co-workers and bring something back for them.

From what I can tell, the chef serves either the "platter" or a sandwich.  I got the platter and, at $8, it is still a great deal.  It came with super tender, amazingly grilled chicken and falafel that is crispy on the outside and utterly delicious all over.  The platter was rounded out with chopped romaine, some sort of beet sauce, roasted garlic, and toasted (I think) grapes.  It'll fill you up with deliciousness.

You can smell the sweet scent from any street corner at 20th and Market-- follow it.
Right outside my workplace on 20th and Market, you'll notice several food trucks on the corner. But the one you want to go to is unmistakable. Just head towards the sights and smells of charcoal-grilled meats and you can't miss it. Gus of Christos' Falafel Truck has a large following and the wait can be unbearable. It's not only because of the delicious smells you have to endure while waiting in line, but the wait that Gus forces upon his customers.
Credit: Yelp

Why the wait? Gus makes sure your order is perfect and he needs to take the time to promulgate the fact that his ingredients are the freshest in the city. If you see a line 5 people deep, expect a wait of 20-30 minutes. And don't you dare contradict what Gus is saying or ask for 2 orders. You'll incur his wrath. In fact, one of my co-workers were banned for life for giving him lip and is now missing out on good eats for life.

So wait patiently on line, get your $10 ready and that's really all you need to do. He knows what you want and what you need - there's no ordering or substituting here. 

Falafel Platter [$10]
Falafel, charcoal grilled chicken, chickpea red pepper rice, hummus, gooseberries, watercress, bread, orange

On one particular day, I received a freh watercress salad on top of a sweet hummus, which had a great garlicky undertone. Fair warning, garlic is the name of the game here - you won't realize it at first because it's incorporated so well, but eventually you'll realize it's quite overpowering. So carry some breathmints! 

Underneath the salad was a bevy of charcoal-grilled chicken - extremely moist and juicy. One of the highlights of Gus's food truck is the fact that it's one of the few charcoal grill trucks in Philly - and he uses it to great effect!

In addition to the great chicken, the falafel was some of the best I have ever eaten. Incredibly garlicky, but light and crispy, I could eat this every day for the rest of my life and I wouldn't crave anything else. Yes, it's that good. 

Between the potent, yet delicious garlic bombs and the incredible hummus, you're in for a treat. The falafel is better than Mama's Vegetarian and the bevy of trucks I've tried in NY. As Gus says, it's not the best in the city, in the planet. I believe it's a contender.

Underneath the falafel was tender red pepper rice as well. And some gorgeous gooseberries from a South Philly market were provided - a nice palate cleanser in light of all that garlic. I also received some lightly grilled baguette and an orange for later.

So for $10, this is quite a steal. Easily one of the best lunches in the city. Gus is available from around 11AM to 4PM during the week, but he's usually on vacation for most of the winter. If you see the smoke rising on 20th street - run, don't walk! Be sure to get your falafel fix.
Quality = SUPERB
Amount = GREAT
Price = $8 (you can't beat that...you just can't!)

I was across the street at the Kinko's, hadn't had lunch yet, looked on Yelp...said to look for a non-descript food truck with a long line and smoke piping out of the truck. 

Stood about 30 minutes in line. It was a windy day, so smoke was blowing directly into everyone in line. I was about to suggest that we move the line to the upwind side of the truck, but the two guys that I was sandwiched between (they were regulars) advised against it. "You watch Seinfeld?  Soup Nazi?  This is the Falafel Nazi. He will kick you out of line if you upset him."

No menu. No drinks (instead, potted plants and pieces of fruit adorn the truck). You get what he serves you. No questions asked.  Usually, it's some falafel, some chicken, rice, delicious sauces/hummus, and a plum.  $8 cash.  

It's worth it. At least once in your life. People risk parking tickets (there's nowhere to park around there) just to eat there. That speaks volumes. Only open for lunch hours, btw.
When the boss looks you in the eye and tells you to write him a review on yelp.. you do it.

After wanting to try this food truck for a while, I finally found it and patiently waited in line with all of the other customers. It took about 30 min for me to get my order (after arriving at 1230) but it was well worth it. As you get closer to the truck, you can see the artistry of a master at work, and I was mesmerized. There are no specific orders and it is cash only, everyone just stands quietly until it is their turn when he hands you a huge plate of food and you hand him your $10.

Honestly, I didn't know what to expect, but it was the best food truck food I've ever had. The chicken had a beautiful char and smokiness, the falafel was wonderfully flavorful, and the combination of the vegetables with the addition of fruit made it a perfect medley. My favorite bits might be the falafel, but everything was truly excellent. 

One of the best hidden gems in philly is in a little food truck that is only open a few hours a week. But if you can make it for those few hours, you'll have an experience that is truly one of a kind.
Yelp Philadelphia finally hit the nail on the head. It's been kind of rough finding really good places to eat in the city but holy shit, this is some good food! There's no menu; you take what he gives you because he's an arrogant bastard, but for good reason. 


Was the line 30 minutes even though there were only six people ahead of me? Yes

Did the chef verbally destroy some lady for asking him if he could make her a sandwich? Yes

Is the chef a complete fucking nut job who talks to himself? Yes


But none of this matters because this food is amazing! Here's a pro tip for the uninitiated: stand in line, don't say anything to him, wait for him to pack your food in the bag, and then come up with him, hand him $10 ($5 as of August 2015, he's made his portions smaller), let him say something that you won't understand, and then go back to your home/office to be amazed.
It's been almost 5 years since my last review and over a year since I've visited Gus' food truck.  Absence surely does make the heart grow fonder.  Once I found out via Yelp that Gus was back after Covid shutdown, it was an easy decision to drive 45 miles roundtrip for another delectable meal which is always enough food for breakfast, lunch and dinner combined.  

Gus is a culinary maestro extraordinaire.  He can combine any combination of food skillfully and have it taste so unbelievably scrumptious that three little words easily come to mind upon the first bite:  Death.Row.Meal.  I try to savor each bite but its sheer deliciousness has me eating it at a pace which would be considered rather unrefined and just plain gluttonous.  Oink, I say!  

In the days of yore, Gus' meal always included the staple hummus which was the absolute best I've ever tasted (dare I say even better than Ditzengoff/Zahav) but like a long lost lover, it remains absent from his menu. WHY, Gus, WHY do you no longer enchant and seduce us with your hummus?  Only he knows.  Given his oft-grumpy nature, I dare not ask lest he take offense somehow.  I've witnessed him getting angry in a split second when asked an innocent question.  I may be brave enough some day to ask about the hummus . . . when I can find an appropriate disguise!

Today's breakfast/lunch/dinner consisted of pineapples, cauliflower, rice, half an avocado, red peppers, blueberries, carrots, long hot pepper, falafel and his legendary smoked chicken.  The secret is to not eat each item separately but to combine little bits onto each delectable spoonful and if you also include a bit of falafel, it's heavenly deliciousness that creates an expression of having experienced nirvana.  It's seriously that good.  

Gus has been offering his meals from his food truck for three decades since 1990.  He is a unique and rare culinary gem like Vincent Van Gogh is to art.  No doubt he could even make an ear taste delectable!
The food that comes out of this little truck is ridiculous. You'll get a styrofoam container heavier than what some people lift at the gym, full of falafel, romaine and orange pasta for sure, along with a rotating cast of whatever else the dude has bought and cooked lately (an awesome melon salad today).

Be prepared for a relatively hefty price tag and probably a lecture about falafel - its seriousness, as a food; why this falafel is better than everyone else's (ingredients, which is also why it's more expensive); how it ought to be made; and how if you eat enough falafel you'll eventually be light enough to fly away... or at least I think that's what he was trying to tell me? 

The falafel itself is light, full of garlic and parsley, heavily spiced and fried to a crunch on the outside. The ratio of fried outside to soft inside is high due to the falafel's small size and lack of density. I think everyone should visit the falafel guy at least once, but I personally find myself at Mama's more often.
One seldomly takes a bite of food leaving him speechless. Well, Ocotoous Falafel let me experience that today. The ginger sauce was soaked into to my noodles. Falafel: moist and warm. Chicken: charcoal perfection. Whoa. Never. In. My. Life. Holy cow!

Things to know when you come:
-20th at Market. 
-Be prepared to wait 30min in line. He opens at 12, and packs up 2:30p (line short in afternoon). 
-$10 cash
-no drinks for sale (those bins hold charcoal).
-no fork. Find your own in the corner coffee shop.
-no menu. You get whatever he bought that day. 
-Food concoction changes daily (rice, noodles, veggies, fruit, etc). You always get charcoal grilled chicken and moist falafel. 
-Look for the charcoal smoke and follow your nose. 
-Due to the effort Gus puts into each plate, you can only order 1. (He will literally tell you to go to the back of the line for the 2nd.)
Come early to avoid waiting a long-time.

Cart opens at 11:30AM and line starts forming around 11:45.

No menu, you basically get whatever he's making for the day, which I believe almost always includes chicken, falafel, and rice.

Falafel was truly legit.

$10 platter included chicken, rice, chickpeas, BEST FALAFEL I've ever had, watercress and a bread roll.

It seems like this is what this guy serves basically all the time with variations on the greens and bread.

CASH ONLY!

NO DRINKS.

If you have a food allergy, let him know and he can accommodate.
I had been on a quest for this elusive falafel truck for many months. The exotic locale and precious few hours open make it quite difficult for me to reach, but I had read so much about this enigmatic vehicle that I waited patiently for a chance to escape the laboratory for the express purpose of discovering this fabled cuisine. 

During my first attempt, I arrived at 1:15, which is not such an unreasonable hour of the afternoon. There were approximately 5 falafel seekers ahead of me, but alas, I was told he would not be serving any more customers that day. Bollocks! My plans were foiled, and the mythical falafel had evaded me. 

I anxiously awaited another opportunity to seek this supposed holy grail of middle eastern food. The second time I arrived at 11:30, and was forced to wait interminably. But wait I did, suffering through fathomless prattle from the proprietor, to which I politely smiled and nodded in response. Finally, my toils (and currency) were justly rewarded with a heavy platter of delicious-smelling sustenance. 

- end dramatization - 

It was a lot of food, but also kind of expensive at $10 a platter. As the guy said, you could pay a lot more at a restaurant for food like that. True, but this is a food truck and not a restaurant. The chicken and rice truck in New York is about half the price and twice the deliciousness. 

Most of it tasted good, even really good, but nothing was particularly outstanding except for maybe the grape-and-other-unidentifiable-things-salad, which was very interesting in flavor. Everything else was a little too garlicky even for my taste, and I'm the kind of person who could snort garlic powder. Also, the chicken and falafel were both too burnt, and I generally like a little charred flavor. 

It may be worth noting that my friend politely asked several times if it would be possible to bring another platter back for someone else. He began to babble about a liquor license and something about drinks. I'm not sure if he legitimately doesn't have a firm grasp of the English language, or if he was consciously choosing to ignore her question by rudely changing the subject and feigning incomprehension. 

Was it good? Sure. Was it worth all that time, effort, and money on my part? Maybe not. Still, the falafel nazi is worth trying at least once, as long as it's not too out of the way for you.
I probably eat 75% of the food I eat in Philly out of a truck, window, counter, etc and this waaay surpasses the genre (w/ the exception of this special dosa guy in Washington Sq Park in NY.. but I digress).

best felafel in philly, one of the best I've ever had, and definitely the best cart food too.  The guy has a beautifully decked out cart, long line to serve, and takes care and love with everything he does.  There are special sauces and extras to go with what you are ordering; just say yes to everything.  I only eat felafel (being veggie) but he also has chicken, or a combo.  Truly, a gift to center-west-city.
One day I was desperately craving falafel but knew Mama's was closed for a Jewish holiday. So I searched "falafel" on yelp and this truck came up. It's only a few blocks from my work so I was excited. 

When I got there the line was about 6 deep. The falafel guy was ranting on and on about prices of running a cart and purchasing quality food. The people in line just looked around helplessly, occasionally nodding in his direction when they were unfortunate enough to make eye contact. There was no menu and I didn't actually hear anyone order (regulars?) until the guy standing in front of me got up to bat (he ordered two sandwiches and got a 20 minute lecture about ordering more than one sandwich). Once he'd scurried away, I ordered mine. It was 8 bucks and gigantic. 

I eagerly unwrapped it and took a bite. 

I gotta say, I was disapointed. The chicken was a little dry and unseasoned. The falafel was charred. The flavors were strange. And the hot sauce was non-existent.  All in all it was...okay. But considering I stood in line for 35 minutes and listened to the same story told over and over (and over), it just wasn't worth it.  

Based on the other reviews, I might have gone on an off-day but Mama's will always have my heart.
Finally made it to the famed falafel truck.  I believe the official name is Christos's Falafel.  I'd heard the stories and knew that I should plan to wait and just trust in what he is serving.

Turns out you don't even order here.  Little was said to anyone during my visit.  "Gus" cooks, refills the charcoal in his grill, and serves up falafel, grilled chicken, and salads/sides.  There's no menu. Walk up to the truck, and he'll put together a styrofoam container of everything unless you specify that you want a sandwich.  Otherwise, you need not say a word.  He didn't even ask me for money, assuming I already knew the price (it's not posted anywhere).  

My plate was $10 and could easily feed two.  The chicken was flavorful, covered in spices. The salad was fine, with fresh green lettuce, a bean dish, and something tropical I couldn't identify (was that plantain?).  My palate was confused after all the Greek-style meat.

But the falafel...oh, the falafel.  It was unlike anything I've eaten.  It was so bright--there are a lot of fresh herbs in there.  It was light and airy yet crispy on the outside. The texture was unusual but excellent.  I can't for the life of me figure out what it is that makes it so different. Does he whip the bean mixture first?   Whatever it is, it works.
So I finally made to down to this famous truck and all I can say is wow.

Be warned, if you are in town craving a traditional falafel sandwich, this is not your spot. For a great traditional falafel head over to Mama's vegetarian which is right down the street.

This is an adventure in flavor. I have absolutely no idea what I ate, but it was all amazing. 

Everything about a trip to this cart is an adventure. You stand in line, no one really says much of anything. Once you get to the front of the line if you just want the platter you say nothing. If you want a sandwich, ask for a sandwich. If you don't want chicken ask for vegetarian. 

That is all. I got the vegetarian platter. He made it, handed it to me, and I handed him $10. The falafel is delicious and not your traditional falafel. It is much lighter and fluffier. The falafel balls look a little over done on the outside but don't be fooled, they are perfectly crispy and green and fluffy on the inside. 

I have no idea what the sides were that came with my platter but I ate them and they were fresh and good.
I've managed to grab a platter from the elusive falafel truck a few times.  It's a huge plate of really delicious food.  Most recently I had chicken with couscous? hummus, and a kind of sweet orange sauce, plus a piece of bread and a pita.  It was amazing.  It's way too much food, and I try to make it last two days which is hard because it tastes so good.  The owner is intimidating and the line gets super long and takes a long time, so try and go at off hours.
It's been a solid 7 years since I've been back to this truck (only because I stopped working in the area). Now that I'm back, I'm so happy to be back in the habit of waiting in line forever and risking my hair and clothes smelling like bbq and garlic all day. The "falafel nazi" has been a Philly institution for so long, and with all of the trends happening, he must be protected at all costs. There's something so simple, yet revolutionary, of a chef specializing in one thing and refusing to compromise to bend to the will of others. He specializes in homemade and fresh Mediterranean lunch, and you don't always quite know what you'll get. On a Winter day, he might give you a cup of soup to sip on while you wait in the frigid cold. He boasted about how his pasta is made fresh, how a restaurant would serve this type of food for more money and less quality, and how he never needs a menu, because menus cost money. Followers of this cart adore his eccentricity and for keeping his meals fresh and simple. 

Today, he served grilled chicken with homemade pasta, rice, bell peppers, brussel sprouts and snap peas. The chicken was seasoned so well and packed a lot of nice flavor. For $10.00, you could make two meals out the portion you're getting, and the meal is very filling. 

Tip: Have cash handy, humor him, and be prepared to wait in line. Everything is made fresh to order. 

Please don't ever change. :)
*HIGHLY RECOMMENDED*

If you love to try new food and want a cheap delicious lunch this is it. This food truck is only available during lunch hours 12-2pm on weekdays and each day, the chef, Gus, will surprise you with something new for just $10 and you get a lot, like a lb worth of food. There's no menu, just show up. The food is made to order and you can see all the work put into the food. The food itself, at least the time I went, had a good balance of rice, falafel, chicken, veggies, and fruit. Who would've though blueberries and plum would go well in a savory dish. Everyone I know who went LOVED it as well. Just be prepared to wait in line because it's popping

*VERDICT*
Totally would go back again.
The Falafel Nazi's truck always smells fantastic when I walk by.  I was intimidated the first time I actually ordered.  This is after many times of just going to Mama's because I was scurred. 

That's over now.  Any other falafel is inferior.  I love this man and his food.  It's authentic tasting yummy goodness.
I was curious after a co-worker, who's a regular, told me about this truck. Bottom line, the food is good! I was told that his menu changes, but you get what he makes that day, which also means that my experience can vary from yours. 

On the day I went, I got: chicken (his main protein) with what I thought was couscous, a couple of falafel, fruit (honey dew, cantaloupe, strawberry), two kinds of sauces (one was pumpkin and a red sauce), and some greens (watercress, maybe), all in one container for $10.

As he's putting them all together in one take-out container, I had my reservations as to how I was going to eat it and how it was going to taste. However, as soon as i dug-in, everything worked out. His red sauce (I'm thinking it's harissa) or maybe his falafel is on the spicy side, but the fruits help mellow-out the burn in your mouth. There's definitely a delicious and complex play of flavors in your mouth, but at the end of it all, you are left with an overwhelming mouthful of garlic! Some people might be put off by the heavy garlic flavor, though based on the line he constantly has waiting for his food (wrapped around the corner alley 30 people deep), I did not mind at all; I mean, you are in line smelling it the whole time and his cart is decorated with a lot of garlic bulbs!

I wasn't disappointed and I would definitely go back. Give this truck a try! Read the reviews and go there knowing what to expect. However, make sure you have time to spare because you could be waiting in line for a while.
Don't ask questions, just get in line!

There is no menu. You get what you get. Chicken, Falafels, Hummus, and Fruit are always included in the platter. If you're a vegetarian, he'll just give you extra Falafels and sides. The sides are what various. It could be a green salad, pasta salad, or roasted vegetables, who knows.

Gus, the owner & Chef, makes one of the best Grilled Mediterranean Chicken I've ever tasted in my entire life. It's tender, smokey, and flavorful. Absolutely deeelicious! The platter is pretty hefty too. Worth every $10 spent. 

The wait is what gets ya... with limited time for lunch, it makes you question yourself whether it's worth it. I've waited 30-45 minutes during my one hour lunch breaks before and let me tell ya, it's worth it. Who says you can't eat at your desk? Besides, it's a lot, so I don't mind saving it for later to prolong this mouthwatering goodness. I say, GO FOR IT.
You know the soup guy from Seinfeld? Well, imagine the same experience, but with falafels and meat instead. What you need to know: $10 per dish, cash only, one dish person, the line is long, you have to ask for veg option early!

The owner of this food truck has been doing this for years, and it shows because he absolutely loves his job. His cart is decorated with fresh fruits and vegetables, and he'll dance around in his cart, take small bites from his own creation from time to time, and create a concoction that is different every day of the week, with a particular protein du-jour and seasonal vegetables. Is the line worth it? Absolutely, but will your colleagues be upset when you promised them a plate, but then realized that you had to go to the back of the line to get a second plate - YES!

I recommend going early, because despite what yelp says, he runs out of his ingredients early, and there's nothing you can do about that! And he doesn't give you utensils, or napkins...be prepared.
I hesitate to give this guy only three stars because I'm scared he's going to throw falafel at me the next time I walk by, but I must. 

Almost every time the food is amazing. The line starts about 30 min before he opens for business, cash only ($10) and one thing on the menu - a mixture of veggies, chicken, rice and falafel. 

Sometimes it is really, really spicy. Like too spicy to enjoy. Once or twice it's been just "meh" - the rice wasn't so great and veggies soggy. 

But here's my main complaint: the time it takes to get the damn food. I've stood in line here for well over an hour and it's just not worth the time. I've timed him on multiple occasions and he averages about 3 min per customer. When you have 15 - 20 people ahead of you in line, it's a major bummer. I've left because it was taking too long a few times. 

Now here's the thing; I know he's making it fresh for each customer, and that's great. BUT he really has zero sense of urgency. If he would hurry it up just a little bit, we would come here much, much more often.
Undoubtedly fabulous falafel. However, you never really know what will be inside as he gets his veggies fresh based on what is available that day. This is both a plus and a minus as I have been known to find beets in my falafel (not a beet fan) and a friend of mine once found a half an ear of corn (cob included). But that aside it is hands down "good eatin". Oh and be prepared to not eat the rest of the day because you're going to want to eat the whole thing and you're going to struggle...

FYI - it is a little more expensive as far as truck food goes but definitely worth the moolah.
Fondly recognized in my office as Smoke Cart. It's one of the favourite lunch meals during the weekday. 

Disclaimer: if you want a choice of food,this isn't a place for you. You have to reach this place around noon, stand in line and take your box and enjoy your meal..

However, I'd highly recommend this place as he knows what he is feeding you. He is extremely engrossed in cooking and serves ABSOLUTELY DELICIOUS meal. He knows what he is doing and pours his heart into creating every box.

And hold on, the ingredients arent same everyday. Every time I visit, the ingredients have changed but still never disappoints

What's constant?
The chicken - he cooks the chicken right in front of you and the aroma will pull you from a block away. I've been here at least 4 times and the I've always for texture of the chicken perfect. Its always well cooked and soft to eat.

The Secret Sauce: I never dared to ask what this sauce is made up of, coz it brings the entire dish together irrespective of the combination of ingredients used.

Grapes: (Seriously?? Grapes in Chicken over Rice?) Yessss. You'll always find some grapes and it adds a surprise sweetness to the meal.

What can you expect in addition to constants?
1) falafels
2) brussel sprouts
3) Avacados
4) Asparagus
5) Tomatoes
6) Blackberries
(Could be any combination)

Which one was my favorite?
Couple of times, he included roasted long peppers which brought in a spicy kick to the meal which was my favorite. Everytime I go here, I always hope you get these peppers.

Hope you enjoy this!
Recently stumbled across this food truck while walking to Trader Joes. The first thing that caught my attention was the delicious smell of grilled chicken, and then I saw it... The long loooong line. With no posted menu, I did a quick yelp search to find out that this is the Octopus Falafel truck, and that all reviews said to get there early, so I decided to return another day.

When I came back, I made sure to get there by noon, and was still 16th in line. It took me a full hour to finally get my food. All the other reviews are correct, you don't ask the owner what's on the menu. You just smile & pay him happily, otherwise he begins bitching about you, to you, while everyone else in line just smirks in humor.

What I received on that day was grilled chicken (had good flavor, but was dry), falafel (Mama's Vegetarian's are WAY better), a warm pasta salad (eh, might've been better cold), hummus, and a 'dessert' salad which was some sort of orange cream cheese concoction, also served warm (gross).

It seems like this place is hit or miss in what you get. If you must try this place, make sure to get there early. Although my overall thought is to skip it, as you can get better food much quicker elsewhere.
Asked me to pull out my "computer" to write this review. Let's just start off with the fact that I've only heard about the infamous falafel nazi from my coworker two weeks ago. So I was shocked to see that my coworker remembered that we had planned to go. So we went. Upon arriving to the cart you see a man dressed much like an iron chef sautéing, searing,and or grilling chicken. Which he's pairs off with a side, you don't know what the fuck he's serving you. You just smile and hand him your $10 bill and he hands you a platter that weighs as much as a newborn baby. If you're lucky he might ask that you photograph him, some might feel creeped out, I personally felt flattered. I walked back to the office with my coworkers just mesmerized by the idea of paying a man, in a truck, with an iron chef outfit serving me chicken, and some mysterious side. As I sat at my desk and ate my food I couldn't help but smile because this was the most fucking delicious lunch I have ever had. 


Literally ever.
This is 138% the best food truck in Philadelphia. It is seriously worth the wait, and for those of you who work in center city--I'm incredibly jealous. I also had no idea it had a name until today! I usually just sniff it out. You seriously can smell it from like three blocks away. And that alone is impressive considering it cuts through the gross mashed potato smell of the city.

This is one of those, hand over $10 and get whatever is given to you type places. It's never bad, portions are always huge and it's just perfection in a styrofoam container. You get rice, amazingly tasty grilled chicken, falafel and whatever side dish of the day is. The man serving the food will ramble to any guest that comes up, and sometimes will give soup out on a cold day to wet your appetite.

I'm always so jealous of my boyfriend whenever he sends me pics of this delicious food. And most likely hold a grudge for about a day until he brings me leftovers.

Only complaint is please be around on weekends!!! I need your delicious food.
3.5.  Just a block from work, I passed this place many times.  Never stood in line for it, because there was always a line (I know, backwards thinking).. Anyway, so I finally stood in line 8 deep and got my vegetarian equivalent of an omakase - as the chef likes it.  There's no menu, or prices.  You just either order the regular or the vegetarian version, and it's $10.00 no matter what.

Anyway, I really thought it would be overrated, but it wasn't. The salad had bits of fresh fig which were delicious.  And bits of orange colored pasta for presentation, which was appreciated.  The falafel was garlicky and flaky.  Yes, they are very different from your regular falafel - wholesome and sturdy -  and they aren't necessary any better than Mama's Vegetarian, but they are good in their own right.

The BF will try the chicken one later, so I'll update accordingly.



I'd go back.
It's been 10 years since I last reviewed this food cart. This is the cart with no name, menu, or prices. The food is just as great and the owner looks the same as he did back then, perhaps a testament to eating the great food he's been making. Whatever his fountain of youth secrets are, I can tell you that he's still producing the same quality chicken and falafel meals since he first started... and at the same price! For just $10, my meal today included juicy kale, brussel sprouts, carrots, broccoli, red peppers, green peppers, two kinds of rice (rice marinated in chicken broth, rice mixed with avocado). The chicken is grilled to perfection. It's got that smoky charcoal grilled flavor that you can smell a block away. Sure, you can get chicken and falafel meals for half the price from all the generic falafel trucks all around the city, but they will be basic meat and rice meals, not with delicious grilled vegetables. My most recent meal (without the fruit) weighed in at 2 pounds, 9 ounces (a second meal weighed a more modest 1 pound, 13 ounces, which is still huge for a food truck meal), which is a huge amount of food for the price. The food is jam packed into the contained. Every time you go, there will be a different assortment of veggies and fruit with your meal. Sometimes the fruit will be an apple, a banana, pineapple, or something else. This is the best kept secret in the city. If you have a chance to get a meal here, please do so and tell him I recommended you.
Enormous platter for 10$. You get so much food. The food is really good, packed with flavor. I ate there twice, I didn't order anything specific I just accepted what he gave me and I had no complaints either time. I had chicken, hummus, bread, a chickpea dish and an orange.

The man loves to talk as he cooks, he's very friendly with a big personality.

The line is long, there is so much smoke coming off the truck that as you wait in line your clothes will smell like this smoke all day. 

The line takes a good half hour at least, but worth the wait!
This man makes an amazing falafel with only the barest of essentials in his lil falafel truck. He's lost a star since he keeps upping the prices, and also runs out of food crazy fast, and the line is the bane of my existence (often taking up a good - but worth it - 1/2 hour of my lunch). But I am happy to keep going back and greatful he's always there.
When visiting Philly, my sister said, "You have to try this food truck. You just pay this guy $10 and he makes you food. There's no menu, but it's SO good!!" I was totally confused, but intrigued by this. We ended up going two times! This food truck is quite an experience. The man is the only cook and food is made to order. You can watch him cook as you're waiting in line. When I got the food, I was surprised how heavy the box was. It's packed with fresh fruit, veggies, rice, falafel, and chicken covered in this light, creamy sauce. The falafel is homemade. Overall, it's light and heavy at the same time. 

If I visit Philly again, the Octopus Falafel Truck will be a must on my list!
Today "Mama's Vegetarian" is closed for the Jewish holidays. I was always thinking to try the Falafel Truck since I heard alot about it on Yelp. Despite the raining day I went there and to my surprise there is a line under the rain! I think the line is another way to distinguish this truck because it has no name, kinda a truck on the road similar to a hole in the wall type bars.

If it is your 1st time here please listen carefully to what I will say:-

1. Location NE Corner 20th and Market St, you have to walk a bit on the 20th st towards JFK to find it. No Signs just a truck and always people in long line infront of it so be prepared to wait.
2. No Menu either, you will never know the price or what to order unless you reach the truck, no need to order either the chef will just give you the only one dish he has on the day.
3. If you are allergic to garlic this place is not for you, he is using alot of garlic!
4. The platter contains (Garlic well  grilled Chicken, Flalafel balls and other things/sauces depend on the mode of the chef on that day) I got some green hummus I think and other veggie thing I couldn't identify but it taste delicious and even some fruits all covered with tomato sauce and above it Chicken and Falafel. some white peta and bread.
5. DO NOT ASK what is on your platter, this is considered a very rude behavior by the Chef and he will go defensive about his food, how expensive it cost him to make it, how cheap is it sold to you, and how much efforts he made to make it, and you will not be hungry the rest of your day because this is "more than enough" food. I am allergic to spices and I asked him innocently if the sauce is spicy, the chef went nuts on me gave me a lecture under the rain about his food, I tried to explain to him this is my 1st time to his truck but he get more mad every time I reply to him, looking at the people behind me waiting on the rain I decided to cut it short smiled thanked him and decided to move but he kept urging me to carry his food very carefully and with more passion! telling me again this is Expansive food I will never find it with $10 price on any restaurant on Philly! I giggled trying to move away from this crazy chef to avoid more arguments.
6. The truth is the food is delicious. Falafel is very tasty and grilled chicken is fresh and awesome, $10 is OK price for that but the behavior of the chef is ridiculous.
I am a groupie. He is amazing. I am sad that I got to have his dish only once. Now all construction on market I can't find him!!

His chicken is the most tender and smoky I've ever had. Side dishes are creative and awesome too. 
I hope he is back soon.
The food is good... Is that the reason for the long line? No. Be prepared to wait as the chef serves food at a snails pace, accumulating up to 20+ young professionals all standing in single file.  Besides having to wait in line onwards to up to 40 minutes, you have to wait another 10 minutes as he selfishly rants about how fresh and "quality" the food is. It would be one thing if you could eject yourself from his one sided conversation, however he strategically holds your food at ransom until he gets tired of reciting the same repetitive catch phrase, "quality". 

Beware of this octopus and the appearance of quality.  The long lines induced by shear slowness and the rumbling rants of "quality" are a ploy to make you think you are getting more than what you are actually getting, mediocre cart food.
Finally had the chance to check out the infamous "falafel cart Nazi" at 20th and Market. What an experience!

If you're not familiar, this guy has been in this area for close to 10 years, maybe longer, and he has a reputation for making high end restaurant quality meals with whatever he's got in the cart that day. There's no menu. No alterations, unless you want all veg. No bag. No utensils. Just the ridiculous meal (about 2 lbs. of food), all for $10.

Today, he had fresh made turmeric semolina pasta in a slightly sweet and spicy sauce that I can't quite pinpoint is the base, with freshly grilled chicken, the most perfect falafel, grilled peach, strawberries, grapes, and sprouts / micro greens.

The balance of flavors and textures from the platter blew me away. The sweetness from the sauce and fruits on the front end is brought back a bit when the spices from the falafel and chicken and the smokiness from the charred bits from the grilled chicken and peach kick in.

What a meal (honestly, two meals), for $10!

Also, if you plan on checking out his cart make sure you have a little extra time because there will be a line, and he only makes one platter per person at a time.
This is the same as the "Falafel Cart" reviews - same guy on 20 & Market.
Line down the block.

You get what you get - and it's usually good - but I like Mama's better,
Meanwhile, people LOVE this cart.
Delicious and mysterious.  I don't know what everything in my platter was (grilled chicken, falafel balls, and other things/sauces I couldn't identify) but the variety of textures and flavours was a revelation.  Everything tastes good, fresh.  Certain things were my favourites, but I have no idea what they were.  You just get a bit of whatever he's made for that day.  A box of mysterious food cost $10.

Be prepared to wait, as there's usually a long line-up.

The cook is chatty, opinionated and enthusiastic.  He's obviously passionate about his food.  Now I am too!
I have been sick for over a week. Can't smell anything. I'm on my way to pick up lunch somewhere else, when suddenly I can smell --and oh, what a smell! Have I forgotten how good food smells? Perhaps, but I know food pretty well, and this is the smell of really good food. Charcoal grilled chicken, to be precise. I see smoke and steam billowing out of a small food truck across the street, so I go investigate.

I find a tidy culinary display: a pineapple, large tins of Greek olive oil, and lots of garlic heads spread about the counter. No menu. A middle-aged man donning a chef's outfit is busy shifting around the chicken on the grill, sliding his lips and cheeks around his teeth as he focuses on his craft. A few others have stood back and seem to be awaiting their food; I join them. I watch the chef meticulously construct a lunch arrangement in a standard styrofoam container for the next patron, who hands him $10 and nods in appreciation for what he has just been given. I begin to approach the counter myself and am greeted by a thickly accented voice: "Stay right there, I'm gonna make you what you want, ok?" Ok.

In due time, my share of this master's creation is ready. We exchange some only half-understood remarks about fresh food and which college I go to (I look quite young) before he hands me my meal, and then I'm off. I work a few blocks away, so I can't help but sneak a peak under the hood. Therein I find: the perfectly carbon-speckled chicken that had originally caught my nose; a heaping of hollow noodles doused in a spicy tomato-based sauce; scattered green grapes and grape tomatoes of peak ripeness; the freshest falafel I have ever seen, smothered in a green peppery-looking sauce; and a bright garnish of watercress. Today is a stunningly beautiful sunny affair, so I giddily scamper to outdoor seating and take in the delectable dish I have so luckily found. Life is good, no great, right now.

Tl;dr: Food's real good.
Finally I had the chance to visit this famous food truck. It is on 20 and Ludlow. I arrived there around 2 PM and there was a line, probably 5 people ahead of me. As I was getting closer, I could see how the marinated chicken was grilled and the green and yellow peppers were charred on a charcoal grill. The smell made me hungry and salivating. He finished the dish with a sauce and garnish. It's worth the wait because everything is cooked fresh. Definitely an inexpensive tasty meal for $10. The whole container is fully packed. Cash only. There's no menu so every day the dish is different. 

Chicken is perfectly flavored and cooked. You can taste the smokiness from the charred peppers. The sauce blends everything together. 

The falafel isn't dry and full of flavor. 
I recommend bringing utensils and plastic bag.

There's no name on the food truck but you can easily recognize it from the long line and the flower in a pot and dried flowers on the side of the truck.

He's super friendly and prideful of the quality of the food. He even encouraged me to review in Yelp.
I Finally chased down this falafel truck today to see what the hype is all about ! I do not work in the area, have previously tried to look for this truck but with no luck. The hype is real. I really wanted to try his falafel but it was not today's menu . We arrived at about 1:30pm today and the wait was about 20 minutes and I can see why. He prepares his meals one box at a time, so each box is made with TLC! We had risotto, grilled chicken, asparagus, peaches, and blackberries !!! It was a solid meal and well worth the chase!! The meal was 10$! You have to bring your own utensils!
THIS TRUCK IS NOT CLOSED!!! I don't know why Yelp is reporting the truck as closed but it is absolutely not closed I was there two days ago and it was as delicious as ever.

For first timers: just wait in line, you don't need to tell him what you want, he will take care of you.  Just nod your head in agreement with whatever he is saying.  $10 gets you a HUGE amount of food.  I am obsessed with the falafel.  It is perfectly crispy!

The man working this truck is wonderful.  During the cold months he hands out cups of hot soup to customers waiting in line.
Those who do not appreciate "Quality Food" need not apply!  The lines can be long, however the daily offering is well worth the sacrifice. Best lunch in Philadelphia.
From first glance it is easy to tell that this isn't your average food truck.  The seasonal flowers and fresh fruit and produce are not traditional food truck decor, but the charcoal grill is the best marketing tool he has.  You can smell the grill from blocks away.    It was the grill smoke that first brought me to this food truck.   There menu is made up of one option...  The lunch always includes grilled chicken and falafel.  Both are cooked very well but you must LOVE garlic to eat here.  The chicken is sprinkled with dry garlic and the falafel has garlic inside of it.   There is usually some sort of salad or rice that accompanies the falafel and chicken.   The menu changes constantly but if you look at the ingredients he has on display you can sometimes predict what will be on the menu in the coming days.   Overall the food is very good and you would never guess it was whipped up in a food truck.  

As you may of heard, the food is only half the experience.  The cook is quite the character and has many pet peeves.   He doesn't like too many questions, special orders, or people circling or investigating the truck.  It's best to get in line, pay, and say thank you and leave.  No questions no fuss!  Any question can quickly lead to a lecture on the quality of what he is preparing.  Some people don't know how to handle his enthusiasm and appear to be annoyed or offended when he goes off on a tangent.  Simply agree, smile, pay, and enjoy!
Hands down the best falafel in the city. Not only is it amazingly good but you get enough food for almost 2 meals and it's all for just $10.(this price has been stable for some time but it can vary. Safe bet would be to hand him a $20)  There's no ordering so you line up, receive your container, and pay but I've never had a bad experience from whatever he decided to dish up for the day. However, be warned, you will smell like char grilled chicken and garlic for the rest of the day. It's a small price to pay for this awesome food.

The only negative thing I'll say about this truck is that you should expect to wait.  He does not rush his food and if there are 10 people in line a 30+ minute wait is not out of the question. I've timed him at about 3-4 minutes an order.
Way too expensive for cart food, the guy is sometimes annoying and hard to understand, it stinks the whole block up with garlic smell, you have no idea what he's putting in your platter or sandwich, the line moves slower than a glacier, and it's the best food in the city. Someone once asked me since I love it so much if it would be my death row meal and my reply was if I'm on death row it's probably because I killed someone for standing between me and this falafel.
A slice of pizza is lunch.  A hoagie is lunch.  Falafel from Supercart is a force of nature, a tsunami cleverly disguised as ground up, deep fried chickpeas.  

As such, eating here is not to be undertaken lightly.  Set aside about half an hour to wait in line, half an hour to eat, and a week or so to recover.  

You can order either a sandwich or the platter, though the sandwich is just a platter wrapped in pita.  The exact contents of either is best left unknown, but always seems to involve falafel and chicken, along with some sort of starch.  On separate occasions I've gotten rice, bowtie macaroni and what I believe (without evidence) was couscous.  To top it off there's generally some sort of vegetable, sauce, spices and a few pieces of fruit thrown in.   

One last note, don't eat more than one a month.  A fellow I know did, and he hasn't been quite the same ever since.
CN = chicken nazi

CN really delivered (not literally) last week, although I had to walk through a monsoon to stand in the forever-long and slow line.  It was totally worth getting soaked to the gills (or panty liner, take your pick) to experience a super delicious lunch.  There was a cornucopia of savory goodness ranging from figs, heirloom tomatoes, blueberries, chick peas, along with the usual scrumptious hummus, falafel with its fried crunchy shell, two kinds of pasta and smoked grilled chicken.  

To say it was a feast was an understatement.  Figs, I say, figs!   Are we mere mortals deserving of figs, not one but TWO figs?  My lunch was an orgasmic culinary feast of epic proportions, easily enough food for a full day's meals only to be devoured/slurped up/inhaled in 20 minutes time because one simply cannot stop with the first bite.  I did, however, exercise some decorum and refrained from tearing apart the styrofoam container to lick it clean.  But for the slight matter of the heirloom tomatoes being a tad sour, all was easily forgiven because of CN's generosity with my favorite item, his supercalifragalistic hummus!  CN's hummus was spread generously over everything, and each ingredient strategically arranged to present a picture perfect vision of his platter, as if the taste didn't matter.  His hummus was so good that it would easily be categorized as an aphrodisiac to be savored however one's creativity may lead them astray.  The sweetness of the succulent berries coupled with his very spreadable hummus - who needs cherries, strawberries or whipped cream anyway? 
 
CN's food is not a case of "absence makes the heart grow fonder" but more like agreeing to be someone's love slave at the mere taste of this delectable dish.  It's so damn crazy good that this meal should not be eaten with anyone who will take advantage of one's weakened state of mind lest they succumb to demands they would normally never agree to.  Addiction to drugs?  Never!  Addiction to gambling?  Never!   Addiction to CN?  I am your love slave, Master!

Crazy CN fool....making me rant on like a lovesick pup!  I blame the figs.
This falafel is much less chickpeas than it is garlic and parsley.  It's very strong in flavor, so if you're used to traditional falafel - or don't like garlic, be warned.  I loved it!  Also be warned that this is a prix fix meal:  $10 gets you the street food equivalent of omakase.

My falafel platter came with two sides, couscous, chicken and pita.  The char-broiled chicken is well-seasoned and juicy, with that smoky, grilled flavor.  The yummy, lick-your-fingers bird juices mixed well with the lemony and sweet sauces used in the platter (tamarind?) and created a perfect dressing for the wilted lettuce chiffonade.  The sides were a sweet corn and cabbage relish and grapes with apples in a spiced apple purée.  I think I detected a hint of anise in the apple mixture.  Nice touch!  The orange couscous was fluffy and flavorful, absorbing all the tasty flavors in the platter.

After eating my fill, I used some of the pita to sop up the liquids, but was just too full to eat bread, so I tilted the styrofoam container and poured the remaining juices into my mouth.

This man wears a chef's coat.  He boasts that he has cooked in many famous and expensive restaurants around the globe.  He claims that you cannot find better or fresher ingredients in a restaurant.  True or not he knows how to combine flavors and textures expertly.  This was an experience to savor.
For $10 you get lots of food, don't request anything or try to make changes to your meal though, he makes what he is making, and that's what your getting.
Food options change frequently.  Line is long and he cooks each serving individually so get there early.
I decided to venture down to center City to meet up with my husband for lunch.  I've been here a couple of time before and never once have I ever been disappointed. There's really no menu. It's whatever the chef wants to cook that day and so that's what you're going to get. However, you do have an option for Veg or NonVeg. I got to the place around 12:15pm and waited for about 15 mins until I got to the front of the line.  I had the veg option. Today it was  falafel and noodle  over tomato sauce along with some cabbage. I thought the falafel was phenomenal. It was crispy and not too overwhelming with herbs. My husband had the non veg option. It was pretty much the same as mine, but his also came with grill chicken. Each meal cost $10, which I think it's a reasonable price for lunch. You'll definitely will get full from it. Oh the down side to this place is, it's a BYOU (bring your own utensils). Lol. Other than that, this place is worth the long wait.
The wait is long, the cook is crazy, but the food is delicious!

At $9 - $10 a box (no menu, no price until you've ordered), you will get some flavorful grilled chicken (cut right before it's boxed), some delicious hummus, three balls of the best and freshest falafel anywhere, and some type of grain and whatever else Crazy Cook decides to make that day.  You can tell the food is fresh, and there is usually a nice balance of flavors - something sweet, something savory, maybe a spicy sauce, and a pinch of organic chervil.  Crazy Cook gets inventive with his food, so you might find fresh blueberries plopped into your hummus, or a pear salad next to your falafel, or some spicy sauce that perfectly complements the chicken.  He also adds whatever bread is available that day (baguette, roll, pita), so it's a lot of food to devour.

But be warned, Crazy Cook is well, crazy.  Don't get him started on the quality of his food ($200 for the olive oil alone!), don't circle around the cart looking non-committal ("get out of here and go to the halal food across the street") and do not ask him to modify your order.  The apprehensive customer ahead of me asked to only get the chicken and Crazy Cook basically chewed him out, yelled about how expensive his food is, and how if the customer didn't have any allergies, he should try everything.  Then after he reluctantly bagged up a few pieces of chicken on top of a pita for that customer, Crazy Cook basically told him to get lost.  Oh yeah, Crazy Cook is also kind of racist.

So if the above scenario doesn't deter you and you're willing to just smile and nod (and pretend to know what the hell he's saying) for a really great (and ever-changing) mediterranean platter, definitely check this place out.  You'll at least have a delicious lunch and a story to tell your friends afterwards.
I had not been to smoke truck for a while, but after seeing my coworker's dish last week, I knew I had to stop by again. And as usual, I was not disappointed. 

Today's selection contained apples and bean sprouts with a spicy sauce. Very savory with a hint of sweetness. The chicken and falafel were also delicious as expected. 

And not only is everything fresh and tasty, you will have enough food to graze the entire afternoon. Fair warning: this is not the lunch for you if you plan on going out for a big dinner.

I also like the new location... There is a little nook in the nearby building that covers you from rain. It also gives you a great view of all the people who stop at the cart to ask questions and are clearly not in the know. Definitely adds a little entertainment value to the wait.
Gus is back today from taking a few weeks off.  He got all new equipment and a fryer for his cart and he now has an assistant to help him out.  I got there at 11:35 today with one person in front of me and had my food within a couple of minutes.  Its definitely a lot faster now with the assistant.
If you want to know what culinary wizardry can be achieved by a man and his food cart, you have come to the right place. You don't order, per say, you just trust Gus (the affable chef behind the counter) and graciously accept the bounty he presents you with. $10 for a heaping bowl (read: at least two portions, even for the hungriest of people) of char grilled chicken, perfectly spiced falafel, and a bulgur/pasta salad adorned with a ton of fresh veggies, fruits, herbs, and sauces. After one bite, everything you thought street food could (and should) be is immediately erased only to be replaced with something better. Truly a transcendent bowl of food. Worth the wait, surpasses the hype, and definitely makes you smile.
Crazy falafel dude!  Nomnomnom... nom.  nom.

How does a food cart take at minimum 5 minutes per person, have no menu, show up whenever he wants, and still have 30 person lines in both freezing and boiling hot weather??  Last time I went, it was 38F with 18mph winds constantly, yet the line was still wrapped around the corner.  He did give out some free creamy tomato soup to warm everyone up, which was nice of him.  The menu is whatever he feels like giving you and it'll always be $10.  You tend not to ask for special orders because he just sorta stares at you, incredulous, and you feel like he's going to Soup Nazi you out of line forever.  You'll generally receive a plate which contains freshly charcoal grilled chicken, three falafels, hummus, a starchy product, a salad product, and maybe a drink whenever he feels like giving you one.  There's no avoiding the line so hopefully you get a long lunch break.  Sadly, he's unavailable on the weekends so I can't gorge myself full-time.  Obviously, this 5 star review is so much different than the other hundred 5 star reviews this guy gets so that means his cart isn't good at all.  That's how this works, right?  

Don't go to this cart, because I don't want to line up behind even more people :)  Cheers.
The days that I get to go to the falafel truck at lunch always feels so special. I've never waited in line less than 45 minutes, so I can only make the trip on days that I know I have plenty of free time for lunch. It's quite an experience and the food is amazing. I'll just reiterate some of what others have already said... the cook is a real character so the experience can be intimidating if you don't know what to do. 

The truck is located on the Northeast corner of 20th and Market, next to an empty lot. You'll recognize the truck because it will have a long line, smoke pouring out of the top, and decorations on the front of the truck including plants and garlic. The truck wasn't there the first few times I tried to go, so I'm not sure if he goes on vacation at some point. Also keep in mind that even if the line doesn't look that long, it takes a lot of time; maybe 5 minutes per person that's in front of you. 

While you wait in line, he will offer you a cup of delicious soup that you should take and enjoy. I don't know exactly what it is, but it tastes like pumpkin or some other type of squash. Once you get to the front of the line, you don't need to order. You just take what he gives you and pay $10. You usually get hummus, falafel, chicken, two side items like rice or grains or vegetables, fruit, a piece of bread or pita, and a drink of the cook's choosing. It's an unbelievable amount of food for $10, and it's all amazing! I wish I knew what the chicken is marinated in, because it's truly the best chicken I've ever had. The hummus is especially good too. It's really creamy. I normally eat half of it at lunch and put the rest in the fridge... and then go back to it around 4 PM because I can't resist it. And you'll smell like garlic for the rest of the day, so it's a constant reminder that delicious leftovers are waiting for you. 

The cook is actually friendly, as long as you don't question the food. He'll usually make some light conversation and talk a lot about the quality of the food. Just listen, smile, and agree and you'll be ok.
My office building is right off of 20th and Market so this is the perfect lunch spot for me.

Like others before me have stated, the wait can be long, but I usually get around that by opting for a later lunch on days that I choose to eat from the Falafel truck. 1:00 is usually perfect. 

Some people are offended by Konstadinos' rules, but really, I appreciate them. The fact that there isn't a menu is exciting! I like not knowing exactly what I'm going to get... but maybe I'm more adventurous than some people. Really, though, it's not even like he switches things up that much... He just tweaks the details a bit. The chicken is always on the platter, there is always falafel, and there is always hummus. The dessert salad and the chickpea salad/rice/whatever is all that really changes.

And I also appreciate that he doesn't let you hold a spot for someone or order more than one platter. He realizes that most of his clientele are working folks that are on tight schedules. 

If you're lucky, you might catch him on a good day and he'll throw in a free drink. It's only happened to me once or twice, but still, a nice little perk. And if it happens to be cold out/rainy out, he sometimes offers soup while you wait! 

As far as comparing him to Mama's, I do enjoy Mama's, but the Falafel truck takes the cake in my opinion.

It's $10 well spent, especially since I usually get two meals out of it. Just be prepared for some serious lingering garlic breath!
Last Monday I jogged up the stairs out of the 19th and Market green line station and was basically punched in the face by the amazing smells coming from this food truck more than a block away. I'd eaten at the Falafel truck before so as soon as the incredible aromas of grilled marinated chicken hit my nose I knew what I was going to be chowing down on that day.

The food at this truck is amazing. While the meal varies quite a bit from day today, there are a few things you can generally count on: a portion of delicious hummus, some really good falafel, a pita or roll, a generous helping of some of the best grilled, marinated chicken that I've ever tasted, and two other items. One of the two is usually some sort of risotto or pasta in sauce (which is always good). The other is often a sauce or fruit item. 

Recently, the chef has also been handing out cups of soup to people as they wait in line (different soups every day) and a bottle of Perrier with the meal. He does not list a price but generally charges $10, which is well worth it for an enormous and tasty meal that should last all day.


It's also worth noting that the comments about the guy who runs this truck are not exaggerated. He is a real character and likes to go on and on about how high quality his food is, how difficult it is to get quality ingredients, etc. He wants to know if you like quality food and if you are willing to pay for quality. Quality quality quality. Quality. At first I found this a little off-putting but now I find it an endearing feature of the experience. He clearly cares a lot about what he does and as long as you don't take the conversation too seriously it'll be fine. 


My one MAJOR caveat for this place is do NOT try to eat here if you are very particular about your food. He gives you what he gives you and isn't going to be making anything specific to your tastes. It's also very hard to predict how spicy his food will be -- usually it's relatively mild but occasionally it can get quite hot. I wouldn't count on being able to get a description before getting served, so only venture here if you are fairly flexible about the flavor profile of what you are getting. I also might suggest shying away if you have food allergies. 

That said, if you can get past this you are in for a really flavorful meal at a good value!
Fantastic find... Soup Nazi best describes this man... he is definitely passionate about his food art and will not sway from his way. Every ingredient in the meal is fresh. Also do note that this a "get what you get" place. There is only one item on be menu each day,and the item changes everyday, the only consistency with this place is that it serves Grilled Chicken and falafel everytime. Expect a long wait, got there at 12:30p and didn't get food until 1:20p. But while waiting in line , got to chatting with some regulars and the food is said to be fantastic everyday. 

Happy Eatings! CASH ONLY spot and bring your own fork. Oddly they don't provide utensils nor napkins just a styrofoam box and the food inside of it
PROBABLY ONE OF THE BEST MIDDLE EASTERN / MEDITERRANEAN FOODS!
HE JUST PILES IT ON AND IT'S JUST AMAZING! THE MAN KNOWS HOW TO WORK A CART!

TIP:
+ You do not get to choose what you get. Only one item on the menu and it's always a little different from the last time.
+ Long wait so get there early or later during lunch time.
+ Used to be $5 now it's $10 i believe.
+ One order per person.
+ Cash only
+ He's a warm friendly guy so have a conversation with him while he prepares your order.
+ You will smell like the food you ate for the next day or two but it's worth it!
+ You will have food coma if you attempt to eat it all in one sitting.
+ He's got piles of garlic and flowers on his cart which is cool.
+ You can smell his food cart from a block away.
You kind of have to plan ahead for this meal...but my little friends, it's worth the wait!  Start with the smoke about 3 blocks away, depending on the wind, and then the charcoal smell as you get closer.  And then, the dreaded line as you turn the corner...but again, good thing comes to those that waits...and waits...and waits...Just find a new friend with the girl in front of you or the dude behind you...deliciousness is coming...
Best falafel and chicken in the city!  The wait can be long, but the food is definitely worth it.  Best advice is to get there around 11:45 to be one of the first in line.  Cash only $10 per plate, one per person, and you get whatever Gus gives you.  Also, he no longer gives out forks so be prepared.  He was out of commission the last few weeks for cart repairs, but is back in action today.
The best food truck in Philadelphia. .. Just be patient if you want great lunch.  It worth the wait and the price. ..
Chicken was awesome! Loved the char and the garlic marinade. I can't say the same for the rest of the meal! Rice was cold but flavorful and probably would have tasted better if it was warm and dryer. The hummus was average and the falafel was just awful. I'm Arab so I know my fair share of felafel. This was not even acceptable in my standards for America! Everything was fresh though which is why I gave it a 3 + epic chicken. Not worth the wait and the possible risk of being yelled at. Too much hype for just the experience.

PS: if you want real falafel and epic hummus, walk down the street to Mama's.
Holy cow is all I can say. I've been to the falafel guy a few times now and it has always been out of this world! His food is insanely delicious and you can smell it a few blocks away! 
He maybe a little like the soup nazi but he's a one man show making magic inside that little silver cart! I don't know how he does it but I highly recommend checking him out at least once in your life. It's absolutely worth the wait and you get so much food for $10!!! You won't be disappointed!
I had worked in CC for 4 years or so before trying this guy.  There was a lot of hype around him, but I had never been.  I'm used to spending $5 for lunch plus I'm not really one for the gimmicky stuff (soup nazi-ishness, music, garlic, plants, etc) so I had my doubts. 

I was AMAZED.  The food is absolutely spectacular.  I'm not sure what half of the stuff is, but it's unbelievably good.

FYI, the last time I went a couple weeks ago, the guy said this was his first day back in like 4 months.  He supposedly also owns a restaurant (which I'd love to know about) and it was being remodeled.

EDIT: I ate there again 5/21/10 and found he had raised his prices to $13 per platter.  A $3 INCREASE!  How a 30% increase in price is reasonable, I have no idea.  I'm no longer in the city for work, but even if I was, I can't justify paying that much anymore.  $10 - only a few bucks more than a deli hoagie - is one thing, but 2+ times as much as a normal lunch?  Hearing his "QUALITY! QUALITY!" rants when his prices were justifiable was one thing, but hearing that sh*t now is like a rapist whispering sweet nothings into your ear.
Inflation is hitting the falafel guy hard - his prices increased 20% from $8.00 in 2012 to $10.00 in 2013.  Sometimes I think there's a fine line between genius and insanity.  Our Philadelphia falafel truck owner, Konstantinos, is definitely is quite bright and an excellent cook.  I met the falafel guy (I did not ask him his name my first time there) and I think it's safe to say I liked him instantly.  I like hard-working self-employed immigrants. He was blasting good 80's music from his satellite radio.  This guy has no inhibitions or hangups interacting with his customers despite his social oddities.  I love it.  I had to try this place myself after having the food compared to my much beloved Hined and Nabil at the King of Falafel cart located at 16th and JFK.  If I am going to eat out, I like to order food that I would not be able to cook at home myself.  This guy fits the bill perfectly.  I think he has a charcoal grill running in his truck.  I could smell it from a block or two away.  I had some kind of grilled chicken and fig dish that had a wonderful flavor.  His hummus was really good with a sweet taste to it.  He had fresh alfalfa sprouts that went great in the large platter.  I think his falafel tastes really good, but it is too greasy for my tastes for regular consumption.  I had enough food for 2 people, but I ate it all.  It was so good.  Konstantinos said he could be working at a restaurant in New York City, but he loves doing his own thing.  He takes 1 order at a time and interacts with you while cooking.  He joked with me calling me "Mr. Professional Professional" by the the time my food was done.  He proudly says he says he uses "quality food; quality ingredients" and I believe him.  He takes his work seriously, serving 1 quality dish per day.  I have now visited twice and it seems to be consistently good.  As long as you're prepared to wait in line for awhile, you'll have a deliciously spiced, though slightly greasy meal with fresh vegetables, falafel and meat.  Who could ask for more?
There was a time not too long ago where I said the F. Nazi served the best falafel in the city. However, the last couple of times left me disappointed and confused.  
Before, I didn't mind paying $10, sitting thru his bragadocious behavior, and waiting in line for half an hour since his food was so delicious.  Instead of getting tender grilled chicken with rosemary and perfectly fried falafel, I've been getting dry chicken and burnt falafel with purple goop sauce over withered lettuce.
Instead, head over to Mama's for a better foodie experience.
Def a FALAFEL NAZI... - No Menus, No (set) Prices, No Common Sense... But Food is Delicious! 
I got volunteered to pay for my friend when he asked guy about the price, but at-least he was nice about it : )    tip: don't pull out your money before he calls the price...
Gus is awesome. Pleasant individual and even greater chef. I have been coming to this truck for years and the quality and consistency of his food is always top notch. He switches different aspects of his platter every day and I have thoroughly enjoyed my meal each time. I would highly recommend checking out this truck if you want an introduction to great Mediterranean food.
This man is an artist! Just watch how intensely he cooks... You know when you serve one thing and people line up for it, its good!!! Its falafel and chicken. Always. He mixes up the sides though. He does grapes, different grains(rice, cous cous, etc), salad, chick peas, hummus.... its always different. You don't tell him what you want, he just serves you what he is making, and you deal with it! Its amazing for an indecisive guy like me. Just say "sandwich or platter" he'll do the rest... i always ask for a pita with my platter and its a good amount of food. You get 2 falafel balls and a junk load of chicken, along with the sides and it's always covered with a delicious sauce...
He adorns his cart with plants and herbs and enough garlic to suggest he is trying to ward of the vampires. Seriously, its A LOT of garlic...and you can def taste it in the food. If your going to be entertaining the ladies in the evening, eat elsewhere...If not, go get a platter from this guy! When you get close to 20th and Market, look for the billowing smoke, and follow your nose! 

ps-don't think he has drinks there, and he doesn't show from time to time if the weather is wet...
Worth the wait!  

You'll likely wait at least 30min, but I've been here twice now and it's quickly become my favorite food truck in Philadelphia!  It seems that the starch, microgreens, and fruits change depending on what he can find that is of good quality, but the proteins remain the same - grilled chicken and falafel.  The sauce is a bit spicy, but the level of spice seems to vary as well.
Amazing food, passionate chef!  Excellent flavors combined to produce ultimate happiness!

Huge portions and quality food!  Everyday a new entree. 

Long line that starts forming before Noon when the cart opens!!  Worth the wait!!!  

Thank you!! Will definitely be back!!
Ditto and Tritto wehat they already said!  I usually get the (enormous) platter.
You get what you get and you don't get upset!

Mama's Falafel is good, too.  (Right down the street.)
I left Philly for good a while back and this guy has raised the bar of a good falafel soo high for me, that I dont like any falafel I have :( I'm too spoilt. 
He has the most flavorful falafels with very creative and complimenting side dishes. Enjoy you ppl in Philly!
I have wanted to try this cart for AGES and he did not disappoint. The wait was really no longer than any of the other food carts, and the food quality was KILLER. Perfectly grilled chicken, saffron rice with chickpeas and spices, wonderful falafel, amazing hummus (I'm very picky about hummus), and WATERCRESS (mmmmspicygreens). Honestly, split it with a friend. It'll be PLENTY. I couldn't finish the rice, there was so much of the rest. $10 well spent. I will be back.
This truly is the best food truck in Philadelphia. I love watching the grill master go to work as he prepares each serving completely fresh and unique every day. Hard to know exactly what he's going to provide on any given day, so those with food restrictions/allergies should be aware, but those without: you're in for a treat! The hummus built in to most of the dishes is often slightly sweet, largely from the garlic mixed in, and it fantastic! The falafels are the best in Philadelphia (yes, better than Mama's, which is great) that I have had, but it's the fresh cooked meat each day that is truly fantastic. The chicken is always tender and loaded with flavor. 

Pro tip: Cash only, and don't stand in the middle of the sidewalk or too close to the cart. You will get chastised. Otherwise, he is a very nice man!
Best food truck in Philly hands down. Don't be intimidated by the line. It's worth the wait!

The chicken is smokey and juicy with just the right amount of spices and he always gives you a huge portion. If you haven't been, go.
I escape whenever my schedule allows to venture down to this stand. It is the most novel...most absurdly delicious...most eccentric...makes my soul happy...food one can get in this city (in a city that has fantastic food all over the place).

Give yourself some time. Come with an open mind. You stand in line. And you get what he gives you. If on that day he is adding a grilled peach to his creation & you don't like grilled peaches, eat around it and go back a couple of days later. You will not be disappointed.
5-star operation from my new best Greek chef friend! Incredible lunch for a steal! I was amazed at the quality and amount of food. Very fresh and delish. This will be the only place I lunch.
