Philly has no shortage of amazing sandwiches. There are two of the more famous cheesesteak spots within two blocks of this place. That being said... come here. Just... come here. Wait... if you have dietary restrictions or want a salad, don't come here (or to Philly in general, really). The menu here is drool-worthy with items like multiple cheesesteaks, fried chicken sandwiches, burgers with mac n cheese and on pretzel buns, and an absurd amount of fries. Counter service was quick and friendly and the food will take a few minutes, but not a long wait. While you wait you can hit the lil bar of sides with some hot peppers and pickles. Get: the roast pork sandwich (ridiculous), buttermilk chicken tenders + mozz sticks (do you need a reason for this?), cheesesteak (with extra wiz), and chili lime fries. Yes, you will need to walk this meal off. No, that should not stop you from ordering several fried items (w/ cheese). Normally, I'm a sucker for a 'name' Philly eatery, but I can see myself coming to Oh Bro every time I'm in town now.

Bonus: BYOB
There is nothing negative I can say about this place.  Maybe if you're coming to Philly and want the "authentic" Philly cheesesteak experience with surly cashiers, skeevy kitchen, and sticky counters.then Oh Brother will leave you disappointed.  If you want well executed Philly cheesesteaks, burgers, french fries, or roast pork then this is your place.  From the to the clean bathroom (this matters to me), well executed sandwiches, excellent and friendly service, this is one of my favorite gems in Philly.

First off their interior is new and clean.  Lots of Philly restaurants that serve this type of food are old and grimey.  Oh Brother clearly is philosophically opposed to stereotypes by bucking this trend but does that make them the exception that proves the point?

The cheesesteaks are cut a bit thicker here and 100% ribeye but not like the classic Philly steakems texture.  And this delights me, because I like to know when I have steak in my mouth instead of some mystery meat.  Which means their steak retains juice and flavor by being a little thicker cut.  Their roll is also delightful.

But let me tell you, the Parmesian Truffle Fries ARE YOUR FRIEND.  Take these fries home, hang out with them, hold your gaze, you WILL fall in LOVE.

And sign says Police and Fire get a 15% - 20% discount.  So that's cool supporting them!
I'm delighted that I found Oh Brother through an on-the-go search of my Yelp app. It's just steps away from the historic sites in Old City, not far from Penn's Landing, and a short walk from Center City. Indeed, when I visited, it was a bit lost in the shuffle among other touristy cheesesteak shops on this stretch of Market Street, but you can stroll confidently past the lines at some of the others with a smirk on your face.

Don't hesitate to go all out and splurge here. The shroom truffle cheesesteak was absolutely indulgent and worth every penny of the $14 price. The shaved ribeye came with a truffle crème fraiche spread, grilled mushrooms, arugula, Swiss, and fried onions. Huge, meaty, and appetite-filling on its own. A freshly made order of onion rings was overkill, but still welcome after a morning full of sightseeing.

Service wavered between a younger woman who gave me the stink eye for showing up just before opening, an older woman (the owner?) who was curt but professional and efficient, and a younger dude who was absolutely courteous and welcoming. The interior was huge and offered plenty of room to distance when I stopped by; in normal times it could easily fit dozens of people. Thanks Yelpers for another great find!
Dear Oh Brother Philly,

I'm one not to throw out 5 stars here and there , but Oh Brother you guys earned it! Oh Brother Philly just made it to the top 10 spots to grab a cheesesteak in this fine city. I LOVE a great steak joint, that doesn't need the all those advertisements  that others depend on.  Oh Brother has been doing it right ever since they opened up 4 years ago here in Old City. 

What makes a great sammy? Some say it's the ingredients and prep work. Others say its the establishment  and traditions behind it. My friends it is all about that bread, the foundation behind it. That is where you start this masterpiece, and O.B.P. has it my friends.

Picture this kiddies, fresh sliced rib-eye waiting to be thrown on that grill. Perfect marbleized cut after cut of that rib-eye will give you that great flavor, perfectly seasoned with every bite. Another plus is these guys don't chop that meat up where it takes away from that flavor, it's done just right. We should all know that "just right" bite after bite.  Now that I gave you somewhat of a visual of the quality type of meat to expect , lets go a little further.

Now that I got your mind racing, and mouth salivating lets continue this with the cheese you should select for this bad ass which is Cooper Sharp my fam, Cooper Sharp for the win. Just picture that melted gooey goodness laying on the bottom of that roll.(Always skinny that bread) That beautiful ribeye sliced, and cut just right with fried onions mingling in between the meat and cheese just waiting to enhance that flavor even more. Then comes that bite, that first bite of just pure satisfaction that will have you saying I'll be getting another one! 

In all the from the presentation, that impressive menu, down to the service Oh Brother Philly should and must be a MUST stop when you're in Old City.

With love,
~Nando
Yay! I'm a fan. Everything from the friendly service to my delicious crispy chicken sandwich was great! Buttermilk chicken breast fried and topped with oh brother sauce (Oh Brother Philly's special sauce, yummy!) lettuce, pickles, and tomatoes on a brioche bun along with some fresh cut french fries was my order. 

Oh Brother Philly is the perfect spot for a quick bite or even a late night snack. Located right in the heart of downtown Philly is where you can find Oh Brother Philly. As someone who loves great food and fast service, I would def make this a stop on your list! I also heard the burgers here are even more incredible (I will be back to form an opinion on that) and not to mention the fried oreos! 

Overall, I would say come to Oh Brother Philly and try everything for yourself. Reasonable prices, great service, and tasty food! They are also open late and it's BYOB.
I think I found my new favorite cheese steak place in Philly. Oh Brother Philly definitely doesn't disappoint when it comes to cheese steaks or crispy chicken sandwiches. The sides on the other hand, I found to be just okay. Service was good. Parking was relatively easy to find along the streets nearby (metered).

The cheese steak came with a generous amount of ribeye, that was tender and had great flavor. The ribeye was cut slightly thicker than your  usual cheese steak, but I didn't mind. I topped my cheese steak with mushrooms and peppers, which were both fresh, as well as provolone cheese that was nicely melted. The Italian roll was toasted nicely, crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. 

I also tried the crispy chicken sandwich, which was also very good. Loved how the chicken breast extended beyond the brioche bun. The chicken was crispy and was battered well. On tasted hints of the Oh Brother sauce on the sandwich.

As mentioned previously, the sides were just okay. Fries and and mozzarella sticks were standard. C wasn't a fan of his mac and cheese, which was slightly runny. Needless to say, not even half of it was eaten.

If I had room, I definitely would have went for some fried oreos or even a nutella milkshake. I need to make room for these next time I'm at Oh Brother Philly!
Had the pleasure of stopping by to try some things at the new Oh Brother in Old City and was not disappointed! 

Ambiance - brand new space, we'll decorated and designed. You order at the counter and they'll bring your food out which is nice. 

Service- top notch. Got to meet the owners and they're all super friendly and extremely passionate about what they do. They were happy to chat about the menu and anything on it. 

Food- oh my lord, yum. The Mac and cheese burger is insane (yes it's served on deep fried Mac and cheese buns). The brisket sandwich and liberty burger are both delish too - house ground angus beef and house cut brisket make all the difference. The truffle fries were a tasty side, and the French onion cheesesteak is one my of favorite philly steaks to date. Finished off the meal with fried Oreos and a fried Twinkie, so what could be bad!? 

Overall- get here! This place rocks from start to finish, and isn't expensive! They're open late too, and BYOB!
Very nice and casual burger place on Market St.  Randomly found this place while walking around that part of the city and feeling hungry before heading to my next adventure.  I took a look at the menu on the outside and decided that their burger descriptions were worth a try.  

You order your food at the counter and then pick your seat.  They will bring you the food when ready.  Plenty of extra fixings including endless pickles available at the soda counter.  I ordered:
-Jalapacamole (hol-la-paka-moly) Burger
-Served with fresh chunky guacamole, sweet pickled onions, pickled 
  jalapeños, and melted Mozzarella cheese on a brioche bun.

Although it was an $11 burger I thought the size of the burger and the quality was very good.  Because I had a fairly "wet" burger with the guacamole and pickled onions, my bun fell kind of short on not getting soggy.  Besides being disappointed in the bun I thought everything else was excellent about the burger.  They did not ask how I wanted my burger cooked so I was afraid it was going to be dried out, but in the end they did a great job cooking it without it being too overdone.  

I would definitely recommend giving this place a try if you are okay paying more than usual for a burger.  When I looked around the restaurant I noticed a lot of individuals ordered the cheesesteaks over the burger, so maybe give that a try also.
Oh Brother, the food here is DELICIOUS!  I had a Cheesesteak with gruyere cheese and mushrooms.  Everything about it was perfect including the bread.  I also had their amazing truffle fries.  

The service was good and quick and the staff is also very friendly.
This might be my new favorite cheesesteak in Philly. So full of flavor and a good amount of meat in the cheesesteak itself. Great roll too. I just finished the one I got and I wish I had another :)
The French onion sandwich was so yummy. The  Shroom sandwich was good too, but a little dry. Definitely get a couple containers of that sauce to put on your sandwiches and dip your fries in.
Delicious burger and truffle fries! I was afraid it won't be as good since I ordered this for delivery - but the food was still warm and crunchy. 

I got the portobello mushroom burger (arugula, cheese, fried onions). The pairing was delicious! I added some of the truffle sauce that came separately with the fries. I do have to say the burger is very heavy with the fried onion so I could only eat half of it in one go (since I also had the fries). Good meal for a guilty day.
In philly on Christmas Day and looking for cheesesteak. This is the place for a yummy one. The meat is sliced a little thicker than Jim's on South Street, so if you like a meaty sandwich this is the place. Fries are potatoey too with a nice crisp. Grateful this place was open and a convenient location from our hotel.
I've been on a cheesesteak kick lately trying to "beef up" my top 10 list. See what I did there? 

This one is making my top 5. 

I went with Cooper Sharp and fried onions. The roll is a little small but they load up the meat. The roll was soft but just crusty enough to satisfy me. Amazing flavor to the beef. It didn't seem to need much seasoning to get that flavor. 

Here's where it falls on my list now. 

1. Angelo's 
2. John's 
3. Dalessandro's
4. Woodrow's
5. Oh Brother
6. Philip's 
7. Tony Luke's 
8. Max's 
9. Joe's
10. Jim's 

Honorable mentions: Steve's, Gooey Louie's, Ishkabibble's, Pat's
I was craving a cheesesteak while visiting the Liberty Bell and found this gem just a short distance away. There was a good line outside Sonny's and I felt bad for everyone waiting in it because little did they know, they could have walked 30 seconds and had an even better cheesesteak with a shorter line. 

My friend and I wanted to try something else besides the cheesesteak so we went with the burger which apparently they won awards for. They were a little understaffed so the food took a bit longer than usual to come out, but well worth the short wait. 

The cheesesteak was one of the best you'll find in the city. Quality meat and the ideal bun. The burger was unique and absolutely delicious as well. I definitely need to come back and try some of their other items because everything coming out of the kitchen looked amazing.
Tried this place as it was recommended by a good friend who works in Philly.  I am a die hard Sonny's fan at heart so to go anywhere else for a cheesesteak while in Philly for me is a rare event for sure.

I ordered the French Onion Cheesesteak. I sat as I waited for my order (not used to that but I noticed they make their steak meat fresh per order). It didn't take very long and the difference in the taste and texture of the meat was definitely noticeable. The carmelized onions and the cheese was definitely a change for me. The roll it was served in was also much different than the usual. This is a fresh baked flaky roll that made the entire cheesesteak a different experience altogether. 

If you're looking for a different and delicious alternative to the usual cheesesteak experience I highly recommend that you give this place a try. 

I am still a huge fan of Sonny's and this experience was definitely one worth visiting again in my travels to Philadelphia. It's a cheesesteak worthy of a repeat for a change up on occasion and they really do clearly care about the satisfaction of their customers as well!

They offer a military discount as well so bonus on that aspect too.

Kudos to this business! You have a product that has opened a different lane in the cheesesteak race of this city!
Cheese steak was really good! Everything tastes fresh. Environment was clean and staff was very friendly and accommodating.
Are their fries delicious? Yes. They offer a nice pickle and pepper bar with, gasp, lids and utensils so flies can't take their share. They have reasonable seating accommodations and you can grab a sandwich here for $8.

The food takes about fifteen minutes to prepare. If you order ahead it will be ready for you on arrival they know how to manage time well.

They also offer fried Oreos here and other cool desserts. There are both chicken and steak sandwich options on menu for those of you who prefer to skip red meat.

Service is friendly and you'll see the same PPA people hanging out here chatting with staff taking refuge from the abuse I'm sure they have to deal with.
I couldn't tel if we were in a tourist trap or not. We needed a quick bite and this was close by. The burgers are really big and I think I ate too much. We didn't try the fries, but they looked great! There were large groups coming in here all getting served pretty fast. It looked like an efficient operation.
I got the mushroom truffle burger and I didn't taste any truffle and the Funyun onions were too strong, but the mushrooms tasted great and the burger/bun/everything else was really delicious!

Order at the counter and they bring you food. They will also clear the table or you can clear your on trash. Great for groups and very casual.
Prior to our arrival this weekend my wife and I poured over yelp reviews and blog posts to determine where we would go to try a Philly cheesesteak. Pat and Geno's have terrible reviews (like the worst of all places in Philly) and we couldn't justify spending $10 on a less than mediocre sandwich. 

Then we remembered Max's from the TV show This Is Us and decided to go give that a whirl. Unfortunately we couldn't find parking for several blocks and the line was wrapped around the corner and we didn't have enough time before our first event. 

Soooo, we decided on Oh Brother which was both convenient and not terribly busy. The establishment was nice, right on Market Street and had some outdoor seating which was nice. 

Perhaps we aren't Philly cheesesteak lovers or maybe we make our homemade cheesesteaks in the "non-traditional" way with spices and seasoning, but this was nothing special in our minds. What I mean is, it wasn't terrible, but just boring. The meat had little to no flavor. However, from what I understand, this is the norm for Philly cheesesteaks. 

Pro-tip: Add the fried onions which can be added for free. 

On our sandwich we also went with the provolone cheese, as we aren't big cheese whiz fans which is the standard. 

I don't think it was anything worse than the next cheesesteak, but we probably don't need to eat a cheesesteak here again during this visit.
I've walked by Oh Brother man times, and I am glad I finally went in. The Mac n cheese heaven burger was the perfect cure for my Sunday hangover. Very fast and friendly service accompanied by an open and relaxed dinning area. Looking forward to bringing some beers in and eating with out of town friends in the future.
This is our new favorite spot in Old City for cheesesteaks. The ribeye is sliced perfectly and it's tender and flavorful. The onions are sweet and cooked perfectly and the rolls are toasted perfectly to give a special crunch. I usually opt for the cheese whiz which pairs nicely with the toasted roll. Fries are hot and thick-cut, and there's an assortment of pickles and peppers to keep the meal interesting.

Enjoy!
Satisfy your craving for cheesesteaks at Oh Brother. I recommend their shroom truffle cheese steak. Portions are large and the toppings are generous. The meat is flavored well and isn't greasy. Prices are reasonable, employees are masked, and seating is available indoors and outside. While there, share your picture on Instagram to receive free fried Oreos. The Oreos are caloric, filling, and have a balance of Oreo to breading. We recommend this restaurant to others!
This place is new to Philly but I hope it stays around. The lady at the counter was patiently explained the different types of Philly cheesesteak sandwiches. We went with the original and a French onion. The original was the best made with onions and yes Chez Whiz. The French onion was okay but not my favorite. Let's not forget about the sweet potato and Parmesan French fries. Check them out.
Was in Philly just for the night and looking for a great burger, stumbling on Oh Brother while just 6 days old. This infant skipped crawling and went sprinting straight to flavor town! I've tried gimmicky Mac n cheese burgers before that are just lazy dumping some Mac on top of a burger, but this bad boy made the bun out of fried Mac! I'm sad now that I won't get a burger like this without crossing the country again. Followed it up with fantastic parm fries and deep fried oreos/Twinkies. Oh brother, I want another!
What a find! We were in town for a quick visit & initially intended on going to Mac's Tavern, but they were overcrowded and not letting in anyone under 21. We didn't walk too far before we found Oh Brother Philly. The place was big and very open. It was also extremely clean. The menu isn't very large, but it's all you need and still hard to make a decision because it all looks so good. My son got the mac & cheese burger. It was enormous, and he loved it. I got the crispy chicken sandwich. It was also delicious, and I can only eat half.  I got a yummy chocolate shake too! They also have a little side bar with peppers & slightly spicy pickles. Heaven! I highly recommend this place!
Huge cheeae steak.  This place was very busy, a good sign for a restaurant.   Steak was generous and very tasty
What's a day in Philly without having a cheese steak... a mistake.
We searched Yelp while standing in line on South and 4th at Jims and found Oh Brother and it was oh so good.

By the time we arrived, 3pm, the crowds had simmered down for a spell and gave us time to chat with the support team planning our order.

I had the FRENCH ONION CHEESE STEAK SANDWICH- 
FRESH SLICED RIBEYE , CREAMY HORSERADDISH SAUCE, CARAMELIZED ONIONS AND GRUYERE CHEESE.  Was really, really good, the horseraddish and carmelized onions and gruyere gave it a nice sophisticated flavor.  Paired it with the special SWEET POTATO FRIES, not greasy, not oily, really had nice flavor.

My wife opt more traditional with the PLAIN STEAK SANDWICH- FRESH SLICED RIBEYE SERVED ON A TOASTED FRESH ITALIAN ROLL.
She liked hers, I tasted it but mine was far better.

Nice big restaurant, clean restroom, super friendly staff and out door sitting if you like being out in the hustle of people and noisy traffic.

Go on Yelp and be sure to use the free side fries offer.  See my photos.
I got a cheesesteak with provolone here. Friendly service and it was ready very quickly. The cheese didn't taste like anything and overall it was a bit bland. I also think I prefer chopped steak to the sliced steak here. I know everyone has their favorites around here. Sonny's is a little more my jam.
Fantastic. No other words needed. Perfect cheesesteak- fantastic fries and onion rings. Don't go anywhere else! We're visiting from NY and this was our best meal in philly!! Wish they were here in NY
The food here is good. No longer are the days where the best cheesesteak in Philly is between a few contenders. Oh Brother delivers a Philly style knockout to anybody in the ring claiming they have the best cheesesteak. They have so many great options for food that whatever you have a taste for, you'll find it here. Come thru!!
I really like this place!

Staff is friendly and knowledgeably about their food. 
Happy to help tourists looking for a traditional Philly.
Very clean.
Prices are on point for the area.
This place doesnt actually have a strong name for itself, but I will only attest to one food item as being remarkably delicious. Granted, it's not for everyone but it was a surprise: their fried oreos!

Food:
 - Fried Oreos ($4): This was the perfect treat to order, and my friend and I both were immensely surprised how delicious, sweet, and perfectly soft but crunchy the whole oreo was. The exterior batter had a light chocolate drizzle and powdered sugar but the perfect fried firmness with the slightly dense but light interior and the slightly melty Oreo was PERFECT. WOW. Maybe County Fair food spoils everything fried, but this one was a gourmet option and it was worthy of its own recognition. Love love loved it!
 - Chili Lime Fries ($5): Nothing really special about the fries, but if you're just wanting some good crunches, this is a nice option. Again, not really special even with the spice. 

Pros:
 - Clean modern interior.
 - Quick and easy ordering. Yelp has only less than 100 reviews for them but somehow Google or Tripadvisor has like 700? Interesting. Usually it's the other way around!

Cons:
 - Their free pickles in the jar are/were a bit too soft. No more crunch to them which was disappointing...

In the end I had a great time enjoying my Oreo. That was the only thing memorable - almost 5 star worthy! And that's a big deal because I LOVE anything Oreo. Thanks for setting the bar high!
Not your classic experience but definitely tasty! 

Favorite was the french au jus followed by the parm fries and truffle creme fresh. Lastly its totally worth doing an Instagram shot for some free fried oreos!
Oh boy! Oh boy! Oh boy! I just stopped by here to grab something to eat like half and hour ago, now I can't can't can't wait going back to try other stuff on the menu! 

First of all, when you walk in the restaurant, you see a nice, clean and organized place that gives you a peace of mind to eat. The cashier was very friendly (I believe he is the owner). We ordered the cheesesteak and fried Oreo. Oh my! The cheesesteak is out of the world! I loved the bread (believe me, it's different from others), the quality of the meat makes the whole sandwich extra delicious! 

The fried Oreo tasted way better than I had expected - it's not super sweet but just hit the right spot. It's greasy though. Definitely worth to give it a try! 

I can't wait to go back to try other stuff!!!
Very respectable cheesesteak and fries.  They take a little time to make them but it's worth it.  I would def put it in my top 5.  I liked how the bread was crusty and had a snap to it, lots of meat and cheese and nice sized chopped fried onions.  Steve Prince's still my top, but I would recommend this shop to anyone in Old City, especially tourists.
This place is legit!
Best cheesesteak sandwich I've ever had!
Sounds cliché, I know. But lemme explain.
I've been coming to Philly town for over 20 years. In that time I've tried all
kinds of recommendations from friends, colleagues, and strangers.
I've tried the other "Local Faves" on Market St., and the popular place on South St. I've also suffered the two tourist traps down on Passyunk Ave. ( Awful)
I came here on recommendation by fellow co-workers.  I wasn't really hungry,  but I thought I'd give it a try. 
I ordered the French Onion Cheesesteak Sandwich.
My sandwich was Awesome.
The atmosphere is chill. You don't feel like ya gotta conform to some premadana left coast bs here.
This place is great.
Stopped here after a trip to the Museum of the American Revolution. I ordered the pulled buffalo chicken and the chili lime fries. Service was quick and the sandwich was delicious. The fries came with sriracha mayo that was excellent. My daughter had the buttermilk chicken fingers  and a chocolate milkshake that she enjoyed.
We will be back!
Stopped in for lunch on a rainy Saturday. Staff was super attentive and very helpful navigating the menu. Cheesesteak was best I've had in Philly. Fries were crispy but still light and fluffy. Very good first impression from Oh Brother Philly. Will definitely return when I'm back in town.
I just got take-out during the Covid-19 debacle. They were very friendly and the hamburger and french fries were delicious. The inside looked like it had a really nice atmosphere. I hope they can open soon.
Holy wow.  I've had cheesesteaks my whole life and this place makes one of the best!  We also had cheesesteak fries and they were incredible!

Bonus-- when I went up to get a milkshake for dessert and pass on compliments of how good everything was, they gave me the milkshake on the house!  Can't promise this will happen for everyone... But how can I not give them a five star review! Awesome! Definitely come here!
On this 20 degree day, nothing felt better than putting this hot meat in my mouth! 10/10 would recommend to a friend. Also, would definitely station myself all day and eat the spicy pickles on the cold bar if I could.
Great place, the employees waiting on us and we weren't waiting on the employees to order. Loved that  they had a great atmosphere. Social distance implemented, they wore mask and even had hand sanitizer to offer, also Wide variety on the menu, and stylish interior. 

I got a American cheese steak with fried onions, bacon cheese fries with American cheese, general crispy chicken sandwich and a fountain drink, raspberry tea to be exact. 

It was a pleasure to see that we didn't have to wait in some long line, even the employees are very pleasurable. It was a great atmosphere very nice spacious and the pandemic kind of help that out too but even the bathroom was nice and clean. They wore mask implemented social distance and even had some hand sanitizer at the counter if you want to use it. The menu was looking so tasty I couldn't decide what to get but I knew I did want a milkshake from them to end the night. The cheesesteak was cheesy tough or anything Plenty cheese and soft bread. The bacon cheese fries were also delicious plenty and cheese and bacon you can even taste the smoke of the bacon. The general toes chicken was tasty as well nice warm crunchy It had light sauce and it was not Overkill on the sauce. The raspberry tea was also tasty and the ice topped it off for me. I also got a meant chocolate chip milkshake have plenty attack chocolate chips and was topped off with a cream as well which actually was really good. The employees there were very hopeful excited and pleasant to have helped us, I will definitely go back.
It was our first time in Philadelphia and we were on the look for the best Philly Cheese Steak that we could find. After countless minutes of evaluating different Yelp reviews and asking around town we heard about Oh Brother Philly. At peak lunch time the service was great! The staff understood that it was our first time in Philly and gave us both an overall Philly recommendation and a Oh Brother recommendation! The place was clean and had a great atmosphere. Our food came out in a timely manner and we were checked up on by the workers to make sure that everything tasted good! The garlic Parmesan fries are honestly the best fries I have ever eaten and the Philly Cheese Steak was to die for! Definitely would recommend! And will be coming back if I'm ever in Philadelphia again!
Super quick delivery when I was in a pinch for a late dinner. When my order arrived the sandwiches were still nice and hot!
So good best milkshakes ever and delicious burgers ! Fries are just as good. Will definitely order again .
This was the best burger I've ever had. The prices were extremely reasonable considering it's in the city. It was a nice atmosphere and the staff were friendly. I'd definitely come back again!
Excellent Choice!
My son told me about this place so my fiancé and I decided to give it a try. 
I ordered their signature shrooms truffle cheese steak. It was delicious. My fiancé ordered the plain cheese steak. He said that it was very good. We shared the garlic Parmesan fries, also delicious. He said they were a little bit hard for his palette. The fried Oreo's are good as well. My son and his lady arrived just as we were about to leave. The atmosphere made it a great reunion. Included in his order were some fried pickles. He said they were good as well. I have not one single complaint about their food. Customer service is great here. Colleen and Izzy will make you feel right at home. Oh, Izzy makes the best milkshakes.  The homemade iced tea and their milkshakes are good as well. The only thing that I did not see while dining there was no one came out to sanitize the tables between guests. This is a must and should be done. I did mention to Colleen that the bathroom needed a little tidying up and she got right to it. I would give this place a roaring 5 stars but because of the sanitizing issue and the bathroom, it gets 4 stars today. 
Prices may appear to be a little inflated in comparison to other eateries but it appears that they use the finest ingredients of meat, ice cream, mushrooms, etc. And I love how they toast their rolls. Look if your looking for a great tasting cheesesteak, fries, etc. this is the place to go. Tell Colleen that Connie sent you....you might get a discount!!!
This was my first official cheesesteak in Philly and it did not disappoint. The bread , the steak and the cheese were all amazing. The prices are reasonable for all of their food offered and the service was great. I highly recommend
Wow, wow, wow. This restaurant serves some of the best Philly Cheesesteaks in the city! I'm not usually a big fan of cheesesteaks, but the one I tried here was very impressive. (Be sure to check-in on Yelp to get a free side of fries!)

The interior of the store was cozily decorated for the holidays, with seating along the right side of the restaurant.

I got the A1 Cheese Steak, and everything about it was wonderful. The bread was fresh, a bit crusty, with a soft, fluffy interior. It held the tender steak inside, which was seasoned well and not overpowered by the A1 sauce. The fries were crispy on the outside and fluffy on the inside. The Mac N Cheese wasn't the best I've had but still very cheesy and a good side option to get.

Furthermore, the restaurant is located near The Franklin Fountain, so after a delicious meal here, you can walk to get ice cream.
Really nice people working here helping us Californians order! Got the truffle burger on a pretzel bun that was amazing! The desserts were BOMB! Can't wait to come again :)
This place was awesome. The third cheesesteak place I have been in this neighborhood so far on my trip and BY FAR the best. 

If your choosing between this place and other cheesesteak places in the neighborhood (which shall not be named), go here. YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED!
Right up front, full disclosure:  I don't know jack squat about "authentic" or "traditional" cheesesteaks or roast pork.  Mind you, you can get "Philly cheesesteak" sandwiches just about anywhere in the U.S., but I have no idea whether or not they're the genuine article when I come across them.

So I don't have the first clue how Oh Brother's sandwiches measure up by those standards.  In any event, this shop is brand new, and if you're looking for an experience at a "classic" Philadelphia cheesesteak emporium, this is definitely not your place.  

But if you're looking for a tasty, filling sandwich as a break from hitting all the tourist sites in the vicinity, it might just be.  We got pulled in by some five-star reviews, many of which were suspiciously fake, and it seems that Yelp has since adjudged them that way.  Nonetheless, the sandwiches here are gigantic and a great value at $10 or $11.  (One sandwich might be big enough for two people, depending on appetite.  I polished off a whole one, but probably shouldn't have.)  The roast pork, "authentic" or not, was a damn good, if simple, sandwich:  tender sliced pork, provolone, spinach, and hot peppers on a decent sub roll.  Meanwhile, the cheesesteak was big and filling, but the meat seemed a little dry.  Good fries, too.  The food seemed to be made to order; it took a little while to come out, and came out piping hot,

Oh Brother also focuses heavily on burgers, but we didn't try those.

We walked into an empty restaurant, so our wait wasn't too bad.  But we were followed by a big group of touring kids with chaperones.  That group's food seemed to emerge from the kitchen with painful sluggishness.  

The staff and owners seemed to be from Eastern or Southeastern Europe --correct me if I'm wrong--and were helpful and pleasant.  

Finally, it'd be pretty cool if the name of this restaurant was something other than "Oh Brother Philly."
I came here because of the Yelp reviews and I think this is not a super touristy spot.
It's a pay upfront and someone will bring your food kind of deal. The staff there are all very nice.
I like the chicken tenders and the fries. But not so much the cheesesteak. The ribeye meat is very tender yes. But it's on the bland side. I eat pretty bland food, so this would definitely be too bland for most people. 
Parents, this place is pretty kids-friendly, plenty of high chair.
Chicken cheese steak for sure, it was hot and fresh. Option for the sesame bread is a plus. Ordered online and it was ready before time.
Oh brother is right! Loved it! I had the French onion Philly cheesesteak and the truffle fries. The truffle fries were fantastic! Only giving 3 stars because I wanted the sandwich to have more meat. But it definitely gave me the Philly cheesesteak feel I was looking for.
A deliciously packed philly steak. Went from empty to delightful full, without eating the whole meal.
Came here for a craving for some good burgerss!! Check off yet another one of my list of Jonny's philly burger tour!! My friend suggested it was her favorite and most definitely will be mine as well, she wasn't wrong... 
I mean it's def a top contender being that it seems the focus in this establishment is cheesesteaks... regardless I will start off with... 

Service: we arrived kinda late, slightly close to closing time, and they were welcoming with open arms, were open to offering great suggestions and even substitutions to their burgers. 

Atmosphere: comforting, well lit, booth table side seating, def great for families, was playing hunch back of notre dame in the background, got me in my Disney feels lol. 

FOOOOOD: burgers were made to order, as per request of rarity; how well cooked the burgers in preference. Of course I chose medium rare as always, and it was def cooked to perfection. I ordered the liberty burger and it was def MEATY had really good flavor but I was a bit jealous of my friends burger which was the shroom truffle... all I can say is wow... I would definitely recommend if you ever go... that is the burger that will win ya over. Crispy onion strings cheesy goodness and MUSHROOOOOMS. Top it off the fries were  actually really crispy and delicious tooo, not to mention we got a side of fried Oreos... and they hooked it up with an extra one so that we could be extra fat! Indulgence is just a word for eating more.... cuz it allll tasted sooo good. 

Oh brother... I will be back!!
Visiting here for 1 day from Florida. The cheesesteaks here were amazing. The food was made fresh to order and the staff are super friendly and accommodating for our party of 10. My son ordered a cheeseburger and fries which was amazing and the onion rings were sooo yummy!!  Thanks for such a great meal!
I had really high hopes for this considering how it was rated on Yelp, but it didn't even come close to my expectations.

We got the garlic parm wings and the only thing you could taste was salt. They LOOKED like they'd be flavorful but we could only eat like half of them before we got rid of them because even water or soda didn't wash away the salt taste.

I ordered the brisket sandwich for myself and it was extremely dry.   They give you a big portion of meat, but it really need a sauce. I had to ask for hot sauce and they only had one packet left and I had to make due with it. The slaw in it was a small saving Grace for the dryness, but I highly recommend you ask for a sauce if you do order it.
I brought my sion to Philip for the weekend and this was the place to go. It was amazing. We had the cheese steak with cheese wiz. It blew Cleavers out of the water. We had 3 meals here and I highly recommend it. I attempted to make my own Philly Cheese steak and I failed. I guess another trip to Philly is will have to be in the plans.
Great, friendly and fast service for a no-frills evening meal. 

So many options for steak and cheese sandwiches, pretty much can have it however you can dream it up. Chicken tenders were good, not heavy or greasy at all. Fries also prepared well and enjoyable. 

We might have missed out on a milkshake from there as many were coming in just for those. They also have fried Oreos!
I am a native of Philly and love all things cheesesteak!! Oh Brother's cheesesteak is one of the best I've had! I ordered extra cheese and fried onions. The bun is perfectly toasted with the right amount of onions, cheese and steak. I highly recommend to all.
This place rocks! Between all of us I got to try 4 different sandwiches and they were awesome. All kinds of combinations to create between the meats and cheeses. I don't think you can go wrong here. And the bread is sooo good for these sandwiches. Make sure you grab some condiments, the peppers and pickles were great. And to top it off, surprisingly cheaper than I expected for Philly. Definitely worth a revisit in this cool part of town.
Absolutely loved my Philly cheesesteak!!!!! I got it delivered to my hotel and it was literally the best I've ever had in my life! I know it's not one of the two top known Philly places but I consider it number one. So good it's ridiculous. The fact that it was delivered and still so good was awesome  fresh and not soggy or greasy! I'll come back here for sure
Best onion rings I've had in a very long time. When George Washington was in town I heard that he also got the Mac and Cheese Heaven Burger. It was worth the calories but I won't eat for another week. Cheesesteaks we're delicious and the fries were satisfactory.
Good, but not great
I decided to finally try Oh Brother. I did take out and ordered through Yelp. I ordered the fried pickles (3), the liberty burger (4.5) and the fried cheesecake (4.5). The liberty burger was pretty good - lots of gooey cheese, liked the pretzel bun. My negative comment on the burger was the amount hot mustard. The mustard itself was good -it had the mustard seeds which I love - but there was way too much! The fried cheesecake was nice, and that was my favorite part. The fried pickles however were a low light. They were too doughy, and the pickles were too thin for sustenance. They were bland, too, but I think that was mostly because they were all dough and no pickle.  
Other notes - Ordering through yelp was easy. The food was ready quickly, but the pick up was a little frustrating. It took awhile to get attention from someone.  The prices were fair for the quantity. I thought the pickles were pricy, but there was sooo many. 
Overall, I think this is a decent spot. I'm hoping part of my woes were timing, and it being take out. I'll likely try again, and I hope you enjoy.
Great place to grab a cheesesteak while traveling through Philly! Hundred percent beef steak, thinly sliced with onions on a hoagie roll and cheez whiz. Yeah cheez whiz is a thing! I was a little skeptical but man when it melts inside that sandwich, holy smokes it tastes pretty great!!! Didn't have a lot of time, but I was glad I got to try this finally. Chicago is known for beef sandwiches and pizza but Philly is known for cheesesteaks. Totally different, definitely! Good service and friendly staff especially during protests and riots going on throughout the city! They were still serving up good sandwiches! Stay safe and thank you.
I don't give out a lot of five star reviews, I try to save those for "It simply couldn't realistically be any better".  Oh Brother did it.
Had the cheese fries and cheese steak.  Top quality all the way around.  My mouth is literally watering as I write this.
Folks, I've lived in Philadelphia for 30 years + and I've had all the top steaks, Tony Lukes, John's, Jim's, Dalessandro's, Steve's, Ace, (say what you want, Pat's, Geno's) and every conceivable hole in the wall joint.  
Hands down, the best steak I've ever had regardless of level of sobriety.
Glad I discovered it when I did - I've worked around the corner for the last two years and am moving to a different location.  I'd probably be there 3-4 times a week and keep a defibrillator on my desk.
I don't usually venture to old city like I used to in my younger days but a few friends said they're burgers were awesome - which I agree! I had the Jalapacamole burger - try saying that 3 times fast! It's a beef burger with sweet pickle red onion, jalapeños, and guacamole. I was a bit nervous this burger would be really messy with the guacamole but it was great. I have to admit the burger was a little soggy though but still good to eat. 

We were even able to get free French fries because Yelp had an offer on the app! The French fries were warm, soft, and so tasty! There was surprising a lot and I couldn't finish them. 

Just a FYI, there's only one restroom which requires a code to get in.
Spacious and limited seating due to covid. Pretty cut throat, order and wait for your order to be called. Got the shroom truffle cheesesteak, it was fire. The flavors all shined individually and came together well. 14 bucks is pricey but def worth a try.
The fries were amazing, but the cheese steak subs were meh. We dined in and service was glacial even with the place half empty. We'll try somewhere else next time.
Ordered through Postmates, had their limited time offer truffle cheesesteak, lots of steak with basically no cheese. Fried chicken tenders are just ok, fried cheesecake is delicious
Even though I came here on lunch rush hour with my boyfriend our to go food was swift! Ordered a couple chicken cheesesteaks and truffle parmesan fries. Normally, my boyfriend disapproves of anything mushroom but he inhaled those fries ! Our chicken cheesesteaks were perfectly seasoned with provolone cheese.  (not greasy like other places) This place truly hits the spot for quality!
Get cheese steaks and chicken steaks
Mac and cheese is made with their homemade whiz so that's either hate it or love it. Onion rings good. Liked regular fries better than Parmesan truffle fries.
This really hit the spot when my husband and I craved burgers. The onion rings are so good with nice thick batter that sticks to the onion so the onion doesn't come slipping out. The fries are deliciously seasoned so you don't even need ketchup, but ketchup elevated the flavor. We're trying cheesesteaks next! This place is on our short list and we'll be ordering from here whenever we crave burgers.
Cheesesteak was so good we ordered a second one! This place takes great pride in their food and it shows. We had the burgers, buffalo pulled chicken sandwich, and of course the cheesesteak. Burgers were juicy, the slaw on the buffalo chicken made the sandwich, and the cheesesteaks were delicious! Also tried the fried twinkies...save room for dessert! Staff was friendly and customer service was excellent.
Great food fast service, good for kids as well. They recommended the wit wiz which I never would've ordered but it was the best at the table! Mac n cheese burger was a hit with my sons as well. Would definitely make a trip back.
Amazing cheesesteaks! Make no mistake, this is the place to go. Avoid the tourist traps like Geno's or Pat's. I tried them too after and they don't even compete.  Finely chopped steak, lots of melted cheese and a toasted bun. Nothing even compares to Oh Brother!
Stopped by after seeing all the wonderful Yelp reviews and we were not disappointed! As a KY native and an OH transplant with a PA boyfriend, I finally had the cheesesteak I'd been waiting for!! The burgers were awesome too and the fries were some of the best ever! We'll definitely be back next time we visit!
Very good cheese steak and fry joint. Asked for some extra sauce and no problem. Good came out quick and hot. Will be back
Oh Brother Philly did not disappoint in the Cheesesteak category. We were very nicely greeted by Misty who was very helpful in helping our family of six make selections from their amazing menu. Her patience was great! 
The overall atmosphere has a very old school vibe and since we're in a historic city it was pretty cool.
We all got filled up with the generous sized steak sandwiches which were very good. Although, the fried onions could have been cooked a little longer and needed a little bit of seasoning. Other than that it was very good. The French fries were spot on! And the cheesesteak fries were great.
Ordered and paid, then looked in the kitchen. Walked out. Food preparers holding food (like hamburger rolls and condiments that won't be cooked) and not wearing masks. Person taking order and packing food to go wearing mask over mouth, nose uncovered. No gloves. I am happy things are re-opening. Would like everyone to work together to keep it that way.
Ahh! Forgot to take photo but the cheesesteaks here are so goood!! After having lunch at Sonny we decided to grab a cheesesteak here for dinner and I prefer Oh Brother Philly more. Get the French Onion Cheesesteak and you won't regret it. Woot!
As far as cheesesteaks, Pat's and Geno's are the place everyone recommends when visiting Philadelphia. I tried both and they ARE  both very good. 

However, on this trip we walked along Market Street before our Museum visit. Cheesesteak was on our minds and saw Oh Brother had a line. Good sign right? Boy were we right!

Thus far, it's the best cheesesteak sandwich I ever had. In Philly or elsewhere. Just the right combination of meat, onions and cheese on this great tasting bread. The fries were also very good and a regular order is easily shareable for two. Their complimentary homemade pickles are not to be missed!
WILL NEVER GO BACK HERE AGAIN! I've been an avid customer of this place. Cheesesteaks were always good. Today my boyfriend went to pick up our food and while waiting he saw a worker eat out of our food, and they then proceeded to serve us the food that he ate out of. I could not believe it, and they will never get my business again. Who knows what else they do back there.
I was super hungry when I started my search for food yesterday. I found Oh Brother Philly and noticed their fried Oreos on the menu. I was sold at that very moment. I had to take the drive to see those fried Oreos in person. 

I arrived and was pleasantly surprised to be greeted by a very warm, and welcoming gentleman who was very happy to take my order. I decided to try the fried Oreos, cheese steak with fries onions with American cheese AND the parmasean truffle fries. 

I received my food and ran to my car to destroy, I mean sample the Oreos. Ahhhh, they were sooo good. I really enjoyed the fact that the Oreos were not super sweet like the typical fried Oreos you get at an amusement park or carnival. I feel that Oh Brother managed to make their Oreos taste like they were surrounded by fluffy cake. Yum!

I moved on to my truffle fries, which were crispy and tasty. I enjoyed the aioli dipping sauce that accompanied the fries. Later in the day, I tried a small piece of my cheese steak before my better half arrived home and asked if he could have it. It was all down hill from there bc I couldn't tell if I would have enjoyed it or not based on my small sample.

Since I didn't get to really try my cheese steak, I guess I will have to return to Oh Brother Philly this week to try ANOTHER cheese steak AND a Nutella milkshake.
Ordered the chicken tenders, for 9 bucks you can get 5 nugget sized chicken tenders.  Not worth the price
Oh Brother!!!! I wish you were my brother!!!! Just had the French onion cheesesteak! OMG!!!!! The best I ever had! And the French fries!!! Pure heaven!!! I will be back in Philly soon to try another cheesesteak!
Absofreakinglutely amazing!!!  I loved it! Two of my favorite Philly Cheesesteak places are neighbors to Oh Brother Philly and it was hard to break away from them, but I'm glad I did! The bread, the meat, the cheese, it was all magical!
Good food... good price. Best part is ther pickles near the drink fountain. 

Ther cheesesteak  is good too
Everything was great!  The cheesesteaks were fantastic and super hot. The Parmesan truffle fries are awesome as well. The service at Oh Brother was fantastic!  We will definitely go again when we are in Philly.
These guys were great!! They provided us with food in a timely manner and their cheese Whiz was fantastic!! Very friendly staff and fast service. I'd come her again. The only faux pas I had was that they only have 1 restroom and it's based on keypad lock. So I was waiting to go inside not knowing that somebody wasn't in there and had to put in the keypad. Quite confusing. Keep the restroom unlocked unless someone else is in there.
These burgers (favorite is the shroom truffle one) are consistently awesome! It's great to finally have a restaurant in old city that's doesn't kill your wallet! 
The cheese fries and chili lime fries are awesome too.  The staff is always supper friendly and personable. 
Overall, everything about this place is great, and I couldn't recommend it more!
The cheesesteak was def a solid one. The cheesesteak competition is just so stiff in Philly. I would say it ranks above the average cheesesteak, but slightly below the elite. The reason why it gets 5 stars is because the roll is perfect, the meat fresh and delicious, and the cheese ratio is great.
I visited this burger spot in Old City. Decent layout, menu with trendy and fun for the area. Food was nice, for a place that's open til 4am, it's pretty much what i would expect...Service was quick and professional..The burger was a bit overcooked and for the price of the burger i was expecting a little more. The chili lime fries were a miss for me as well. all the flavors were at the bottom of the fry box. If I'm drunk @ 2am in old city I'd say it was a hit..if I'm sober here for lunch I'd say it's meh! 3/5 #foodie #foodtour #shenanigans #philly #burgers #Shenanigatorfoods
What a Great find hands down the best Philly Cheesesteak!! We ordered a steak sandwich and a cheesesteak with whiz both were so very delicious its probably good I don`t live to close or I would be as big as a house! I love the way the have the meat chopped up very juicy and great taste. Staff is great and friendly and even bring out the food to your table. The decor is really nice too. Place is very busy but line goes fast and there is enough seats and also seats outside. Can`t wait to visit O Brother`s again!!
This is literally the BEST cheesesteak I've ever had! It embodies what a Philly Cheesesteak should taste like, juicy thinly slice 100% USDA RIBEYE STEAK. It just doesn't get any better than that, the milkshakes are INCREDIBLE and the fried Oreos top it off. I've sent everyone I know to Oh Brother on Market street and every one who ventured in are now lifetime customers. Very quaint ambiance and super friendly staff, most cleanest environment you'll ever eat a cheesesteak in, seating is comfortable and if I had to make a suggestion I'd say my favorite to try is the French Onion Cheesesteak, it is OFF THE HOOK! Try it you'll thank me!
Loved it! The truffle burger, and Mac n cheese burger were juicy! We also tried the fried pickles and lime fries! Which were delicious!! I'm a condiment freak and love extra everything! I asked for extra dipping sauce and ohhh they gave me extra! Which I appreciated! Will definitely be back again!
Oh Brother Philly had been bookmarked for a few months before I finally surrendered to my cheeseburger craving one day, placing my delivery order with the help of Door Dash. 

My cheeseburger actually exceeded expectations and in terms of size, it was the Goldilocks of cheeseburgers. Perfectly seasoned, juicy, and fresh, with crisp lettuce, ripe tomato, and their signature sauce, all wrapped in the hug of a bakery-fresh brioche bun, sigh. My side of truffle parmesan fries were trufflicious and highly addictive *but* the promised side of garlic mayo was nowhere to be found. 

That's why I'm deducting a star. Garlic mayo is everything. And with truffle fries? It's my world.

I'll visit irl to sample other Oh Brother menu selections, without 1.5 miles and a dasher standing between me and my burger. I'm sure my food will be piping hot and even more delicious. And if they forget my garlic mayo then?

I'll walk up to the damn counter to claim it.
