Esq and I were dying to try Oloroso for some time, but alas, the reservation gods were never shining upon us. The hostess promised to call me if anything opened up, and holy snikees, she actually did! We greatly appreciated her kind gesture and her follow-up (a week in advance). Great customer service! 

Upon arrival, we were led to the back dining area where we were provided with the option of a high-top table or a bar-type seat which overlooked the open kitchen. We chose the bar seats which made for a really fun experience. My hubs is the chef in our house and he loves watching the magic happen in restaurant kitchens. Thank God for his culinary abilities or else we'd starve. 

We ordered our cocktails (we both went with the "You Said It", which was refreshing and unique) and we ordered a slew of small plates. The Tortilla de Patata was a hit, as were the Blistered Peppers, the Shrimp-on-Shrimp, and the Cod Croquettes. Our least favorite was the Roasted Cauliflower, mostly due to the fact that it was served cold with a vinegar-based dressing. It wasn't bad, it just wasn't what we expected. 

One thing to keep in mind is that the small plates are very small. The price adds up quick when you're hungry and when you want to sample (nearly) the entire menu. We knew that going in and decided to go to town anyway. 

Reservations are a must in this place. Make one and go!
After having Oloroso bookmarked for way too long, I finally got a chance to check it out this winter with a group of nine. We had made a reservation for 5pm on a Sunday for an early dinner. The restaurant was empty when we arrived but by the time we got our first round of drinks and a few tapas, it was completely full. Good thing we had made a reservation!

We first started with a couple pitchers of sangria. I'm usually a big fan of sangria, but Oloroso's was honestly pretty disappointing. That fruity punch I was expecting wasn't there at all. I got the Space Heater for my second drink which I really liked. Definitely more my pace and it paired well with all of the food. 

Our group got a variety of different tapas - too many to even name! The Albondigas (pork meatballs) and Pulpo Frito (octopus and calamari) were definitely my favorites, though. Along with these tapas, the bread that was brought out to the table was also absolutely delicious! The Paella Oloroso was very good although I felt like the rice was overcooked. I probably would have enjoyed the dish a little more if the rice was better prepared. 

The waiters that handled our table were really nice. I told them about my dietary restrictions prior to placing our order and they assured me that they made note of it to the chef and that there would be no cross contamination.

What was the best part of my meal? The dessert of course! The Burnt Honey Budino to be exact! It was incredibly delicious and the perfect ending to the meal. Rich, creamy, and sweet - all my favorite things about dessert. I tried a bite of my husband's cheesecake which was also good but not even comparable to the budino.  

Glad to have finally visited Oloroso, and although it might not be my first restaurant of choice, I wouldn't mind returning. If I do go back, I would be open to trying more tapas as long as I'm getting budino for dessert!
I did the unthinkable during a Wednesday during the summer...I went to happy hour. I have a secret that I probably shouldn't share. Oloroso has a fantastic happy hour, that isn't part of Sips! The deals are bar only Monday through Friday, and the clientele is tapas loving mature.

There are 6 tapas offered at $6; a discount of $4-$8. Most of the meats and cheese will qualify for the charcuterie offering. There is a $4 savings on the sangria as well.

My group went for several tapas on and off the happy hour menu:

-Charcuterie with boar and two types of chorizo
-Avocado and crab toast
-Wood oven pork belly
-Charred eggplant 
-Potatatas bravas 

We also ordered the veggie paella and added chorizo and chicken. 

The standout tapa was oddly the eggplant. It was flavored with honey, ginger, pipparas, tagine spice and scallions. It was saucy and had an Asian-ish taste. The spicy tomato sauce and chili oil on the potatoes was also notable. I was really impressed by the paella dish as well. 

I wasn't impressed by the pork belly; it wasn't bad but I've had better with more flavor and consistency.

If I'd do it all again, I'd bring a 4th person. We were really full by the time the paella came. I wouldn't want to remove any of the tapas from our order but we needed a little help eating it all. 

The bill ended up adding up despite the happy hour specials on some of the items, so be aware of your own ordering. 

Our bartender was friendly and very knowledgeable about the menu. After mentioning a group member's allergy, he noted it and made the appropriate adjustments that we missed (there's cheese in the potatoes). 

A great happy hour and tapas experience that I'm excited to return to.
I've thought long and hard about this, but the trophy for my favorite restaurant in Philly goes to (drumrolllllll) Oloroso! Bop-ba-da-baaaa!! (Celebratory trumpet noise!)

I've always had great meals here, and whenever I thought about the top of my list, this kept popping up in my head. It's delicious and often surprises me with its interesting flavors.

Recently, I suggested this for a friend dinner and my experience completely solidified Oloroso's top billing on my Philly restaurant list. Everything I had was fantastic, but let me point out some standouts.

Squid ink rice, the perfect amount of squid ink taste, rice with a risotto like quality, and perfectly cooked fried calamari on top. 

Charred eggplant, sweet from the honey, interesting spices, a touch of bitter from the char, a flavor combination I feel like I've never had all with eggplant that soaks in all those flavors beautifully.

Coca de recapte: a flatbread with boquerones (anchovies). There's another boquerones dish on the menu, but this is the one to get! The saltiness of the anchovies pairs well with the sweetness of the roasted red peppers and the caramelized onions.

And last but certainly not least, the roasted half pig's head. We decided to splurge and try this. This dish is definitely not for the faint of heart. It's a bit gruesome: They literally bring you a pig's head, teeth and all! Then they carve it tableside, and you're left with juicy, delicious pork. The outside is the crispy pig skin, salty, crunchy, but also sweet from the caramelized gastrique and it's soooooo goodddd.

Highly, highly recommend for a great meal with great ambiance and great service!
Last night's dinner with my friend was a solid 4 1/2 star experience, but I'm rounding up this time because i had one of the best things I've ever eaten in a very long time at a restaurant...1/2 Pig's Head!%^$*&$ YES!

I got to the 5:15pm reservation on time, but my friend did not calculate the lousy traffic getting into the City, so he was quite a bit late.  Because of the expected heavy turnover, the front staff said that the table was now gone, but if we wanted to eat at the bar, that would be fine.  The bar was fully empty at the time, and since I downed two fig sangria drinks already and was hungry, we took the offer, and was able to move to the corner of the bar by the front door so we had plenty of space to talk.

While reviewing the menu, our well-versed bartender made some recommendations such as the $65 5-course Chef's choice with a $10 add-on for some of the Pig's Head.  Instead, we opted for an appetizer each and then while discussing about the possibility of getting the Pig's Head as I mentioned about some of the pictures on Yelp of it, our bartender said that there were only three left for the evening.  I jumped on it and said one of them was ours.  

The appetizers were one ok (friend's) and one outstanding (mine).  I had the Charred Eggplant Tangine (Honey, Ginger, Piparras).  This was at least over an inch thick piece of hockey puck-sized eggplant that was amazingly cooked with the honey and fancy and tasty greens on top.  Very tender, easy to cut, and tasted wonderful and sweet like dessert.  I felt this was worth the $10.  My friend had what were supposed to be sardines (don't remember the name), and the five 4-5 inch slivers of fish just were not worth the price and the taste was not what he remembered from Spain.  

The homemade bread we got seconds of with some olive oil, and then the 1/2 Head came out in all of its glory.  The bartender let us take our photos (which is now one of my Yelp shots), and served us.  The Pig's Head takes over 24 hours to make, and they serve maybe 8 or so nightly.  They had less this night because of selling some the night before, and it's not a regular thing.  Cracklin' skin, super-tender meat from all pieces of the head including the tongue, snout, jowl, and everywhere else.  It's very filling!  Both my friend and I loved it.  You have to order it for two, and it was $38 each.  If you do not get there when the restaurant opens and the first hour or so, you will probably not get the Pig's Head because they sell quickly.  Ours was ordered just after 6pm and there were only 3 left.  The sauces that came with the Head along with some outstanding well-crisped potatoes and not-so-hot peppers were flavorful and made the Pig's Head that much better (but you could do without them as it was that good.)

We were in a food coma for some time after eating and drinking.  My friend noticed that they had several Sherry options available from not so sweet to sweet.  He chose one on the bartender's recommendation and I tried a separate sip.  It was like liquid raisins.  

So for having to lose our table and a not-so-great appetizer, we still overall had an awesome meal and one of the most unusual dishes we've ever had, but it was one of the best, too.  We'd like to come back!

$180 including drinks and tip for two appetizers, 1/2 Pig's Head main course, and three drinks.  I spent $25 on two more drinks waiting for my friend beforehand.
Came here for my friends Bday dinner. Overall good experience, worth 3.5 stars, but rounding down to just "OK" because the food needed some work. There were some amazing dishes, but even more "A-OK" dishes, and a few just bad dishes. And for the prices, these small portion-sized dishes should all be amazing. The service was great, and so was the atmosphere, such cute decor. But, for the prices, the food was not as impressive as other Spanish tapas places I've tried. 

The EGGPLANT was AMAZING, best eggplant dish I've ever had. It was a thick slice of eggplant, that needed to be cut, it wasn't mushy like most eggplant dishes. The sauce on it was fantastic. Best dish of the night. (but its super small, so order 2). 

The Octopus was also very good, with chickpeas. The seafood Paella was good, but for the 25-30 min prep time to cook it, not worth it. We ate all other dishes and could have been ready to leave by the time the paella was done. The rice in the paella was so crispy on top that it kept sticking in my teeth. 

Average food was the short rib croquettes, and blistered peppers. 

Not so good food was the Spanish Tortilla; there was hardly any potatoes and tasted just like a tiny round egg omelet. For $9, very sad. Since we didn't get our traditional Spanish potato fix from the Spanish Tortilla, we tried the Patas Bravas next, which also was mediocre; the potatoes were better, but over cooked. Also, the cod croquettes were not worth the price, they tasted like fish sticks I ate when I was a kid. 

Overall, I'm bummed I didn't love Oloroso as much as everyone else who gave great reviews. Just needs some fixing of a few staple dishes, or, a reduction of price for the small size portions. If the food was better than I wouldn't mind the price tag. But 3 stars because I probably won't come back here given other Spanish tapas restaurants in the city that I like better. Still a cute place though, and very friendly service.
While in the mood for a dining experience we wanted to check out Oloroso. They specialize in regional wood oven Spanish tapas. The ambience is very relaxing, romantic and the fragrance from the wood burning really gives you that rustic feel. We were very happy to sit in the back of the restaurant were the kitchen is open and you can enjoy watching all the action. Our server Matthew was outstanding, making our experience a memorable one, along with chef Townsend Wentz coming to our table and having a great conversation. 

We started our culinary journey with the Boquerones (anchovy, olives and salsa verde). The anchovies were fresh and meaty and the seasonings and salsa were a great accompaniment. Next was the Wood Oven Brussels Sprouts (Brussels, chorizo vinaigrette and breadcrumbs). The Brussels were cooked perfectly, they really picked up the wood flavor and the vinegarette was delishious. Next Charred Eggplant Devine (eggplant, honey, ginger and piparres). The eggplant was nice and charred and the inside had great texture and flavor. Next the Grilled Octopus (octopus, chorizo, chickpeas and harissa). Just a fantastic combination of textures and flavor. Next Braised Tripe w/peppers and a pimenton-egg crostada. Unbelievably great! If you are a fan of tripe they really hit this one out of the park. 

For our main course we had the Roasted Half Pigs Head with Blistered Peppers and Patatas Braves (potatoes in a spicy tomatoe sauce). The pig's head was incredible. The skin was super crispy and the meat was tender and mouth watering.  The peppers were delicious and the potatoes were tender and we really loved  the spicy sauce. If your planning a dinner with friends or a romantic night with someone or just in the mood for blow your mind diner, put them on the top of your list!
Oloroso is the new Spanish tapas place in Center City. There is a lot of seating and the restaurant is a great space, great for date or dimly lit friend dinner. Compared to others in the same space, it feels like less of a corporate sellout chain restaurant than Barcelona Wine Bar, but not as cute and neighborhoody as Jamonera, and not as impressive as Amada. 

The food was mostly good- shrimp toast, octopus, Spanish omelette, brussel sprouts, but we didn't love the short rib croquetas. We had the creme catalan for dessert. The wine list is extensive but most are around the $14 price point which seems a bit steep. There are also cocktails and some beers for cheaper.

I'd love to see some happy hour specials, as our meal (with a glass of wine each and 5 small plates and a dessert split between 2 people) came to about $60 each. For the amount of food and drink, it's a bit pricey.

Service was excellent. Very attentive, friendly, and knowledgeable, with great recommendations. Also, our waiter was so excited about my Eagles nails, he comped us a free dessert.

I'd recommended for a drink or a small bite, but dinner will cost you!
Options aplenty!

Gotta love the concept of tapas restaurants that offer options within a meal.  With the ability to try many plates for dinner instead of just being limited to one main dish is one of the best parts of Oloroso.

The Salted Cod Croquettes starter was a great first dish.  Perfectly fried with an awesome spiced minced salted cod interior.

The Pork Meatballs that followed was the best dish of the night.  These meatballs were swimming in a chunky tomato sauce with slightly melted shredded cheese.  The meatballs were super tender and super porky.  The rustic bread offered right before the first dish was replenished just in time to mop up this great sauce.

The Gambino shrimp were generously sized and super crisp.  These were layered over a plump chickpeas topped with red pepper and cilantro.  

The finishing buddino was just a tad over sweetened but the crushed salted peanuts on top offered a nice contrast.

The restaurant layout was pretty and the service at the bar was very friendly.  I'll be be back again to try the paella which I hear is one of their best dishes.
ugh... i wanted to like this place but they did me dirty today.

came for a restaurant week lunch. place was pretty empty, 10 people there tops. cute inside, friendly workers. 

squid ink rice - i was most excited about this but was slightly let down. i feel like there was WAY MORE squid ink than rice. it was almost soupy but the calamari was cooked perfectly.

So to why I gave 1 star...... everything was going ok until i ate the baby shrimp bocadillo... i bit down on something super hard and it hurt my teeth so badly! i pulled something out and it was a tiny piece of hard wire!!! it was almost like a piece of a paper clip had broken off and into my food. i was so stunned, i called the waiter over and gave him the piece of wire and said this was in my food. he asked if i was OK and i was still shocked so i said yes. 

after this point, i had some difficulty chewing on some things but i'm a polite person so i didn't make a huge fuss assuming that i'd probably get some part of my meal discounted. 
instead i got some free berries and whipped cream and paid full price. GOD FORBID i kept chewing on that piece of wire and my tooth broke or worse... if i swallowed it. 

the fact i was never given a discount or even the manager coming over to apologize was REALLY DISAPPOINTING. considering we were 2/6 people in the restaurant at this point. i don't think i can risk going back knowing that even if i find a sharp object in my food... i will have to pay full price.
Oloroso was decent but not great IMO. The food is really a solid 3.5 but I marked it down to a 3 because if our server (pr lack thereof). We went on a Saturday for the $25 brunch buffet. Lots of choices and nice, helpful and very friendly chefs are right there at the buffet line to answer any questions you have and refresh the dishes as they get emptied out. I can honestly say that I tried just about everything except for the eggy things and the fruits and marcona almonds. Most dishes were pretty good such as the carved to order brisket, the seafood paella, the meatballs, the anchovies, and the fresh bread. Some of the things seemed to be too heavily salted though, and nothing was so good that I want to rush back despite the brunch being really a good value. The desserts were also OK, and the olive oil cake was my favorite. The puddings seemed kind of runny if you ask me. The restaurant itself is beautiful and we sat at a table with a comfy bench seat. As alluded to before, our server was not all that good. He greeted us at the beginning of our meal, got our drinks, and the occupied himself by talking to the bartender while we ate. I had to ask another server to get our drinks refilled and when our server brought us the check, he charged us for three brunches instead of two because he probably spent so little time at our table (which only had two seats, so go figure). I do see potential in Oloroso because if they tweak the recipes and have the kitchen staff wait the tables it could be five stars.
:: Dinner - Overall, fantastic. Nice ambiance. Reasonable pricing. Flavorful food. Excellent staff. Clean bathroom.

Paella: each individual item in this dish was cooked perfectly.
Charcuterie/cheese: Very nice. I especially liked the different goat cheese offerings.

Only complaints: I didn't see any wine bottles for sale that were less than ~$65.00?! It would be nice if they offered a few bottles at $29.00 or even $39.00. A few items seemed a little heavy-handed with the salt. 

:: Brunch Buffet - F A N T A S T I C. I feel like this buffet offering at only $25.00pp is a best kept secret.  The chef/cooks season the food to perfection. We had items such as: 

Carving station: 
- Smoked Brisket with chimichurri sauce: melt in your mouth delicious.
- Filet of beef topped with a pinch of finishing salt (Maldon?): excellent
- Salmon: perfectly cooked, the salsa accompaniment works.

- Toast points with different toppings: the mushroom was delicious. Their rendition of Avacodo toast had this smoky paprika/pickled radish topping, really good.

- Desserts: olive oil cake was great. The 'Budino' custard with fruit topping was good.

- Dranks: We ordered a carafe of the Rose wine Sangria for $20.00, very refreshing!!

- Eggs: Many different versions of egg dishes: Huevos Rellenos (Deviled Eggs), Huevos a la Flamenca/shakshuka,  Tortilla a la Francesa, etc. 

Staff: Excellent service. Water glasses were continuously refreshed in a timely manner. 

We really like this restaurant, looking forward to our next meal!
tl;dr with mediocre service and just creditable cuisine, this Spanish tapas bar is no-go for me in the future.

Last weekend, I was fortunate enough to score tickets to Hamilton at the Forrest Theatre. My partner and I went back and forth over our pre-theatre meal (as we also had a pickier eater in our party), and we finally settled on Oloroso. I really have enjoyed Townsend in the past, so I was excited that we would be able to dine at another of his restaurants before our show. Plus, it was right across the street from the theatre, and it offered a three-course pre-fixe menu for just $35 per person.

Immediately upon entering, a light green wooden bar spread deep into the left side of the room, mirrored by a handful of high-top tables on the right. Additionally, seating is available at the mezzanine further back. The whitewashed walls soak up cozy red tones, making the restaurant feel increasingly intimate as the sun sets. Offbeat instrumental music plays unobtrusively in the background.

We arrived just as the restaurant opened (which was also 2 hours before our show). With a little luck, our party managed to snag one of the few booths, upholstered with a comfortable Moroccan quilt. Among our orders, I had the opportunity to try a number of drinks and dishes, including two sherries, the Bacalao Croquetas, the Roasted Beets, the Charred Eggplant, the Wood Oven Pork Belly, the Coca de Pimientos flatbread, the Calamares Fritos, the Gambas Al Ajillo, the Churros, and the Burnt Honey Budino. The croquetas reminded me of a sophisticated fish stick, with a perfectly crunchy outside and soft interior; however, the saffron aioli was wanting a more robust flavor, and the dish felt one-dimensional. The beets were served above a lemon creme and sprinkled with pistachio. While I enjoyed the crunchiness and acidity of the first few tastes, every bite after that felt overpowered by the lemon. On a brighter note, the eggplant was subtly tasty, with a meaty texture and a multitude of flavors -- unfortunately, this was not a dish that I ordered myself, so I only had a single bite. The pork was also pleasant, with a perfectly crispy skin; yet, the pineapple-cherry dressing was surprisingly bland. The flatbread had a mixture of dynamic notes, but was overwhelmingly spicy -- my partner didn't even want to finish her bite.  The gambas had a generous serving of well-cooked shrimp, but the broth had only a single note, and the chickpeas felt like an afterthought. The churros were perfectly crispy and cinnamony; one of our party aptly likened it to a funnel cake. Yet, the chocolate sauce was a bitter flavor, offering a rather unpleasant contrast to the churro. Finally, the budino (which has a high bar to cross, if you've tried Barbuzzo's) was sweet, but this rendition lacked the heartwarming crunch and saltiness of Barbuzzo's.

Despite an eagerness to cater to the theatre-going crowd with their Pre-Theatre menu, I was shocked at how lackadaisically we were treated. We informed the hostess that we would be seeing a show within 2 hours, but it took over half an hour minutes just to get a drink -- we hadn't even ordered our meal at that point. Once we did finally, dishes proceeded to trickle out at a torpid pace. With 20 minutes before our show, we had to ask for the check with dessert -- and even then, it took another 10 minutes for dessert to hit the table. We had to madly scarf it down and dash across the street to make our show in time. The entire meal, we felt on edge about the time, simply leading to a dismal dining experience. Maybe this is the spot to go if you have a completely free schedule -- but certainly, don't be fooled by their Pre-Theatre offerings.
Really great place to eat! 

I was taken here for a birthday surprise dinner with my boo. We were welcomed by staff as soon as we entered. 

We were seated at a small table in front of the big window so we would have an intimate area while also people watching since we enjoy doing that. 

I wasn't aware that this restaurant was a tapas place and had only been to one other tapas type place before so was looking forward to trying it again. I ended up ordering a beer with my meal and we started off with some croquets, we also tried some avocado toast and got some steak to share with some pork belly that was fried. All the foods besides the steak was new to me and I never had it before but I was surprised about how tasty it was. 

The waitress was super friendly and was helpful. When we were getting ready they said enjoy your show... and to my surprise the dinner was just the beginning, and a great start to my birthday night. I would definitely come back again because I enjoyed the food and service.
More of a 3.5 Star review I'd say! Oloroso just opened in the old Petruce et El space and I was excited to try it!

Winners:
Eggplant tagine - with ginger and honey I think it tastes like it belongs in an Asian restaurant instead but it was so good so I don't care!

Octopus - with chickpeas was amazing. Well cooked and the flavors went so well together it was a huge hit. It also comes with some chorizo. 

Shrimp - the shrimp had some peppers on it which provided the perfect kick, so good!

Bread - yes, the bread they give the table. It had a lovely garlic oil on it and we really enjoyed dipping it into the sauces from the octopus and shrimp dishes. We ordered seconds! 

Not bad:
Short rib boquerones - interesting treatment of short rib. Not the best thing I've had, a bit dry, but better than most boquerones I've had 

Paella - obviously we had to try the paella. We got the seafood one as the other one was a bit too rainy for us (it had rabbit and snail - were adventurous eaters but couldn't foray into this just yet). It could have used more seasoning and seafood but it was close enough. 

Blistered peppers - simple blistered shishito peopers. Yum!

Need some work:
Cod boquerones - just tasted like fancy fishsticks. 

Patatas bravas - overcooked so harder to eat and could have used more aioli and seasoning. 

Spanish tortilla - so many high hopes for this, one of my favorite Spanish tapas usually. It basically just tasted like an omelette with vinegar on top - which a Spanish tortilla shouldn't taste like at all. Not sure if they're trying to add a twist to the traditional Spanish tortilla but this was unrecognizable sadly. 

Churros - they actually tasted like the 1 egg and 1 banana pancakes I make for breakfast with some chocolate sauce on the side. Bit too greasy and crispy. But they were sweet and put a bday candle in it for my friend which was so nice!

We definitely came here ready to compare it to Barcelona bar and overall I think I enjoyed B.B. better. I think Oloroso is still finding its footing and I would go back in a few months to see if anything changed. Service was fine. Though sometimes the waiter was great and we were homies and sometimes snarky. Mood swings? Who knows. We were the only patrons so I don't know why asking for chorizo on the side or for more bread was annoying to him. Probably the only two things we requested all night. Wasn't the worst experience though!
Wow. What a treat. I bookmarked Oloroso because I've been craving Spanish food lately. Before this past Sunday, I can't remember when I last had tapas. And if that's ever the case in my world, something is wrong. One very important detail that I must have overlooked upon bookmarking, however, was how impressive both the wine selection and overall wine acumen are here. The food was fantastic but this place bears the name of a popular Spanish sherry for a reason. The wine had me weak at the knees and the sherry knocked me down altogether. The food wasn't quite five stars (it was close!) but the entire beverage program should be bound up in leather and put on display somewhere. Get in here before the hype travels.

Came to Oloroso with the parents on Sunday evening. I learned of its existence through Eater Philly and my dad read the Inquirer's glowing, front-page review of it a few days prior, so we eagerly set out to try it.

The space itself is decently-sized, relaxed vibe but still classy. We sat in the back dining room, closer to the wonderful chefs making our food. Our night started and ended with incredible drinks and incredible service. We decided on one cocktail to start before moving to wine. I got the Doc OC (Rye-based), which was superb. My mom ordered a brandy-based, egg white drink which was very different but equally fabulous.

Wine is really where Oloroso shines, though. And we didn't need to request the sommelier--our waitress knew more about wine than any server I've ever encountered, hands down. I tried one white and one red, both Spanish and very unique. The selection here is robust and carefully curated. You can ask for a side-by-side tasting comparison, which was a big help to both me and my dad.

You can't go wrong when it comes to food here. Everything we tried was delicious. There's a lot of variety on the menu with lots of interesting stuff going on. I could tell a lot of thought went into the creation of each dish, lots of great flavors and near perfect execution. Mostly shareables, a few larger options. Our eats, below:

Mixto (three cheeses, two charcuterie): A
Excellent plate. We loved everything. We got a chef's selection, two sausages and three cheeses, all of which were very different and very tasty. I often pass on charcuterie/cheese in favor of other apps, but this one's worth it. 

Marinated Tuna w/ Fresno Chile, orange, sesame: A
Light, fresh, citrusy and spicy, this plate was elegant and well-balanced. Great combination of flavors and textures and a wonderful plate to start out with. 

Brussels Sprouts w/ chorizo vinaigrette, breadcrumbs: A
Every good tapas place has a brussels sprouts dish with some sort of pork element, and Oloroso is no different. Warming and super tasty.

Roasted Cauliflower w/ pine nuts, golden raisins, sherry vinaigrette: A
Most cauliflower plates tend to fall flat for me so I don't usually order them, but this one was yummy. Interesting preparation, great flavors, fitting for wintertime. Nice texture, well-balanced, just well done overall. 

Scallop Escabeche w/ Ajo Blanco, honeydew, Iberico Bellota: A+
What a gorgeous dish. I tend to not like scallops but boy, am I glad my parents wanted to order this. Gorgeous presentation, conceptually creative, great flavors.

Grilled Octopus w/ chorizo, chickpeas, Harissa A+
Unbelievably flavorful. Could have done with a bit more octopus and not as many chickpeas, but that didn't take away too much from my enjoyment of this dish. The components here all worked perfectly together and the harissa made it all the better.

Lamb Shoulder w/ PK gastrique, farro, cocoa, hazelnut: A
Similarly, wish we got a bit more lamb here. It was more noticeable with this dish than the octopus one. That said, again, the flavors here were incredible. Really interesting/unique conceptually. Rich and grounding, yet exciting. 

Almejas con Jerez (littleneck clams in sherry): A+
Just delightful. This sherry sauce, whatever its preparation entails, is remarkable. I could've eaten these babies all night. The flavors were light yet complex, elevating the clams as opposed to overpowering them. Perfectly executed. 

The last graph is reserved for our dessert sherries. One was a lighter sherry, the other, a fortified one. Both unlike anything I've ever consumed. The sherry selection here is by far the best I've seen. I know very little about sherry, but when a venue boasts *this* many types and all of such a high quality, you don't need to be a somm-in-training to know what's happening at Oloroso is top-notch. The lighter sherry was interesting--drier than most dessert wines I've tried. The second, well, let's just say I can still recall its taste. It was a spiritual experience. I've never wanted to savor something so much. I'd say I want to bathe in this, but that would be offensive because this sherry deserves to be sipped SLOWLY and with devotion. Again, props to our waitress for her wild amount of knowledge and spot-on bev recommendations.
One of Philadelphia's finest restaurants. The rustic ambience, the cocktails and the tapas are sensational. For the first course, we tried the Spanish omelette, Brussels sprouts seasoned with chorizos vinaigrette and shrimp toast with squid ink and mangalica lardo. The shrimp toast is one of the most innovative yet tastiest tapas you'll eat in Philadelphia. It blew my mind!! 

Who knew Brussels sprouts could be so delicious? The chorizo vinaigrette seasoning is a touch of pure innovation and class. I'd also recommend the calamari and squid ink rice - a rare find, yet one of the best dishes I've had in recent times. I'm adding this to my list of favorite restaurants in Philadelphia! Two thumbs up
The teacher who taught me Japanese for four years of high school was the sweetest human being who was tortured by L's and R's of the English language, and who could possibly blame her. I imagine her pronouncing Oloroso...anyway back to the food. Came here for $20 three course lunch during restaurant week and enjoyed stuffing my face! 

What I ate:
tortilla de patata
wood oven pork belly
squid ink rice
churros 
cocktail: figure of speech

My faves were the pork belly and the calamari on top of the squid ink rice - the rice itself was a little salty, but kinda tasted like the briny ocean so I guess it was appropriate. The best thing was probably the complimentary bread - super fresh sourdough that comes pre-sopped in olive oil
with fat flakes of salt on top. 

Bottom line: Fun place to come share some small
bites, maybe a little pricey for the portion sizes but they clearly know what they are doing.

To try next time:
croquetas
braised lamb shoulder
roasted pig's head???
Vibes: casual, intimate, earth tones 

Tasting notes:
-Bread service: dense, chewy slices of sourdough with a drizzle of olive oil; we actually asked for more to mop up the sauces from our tapas
-Eggplant tagine: a thick disc of eggplant with charred edges and a soft inside; honey was the dominant flavor, and the slices of pepper on top gave the dish a refreshing touch 
-Pork belly: another sweet dish, the thick, crispy pieces of pork belly were paired with light greens and toasted peanuts
-Lamb shoulder: meat was flavorful, accompanied interestingly enough with a bit of fat; the chewy farro, along with the dark, lightly sweet sauce, made for a delightful spoonful 
-Octopus: very tender, and the sauce was savory and spiced; soft chickpeas added substance, and the thin slices of chorizo were surprising bursts of saltiness
-Paella: I really loved the high ratio of seafood to rice as well as the bits of crispy rice along the edges and throughout the pan; the shrimp were large and well-cooked, the crispy,fried octopus added yet another texture to the dish, and there was again chorizo sprinkled into the dish for that concentrated meatiness; there was a bowl provided for the mussel and clam shells, which I appreciated; along with the other tapas we ordered, the smaller order was actually enough to satisfy four people
-Valencia Supreme: airy, floral soft serve in a chilled glass cup topped with crumbles of crispy shortbread, a clean-feeling finish to a lovely meal 
 
Other thoughts:
-Service was quick and friendly
-The tapas are the size of a light appetizer for one

Would come back for: the paella!
I've had a revelation. Upscale tapas places are the most promising Restaurant Week deals. They serve the same menu in the same quantity every single day, regardless of RW, so you don't run the risk of getting something "mass-produced" or subpar. My fiance and I came for dinner and we absolutely loved our experience. We were seated in the back right by the oven and observed all the cooking action, and even spotted the executive chef/owner Townsend Wentz eating pizza with the other staff. Ironic but endearing. Food was great, service was fantastic, and will definitely be back!
This tapas place was an incredible find. It is right across the street from the Forrest Theater, which makes it super convenient. But also, the food and drinks were incredible. The cocktails are super unique and well balanced, and the sherry selection is amazing (a cream sherry with dessert? Okay!)
The tapas small plates are perfect for sharing and everything was delicious! Special recommendations for the Spanish Panzanella and the Gambas al Ajillo! 
The house made sourdough is a perfect accompaniment for literally everything you could possibly order. 
The atmosphere, food, drinks, and wonderfully friendly and knowledgeable staff make this place a must try. Definitely take the leap and go here for your pre-theater dinner, or ANY dinner.
Few things make me happier than a good happy hour-and wow-does Oloroso have it down pat!

My gal pal J. and I braved a stormy evening to visit Oloroso and try their wares. One sits at the bar for happy hour, but this is a comfortable, softly lit place with beautiful windows overlooking 11th and Walnut St., so we were fine with that. We started with the sherry on tap for $6. If your only experience with sherry is either the salted cooking stuff (which should be banned) or the sicky sweet liquid your Aunt Penelope doled out from a sticky, dusty old bottle once a year then you need to get down here for some education!

John, the bartender, was very helpful as we choose items to enjoy with our drinks. We got the cheese and meat platter; in our case, an aged blue goat cheese, 1 Spanish sausage and 3 chorizos with a dab of honey for something sweet, a small bowl of olives with what tasted like candied fennel (amazing!) and a serving of some excellent, rustic wheat bread. Since this was dinner for us, too, we added the shishito peppers (not great-to me, they need to be blistered as hell and these were not that well cooked), raw marinated tuna which comes with chiles, citrus and sesame seeds with a side of very thin, shatteringly crisp black rice crackers and roasted eggplant tagine. That was incredible. It had spices like Christmas, ginger and honey, it was as soft as a baby's palm and managed to be savoury, too, not unlike a roasted acorn squash but much, much better. It comes garnished with sauteed piparras, a thin Spanish pepper that is not spicy. No bitterness or seediness in the eggplant at all and we wanted to lick the plate. 

I asked for another type of sherry, just to try, and said I did not care that it was off the happy hour menu. I can't recall what John selected, but it was dry, nutty and fantastic. J.'s second drink of the night was a cider and while I don't care for it, hers was quite good and did not have that almost kombucha/sauerkraut-y taste many ciders have. 

The bar was quiet and John gave us plenty of space but was marvelous at checking in just enough so we never felt ignored. I asked why the bar was not elbow to elbow with people and he said Oloroso had just started doing happy hour-so we should spread the word. Happy hour drinks and appetizers are in the $5 to $6 range and for the quality offered, this is a serious bargain. Sherry, by the way, is not a sissy drink. 2 glasses and I was definitely feeling it.

We noticed a couple as we left who had ordered the pig's head-one of Oloroso's speciality items. It was a sight to see. Not my thing, but I will most assuredly be back for many more happy hours here. Go! Treat yourself and thank me later. : )
Philly has another 5 star restaurant in Oloroso! I enjoyed my meal from start to finish and the service was impeccable. I opted to try a bunch of items from the tapas part of the menu. My meal consisted of the initial house made bread service, shrimp on shrimp toast, brussel sprouts, short rib croquetas, bacalao (salted cod) croquetas, squid ink rice, and lamb shoulder. Each dish was outstanding! You can't go wrong with any of those dishes. Squid ink rice is my new favorite rice. The shrimp on shrimp toast was the most memorable dish. The toast was coated in squid ink and the shrimp on top was layered with different preparations of shrimp. I'll have dreams about that dish! For dessert I had the chocolate cake and a soft serve ice cream that had bread in it. I can't remember what it was called. It was the better of the two desserts, but both provided a satisfying end to a wonderful meal.

I'm looking forward to going back to try the paella, which looked delicious on another table. And of course I'll order the shrimp on shrimp every time. I don't see it on the online menu, but I'm hoping it's a permanent menu item. I'm happy to welcome Oloroso to my 5-star club!
Bad experience. When we walk in with a group of 5 people, the host lady, blonde short curly hair with black round glasses, came and want to see our vaccination card. I showed her my vaccination card on the phone, she straight up said that my vaccination card looks fake, and took my phone away and show to other employee to ask them if it real without my permission. I feel disrespected, and it destroyed my emotion of coming here to eat. She also said that she will not let us come in if we don't have our card in a rude way. We understand that because of Covid, we need our physical card , but at least you can say it in a kind way, I just felt unwelcomed. However, the food and service is great, maybe they should change another host.
I went to Oloroso for happy hour prior to going to the Forest Theater.  It is hard to find Oloroso during the summer because of the windows are open and obstruct the signs. That doesn't stop people from coming in because of the restaurant was packed.
I tried the Bacalao Croquetas and they were delicious.  All of the staff were nice and helpful, they made everything so easy.    Would love to come back for dinner or do another happy hour here.
The food is gorgeous and I enjoy it, the server also really friendly, helpful and nice. But the old lady host that has short curly hair is so disrespectful that she use an impolite way to ask for our ID for the vaccine card, I didn't complain about the restaurant asking for a vaccine card but she is so rude and I feel not welcome.
I got recommended to this place by a friend so I decided to check it out and reserve a table for five. As we walked in we were greeted with a hostess who has a blond curly short hair that asked if we have a vaccine record card, we said we do and showed it to her but then she accused one of my friends of having a fake record card with a roundabout attitude. I understand if its because we had a picture of it, as we dont have a physical copy. At least have polite intention about our situation. Also after we showed her she then asked about IDs with it, we only got notified to bring vaccination card with no specification about physical or not. The only positive experience I had here with my group is our server who serviced us. The guy is really well mannered and pleasant to have a conversation with, he would occasionally come over to the table and ask is everything is okay. As for the food I think its quite delicious especially the stone cooked they had. I would recommend this place for the food and service but not an entree welcome if you don't have the necessary information.
I loved it here! Came on a Tuesday and it was so much fun. Our waiter was friendly, funny and sociable. Service was excellent. Highlights include the octopus (!!!!), the olives and the marrow. The atmosphere was cozy and warm. Perfect for a weeknight drink and light dinner. Can't wait to go back and try the paella!
I was excited to try this place, however unfortunately it turned out to be a horrible experience. I went on a Saturday night with a friend, intending to order our meals at the bar as reservations were not available. Upon entering, there was only one seat open at the corner of the bar. Since we were a party of two, my friend and I decided to order cocktails and wait for other parties to  finish and relocate for more room. A party of six finished and my friend and I attempted to head over to take two of the seats. I was immediately stopped by the owner herself, who rudely instructed me to go back to my seat because others were waiting to be seated. She acted as though she was a bouncer for seats at the bar, which is odd to me as the bar is not for reservations! It's first come, first serve. Turns out the people she was holding the seats for were a party of 4 so there were 2 seats available all along. All this wasted energy for nothing. Simply put she was unnecessarily controlling, extremely rude and ruined our experience. On top of this, she went as far as asking us to leave her restaurant immediately when my friend spoke to her about how she treated us. It's unfortunate that the owner felt the need to flex her muscles, micromanage seating at the bar (whoever heard of such nonsense?!) and show poor customer service! Her own employee, the bartender, was apologetic toward me as he witnessed how she made me return to the corner of the bar like a child in time out.
This is an addendum for the newly rolled out brunch.

Friends and people who know me are aware that in addition to being vain, I am also a very spartan eater during my work week. Other than walking and yoga, exercise is one of the banes of my existence due to my innate laziness, thus my food intake Monday through Thursday is pauper-ish. Having said that, as a result, a cracking good happy hour or a brazenly luxurious brunch are 2 things I seek out to the best of my ability on a regular basis. Since Oloroso puts on such a splendid happy hour, it seemed only logical that their brunch would be just as delightful. 

Because talk of the new all you can eat brunch was on all the food blogs I follow, it seemed wise to make a reservation. Who wants to stand and wait for an hour, stomach growling, on a Saturday morning? 

Oloroso opens at 10:30 a.m. on weekends so 11 a.m. was the time we chose to start feasting. I use that particular word because this brunch is a $25, all you can eat tapas spread that includes 3 kinds of paella, croquetas, marcona almonds, olives, cheeses, tortilla espagnole, albondigas, several seafood salads, fresh roasted pork loin, roasted salmon and smoked brisket as well as dessert and I am sure I forgot to list some things. The buffet area is as long as a regular bar so trust me when I say there is much to choose from here.

After getting there just on time, the gent at the front desk unhospitably showed me to the back room. He mumbled something at me when I arrived and gave my name but it did not seem worth pursuing. My thought was that I did not have to see him again or eat with him, so he could say or think whatever he pleased. 

Brunch was not all set up when I arrived but I was provided with a drink menu so I sat and waited for my co-conspirator in consumption, who bailed on me by text (too hung over) as I sat waiting for him. My drink arrived (The Tuxedo) and I asked my server how one went about procuring brunch. He was very kind, walked me to the set up and talked me through all the dishes. It's quite a spread with a little something for most folks (can't address vegan/vegetarian as I am neither). A few versions of "toasts"-avo and something else, a shakshuka type egg dish, deviled eggs, octopus, shrimp salad, beets (splendid!), spuds in various configurations and so on. Most dishes had a label next to them so no one new to tapas (or fuddled from Friday debauchery) had to play guess the ingredients. In addition, the guys behind the counter were extremely cheery, gracious and helpful. 

When I made my first go 'round, the hot meat and fish were not out yet. I took a spoonful of this, a forkful of that and a tong full of something else and went back to my singleton table to sup. All of the food was good, but some of it really needed to be much warmer than it was and that is my gripe. Most tapas are traditionally served at room temp but today was chilly and windy and frankly, that did not endear me to potatoes and other comestibles on the very tepid side. I was checked on several times as I ate and wanted for nothing but some warmer food. After watching more folks come in as the hour grew later, groups of two, clusters of six, my stomach said it was time to go for round 2. On this little trip, I tried the brisket. It was falling apart, melt in the mouth tender. I threw some albondigas into the mix, more of the heavenly beets and some croquetas. Since I was drinking alone, I passed on another libation. 2 modest plates of good quality carbs and proteins filled me up. I did not see the desserts but had no room for or interest in them, either. 

I was not offered coffee or tea as "afters" so I asked for my check and was out the door, $40 plus tip, later. By then, the restaurant was getting a little busier. Not crowded by any means though.

Would I go back? Not immediately and if/when I did, I think it would be more fun with a group because what goes better with tapas than a pitcher of sangria!? Hedonist that even I am, quaffing 64 ounces of booze alone is not in the cards for me. 

This brunch is a very good value for $25 as you are not just getting fried, carby "filler" dishes; there is a fantastic variety of tapas for all taste buds. 

I'm just pouting because I wanted my spuds hot. Woe is me. : )
I had a phenomenal dinner experience at Oloroso. We ordered five tapas and everything was great. Two of the dishes (eggplant and clams) were out of this world good. They also have a fantastic selection of Spanish wines and Sherry. 

Dishes ordered:

Spicy Chorizo (A-): sliced thin served with fresh green olives
Roasted Shisitos (B+): roasted just right but not a standout by any means 
Eggplant Tagine (A+): outstanding. have never tasted eggplant like this. The caramelization from the honey makes it taste more like sweet squash 
Braised Lamb Shoulder (A): excellent. Lamb incredibly succulent and cocoa farro rich and delicious
Littlenecks(A+): outstanding. Sherry broth with onions and breadcrumbs
Back again with other friends and one with a birthday. The friend in our party that made our reservation included that it was a birthday celebration in the comments on the reservation page and our wonderfully attentive server made sure to recognize the birthday and to mark it with a candle. Very sweet touch. The reason why I'm adding to the review is that one should not dine here without ordering the paella. Oh my gosh! The dish was remarkable. The seafood was cooked perfectly, the sofrito was delicately flavoring the dish and there was the bottom touch of rice that didn't over power the dish but added the texture and fullness to the seafood. It was delicious! I highly recommend this dish...and this sweet spot for tapas, celebrations, cocktails and everything that is good.
Oloroso is the type of place I enjoy in the city... intimate, quaint, upscale yet casual at the same time. The menu is Spanish tapas with some larger main dishes. I will note that the menu on their website was not the one available at my visit. As a vegetarian I like to be prepared and know if there are veggie options up front. With no main veggie dishes available, I had plenty of small tapas plates to order from. The server did tell me they could prepare a veggie paella that was on their menu previously. 

There were 5 in our party and we shared some dishes among the table. So a variety of items were ordered. The cauliflower was delicious! The Brussel sprouts, and tortilla de patata (Spanish omelette) were very good too. My meat eating dining companions tried a variety of meat and seafood dishes. We also ordered all 4 desserts on the menu with everyone sampling.  The churros were yummy and if you like creme brle, you have to try this one. The orange flavor in the dessert was spot on!

Really enjoyed the dining experience here. They have a nice bar area. Good music mix was playing too. Service was friendly.
We stopped into Oloroso on a weeknight. The storefront is inconspicuous and unmarked, but once inside, the restaurant extends back surprisingly far. On the night we went, Oloroso's atmosphere, with its dim lighting and muted conversation, was almost romantic, but in my opinion, the menu is best enjoyed by a group. 

Our waiter, Matthew, was attentive, knowledgeable and enthusiastic about the food and drinks menu, and just one of the friendliest waiters I've had in a while. Sometimes service is simply another cog in the dining experience; Matthew definitely augmented our meal. On his suggestion, we ordered the 1/2 pig's head - and it was incredible. The head is marinated for 24 hours, then roasted, glazed in sherry, and finished in a wood oven. It arrived on the table looking very much like a pig's head (skull and teeth still intact), and contained some of the most succulent, flavorful meat I've ever had under a perfectly crispy layer of skin. The pig's head is also served with sides of shishito peppers and patatas bravas and three delicious dipping sauces - to me, the presentation was like Spain distilled into one intense dining experience. 

Matthew also made some lovely wine and sherry recommendations (and took the time to describe the flavors and how they would pair with our food selections). Having just eaten at another Spanish tapas restaurant in Philly the night before, I couldn't help but note that Oloroso's wine selection was much better (and correspondingly pricier), and their food preparation was just much stronger.

Tapas-wise, we went with the bacalao (salt cod) croquetas, the gambas (shrimp) al ajillo, and the eggplant tagine. All of them were absolutely delicious - the gambas in particular blew us away. For dessert, we went with the crme catalan, similar to a crme brle, but with notes of citrus and cardamom. (It was a tough call though - the churros with spiced chocolate and the valencia supreme sounded so good!)

Oloroso doesn't seem to focus on any one area of Spain, instead sampling flavors from across Spain, yet beautifully captures the boldness and wild fun of Spanish cuisine.  Our meal total (before tip) for the three of us came out to ~$190 for the pig's head, three tapas, dessert, and five drinks - pricey but worth it for the special experience. We didn't have a single dish that was less than excellent, and we left thinking about who else we could invite the next time to eat the many tapas and shared plates (all those paellas!) that our stuffed stomachs would not let us try.
I love tapa restaurants and this has officially become one of my favorites!

Customer service from hostess to bartender to waiter was probably one the best I have ever experienced in Philadelphia. Everyone was so friendly, accommodating, and gave great recommendations. 

We had a reservation for 5pm on a Saturday. It was the only one left on open table so we figured we should try and be early especially since we've never been and didn't know if we were going to have trouble finding the place. We arrived around 440 and realized that they don't actually open until 5pm but the hostess was really nice about us being so early. She offered us a seat at the bar and some water while we waiting for them to finish setting up. Not shortly after taking a seat the bartender also approached us and offered to get us a glass of wine or beer even though he was still in the process of setting up and they still didn't open for at least another 15 mins. 

When we were seated our waiter promptly introduced himself and gave us menus. I had a lot of questions since we had never been there before. This place is known for their tapas, paella, and sherry. I wanted to try them all but really didn't know much about the last two. Our waiter gave great details on all the dishes we asked about along with providing amazing recommendations. 

If you are interested in trying out some sherry and never have before then this is the place. They actual offer a sherry tasting flight in which you can mix and match 3 different kinds. We ended up doing a flight where I picked from what our waiter described as the semi sweet sherries. They also gave us a taste of one of the sweeter sherries on the house which was greatly appreciated and really enhanced our tasting experience. Overall the sherry was good. Probably not my drink of choice but the flight was fun and interesting to try out. 

For tapas our waiter recommended about 4 for 2 people if you are also going to order a paella. We ended up picking the calamari, patatas bravos, and meatballs. They also gave us an eggplant tapa on the house. All were fantastic but if I had to pick the calamari and patatas were probably my favorite. The calamari was light and perfectly crispy. The patatas came with some spicy peppers which added a nice little kick. The meatballs were very flavorful and I loved the sauce they came with. The eggplant was interesting. A bit too sweet in my opinion for eggplant but overall a really interesting flavor combo and I was so glad they gave us one to try. 

We got the Oloroso paella for our main. The meat and seafood in it was amazing. Everything was cooked really well. I loved the chorizo pieces in it. Very flavorful. My only negative with the paella was the amount of onions mixed with the rice. The ratio was pretty much half and half and I'm not really an onion person and wasn't expecting having such a hard time eating around them. This is a dish that is made for multiple people so I didn't want to request excluding any ingredients but my partner also agreed that the onions were a little much and next time we will probably request them being left out. But overall we really enjoyed the dish. 

We also made sure to save room for some dessert here since I had heard such great things about their olive oil cake and it did not disappoint. It was very fresh from the cake to the whipped cream to the mint leaves on top. Very interesting flavor combinations. Highly recommend saving some room to try this. 

Even though we already had our eyes set on the olive oil cake we still asked our waiter for his dessert recommendation and descriptions of a few other items that sparked our interest to make sure we chose correctly. We initially expressed interest in what was described as a burnt caramel pudding which sounded very interesting. We ultimately chose the olive oil cake but was also given a small sample of the caramel pudding to try which was really nice. The pudding was very good also. Much sweeter than the cake. Highly recommend for those with a sweet tooth. 

Overall amazing dining experience and I can't wait to come back! Staff, food, atmosphere all amazing!

Make sure to make a reservation if you plan to stop by on a weekend as this place was packed not soon after they opened up until we were leaving.
Man, have I been sleeping on Oloroso. I walk past it at least 3x a week but have never really noticed it shoved between Xanadu and the old Irish pub. It's directly across from the Walnut St. theatre so it's a great pre-show dining option.

We loved all the dishes we got, and it was so reasonable - $90 complete! We got 6 dishes to share between the two of us. I was hangry (as per usual) and was afraid it wasn't going to be enough, but the portion sizes are big so the hangriness ebbed away with each course. 

The garlic shrimp and wild mushrooms had these dried crunchy stuff we mistook as meat initially, but they were tiny little croutons! Best surprise ever. Their homemade sourdough was amazing to soak up the sauces with as well. We told our waitress we weren't drinking, but she brought us these amazing complimentary rose mocktails from the bar that would be amazing in the summer!

The only other tapas place in my rotation is Amada, but Oloroso is not only closer and cheaper for me, but they also have larger portion sizes and have comparable food. I'll opt to come here next time I want tapas (so like next week).
If you like Iberian food/ Spanish tapas. This is a definite must try! In the last month I've already been 3 times: once for dinner and twice for brunch. It's a gem restaurant 

For dinner: my friends and I tried the roasted pig head, pulpo app, veggie paella, a beets app and another salad-ish app. My favorites were the roasted pig head, the pulpo and the beets. The pig head looks a little daunting when it arrived. Ours had some tongue and teeth! But it is so delicious. The skin is super crispy and the meat just falls off. The flavor is very clean, lightly seasoned so that you taste the pork.It does get very heavy bc of the oiliness. I would recommend splitting it b/w four ppl and getting some lighter apps or acidic apps to cut through the fat. Pro tip - try the cheek meat. It is super tender and very flavorful. I would have this over bacon any time. It is that good. The beet app that we ordered went really well with the pork. It's almost like pickled red beets - just right amount of acidity. There is a white sauce that tones the acidity down. The pulpo was done very well, tender and not rubbery. I hate ordering pulpo and getting a rubbery octopus, it ruins the flavor and the experience. I wasnt thrilled with the veggie paella. Granted paellas aren't typically done vegetarian and it can be very difficult to get into the rice base. We had a vegetarian with us, and there weren't too many vegetarian options outside a few apps.

The Brunch is AMAZING. For $25 it is a steal. There are so many yummy options, they even have their paellas! It is best to get the hot foods fresh (right when they bring it out, bc the longer they sit the drier and more cooked they get). A couple dishes I'll call out: the beef brisket and salmon are amazing when freshly brought out. Their deviled eggs with anchovies are a delicious twist. The anchovies don't overpower the egg, although, if you love anchovies there is a plateful of them. Another favorite is the meatballs in a red sauce - very tender and juicy. The saffron rose water pudding with the yogurt like topping has a delicate taste and is a great way to finish off the meal.
On my return visit I discovered that my favorite dishes from my initial  5 star review are no longer available. Their replacements are not quite as good. No more shrimp on shrimp toast. In its place is an avocado and crab toast. Very good but not great. No more squid ink rice either. I tried the ny strip steak. It's sliced into very thin tast slices, but there was a little too much heat for my taste with the hot peppers it's served with. The bacalao croquettes are still as delicious as last time. Dessert was a sweet raspberry cheesecake. But again, not as great as the desserts I had last time.

My guess is that there is a different chef now than on my last visit.  Sad to say I must drop Oloroso down from its previous 5 star rating.
I have attempted to come here several times but never made it until I caught Mama Mia up the street at the Walnut St. Theater. The restaurant is small in size but large in flavor.

To start the meal we had shrimp,  bomba de barcelona, charred eggplant tagine, squid ink rice, chorizo blanco. This restaurant is a tapas location so we had several small plates. The shrimp was amazing,  the eggplant was bold, and the squid ink rice was heavenly. 

You must try this restaurant if you are in downtown Philadelphia.
Had a reservation for dinner with friends before a play at the Walnut Street Theatre. We ordered paella and many different tapas plates and really enjoyed sharing and sampling everything. The food was outstanding! The bread was impossible to keep on our table, as we all devoured it as soon as it arrived; it was insanely delicious. We were a bit concerned that the paella wouldn't come in time for us to enjoy before we had to leave to ensure we made it to the theater on time. It did, and we ate it quickly. Afterwards we had to jog to make it to the WST in time, but we didn't mind having to burn off the extra pieces of bread we'd all eaten. I look forward to going back.
I discovered Oloroso after looking over the restaurant week options and decided to come for lunch after reading its positive reviews. 

The interior is cute and charming -- the assemblage of exposed brick, warm lights, woody tables, and pine cone table ornaments create a warm, cozy feel as soon as you walk in.

We ordered off the restaurant week lunch menu and shared all the dishes. In short, I would recommend ordering at least 3 dishes per person off a standard menu. Each dish was quite small and at first I was worried about portion size, but luckily for restaurant week lunch you get to choose 2 plates for the second course (4 plates total per person including dessert) so I ended up pretty full by the end of the meal.

I got to try the bacalado croquettes, ensalada de espicana, tortilla de patata, and garrotxa for the first course, all menu items on the second course (squid ink rice, wood oven pork belly, brochetas de pollo, gambas al ajillo, buselas asadas, papatas bravas), and the churros and creme catalan for dessert.

I especially enjoyed the bacalado croquettes (perfectly salted cod), wood oven pork belly (super soft and tender), squid ink rice (topped with a couple pieces of calamari, unique and flavorful -- beware your mouth will temporarily stain black!), brochetas de pollo (super juicy and soft chicken pieces topped with pomegranate pieces), gambas al ajillo (so flavorful! big shrimp pieces), and papatas bravas (good portions, great for potato lovers, chunky hearty tomato sauce). The presentation for all the food was lovely. Although the flavors were good, I felt like some food that was prepared came out a little lukewarm for my liking (like the squid ink risotto and the tortilla de patata). 

For dessert I highly recommend the creme catalan over the churros. The creme catalan is a smooth custard that's a little citrusy...and delicious! The churros were ok, they were a bit brittle for my liking. 

Overall I thought the food, ambience, and service was lovely, and I thoroughly enjoyed my meal. Because it was restaurant week, our meal was also only $20 per person (pre tax and tip) for lunch which was amazing.
What a fun experience. When confirming our reservations about a week before our dinner, we requested that a "Half Pig Head" be put aside for us.  

Steven, our server, was very informative as well as enjoyable to talk to.  He told us about the Tasting Menu that could be added to the pig head order. This gave us an exceptionally large choice of items to sample.

The only one that fell a little short of expectations were the Bacalao (salted cod) Croquetas, which we found to be on the dry side.  To list all the other delicious items we tried would take up too much space!  Some exceptional ones were: Squid Ink Rice/Calamari Frito, Marinated Tuna and the Little Neck Clams in Sherry. The Charcuterie board was delicious as well.

The pig head was outstanding, with so much meat that we had leftovers the next day.  The crispy skin was absolutely fantastic and the meat moist and tender.  A server carved the entre, pointing out pieces not to miss.  Don't let the pictures or the idea of what you are eating "freak you out" - it was delicious. 

So with dessert, 3 drinks, before tax & tip, the bill came to around $175. Expensive but worth the experience.
Oloroso presents skilled and sophisticated food in a charming, colorful setting. It's upscale, but in a relaxed and friendly way. It's a place for vintage boots, not designer stilettos. When I've visited, the crowd has been tastefully dressed but informal. Lots of comfortable cashmere sweaters and artsy earrings, not so much evening dresses or full-on suits. I'd characterize the overall vibe as "smart casual," which seems like a good fit for a Spanish tapas(-ish) place.

All the food we tried was excellent. The patatas bravas were substantial chunks of potato, crisp and craggy on the outside, fluffy and piping hot inside. Usually when I've had patatas bravas, they're closer to the Amada tater tot presentation, so I was a little surprised to get these big rustic chunks instead, but once I got over that surprise they were great. The tomato sauce is intensely rich and the thin-sliced peppers were just hot enough to cut through as a sharp, fresh accent.

The chicken was amazing. The roast chicken at Oloroso is what all chicken should aspire to be. Incredibly tender, suffused with woodsmoke, and accompanied by a velvety saffron-tinted jus, it might have been the best roast chicken I've ever tasted. I'll have to get it again to make sure. Maybe three or four times. Just in the interest of accuracy, you know?

Seafood is another real strength here and you can't really go wrong with any of the options. Shrimp on shrimp, cod croquettes, grilled octopus -- all excellent.

Drinks were also very good. I tried both the red and white sangria and loved both, as well as several of the specialty cocktails. I'm not a big sherry drinker, but I figured this was a good opportunity to broaden my horizons, so I asked our server for a recommendation for a dessert sherry and she steered me toward a cream sherry that was exactly what I'd been hoping for. I'm still not a huge sherry buff, but I figure if you come to Oloroso, you owe it to yourself to try at least one glass, and if (like me) you're not too knowledgeable about sherry, it's a good chance to learn. The servers know their stuff and are happy to offer some guidance, which I always appreciate.

Oloroso is a great addition to the Philly dining scene, and I hope to be back soon.
Came here for brunch buffet ($25 pp) for a birthday, and we were nicely accommodated, even as a party of 10 with 2 children. 

The buffet didn't have much variety, but that also meant everything was made well. Also, items were made in small portions so food was hot and fresh. Brunch ranges from various types of eggs, potatoes, pallella, carving station, and charcuterie. The food itself is placed in the back area where the chefs are cooking, so you can actually see them making the food; more the reason to know nothing shady going on with your meal! 

Unfortunately, small selection + small portions also meant every time I went up to get food, about 50% of the items needed to be refilled. I spent a lot of time standing around and waiting for my food. Also, they don't label what the food items are, and we had people in our party that had food allergies, so again, a lot of wasted time asking what each individual item was and what the ingredients were. The chefs were more than happy to explain the items, but that also meant interrupting the people who are at the stove with fire and hot pans. Not only is that slowing down the cooking for an already emptied out buffet, but also seems to be putting the chefs in a situation to burn a body part or 2.  

Overall, a great brunch option, but if you have any allergies or are picky about specific ingredients, I would go somewhere else so you don't have to ask 9 million questions to someone who will have to multi-task with fire to answer.
I've been wanting to go to Oloroso for a while now and I'm glad I finally made it there! We had a nice experience and enjoyed our meal. There were definitely some more stand out dishes than others, but overall we enjoyed everything we ordered. 

Our party of 4 was seated right away and service was great all night. I ordered the Can't Beet Thyme, which was so delicious. I love a more savory drink and the addition of beets was a nice twist. 

We got a lot of tapas and split them all. Portions are small, so be aware of this when you order. We ended up ordering a few more things as we were eating.

The best ones were: 
Cheese plate- We tried all the cheeses, because we picked 2 and ended up ordering another platter of other ones. They were all sooo good and came with cute accompaniments of olives, nuts, and jam. 
Octopus- Probably one of the best dishes I've had in a while. Octopus was perfectly cooked and paired so well with the chickpeas and chorizo. The sauce was delicious. 
Patatas bravas- Can't go wrong with potatoes with a spicy kick. We ordered 2 portions!
Charred eggplant
Scallops con batata
Gambas al ajillo 

Good but wouldn't order again:
Squid ink rice
Brussel sprouts
Tortilla de patata
Brochetas de pollo 

We also got 3 desserts. The churros were a little disappointing, but the other 2 were good (just blanking on what we got currently!)

Overall a fun meal. It was about 70/person which seemed reasonable for drinks, a lot of food, and desserts. We left full and content!
Oloroso's $25.00 AYCE brunch is terrific! Pretty 2-level space, friendly and helpful staff, and terrific food! Very much appreciated the tapas style, so we could try a little of everything, and that the tapas was put out on small platters, so you knew it was freshly made--kitchen is open, so you can see and chat with the chefs.

Favorite savories: mushroom toast, shakshuka, pickled beets, brisket pork, milk toast (a/k/a grilled cheese!), spicy potatoes, deviled eggs, olives, charcuterie, melon.

Favorite sweets: chocolate pudding, burnt cheesecake, homemade yogurt and granola with fresh strawberries and blueberries.

Will definitely be brunching here again!
I have been to Oloroso every time I go to Philly n business. I can't wait to make another visit when travel picks up again. Fresh, inventive food and great bar. The wait staff was knowledgeable and patient the first time there. The restaurant makes their own bread, and it is worth the trip alone. Hang in there!
Food is absolutely delicious. Every dish done right. 

Loved the service. The waiter was so kind. She helped us with choices of drinks and they were the best.

Ambience is perfect for a romantic evening.
I'm definitely going back to this place.
Came for happy hour on a weekday and had a great experience. They had a wide selection of sherry and other drinks which the bartenders were very knowledgeable about.

My friend and I shared a few plates together and all of them were delicious. My favorites were the roasted eggplant (surprisingly with a hint of sweetness) and the meatballs (moist with a nicely flavored tomato sauce). Though I wasn't particularly impressed by their charcuterie plate, especially for a Spanish restaurant.

I will definitely be back to this spot to try more of their tapas, it's a solid place for a casual hangout or dressy meal
Snagged a spot for Happy Hour utilizing the COVID- outdoor dining. Seats were 6 feet apart, and the staff were following the proper protocol. The restaurant is right off of 12th street and there was a good distance between our seats and where pedestrians are walking which is important. On to the food:

We got a mix of things from the happy hour and dinner menu. This is a tapas style Spanish inspired restaurant, one of about 5 in center city.

HH Menu/Tapas- Sangria, Bacalao Croquettes, Patatas Bravas Skins, Pork Empanada, and Crispy Chickpeas, Complimentary Bread.

Everything was delicious. The Bacalao Croquettes were top notch. Fresh fish and a nice crispy exterior with just the right amount of lemon. The Patatas Bravas Skins were good, but we would've preferred some potato meat as well. We asked if the HH bravas were different than the dinner menu, she said no, but I think she was wrong, they were still good though. The empanada was tasty. The chickpeas were pretty good, but I would skip them next time. The complimentary bread is outstanding!

Raciones - Gambas Al Ajillo, were fresh, but nothing to write home about. A bit more garlic would have been welcomed.

Bocadillo - Fried Chicken, this was a Korean style dish, so not Spanish in the slightest and definitely not a bocadillo. However, it was executed very well. The chicken is beer battered, so the crust is tasty and the chicken very moist. The kimchi and aioli helped bring it together although, the bread got soggy really quickly. The fries that come with it were also a hit. 

Postres - Basque Cheesecake, Churros, Burnt Boudino, The cheesecake was textbook and delicious, I wasn't a fan of the pickled cherries because the vinegar was a bit overpowering, but that might be a personal preference. The churros were huge, but had great flavor. The chocolate dipping sauce had a hint of spice, but was far too bitter to be enjoyable as a dipping sauce. Thankfully we ordered a side of whipped cream and that was perfect. Lastly, the Boudino was ok, can't compete with Barbuzzo.

Overall:

Complimentary Bread 5/5
Crispy Chickpeas 3/5
Patatas Bravas Skins 4/5
Bacalao Croquette 5/5
Pork Empanada 5/5
Gambas Al Ajillo 3/5
Fried Chicken 5/5
Basque Cheesecake 4/5
Churros 4/5
Boudino 3/5
After hearing about the $25 brunch buffet I knew that this was next up for my weekend brunch plans. The BF and I enjoyed our meals - just a few minor tweaks and this will end up in heavy rotation. 

First, the service was just okay but inconsistent. Getting refills on coffee was a little challenging and there was one cup that was of questionable quality. We didn't do booze but the drink list looked pretty awesome so I'll have to give that a try next time. 

The food was excellent. There was a ton of variety on the buffet and everything was beautiful and perfectly cooked. My only complaint is that not everything was labeled or familiar so it was trial by fire. Luckily everything was good. :) 3 different types of deviled eggs and all were terrific. Another stand out was a paella with bacon and sunny side up eggs as well as the beet salad and the tabouleh salad. I also really enjoyed the brisket. I also loved the croquettes - though I am not sure what was in them. 

Word to the wise, my reservation was for 10:30am on a Sunday but the buffet wasn't ready until about 10 minutes later. Not a big deal but worth noting to manage your expectations.

I am looking forward to another brunch here in the near future. Perhaps I'll treat myself to a pitcher or sangria or one of the other marvelous looking drinks.
I had dinner here tonight to celebrate my good friend's birthday. The restaurant is beautiful with a sizable bar and back dining room. I made a reservation and asked for a table by the window which was graciously granted. The food was beautiful. The eggplant, pork belly, and shrimp on shrimp were especially nice. The service was lovely. Our server was funny, gracious and accommodating. I also enjoyed a tequila cocktail. This place is special. I'll be back.
the food was fantastic! i see that there are mixed reviews on yelp but my friend n i had a lovely experience, the bill definitely came out to more than i was expecting.. but i'm guessing steeper prices come with the name of Townsend. 

let's discuss the food first.  for 2, we ordered 4 tapas (from course 1 and 2) and the paella to finish.  we got the squid ink rice, bacalao croquetas, grilled octopus and brussel sprouts.  for me, the most memorable was the squid ink rice ($15)! there was so much flavor to it! it is paired with fried calamari but that definitely was not the star of the night... the rice! my goodness...it grabbed my undivided attention, stopped my conversation and i just savored all the creaminess in my palate.  maybe i'm exaggerating.. i get overly excited about squid ink dishes at any restaurants b/c it is so damn delicious! for oloroso though, my eyes lid up to their squid ink rice! this is a must try!! 

i also really enjoyed the bacalao croquetas! don't know what was in the fried batter but it was super appetizing and carried a nice crispy crunch.  it was placed on top of a yellow sauce.. couldn't really taste what it was, but in my mind i kept asking for mustard lmao either way, it was delicious the way it was.  the idea of being a fish stick never crossed my mind~ the filling had definition and texture.  for sure, it was not the same as ie fish and chips... 

grilled octopus... i mean come on, it's not a tapas place unless they show some tentacles on the menu.  i loved the pairing with harissa.  the dish again was packed with flavor.  the heat from the harissa was awesome! really tasty and chickpeas were a good garnish for it.

brussel sprouts ($10)... it was very salty lol couldn't taste the balsamic at all.  for $10? sorry this i thought was completely unnecessary.  skip

paella with chorizo, shrimp, mussels and clams.  overall, i liked it, i thought it was too buttery/oily for my stomach.  if the rice was more on the simple steamed side with just the right amount of broth, it would be great! i think for comparison, i still enjoyed the paella at mixto more.  also, one order is good for sharing between 2 b/c the dish is very heavy.

in conclusion, the food was one of the better experiences i've had.  this was also a pricier meal for the amount of food we ordered... i agree that the price per tapas should be like $2-$3 less.  the portions seem small but kind in mind, one spoon of each dish goes a long way meaning the food with all the salt, butter and cream will anchor down your stomach so you really don't want a lot of it.  i think they're all excellent small bites that will be awesome when paired with wine.  it isn't really a place where you plan on eating your heart out.  for me, it would be great to return with some friends to catch up over a long relaxing dinner.  i would love to return soon! but the price no doubt deters me.. hopefully, olorosso can meet the philly locals in the middle and transform more into a neighborhood gem.
I tried Oloroso a couple of months ago with a large group of friends. The restaurant was just opening so I will give them the benefit of the doubt In many aspects. 

The service was really good I'm not going to lie. All the waiters and waitresses were very attentive and kind. 

The environment is also very cozy but nothing shocking. From what I remember is that it was very plain and simply decorated, but still pleasant. 

Now the important part. 
1. Drinks and cocktails. I do not believe they had the option of a pitcher of sangria when I went. This might have changed- not sure. But if you were at a large party like we were It was a modest $15 for just a glass per person, and with a group of 7 that wasn't the most affordable of options. 
We ended up getting some bottles of wine but it would have been nice to complement our Spanish tapas experience with an affordable option for sangrias


2. The food. Everything was delicious and perfectly cooked and seasoned, but way too small and way too pricey for what it was. For a group of 7 like we were we had to keep ordering 2-3 of everything because the tapas were just that small. And I have been to other tapas places and understand the concept that they are small dishes to share but these were just TOO small. Probably one or two bites per tapas which was just really hard to share. The price-quantity ratio was just very off. 

Some of the things I would recommend to try are 
- short rib croquetas  
- squid ink rice 
- grilled octopus 
- gambas 
- bone marrow
Went here for the restaurant week deal. I don't really like Spanish cuisine, so any negative comments are purely based on my personal preferences and not the quality of Oloroso's food:

-Belgian endive salad. The combo of walnuts, apple, fennel, and blue cheese was refreshing. It was pretty heavy on fennel so if you're not into that you might want to skip this. 
-Garrotxa. Sourdough bread, jam, cheese, almonds, olives. Hard to mess that up.
-Churros. So light, soft, and crispy. Definitely the best churros I've ever eaten and I've had a lot of churros.
-Burnt honey budino. Sort of like a salted caramel custard but better. It was incredibly sweet- almost too sweet, and I have a sweet tooth. 
-Eggplant and pork belly were alright, not my fave.

Important note- Oloroso knows how to make a cocktail. The gin, beet, and thyme cocktail was amazing and I don't like gin, beets, OR thyme. 

The ambiance was romantic, the service was impressive, and the outdoor seating was lovely despite some loud traffic and Jefferson helicopters hovering around. 

If you like Spanish food, you're going to love Oloroso. If you don't like Spanish food, you're going to like Oloroso.
Came to Oloroso on a last minute whim and I was not at all disappointed! We tried almost everything on the menu but the stand out dish for me was the octopus! Perfectly and deliciously executed! The portions are on the smaller side so you will probably end up ordering a bunch of apps and small plates but for 2-3 ppl it's fine. The drinks are just as delightfully pleasing. Overall I give this place a 7/10 and would recommend for a date night bite
What a fabulous night!!!!

I held my fiancs birthday dinner here and it was our first experience. Myself, my fianc, and friends, were all blown away by the amazing food,  service and hospitality. 

When we arrived, we were delighted that the management had printed "Happy Birthday Matthew" on the tops of out menus. What a great touch!! We had also brought in a birthday cake, which was designed to look like a computer, and they happily served it along side a delicious ice cream the pastry chef had prepared. 

Our server, I believe his name was also Matthew, was top-notch. And I mean that. He was attentive to every single details and was able to recommend tasteful additions. This guy needs a raise!!! We all left so happy. 

Thank you Oloroso staff for making my love's birthday so memorable.
Extremely rude front desk staff. I will never come back. Don't waste your time coming here. You will get looked up and down before the host decides to seat you even if the restaurant is completely empty. They were extremely judgmental. A couple came in after we did who also did not have a reservation, and they were offered the outside seats that we were denied, but they turned them down to sit inside. I asked the host how come we couldn't have those seats, and she did not have an answer and continued to point us to the bar. Meanwhile, the entire restaurant was empty except for us and the other couple.
Stopped on whim after an afternoon mtg downtown. Great idea! Cozy spot, lovely bartender who explained the menu, picked a white wine for me and selected the items for our charcuterie. Also ordered 2 yummy specials not on menu. Amazing atmosphere, flavorful tapas menu...just what the doctor ordered!!! Nice staff too. Will be back, and we don't leave the 'burbs too often!!
Took my parents there for lunch on Saturday, and we all really liked it, from the food, to the atmosphere and the service.  One of my fave tapas experiences in Philly.  I look forward to going back.

We loved all the dishes - eggplant, beets, octopus, scallops, paella.  Their freshly baked bread!!! Their desserts were outstanding!! Sangria was delicious!
A for effort, B for quantity, C for cost.

Must get: scallop, pork belly, squid ink rice, blistered peppers
Meh: shrimp on shrimp
Missed: main courses, pig head

It is quite a shame that we live in the amazing foodie nation of Philadelphia, and I can't find a tapas spot that offers the perfect blend of specialty treats with wallet-conscious menu options. While Oloroso offers a great variety of classic and novel tapas, i.e. the shrimp on shrimp (shrimp toast with squid ink brioche), I felt that many of the items were definitely way over priced and the taste of each dish was rather mild and difficult to appreciate. My favorite during our 1st course extravaganza was probably the scallop and pork belly, which were expertly prepared, albeit, small enough to be consumed in one bite, rather than shared. The shrimp on shrimp was a visually appealing concept, but when it came down to taste, all I could think of was shrimp paste due to the imperfect blend of texture and smell. All of the dishes were also fairly oily and made us feel mildly queasy by the end of the meal. Due to the $30+ charges for the main courses, we opted out during this visit, but may consider if the portions are reasonable...we'll see.

At the end, we had a good time, but with the cost in mind, I'd look elsewhere if you wanted to enjoy a guilt-free tapas night.

Food: 3 stars
Service: 3 stars (forgot our food)
Price: 2 stars
Ambiance: 3 stars
We arrived at 10mins to 5pm, according to yelp they where open from 11am, it was a holiday and we did not call so that was on us. Peered inside and saw they where closed, we stood in their little entry way trying to find something close by due to the fact that it was 15degrees outside. Right when we felt all was doomed, a lovely hostess opens the door and asks if we have reservations, another "my bad" moment as we did not and it is restaurant week! 
Luckily she sat us at the bar and the journey began.
The atmosphere was warm and inviting, the service was simply perfection, even more impressive the chef brought us our main enter which made he fish all the more alluring. 

Hot toddy: warmth and comfort in a cup, great for a night where it was single digits outside. 

Patatas Bravas: delicious, the potatoes where crispy, cheese was just right and the sauce was fresh. We continued to dip our bread into it, couldn't get enough. 

Queso y Charcuteria: I can't tell you which cheese and meats we ordered but they where all delish, served with green olives, salted almonds and a thick fruit jam. The fresh made warm bread with a drizzle of olive oil and a sprinkle of salt was just too good for words. 

Charred Eggplant: intense flavor that swirls on your palate and the crisp scallions on top add a freshness to the dish. 

Roasted beets: served cold, the lemon crema was light and airy I wish there was more of it. Another perfect dish. 

Braised Lamb Shoulder: if I had to pick a dish to eat forever this would be it. I don't normally like coco sauce with anything savory but this blew my mind. It wasn't sweet but intense with all the flavors from the coco, the crunch from the hazelnut, the lamb itself melts in your mouth. The toasted farro brings the dish a comforting feel. Heavenly. 

Paella Oloroso: served by the chef, the presentations as lovely. Very thoughtful to serve and empty bowl for the shells. It was a dry Paella with a crispy rice bottom to look forward to, my husband loved this dish. 

Smoked Sugar Churro and the berries where a hit, great end to a spectacular dinner. 


Thank you Oloroso! I'd fly to Phily just to eat here.
What a warm, inviting, and quietly elegant restaurant. Fantastic food. Interesting authentic flavors. Easy, well-paced service and terrific drinks. Octopus w chickpeas and shrimp toast were highlights of our tapas dinner. Also really enjoyed the beets and scallops. Tuxedo #1 cocktail tasted very authentic with Fino Spanish sherry. Highly recommend.
We went for the first time this weekend and overall it was good. Atmosphere is on point for the theme and everything seems to flow well, with their staff being very knowledgeable & accommodating. One negative was that we ordered the Paella, which came out cold. Not a big deal, we let the server know and he took it away, asking if we wanted another. We said no, that we probably over ordered and to not worry about it. He came back with one anyways and said the chef made it even though we had passed. It was great - don't get me wrong. But when the bill came, it was still on there. I just felt as though it should have been removed considering the circumstances and that we asked to not reorder the first. Made it an awkward ending to the experience. I may be back, depending on occasion.
I usually think the best way to evaluate restaurant is by the food purely and simply. However, our customer service experience at this restaurant was so poor that it overshadowed the meal. We had what was already a late reservation at 8:45. We showed up an hour early and spent over $100 on the bar tab. At 8:55 we inquired about our table and they said it'll be a minute, but at 9:15 we still weren't seated. We had friends in town from the suburbs who had a babysitter. It just seem to be no urgency to sit us for our previously arranged (weeks ahead of time) reservation. When the manager came, there were many apologies and said she would pay our bar tab. We told her that we had settled up ahead of time in anticipation of being seated. She apologized and said she would "make it up to us". We were finally seated about 9:25 PM.Our service continued to be slow as our waiter was very deliberate, and we had to track him down a couple times (especially when it was time for the check)We ordered a large amount of food and more drinks. We had 3 vegetable dishes served "complements of the chef".  They were our least favorite items of the night.The items we ordered were actually quite good, but the portions were very small. Honestly we were so bummed out at that point because we knew we'd have to rush through dinner.When our check came, nothing was comped, as we expected SOMETHING to be. We really not are the type of people to complain so we just let it go and chalked it up as a bad experience; one that we will never return to or recommend.

Again, the food and drinks are very good, if you have the time. I think Jamonera is more authentic with better service.
Was dying to try this place as I love tapas, and we were celebrating a birthday, for which they automatically printed "Happy Birthday" across our menus from clicking a button when making my OpenTable reservation.  The craft cocktails were very interesting.  I was generally happy with the tapas we ordered, but the third course items seemed a bit pricey for what we received.  I liked the Serrano Wrapped Cod, but it was probably not worth $28.  The best deal was the delicious house sourdough ;)
Loved the adventurous food. The squid ink rice is a MUST. I'd easily go back just for that alone. But there are a ton of other tapas I need to go back for.
I really enjoyed this spot! I asked my hotel concierge for recommendations, and this place topped her list. A short walk and a seat at the bar on a Wed night - still fairly busy! 

I ordered a nice variety of things. I read a bunch of reviews saying the squid ink risotto was great, but I wasn't feeling it. Here's what I got:

1. Blistered peppers - crispy and seasoned perfectly. 

2. Tortilla de patata - surprisingly filling and dense, with an amazing sauce.

3. Pork belly - worth every penny. Seriously, the crisp they get on the outside of this is just delicious, and seasoned so well.

4. Butternut squash daily special - a really nice roasted squash done in sous vide first, and perfect sauce and spices. Highly recommended if they have it when you go.

Also got some of their bread which kicks ass. And a glass of red wine which wasn't that memorable, but their selection is good. 

Check this place out! I really enjoyed the food and atmosphere.
Prefix tasting menu, pretty sizable food for $35/p, bu the better is their Shery. I'd never encountered a restaurant with sherry draft before this.
Flawless meal. Tapas highlights include the sherry clams, octopus with chorizo, squid ink rice, short rib croquettes, and blistered peppers. 

The Paella Valenciana with rabbit, chorizo, escargot, etc was another gem. The rice was perfectly cooked with a great crisp finish from the wood burning stove. I also ate half a pig's head which was intimidating at first but one of the best things I've eaten all year. 

Ask them to pair the meal with a sherry and a wine and you've got yourself a winner.
Superb food and service! Really well crafted menu and huge sherry selection! Don't be fooled by small plates they is more food than you'd think in each 1st and 2nd course offerings - great tapas! Thanks Matt!
I was craving paella and a friends' mention of this place sent me exploring the menu, and ultimately to eat there. 

Everything our party of four ate was delicious. We started with a charcuterie plate with a few divine cheeses and two types of meats, as we mulled over the menu. And their bread is so fresh, noteworthy and  worth the indulgence. 

For our next course we shared the charred eggplant tagine, boquerones, marinated tuna, short rib croquetas, grilled octopus and smoked lamb shoulder. We ended up ordering a second boquerone they went so quickly. As an entree, we all shared the large Oloroso paella, with clams, mussels, shrimp, and traces of chorizo. 

For dessert, we had a gelato, and a wonderful spin of a crisp cinnamon stick accompanied with a chocolate sauce. Both were scrumptious!

The only dish we were all lukewarm on was the croqueta. My favorite of the appetizers was the tuna which was a flavor bomb. I also thought the eggplant was quite flavorful and unusual. I loved the saffron flavoring of the paella, though I thought the seafood was a little over cooked, and the dish skimped on chorizo. Not surprisingly, as the flavors of paella improve with time, my friend said the leftover paella was even better the next day. 

I loved the decor. We sat in the front room but as I went up to the ladies room I was inspired by the cheese table, pig leg, wine room, and just cool space. I would definitely return. However, that part of the city, while close, is area I don't frequent. And, no particular dish compels me to rush back. But, it was quite good and definitely worth a try!
Went for dinner with my sister. Really nice staff and ambiance. The tapas were fine. But $44 for a half serving of paella and there wasn't enough seafood? I've had better tasting and more reasonable priced paella in the city. A price reduction would be probably my only criticism.
Absolutely excellent experience!!! I walked in to a warm welcome by the hostess and had a seat at the bar while I awaited by guest. The bartender was awesome! The drinks were well made with a great attentional to detail (I'd recommend the pisco sour). For dinner, we had the chef's tasting and wine pairing. The food was awesome, a little heavy in the use of chickpeas but delicious. The server (Matthew) was on point the entire night. 
Another winning restaurant from the Chef of Townsend. I'd definitely recommend this place!
My boyfriend and I came here two nights ago since it had just opened. We were excited to try it since there was nothing in the space for a while since the previous business closed down, so we made a reservation for 5:30. Later on, we decided it was a bit early so we changed it to 7:30. The restaurant actually called us to confirm because there was an issue with the change and it didn't go through, which was nice. 

The restaurant was very tastefully decorated and the hostess was very sweet. There is not one bad thing I can say about this place except a brief encounter with the bartender. 

When we first came in, the hostess said our table was still being set up so would we like to have a drink at the bar? We said ok and there just so happened to be two available seats at the end of the bar. We took off our coats and my boyfriend said to one of the bartenders something about how we were waiting for our table to be set up, etc, and the bartender LITERALLY burst out laughing and made a face like be couldn't be bothered to make drinks for people who did not intend to sit at the bar. Since we don't don't drink my boyfriend ordered a coke and I asked for a Shirley Temple. We were so thrown off by his reaction that we just stared at each other like, 'ummmmmmmmm, ok....' while he made our
 drinks. I had not had a Shirley Temple in over 10 years and when I got mine it didn't even taste like one. My boyfriend works in the restaurant industry and when he tasted my drink he said that they definitely used a substitute. I would rather have had the bartender just tell me they didn't have the right ingredients than half ass a drink. 

Anyway, then we were led to our table and we ordered the broquerones, marinated tuna, squid ink rice, and anchovies. Everything was delicious. Our waiter Steve was such a refreshment from the rudeness we had experienced from our bartender.
This place is great! We all did the tasting menu and it was honestly fantastic and a ton of food for the price. An amazing value for $65/person. The highlight for me was the charred eggplant with fennel, the octopus with muhammara and chickpeas, and the cheesecake. But everything was fantastic and I'm excited to go there again to try other stuff the next time I'm in Philly.
Oloroso just made my top 5 list...

Food was great! We ordered about 12 small plates to share between four people.  Everything was tasty and not overly salted (awesome).  Octopus was the star, grilled pork belly was great.  Sardines were fantastic (for those who enjoy).  Churro dessert was legit!  We didn't order the pig head special, but more than satisfied with the variety of tapas that we got.  I really got the sense that the chefs took great care in there creations.  Thank you!

Cocktails were quality and done well; happy that I didn't see a neon red cherry in my drink.  Service was good; nothing to complain about.  Ambience was warm and welcoming; great for date night.  Pricing reflected overall quality of the total experience.

Tip: when ordering tapas for dinner, 2 or 3 plates per person is more than enough for a normal appetite.
The roasted half pig head ($76) is the main reason to come to this restaurant The pig head is served in its full glory (tongue, ears, teeth, snout, etc.) with sides of potatoes, shishito peppers, and 3 dipping sauces. Once you take your photos, the server will remove all of the bones and leave you with a heaping mixed platter of juicy, crispy, tender pork (depending on what part you're eating).  Note that if you're not one of those people who wants to think about what animal you're actually eating, you might want to wait for the deboning to return back to the table.

I gave the restaurant a 4 instead of a 5 because everything else we ordered was good and satisfying but not out-of-this-world. For the 4 of us, we ordered the large seafood paella (a little on the wet side), the wood oven pork belly, the grilled octopus, the charred eggplant, and roasted wild mushrooms. I would happily eat any of these items again, but they were not nearly as impressive as the pig head.

Final thoughts: the pig head came last in the meal so make sure you save room! Some people say that there are a limited number of the pig heads that are served every evening so if you want to be sure to get one, make sure you don't go eat too late. For reference though, our reservation was at 7:30 pm on a Saturday night and we had no problem ordering one.
What can I say. When you go and have been to a great restaurant a number of times and the food, wine, service and ambiance just get better each time, what do you say? Just go, eat and drink at Oloroso you will quickly find out why it is just the best. It is such a superior restaurant in all departments.
My husband and I recently went here for my birthday dinner. Food was amazing! We had the beets and calamari for appetizer and the waiter brought us a complimentary appetizer- the sardines. I never had them and swore I'd never try them but they were delicious! Really fresh. We also had the paella which they modified for us since I eat fish and not meat. Our waiter was super attentive, accommodating, and all the staff we interacted with was amazing. We'll definitely be back.
This was one of my favorite date nights in the city. We needed a reservation for two on a Saturday evening at 5:30. We were seated right away. Our server was really helpful in describing the menu and  making recommendations. Since it is tapas, we had six dishes between the two of us. It was enough but we were not overly full. We wished we ordered two at a time because it came out so quickly. We were finished dinner and drinks within an hour of our arrival. Our favorite was the octopus while least favorite was the clams. I'm not a big seafood person but thought the octopus was delicious: cooked perfectly (not chewy or fishy) and the flavor was fabulous

Loved the open concept kitchen and watching the magic of the kitchen.
We came for brunch ahead of a show at the Arden on a Saturday afternoon. Every dish was excellent. We stated by sharing cauliflower, Brussels sprouts and beets. I ordered soup and croquets. My husband chose the chicken plate while our friends chose the chicken tapas , the anchovies and The frittata. The bread with salt an oil was outstanding. Will definitely go back.
Everything was good esp the steak and the shrimp. The cocktail that was made of mezcal was very good as well! I would def go back!
We had the half pigs head.  It was fantastic, but while advertised for 2, let me say, you are going to want 4, maybe 6.  We ordered the endive salad and beet salad because we didn't realize it came with shishito peppers, 3 sauces and potatoes.  Everything was ridiculously good and I'm glad I got to taste it all, but we didn't finish.... this made me feel wasteful.  but.... So good! Meat is rich and porky, with crackle bits that hit the spot. The salads have the perfect amount of acidity to cut the fat.  You can't go wrong!
I decided to come to Oloroso with my friend for restaurant week and I am pleased to say it compares to Amada - the only other tapas place I've tried in Philly. I ordered Paolo cocktail per waiter recommendation and it was really smooth. I also tried my friend's cocktail with olive oil vodka and brine- I found it salty but she liked it- reminded me of a dirty martini. Next I had the manchego cheese plate which was a bit underwhelming but all the elements- especially the jam were really good and the bread was really nice- we ordered three plates of the bread alone. I also enjoyed the blistered peppers with the sauce it was in, the shrimp with tasty migas/croutons, and the eggplant which was probably my favorite texture and flavor. Everything was savory and seasoned pretty well. I ate everything but I would highly recommend sharing based on the size/richness of the plates. Dessert is no exception- I had the honey budino which was a nice sweet cream to finish. Overall, the execution was consistent and the food came out quickly and well.
A hidden gem! My FAVORITE restaurant in Philly so far. I went a few days ago, for restaurant week. I got the "bacalao croquetas" as an appetizer, which is like a crab cake but filled with cod instead. It was accompanied by a chipotle mayo sauce and it was amazing! Favorite dish. Then I got "patatas bravas" and "squid ink rice" for the main course. I love how crispy the potatoes form the patatas bravas were, accompanied by a delicious not too spicy red sauce and manchego. Looooved it. Personally not a fan of the squid ink but it was accompanied by some great calamari. For dessert, I had the churros which weren't the best but the dipping sauce was amazing. It had a bit of chili which was a fun twist. Overall, great service and the aesthetic of every plate is very instagram-worthy. I'll be back soon!
Delicious!  My wife and I made a quick trip to Philly for the Flower Show and we were looking for a dinner option near our hotel and a little different.  Reviews for  Oloroso were promising and it completely exceeded our expectations.  If offered the chance, pick the "Chef's Table" that overlooks the kitchen.  We spent our meal chatting with one of the chefs who was preparing salads, cold dishes and desserts.  She was charming and artistic and added much to the meal.  We opted for the 5 course tasting menu and started  with Spanish anchovies, cheese, charcuterie, patatas bravas, and shrimp in garlic sauce.  The "main dishes" were grilled octopus and pork belly and then a dish of paella. Really, it was too much food but it was all delicious with extremely clever flavor combinations.  Great cocktails too!  The entire staff was warm and gracious - they seemed genuinely happy to greet us and were unfailingly welcoming.  Definitely will be back!
Oloroso was pretty good. We went for restaurant week and regrettably paella wasn't on the menu so I cannot comment on that but from what we did order the food was pretty good and the experience was nice. 

First things first - the restaurant is located on a busy street but manages to have a very chill and airy vibe about it. Definitely resembles a tapas place you'd find in Spain. We first got a few glasses of wine at the bar and we're quickly seated. The tempranillo was delicious and a perfect compliment to our dinner. We got a few apps and shared them to start. The patatas bravas are okay nothing special. The endive salad was actually very good and pretty refreshing. The seafood was pretty good it came alongside charred shisito peppers which was a nice combination.

 Next up was the main course which was the eggplant for me. It was actually very good and I highly recommend it!  The albondigas we're also pretty good again nothing too special. 

Finally dessert was actually pretty disappointing - VERY oily and tasted mostly like oil. So bad that we didn't actually eat it after the first bite. 

I will go back to try the paella but still a bit disappointed
Went with a group of about eight people. Really hard to give a numeric rating for here. Overall, I had a very nice experience and some of the dishes were outstanding, yet others were less so. The biggest issue for me is more of a general theming (what kind of restaurant do they want to be)? Does it want to be a small plates restaurant with a few larger things (like Amada)? Or does it want to be a more conventional restaurant with appetizers, entrees, etc.? Right now, it tries to straddle the line, which hurts the overall experience.

As far as space and ambiance goes, this is one of the nicer settings in Philly. The service was adequate, but somewhat forgettable (so nothing exceptional really). Seafood was outstanding; everything else was good, but small portion sizes coupled with high-ish prices on some things and an overreliance on vinegar on some dishes complicated the works (on the steak in particular, rendering a very well cooked steak almost inedible). It is broadly authentic as I see it,but things are not always done in a traditional sense (not a bad thing, just something to note).

Recommended dishes:

Scallop appetizer (tiny, but phenomenal); patatas bravas; branzino; bacalao; grilled octopus (also very small, but outstanding). Scallop large plate dish was much larger, but taste was not nearly as good.

Didn't get to try dessert. I'd recommend just getting small plates, and don't come too hungry! Would definitely come back, and seems like a nice place to take my SO.
BEST paella in Philly (in the first picture)! This place is amazing! I've gone for both dinner and brunch and was so happy both times. Brunch is dope because you get to try so many different things (second picture).
Went to Oloroso last night for Anniversary night, 27th anniversary night in fact. Hoping for Intimate + Lively + Contemporary/hip + Great Wine + Interesting food. Got it all. And one other thing--the Service was impeccable, and I mean impeccable. How so? We were running late--45 minutes late in fact. Said that if they needed to they could cancel us. No problem we were told. Came in, place was jumping, and got a great glass of tempranillo and my wife a dirty martini, both very good while we expected to wait. Lo and behold, in 5 minutes, seats in the window. Not cold either, and heated well--a problem sometimes next to the large windows. Sound and conversation good. But here's where I want to stress what's really great here--the Food X Attention to table. We have the Endive salad, the Scallops, the grilled Shrimp, Eggplant (wow) and a bit of bread, then coffee and caramel dessert which was just the write amount. All were excellent--just like eating at a late night restaurant in Spain--the total experience was there. But what I want to add is how good our server was. She was really on her game. Glasses filled. Table swept. Dishes brought in unison. Knew the menu. Timing superb and attentive. Wine carefully monitored. All food hot. Perfect attitude, a real professional. We raved about this place at our next stop, meeting friends. Love the vibe of this place, the lighting, the music, the attitude. New go-to place and we'll be back, with friends.
Incredible. The marrow was something out of a medieval king's table. The bread was incredibly soft and fresh. The paella was spot on. We recieved a personalized menu that said 'happy anniversary' for us, as well as a free dessert. What spectacular service and what good food. And we didn't even have to go to RIttenhouse to get it. It was a great night!
Came here for restaurant week with the fianc so I got to try a couple of different things!

Appetizers:
Gazpacho and squid ink rice were probably the best parts. Gazpacho was tangy and fresh! Squid ink rice was filled with lots of flavor and the calamari was good too. Unfortunately, we weren't served their housemade sourdough bread -- seems like they forgot about us since we noticed them serving it to everyone else. 

Entrees:
Chicken paella - more filling, but kind of disappointing. It didn't really taste like paella -- we've both had paella in Spain and it's more soft and mushy rather than hard. It was yellow...kind of tasted/looked like that Chinese fried rice take out stuff. The flavors in it were pretty decent though and had chorizo, some veggies & tender chicken. 

Grilled octopus - really really delicious flavors, but not very filling. It's served on a bed of chickpeas and this delicious Harissa tangy sauce. The octopus itself was also good, but it would have been nice to at least have 2 of those. Felt more like an appetizer portion.

Dessert:
Churros con chocolate - it was fine; nothing too special. Chocolate was not too sweet which I enjoyed. Churros were a bit too crispy rather than chewy, which is how I usually like it.
I was on a business trip for a few days and i wanted to eat   something good, I'm glad coming to your restaurant wasn't a mistake. I enjoyed eating the albondigas, honestly I've ever never tasted anything better
I love Spanish food so I was really excited to try this new tapas restaurant. The food was great overall but a bit underwhelming (which might be my fault for really hyping it up in my mind). 

We had the bacaldo croquetas (cod croquettes), cauliflower rescaldo, Brussels asadas (Brussel sprouts), and patatas bravas (potatoes) as starters. Loved the croquettes, definitely a highlight but the Brussel sprouts and cauliflower were a bit too soft and soggy. I'm usually a big fan of both vegetables so was very disappointed when eating them felt more like I was doing it out of obligation since I pushed for us to order them. The patatas were good though too. 

We had Gambias al ajillo (shrimp) and grilled octopus as entrees. I have to say, the octopus was very nicely plated, the sauces were a very nice complement and I was surprised with how well it went with the chickpeas. The shrimp was good too but was expecting a larger portion being that it was an entree. 

For dessert we ordered the creme de Catalan and the churros. I would recommend the creme over the churros. Was really great - it's basically a creme brle. The churros were good but nothing special
Open for lunch! House baked sourdough! The chef here will make you change the way you feel about eggplant and cauliflower. Get the eggplant dish. Get the cauliflower dish. I'm telling you! Ask for extra bread. They have some crazy stuff too like octopus ink risotto but I'm not into octopus personally but it's done very well. I guess the owner has three restaurants in Philadelphia and they all have house sourdoughs. I mean I'm impressed, will you be? Probs
Planned a spontaneous date night here the other week and it was hands down one of the coolest restaurant experiences I've had in the city. The staff members were all incredibly knowledgeable and helpful when it came to our questions about the menu, drinks, etc. 

The crispy pork belly was so heavenly that we ended up ordering a second dish when we were finished with the first. Great atmosphere too, and the restaurant front has some gorgeous detailing on the windows that I gawk at every time I pass by. Can't wait to return and try some more items on the menu, the hand rolled pasta was so delicious it almost brought us to tears.
Amazing.  There were 3 of us and I think we tried 7 items, 2 desserts, and 7 drinks.   Everything was delicious.  My favorite two items were the garlic shrimp and mushrooms (I will order them again and again).   The drinks were all masterfully made and the sherry was terrific.  Dessert, omg, the oil cake. 
Next our waitress was so on!!!! She noticed one of us had a cane and made sure where we sat was ok   She also asked if we were going to the theater to make sure we were out on time.   Finally, the restaurant got really busy and she noticed our drinks were taking a long time and she checked in and made sure we got them as quick as possible. 
My only negative....by 6 it was very busy and the poor bartender just couldn't keep up. I am wondering if someone showed up late or called out.   He was doing a great job and moving very quickly but no one could have done it.   
I live an hour away and already have plans to go back.
To be honest, not a huge fan of this spot. 

I had been looking forward to trying it, so I was excited to visit during a happy hour during the week. We ordered a variety of their tapas, both from the happy hour menu and from their main but we weren't particularly impressed by the taste of most of the dishes, and they were relatively small and pricey as well. Unfortunately, I also felt that the service was really lacking; they weren't very accommodating or friendly, and just felt somewhat hurried. The inside ambiance is excellent though - it's too bad the food and service didn't quite match. Maybe they were having an off day but not feeling very keen on trying again.
Located in the middle of the gayborhood with great in door and outdoor seating. The ambiance and service are amazing and friendly. Great selection of Sherry and delicious tapas. Their daily specials are also great and there is plenty of variety. We had about 7 dishes for two people and it was great and filling. Definitely a destination and a must have! 

The Albondigas are great and to die for! Their Pita bread with Zaatar is so delicious and earthy. The best dish is the garlic shrimp and Albondigas for sure!
