Well done!

Had a chance to catch brunch/breakfast here on a Friday morning. They open at 9:30am and we arrived at 9:28am and the place was 3 tables full. Good sign---great minds think alike. 

The place is in an up and coming part of Point Breeze. Parking was a breeze (pun intended). The restaurant is bright, airy, clean, and simply decorated. 

The menu has a lot of options and customizable omelets as well. I browsed the menu and saw they had a chicken and waffle dish (The Clucker). My fiance ordered the omelet with mushroom and spinach. The place is byob so that is fun if that is your thing. Service was excellent--friendly, efficient, and attentive but not overbearing. 

The food took some time to come out but understandable as we arrived really early, and you can't rush good food. The chicken and waffles were amazing! I'll say it...the BEST i've ever had (i'm a fried chicken connoisseur). Although it is a traditional item it has been remastered by On Point Bistro. The waffle is made with sweet potato and infused with maple syrup. The chicken was crunchy and not greasy at all. The poached egg (the menu says 2? i think i only received one?) and hollandaise was equally delicious. 

Would love to try their dinner menu. I'll be back--with the wine.
So glad On Point Bistro in the neighborhood as this is our new go to brunch spot!  We got the chicken and waffles which were delicious - chicken perfectly tender and juicy with a kick of spice and a hearty waffle to soak up some delicious maple syrup.  We also got one of the specials which was a cast iron collection of tomato sauce, sausage, cheese, and eggs perfectly paired with toast.  This is a perfect dish for the cold weather and definitely warms the soul.  Enjoy this one before the lines are out the door!
It's been a while since my last review for On Point when they first popped up in Point Breeze. Since that time, they've become one of my go-to delivery spots, typically for breakfast/brunch. Their omelettes are simply fantastic; I wish I knew how to make eggs like that! The huevos rancheros dish is great as well; there is so much flavor and the restaurant puts sauce on the side when you get delivery which is really helpful. 

Before the pandemic, I met a friend for lunch and tried the falafel pita - it was awesome and I've been wanting to get it again ever since! 

My only suggestion would be to add more options to the create-your-own omelet when ordering delivery. I would love to see pico de gallo and beans as an add-in, since they already have them in other dishes on the menu. Or maybe even a new, Mexican-style omelet option? Either way, love this spot and will continue to support them from afar until it's safe to dine in again!
Welcome to the neighborhood, On Point! I checked out this new spot for a late breakfast today and was really impressed. First, I walked in and received the warmest welcome from pretty much all of the staff. Thanks, all! 

Once seated, I took in the cozy cuteness of the room. I was never at the former business that occupied the space but I understand it was very different. On Point's space is fresh, bright and just really pretty. 

The menu offers tons of great options and I can't wait to try all of them. I knew I was going to keep things pretty healthy with an omelet, but while I was talking to one of the staff members I found out that their fried chicken is made with tapioca flour, which makes it gluten-free. Duly noted! 

I ordered an omelet with veggies and bacon and was extremely pleased. Not only were the eggs fluffy and amazing, but the ingredients were diced up and blended really nicely. The potatoes on the side were incredible. They were seasoned with lots of fresh herbs and I didn't want to stop eating them. 

Can't wait for my next visit (it won't be long!), and wishing this team the best. If On Point adds wifi, they may never get me to leave.
Us city folks go nuts for a new brunch spot, especially one with little to no wait. Put it in an "up and coming" neighborhood that needs more solid dining options and make it a BYO with options for reasonably priced pitchers of mimosa or Bloody Mary mix, and we're sold. 

On Point is pretty 'on point'. (I had to) They offer a fairly blended menu with highlights such as "The Clucker" which is fried chicken over a sweet potato waffle, topped with perfectly poached eggs, hollandaise and Lancaster maple, Breakfast Nachos and corn pancakes with honey corn butter and seasonal chutney. Of course no brunch menu in the city is complete without a towering challah French Toast option. Theirs comes with pecan brown butter, mascarpone and orange zest. The eggs were said to have been some of the fluffiest ever. They are accompanied with house confit potatoes which are without a doubt, a fan favorite. The 'Farm Omelette' with black truffle oil was ordered and loved as was 'a make your own' omelette. 

There's not too many straight vegan options. It's either a house salad or falafel burger which was the route I took. It was huge. Massive. Served with mixed greens and made vegan with avocado schmear and a tasty roll. It's definitely the kind of dish you can eat sans bun for us calories conscious without still being hungry afterwards but that bun, oh so, so good. Just take a nibble. Delish The burger was very tasty, but a tad on the dry side. I asked for some mustard and all was good. 

There's a kids' menu with some breakfast options as well as classic children's fare such as grilled cheese etc. You can also order a side pancake with a drizzle and applesauce center or that incredible sweet potato waffle for just $2 from the regular menu which was actually less expensive. 

The place was bright and airy with minimalist decor. On the small side, but our large party of 6 didn't feel crammed. We had no wait at all on a Sunday around 11am. 

Service was decent. She was on top of La Colombe coffee refills and water, but not overly friendly. The entire staff was actually fairly young which I found odd for a Sunday brunch in the city. We were also a tad taken a back when we were told they have no register when we asked for change for gratuity. Hmmm 

I say give it a go if you're in the neighborhood. Our entire party really enjoyed their meals. 

They also have a smaller, to the 'point' lunch and dinner menu including a variety of burgers, mussels, fish n chips, short rib mac n cheese and salmon, to name a few.  

Don't forget those bottles. BYO
On Point is a great addition to PoB, I love coming here for breakfast. They have a good selection of breakfast omelettes and sandwiches. 
The staff is very friendly and so far I have not had to wait to be seated. The ambience is cosy and comfortable and the place gets a lot of sunlight on sunny days.

Their farmhouse omelette is so light and fluffy and they have the most delicious confit potatoes I have had. I would love it if they had more coffee options with non dairy milk.
For anyone living in the neighborhood this is a must try.
I'm partial cause I live upstairs. I came in for brunch. Had the American Breakfast and coffee. Everything was fast and tasty. I hate brunch crowds but, I love OnPoint. I'll find my window of time. Sure to sample everything on the menu...in time. I'm a fan of OnPoint.
Talk about delicious. Came here before a trip to Atlantic City on a Saturday afternoon for brunch after hearing about this place being so popular and what a good choice. The gps took us to the wrong block but we eventually found it and was able to find a parking spot nearby on one of the streets so we didn't have to pay to park.

We were greeted and seated right away and helped even quicker. We started off with some water, and some tea, as we looked through the menus to decide on what we wanted. I ordered a basic breakfast with eggs, toast and home fries. The potatoes were seasoned perfectly and tasted so good. The eggs were over easy and tasted as if I made them at home- they were cooked perfectly without chicken snot. My boo ordered the French toast which they made out of challah bread- I tried a bite and wished I ordered his meal instead- because it was sooooo tasty! 

If I ever return I'd definitely order the French toast! 

The staff were friendly and welcoming and the food was great! I'd highly recommend this spot to grab brunch.
I wasn't that impressed with On Point, especially when you have other brunch & dinner options nearby with far more varied and reasonably priced selections. I ordered the french toast and I was very disappointed with it: $14 for two medium-sized bread slices. I left still hungry; I wish I had ordered something else. My fellow diners seemed more pleased with their meals-- if I return someday, I'll have to try the breakfast burger or the turkey sandwich instead.
Great new spot in Point Breeze. BYOB. My boyfriend and I went to brunch and were very impressed. My boyfriend got The Clucker - fried chicken and sweet potato waffle. The waffle was very flavorful and the fried chicken was nice and crispy. The soft boiled egg was a great compliant with the hollandaise sauce. I got the Philly cheesesteak omelette - very hearty and not greasy at all. The eggs were light and fluffy and the potatoes were very tasty. We will be back!
We were one of 3 couple's dining this morning. The dining experience was unique, which is a positive. Rustic, clean, and professional.
The service was okay. Just okay because the food took quite a bit of time. When the food takes forever, I'm hoping because they were making the best dish possible. 
The food was ok. My waffle was cold and the hollandaise was thin. Chicken was subpar as well. 
I saw so many other delicious looking meals on the menu, that I will definitely return. 
This place is also a BYOB, so don't forget your bottle!
You know I was very worried going to this place, you know point breeze where everyone getting shot and killed but once I came here everything change so much for the better ! 

This place was apparently opened up 6 months ago, correct me if I'm wrong. The waitress was so nice and cool. I believe her name is Michelle but her recommending on food was on POINT ! LOL. 

The Clucker is one of the favorite dish on the menu so give it a try. It's chicken and waffle with two poach eggs with a sweet sauce.
My mother recently moved into this on-the-come-up neighborhood, and this place matches the neighborhood improvement perfectly.  Great food, made simply, in a relaxing environment.  

Place is getting slammed for brunch on weekends with lines out the door, evidently, and I can see why: the omelettes are legit.   Support local business, and F Trump.
Have dined here on several occasions, a couple of times during overnight stays in Philly and once with a group from Lancaster via Amtrak. 
Each and every visit was second to none. The service, ambiance and food selection and presentation have been amazing. It is obvious the chef knows what he is doing. Some of our brunch favorites are The Clucker; Farm Omelet; and Roast Turkey with Mixed Greens. 
Dinner favorites include Grilled Salmon; Steak Frites; and Fish & Chips. 
If near 20th and Federal in Philadelphia--check out this quaint bistro with awesome food!
On Point Bistro is just that; On point! Overall, my friend and I had a wonderful experience and
our server Bailey was an absolute doll. Very friendly, great customer service and helped with making our selections easier. 

On Point Bistro is a beautiful gem located in the Point Breeze section of Philadelphia. It's in the middle of a rather interesting (sketchy) area but that didn't bother me (I mean I'm a Brooklynite, born and bred). I was quite curious as to what convinced someone to open this restaurant in this particular location, especially since there are no other restaurants/stores in the immediate vicinity. A patron that was dining at a table next to us who lives in the neighborhood told us that On Point Bistro is owned by someone who lives in the neighborhood. I found that to be pretty damn cool!

The food was so good and I see why this bistro is highly rated. I decided on the Philly Cheesesteak Omelet (3 eggs with rib eye, caramelized onions, provolone, Sriracha mayo, confit potatoes, multi-grain toast). Bailey, our server, recommended since I was torn between the omelet and their "On Point Burger." She said their burger, although delicious, is straightforward but a Philly Cheesesteak Omelet you're not going to get from just anywhere. That made my choice so much easier. What a great choice! The egg was so light and fluffy, the steak chopped and well seasoned and the caramelized onions, provolone cheese and Sriracha mayo were the perfect edition. My buddy enjoyed his avocado toast as well, but couldn't finish it since it was a hefty portion. 

This spot has been added to my list of "must returns" when I come back to Philly.
I came to this BYO spot for a friend's birthday brunch.  Like many brunch spots, On Point offers reservations, but only for parties of 8 or more.  We all arrived on time and were promptly seated.  Service was decent, if a little slow.  I imagine this was 95 percent because we were such a large group, so my rating does not penalize for that.  

To eat, I had the Clucker--fried chicken thigh (?) tenders on top of a sweet potato waffle topped with a honey mustard hollandaise and poached eggs.  Again, this was likely related to a small kitchen trying to serve a ton of people at the same time, but my eggs were a little overcooked and did not run when I cut into them.  The chicken was cooked perfectly--crispy on the outside and moist underneath the breading.  The fatal flaw for this dish for me was that it was so sweet.  Perhaps this is a personal preference, but I like my chicken and waffles a bit more savory.  I tried to balance with some hot sauce, but the house made stuff, while tasty, did not have enough acidity to cut through.  Looking at the reviews, it appears I am in the minority in this opinion, but the sweetness of the dish was a little too overpowering for me.  That said, if you like sweet breakfasts with a fair amount of protein, this would probably be an awesome choice.

I also split a side of confit potatoes with a friend.  These were amazing.  They came with a side of tomato sauce and a sprinkling of chives and green peppers.  Delicious!  

I would visit again, but probably try one of the burgers next time (which looked delicious).
A truly wonderful gem. The food is phenomenal. The interior is also cute and inviting. The service was friendly and professional. My wife and I went for breakfast and had the glucker, Huevos Rancheros, and the avacodo toast. The glucker, which was chicken and waffles with a honey dijon hollandaise sauce, a beautiful drippy poached egg, and syrup, was honestly one of the most mind blowing dishes I've ever eaten. The other two dishes were also excellent. The La Columbe coffee was also a delightful addition. We'll be back for dinner as this restaurant deserves multiple visits.
I came here for a friend's birthday and had a nice brunch! She had made a reservation ahead of time since there were 7 of us. We ate outside, but it was a fairly toasty day and the umbrella only covered 5 out of the 7 people, so the 2 of us who were in the sun were pretty hot and later discovered we got sunburnt.

We brought our own champagne, so we ordered several carafes of grapefruit juice and orange juice to make mimosas. To eat, I ordered the Huevos Rancheros (charred tomatoes, black bean puree, queso fresco, guacamole, sour cream, and 2 eggs any style on crunchy tortillas). It was tasty but not out of this world, especially for the fairly high price point ($15). If the portion had been a bit larger or if it had come with a side of potatoes, I would bump this up to 5 stars! 

I definitely plan to come back and try a few other menu items (my eyes are on the Falafel Wrap!) or come during a weekday for the special of anything on the Eggs section + coffee for only $12.
Exceptionally friendly (masked) staff and a cute spot right at the top (point lol) of point breeze. Very accessible but next to the 17th district police district so there is a great potential for first responder activity / sirens. They have a lot of outdoor seating and some cute tables inside too. Free refills on hot coffee before you can even ask for it, and it's BYO so they have a lot of mixers on the menu. The food was good! Obviously got the crowd fav clucker, and I must say the waffle was way better than normal so that was a nice discovery! We will return to try a few more things on the menu with some beer next time!
"The Clucker - homemade sweet potato waffle, 8-oz fried chicken, 2 poached eggs, honey mustard hollandaise, maple syrup"... If this doesn't make your mouth salivate, then you're basically dead! So delicious! As if this weren't enough, there is also the Philly Cheesesteak Omelet (3 eggs w/ rib eye, caramelized onions, provolone, sriracha mayo, confit potatoes, toast). So awesome! And... if you happen to be a vegetarian, there's the Challah French Toast (rum pecan brown butter, mascarpone cheese, orange zest, maple syrup). You will gain a few pounds eating this! This place is typically very busy, so reservations are a must. Inside and outside seating options are available. When I sit inside, it actually doesn't feel like I'm in South Philly, which is interesting.
We came here for my friends birthday, and had nothing but positive things to say about the food, atmosphere, and service!!

We had a large group, and started off with a few apps- the cheese plate, mussels and wings. All of them were delicious, but the cheese plate was my favorite!! 

My husband and I both ordered the short rib mac and cheese for our entrees. If I were stuck on a desert island and could choose only one thing to bring with me- I'd eat this Mac n cheese and die happy. It's that good. Take my advice and wait a few minutes for your sizzling skillet to cool off before indulging.

Excellent choice for a BYO. Would highly recommend! Give yourself enough time to enjoy your meal and a few glasses of wine- they close at 9.
4.5 yelps.  Recently checked out this joint.  Its much brighter and more open than that hipster place before it.  It all starts with the servers... really nice and attentive, even though the place is jumping and loud.  My wife order some breakfast- an omelette- that she loved and I got the breakfast burger.  Good new spot to hit up and switch up from our normal brunch stops.
I came to Philadelphia for a day with some girlfriends. Before we left to head home, we decided to get a bite at On Point. From the beginning, the energy was warm and inviting. We were immediately greeted and instructed to pick a seat wherever we wanted. We were the second group to arrive. I was impressed with the menu right away. I could tell some real thought went into the menu. We ordered our food and drinks. I got the Cluckster and my friends got the Philly cheesesteak omelet and a Caesar salad. I loved every bite of it. I was especially happy when I saw that the chicken was boneless. Both my friends enjoyed their meals as well. Our server was attentive and friendly from start to finish even when it started to pick up. Oh yeah, the bathroom... I appreciated the EVERYONE bathroom signs so much. Overall, I had wonderful experience at On Point bistro.
We went there a few days ago and loved it. You have to try the short rib mac and cheese it's absolutely amazing. 

My wife had the salmon and I had the chicken, both of which were really good. For apps we tried a bunch of different stuff, one item, the Falafel burger we modified and had it without the bun. Highly recommend you try that if you like falafel.
It took me awhile to try On Point, mostly because of my own ignorance that it would be similar to the former inhabitant's offerings, which were "meh" at best. 

Let me tell you, On Point is...well, on point when it comes to food! I went on a random weekday and opted for the Breakfast burger (avocado, bacon, egg, tasty thousand-island dressing). OMG. You guys. THIS is a burger not to be reckoned with. It's up there in my Top 5 list for burgers in Philly. It was tasty, juicy and huge. My mouth is watering just thinking about it.

I can't wait to go back and try the sweet potato waffle and fried chicken thing. Thankfully, I live within walking distance. On Point is definitely what Point Breeze needs. Let's hope for more restaurants like this to open up in this area - it is surely needed!
We planned a day trip with a large party with five toddlers in Philadelphia. It's not the easiest thing to get a reservation on a Saturday for a big party especially with kids but they were beyond accommodating and friendly to accept our visit. They are a family friendly facility and has more then enough high chairs and booster seats. 

The ambiance was beautiful and the food was delicious. I personally had the steak frites and it was perfectly cooked and seasoned. We had some picky eater and allergies but they were able to help with that as well. For dessert had the bread pudding which I really enjoyed as well. 

It is BYOB which was nice too. 

Just an FYI they do up to three different checks/credit cards a group. Luckily we had cash for one of our families and the others were able to pay with card. But nowadays with Apple Pay I don't see this as a negative. 

Thanks for the wonderful evening.
I really enjoyed brunch here! We were able to make a reservation for 10 people and had no issues being seated. I liked that the restaurant was byob because it helped keep cost down. Our server was very friendly (i'm blanking on his name) but he was very accommodating of our needs. 
I ordered the Philly cheesesteak omelette. It was very good. The steak was cooked and seasoned well and I liked the addition of the onions for more flavor. I would definitely go back next time I'm in Point Breeze.
I had brunch here and everything was excellent. We ordered the farm omelet and the pancakes. The omelet was one of the best I've had. I'll definitely be coming back to try some more of the menu.
Amaaaaaazing new little spot. Byo which is always a plus. 

I ordered the lamb burger and my husband ordered the fish and chips. The lamb was perfectly cooked with a nice char flavor while still being moist and delicious. The sauce and bun were a fantastic compliment. Also, the french fries were wonderful. So I know at this point it sounds like such a rave review that you probably think I work here. I don't, it's just that good. My husband's fish and chips were probably the best I've had stateside, and I've had a few. Super crispy on the outside and tender and flaky on the inside. Everything was... Well... On point! 

We're waiting on the flour less chocolate cake and will update if necessary but I'm sure it's going to be phenomenal. 

So go! Go now! You'll thank me!
I'm always a huge fan of brunch, especially when there is chicken and waffles involved! On Point Bistro stepped it up a notch with sweet potatoes waffles. It.Was.Amazing. Honestly would recommend it to anyone coming here. The French toast had yummy flavor as well! The food was great and the coffee was strong, so I was very happy!
I rarely venture into Point Breeze, but was looking for a place to brunch in the neighborhood and remembered high praise about On Point Bistro from an old friend. I was definitely not disappointed! I came with a large group during prime brunch time on a Saturday, but we were still seated right away. I ordered the breakfast burger, which was honestly one of the best breakfast burgers I've ever head. Juicy and delicious with the perfect runny egg. My dining companions were also very satisfied with their choices as well! On Point is a BYO, so don't forget to bring some bubbly or favorite liquor for a bloody Mary/Maria! Definitely a new place I'll be adding into the weekend brunch rotation!
Came for brunch and luckily didn't have to wait long. The room is simple and clean with white walls and wood tables.  The breakfast nachos were our favorites! Extremely flavorful and good big amount.   Being BYOB is always a bonus for brunch spots.   Wasn't as big of a fan of the omelette.  The toppings (mushroom, corn, cheese etc) are not cooked in with the egg.  The egg is cooked separately and then wrapped around like a burrito...meh.  Other than this great experience.
I have been here twice now and both times have had such good breakfasts, I can't wait to get back!    Last time six of us visited and each meal was delish!   My avocado toast was probably the best I have had, not sure what they season it with but it's good.  It normally comes with a poached egg, which I'm not a fan of so I asked for a fried egg.  It was so good.  Also ordered a side of their potatoes which are too die for.  Burgers, sweet potato waffle and turkey club so good! The food is just good! Service also was too.
I stopped here for Saturday brunch on a nice July summer day. There is outdoor seating but I sat inside by the window. Service was quick and friendly. I was seated right away, my order was taken quickly, and the food was on the table soon after. I ordered the challah french toast with bacon. It came with plenty of butter and syrup. The bacon was cooked perfectly and the French toast was delicious.  I tasted my friend's home fries and they were good too. I could see that her over easy eggs were cooked perfectly. They serve brunch every day except monday,  so almost any day a brunch craving hits On Point is open and would be a good choice to satisfy that need.
Update: I went for brunch. It was awesome. My review is a 4.5. I had the farmers omelette. It was a large and well stuffed omelette. The potatoes were delicious and they gave a large portion. My dining partner had the chicken and waffles which is a sweet potato waffle. It was really delicious as well. BYOB.
BEST. BRUNCH. IN. PHILLY.

If you haven't checked them out, this needs to be added to your MUST HAVES. Came in about 15-20 minutes after they opened on a Sunday and we were seated right away. After 1 look at the menu i honestly could have ordered everything but decided to go for the two most popular items:

1. Chicken and waffles (on a sweet potato waffle) topped with poached eggs
2. The breakfast burger with bacon a fried egg cheese and avocado on top of a perfectly cooked burger.

These portions were HUGE and SO DANG GOOD. i seriously can not stress enough how amazing this meal was. It is also BYOB which is also amazinggg and a brunch necessity. Also if you are into food pictures... the food here is picture perfect.

An added plus is how friendly the service is as well as the owners! Can't wait to come back!!!
Just grabbed a Cobb salad to take back to the office.  I'm not a huge fan of chicken but this chicken was moist (don't you just hate that word) and flavorful.  Everyone inside was friendly and the interior is beautiful!  Can't wait to go back for brunch and dinner.  A welcome addition to the neighborhood
My friends and I came here for Easter brunch and had a great time. The food is great, it's BYO, and it's located in our neighborhood! The prices and very fair and the portions were large. The waitress was very friendly and kept bringing out more of our champagne bottles as we finished the previous.
I got the falafel burger and it was great - they top it was a tzaziki sauce, cucumbers, red onions, and some greens. It's served with a mixed side salad, but they let me sub out for fries :)
They were also able to accommodate a vegetarian at our table by creating a eggs benedict with falafel instead of their house made pastrami.

Overall highly recommend, especially to those in the area!
Things I'd like to point out were on point at On Point:
1. Service. Super friendly waitress. Very attentive. 
2. The Clucker: sweet potato waffle, fried chicken, 2 poached eggs, mustard hollandaise. One of the best brunches I've had in a while.
3. The fact that its BYOB. (With mixers for mimosas and bloodys).
4. The casual, bright, neighborhoody vibe.
5. Large tables good for big groups. 

Prices were a bit high for brunch but the Clucker was super worth it. Definitely want to try the breakfast nachos next.
Easily gets 5 stars!!!!!! EVERYTHING WAS AMAZING!!! Chef Lopez talked to me and my guest for more than 5 minutes about the food we had and what plans are being cemented into this establishment. I/ we really had a great time! No hassle. No rush! 

Food choices: 
1. Philly Cheesesteak Omelet
2. The Clucker

DEFLIPPINLICIOUS!!!!!
This is a review for brunch. Cute neighborhood spot but the food was just ok.  Had the avocado toast which was underwhelming and nachos which were solid at best.
The huevos rancheros here are legit, definitely a must try.  Laid back brunch spot that is kid friendly with a kids menu.  The boys didn't love the pancake they ordered though, I guess there are better places in Philly for pancakes.  Service was friendly and there are a few tables outside.
Where to begin?? We just recently moved to the neighborhood and were looking for somewhere close to grub. On point is literally down the street and man am I happy it is!! We've been here at least 4 times in 2 weeks, it's that good. 

First of all, if you go during happy hour (which we happened to the first time) all apps are half off and the portions are HUGE! We got the cheese board and mussels-both amazing. The cheese board was beautifully prepared and the accompanying sourdough and jams were delightful. The mussels were tender, perfectly salty and there were so many!!! For entrees we've had the Cobb salad (seriously, gigantic and delicious) the gnocchi, the burger and a fish dish though I can't remember the name but ALL of the dishes were amazing!!! The gnocchi was pan seared and buttery, the burger was tender and flavorful and the fish was unreal. We went for brunch as well and got the chicken and waffle (get it, just get it). Tender, crispy, buttery, sweet..deliciousness in every bite. The food here is A++++!

Now the staff and interior-could not be sweeter people and couldn't be a cuter place. The hostess has been amazingly kind and helpful each time we've been in and the place is always clean with a rustic charm. 

Lastly-BYOB!!!! How awesome is that?!! So yes, go to On Point. You surely will not be disappointed.

Update! Went last night for dinner. Amaaaazing! We got a nice big spread of food (there were 5 of us). We got the mussels for an app (that come with grilled sourdough that I could eat for every meal every day, no joke) steak frites, falafel burger, cubano, gnocchi and trout. Every single dish was above and beyond. Prepared perfectly, so much flavor and just an absolute delight. I myself got the falafel burger (but tried everything naturally). Falafel can tend towards the dry side but this was moist on the inside crunchy on the outside with a seeded bun and packed and with flavor!! Seriously considering ordering it for breakfast...once again On Point, fantastic job.
Enough has probably been said about the chicken and sweet potato waffles...but this was truly a delicious dish- loved every bite. There were 10 of us and everyone enjoyed everything! Service was attentive and I loved the simple, clean decor. 
We were staying within walking distance- big +
Really everything has already been said. We spoke with Juan Lopez the cook and owner who worked with Steven Starr and Jose Garces. Not bad for training. Food was incredible as was the service. Priced right and BYOB. Busy for only open 6 weeks. Go now before you're shut out!
Great food at a local neighborhood gem. My wife, son, and I went to check out the dinner service and were pleasantly surprised by the great service and great quality food. We ordered the mussels and frites which were delicious. I typically like a clear sauce but the tomato based sauce was very good. We even gave a few bites to our son and he seemed to love it. The waitress recommended the lamb burger and the short rib mac & cheese. Both were delicious! The portions were great and I definitely did not leave hungry. We had been eyeing the bread pudding, but were just way too full! To top it off the BYOB option was great and we brought a nice bottle of beer. Although, we were jealous of the table who brought PBRs. We'll definitely check this place out again and look forward to doing brunch here some time in the future. We love the places on South Street, but not really glad there is a brunch place closer to our house in Point Breeze.
We were very impressed with On Point during our first visit for brunch! Cute space, interesting menu, great service from the moment the hostess greeted us with a smile! We arrived around 10 am on a Sunday (kudos for an early opening time), and the room was maybe 1/4 full, but almost every table was taken when we left an hour later (including at least 2 tables with multiple kids under 2 - just FYI). 

Breakfast nachos were INCREDIBLE. I couldn't stop eating them. (Caution: they are very rich! But worth it!)

BF had an omelette with provolone, spinach and sausage - loved the consistency of the omelette, there was a TON of cheese, but the sausage was a little gristly. Overall, he really liked his dish but I think wouldn't order the sausage again. 

Curious to try the Clucker and to come back for dinner! We will also take advantage of the BYO Champagne for mimosas next time. Great little gem in Point Breeze! 

[Only one SLIGHT negative - the music, an oldies channel on Pandora w/ads, was louder than it needed to be. Had to talk loudly to be heard over it, which mean the overall noise level got pretty high once tables were filled. Maybe turn it down a notch or two?]
This place was soooo on point!!!!! My friends and I visited Philly to watch the Eagles play. We had just got to our air bnb and we were so hungry and we decided to walk around the neighborhood to see what we could come across. We came across this place and it took a while for us to get seated, but we understood because it was a 8 of us. Anyways, we saw people around us with champagne bottles and we ordered that to drink mimosas, but our waitress said it's byob! We couldn't believe it because we can't do that out here in Cali! Next door was a liquor store and we got champagne bottles for our group and enjoyed that with the delicious and savory food they made us! The food was great whoever the cook was thank you! The huevos rancheros was so on point!
On Point is owned by a neighborhood couple. The husband is the chef and the wife is Maitre d' / waitress. I've been for both brunch and dinner with all meals being, dare I say it, on point. The omelettes are always amazing, as is the fried chicken with sweet potato waffle. For dinner, you cannot go wrong ordering the burger. Every time I order the gnocchi up front (and never want to share). The food always impresses and the service is great. The fact that it is BYOB doesn't hurt either. If you haven't been here before, it's time for you to try it. 

Also, I've brought my infant child here twice (once at 6 days and once at 6 weeks). They let us use an extra table for his car seat. Their bathrooms are also baby friendly (and gender neutral) with a changing table in them. It's nice to know that I don't have to change his diaper on the floor of the bathroom.
If you're looking for a quaint, intimate, byob with a great menu and friendly staff, On Point Bistro is the place. The cheesesteak egg rolls were delicious and the house made spiced up ketchup a great pairing. The omelette was seasoned to perfection and the steak with poached egg was yummy. My niece thoroughly enjoyed the breakfast nachos with chorizo and avocado and sunny side eggs and the special of the day Croque Madame, gruyere, pastrami, and egg received rave reviews as well! Needless to say...we will be back!
Went in for dinner and it was delicious. My party ordered the Cheesesteak Spring Rolls and cheese to start and everything was amazing. The cheese was a suggestion of our waiter and he was not wrong about the selection. I ordered the Cubano Panini and it was a top tier Cubano, perfect distribution of all the ingredients between amazing bread. The other people in my party ordered the falafel burger and chicken paillard and I really enjoyed the tastes of both dishes I had. I would eat here again any night! And don't forget it's BYOB!
We came here for brunch and the food was delicious!! We can't wait to come back and try more. This will definitely be a staple in the Point Breeze neighborhood!
Seriously, this was my spiritual brunch awakening. I've always felt like brunch gets so extra, ya know? But I came here with friends to avoid FOMO and I am still thinking about how my mouth had never felt like it did at brunch +24 hours later. I got ~the Clucker~ which was basically chicken and waffles meets eggs benedict and it was incredible. Everyone I ate with was really happy with their meal also. PLUS BYO BRUNCH. I am dragging people back here next time there is a brunchatunity. What a great morning.
Delicious brunch spot, and easy to get a table at noon on a Saturday for a party of 10! BYOB is def a plus and the OJ to make mimosas is very reasonably priced. The Clucker is a must. Half our table ordered this dish. It was large enough that I shared it, with a side of sausage. The waffle is flavorful, and the chicken and eggs are a perfect accompaniment. An excellent alternative to some of the more popular brunch locations in philly (Sabrina's, Green Eggs). They are much more accommodating to larger groups with dishes that are equally tasty and slightly lower priced.
Ok so I woke up this morning feeling terrible. I had a headache it's cold etc. I figured I was probably hungry and ordered from here using Uber eats. An hour later and here I am watching my weekly dose of Cheaters eating one of the best meals I've had in awhile aka my happy place lol. Everything is soooo good. I ordered the French toast, confit potatoes, eggs and bacon. First of all I think this may be the first time in my life that I've eaten home fries with nothing on them. That wasn't in the plan, but here we are. I asked for them to be cooked well done and they didn't disappoint. They're cooked perfectly. The seasoning is perfect. I'm not a huge potato person so me freaking out over of some damn home fries is a big deal lol. The French toast is perfect. Even the eggs were perfect. I forgot to ask for the bacon to be cooked well done (I don't need it well done but I hate the flimsy bacon some places give you). I was pleasantly surprised when I saw that the bacon was cooked perfect as well. Whoever made this can cook their ass off. Plenty of people can make a meal, but everything was seasoned PERFECTLY. Idk I'm greedy I know a good chef when I taste the right meal lol. I'm low key considering ordering more later on...it's that good. I'm sure dining in is an even better experience.  A+++ meal
Second time here and so good again! So far we've had the corn pancakes, challa bread French toast, fried chicken and waffles and the breakfast nachos.  I have to admit when I saw the menu and saw breakfast nachos I thought it was weird and kind of disgusting. Something made me give it a try today and just the flavor of the Fried egg on the salty chips with all of delicious nacho ingredients were indescribable. Spicy but not too spicy and not too overwhelming with sour cream or guacamole. Just perfect! 

I loved the sweet potato waffle but I only like white meat chicken so I was a little disappointed that the fried chicken was dark meat. That said if you like dark meat I'm sure you'd love it. 

The corn pancakes and French toast were completely off the hook delicious. My dad actually said it was the best breakfast he's ever had. For a 70-year-old man who has traveled the world that's a pretty big compliment. This place is so nice. Fresh ingredients, reasonably priced, great selection of food. 

It's awesome that we finally have a great breakfast and lunch spot south of Washington Avenue.
Totally enjoyed the food it was prepared exquisitely. I ordered steak and eggs and OMG the steak was so tender almost as if it was marinated for days.

AMBIENCE: is a very beautiful but quaint corner Restaurant. Seats are limited and they do take reservations.

CUSTOMER SERVICE: the wait staff with plate and very knowledgeable with the menu.
Two stars because the employees are honestly wonderful. 

My "clucker" was overly sweet, the waffle was soggy, and the chicken didn't taste good. 

The coffee was mildly warm and not hot. 

The pancakes were just terrible. They tasted nothing like a traditional pancake and had a very artificial corn taste. They were covered with a sugary sauce that was overly sweet as well. 

Wouldn't be this upset if it was $20. But $45 (with tip). No way.
My wife and I had dinner at On Point. It is a great little place! The dining area is warmly furnished and bright with lots of windows. 

My wife had the fish and chips and I had the short rib mac and cheese. Both meals were tasty, though I wish my entree came with something green as a side... It was decadent!

The dinner menu was a bit short but had a surprising variety. The staff was super friendly and attentive. I can't wait to go back and try the lamb burger!
My first trip to Philadelphia and I must say, I'm highly impressed by the fantastic customer service from reservations to our lovely hostess. Even though we were 30 minutes late due to traffic and wrong turns, they completely understood and still had a lovely attitude about it. 
Now, the food: everything was PERFECT! From the Breakfast nachos to French toast, everything was hot and prepared for perfection. We truly enjoyed the BYOB for mimosas, as what would brunch be without mimosas?  
I can't wait for another trip to Philly just to enjoy the wonderful experience of On Point Bistro again.
BYOB. I've been for brunch and dinner. It's generally easy to get a table here, probably because it's tucked away in Point Breeze. 

Every time I've been the staff has been very friendly and genuine. 

The food is tasty but nothing that blew my mind. That being said I would definitely go back. Why wait over an hour for a table at Honey's (which I love) when you can have just as good food without the wait?
Three words; Chicken And Waffles.  The best I've had anywhere around here.  I will say; the kitchen staff seems to have changed: we have had to send food back a few times; but the recipes are the same and they're usually great
The restaurant takes reservations only. It was nice that we could get a table of 6 for outdoor dining on Saturday morning. I was very excited as the restaurant has good reputation on Yelp.

I gave it 3 stars because of the experience I had here. In general, the food was good. I loved the Clucker I got. It was very yummy. However, our table ordered 2 steaks and eggs, but none of the steaks was cooked according to what my friends wanted. 

The service was very slow and not very accommodating. We waited over 40 minutes for the food, and the tables around us, none of them got their food as well. The staff never checked on us during that time, and we had to come to the manager asking how long it would take for our food to be served. Be prepared to stay patient if you decide to come here on the weekend. Also, our heater was out of order for a while until we were able to get help from the staff.
There wasn't anything that wasn't "on point" about my experience here yesterday. 

I met up with some girlfriends around 11:15 for an outdoor brunch. When we arrived, we were shown to our table and the hostess let us know about the new COVID procedures that were in place and also pointed out where the restroom was. The place was packed, both inside and outside, but the staff did an amazing job at keeping everyone distanced properly. 

I started off with a coffee -- cream and sugar were provided on the side. Free refills! When the last person in our party arrived, she arrived with champagne, so we asked for a pitcher of OJ and flutes to get the mimosas flowing. I love that On Point is a BYOB establishment. It couldn't have been more perfect. 

I ordered the avocado toast. Typically, avo toast isn't my first choice when I dine out, but this one sounded intriguing. It came topped with two poached eggs and the bread was thick and buttery. The mashed avocado was creamy and piled high on the bread. It paired very well with my mimosas! 

We were initially told there was a time limit at the table and I know for sure we exceeded the allotted 90 minutes, but it was nice that the waitress wasn't pushy or forceful about us getting up and leaving. It wasn't until she brought the bill that she said a party of 4 needed our table in ten minutes. 

It was great to enjoy brunch in Point Breeze on a 75° day in November. I'm interested in returning to try the items on their dinner menu.
The food here was absolutely delicious! I went in on a snowy day and got the wings and grilled cheese. Everything came out fast and was absolutely delicious. The wings were the perfect kind of savory for a winter day! Everyone was very friendly too!
This is my second visit to this spot and I can definitively say this is on my list of favorite byob brunch spots in the city. They don't take reservations so I would be mindful of that on the weekend. My friends and I visited on a Sunday around 1 and only had to wait about 15-20 mins. There's no cork fee and you pay for the mixers (orange and cranberry juice). You can buy them buy the carafe or a cup. I had the steak and eggs which was yummy. The steak is a pretty good portion so I couldn't finish it. The menu has a decent amount of options and my vegetarian friend said the falafel burger was pretty good. The place is a bit small so it's close quarters to other tables but that doesn't bother me.
We had a lovely birthday dinner for my mom-in-law at this spot in Point Breeze.

Our server was really nice, and as we arrived in waves, she was sure to inform everyone of the specials when they sat down.

The restaurant had plenty of seating at 6pm on a Thursday, and we were able to get a reservation with no problem.

It's a BYOB, and they also had a nice selection of bottled drinks as supplemental (no fountain soda.) They were a little weird when my mother-in-law asked for hot water, and they said they had to charge her for tea...

We started with the fried brussels sprouts, which were divine.

I got the roasted chicken with carrots and mashed potatoes, which was filling, but not overwhelming. The chicken was perfectly cooked. My husband and his sister also got the cobb salad, which had a grilled chicken that was also delicious. The salads were great, and my sister-in-law also tried the French onion soup, which she enjoyed! Brother-in-law got a nice burger, which was standard, but exactly how he ordered it.

One note: they don't have a vestibule, so sitting close to the door in the winter is a bit rough!

We did really enjoy our meal here, and we will be back if we were going to be hanging out close by!
It's the kind of restaurant you expect in a gentrifying neighborhood: a little bit more upscale, the choices a bit more on the fusion spectrum (though not intolerably so; fusion isn't bad as long as it isn't for its own sake), and a little bit more expensive. But it pulls it off well.

Any place that serves Steak Frite is automatically going to appeal to me, and this place does it really well. The mustard hollondaise is rich, the medium-rare steak was actually medium rare, and the french fries were delicious. Pecan bread pudding was similarly very tasty and very filling. 

It's a bit pricey to go with everything I did (over $30), but it was worth it as a special treat. This place is worth keeping in mind for when I'm back here.
This place is the definition of a neighborhood gem! So unassuming on the outside but perfectly cozy on the inside. When I stepping inside the restaurant, I thought "WOW! I can't believe I haven't been on here yet!" It was the kind of place you go to and immediately plan your next visit before you even get your food. I went with a group for brunch. We collectively ordered breakfast burgers and breakfast sandwiches and everything was amazing. Picking what to order was the hardest part but everything was huge, filling and exactly what you want out of brunch. Can't wait to try dinner! 

Bonus- BYOB!!
I have terrible gas but I'm going to not let that affect my review of this wonderful new brunch spot hanging out at a great corner for people watching. All kinds I guess. Listen, we sat outside because truth be told it was pretty loud inside and I'm not much of a people person. Of course a four-top sits next to us minutes later when all I wanted was peace and quiet. My lady friend ordered the Veggie Benedict Special and I have to say I had a bite and I liked it. But not as much as my fine choice, The Clucker. Get this thing, I tell you what. The Clucker is your ideal brunch choice, even if you didn't realize it till right now. Our waitress was a bit much though. Sweet girl, but Jesus! Anyway, you owe it to yourself to give this joint a whirl. And if you don't like it post a review saying you didn't like it. That's all I got.
Volume is 2 stars; food 4.5. The huevos rancheros were "the best I've ever had" and she makes her own from scratch. The Clucker was tasty. Not such a huge fan of sweet potato waffles. The chicken was delicious. Glad to get the hollandaise sauce in the side. Prepare for a wait on a Sunday morning but nice stop.
Great experience all around, from the service to the food itself. 
My boyfriend and I sat outside since it wasn't too cold, and there was a table already set for two. It was quieter than inside also. Huzzah for no wait times!
My chicken and waffles were amazing! My man got the breakfast burger, which looked awesome. 
I love that this place is byob. Boy, does that save on brunch costs!
They use La Colombe coffee, I believe it was the dark roast, Corsica, which is one of my favorites. Brewed to perfection. The staff were super friendly.
We will definitely be back soon. I'm glad Point Breeze is finally getting more quality establishments such as On Point!
Stopped in for brunch today while we enjoy a Christmas stay-cation. :) We have only been dining indoors at places that require proof of vaccination, so I was excited to hear that this spot got started early on the 2022 citywide mandate and we made a reservation for 11:45am (on a Tuesday). When we arrived, the place wasn't super packed, so that was good -- we all had some breathing and elbow room.

Service was fairly slow, but we didn't have anywhere to be so -- other than a little hangriness on my husband's part -- no harm in that. We chatted and I drank my tea and it was relaxing.

Our food arrived and that was the real excitement! 

I had ordered the Clucker -- basically an eggs benedict but sub fried chicken for the ham and waffle for the English muffin. It was LOVELY. The fried chicken was perfectly crispy but not dry and the waffle was a nice texture -- not super cakey but not overly dense either. The eggs were poached perfectly. The hollandaise had a little tanginess to it that I could have done without and if I got this meal again I'd probably say leave it off or put it on the side. But overall my meal was delicious and I ate every bite. I mentally noted that they have a fried chicken sandwich on their menu as well and I will definitely be back to try it.

My husband ordered the Philly cheesesteak omelet with fries instead of the confit potatoes. The fries were the rustic type with skins and were perfectly crispy. He said the omelet seemed to be missing something, but he couldn't put his finger on it. I tried a bite and I thought it was good. The meat was tender and juicy and the provolone was mild and didn't overpower the rest of the omelet. Some more veggies might be what he was looking for but I thought it was yummy either way.

Overall a good experience and luckily it's a local spot for us so we'll be back to try more of the menu.
Absolutely delicious brunch food! Their potato/hash browns are amazing. Perfectly crispy yet pillowy potato taste inside. We had the Philly cheesesteak omelette and American breakfast. Perfectly cooked eggs and the blackberry jam for the toast is amazing!
The perfect breakfast joint with a class level one above a Diner (one could even call it... *cue suspenseful music* a Bistro) Pretty quick service, staff are all so friendly and gentle hearted, food is flavorful and creative (I didn't even have to ask for salt, pepper and hot sauce per usual with my Philly Cheesesteak omelette!! - which, you should get FYI 'cause it's overflowing with steak and GORGEOUS). 
My partner and I got outdoor seating on a chilly, wonderfully sunny fall Saturday while biking through the city. Bottomless La Colombe coffee really hit the spot, along with the cute flowers and aesthetic near our table.
Only sliiight downside (if it matters to you) is it can get pretty hectic outside because it's across the street from a Fire Department. If occasional loud sirens don't distress you, this is the place for you! (Also, it's the city, what do you expect haha?)
Tried On Point for the first time yesterday via DoorDash. My goodness, me and my fiancé were overwhelmed at how delicious and well-presented the food was even in delivery form. Best avocado toast I've ever had. Corn omelette was amazing as well.
Enjoyed a delicious dinner with my girlfriend - best restaurant in point breeze. Highly recommend this restaurant.
Went for half prices burger night on Tuesdays. It includes the falafel burger or the on point burger (regular burger with thousand island dressing). I went with the on point burger this time and it was delicious! Very large with a large helping of fries. I def want to try the falafel burger next time. It looked amazing.

Small inside. Standard neighborhood restaurant. BYOB. They had some nice mixers you could order to go with your alcohol. My only compliant is the acoustics!! I was with my friend and we had to basically shout to talk to each other because there was a large birthday party. Otherwise, cant wait to go back for brunch!
We came for brunch and got the blueberry pancakes and huevos rancheros. The pancakes were just okay but the blueberry sauce on top was pretty yummy! As for the huevos rancheros, it was good but lacking in some flavor. We asked to get chorizo with it to give it a little extra flavor, however, they forgot the chorizo and we didn't realize until we already ate half of the meal. This is definitely a great spot for brunch so I would recommend it if you've never been before (just don't forget to make a reservation). The chicken and waffles seems to be a huge hit because everyone had that when we walked in! And it did look delicious!
One of my favorite neighborhood spots for brunch and also dinner. It's BYOB, so don't forget your favorite bottle. Never had a bad meal here! There are staples that are always on the menu, but they switch things up every so often and also have specials. The atmosphere is casual and relaxed. You'll have a group of friends at one table and a family with children at the next. 

Brunch- they can get busy, but if you call before you arrive they can give you a time frame for how long the wait will be. My favorites are the cheese steak omelet, the Clucker (sweet potato waffle & fried chicken that melts in your mouth) and the french toast. 

Dinner- my go-tos are the mac and cheese and the gnocchi. Both are SO GOOD!  

Basically, make sure to stop in here for a meal. You won't regret it!
My boyfriend and I arrived for brunch on Saturday, excited to try the food at our new neighborhood joint. We arrived at peak brunch time (~10:30am) and were seated right away. Once the waiter took our order, however, it took close to 30 minutes for the food to arrive. And once it finally did, we realized that he'd misunderstood us and brought out the entree portion of the pancakes instead of the short stack we'd ordered. When we brought it to his attention, it became a bit awkward because he insisted we'd ordered the entree and left it on the table. Fortunately, the food was quite good. Later on towards the end of the meal, however, we tried to flag down another waitress for a coffee refill while our own waiter was grabbing the check, and she gave us a really dismissive look and pointed to our waiter as if to say "he's taking care of it". When I tried to point to my coffee cup and signal we wanted a refill and not the check, she threw me an even dirtier look. Needless to say, I gave up on the coffee. The waiter did adjust the check to reflect the error, but we still left disappointed by the service.
My first time dining in Point Breeze, and this cafe left a great impression.  Ideal corner location that when the sun is out, is perfect for eating outside.  The brunch menu was fabulous, unexpectedly better than i could have imagined.  The service was quick, and very friendly.  I especially loved the diverse, eclectic crowd they attract.
I had no idea this place was here until our friends that live in the neighborhood (Point Breeze) took us here for dinner.  It is a super cute restaurant (looks like a cafe that you would see in NYC) on the corner in a mostly residential neighborhood.  It was a Saturday night and there wasn't many people there but the weather was bad.  Inside is a cute and cozy atmosphere.  Our server was fantastic - had a great personality and answered any questions we had while providing us with great service throughout the night.  The menu overall is American and there is definitely something for everyone.  A couple people at my table had the burger, I had the gnocchi and someone else had salmon.  The food was all really good and the desserts were amazing.  Just a note - this is a BYOB, so if you want some wine with dinner, make sure you bring it.  I have heard their brunch gets really crowded and is amazing, so that is next on my list.
The food is great! I got the fried chicken and waffle and my wife got the pancakes; we split the breakfast nachos which came out pretty quickly despite our waitress clearly indicating that the kitchen was backed up and running a little slow. Our waitress Brett could not have been more polite, apologizing in advance because she wasn't sure if she was yelling at us, because... holy hell is this place loud! It's INSANELY loud and when you get a group of college girls pounding mimosas like it's going out of style, there's really nothing to do but sit back, enjoy the delicious food and feel your hearing ability quickly erode.

Prices are good, too!
I'd been meaning to try this Point Breeze location and i was pleasantly surprised. Staff is attentive and the food was great. big portions! I took the leftovers home. I think my favorite part of the meal were the seasoned potatoes. Crispy and seasoned well i loved them. 

The area itself is up and coming and this brunch spot really brings it all in together. can't wait to be back to try out other things from your menu!
Tasty brunch for pick up this weekend. Got to sample a few things on the menu. Although the idea of eggs was interesting for take out, I really did enjoy my poached eggs, chicken and waffle. Waffle was cinnamon but a little floppy, but the chicken was perfectly cooked and flavored. Huevos rancheros came with hard tortillas but lots of guacamole, salsa, and seasoning. I heard the omelets and potatoes were good as well. Would most definitely try more items here, as they were great in transit, stayed warm, were tasty and were obviously fresh. Made with love!
We go here pretty often and never disappointed. Today we had the avocado toast and bacon, egg, and cheese sandwich. Both were incredible. Both of these dishes are more complex and delicious than their normal counterparts without giving up what you love about them. Also, the service is always top notch. Everyone is friendly and helpful and ready to make sure your experience is great.
Went here for a Sunday Brunch. Initially the place was crowded and the waitress said there was a 20 min wait but we ended up getting seated quicker than expected. The place itself is small and intimate but big enough to accommodate a large group of under 10. I was really impressed with the service. The waiter was as accommodating as he could be. I ordered the wings with the confit fries which were very tasty and got me full. It's also a plus that they are BYOB. You can beat that! I will most def return to this place for brunch
Outside dining in the winter is something I hope continues post-covid. On a brisk day with the help of a heat lamp, my friend and I had a blast! We enjoyed a light brunch with burrata, toast, coffee, salad, and french toast! The staff was friendly, the food was fresh, and our experience was lovely. There are some menu items that I think are a bit more expensive that necessary (even before covid), but the food will always be good!
On Point is one one of our favorite brunch places in Philly. Ask for Kayla to be your server, she's a sweetheart and will treat you well. I usually try something new every time we go, and have yet to order something I haven't liked.

They're BYO as well!
On Point Bistro was chosen as a local brunch spot, from an old friend in undergrad, to meetup. I can certainly see why he chose this place! 
It's a nice little spot with indoor and outdoor dining where they have table holdings for 90min rotations. I would highly recommend making a reservation to secure that spot! 

The food was delicious! My friend and I both ordered The Cobbler and I can certainly see why it's a crowd favorite!! Large quantity of chicken over a sweet potato waffle with poached eggs! Safe to say, the plate was wiped clean and the food didn't last very long. Haha! 

I'm looking forward to visiting Philly again and stopping here to try out their French Toast next time!
Maybe a 3.5.
On point is a clean, American restaurant that's is a solid dining experience, but there's nothing unique or amazing.
Grabbed two burgers here. The lamb burger and the on point burger. Both were good. The lamb was better. While the chef recommends medium for the lamb, it was served well done. Same goes for the on point burger, medium ordered and also well done. Loved the brioche buns. I liked the fries though they were cold.
The waitress was friendly. The decor was clean and simple.
Like I said, this is a solid place, but I wouldn't go out if my way. I definitely want to try their brunch, which I heard is fantastic.
Brunch is one of my favorite meals, specifically  any type of breakfast food. I love how each restaurant has their unique take on the classics. I'm open minded and I like to try them all. So, I got 4 things: Farm Omelette, Chicken and Waffles, Pancakes, and Challah French Toast. All were delicious! The cheesy omelette and home fries hit the spot. The pancakes were simple, executed well, and the berry compote really brought it together. The sweet potato waffles were good, but the chicken was a little dry. The French toast with the mascarpone and delicious pecan butter took the cake!

Overall:
Farmhouse Omelette 4/5
Sweet Potato Waffle and Chicken 3/5
Pancakes 4/5
French Toast 5/5
Great brunch spot with friends or family. The weather was so beautiful the day I came so my party sat outside. This spot is also BYOB and there was a local alcohol shop a few stores down. We did sit inside and we were seated in the middle tables - not the best seating and the tables were super small. 

Besides the small inconveniences, the food was lovely. I ordered huevos rancheros and that was a classic brunch dish for me. Was it so amazing that I'll come back and order it again? Nah. I will probably try out something else.
