I met some people here at 7:30 AM for a business meeting, and ordered a small latte and a plain bagel. The tab was $7.50. Seven-fifty??? I'm trying to make that add up to something approaching reasonable, and failing. 

Then I went upstairs to our meeting, which was held on the couches in the back. The music was blaring so loudly that we were unable to hear each other speak. It was 7:30 in the morning and we were the only people there. We went downstairs to ask if the music could be turned down, and were aggressively refused, with a side of personal insults. 

If my group does not find another place to meet, next time I will bring a thermos. This place does not deserve our business.

UPDATE: Response from 'Melissa B., Owner':

I am sorry that you had a business meeting upstairs and that the music was "too loud."  We actually have hosted many business meetings upstairs for patrons that would like to rent out our second floor and $7.50 for a Stumptown Latte, bagel and a business meeting is pretty darn fair.

Me: Not really understanding the scare quotes in this response. "Too loud" means "so loud that normal conversation is impossible." Are you implying that there is something wrong with me and my associates for being unable to hear one another over ambient music at 7:30 AM, or for bringing it to your attention in the first place? Do you really feel that insulting your patrons--both in person and by email--is good business practice?
Downgrade.

I like so many things about this place, but I think I may stop going.  I really don't think they appreciate their customers at all.  The food and coffee are good enough, but lately I've been thinking I'd rather spend my money elsewhere.  I guess it won't matter to them though, because there seems to be an endless parade of the tattooed hip to spend money there all the same.

Two instances come to mind.

On a hot day, I wanted a really cold drink.  I chose the beet juice from the open cooler in the front - it didn't really seem very cold, so I asked if I could have some ice for it.  This drink costs almost $7, but the woman at the counter had the gall to charge me 50 cents for it.  Yeah, I know, it's only 50 cents, but come on.  I am spending $7 for the drink, not to mention the rest of the food we got.  Last I heard, ice wasn't a very expensive item for restaurants to supply. Most will just give it to you for free.

Also, another time it was winter, and I got one of their fancy overpriced hot drink specials on the specials board.  When I took my first sip, it was kind of luke warm.  I asked if they could just please pop it in the microwave for me to heat it up a bit.  The woman (I think one of the owners) looked at me with a face of HORROR and spit out her words in disgust UGHHHH!!!!  We don't have a MICROWAVE HERE!!!!!!!!!!   So I asked what she could do for me, she said UGH!!! I GUESS I CAN PUT A SHOT OF ESPRESSO IN THERE, BUT THATS IT!!!!!!!!

So the drink I probably paid over $5 for, which was lukewarm, and SHOULD HAVE BEEN NICELY REMADE FOR ME, if you didn't have a microwave, was made 1% warmer with the addition of espresso.  In addition, she yelled at me in front of everyone in line, humiliating me.  Owner or not, she needs some lessons in customer service.

Pro tip - Cafe Chismosa is right down the street with better coffee, better food, better prices AND better customer service.
ARE YOU KIDDING ME????
This morning I was @ 1 Shot for a meeting in the library.  I have been here many times before, and it seemed like a good place to meet.
The meeting was under way when an angry woman came upstairs, interrupted the meeting (someone was speaking) and asked who was in charge.
After some words were exchanged we were asked to leave- many people, myself included, had food and beverages not yet consumed, and I had no idea why we were being evicted.  The angry woman then said (by way of explananation????) that she didn't appreciate something that one of the members of the group had "yelpped" about 1 shot, and that someone had come in with their own coffee.  

WOW.  Well I guess we deserved to get thrown out for that!  I mean yelp is really only for positive feedback right?  And if you don't like what someone yelps about you, then you surely don't want their business, right?  And throwing out a group of 15 paying customers who are guaranteed business every week is an excellent way to promote your business isn't it?

Best of luck to 1 shot, if this is how they treat their customers!  I will not be returning.
Stopped into One Shot coffee today on my way back from the gym cause I was craving a silky hot latte . Boy, does One Shot deliver on their latte game (2 large lattes were under $9 but it's a $10 minimum for a card). The perfect soul hugging milk and coffee concoction on the coldest day in a while. They have a bunch of different flavors - Apple Pie sounded pretty good! But for just a regular latte it's a great place! 

They have a big fixing bar with anything you would want to add. They also have some cozy couches as seating on the first floor. Looks like a great place to relax and unwind on the weekend. Just glancing at the food menu, it looked a little expensive but I might splurge and try a sandwich next time I roll through.

Definitely looking forward to my next visit!
Super bummed about my latest experience here. Came for breakfast in early January and ordered an Abe breakfast sandwich (my favorite!). I was sitting on the second floor with my husband and our friends and the server brought our food up. She placed my sandwich on the table, knocking my husband's HOT coffee all over my leg and my iphone which was on the table. She immediately took my phone and dried it off, which I appreciated, but my pants were soaked and she never returned with towels or napkins for my pants. It felt like she was so embarrassed about the situation that her tactic was avoidance. My iphone ended up being fine, but my friends had to run to their car to grab napkins and baby wipes as there were no rags or napkins to be found on the second floor of One Shot. My pant leg was soaking wet, and it was ridiculous that she never came back up with towels or napkins.

We tipped 20% in advance on the touch screen prior to this fiasco. I'm pretty bummed that the server never even brought me napkins for my soaking wet pants. My food was cold by the time I cleaned up, and it felt like a waste of a $30+ breakfast for my husband and I. There are so many other coffee shops in the area I probably won't return.
I challenge any restaurant owner to dine at any establishment that serves breakfast, spend $40.00 for two people, ask for jam (for the toast) when the food arrives, and then instructed to pay $.53 at the register to not be upset by the utter cheapness and pettiness of said establishment.
I challenge any restaurant owner to dine at any establishment that serves breakfast, spend $40.00 for two people, ask for jam (for the toast) when the food arrives, and then instructed to see the cashier to pay $.53 to not be upset by the utter cheapness and pettiness of said establishment.

Please explain the following logic to me. A Tom's Dirty Chai is listed on the menu for $5.50. My bill comes to $7.16. When I queried the blonde millennial with the nose hoop, she said they charge extra for ice, the extra shot, and for breve.

If I didn't have ice, they would have filled the remainder of the cup with milk. According to the greed inspired mathematics at One Shoot, ice costs more than milk!

I didn't order an extra shot. The Dirty Chai already has a shot...that's why it's called Dirty!

I'm already paying a crap load for a beverage that's mostly ice, why charge for half and half especially since they have a container of it on the counter that's free to use?!?

Thank god I didn't tell them I needed a straw or I would have had to hit the ATM.

If looking cool while getting taken advantage of by an establishment that uses carnival like pricing shenanigans gets your motor running, then get ready for a nitro infused experience that will get you to the checkered flag (albeit at the cost of your engine). 

Apparently I'm that guy since I'm the Yelp Duke....excuse me while I try to find a bar that charges $2.50 for a PBR but an extra $1.50 for the can. God, I need help.
I had a small coffee, a cookie, a chai tea, and a slice of pie for f-ing $17. I ate up the bill and decided to sit upstairs and enjoy the pleasant vibe, but the price raping is enough to make you break out your calculator and think...what...the...F. 

a lot of their items don't have pricing listed anywhere either. one shot coffee was leagues more affordable when it was a smaller establishment. i don't know anybody that can afford to go to this place on a regular basis.
What everyone else said. Pretty good but entirely too expensive. I had time to kill before my hair appointment next door and desperately needed a caffeine fix after working 16 hours straight. I was a bit overwhelmed by all the choices but the lovely lady behind the register helped me out. She recommended a white mocha blackberry latte and I added extra espresso. There is a $10 minimum for credit cards, so silly me, I say, oh I probably need to add something else to hit the minimum. Then she says, yes, you're a few cents away. What the what?!?!?! My coffee is almost $10?? I'm mean, don't get me wrong, it is quite delicious and doing its job in keeping me awake. But still. That shit is cray. At that price point I can't afford to be a regular customer. But for a special, expensive treat, check it out.
Is this the hipster coffee shop of my dreams?

Great coffee, comfy seats, yummy food (huevos rancheros anyone?), fun music, and a bustling but not loud atmosphere. The staff have a vibe of "we don't care what you think of us, but we're cool and fun and funny" (in a good way), and the whole place just feels cool.

It's a bit far from me, but even so, I'll definitely make the trek out here for another coffee shop work day. :)
Ordered a bag of 12 oz coffee and Kombucha for 27 dollars.   There's something wrong with that, right?  So i provided feedback via twitter, after going through w/ the purchase, thinking they would possibly take feedback from customers constructively.

So they blocked me from Twitter... LOL

Dont get me wrong, this place is cool, and the food is better than expected from a coffee shop.  Bordering on very good.  However, the prices are crazy, and this level of price gouging and pretension is what contributed to a lot of proprietors to venture north of girard.
I have gone here for a few years since I moved into the area, but I don't think I will be going back ever again.

I've noticed that the staff is extremely passive aggressive, and NOT helpful, but turned a blind eye to it for a while because I enjoyed the food (coffee is ok...).  Every time I've gone in I've been ignored, or treated like I'm a coffee - idiot.  

Anyways, a while back, I was at One Shot and I accidentally grabbed someone else's beverage from the bar mistaking it for my own (since they neglect to even announce who's is who's or even say a word when they hand off the drink).  

So, yeah, I accidentally took someone else's drink.  I took a sip and realized it wasn't mine, and I told the barista of my mistake so that she could make another for the customer who should have gotten that drink.  She rolled her eyes, sighed, and in a loud voice said, "I just want to make an announcement.  If you don't know whether or not a drink is yours, PLEASE just ASK before you GRAB".  And then she passive aggressively took the drink from my hand, slammed it in the trash, and made a new one.  Didn't say a word to me, or the other girl.  I know I made a mistake, but do I deserve to be publicly humiliated?

NO.

I picked my jaw up off the floor, and walked out with my latte that tasted like rage and anger.
I have gone here many, MANY times thinking that I would have a change of heart, but alas, I have thrown in the towel.  One Shot is terribly over priced for what you get - every time I have gotten food there it has been sub par at best - breakfast tacos so salty i could barely eat them, a 7 DOLLAR bagel sandwich on an bagel that WASN'T TOASTED (???) "baked eggs" that were really RUNNY POACHED EGGS WITH TOMATO SAUCE ON THEM???  seriously?  let me not forget the rice krispie treats, which were super thin had a half inch thick layer of butter/mashmallow goo on the bottom which made it so sweet and greasy i could barely eat it.  HOW DO YOU MAKE A BAD RICE KRISPIE TREAT THERE ARE 3 INGREDIENTS!!! the prices are insane, $2.65 for a coffee in house, which is in a seriously tiny diner-sized coffee mug that is like half full? and refills are almost a DOLLAR??   the ONLY reason they get one star is because the upstairs is a really nice environment to get work done... when the northern liberties mommy club isn't up there pretending the coffee shop is a group day care.  What happened One Shot???  Your Liberties Walk shop was the AWESOME.  Now you totally SUCK!!!  Sorry you spent 9 billion dollars on your renovation and move, the way to make that money back is not to rip off one time loyal customers with shitty food and outrageous prices.
Design is great, food is tasty, and coffee is brewed delightfully.. the staff on the other hand is one of the worst in the city. 

Forget a warm friendly hello greeting or smile when you enter, these snarky people look at like you have ten heads for entering. Forbid you ask any questions at all. I almost feel bad having to ask questions because of the reaction you get. I've been here at least 50 times and every visit is exactly the same. Sadly, I have come to realize this isn't a go-to spot when family or guests are visiting town. I'd much rather brew my own tea/coffee at home than interact with this staff. 

All you moms out there, this facility is definitely not stroller or mommy friendly either, which is such a bummer considering their are so many moms in the neighborhood.
Over $7 for a tea and stale cookie. I ended up throwing out most of it. I usually don't write these reviews but it's a Monday and I was really hoping to stop in for something that would help me wake up, not ruin my morning.
after coming here quite often i have to downgrade my review. 

The quality of the food has fallen, as has the service: they want you out of there ASAP. 

There aren't any power outlets, and the wifi is down every weekend for brunch (I get that they want faster turnover, but wth?). Spend your money elsewhere, like two blocks down at the Sweet Spot in liberties walk, where the owners WANT you you be there.
I just re-read my last One Shot review from three years ago and, apparently, my taste buds have changed because I LOVED my iced coffee there this morning. 

Though I was all set to order the "eggs your way" breakfast, I had a total change of heart when my breakfast companion said she would be having the A.B.E. sandwich: avocado (check), bacon (check), egg whites (check). These three things, plus greens, tomato and herbed goat cheese - in an unexpected twist, my decision was reversed! I asked for my sandwich on multigrain, which was no problem. The sandwich was huge, and I took half home for lunch. 

The baristas were all friendly, the upstairs area provided a bounty of tables and seating for a working breakfast, and everything was right in the world.
The coffee was fine. The cookie was delicious. The way they tried so hard to make it look like you were sitting in the living room of a grandmother who lived in a barn, was a little overly hipster, but cute.

But I won't be back. Why? Because nothing makes up for the blaring, offensive hip hop that they kept blasting for hours.

When I'm trying to enjoy coffee and get a little work done, the last thing I need is an inescapable barrage of hideously degrading lyrics. This was really really exceptionally bad, the worst kind of grotesque and explicit content played at a volume that drowned out everything else. The profanity I was fine with, I swear like a sailor... but the active and detailed degradation of women was over the top, even for typical hip hop. Who plays that in a cafe? What kind of judgment call is that?

After a few hours, they switched it to blaring grunge and heavy metal. Less offensive. Even then, way way way too loud.

Music is a major part of a cafe, just as much as atmosphere and coffee. This place is way too close to Cafe Maude, where the music is more chill and is played at the perfect volume, for me to ever bother with it again.
Booo!  I work from home and like to get out in the mornings for a couple hours and work at a coffee shop.  I've been here a couple times and it's nice place to get breakfast and a cup of tea while I check my email.  

Then this morning happened.  I was given the wrong wifi password.  I know it was wrong because I wasn't able to connect on my phone or computer.  I also had 2 strangers come up to me and ask me if I knew the password because it wasn't working for them either.  I asked a staff member about it a couple times and he was dismissive and seemed annoyed that I would even ask.  He insisted that the password must be right because it was the same one they had used the day before.  Well, no one is able to connect to the wifi - so I guess we're all just idiots or maybe my iPhone, my PC, and the other customers' macs and iPads were all just broken.

I get that it's a cafe and being able to work there is just an added bonus, I also get that he's not technical support and probably doesn't have time to troubleshoot, but his job DOES include customer service... which usually involves not being a total jerk to a customer who cannot use a service you say you provide.
Do you like rich and tasty homemade pastries?  What about quality tea or coffee?  Do you like to hang in a totally warm and charming atmosphere?  Okay if the answers are yes to all the above questions - let's talk about One Shot Café in Northern Liberties.  This No Libs corner coffeehouse is a wonderful place to eat, drink, use the internet, do work, chat with a friend.  Their baked goods are very high quality - don't miss their lemon cream square.  It's decadent.  There are two floors here of charm (library upstairs) and outside tables on the sidewalk in warmer weather.  Okay, I'm done talking about One Shot Café.  Now you just have to try it out for yourself.
Wow!!  This place is kinda amazing.  Out of all the hipster coffee houses in NoLibs....this one is truly unique...and not TOO hipsterish.  

Upon walking in, I noticed the decor immediately.  Those gray couches against the windows--so chic, so sexy.  

And then I was overwhelmed by all the latte choices.....nutella, vanilla honey, dirty chai....I don't really do well with a lot of choices, but after 5 minutes I decided to go for the Milky Way latte--(guatemalan cocoa, caramel syrup, steamed milk, and homemade whipped cream on top served in a clear class mug so you can see all that chocolatey love)---- I was in love after one sip!  So decadent! I think I drank it too fast though because I was WIRRREEEEEED.

I continued to do some work on my laptop upstairs and the interior design became even more interesting.  It's like a mix of the coolest apartment ever (awesome bookcase, sleek contemporary couches, etc)  mixed with your grandmas favorite knickknacks, photographs, and chairs.  Somehow it works.....I dig the grandma-contemporary-chic vibe....I should trademark that.  

Wi-Fi was great-super fast, no lost connection.  I forgot to ask for the passcode downstairs, so make sure you ask.  

Upstairs was fully equipped with 2 bathrooms, a coffee condiment bar, and water pitchers-Nice!  No need to go downstairs.

There is a nice big picnic style table upstairs as well---perfect for meetings, large groups, or playing board games.    Lots of natural sunlight upstairs too!

This place is just awesome.  Only drawback---music:  typical alternative/oldie rock music (which was somewhat loud) was on constant rotation.  That's okay though, because since I brought my earphones I just cranked my Maxwell...oh yea...that's better :-)
GAG REFLEX TRIGGERED!!!

My brother took me to one shot today because he wanted something to eat for breakfast that is "bougie and trendy".  I ordered the "Smoked Salmon Bagel" which is my go to breakfast order if I do not see "eggs Benedict" on a menu. I am jewish and this bagel holds a special place in my heart. I walked upstairs and sat and waited. I received my meal which looked incredible and then took a bite and swallowed. My gag reflex was triggered and I felt as if I would projectile vomit if i took another bite.. so i took a drink of water and brushed it off as a fluke. Spun the bagel around and i went in on the other side for bite two and  experienced the same reaction. I HAVE NO KNOWN FOOD ALLERGIES. 

I explained myself to the cashier and even the OWNER, and the owner told me herself that HER HANDS WERE TIED. What a joke of an establishment. I had simply given the bagel sandwich back and asked for an egg sandwich to replace it... an 11.80 dollar sandwich... her rational
Being "they had just purchased the salmon and been selling it to everyone with no problem"

Well I am now on the phone with my dr to schedule a blood toxicology paneling for tomorrow...This is fun. 

Ps one shot, expect to be hearing from my lawyer within the week. Cheers
My food came out cold and my order was wrong in a fairly minor, easily fixed way. When I asked the woman who brought it out if it could be fixed she told me the kitchen was too swamped to do so but she would check and let me know. 40 minutes later I had to go find her only to be told that they would not be fixing it. I used to go here three times a week but now I never will again.
There are definitely a lot of positives to this place: spacious (two floors! dont miss the second), free wifi, amazing amazing food, and great coffee and tea options.  I do come here to study fairly often and have had many positive experiences.

Unfortunately, there are also some annoyances in this establishment: it is extremely expensive  - a coffee and cookie will run you $7, there is a ten dollar minimum for cards - a bit excessive for a coffee shop, for getting a quick coffee refill requires emptying your wallet of needed cash or taking a trip to the local atm adding ~$2 and ~2 min to your purchase, and finally they change their wifi password everyday.  The last point may seem minimal, but as a frequent studier, it's irritating to buy my coffee, set up shop, realize I don't have wifi, go back downstairs and bother one of the many busy servers for the password.  I understand good quality comes at a high price, but perhaps something can be done about the latter two points.

Regardless, it's definitely worth at least one try, but it's a bit too costly to become a regular.

Ps. one of the bathroom door locks is a bit funky, so definitely knock before entering and avoid the awkwardness of walking in on someone as I did.
Obviously, One Shot has moved.

The new space is definitely beautiful. It looks like it could even be some sort of upscale bar. But, I feel like it has lost some of its quirk. It's less cozy.

I'm not sure why this is, but today, the baristas were very inattentive, and a little rude. I know that there are some really great baristas, but it's not really okay for any of them to not be great.
Great looking space.  I'm very glad to see this building used for something nice.

We've been there twice.  The food is really good.  But the prices are crazy.  I had an egg and cheese sandwich on a roll--$7 (!!??!).  Nothing came with it, no potatos, nothing.  It was a good sandwich, but not 2-3X better than plenty of other egg and cheese sandwich spots within walking distance from here.  

My wife ordered a sandwich and a side order of fries.  Her grilled cheese was a piece of cornbread with cheese on it for $7.50.  That's way to much money.  

We also ordered a side of fries--$4.  Which is a reasonable price, if the portion was decent.  But we literally got 15 fries.  Insane.

They really need to rethink the layout.  Everyone is ordering at the same counter in a very narrow space.  So if you just want a coffee, you're stuck waiting in the same line as a family of 4 ordering full meals.  

The prices they're charging are not take out counter/self service prices.  They should hire a formal wait staff, free up the confusion in the downstairs, and either lower their prices or do something more to justify what they're charging.  I appreciate how nice their rehab was, and I understand the need to recapture their investment.  But their prices do not encourage repeat customers.  For taste, value and service Honey's has them beat by far.

Incidentally, I bought a bag of (Stumptown) coffee.  It was not as full as it should have been.
This megamegaMEGA hip coffee spot right off Liberties Walk is good in a pinch. 

The drinks are respectably good, the espresso pulled with care. 

The food (wife and I both had a breakfast sandwich) was good not great. On the plus side, it was cooked ell and with care. The chorizo I got tasted clearly homemade. On the other hand, it was about 550 times overseasoned. My wife got a fancy breakfast sandwich with mac n cheese on it. Kudos for stepping out ith an idea like that, but it was pretty bland and overstuffed, on a tiny plate. It was certainly not a sandwich to be eaten with the hands. 

We also got hashbrowns, which were completely bland and boring. That isnt for me, but my wife loved them, drowning them in ketchup. 

The prices are really too high.  Not much else to say about that. 

The service point is weird. There are two registers, and I wasnt sure which to go to. Food is served to the table, but drinks are picked up by the diner. I didnt know this. I also wasnt sure if I should sit or stand. The entire process was really confusing. 

One Shot Coffee is great for people watching, good for drinks, passable for food, and downright confusing for service.
Sigh.. Here's another disappointing cafe experience in Philly.

My boyfriend and I were excited to come here after reading so many positive Yelp reviews, only to discover that the food was below mediocre. Maybe they were just having a bad day, who knows.

We ordered a simple mocha latte, the ultimate breakfast sandwich on a bagel, and a regular plate of breakfast food items (forgot the menu name). 

First, the ultimate breakfast sandwich: besides the bagel tasting like rubber, the sandwich overall was overwhelmingly greasy. I recall the grease literally dripping down and forming a puddle on the plate while my boyfriend was struggling to eat it. He said it was almost nauseating to eat. I tried it too, and noticed that the fried ingredients in the sandwich, most noticeably the hash browns, were fried in OLD oil. Man, that scent was bad. 

Same applied for the second item, the regular breakfast plate; the main part was a biscuit sandwich with eggs and bacon. The biscuit was, wait for it.. OVERWHELMINGLY MILKY and buttery, which was also nauseating to me, and of course, the hash browns.. No need to repeat myself. The few bites of side salad were good though, but you can't really go wrong with veggies. 

The bad experience with the food basically ruined the mocha latte. I can't even remember if it tasted decent or not.

I really wanted to like this place, but they need to tone it down with the grease and butter. :-( 

Also, before I forget, everything we ordered came out to be around $30. Is it worth..?
I have taken off three stars for a myriad of reasons having nothing to do with the food or coffee. 

This is a service issue. A two part service issue. 

It seems that the surly owner (bad service part 1) has chosen to step away from the coffee bar (thankfully) and has been replaced with young persons who call me "dear" (part 2).

These people MUST read the article referenced below. And please, for goodness sake STOP IT. I'd rather put up with the grumpy lady.

http://dailyplateofcrazy.com/2012/07/22/dont-call-me-dear-inappropriate-use-of-terms-of-endearment/
Maybe if a little more time and energy was put in to the business instead of the boring pricey urban chic atmosphere this place wouldn't suck :( 
Tried to use my card for a 4.86 drink (SCOFF) and was denied because the limit was 5 dollars, when i responded that i only had a card and it was actually only legal to have a recommended minimum, i got so much attitude from the barista that it was almost like the lousy fee was coming out of her pocket. Boo one shot two thumbs way down
I stopped in 1 Shot yesterday when I was down at Liberties Walk and desperate for some caffeine and a snack. The woman behind the counter didn't acknowledge me until I had been standing there patiently for at least 5 minutes. She then took my order and continued to make the other customer's bagel...which turned out to be not what she had ordered. The customer was annoyed, I was about to pass out and the employee didn't really seem concerned, but at that point she asked me if I wanted the bagel for free since she would just have to throw it out. I thought that was very nice, and from there she proceeded to make my latte, which was not great but not offensive, either. Once she registered that I was there I felt like the service was good but it got off to a rocky start...I was actually standing in line crafting my Yelp review as I waited and then mentally revised it when she treated me a little better.

All in all, this seems like a decent place to go if you're on Liberties Walk and gotta have a cup of coffee, but I'm not sure if I'd go out of my way to grab a bite there. That's too bad, because the shop itself is so cute and there were some interesting people hanging out. Maybe if I'm back over that way I'll stop in again and give it "1" more "shot"  (sorry- bad pun but I couldn't resist!).
How do you spell rip off ??....ONE SHOT. This place looks cool but if you like good coffee, this is NOT the place for you. The coffee tastes like potting soil, food portions are small and over priced. Maybe their coffee drinks are what makes them popular but for someone who likes their coffee black, their brews do not cut it.
This is becoming my new favorite coffee shop in Philly!  Creative drink combinations with perfectly made lattes, delicious food, and great ambiance.  It's got a rustic but comforting feel to it, and the employees seem to have excellent teamwork skills.  Every time I go there it's like a model of efficiency, and having worked in many coffee shops throughout my life, that can be a rare experience.  Also, quality coffee from Stumptown coffee.  

This weekend I tried the Nutella mocha, with belgian chocolate, Torino Hazelnut, and that tightly foamed milk.  BF got the regular coffee, which is always good too.   He got the ham & cheese croissant and I got the Brie, Apple, and Arugula croissant.  We both got them toasted.  I enjoyed my sandwich but it had a tad too much plum jam on it.  Not a huge deal, it was still tasty.  The upstairs area has ample seating and we didn't feel overcrowded (on a mid-morning Saturday!)  Also, after seeing the plates going to other tables, I would like to try a full breakfast sometime.  Stacks of pancakes and omelets looked pretty amazing and food seemed to flow pretty quickly out to the tables.

Also, one note to add about the negative reviews.  First of all, if you want quality food, you pay more.  If you want to pay $2 for a mocha, it probably has Hershey's syrup or some other cheap chocolate in it.  Second of all, bringing your own coffee/food into another coffee shop is reprehensible!  You are using their space but not spending money there?  Paying customers need that space.
Well, I had a decent review for this place mentioning the relaxing and funky decor, especially upstairs.  It really is a very pretty space!  

My first review mentioned the price being high... but I am officially over this place.  My husband and I went there today.  

Here is what we got:
1 coffee, 1 chai tea, 1 cookie & 1 piece of apple cake
The price?  $17 bleeping dollars!!!  What a rip off!!  

Clearly their prices for these items are unmarked because nobody in their right mind would spend that much.  I haven't felt this ripped off since.... well, I don't know when.  The cake was quite delicious.... but still.  

I'm sorry to say goodbye to this place as I wanted to love it.  It is a shame that they are milking their customers for money simply because they invested in a new, expensive, beautiful space/ location/ building.

Farewell, OneShot.....
I don't know I hate this place. Probably because it's literally twice as expensive as any other cafe and half as good. The interior is stunning but it's always empty. Ok so a brief rant: I came here the other day and got a bagel and cream cheese with bacon and small coffee and it was $12. There was barely any cream cheese on my bagel so the tiny side of cream cheese I asked for was and additional two dollars. The bagel was just meh, barely toasted. The bacon tasted old like it been fried along time ago. My friend waited an additional 10-15 minutes for his sandwich in an empty cafe. Very limited menu.

So many other better cafes in the neighborhood like Higher Grounds, Reanimator, Franny Lou's. Maybe just go here for fancy brunch, not breakfast Sammie's. The bagels are ssoOoOoo much flippin' better at Mammoth coffee where they have Brooklyn-esque flavored cream cheese options like jalapeño, lemon Zatar, sriracha or veggie zomg. Or Milkcrate cafe for the legendary loaded up bagella Fitzgerald which has hummus or cream cheese and cucumber, tomato, onion and bacon. If you ordered this at One Shot it would be $15 or they'd nickle and dime you $2 extra per each topping. 

The staff is friendly but robotic tho, no real warmth or quirks or charm here. They will bring it your food and bus your table and there's outdoor seating in the shade but so many way better options for the price. Also the music is often weird jazz, let the baristas choose their own music for chrisstakes.
I always forget why I don't come back to this place since it's right around the corner. Ambiance lovely, friendly staff, and then ...4$ small iced coffee no bigger than my fist happens and I remember.
OK, so very expensive items, beyond crappy service.... 

 i continue to b amazed by SUBTLE racism, sexism, ageism (and the list could go on) in amerikka... i mean, it exist,  even if people want 2 keep saying in the "land of the free" it doesn't.... 

what does that have 2 do with this very special place? well, whenever in the area, this former customer, buys the shops very overly priced vegan treats, but they happen to be out of them yesterday. so, the fine lady behind the counter, came outside of the shop and told this former customer and 3 children (1 small infant) that they could not sit at the tables outside of her shop with pizza (children choice of food), even though the aforementioned former customer brings her same children, to the shop for vegan treats, because it might scare other customers away seeing the children there with a pizza box and she doesn't serve pizza. 

hunh? what?! 

mind you, when the former customer went in, she perused the baking area and asked about the vegan oreo brownies and the freshness of the cookies; but maybe she didn't notice the former customer actually wanted 2 purchase something because she was so busy being cynical and snide, they were just out of vegan items other than their staple cookies (which the former customer had tried all of). 

i believe the fine rude lady identified herself as the "owner" and had the nerve 2 try and come out and speak to other customers after the incident occurred and the children were removed from "her" tables and the former customer addressed her about her inappropriate lack of customer service or sensitivity to ALL her customers, which i am not, and have put the word out with friends and others alike: this place really doesn't deserve quality customers since it lacks such quality customer service for ALL, NO MATTER SKIN COLOR OR OTHER PRESENTATION!
I've had nothing but bad experiences here. The coffee shop is owned by a lesbian couple, Melissa and Rebecca (before anyone gets bent out of shape I am part of the LGBT Community) and both women a rude, sarcastic and down right unpleasant.

I can't even comment about the food and coffee, no matter how good it is I will NEVER go back there, I wouldn't give those women a penny of my money again!
there are so many great coffee shops you can relax in - this one is not worth it. the coffee is bland and the service is unfriendly.
Well,
At the old location:
I had a wonderful experience every time I went there. It was cozy, well designed,  there were always good, weirdy magazines to read and the people were friendly and relaxed. The music was also decent, not overbearingly hip-tastic, but not the pop charts top 100 either.
They always had an abundant amount of vegan options for cookies, cakes, bagels, and my fav-  pumpkin whoopie pies, mmmmmm.

The new location on George St.:

I have to say, I would like to go here just to hang out because its so damn pretty. Exposed brick, wood paneling misplaced over hot pink walls. Super comfy and chic, tufted back bench seating . Overall, really a visual pleasure. It feels like Urbanoutfitters Inc got a hold of this place beforehand and then One Shot moved in.

However, the happy, shiny, good times stop there. I am really fucking sick of the server/ barista who hates their job, and therefore hates you.. I didn't make you have this job! You can totally quit and get a different one! I heard some rumors about this behavior before I went there and I was surprised how accurate the description was. The girls at the old place were so nice! The barista who recently served me acted really annoyed when my friend and I placed our order. It wasn't anything out of the ordinary, it was right from the menu. She just seemed like I was ruining her life by ordering. Whatever lady, I was super nice to you. Maybe next time I could tip you in bug repellent so that nasty one will crawl out of your ass.

Its cool, I don't need anymore friends. However, I NEED food, good food.  I was psyched to see a new, full brunch menu, even though there were limited vegan options and all the great bagel sandwiches were gone. We ordered the tofu scramble and a tomato soup. It was prepared by someone who obviously just learned what vegan was yesterday. Oil city, everything, had sooo much oil. Its like they replaced any dairy or egg element with oil to compensate. Ew.  I've never seen tomato soup with a 1/4 inch  film of oil on the top. Totally gross. I took 2 spoonfuls and decided I didn't want to barf later, so I stopped. As for the scramble, which in theory sounded amazing, was really lack luster. There was supposed to be fennel in it, but I guess they ran out and decided not to say anything, even though that's why I ordered it in the first place.

Overall:

Vegan eats= The Suck (and no more whoopie pies= worst) but dont worry, you can buy a $5 cookie.

Service= Unnecessary attitude city

Coffee= overpriced, but great. Made me jittery allll daaay. 

Scenery= Best thing about it.

New Music=  super loud Kanye west on repeat.. not so great. I guess no mommys with children can come here.
The guys working here are always friendly; they've even given me good directions to my next destination. The coffee is decent, but their specialty drinks are a little too sweet for me. Bagel sandwiches, yum yum yum. The space is cute, sunshine-y, and not at all cramped. But, here are the the real reasons I love One Shot.

Bathroom decor- Good morning, elephant! Howdy, panther! Why Hello there SLOTH! It's great to see you all today! Won't you jump off the wall and follow me? I love this magical land...

Book selection- good solid lazy day novels, some classic literature, poetry, feminist readings, kiddie books, homemade books, EROTICA. Oh yes, I will spend my Saturday reading classic erotic tales and "Down and Dirty Short Erotic Stories". Yes, yes, yes I will.
Pros: Genuinely delicious food. Good coffee. Amazing atmosphere, whether you sit indoor or outdoor. Books. Couches. 

Cons: Waitstaff always seems a little annoyed. Shit is PRICEY! Seriously, an egg sandwich, a bagel, and 2 coffees ran me like 20 bucks. It's insane. 

I go for One Shot for the experience and the menu is good, it's just clearly overpriced. If you can get down with that I'd say it's worth going.
This is a gorgeous space (though, surprisingly, the seats are kind of uncomfortable). But that's about all I can say to recommend it. The food is usually medicore, it's incredibly overpriced, the Wifi is spotty, the music upstairs is too loud usually, and the people who work here are roundly unpleasant--especially the owner, who seems to attack anyone who deigns to criticize the establishment. I used to meet a friend here for breakfast weekly but we've since moved elsewhere. They are not interested in keeping their customers, so what is the point of patronizing it?
Sooo.... I WANT to give One Shot Coffee more stars because the space is great and the Mexican latte (mocha with a touch of cayenne pepper) is pretty tasty, BUT the prices, I agree, are NUTS.  I ordered a cup of tomato soup due to the need to spend $5 or more on a debit card and paid $6 for literally a CUP of soup.  Not only was the portion tiny, there was so much pepper in it I couldn't even finish it.  It was disgusting.  Additionally, I was really excited to find a cafe that served Intelligentsia Coffee/Espresso (this was the only reason I made the trip).  Sadly, One Shot Coffee, like so many other cafes trying to cut costs, has switched to Stumptown. BOOOOOO.  :-(   Overall, a nice space to sit and do some work and chat with some friends, but eat before you come.

On a side note- just heard an employee talking shi* about people that give any negative feedback on yelp. Maybe not such a good idea..... especially when anyone could be listening. (namely, me.)
This place is hit or miss depending on who is working.  I had to write a review after my experience today.  A previous poster nailed it when he brought up "unpleasant staff."

Pros:
- great Stumptown coffee
- free wifi

Cons:
- the women working at my most recent visit gave off a standoffish vibe whenever anybody went up to order or ask as question, as if they were annoyed people were there
- it was clear they did not want to be working, and made sure to let people know they had to be out right at 500pm (they even locked the main door early at 4:58 and announced everybody left needed to go out the side door)
- I know it's supposed to be a hipster coffee shop.  I've been to my fair share after living in Austin for 5 years.  But having a passive aggressive vibe (I even asked the guy next to me if it's normally like this and he said he was a bit weirded out), coupled with the terrible music and an unwelcoming environment make this to the top of my "never again" list.
So I've been to many brunch spots through out Philly. And my favorite now is One Shot Coffee. It's a small quaint spot in Northern Liberties. Very cozy. I just went there this morning and I had the Hudson Bagel. Apple, brie, arugula, with sour cherry jam on any bagel you want. oh i forgot there's BACON on it too :) 

I would recommend this spot also for coffee and tea. They have seasonal teas which are amazing as well. The summer teas are so good! When you're in northern liberties, you have to stop by here! The service is awesome too!!
came upon this great, comfy, little cafe in the beautiful new complex in No. Liberties.  Had a wonderful coffee, a seat on the couch, and a pleasantly content sunday.  DIdn't try the bagels, but they looked and sounded amazing.  I'll be sure to stop back.
I had yet to go to One Shot since they moved and I have to say, I'm rather pleased. 

I have no idea the extent of their menu pre-move, but they have a full menu full of delicious sounding things (mac & cheese breakfast sandwich?? WHAT??). I got the tofu scramble and it was pretty delicious and comparable to sabrina's or the like. They'll bring it out to your table, too. The house hot sauce is amazing. It won't burn your tongue off but it has a delicious sweet taste followed by a kick. 

The atmosphere is wonderful and chill, lots of people hard at work or socializing with friends. This feels like a great place to go with a friend to catch up or to read the paper in the morning. They have a row of tables with cushioned seating, too. I didn't get a chance to go upstairs so I can't comment on that though.

All around great morning place to stop in if you're not in a rush and want to enjoy a meal without having the time to go to an actual restuarant.
Instant Five Star upgrade after going upstairs. I had to double check that we didn't accidentally wander into someone's (awesome) apartment.

Would add a 6th star if I could, for the ricotta and orange french toast special.

Still want to live here. That is all.
What's the deal with all the coffeeshops in Philadelphia that are half-assing the coffee part? One Shot seems to be the latest in a number of hot "coffee" shops that aren't really all that great at coffee, at all.

I visited a few weeks ago on a Saturday morning, to see what all my friends are buzzing about. As someone who takes coffee pretty seriously, I've gotta say that I think the problem is that people are too satisfied with mediocre coffee. When I walk into a coffeeshop, I want to know what kind of process they're working with. So when I walked into One Shot, asked "What do you have for pourover?" and was rebutted with "Oh, it's all drip," I knew it was over. Even though they proudly serve coffee brewed with beans from nationally reputable roasters like Stumptown and Harrisburg's (incredible) micro-roaster Little Amps, it doesn't matter: It's all forefieit when you brew in a drip process.

Seriously: If you think the coffee here is good, then you don't know what you're missing. Try a coffeeshop that actually knows how to make good coffee, like La Colombe, Reanimator, or Menagerie.
I'm the type of person that likes to go to new places. I have my favorites, but I'm always wondering if there's something else out there that I have yet to see. Northern Liberties has a plethora of coffee shops and seeing as my time in the fishtown/no libs area is coming to an end, i'm trying my best to try them all out. Today was One Shot.

This place is pretty great. Small and cozy. There is plenty of seating. Lots of tables outside, nice bar seating right by the window where books line the bar up and down, comfortable couches. When I went in, lots of  girl rock was playing and it sort of fit in with the vibe. It wasn't obnoxious and sort of made my visit more pleasant. The place has a warm feel. The sort of place that has a real neighborhood vibe, a place that I can go get work done. The two women that were working were super friendly and made small talk with me.

I ordered an Americano that was ready pretty fast and a bagel with cream cheese. The bagel was pretty basic. Not neccesarily the best I've ever tasted (coffee house has some pretty great bagels). The coffee was good. I guess the sort of place that serves things that don't necessarily blow your mind, but when paired with the charm of the shop, are just right. They even brought out my food to me when I went to sit down and start in on my work while I waited.

I'd definitely come back here.
I arrived at the counter to order and had two employee's working with their back to me (and two other customers)  for almost 5 minutes and did not even attempt to acknowledge anyone on line.  When I did finally have their attention, I was told they do not offer iced tea or decaffinated coffee.  One Shot sits opposite a bakery that sells cupcakes and they do not offer a glass of milk either.  When I requested one, I was told they would make an acception this one time only because the milk was poured.  The Supervisor advised her co-worker that the owners do not allow them to sell milk.  I believe had it not been poured, she would have refused to serve me a glass of milk.  She repeated it was an exception.  The Supervisor made it clear to me she was annoyed at her co-worker and me.  Overall, a terrible experience and I would not return.
One Shot's greatest feature is its atmosphere: it is a cozy, warm, welcoming and friendly neighborhood coffee shop.  You can tell the owner is most concerned about making a comfortable social space for the locals (and the visitors!).  Local artists are supported and people are often welcomed by name in the shop.

Even more surprising is how good the food is.  Typically coffee shop food is edible, but an afterthought.  Here the bagels, sandwiches, and baked goods are really, really tasty.  And they have a sandwich with FLUFF!  Seriously?  What more do you need to know?

Oh, the coffee.  It's actually a little strong for me, but I buzz easily.  I stick to the steamed milk with honey, which is wonderful.  Come by, but don't take my spot.

Edit on 4/18:  Oh no.  Oh no, no, no.  For some reason, One Shot has hired my dad to choose the musical selections on the weekends.  "Crocodile Rock" followed up by "Stairway",  Please fire my dad.
There are 66 reviews currently for One Shot, so I'm not going to read through every one of them.  However, I wanted to give a few points on why I think this place deserves 5 stars:

- They're selling Stumptown Coffee!!!!! It's awesome.
- Great coffee shop ambiance
- Outdoor seating, dog friendly
- Awesome food - unique menu items

I tried the breakfast sandwich with house-made sausage.  The girl who served my coffee recommended the brioche bun (which was great), but bagels are also available.  My boyfriend had the breakfast nachos with homemade tortilla chips.  Delish!!

Unique cafes like this are the reason why Northern Liberties is such a cool neighborhood.
I really wish the customer service quality matched the food/drink and atmosphere quality! It would be a shame, but I may just stop going because I've had over a dozen times of unfriendly customer service. The prices are high, which I wouldn't mind if the staff seemed friendlier. There are of course exceptions and a few very nice servers that make all the difference. But I used to go all the time, not so much now for this reason. Everything else is top notch.
I reallllllly like One Shot, but there are a few things that bum me out enough to knock off stars, the prices are a tad high for some of the drinks--I spent $8.99 on two iced teas, one was a thai iced tea, but still. They were smalls. The other is the fact that they close the upstairs earlier than the rest of the place. It's such a great place to work, or hang out, or read, etc. My husband and I usually spend about $35-40 per visit on food and drinks, but always get kicked out of the upstairs after a short time of being there. The closing time is arbitrary too, which I find even more annoying. One day it was 3:30, yesterday it was 4pm. You close at 5 on Sundays, just keep it friggin open. The downstairs is almost always full once the upstairs closes, so taking work to another table is often impossible. 

Now, the good stuff--the food is yummy! The specials always sound amazing, the coffee drinks are delish, despite their price tag. The baristas are pleasant and knowledgeable. The ambience feels like home, or a catalogue of what I want my home to be like.
I would originally give this place 5 stars... The interior is pretty cool and the girl who waited on me was very sweet. 

However it was my first time here and I didn't have a stellar experience in the end. I ordered an iced coffee and the Hudson bagel. Iced coffee was pretty good.. Nothing I would go outside of my way to make a trip for but good. 

Then, the bagel. Got the Hudson bagel, no bacon (to go) got in my car and checked it out to make sure the cook got it right and... There was bacon on there. 
Okay, so I work in a bar. And I could have easily picked it off myself. I'm sure I have consumed some things non-vegetarian in the past unknowingly. But... I figured I was there and would rather have a new sandwich since I checked it before getting home. 

The girl took it without a problem and said she understood as she also doesn't eat meat.. When I got it back she told me he was in the process of making another order for someone else and gave me that one (after I questioned the timing) got to my car.. And yep. The cook just picked the bacon off.. With pieces of bacon still left behind. I didn't go back in because I didn't want to make a fuss and be all hardcore about it. However it left me with a bad taste in my mouth about One shot. To me, that is just pure laziness at it's best. 

I did eat the sandwich and survive. I'm pretty understanding. It's just a matter of the point, I asked for it not to be picked off. And it was after being assured it wasn't. Ah well.. Hope one shot reads and takes a note. And vegetarians/kosher customers beware.
Incredibly expensive, expect to spend about $2-3 more than you would elsewhere on most of the drinks and food items. 

I almost didn't mind paying for the likely most expensive latte in Philadelphia when they used Stumptown espresso; it was that good. Since switching to (probably cheaper) PT's the quality has diminished so it's really not worth it anymore.

The food is hit or miss, some of it's good, but most of it is way overseasoned.

Most of the employees seem really depressed; not sure if it's part of the mopey hipster ambience they're trying to project or what, but they must not enjoy working there very much. Some of them won't even make eye contact with you, it's like something out of a creepy dystopian sci-fi movie.

The interior is beautiful though, definitely gonna steal a few design ideas for my loft.

But overall, I would avoid One Shot. Sweet Spot down the street has equally good coffee for about $2 less per drink and the staff is actually friendly and happy to see you. If you're looking for brunch, as someone else mentioned Green Eggs (same price, better food) and Honey's (same food, better prices) are better options.
I love this place.  It's a short walk from the apartment and has that Stumptown NYC feel to it, except much bigger and food options.

They offer pour overs during the week and have great caffeinated options all the time.  The breakfast sandwich is delicious and they give you the option of having it on brioche!

Oh, and I love the music they play.  It makes me feel right at home.
Food is ok everything is just so overpriced. Just found out they use store-bought orange juice in a gallon and sell it for $5 a cup like it's fresh squeezed.
Staff not particularly friendly, drinks overpriced and they close their espresso machine before their official closing time. Which means you can't even get a latte at 450pm. Sad that we don't have more customer oriented options in Northern Liberties. And their hours are terrible for people who work regular business hours.
This place is both close to my office, and my home so I was really hoping to love it but I have two major issues with it. 1) It's a total rip-off. I asked for a small iced coffee with almond milk and it was $5.00. I've never heard of a coffee shop charging $0.65 JUST to add almond milk to an iced coffee. I'd asked for almond milk after I'd already paid and they made me take my card out again and re-pay for the additional charge. I was extremely displeased. 2) The music is awful. I'm not pretentious about music whatsoever, but they play non-stop sad-boy early 2000s music. Considering how much space they have for working, I'd think this could be a great place to work remotely from, but I've attempted to work from One Shot multiple times and each time cannot focus with the ringing of the awful music. 

I feel like One Shot needs to focus a little less on their aesthetic and more on the experience for the customers. Also stop charging 20% extra to get almond milk added to your drinks. I've never heard of that.
Hipster paradise. If you're into delicious, unique, handcrafted caffeinated drinks made with fresh ingredients and a smile, then pop into one shot for an awesome coffee experience. 

I'm a huge fan of customer service, and this place is top notch. I loved chatting with the handsome, helpful barista. He was very kind and patient with my friends and I as we asked many questions on our hunt for a sweet-but-not-too-sweet drink to wet our whistles. 

This is a very chill place to hang with indoor and outdoor seating available. This would be a great place to study. It''s nestled in No Libs near other hopping spots with a plethora of free parking surrounding. 

They have some truly unique drinks here, and they're worth the $4-5 price tag every now and then for a splurge. Their specials change every two weeks. I'm definitely keen to come back!
Went in with a friend for an iced coffee.   I noticed a sign up front that read, "we have Oat Milk."  Yay! I love oat milk because there is no added sugar - most non-dairy creamers available at cafes, have added cane sugar, and I don't like sugar in my coffee.  I told the woman behind the counter how happy I was about having the oat milk and she went off on me about how unhealthy oat milk is - that it's full of suspicious added ingredients, etc.  I said, "if it's so bad then why are you stocking it?" And by the way, the counter was littered with breakfast options that include brownies, pastries and lots of sugary treats.  I was completely shamed in front of everyone in line over oat milk - who cares!!!!????  After I got my drink I asked my friend, "did that really just happen?" Yes it did, she assured me.  The first time I went, I asked if they had a non-dairy option for my coffee that didn't have sugar in it.  I was hoping for unsweetened almond, soy, whatever - I just don't like sugar in my coffee.  After making me feel like I was asking for the moon and making me feel bad for asking and holding up the line because they had to read the ingredient list on the box, it was determined that no, the soy and almond they had already had sugar in it but they had coconut that didn't - fine.  Ridiculous.  Terrible service.
One Shot = one word...amazing!

OK, so I have a little more to say...I absolutely love the eclectic decor and warm, welcoming feeling you immediately get when walking in. The staff is super friendly, the food is made from fresh ingredients and freshly baked goods. Love their Chai latte and I have honestly ordered many different meals from their seasonally changing menu that I can't pinpoint a favorite. Trust me, just go and experience the best breakfast/ brunch place in my neighborhood!
One Shot Coffee & Café might just be my favorite coffee shop ever. Somehow the excellent food, quality espresso beverages and well thought out décor amassed in a perfect permutation, making our breakfast at One Shot one of the most delightful parts of our recent trip to Philly. 

As I waited at a table by a window I could quickly tell by glancing around that the owners and workers care wholeheartedly about the product they put out and the happiness of their customers. Their dedication, work ethic and contentment were readily apparent by even the most cursory observation. Similarly, a peek at the tables and a glance at the quickly moving line showed one of the most diverse crowds I've ever seen at a coffee house - a real testament to this shop as it appeals to everyone.

Unfortunately I'm not a Philadelphian so I can't come here regularly, and even more unfortunate, we had only popped in to fulfill my morning need for coffee and grab an edible accompaniment, we weren't going to stay for a full lunch. We decided to split the Ultimate Breakfast Sandwich (brioche bun, brie, bacon, giant hash brown, two eggs with just enough runniness) and selected our drinks, then Justin went to order while I camped out at the table. When he came back he had one of their Mexican chocolate cronuts with him. It's the little things in life that make the biggest difference and this was no exception - not only because it was an awesome cronut with great flavor and texture and paired well with my cappuccino, but because my partner has impeccable taste and knows exactly what I will like. 

After we finished our breakfast we took a turn around the café. Both upstairs and downstairs are absolutely adorable. Each vintage element is placed perfectly and seems like it would have a story. The upstairs is much less hectic, has a little library and would be the perfect place to sit and catch up with a girlfriend over brunch. The menus of specials are hand written and decorated on giant butcher paper rolls - love it. Even the downstairs bathroom is beautiful with its old fashioned lace curtain and mock window. 

The concept, design and execution of every aspect of One Shot are perfect. There is nothing here not to love.
I'd love to love One Shot but I but I find myself in a quandary.  The food is original, fresh and delicious.  The service - contrary to many other reviews - is friendly, prompt, and courteous.  It's just that the coffee is meh at best.  Often times it seems that they're using a burnt roast akin to the big guys (they know who they are).

One Shot's location is prime in the upstart Liberties Walk shopping area in NoLibs.  Liberties Walk presides over many of my favorite (and soon to be reviewed) establishments in the city.  These include the stellar Trophy Bike Garage, Liberties Walk Dry Cleaners, Home Slice and not to mention Bar Ferdinand and Full Plate Cafe.  That said, it is a fitting destination for many of life's necessities.  Such a destination requires a top notch coffee shop or at least a top notch *cup* of coffee.  One Shot has the potential to be great but it's missing that one element albeit an important one.

Note to One Shot: Fishtown's Rocket Cat carries Old City coffee and they really know how to brew it.  Unfortunately, Rocket Cat sucks in every other aspect.  Maybe look to step it up in the flagship product department and you'll kick out a couple more stars.
Excellent! We came here for brunch on a Saturday around 9:30 AM. There was a line, but it moved quickly. The set up is a little different from other brunch places in that you order at the counter, take a number, and then find a table. There is seating downstairs and upstairs as well. Their drinks are so creative and tasty! We ordered the dulce de leche latte and a flat white. Both were great! 

Their menu was also filled with lots of great variety and a ton of vegan/vegetarian options, which is awesome. We ordered the vegan biscuits and gravy, cinnamon bun pancakes, and white bean/mushroom avocado toast. Everything was perfect! I will also say that the servers were so kind, warm, and helpful, which I love. I'm sure we'll be back!
In the land of so many good coffee shops you usually only have 1 shot to impress me. But with so many awesome latte varieties I think I might just be willing to give them at least 50. 

I'm giving it three stars not so much for wonky service or bad coffeehouse options. It just merits 3 because when it comes to NoLibs Higher Grounds and Arbol offer a lot more qualities that 1 Shot comes up short on. And both are a lot more spacious. So I feel that giving here a higher rating would lead people astray. 

But 1 Shot does deliver on some great flavored lattes and offer's up some decent service (not all the time from the sound of other reviews, but the guy that helped me out was awesome). I had a hard time choosing at first, But decided to give the Irish Car Bomb Latte a try in honor of Dave H. There was no Guiness involved, but the Irish cream syrup in it was pretty potent. The fact that it's in Liberties Walk also makes it a worthy spot for some people watching. I'll be back.
It amazes me that after almost a year and a half of working for Yelp I am still discovering new local businesses on a weekly basis. I came across this coffee shop simply because I parked nearby for a meeting. The place is really cool, and when I expressed my wonder, the awesome baristas encouraged me to check out the upstairs, too. This is a great place to either work alone in a cool environment or catch up with friends. 


Sadly, I didn't love the coffee. I'm a La Colombe girl and One Shot's coffee just didn't float my boat. But that wouldn't stop me from coming back to try other menu items.
There's no moderation in reviewing this place, apparently. Weird!?

I like it. I get made fun of by my friends for being that girl that lives in Northern Liberties and drinks coffee in the bougie promenade. But I think the coffee is damn good. And it's intelligentsia (this is a good thing for all of you bleeding heart liberals out there). 

And the food? Rockstar quality. I've had the pesto, mozz, tomato baguette and a serious bagel (pesto, olive oil, sundried tomatoes, and pine nuts). Both were insanely delicious. 

I guess I thought the service was normal. Not too friendly but not rude. I can't really complain when I'm not traveling and working from home I have to find a coffee shop that will let me camp out for 5 hours minimum. So far they seem to be cool with that.

Only real complaint - cheaper refills? is that just not a philly thing? it's lame.
My go to coffee my last go around in philly was la colombe. However, since living in portland , I have developed a New found appreciation for stumptown. And since I now live only a few blocks from this place, so I had to give it a shot (haha!). 
It's like I never left Portland. Perfectly helpful and hipster baristas. Stumptown coffee. Kitschy cool decorations. The drinks are great. Service is sweet. So happy to have my neighborhood coffee spot.
One Shot Coffee is fantastic!!! 

Wife and I went to Philly to get away for the weekend and we were very pleased with the city of brotherly Love. 

One shot hit the spot after a rocking hard concert at the Fillmore on Saturday. 

Didn't make it in time for their breakfast special but sure wish I had. 
The latte, salmon eggs Benedict, & Blueberry scone I had more than hit the spot. 

They are Hipsters and their creativity delivers from food, atomsphere, coffee, and clothing. 

Folks at the restaurant were very friendly, helpful, & welcoming.  

We'll definitely be back for Philly Trip #2. 

Thanks One Shot!
So I'm yelping about One Shot as I sit a One Shot to work and drink a latte.  And I must say, the more I come to this place the less appeal it starts to have.  

Now I really like the hipster type decor and the upstairs is fabulous, but I cringe every time I pay $4.25 for a latte.  I understand they got a new fabulous building in the prime No Libs location so if I'm gonna bitch about the prices don't go right?  Plus the latte's area always great.

Here is my biggest problem with One Shot.  The music is entirely too loud.  Most people here today are working solo on their computers with head phones on.  I can hear the music through my head phones even with my volume is turned all the way up!  Outrageous.  This isn't PYT.  There isn't a dj.  This is a coffe shop.  So I asked them to turn it down and and employee said normally my boss doens't allow that but the ipod is on right now instead of the satellite so it can be all over the place.  She "turned" it down but not by much because I can still hear the music over my headphones.  

I'll come here again, but just to chill for a coffee, not to do some work on my computer.
How are they even in business?

This is literally one of the worst coffee shops I've been to in Philadelphia.  Over priced, and unfriendly atmosphere, just a really unenjoyable experience.  I had heard a lot of complaints about the owners and the way they treat their employees and other customers as well.  Horrible spot. do yourself a favor and go somewhere else.
I stopped in on a cold snowy day and found this place to be cozy and comfy.  I decided on the Mexican Mocha Latte which had an interesting spicy kick to it.  The service was just as warm and the toasted bagel made it all worth the stop.  
We need more coffee places like this.
I love One Shot Coffee!  I am a tea drinker, so I can't comment on how good the coffee is, but I have always had good service and I really like the vibe of this place.  They have free wifi, a shelf of interesting paperback books to browse, and a variety of seating options (couches or tables, and outside seating when it's nice).  I also recommend the bagel with hummus and cucumbers - yum!
VERY pleasantly surprised by One Shot. Not in the mood for a full Estelle-style brunch, we stopped in hoping to score maybe just a coffee and bagel- we didn't even expect there to be a full food menu.

We took a look at the specials on the big brown roll of paper (a great touch) and I knew i had to get the breakfast sandwich special. While it looked good on paper, it was even better in actuality.  My gf's omelet was also great. High points to the unusually good house blend and a fine latte... all presented in good time by a friendly and helpful staff.

If this placed were located right across the street from me, I would never leave.

And I haven't even been upstairs yet.
This place has good enough product to offer, however everyone seems depressed in here and are not in to small talk. I sense the employees are literally not allowed to be friendly. There something that is off. Poor management most likely. I'll go to my usual spot where the atmosphere is better and employees are happy. I'm willing to pay for over priced products but there has to be something more that keeps me coming back.
I recently moved to the Northern Liberties/Fishtown area, brand new to Philly, a sometime barista and coffee snob. I went to Hinge, Rocket Cat, standard coffee place 1, 2, 3, etc., and thank Jebus I found 1 Shot, because it is definately my new living room. 

I find that the other coffee shops I've gone to lack one or more of the fundamentals every coffee should have: distinctively good espresso/drip coffee, chill atmosphere, pleasant staff. 

Ok, here we go: 1 Shot has the unsurpassable Chicago-based Intelligentsia brand espresso (it's the first place I've encountered since I left Los Angeles that features it - seriously, I nearly tinkled with joy when I discovered this), and it's homey and cute as hell with it's comfy couches, plethora of reading material from magazines to classic literature, and dang if that bathroom isn't well kept. The staff are a bunch of sweethearts and make me laugh, even when they're just talking amongst themselves, which is important! The signs they make for their food (best bagels around, try the marbled ones) crack me up too. Check out the laminated one for the new Pumpkin and Maple Explosion bagels.

Seriously, who doesn't want a relaxing space to plop down and enjoy a delicious coffee beverage and homemade cookie served to them by a cool, funny staff? I love you, 1 Shot.
Wow, I just really had to share my awful experience. I'm ashamed it even had to come to this. Do not waste your time or money here, ESPECIALLY if you forget something to add or take away from your order, even if you're having a rough day or it just slipped your mind. Because the owner at this coffee shop, Melissa Baruno, is not understanding nor caring towards customers and will not work with you to resolve the issue.
I use to come to this coffee shop often, enjoying the food and coffee. Due to the times, I ordered through the Caviar app. I forgot to put "iced", that is my fault, I understand and voiced that. Through several interactions which are described in the emails below, all I respectfully asked for was a refund on drinks I did not want and was offering to give them back. I understand the drinks can not be re-served, but it's the principle of the matter. All I received was resistance, attitude, and terrible customer service. I am shocked that a small business owner would act this way. 
I've worked at a coffee shop before and even when customers forget something, we always took it upon ourselves to just be understanding and remake a drink because customers just sometimes forget.
The last photo is the owner emailing me with the email title "There you go" and the picture of the order, even though I've already said I understood my mistake. Very childish behavior, such a shame.
One shot coffee is one of my favorite cafes in northern liberties.  It has all the requisite pieces that make a successful business: great food and drink, comfortable atmosphere, reasonable prices, and amazing staff (as the other reviews point out, the staff make you feel welcome every time you come in).  

Other pluses: free internet, interesting music, interesting artwork, and an open crowd of people who aren't afraid to start conversations with other coffee drinkers. 

I probably stay there too long in some cases, working from their tables or reading a book on one of the couches, but they've never given me a mean stare or an indication that i've worn out my welcome.
Everyone is entitled to his or her opinion, but have had only delightful coffee experiences at One Shot. Having lived in the neighborhood for over a year, this cafe has become a part of my daily routine.. Their bagel menu is fantastic and cheap, and their pastries are deadly..

Most importantly, the coffee is certainly the best in the neighborhood, from direct-trade all-star roasters Intelligentsia. I believe they are the only shop in Philly who carries it.. Their baristas are knowledgeable and always friendly, and they can work wonders with the shop's espresso drinks.. Try their "Crow-Bar" if you're feeling adventurous -- 4 shots of espresso cut with steamed half-and-half.. WOW!
Great location and excellent cup of coffee. Definitely had a unique taste to it. Unfortunately both times I ordered from the take out window I was solicited to leave a tip. Prepare for an awkward interaction if you don't pay up!!
Fantastic experience waiting over 25 min for one cup of coffee! Would highly recommend to people who enjoy waiting a long time!!
1 Shot Coffee is my favorite spot in NoLibs.  Owner, Melissa Baruno, is a great asset to our fun neighborhood.  She has a great energy and her coffee shop is a huge part of my morning routine.  Both she and her staff are  so friendly and patient (as it often takes me a few minutes to decide on what to order).  The coffee is wonderful and the lattes and bagels are the best in the neighborhood.  The vibe of her shop is entrancing-- very cozy, free wi-fi, great book selection and a nice eclectic mix of patrons to chat with.  She also supports local artists by hanging work and not taking a commission-- very nice.
Ordered our sandwiches ahead of time (2 everything bagels with egg and cheese, 1 with sausage). I went to pick it up and stood at a closed window while the server chatted away with someone sitting inside. I called after standing in the rain for a few minutes and she ran right over with my food. Both sandwiches were greasy and subpar at best. I was shocked it came out to $23!! Was DEFINITELY NOT WORTH IT.
Stopped by One Shot yesterday morning. Not my first visit, but the first time I really made it a point to take in the whole experience rather than just grab something and go. 

I definitely dig the vibe and character of the shop itself. The old Frogger machine, book selection, bike wheels as shelf-ends, and hodge-podge furniture make it super homey. I can't say anything good or bad about the service, really. There were four baristas behind the counter, two of which helped us and two seemed to be training. They certainly weren't abrasive or rude as some reviews have claimed, but didn't make much of an impression either. Both of the bagels we had were great - mine had an amazing pumpkin butter on it.

As for the coffee, we had mixed results. My girlfriend had a pumpkin latte, which looked worthy of a magazine cover or advertisement of some kind. One of my favorite things about independent coffee shops is the creativity and craftsmanship that is allowed to go into such works of art. I couldn't taste much coffee flavor in her drink, mostly just pumpkin and milk. But that's why it was her drink. I ordered a double macchiatto. Appearance was pleasing. The foam was velvety smooth, no bubbles. The barista making both our drinks was clearly an ace with the milk steaming. Unfortunately, the espresso was the worst I've ever tasted. Not sure if it was the beans, barista, or the equipment but I was very disappointed.

Cozy place to hang out. I'll have to give the espresso a second chance another time.
This place had a frogger cocktail table (one of those sit down arcade games).  But it wasn't working.  

Other than that fact, it is almost the exact same as Higher Grounds coffee just with less space.  Oh, and their coffee is more expensive.  I guess rent on Liberties Walk is really high.
One Shot has been my weekly go-to cafe for about 6 months ago now and never disappoints. I'm a tea drinker rather than a coffee drinker, and I usually try whatever tea latte special, which are always seasonal and unique and deeeellllicious. My favorite tea lattes to date are the salted praline chai, lavender London fog, and most recently the butternut squash latte with oat milk. Insane. If you're someone who enjoys try new things and experimenting with different flavor profiles, please check this place out. If you're not or you're just feeling something timeless and classic, they have their normal menu as well which is also on point. 

I've also gotten food to order a few times and let me tell you- sooooo good! I'm in love with their tofu scramble, bagels and vegan baked goods. 

Besides the bomb lattes and yummy eats, what draws me to this place is the atmosphere and aesthetic. Its gorgeous, vintage-esque, laid back and chill. You can come grab brunch with friends, come with a laptop (free wifi- woot woot!) and do work for a few hours, or sit and read a book on one of the couches upstairs. There's really no reason NOT to hang out here. 

Oh! I almost forgot to mention that the staff is always sooooooooo sweet and knowledgeable about the menu. They're always so helpful and the service is always great! I'll definitely be back soon, especially considering I got a gift card here for Christmas because it's just so obvious how much I love this place
I want the old One Shot back.  What's with the new prices?  Really?!  Go to Milkcrate, get the Bagella Fitzgerald and La Colombe coffee served by a nice counter girl for the price of just a garden bagel here.
I stop at 1 Shot every time I'm in Northern Liberties. Not only is the coffee great they offer a relaxed atmosphere with wireless internet! A great place to hideout or bring your friends.

If you're looking for a place to warm your tummy and soul in the up and coming fall and winter months I Shot coffee is the place to be!
While visiting Philly, we decided on One Shot as our first breakfast spot as it was in walking distance from where we stayed and the Yelp ratings were good. It's a cute little spot with little seating downstairs but more spacious upstairs. 

I had a chai tea latte and the tofu scramble. The chai tea was good, but I was underwhelmed by my tofu scramble. My son had the French toast which was decent, but same as I could have made at home. My mom had the sweet potato eggs Benedict which was definitely the best of all three. However, I did not like her mocha cappuccino. Our meals came with hash browns which reminded me of the McDonalds hash browns, very fried and greasy....not my favorite. Overall, I felt the experience was a bit of a letdown. I visited two other breakfast places after One Shot, and they were excellent. I think they have the potential to be a great spot, but definitely some room for improvement.
I'm so disappointed in One Shot.  I went in last week and paid $4.32 for a small iced latte - a few days later the prices went up and a small iced latte now costs $5.02.  I must've looked pretty shocked because the girl behind the register offered an explanation: "the price of plastic went up."  This did nothing to offer understanding and, really, it just upset me.  Make up a better excuse - tell me the price of coffee went up - not the iced cups that are no longer necessary seeing as how it's fall.  The prices are just getting silly here. If a Center City coffee shop with higher rent, like Elixr, can afford to charge $4.25 for the same drink I can't help but wonder what One Shot's deal is. One Shot is too pricey to keep in my morning schedule.
If I could give One Shot Coffee 10 stars, I would. It really is as good as it gets, and don't let anyone tell you otherwise!

My friend and I biked here yesterday morning for breakfast, and each started out with cups of joe (drip). A great roast (Stumptown) and brewed to perfection, it is one of the best cups that you will find in the city. 

We then shared the A.B.E. sandwich, which was tasty, a mini Mexican chocolate cronut, and a blueberry scone. The baked goods are seriously out of this world! Freshly made on-site, they parallel made-from-scratch home-baked goods, and they are delectable. 

Since it was a beautiful morning, we sat outside with our bikes to enjoy our fare, and ended up staying for a couple of hours!

I might have to move to Philly for this place.
One Shot = pure weekend happiness. 

One can usually find me taking up couch space in the center of One Shot on any given Sat/Sun morning. My usual is 2 shots over ice and a garden bagel (which I've been known to drive across town to get my hands on). Other favs include the pumpkin explosion bagel, these wicked good vegan donuts and the mozz, pesto and tomato baguette (grilled).

The staff is killer and well trained to pull a perfect shot, the music is always just right for the time of day/week. There's also a great selection of magazines and books to check out.

It's one of the best coffee shops in Philly and the hands down winner in the North Portfishington vicinity.
What a disappointment, Iced coffee completely water down and absolutely overpriced. I went there on Sunday with my partner and we both ordered blueberry pancakes they came with butter and pancake syrup, we also ordered a side of bacon (3 miserable tiny, tiny slices) probably the cheapest in the market.
So:
2 orders of pancakes (3 on each plate)
2 Iced coffees 
1 side of bacon
=
$27 and change and no costumer service

Seriously? Look around the neighborhood and see the quality food and service other offer!

Want examples?
Green eggs for the same price - Excellent
 Honeys for almost ten dollars less - Absolutely fantastic 

Just a no no to One Shot Coffee

I have to admit, the decor is really nice but not enough for me to go back.
Cozy, homey coffeehouse/brunchery where you can easily linger for hours. Varied assortment of specialty coffee and tea drinks, house-made baked goods -many of which are vegan-friendly-, and a brunch menu featuring seasonal specials with gourmet ingredients.  

They use Stumptown coffee beans here, so any coffee drink here is a good bet for a strong, rich taste. Really good loose leaf teas as well - I recommend getting a Loose Leaf Tea Lattes with the Almond and Toffee Supreme tea. 

For food, I recommend:
- Truffled Egg Salad (Sandwich): I love it when an egg salad is not overloaded with mayo- this one was really light, and served with arugula and radishes on a brioche. The taste of the truffle oil was really prominent, which is great because I think one can never have too much truffle oil. The sandwich is also served with a fresh potato salad tossed in vinegar and oil.
- Any Bagel Sandwich: the bagels here are delicious, and it's a shame you can't just buy a dozen off of them to take home. Breakfast Sandwich on a bagel is a good bet, and the Garden Bagel Sandwich (with cucumbers, tomatoes, and capers) comes with a generous slathering of cream cheese that seems particularly fresh, almost like it's been whipped with Greek yogurt - really yummy. 

Good, but I wasn't as excited about: 
- Stuffed French Toast: I love French toast generally, but I wish the French toast here (essentially a warm Nutella and banana sandwich) had a bit more pizazz.

Everything is a little on the pricier side for the quantity you get, particularly compared to other brunch places in the neighborhood, but fresh ingredients, friendly staff, and a seat in possibly one of the cutest coffeehouses in Philly make it worthwhile to venture out here.
I loved One Shots old location, I usually went almost every Saturday morning this summer with my dog and a friend and drank an iced americano (the best in town) outside and read a book. 

Its gotten a little brisk outside for such adventures... Dog walks have been replaced by scooter and car rides, iced americanos have been replaced by lattes (also the best in town) and One Shot has moved to a bangin' new location directly behind their old.  I must say I love the style of their new diggs, It actually reminds me a lot of my style, though a little more rustic.  Its a great place to go and enjoy a book - which I've already done.  I haven't tried any of their brunch items but they looked delicious when I was watching everyone around me get their food.  I will remedy this problem asap.
The food is good, the coffee is good, the atmosphere is cool, but everything is very over priced. Most of the employees seem  disinterested in making your visit a pleasurable one - it's almost like you are annoying them by ordering food/drinks. There are better coffee spots near by.
