correction, NO stars!!! VERY GOOD REASON....Read on....


2 weeks ago my pregnant friend ordered jello via takeout. she ordered it in a normal voice...there was no kind of altercation or anything on the phone. She was eating her jello.....

AFTER SHE HAD EATEN ONE JELLO CUBE...THE NEXT CUBE ON HER SPOON HAD 2 ROACHES IN IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

DEAD SERIOUS. NOT JOKING!!!!!!!!!!


BEWARE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!


nothing more to say about this classic Philadelphia Institution. I'm sooooooo done!!
[1082]
2/2020

We have visited this Philadelphia diner a bunch of times.  

Parking lot is small but luckily it is shared with other businesses.

The menu is huge and full of options.

We all enjoyed our food so nothing bad so far.

Our service was eh.. Just ok.  

We will definitely be back.
This place sucks.  

When I pulled into the parking lot, they were at five starts -- innocent until proven guilty.

When I saw the menu, they were at four stars.  The selection was OK and the prices were a bit high for a diner.  But, nevertheless, I was eager to try the food.

The food was excellent.  I felt like I definitely got my money's worth.  After the meal, Oregon stayed at four stars.

When the bill came, they dropped down to three stars.  My friend had ordered a parm sandwich and nothing else.  French fries had come with the meal, and he ate them because he assumed that fries were part of the deal when you order a sandwich.  However, there was a separate charge for fries on our bill.

My friend explained the situation to our waitress and that's when this racket plummeted to one star.  She responded by informing him that the fries do not come with the sandwich and that he'd have to pay for them.  She went on to say that he ate them and if he didn't want them he shouldn't have eaten them.  He explained that he thought they simply came with the sandwich and that, in fact, their inclusion was THEIR mistake and he shouldn't have to pay for it.

Here's where it gets crazy.   The waitress explained that this is standard -- that "regular" customers know that Oregon will bring out the fries (WHICH ARE CHARGED EXTRA) and the customers will Oregon that they DON'T want the the (assumed) inclusion of fries while ordering.  According to the waitress, my friend should have asked NOT to have the fries at additional charge.

Are you all following this twisted logic?  Let me break it down:

Oregon ASSUMES that its customers want to receive an extra item that they haven't ordered and will only abstain from including it in your meal if you request that it NOT be included.

Sorry Oregon, that's not how 99.9% of all restaurants in the world operate.  They don't do that because, um......it's sort of ILLEGAL.

Don't patronize these criminals.
Well, my initial love affair with Oregon Diner (aka "the cookie diner" in the words of my 8 year old) has faded a bit.

Lunch was good yesterday - but the cheese ravioli was drowned in "gravy".
I extricated the 6 lovely (delcious) cheese-filled pillows onto another plate.
Lunch saved.

My dining partner ordered a cheese steak.  He proclaimed it "very good".
Looks ok to me but it's not Tony Luke's!

Servers, as always are characters and great fun to watch.

I love it here still - but it is really more of a 3 than a 4 star place.
It's "just as you remember" a good diner in Sou-filly to be.
Visit Nov 28 
What a place? Every employee says hello and asks  how are u? Many of the waitresses pepper you with the diner " Sweetie" and "honey"s. Some may find that offensive but this is South Philly and I dig it.
I am new here at only 2 years but whether I dine with my daughter, friends or the latest beau they all ultimately become patrons. We all drive in from the burbs. I get texts sometimes from friends thanking me for turning them onto Oregon .It has recently undergone a renovation and expansion. It is now very nice.

If you like reasonable prices for a Huge Menu with awesome desserts and also enjoy colorful locals you will love the Oregon.
Why is everything so damn bland here?  I am a Philadelphian; I don't go to diners for their quaintness or charm or anything dumb like that.  I go for cheap food.  Oregon Diner isn't inedible, but it is not really good either.  

Penrose, Melrose, and Atlantic Diners are all much better than here.  The advantage of the Oregon diner is that it's quite large.  

If you have a choice, skip Oregon and to another diner.
What a fantastic diner!

Walked in with a group of 11 people around midnight, and received the most friendly reception I've ever received for that trying set of circumstances.  

Somehow we all crammed into one booth against the wall.  Everyone proceeded to order different things from the breakfast menu.  I opted for a cinnamon roll and tea. The pancakes looked delicious, and the milkshakes were punishingly sweet.  

The best part of the night was at the end of the meal, when our waitress automatically separated our checks for us and wrote a thank you on the back of each receipt.  After several unfriendly service experiences dining in a large group, this warmed my heart immensely.  Overall, a great experience and I look forward to going back!
I am being generous with 3 stars but it's a bit better then just 2.

My wife and i ate there this morning.  I had a western omelet she had a cheese omelet.

The prices are low and the place is clean and comfortable with good AC.  

Some guy hit us up for money in the lot.  He was smoking a cigarette and wearing brand new expensive looking sneakers.  

Buzz off buddy, but substitute a different word... 

Service was decent - nice and quick with drinks but not too good on follow up or asking us if we wanted anything else...the place was not busy and they did not need the table.  Not nasty service, nice but unskilled service.

The food was not of the highest quality ingredients, but was skillfully cooked.

The prices were low. 

Would I go back?  No since the admittedly more costly but still reasonable Penrose Diner is just 2 miles away.

http://www.yelp.com/biz/penrose-diner-philadelphia

Would I avoid the place?  No, it's fine just we have better available.
"Standard", "adequate" and "typical" are all appropriate descriptors for the Oregon Diner. 

It is indeed South Philly. The waitress will call you "hon". 

- If this is your first foray into the city or S. Philly, you may not like the Oregon Diner.

- If you like diners and satisfying inexpensive meals, you may like the Oregon Diner. 

Seriously, not to dress up a chimp but it's a diner, nothing more - nothing less. I can't over emphasize that. Is it going to have a greasy, no-frills quality to it? Probably. It's good for what diners are good for - breakfast. It's cheap and fast. It's not the kind of a place you would, oh I don't know....split hairs over a french fry charge.

For me, I wouldn't go to any other diner in S. Philly.
By far the Oregon diner is one of my favorite places to eat. They have a wide variety of food selections in addition to daily specials.  You can get soup and salads, sandwiches, full dinners, desserts and even enjoy a drink or two from the bar.   I enjoy eating here with my family, friends and even coworkers.  They can accommodate one person dining and large parties equally well. The food is served in a timely manner and the waitresses are generally friendly prompt and they do a great job. They make some of the best soups you'll eat. Their pastries and desserts are outstanding. I've never had a meal at this diner that I didn't enjoy. I would highly recommend the Oregon Diner.
I love diners - being an east coast kid, I want every Saturday morning to be breakfast, a newspaper, and a diner.

This did not disappoint... for those not in the know, a diner is NOT Ihop/Village Inn/Cracker Barrel/Denny's etc. True diners have dessert, a bakery with homemade sweet goodness (and if you are on the East Coast/MidAtlantic, SCRAPPLE!!!).

Had a plate with eggs, scrapple!, and home fries and toast. Missing a little of salt on the taters but it brought back home (MD).

Picked up a 1 pound chocolate eclair that was...  a force to be reckoned with.

Go there. Now.
Not as good today - but still a classic.
I still prefer Oregon over the Melrose and Penrose diners.

I am grateful to be able to find a few good "old school" diners.

DD had chicken fingers 'n fries (theirs are very fresh and crisp), DH and I had breakfast.
The pancakes were HUGE, and pretty delicious. They were served with real butter, which is rare at a diner. I also got a side of homefries, which were kind of bland, but thats what ketchup is for.  Boyfriend got a grilled buffalo chicken sandwich, which came with TWO breasts, and yummy fries.  The service was fine.

Why only two stars? A soda was 2.25 and they charge for refills. Stinginess rubs me the wrong way.
As often as I can, I visit my grandmother for lunch. Unless I can convince her otherwise, we are headed to a diner. Today, it was the Oregon Diner. She suggested Oregon Ave.'s iteration of Philly's standard eatery after my sister said she wanted a salad. Vague enough, but tricky by diner code. 

Between conversations about sickness, death and cleaning, (at 81-years-old, Grandmom has a hard time talking about much else as did the other old-heads surrounding us) we slurped murky chicken noodle soup and sludgy split pea.  

Then came the entrees and we fell silent. Grandmom had her work cut out for her with that enormous burger and piping hot, crunchy fries. Our salads were loaded (mine floating in dressing - get yours on the side) with warmed chicken, hunks of feta, crispy bacon and other goodies. Grandmom knows her diners.

And although the service was slow, it was friendly and considerate.  Apparently, the spinach wasn't looking good and our server suggested making the switch to a romaine base. I'm sure it's that kind of thoughtfulness that had her station packed with regulars.

Oregon Diner's 24/7 schedule and those mondo-sized pastries and cakes make it a prime location for late-night snackers.  They also serve liquor if you wanna keep the party going.
It is what it is. A diner in South Philly. 

Took a trip there Sunday with a party of 11including teens and children. I picked it because of needing to accommodate the large crowd and not be rushed. We had a pleasant time. The food was pretty good and affordable for the large group. They improved the dinners aesthetics about a year or two ago. Its now.......a better looking dinner. 

The cheesecake is delish! And they have a menu with $9.99 prices that they have extended since summer. I thought the portions would be smaller or something lacking but it wasn't. And understand, we ordered swordfish, prime rib, crab cakes, pork chops, fried chicken, fried shrimp, chicken tenders, veal parm and breakfast. Across the board, no complaints.
The consistency of omelettes in good diners is astounding.  I've had the same Western omelette two thousand times at the Blue Fountain, or the Golden Dawn, and now here at the Oregon.  In this crazy world, filled with uncertainty and chaos, I truly thank god for the simple, unchanging pleasures of disgusting diner food like this available 24/7.

On the way out, check out the muffins that look like they were baked in nuclear reactors and the cashier bedazzled in cubic zirconia.  God bless America.  Honestly.
This is a true Diner. A real diner experience. Kind of friendly, but a little bit rude. Pancakes cant be fucked up. Neither can scrambled eggs. Well, maybe the eggs can be, but whatever. If you live in this area and need some after baby makin food or after bar food or are really high or drunk go to the Oregon Diner. You will be amongst your peers. ish. 

This place seriously makes me laugh. It is chock full of crazy South Philly characters. I kind of dig it. When looking at it through rose colored glasses that is...
An update! After leaving a negative review on Yelp, I was bothered, threatened and harassed by the waitress I had a problem with at the diner. TAMMIE A kept messaging me and threatening me via Yelp messaging. I contacted the diners' manager and we spoke for over a half hour about the problem at hand. The manager apologized profusely, took down my name and number and said he would "make it up to me and keep me posted" regarding the situation at hand. It has been over a month and I still haven't been contacted by the manager.
I am changing my original review since I have received a nice message from the owner of the Oregon diner. 
There was never any issue of the quality to the food I had ever received from the Diner. It was the issue of the service I had received on New Years Eve. The nice message that I received from the owner shows that management here really cares about their customers even after the bad service my family & I had received on New Years Eve.
So my bill was $33.86...  On my bank history it shows the restaurant took out $46.86.   So almost $50 for two pancakes, two eggs and hashbrowns and a veggie burger.  SERIOUSLY!!?  So I got screwed and normally wouldn't even care but this diners bummed me out more than a few times before.  

so bla i'll give two stars because I know I'm just angry but i'll go to melrose instead from now on.
My girlfriend took me here very late one night, we got seated right away.  Our server was polite and checked on us several times.  You must try the Veggie burger and fries.  Fries were crispy and fresh, It also came with a side of coleslaw that was really good and fresh.  I got a pickle X2 because I love them!  I have been trying to find a Veggie burger that comes close in comparison for 6 months, alot of place don't have Veggie burgers, just turkey burgers, blah.  

Meal was priced right, I love this diner!
This is your quintessential diner. The menu is huge. There are lots of booths, a bar, a bakery case, etc. The bathrooms are in surprisingly nice/modern condition.

The French onion soup was ridiculously good. The rest of the meal was just plain old diner food. Not stellar but by no means bad, either. 

The worst part was our waitress. She brought me coffee instead of tea, never refilled any of our beverages, and took a long time for the check. It's a diner, though, not a Michelin Star restaurant. I'm not too butthurt about it.
i have been here 100 times. all different times of the day, including 4 in the morning. that is my favorite time to go. people watching at that time is magic. Like everyone else said. it's a diner. with diner food. but their french onion soup is the best in town. i went this morning after a long night of drinking. it always makes me feel better. it was mobbed and i was seated in 2 minutes. the pastries are great as well.i usually grab some on the way out as an impulse thing. the service is fun.i like that theyre a little angry. it cant be an easy job. but i have never had bad service.
I've been coming here since I was a teenager. My family & I would often come here after church for brunch.

Now that I'm an adult, Oregon Diner has become the absolute go-to spot for brunch and late-night dining after the club. Out of a few places open 24 hours, this, by far, is the best place you get awesome eggs benedict, the best home fries and grits in the city, or an omelette at 3am.

Service is great, prices are even better. Oregon Diner is where it's at!
Melrose is better when it comes to cakes (butter creme) sometimes I get the look from head to foot here. 
The food is decent but iHop service has converted me. The attitude from one of the big Ladies(ya cant miss her) during mornings just freaks me out.  Listen to Vicki M. the staff just dont fit to like their work.
Diners make me happy. Most of the time, it's pretty safe to assume you'll know what's in store. Oregon Diner doesn't ever disappoint. 

I love a diner with decor that hasn't been updated in years, and older waitresses who clearly don't give a shit about much more than their perfectly manicured hot pink nails. Service like that at a diner is almost expected, and welcomed. What else can you really expect from a place that charges you and three friends $33 for four wholesome meals at 3am?

The food is standard diner fare. Grilled cheese was perfect. Toasty on the outside, gooey on the inside. My friends raved about their eggs. The only disappointment was not getting a pickle with my burger. (By the way, the burger was fine. Not good, not great, but just fine.)

Next time I'm hungry at 2:30 in the morning, I won't discount the Oregon.
Food was good , but way way way over priced. Me and my husband had breakfast and coffee although it wasn't during the time they were running their special but $38.00.... Really I think he may hv added feta cheese.. After we exit we walk down the ramp n there's a homeless chic laying on the bottom of the walkway.. With all the choices down here YEA not my style..I guess if you go here drunk on the late night you really don't care how the food taste n who cares about the price.. Sober tho not spending my money I work hard for on $38.00 eggs n French toast.. I'm good plus with
 the tip we spent over $40.. We both looked at each other when we got in our car and knew exactly what the other was thinking !! We got screwed
I give it two stars bc I can walk there and it's always open. 
Aside from that, never let them sit you in the back. I have waited 2 hours back there. It's where they train people. And.... It doesn't work well. 
Always get a booth or sit at the bar and the service is prompt. 
The nachos were some of the grossest things I've ever seem.
I mean, it is what it is. Shitty diner food. But sometimes you want that.
The staff are nice. 
There's a homeless woman who live at the end of the entrance ramp and in 2 years haven't seen her move. That concerns me a bit.
Hey, 3 Stars still isn't bad.

This place is huge, so there is plenty of seating.  We were seated instantly, and they accommodated us in wanting to sit near a window so we can keep an eye on the car.

The menu is huge and the prices are cheap.

I went with a tuna melt and my mom the scrambled egg with scrapple.  Both were delicious, and the portions were large.  I took my other half to go.  The clam chowder was questionable, (not sure if they were REAL clams) and the chocolate milk had way too much chocolate syrup, but the tuna melt was out of this world.

I can tell its one of those places where you have to remember what is good and what isn't, so you can warn your friends later.  :)

The service was great though.  I'd DEFINITELY come back here.  

PS:  Their pastry/cookie section by the register looks out of this world.  I'm a sucker for good Italian cookies.
Do not go here. My last visit I found a hair in my food. They remade my order, and that also came with hair in the food. I dumbly decided after a long boycott to stop in because I was near by and starving. Dumb choice. They brought me apple sauce that tasted like pickles. I ordered a simple meal and then they told me no grits. So I switched my order to French toast with eggs and bacon. They added some hashbrowns and toast I immediately ask the waitress wait what about my french toast. She was like oh the hasbrowns they just gave you. I guessed same for the toast  WRONG. My bill comes and they've charged me for two meals. Smh. I should have listened to my instinct and got Popeyes  NEVER AGAIN
I have ordered from here off and on over the years.  I always get takeout but if I had the time I would eat in.  The atmosphere always seems pleasant.

They give you large portions.  However, some of the food lacks seasoning.  For example, their home fries don't even have salt or pepper.  I would think if you didn't want any seasoning you would request that.  With my takeout they didn't include salt/pepper packets so that was disappointing to have bland potatoes.

Over the years they have been consistent and I will continue to go back.  I have mainly ordered appetizers, soup and sandwich, or breakfast foods.  Besides lack of seasoning everything has been good.  Takeout is always ready within minutes.  

One last thing...I don't like how they ask if you want to leave a tip on takeout.  The waitress didn't serve me.  What am I tipping for?  It just makes the transaction awkward.
I went here last night with a group of friends. I have been quite a few times, and I've never had a problem, however, I suppose there's a first time for everything. We were seated shortly after 2 am. Ordered pretty quickly after that. Didn't receive our food until almost 3, and when we did get it, the orders were wrong. Steaks were seriously overcooked, and I never received my bacon with my bacon & eggs platter. I think I'll give this place one more shot, but I'd probably rather go to Penrose.
Is this for reals?  Only one naysayer has reviewed this place?

Christ I'm at a loss for words.  Great baked goods that are so large they must be from some parallel universe where giants dwell.   Typical diner fare that is above quality.  I use to love going here with a hangover and friends, never disappointed.  Would right more but just too tired.  I can't even spell "write" right, rite?  I'll revise this later
This is how dinner at Oregon Diner goes - 

Me:Yo, you wanna go out to eat.
MK: Yeah, where you want to go?
Me: Um I dunno.
MK: Hmmmm
AWKWARD THINKING SILENCE
ME: So we're going to the diner?
MK: Yeah.

It's like this default place where everything is adequate and expected.  The menu is the standard diner menu and the service is quick and painless. And the best part of this place is that I have NEVER had to wait on a table. Walk-in, order and dine. It's just so simple; you can't stay away.
Yes these places are hit or miss.  Always have been.  You might have had a bad experience at a diner like this.  Problem is, diners open 24/7 with a lot of choices on the menu are going to screw some things up.  All I can tell you is how my experience was.  

In my case, thumbs up.  Anytime I can get a nice plate of eggs with some turkey sausage that doesn't suck, I'm good.  Anytime they don't charge me extra for a bagel instead of white toast, I'm even better.  Getting a good plate of eggs, turkey sausage, a bagel and butter, and hash browns for 8 bucks total, and they win my good graces.  

I might not drive past the Penrose Diner to get here instead, but it's worthy.
God I love this place. Oftentimes it's a cranky, middle aged (or older) woman, sometimes not - 3am this past Saturday our waitress couldn't have been any more chipper and helpful. However, I never fault the 3rd shift ladies for being bitchy - have you seen 85% of their clientele??

The food is consistently good - although I've never really branched out much beyond the breakfast food, burgers, chicken sandwich, and my diner standby, the grilled cheese. Fries are good, the portions on apps are huge, the french onion soup is great. And, relatively cheap.
Horrible service the waitress that served us was an older blonde she acted like she didn't want to be there, unwelcoming and rude. food was also bad, ordered the fried pork chop it was bland and dry had to soak it in sauce just to make it edible, cocktails are awful can even make a Tom Colins right, and when you complain to the staff they give you attitude. Save yourself the headache and stay away.
Very good breakfast. The pancakes are very fluffy. 

I had egg whites omelette with asparagus and fruit instead of home fries. Fresh asparagus perfectly cooked.

I took a star down because my toast was a little bit burnt
Again, if you love diners, you'll love this place.  Not for the "restaurant-minded" crowd.  You're definitely in South Philly, folks.

The service here isn't impeccable, but it's always pretty good and I've only once had a snotty waitress in 7 years of frequenting this place.  It's fairly clean, though I do NOT recommend trying the bathrooms out as a lady.  You're better off holding it.

The food is really awesome and they have a ginormous menu.  Definitely try out their "Sauteed Specialties" and go for the Chicken Francaise.  It's more than enough to stuff you full that night and have leftovers to take home, too.  I also recommend their milkshakes.  The waitresses almost always double-check that you want one (mostly because they don't feel like making it), but they are always SO good.  

Also of note--they do all their own baking on site and have a whole case of cookies, cakes, pies, rolls, etc. that you can take home with you if you can't fit it in while in the diner.

Don't get OJ there, though.  It's cheaper to buy a screwdriver for some reason...
There is nothing fancy about the Oregon Diner. This being said, I love the Oregon Diner. Maybe it's because I love diners. Or perhaps it's the booths- you gotta respect their nice booths. The food is pretty standard for a diner, but I really enjoy it, but like I said I like diners. If you hate diners, you should definitely not listen to me.

I love that they will work with me. I love buffalo chicken tenders, and even though they aren't on the menu, they will make them happen (it's not a difficult task, but youd be surprised how many times I've been told a restaurant that carries both chicken fingers and buffalo wings cannot accomplish this task) Their side salad is also HUGE, so add the buffalo strips and you have one bitchin' salad. 

The also make great egg sandwiches, and the turkey is pretty good also. But again, it's diner food, if you hate diners and walk into a diner and hate it well... that's not really the diner's fault now is it?
I always use to love going to this diner. Maybe it was just a bad experience but the food was just okay and the service could've been better. Are 75% of diner Employees on some sort of drug? Im not sure if I will ever be back again.
Ok. I never write yelp reviews so this goes to show how disgusting this place was. I ordered a medium burger and it was literally raw.
Probably one of my favorite diners in the city. I worked at UPS down the street and would come here plenty of Friday mornings after a grueling night of work. Huge portions, reasonable prices and plenty of specials. They do have a bar and beer list.. However, I've never tried any drinks. I usually get the meatloaf when I have a craving for it.. Gravy on everything please. I literally order it every time. Ah well. Lol.
The food was pretty decent. I wasn't blown away, but I certainly wasn't disappointed by the quality. However, I can't say enough about how awful the service in general was. From the moment we walked in the door, the hostess pointed to the restaurant and mumbled something along the lines of "(name) will seat you." Once we sat, it took a solid 10 minutes for someone to take our drink order, which wasn't even our server. We ordered appetizers and main courses, but they all came out together, and the appetizers were cold. My Cuban with no pickles came out with a disgusting amount of shredded pickles on it, our French onion soup was as cold as our ice water, our curly fries were just regular fries, our drinks were only refilled after walking to the hostess stand and asking for them to refill them, and after all that at check-out we were told we couldn't divide the check, or even evenly split the payment onto two different cards because the we didn't "disclose that" to our waitress ahead of time... 

In a nutshell, the food may not have been bad, the experience was rubbish. You're better off going to the grocery store and preparing your own meal--it would be faster, more accurate, friendly and less disappointing.
The manager was angry due to past experiences as new customers , Me and my friends came from Washington DC to experience Philadelphia and we were stereotyped by the manager .
When you've driven around the city since 1am trying to find stuff to do and all your friends are hungry and you are in south philly and have no options at 4am this is the place to go.

We walk in needing a table for 6, were escorted to a booth that was still dirty, so then we were escorted to a table that was in an empty area oh so far away! 

It took them 15 minutes to bring out 8 waters for 6 people? then another 5 minutes to bring out 3 drinks, then about 30 minutes to bring out our food. I only ordered the hash browns, theres not much for me to eat at this place, but I mean the selection is cool for people who really like diner food. Everyone else enjoyed their food, my hashrbowns were not seasoned one bit BUT... BUT!!!! THEY HAD YELLOW MUSTARD!!!!!! this I must say is the reason the oregon diner received 3 stars from me and not 2.

Their service is mediocre at best. Why were we seated all the way in the back against the wall in a room that was EMPTY with tables  that were large enough to accommodate us all around.. blechh.. I mean I'd never go here if it weren't for the series of events that led to me ending up in south philly at 4am
I wouldn't recommend this place at all. Came in here at 11, and there were only about 4 other tables here. Ordered the cheese ravioli and meatballs and it was completely bland, i ended up reseasoning it myself at the table and it was still too bland that both me and my boyfriend didnt finish it. When we decided it was unsaveable, there were only us and another table. I tried to flag down a waitress twice with no response until finally, a gentlemen notice us sitting there and told our waitress to bring the check, which was 41 for the food we barely ate.
Oregon Diner is my go-to late night diner when I am in the South Philly area. It's pretty much just your ordinary diner nothing glitzy about it and I usually only come here on the weekends. 

Pretty decent chicken parmigiana platter and they always have good soup options. 
Go-to are there cheeseburgers. Big portions and I love OD's fries!
Stopped here for a quick breakfast with mom and dad and this place is good stuff.

I usually always get breakfast and I am not alone.   The place was hopping at 10am on a Saturday and that means it must be good.

It's just a diner but if you have that expectation you will be happy!

Get breakfasts and other fried things....
Now the ladies that work here are super! Nice and greeted ya coming in and very helpful and accommodating. That in itself is reason enough for four stars. Not five since the food is standard fare for a diner. It'd help if you're extra hungry. Or drunk. Or both.
Ordered a cheesesteak platter with cheese whiz and a vanilla milkshake. Suppose to come with fries, cole slaw, pickle, and of course the cheesesteak. 

The cheesesteak came out with american cheese instead the cheese whiz that i requested. NO cole slaw, NO pickle! fries were good though. 

When waitress came, I told her about the cheese for the cheesesteak. she offer to bring a side of cheese whiz for me, which was great but the cheese whiz taste like 1 part cheese whiz and 2 parts water, disgusting! luck that wasn't on the cheesesteak then.. When i realized that my cole slaw and pickles were not present, i asked about it and i was told they were out of cole slaw and the cook forgot the pickle. 

as for the "MILK SHAKE "EXTRA THICK" . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 4.95", it was EXTRA WATERY!!!! a $5 rip off.....
I got into philly after midnight and needed some food. I got there and we were seated promptly. I grabbed the cheese steak hogue old bay fries. My cousin grabbed just a French onion soup. The soup looked good with a nice layer of geese baked on the top. The hoagie was good but not amazing. It was a little soggy to the point where it he read fell apart at the end. I also was surprised that cheese wiz didn't come with it. The old bay fries were good but a little heavy on the old bay. Maybe I was tired and cranky or should have tapered my expectations for 1am eats but I wasn't thrilled by what I got.
Went here for an early dinner for a 76ers game. While the place is a bit tight to move around in ( especially  in a wheelchair ) but the food was quite good and the prices were also quite good. The service was quick, the food was served hot, and they had people in and out in record time. It is a perfect diner
I've eaten here a few different times over the past few months and it hit me last night how great this place really is.  The food is well portioned and priced very very well for a 24 hour diner.  The diner is clean and the staff is very nice.  Obviously, they are an interesting group in the middle of the night, but very nice.  You also definitely know you're in South Philly here.  It does kill me that they don't make eggs benedict, but no diners in Philly seem to.  Another positive is the Oregon Diner sits on 2 24 hours SEPTA routes, the 47 & the G.  It's worth it.
Had not been here in years, was looking forward to taking my family here.  What a disappointment.  Nice sized portions, but my hot sandwhich was lukewarm, server was never around, we had to ask for water each and every time any of us wanted refills.  I would not go back.
Returned to the Oregon Diner for the first time in a few years and was pleased to see that NOTHING has changed!  Same hostess (does she ever age?! lol), same food (although updated menus), same decor.   I just love it.   It's soooooooo South Philly and the whole nostalgia of the place is what makes it for me.  Diner food is diner food, but it's all about the experience.  You don't go to a diner and order the surf-n-turf.  You get breakfast food, sandwiches, lunch specials, dessert, etc.  If you want surf-n-turf, there are plenty of steak houses in Philly.  

This is the perfect place for LOCAL SOUTH PHILADELPHIANS.  We sit down, have our food, and relax for an hour or 2 without EVER feeling rushed out.  

The Oregon makes complete sense to us.  Everyone else probably just doesn't get it. It's a South Philly thing. :)
I wanted to be sure I came back here and gave credit where it was due. After having some subpar service (but great food) - the manager reached out to me and offered to have us back. 

I never got back to him for a variety of reasons, but mostly because I did not want him to feel we were looking for a "free meal". In that spirit, my wife and I went back several times (different days of the week, times) and I have to tell you - superb!

Service has been A-1, and the food continues its constant quality. 

Tonight my wife and I went and it sealed the deal for me to update this review. Very sweet and attentive waitress and great service all around. There was an unfortunate incident with a dropped plate from another table that shattered next to/under ours. No less than 4 staff members checked FIRST to make sure we were ok. They offered to remake our meals at least three times (which wasn't needed as all was well) - and offered us a free desert for the overall hassle (which we did not feel any hassle at all).

If you are in the area, this Diner is a must. The staff have got it together, management is pleasant and on top of things - and I can't say enough good things about the food. Faith restored in the Oregon Diner!
The five stars go to all the hard working waitress' who have to put up with horrible bosses/management and an unbearable clientele.  I tip my hat to you ladies.  :)
Love coming here, the staff is always very friendly and quick service. I come in here about every weekend and get the late night meal. Only 4 blocks aways from my house so that's definitely a plus in my book. If you come in for lunch I recommend the chicken Alfredo, delicious!
When I moved to Philly after spending 10 years in New York City (1 year in Brooklyn) the diners here were a let-down.  Meanwhile, I am so happy to find the Oregon (I prefer it to the "classic" Melrose).  They have great old-school waitresses full of spunk and bite.

The food is terrific and the Italian Dinners (Chicken Francese, Cacciatore, etc.) are enormous and restaurant quality.)  What a deal.

Salads are fresh and crisp as is the attitude of the patrons.

LOVE this place with or without my 4 year old in tow.
Viva the Oregon Diner.
I eat at the Oregon Diner several times a month. It ls by far, the best diner in the area! Their menu offers a large variety and they bake their own goods on the premises.
The truth is I go here all the time. It's close to where I live. And they are open all night. I love to go out and eat an omlette late at night after the bar. But seriously. It's not a nice place. I mean what do you expect right? It's a pretty crappy place. Old and run down. Been there forever. But it's good for some things. Coffee and eggs. Always there. Reliable. I will go there again. But I feel it is my civic duty to give it two stars out of five. So that if someone checks these reviews before they go there they will know exactly what to expect.
So first - food here is very good (breakfast foods especially) - they have gotten much better over the years as I had stopped going here over the food a few years back. So A+ there.

Now - if the food is so good, why 3 stars? The servers are really hit-or-miss. Some are very good, attentive and personable. Others are downright terrible. It's gotten to the point at this place where some of the wait staff make you feel as if you are bothering them, not a fan of that. Very common for a waitress to legit walk away in the midst of taking an order, etc. 

Food is on point - need to work on the rest.
Good service, good food, good price. Pancakes and pasta are better than we thought. Make sure to try their monthly special
Big menu, good food, good service, cheap drinks. 

Decor is a typical diner, so don't expect anything fancy.  The menu is big, like really big, however the breakfast portion of the menu is pretty small which is strange for a diner.  The place is big which is nice since there is rarely a wait even at busy times.  Overall, its one of my favorite spots for late night diner food or weekend breakfasts.

The case of baked goods by the checkout always looks delicious.
Scrapple at 3am with a a history of mob hits. Winning in my book. 

Oregon is my go-to hangover spot in Philly, it simply cannot be beat. The prices are low, the service is classic south Philly, and the ambiance is awesomely trashy. Love it.
I had the pizza burger with a veggie burger subbed in and it was great. The mozzarella sticks are good too. Try the chocolate pudding.
This is the quintessential South Philly diner and I always enjoyed going here for a late night bite. I was here last night and the waitress was nice, so no problem with customer service.  I ordered a chicken cheese steak with curly fries, and this hit the spot after a evening of drinking. The prices here are also reasonable, so don't worry about going broke. If you are need to satisfy late night munchies then this is the best place to do it.
the food was standard, the service was alright, and the place was actually nicer inside than a lot of diners, it was a clean and comfortable atmosphere. 

I went for breakfast with a few friends. I had a short stack of pancakes and I also ordered a number 1 (bacon, one egg, and home fries). I thought that if you ordered a numbered meal that it comes with toast and juice. the waitress asked my friends what kind of toast and juice they wanted but I was not asked. that was my biggest gripe about the visit. the waitress did seem nice though but she could have been a little more attentive. The pancakes were average, they were on the tough side and didn't have a ton of flavor on their own, but once the butter and syrup were added they were a lot better (obviously). as for the number 1, the eggs were fine, the bacon was crisp and the portion was good, the flavor was ok. as for the home fries, there was a decent crust on them but they didn't seem seasoned at all, pretty bland. some of my friends liked their food, but others got the eggs benedict and they were underwhelmed, they said the sauce was separated and the texture was gross. one friend got the french toast and she seemed to like it. 

overall, I'd probably go back for a hangover breakfast if I was in the area again and didn't feel like driving too far from my friend's place
The dinner was ok. Food was a little bland and waitress was not attentive. For a late night dinner with not Manny people in there you would think that the waitress would be attentive. Pricing was fine. ambiance was nice as it is with any other dinner.
Can't even give them a star. At 2:50 am whomever the man who seated us who looked like was some kind of manager sat us at a booth which we requested which was filthy. Well once seated the server didn't come and greet us until we were sitting for about 10 mins where she finally brought these nasty stained napkins and the silverware. We were ready to order our food I ordered a burger and she didn't even bother to ask me what temp. My friend ordered the Cesar salad but you know with the romaine lettuce fiasco her first response should've been no we don't have it because of the latest news with the lettuce. Anyways she eventually came back out and said that but still never asked what temp I wanted my burger to be at so we just got up and left. Mc Donald's wasn't too far away.
Let it be said, that I love diners.  This place did not disappoint.  The food was good, service was very friendly, and the coffee kept coming.  How can you go wrong with that.  They even had a full bar for the late night crowd (if that's your poison).  For breakfast, I stuck with black coffee though. 

It was hard not to buy some pastries since, as we ate, they paraded fresh cannoli by our table to put in the dessert cabinet.  I wanted one so bad, but the breakfast filled me up and saved me from my sweet tooth. If I'm back in Philly, this is a top option for breakfast or late night munching.
I just left and will not be back. I ordered the spaghetti w 1 meatball kids meal for my 9 and 6 year old for dinner. Both of their meatballs were undercooked and full of pink. My daughter ate most of her plate before we noticed the problem but my son ate none of his plate after pointing out the rawness of the meatball. After I notified the staff the manager/owner guy only took $1.50 off of the $26 bill. SMH
I have a torn review after tonight. 
I usually do like this place. I really really do. This is where 2 stars come in. 
Tonight was a 1 star by far. 
Ok this is a 24 hour diner that you don't need a reservation for. Tonight they closed at 7:30 
I understand it's New Year's Eve. We got there at 6:45. I would've completely understood if they didn't want to seat us. 
The problem was they did!! The service was horrible tonight. I have every intention of calling when they reopen in Friday. 
My aunt asked for broccoli , they gave her baked beans. They started sweeping underneath our feet as they were rushing us out the door. The waitress forgot the iced teas.  I really really wish they would have turned us away instead taking us because we could've gotten better service from another diner. Their food is usually decent & service is usually very good & I'm really sorry that a diner that is open 24 hrs a day was closing at 7:30 for a holiday & I was coming from a different section of the city & wasn't aware of that.a simple explanation that they were closing early & not seating us  would have been easiest & honest way to do things. Instead they sat us got the order wrong and rushed us out the door. It's ashame my grandmother is a regular here who lives in another section of the city. She comes out of her way to go here & won't be returning. I am really hoping I can turn this 2 star back into a 4.5 star that they usually deserve.
Good pancakes....not every diner can do that!  I was impressed.  And also impressed that they could make an egg over well, without killing it like most do.  So, my breakfast rated a 10!  My dh's, not so much.  He ordered an American cheese omelet and they really skimped on the cheese!  That was disappointing.
I just royally don't get it. The only redeeming quality of the place is fast and friendly service.
I like Oregon Diner because it feels like a real diner. There aren't a ton of real diners in downtown Philly that can handle throngs of people. Broad Street diner doesn't even get consideration - although I like the "a place for ribs" sign. Little Pete's is a decent diner, but too small. Morning Glory is a completely different beast. Snow White Diner is lower grade diner food, and even lower atmosphere (there's nice diner dingy, and then there's just dingy). Pennrose is really the only other one I can think of that is alright. I like Oregon for the lazy weekend mornings when you don't feel like cooking. You can get a decent breakfast for not too much cash and rather quickly. The place is HUGE, and it always surprises me how quickly they keep things moving. They have a large and varied selection of pastries, cakes and pies that I've honestly never tried but they're easy on the eyes. I find the staff to be about as friendly as any diner staff, which is fine. 

Downsides are its a little in the middle of nowhere. I don't know how people are hitting this late night unless a) there's a party scene at New Alhambra that I don't know about or b) there's MAAAD drunk driving going on. The food is standard, nothing to rave about. The hash browns are bland, which always annoys me. Also, they cut their pork roll too thick. Or if they aren't cutting it themselves, they need to start buying logs and cutting it themselves cause that shit is disgraceful. If you can't get the edges crispy, its too thick! This is pork roll 101 people!!!!
Food was decent, but the service was horrible.  The waitress spent more time flirting with married men then waiting on our table.  I used to come here frequently, but this will be the last time.
Go here for omelets. Peppers and onions in your home fries are optional - most diners I've been to either used them or didn't. Nice touch.

Non-microwaved food at a Philly diner is a rarity these days. Big portions, fresh ingredients and friendly service, too. This place is good enough that it could probably make the grade in South Jersey, and for Philly, it beats all the others. No contest.
Dive Diner, like any other. We needed a quick bite to eat for dinner with our kiddos on an overnight trip. The food was mediocre - I had the chicken parm and spaghetti (sauce was watery), but the service was good. We also got some slices of cake for dessert which was dry and lacked any of the flavour of Wal-Mart which is what they should have done.
I keep coming back to Oregon Diner because the food is good and the prices are fair. Sometimes the service is a little spotty but everything always comes out pretty quick. 

Every time I visit I'll get a Cheeseburger triple decker sandwich and it's consistently the same which is nice. I would absolutely recommend Oregon Diner, I'll choose it over Penrose any day!
Yummy food, generous portions and excellent management!  Great stop along my road trip!
Great food, with insane, amazing portion sizes, great service and inexpensive prices. Highly recommend it, if you're in the area. One of the best diners in Philly, and arguably the best one in South Philly.
Big menu.  Decent food.  Go there often.  The only thing I don't like is their macaroni and cheese.........a mushy white mess.
depending on what time of day you go depends on how good the food is. i usually go late night on the weekends and order take out. i am a bouncer so it is something quick to grab after work. late night is good sometimes the lady that takes the order and do things her way. when i order ketchup and pickles on a sandwich i expect it to be on it instead she always says no it will be on the side then they give you 4 whole pickles and expect you to cut it and put it on your sand which along with opening 10 ketchup packets. sometime they do get it right and put it on. also the cheese steaks are good but a little too greasy they need to toast there roll my roll always falls apart and  becomes a mess. there baked items not the best either almost as if it sits there for a while. every time i have went in the daytime the food was bad and i did not finish and the waitress Marybeth just goes o didn't like it i say no and she goes o well no offer to fix it or comp or anything. stick with the take out and go late night better cooks overnight. the cuban wrap is a must try!!
Came in with fam of 4 hot and tired after flying from out of state. The venerable, unpretentious diner served everyone's needs. My eggplant with provolone and roasted peppers was great, and so big I couldn't finish. Kids and wife liked their dishes as well. Very affordable. 

Service could be better; we arrived around 2:30 and it took a long time to get served and later to get our check. Bathrooms could be cleaner (and fewer flies would be nice). 

Bonus is the blast of South Philly culture which is especially fun when you've been away awhile.

Ditto previous reviewers including "Gandhus" -- it is what it is, and if you like that, then go.
Favorite diner to go to, open 24/7 good food cheap prices for good food. One of the waitresses also gave me free desert. Sometimes the waitresses aren't the best but consistently pretty good service. Great deserts and pastries
Breakfast is the most reasonably priced of the three diners in the area.  The most expensive is the Penrose, next is the Melrose and then Oregon Diner. 
Don't let the value in cost dissuade you in going.  Serving is good and the price is great.  Ask for Marybeth, she is a woot.
You should watch yourself if you want to go to this diner, the waitresses will spit in your food if they don't like you, you have to be in their "special clique" to get good service. If you don't know anyone you will get seated by the restroom or trash can. Segregated environment! It's all about who you know. The food is disgusting and just thrown together and cooked by dirty hands. If you work there be cautious of your beverage and keep eyes on it because the drug addict waitresses will slip something in it. I know after this is posted someone who works at the diner should cover it up with a false review. Truly horrible people work at Oregon Diner. Diner gal's are always rough around the edges but these girls came right from state road. If you have self respect don't visit the Oregon Diner.
We came here to have lunch before we head to the airport, I must say we were so glad we came, food was amazing, our waitress Ruth was just amazing,  you can tell she loves her job, even though she had more tables we gave us her undivided attention,  I brought home to Houston a phyllis cheese steak sandwich and my husband and mother in law loved them. If I ever come to Philadelphia I will definitely come back. Keep the good work
Parking is not very good, place was dirty, food taste like it was cooked on a dirty grill with dirty oil... positive waitress was friendly and there was no wait on a Saturday morning
Oregon Diner is everything a diner should be - cheap, fast, and tasty. My friend and I came here around 9:00am on a Saturday morning looking for a classic breakfast and were not disappointed.

I ordered the American Cheese Omelette with home fries. All of the items in the "Oregon's Breakfast Specials" section of the menu come with your choice of fruit juice, toast and butter, and coffee or tea. All of this food, orange juice, and coffee for $7.96 was a crazy good deal! And the omelette and home fries were both delicious. Our waitress was very attentive and checked on us often to refill our coffee and bring hot sauce. 

It took a lot for me to resist buying some of the pastries in the huge bakery case on the way out - maybe next time!
Standard South Philly diner.  Adequate food, great round-the-clock breakfast and a full bar.
This is my favorite spot to hit after a night of partying with the mummers...breakfast sandwiches always taste best when drunk-and these breakfast sandwiches don't disappoint!
I've attempted a few times to like this place and I can't.  I just can't.  The food is horrible.  There is no concern for what they're giving to customers.  I don't understand it.  The plates they can hand you with a straight face.  First their burgers are not fresh do not let them deceive you. Waitress tried insulting my intelligence by saying the meat was fresh. Reminds me of kitchen nightmares.  Lady there's no such thing as fresh frozen.  Meat should never be that texture or color.  

Secondly I don't enjoy trying to eat my meal while someone a few booths back can't hold their liquor and gets sick right at the booth. The Husband insists on her to do it in a corner of table so noone can see.  Well don't bother to remove yourself from dining area at all. Make everyone else lose their appetite. Lastly I shouldn't have to keep sending back food because you can't cook it to the correct temperature. This place make my anxiety bad. Only went because my friend Enjoys their crab imperial. The hell with that though I'll take her to RedLobster to avoid this place.
I can't even begin to describe how disgusted I am with my experience at the Oregon Diner. It was seriously horrible from start to finish. When I come out to eat, I really don't anticipate having a server roll their eyes at me when after one minute of sitting, not being ready to order. The menu is overwhelming.. there are sooo many things on it, instead of picking what I wanted, I found myself dissceting it by what I thought they would make best. 

After taking almost fifteen minutes to decide what I wanted to eat, I asked our "server" how the chicken cheesesteak was and she honestly told me she got sick from it before.  An omlette it was then... 

The service was probably the worst service I can remember having in the recent past. Water glasses stayed completely empty and weren't refilled even after asking. It really left us just wondering what we could possibly have done wrong today to have such a horrible experience. Neither of us ate any of the appetizer or our entrees. It was disgusting and I'm even more angry that I'm hungry as I write this. I don't have anything in the house, but that was the whole point of going out to eat. 

I can think of a lot of places you can get a better meal for 2 for $25. I just wish I could have before I went to the Oregon Diner.
Decent diner food, good prices, but horrible service!
It's alright it's just another diner that's all nothing special. They have a great wait staff and managers.
Normally, we have gone there with no problems. However, this time the night of the Billy Joel concert, we went there. The waitress took our orders we questioned everything to make sure it was correct. She brought out our meals every single thing was wrong from the starch to the vegetable to the entree took it back till too long question thing on it. Told the owner, he honestly didn't really care and apologize but only said dessert on us. I spent $45 and all he could give us was at 3.95 desert. You should have comped my meal since every little thing was wrong.

Then, the girl brings us our dessert. My husband asks for vanilla ice cream with no whipped cream. He has never eaten whipped cream in his life. She brings the desert with one scoop of ice cream and about one and a half scoops of whipped cream. Told her we said no whipped cream and all her comment was you said with you said whipped cream.  told her he has never eaten in his life so he would never order it that way told the manager owner and he didnt care.

Never  eat there again
A really solid diner that reminds me of my South Jersey roots. Staff is always nice and friendly and the food is always consistently good. I've only ordered breakfast here. They give you a lot of food. The french toast and pancakes are thick. Corned beef hash isn't on the menu, but they have it. I got a HUGE plate of it with my eggs. 
Be warned, there are some shady characters who always seem to be lurking in the lobby or parking lot.
Well folks this diner is on my just  okay list. The waitress was awesome but the food was missing that ole school diner flavor. I had the ruben sandwich with fries and coleslaw. In my book a good ruben will have my toes dancing but there wasn't any dancing going here. lol Some pros about the diner if you like pastries and adult beverages this place has you covered for sure. The customer service is good. There's plenty of seating so there isn't a long wait to be seated. Plenty of parking and a ramp for those with mobility challenges. Which is really nice.
