I love the smell of a dive bar in the morning!  A little bit musty along with that stale beer tang and just a hint of cleaning products.  I stopped in for an early lunch yesterday at 11:30 and smiled at the aroma.

If you are looking for a classic dive bar you've found it. It has zero presence from the outside.  It's long and narrow on the inside with lots of dark wood and dim lighting.  If you plan on looking at the menu, plan on using your flashlight app. The grill is behind the bar and visible to all.

Speaking of menus, expect bar food.  We're talking burgers and cheese steaks and sausage sandwiches.  I ordered a cheeseburger and fries and the two went for just under $10.  By the way, CASH ONLY.

My burger was a frozen patty that was not very thick. It was served on a soft Kaiser roll.  It was hot and juicy but otherwise nothing to write home to Mom about.  My fries were frozen from a bag and had that weird coating on them that doesn't ring my bells.  However they were hot and crispy.  I have a good friend that would call this kind of food fuel.

My drinks were cheap and the bartender was excellent.  The guy working the grill was also great and interacts with the customers so overall customer service was just fine.

I'd be happy to stop back for an adult libation or two or three.  I'd give them another shot on the food and try something different.
The night life was kicked off with a small hole in the wall bar named "Oscar's Tavern." Why is it named Oscar's? Was it named after someone special? Or was it named after the owner? No one knows, mostly because I never asked. The bartender was a wonderful and personable server. She talked and joked with everyone. The bar has seen better days, probably before I was born, but it felt homie. It was crowded, drinks were pouring, and plenty of conversations were generated. A few locals talked to us about Philadelphia's history and the best places to get cheese steaks. One of them traveled the world and busted New York. She said there's no place like Oscar's and I was slowly starting to believe her. I never found out why they called it Oscar's, but for that one patron, Oscar's name came from love. That's Philadelphia's way of saying welcome. If you want to be part of the culture and enjoy the full experience of the city, than you need to make one stop at Oscar's  and throw a few back. And would someone please find out why it's named Oscar's!
Being that it was first time in Philadelphia, my trip wouldn't have been complete without some cheesesteaks.  However, rather than doing the typical "Pat's vs. Geno's" taste test, I asked my friends to take me to where they would normally go.  Although I am curious to see which of the two is better, it's not like their Yelp reviews are all that compelling (not to mention Geno's apparently racist reputation).

Now, when my friends told me they were taking me to a locals' spot, they meant it - I doubt I would have walked into Oscar's otherwise.  Both the inside and out scream dive bar, but in a good way - quiet, relaxed, and unpretentious.  More importantly though, the menu looked pretty solid - plenty of variety to choose from, like cheesesteaks, burgers, and typical bar snacks.

-- CHICKEN WINGS served with Ranch and Buffalo Wing/Hot Sauce...$6.50
(http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/oscars-tavern-philadelphia?select=Zybwf4Jl8tJSVAYR4BV_EA#TxsV_E53Nxr6iyzMg9MhGQ)
Easily the smallest wings/drums I've seen, but they were kinda cool at the same time.  The chicken was tasty enough on its own (I liked how they were just slightly crispy), but I thought the hot sauce made them taste that much better.

-- FRENCH FRIES...$2.95
(http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/oscars-tavern-philadelphia?select=Zybwf4Jl8tJSVAYR4BV_EA#wwGcdOMJxmiof_pnws0f2g)
The order wasn't huge, but it was proportionate to the price (and worth it).  The fries tasted great, but I liked how crispy they were even more.

-- BACON CHEESESTEAK - Bacon, Melted Cheese, Tomato, Onion, and sliced Steak on a Soft Roll...$6.95
(http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/oscars-tavern-philadelphia?select=Zybwf4Jl8tJSVAYR4BV_EA#8zqUtbGgzw1GlIPidpi_WA)
Way better than the cheesesteaks I've had in SF.  The meat was thin yet flavorful and the toppings were terrific.  I ordered it without the tomatoes since it seemed out of place, but they actually would have been handy to freshen things up.  The roll was a bit too bready for me though.

Between the friendly service, decent food, and cheap prices (you get an extra half of a cheesesteak after 5:00pm), Oscar's Tavern is a pretty solid spot whether it's for drinks or a quick, casual bite (we were given plastic beer cups for water).  I wouldn't mind returning on a future trip, but I'm curious about more cheesesteak joints next time.

CASH ONLY.
My experiences at Oscar's have been consistently good, full of attentive-enough service, cheap drinks, and the traditional dive bar energy you need in your life. 

Visits to Oscar's are often after getting food nearby, or before going out dancing for an evening. It's typically more a pit stop for me than a destination which I think is unfair to Oscar's. I can always rely on getting a table, and love the outdoor space they've set up. The family that runs this establishment is welcoming and will even bring out a water bowl for your pup, if you're drinking outside. 

I typically avoid cocktails at dive bars, but I am a huge fan of Oscar's Mango Martini. Worth every penny of the $9 they charge - not too sweet, not too strong but just two of them will do their job.

Minus one star because my first experience here wasn't great, but that was because of our server. After taking an order for our third, maybe fourth round... she let us know that if we wanted to order additional drinks that we would all have to order at once. The only time we didn't do that was when someone else joined our party and asked for a drink in between rounds... who knew that was such a crime? I have not seen her since, so I take that as a sign that she no longer works there and that is for the best.
There is no real reason to serve 23 ounce Long Island Iced Teas.   A L.I.T. in a pint glass is certainly adequate for all stripes of boozehounds, but Oscar's takes it right past the line of logic.

I saw our young, bruised waitress sweep up broken glass three times in our visit there.  Also sweeping up spilt pierogies (at least paper plates can't shatter), and policing the many underagers who attempted to get served. 

Oscar's is such a dive: a smoke-filled room, sticky vinyl booths, cash only. But surely the cheapest hangover you will every purchase.
Here's the thing. You're either going to love or hate Oscar's. There's really no in between. Just like you're either going to start or end your night here. In case you haven't picked up on it from the 300 + reviews, Oscar's is a Dive with a capital D. It's also cash only and if you sit in a booth, be careful not to pick the table where your rear end is given a colonoscopy that you didn't agree to by a rusty spring, but...the drinks are strong and cheap so that more than makes up for it right? 

It's a mixed crowd of trendy twenty somethings, couples, larger groups, and the solo visitor looking to grab a beer and bite to eat. It stands out like a sore thumb in these parts but all the great dives usually do. 

As many others have said, go for the LIT. It's served in what looks like a 16 oz glass and is not for the faint of heart. Don't come in looking for a wide craft beer selection or chic cocktail list. Do come in looking for a bar with character, no shame and a great time.
This place fit me like Cinderella's slipper fit that damn Disney princess. Between the cheap beer that just kept coming, the jukebox that played songs I haven't heard in years and the heart-attack inducing french fries, I was in love from the moment I walked through the door. Of course, it probably didn't hurt that iI was with a group of about 10 of my awesome Yelp friends, but hot damn, it was a glorious party. The waitress called us "honey" (I'm a sucker for that) and it got louder and louder the later it got. Oh, and it was only Tuesday. Now if that isn't a ringing endorsement for a dive bar, then I don't know what is. Just remember that when you wake up the next morning with your new gang name written on your inner thigh in sharpie. 

Oscar's is totally my new crush.
When I think of the name Oscar the first few things that come to mind are a well versed classic poet, a statue that awards excellence in cinema, and a slovenly green puppet that lives in a trash can. And when it comes down to it Oscar's would probably be a welcome spot for all of them.

Stopped at Oscar's for the first time to catch up with even more Yelpers after enjoying some sushi at Moshi Moshi and it was definitely my kind of dive. I thought that I've seen big glasses of beer and huge Long Island Iced Teas before. But Oscar's took both to whole new levels. The crowd was a good mix of old and grubby to young and hip. But I guess that just shows that cheap booze is something that everyone can agree on. The jukebox was kind of sparse, but I was able to get my Weezer and Prince on.
I get the appeal of a dive bar. I just don't think Oscars does. Drinking at Oscars is the equivalent of stuffing your coat with slightly skunked beers and riding the Patco train from NJ. 
Apparently, spilling your beer is a group activity. 
For the same reason I don't want to buy my steak from a slaughter house, I don't want to eat fried food prepared in the front of the bar. 
The booths are too small for more than two, and you must order from the bar. The upside is you can have a front row seat when its time for the ceremonial spilling of the tall beer. 
Like a mangy stray, I'm sure somebody loves Oscar. In my minds eye though, i picture Dirty frank and Mr. McGlinchey walking by quickly with noses upturned.
ALWAYS a solid PHILLY PHIXTURE...O$CAR'$! 

The "O Tavern" has seen it all...and continues to hold it down during these strange and unprecedented times for our favorite local watering holes and their legendary owners/staff. 

Oscar's has great service, cheap/affordable drinks and eats, and just hits the spot errytime! No need to bounce around at other overpriced bars along the ever evolving Sansom St. -- stop/stumble/crawl over to "OT's"s, grab a fresh libation, snag a cold brewski, and enjoy the scenery! They've done a wondrous job adapting to the outdoor eating environment in The City of No Brotherly Love (lately at least).

I am relatively confident that my phellow Philadelphians share a similar set of golden day memories from Oscar's -- either remembering, or not remembering at all -- many a late and blissful nights spent inside the cave at OT's, dancing the night away, conversing with friends at extremely high volumes, and tossing back PBRs in a dark but glorious room filled with TONS and TONA of character. Well folks -- OT's hasn't lost the character, not one bit...and never fails to impress. 

-$TEVIE J.
Oscar's, thou art my favourite dive bar in all of the goode city of Philadelphia.  How do I love thee?  Let me count the ways:

* $8 pitchers of Lager (Yuengling for ya out of towners)
* Awesome cheese fries
* Non-Ironic 70s era decor
* Every type of person imaginable somewhere in the bar (hipsters, suits, middle aged couples)
* Convenient location
* Long Island Iced teas that will F*** YOUR SHIT UP

...and let's not forget the evening when a troupe of bagpipers stormed in, jamming away.  They paused to drink a round, then played on, then drank, then played - right there in the middle of the bar! - and got progressively worse as the night went on.  A bar that can deliver that kind of absurd experience is a bar I will (and have!) visit twice in one night.

Oscar's, thou art the divey-est dive that ever dived.  And I adore thee for it.
For a dive bar, this place really has its charm. After the latest YEE, some of us headed here to continue the night; we were in full cocktail attire after all. Why squander a good opportunity to hit the town when you're all dressed up??

I was pleasantly surprised that they were able to seat our relatively large party right away. Usually places like this never have full tables ready to go--maybe the rain scared people away.

Other than that, there's not much to say: the beer is cheap, the food is yummy, and the company is questionable (at best). It's exactly what you come to expect and love at a dive bar!
Oscar's Tavern has been here for the a long time.  Oscar's has endured every Mayor from Rizzo to Kenney,  witnessed all the 4 major sports teams win a championship and watching man walk on the moon was a fairly new concept. 
The important things about Oscar's Tavern haven't changed much,  good bar food, cold beer low prices and most of all,  a fun atmosphere. 
If you want to impress your friends by paying the tab, at Oscar's you won't go broke.  Sometimes you want to keep it simple,  so I always order a hot roast beef and provolone on a Kaiser roll with horseradish and hot peppers or a hand sliced baked ham sandwich. Accompanied with some crispy fries and a tall, 22 ounce glass of cold beer and I am momentarily sitting in "dive bar heaven." 
But dive as in good,  as in complete, dive as in an experience I hope will always be there.
A perfectly placed dive bar in a very trendy part of the city. Both times I've come here, I've had great service and even better cheesesteaks! 

It is one if the best deals in the area to get a cheesesteak and a half for $7 after 4 pm! I also recommend the crabby fries which are as addicting and better seasoned than chickie and Pete's...and only $3.50 vs $8. 

Both during happy hour and late night it seems to have a small crowd of locals jut hanging out watching TV. It is definitely a good place to catch up with a friend or simply a place to grab a quick bite. 

Sadly the only thing that is massively annoying is that the place is cash only and there is no ATM on the premise it even on the block! So come prepared with bills and an empty belly.
I spent my last night in Philadelphia at Oscar's and I had the time of my life.  It was a friend's birthday, so we had a large group.  We all drank a fair bit, and had a round of shots, and the total bill was some ridiculously low number like $150.  Oscar's, I love you.

And one last thing:  The German Burger - BELIEVE THE HYPE.  That was, hands down, the best burger I've eaten in my life.  I'm not even a burger person, really, but I made it my mission to try it based solely on the glowing reviews of my fellow yelpers, and I was not disappointed!  My tastebuds experienced the sublime last night, and to be honest, I'm not surprised it was at Oscar's - that place really is a hidden gem, and will be dearly missed upon my immediate departure from Philadelphia.
This is my favorite bar in Philadelphia.

It's dark.  It's not too crowded (except for Friday night after work...stay away).  And the drinks are giant and cheap for the most part.  Just watch out for getting Oscar'd, since the beers and shots are twice as big as usual.  You may leave wondering what's going on if you only had 4 beers and 2 shots.  It's a lot easier to do the math the next morning.

I'm not so sure why most people on here seem kind of scared of the food.  Stopping at Oscar's after work for a beer and a burger is one of my guilty pleasures.  Anyone I've ever convinced to get a German Burger (provolone, sweet peppers and egg) has been hooked right away.  And if that's not your thing, they give you a steak and a half on any steak they have after 5 PM.  A side of fries is, like $1.75.  Which is my kind of price.

Someone recently told me that Bill the bartender used to work over at Davio's and makes the best Manhattan in the city.  I've also seen him telling people that his wife told him not to buy anything else from crackheads.  He then promptly bought some stuff off a gentleman who fit this description.

They are closed on Sundays, so don't try it.  Also, it's cash only and there's no ATM.  But there are plenty close by if you need to run out to get money / more money.  There's also a cigarette machine out of view in the back past the bathrooms if you need it.  It took me about a year and a half to realize it was there.
As soon as I walk out of there with a couple of friends, Jack Bauer (Kiefer Sutherland) walks in yesternight, and I missed him! I mean, a celebrity is just a rich human being, I know that, but Jack Bauer has saved the world roughly one day every 18 months or so for the last (taking into account all of the seasons) 10 years. And for that I wish to shake his hand. Another one of my friends who had stayed got a picture with him though, so I can experience vicariously through him. 

But anyway... the place is chill. I like it. As far as dive bars go, I prefer it to other places I've been to. The music that you hear while you frequent this bar is absolutely amazing. It's really not much, yet it oozes amazingness. Or that could be something I accidentally put my hand in, I dunno it was really dark in there.
Booths, crummy cheeseburgers, indoor smoking, any kind of person under the rainbow, shamelessness, and a pretty amazing jukebox are a few of my favorite things at Oscar's Tavern.  I love it.
CHUG CHUG CHUG CHUG!!!!

I was reminded of my glory days of college. And thus I knew I was in Oscar's.

Anyplace that plays a mix of Prince, Steely Dan, MJ, The Doors, and Kanye West on the jukebox gets a 5 stars just for the awesome music choices by the other patrons. Fantastic tunes playing all night long, the tvs playing the Phillies, excited and often too drunk to walk without help patrons, and fantastic beers calls for a solid night of fun. 

A delicious and perfectly chilled bottle of magic hat #9 for $4.25 is what my poor self is looking for. And 23 ounces of blue moon/sly fox for 6 bucks is the finisher. Let's go. If stupid Septa had trains that ran later than 11 on a Friday night in my neck of the woods, I would have been here til closing.

My fellow yelper and I mingled with friendly patrons, gawked (and laughed) at stumbling drunk girls, and waited in line for a divey but sanitary (thankfully) bathroom. This place is perfect for some rowdy entertainment, cheap brews, and good music. A perfect place for a casual drunk night. I will be back and my wallet will mourn.
Oscar's is a bit hard to find, overshadowed by the Nodding Head sign and the stream of fit bodies flowing into the hot yoga studio next door, but it's worth finding. Why? Because its dark in there, and cool, and none of the people inside look like the belong together. That's the secret - there is no scene. The beer is cheap, the music is good, and it's a great place to hide out for awhile when stuck in Center City. 

Yes, it smells. Like grease. Because everything you can order is deep fat fried. But hey, if you don't like it, don't eat there. Just grab yourself a booth, order up a "tall" beer (24 oz. Lager) and put your feet up. Do it again next week while playing hooky from work. You won't regret it.
An ugly stew of derelicts, hipsters, and classless underagers. The red vinyl swells and moans under you as each new degenerate enters to the sound of hot grease licking water in the make-due kitchen next to the doorway.  The smell is smoke and sweat, and for some reason the 23oz beers just seem wetter coming out of these draughts. 
No matter what the weather is outside, once you sit down in here, it always feels like its raining. 

This place is good.
Dive-tastic.

Upon walking in, you will smell the odor that is Oscar's.  It's probably left over from years of smoke.  It's a little dim, there are a couple of TVs, booths and tables in the back.

Beer is on the menu here.  I've never ordered anything else.  You come here to have a decent draft for a really good price.  If you're short on change, Lager bottles will do just fine for ya.

I'd bring a group of friends and get a little rowdy.  That's basically the accepted code of conduct.  The waitresses might have a little bit of an attitude, but it's understandable.  Kudos to them for putting up with all the drunks that make there way in here.

Don't forget to wash your clothes after coming here.  The stench on your soul however is not coming off and you'll be back.
This is basically one of my favorite bars in town.

Why?  Because if you're here, you probably want to be here.  If not, you leave quickly.  What's left is a fairly enjoyable mixed crowd that likes to have fun.  Plus, you get a total grab bag of what type of individual you're going to have sitting next to you at the bar.  Don't want to sit at the bar?  The tables are entirely enjoyable as well.

And then there's the beer... the sweet beer that is stupid cheap for 20-23 something ounces per tall glass.  You have a $20 bill?  You can drink for hours.

Bar flys, old drunkards, and kids alike find Oscar's to be a welcome safe haven.  It's darkly lit, kind of dingy, and just plain awesome.

Why just last night, myself and two other people had 13 tall beers and food from the grill amongst the three of us for a $50 total.  Yes, that is just plain awesome.
I love dive bars. Dive bars are fun. They're inexpensive. They have an unpretentious attitude. They have real chill bartenders..... Most of the time. 

Came here on a Friday to get some late night drinks. Everything seemed fine when we walked in. Place looked chill. When we went to go sit down though the bartender snapped at us. Apparently someone was sitting there. There was no way for us to know. 

It wasn't a huge deal. I'm not gonna slam the place, it had a chill vibe, cheap drinks, and it looked like everyone was having fun. After our round though, we felt we should take our business elsewhere.
Well I am impressed....

Specials you say....cheesesteak and half you say?? That is right fellow yelpers you get a cheesesteak and a half you read correctly. Wait...23 oz beer for $4.50 do I have your attention yet?

Although you have basement bargain prices at this spot that is not the reason to come. The reason to enter is you will be going through a time loop back to the early 80's where you can mingle with real people without all the hobnobbing and Tom foolerie of your Continentials and $20 dollar swanky cocktails. The waitress was amazing btw me and my date offered her a shot to take with us and she said wait a minute I have to ask my mom who was running the shift! Love it!!! And yes she took a Jameson shot with us.

Now on to the food. Pictured below is the Nachos, I really am not a fan of ordering nachos out as places never give you enough meat. The nachos here come with no meat, a very large portion and you get ample cheese but I would not order these if I came back. I ordered the Pierogies which come with fried onions. I like my Pierogies steamed - these come fried and are okay again I would not order these when I come back. This is a drinkers bar and how it was crowded at 3:00pm on a Saturday it must have very loyal customers who all come to have a good time. 

If you love dive bars this is a must go to spot. I will be back here very soon to try there cheesesteak with three or four beers maybe a shot or two WHAT they have good deals!! Made my list of top three best dive bars I have been to right along with Paddy's and Brownies Irish Pub. And as always people SYOY!!!
Beer as tall as ey can see,
Towering high, way above me,
Pour a glass and toast the air,
Wave and wink, to the maiden fair.
This is Oscar's, Tavern Inn,
Comfort for the wretched sin,
Take a seat and drink your fit,
Once you start, ye never quit.
Oscar's, Oscar's, bar and all,
Serving lager proportions tall,
Where else can you get R&R?
Sansom isn't very far...
DON'T:
take forever in the bathroom
go here on a weekend with a large group
forget to order a 'tall' beer
be one of those people that pre-game's for the surrounding clubs

DO:
come here on a weeknight
order a tall 'long island iced tea'
play great songs on the jukebox'
order something to snack on
come frequently

oscars on weeknights is totally different from oscars on the weekends,
i like oscars on weeknights, 
i like to drink my drinks,
i don't like oscars on weekends, 
i don't like drinks spilled on me.
Best Dive Bar in Philly

This was a Yelp find.  I used to like McGillans, but Oscar's has seriously surpassed it in the dive bar realm.  This true dive has decor from at least 30 years ago, check.  They serve pretty good greasy bar food to soak up the alcohol, check.  The servers and bartenders were super friendly and surprisingly attentive, check.  Cheap drinks, check.  Not too crowded, check.

So if your reading this remember, especially ladies, this is dated dive bar.  You go to this establishment to get drunk.  You don't need to get all dolled up and shouldn't go if you prejudge people.  

Friendly, awesome, no frills dive bar that has stood the test of time.  Please Oscar never change.  I will never go to Philly again and not stop in.  

Thanks
Gotta love a dive bar with a friendly waitress. She didn't even give me attitude when I knocked over and broke one of their very tall beer glasses of which I had a few rounds of the $5 flying fish.

I wish I had known their kitchen closed around 10, cause I was hungry and really could have used a nice plate of fries.

It feels like my great uncles basement, only dingier and I don't have to sneak sips when the grown ups aren't looking. Also they have 1960 era place mats with old school cocktails on them. Very stylish - I just wish you could order off of it.
$3 for 22 oz. of lager or $6 for 22 oz. of Guiness. Oh, and $3 Manhattans.

Plus some ridiculously good onion rings. (But I'm not sure I'd eat anything else there.)

If you can overlook the film of grease on everything and your wallet is feeling a bit light, go to Oscar's.

They still allow some clandestine smoking, too.

Best part is their drink picture menu placemats.  I try to order a new thing every time I go.
Scummy taps, smoky room, surly waitresses, no thanks.
Oscar's is the kind of place that you can take a few friends and end up having a crazy night....even though the place itself seems to be nothing special.  I consider it a gem because it's the epitome of a dive bar housed in the middle of classy center city.  I have never been here and not had amazing fried food and one-too many beers.  All good memories up in here.

OSCAR'S TAVERN IS CASH ONLY.  I REPEAT, BRING YOUR CASH TO THIS BAR!  I have definitely embarrassed myself a time or two forgetting that this is a cash-only place.  Normally this also makes me really angry....but this place is just that kind of cheap dive bar.

Note that there are place mats that have a bunch of cocktails on them.....they can't make most of them.  You don't go here for fancy cocktails.  You go here for their cheap tall beers or the Long Island Iced Tea made in a glass way too large that will do the body good.  Cannot stress enough that this is a mozzarella sticks and lager kind of place.  Don't mess with perfection.
Before reading about this bar, peep the category overhead: Dive Bars. Just because a place is considered to be a dive bar doesn't mean it won't be a great time or that there are vagrants waiting in the shadows to take your money.

That being said, Oscar's is one of my favorite drinking establishments in the city. The ambience of the dim lighting, and low drum of conversation allow one to blend in and peoplewatch without drawing attention. 

Went down to Center City to go out for SIPS but started and ended my night at Oscar's. When their everyday special is .25 more than the SIPS special, save the crowds, I'm all set.If you stopped in last night you got to hear some 58 year old man named Rick rock out to 4 Van Halen songs on the jukebox wearing clip-on sunglasses and fistpumping. 

The waitstaff here is awesome! Extremely personable, family-run business and they aim to keep it that way. The food is okay, you're at a dive bar, not a gastropub, drink and the food gets better. Regardless, the waitress was nice enough to give us food that somebody ordered and didn't show up for gratis, can't beat free food & cheap drinks.

Don't be that guy who brings the ATM/Debit/Credit card, businesses like this survive running cash-only.
I have never been to an establishment where the bartenders and entire staff have had such an attitude and made their patrons feel like second class citizens. Specifically, the bartender Bill was so rude and obnoxious when ordering drinks it made me want to throw my drink in his face. The guy is an absolute Bum who has no business working in a Burger King. The show Bar Rescue is the only thing that comes to mind here.
This place seemed neither divey nor run down to me.  It is just not posh, which is great.  Down to earth waitress, big tables and booths are great for meeting a crowd of friends.  Super friendly seeming patrons.  I like that it was a diverse mix of folks, black and white, which isn't always the case in all establishments.  I don't go to bars often, but when I do, this is my new go-to.
I had a really good time here. I was already 2.5 sheets to the wind when I got here with a margarita and lots of Saki under my belt. I ordered a Sam Adams Summer Ale, and my girlfriend ordered a Long Island Iced Tea. Out they came, both in these huge glasses. I think they were like 24 oz. I've never seen a mixed drink this huge. I don't recall everything from that evening but I think hers was the ridiculous price of like only 8 dollars or something. As I do with every new bar I encounter I thoroughly inspect the jukebox. It was pretty darn good for a dive, and it had one of my favorite Tom Waits albums "Small Change".  Among other stuff I played something from that album. This must of inspired me, because I was singing "The Piano has been Drinking(Not Me)" from that very album at National Mechanics by the end of the night.
The seedy interior is glorious and the crowd I diverse to say the least... Biker guys sitting next to you college students sitting next to a couple on a date. It was awesome. If you would like to go somewhere with an upscale atmosphere to impress someone, this is not for you. However, if you'd like to get a little buzz on for cheap with a very genuine group, this could definitely satisfy that need.

It's up there with Dirty Frank's as a Philly staple. So bummed I only got here for the first time in my 20's.

PS- Get the Long Island and the pierogis. They ain't no joke.
What I love about Oscars:
1. The 24 oz PBRs
2. The old school placemats depicting "classic" 60's cocktails
3. Mozzarella sticks
4. They'll let you watch Jeopardy if you ask nicely
5. Red "ambient" lighting

What I don't love about Oscars:
1. The bathrooms
2. Cash only
3. The rest of the food is questionable, but what did you expect? Stick to the drinks.
4. The new digital juke box
I Love a Good Dive Bar and this one checked all the boxes!!  Cash Only-Check; Cheap Beer/Drinks-Check; Greasy Bar Food-Check; Torn Bar/Booth Seats-Check; Good Jukebox-Check; Inappropriate conversations shared amongst random folks sitting near each other-Check & Diverse Patrons (young college kids to the ol' head neighborhood bar fly) - All these ingredients make a pretty cool place to hang out!!  

The barmaid was friendly and recommended the Long Island Ice Tea...Maybe next time.  I say check it out and have fun!
This place gets 4 stars ONLY because of the giant 10$ margaritas where they don't skimp in the alcohol and the comp pretzels .. Came here after pole dancing class one night and I must say any place that gives me margaritas that large and doesn't water them down is a okay for me... But only if you're looking to chill .. And don't mind the annoying smoking inside
not much to say except huge beers for a few dollars. it just kicks ass.
Whereas most resturants and bars in Center City gives off a modern, swanky, high class vibe, Oscar's is one if the few places that are divey, but hey, there's absolutely nothing wrong with a dive that serves cheap food and drinks so long as they're good, and Oscar's did not dissappoint.The chicken strips, crab fries, and pierogis were all bomb as well as the screwdrivers I ordered back to back. 

There was a bit of a wait before we could order, because it was super packed due to it being right after CDC Sips, and there was only one waitress. We didn't mind though, and I musy say she was really working the whole bar front to back, kudos to her!

Overall, Oscar's is a good hangout spot to grab a drink or a snack with friends.
Oh, Oscar's.  Your enormous beers for 3-something dollars all day, every day hold a special place in my heart (and liver).

I am a huge fan of this place because of the aforementioned beer special, the no-hassle service, and the creepily-endearing red tinted lighting.  This is a great place to go with coworkers and friends - it is casual and laidback.  And I guarantee that you will have at least one conversation with someone in the teeny-tiny ladies' room.  Those random encounters always make my visit that much more interesting.

Oh, and the pierogies are fantastic, too.  Only thing is: they don't take credit, and navigating to an ATM after ingesting the large beers isn't always the best idea.
Oscar's is one of my favorite spots in Center City. I'm definitely partial to dive bars and it's awesome that Philly manages to keep a decent handful of them downtown as an alternative to the sea of shitty overpriced bars with lines full of douchebag college kids and/or young professionals who don't know better than paying $5+ for a Yuengling. Like everyone else mentioned, you can't beat their huge $3 drafts and their mixed drinks are strong and cheap too. 

Oscar's is kind of like McGlinchy's except that the waitresses aren't all constantly miserable and you're more likely to end up sitting next to the neighborhood shoeshine guy (literally) than a bunch of aging hipsters.

Also, after like 6 or so when you order a cheesesteak you get an additional half for free. It's a good deal and also an excuse to eat a cheesesteak and half, which you'll need to soak up all that alcohol you probably shouldn't have consumed immediately after work on a weekday...

This is definitely a stop in for a drink, end up tore up by 8:30pm kind of bar, which warrants a glowing review in my eyes.
Best thing about this place are the tall, cheapest drinks in town. Forget the overpriced food, guys and dolls. 

I got a nearly Das Boot version of a glass of Blue Moon for less than $5. And here is the place to try those "expensive drinks," like an Old Fashioned for $6! 

Depending on how many drinks you've hand, you can even reach other to that stranger, stick your hand in his afro, and smile and say "Squishy." And maybe get away with it. But let's not omit the occasional bar fights. PIck your battles wisely. 

Here is to being daring, cheap, and taking your hand sanitizer with your ID!
Haven't had the food and haven't been here after dark; for some reason I only end up here in the afternoon, usually after an early day at the office.  What a comfortable dive bar; Oscar's takes me back in time with it's porch-light yellow lamps, classic tunes, and $3.00 beers (that's a $3.00 23oz. beer).  You just slip past the bar and disappear in a booth, Tina's the only one who knows you're there as she delivers you lager after huge lager.  Blink twice and you will miss this genuine dive dream so look up for the green sign that leads you to cheap beer heaven.
Situated right in Center City and practically on Broad Street, Oscar's is definitely worth a look.  This place is home to an unusually heterogeneous crowd, all seeming to appreciate the various strings of Michael Jackson, Queen, and Police songs.  The Jukebox is essential.  The 22 oz. tall glasses of  Yuengling for $3 is also essential to its success as a venue!  They also have a really nice, cheap dinner and snack menu.  Burgers for $5 or less, $1.75 french fries, etc.  It's nice not having to pay $5 for a few fries.

My only complaints are:  it was a little over crowded...which isn't too terrible until your service slows down considerably.  Our service became slow and non-existent.  There was also smoking inside.

It was a great place to meet up with some friends that I haven't seen in a few years.
place is absolute dog piss. the bathroom smells worse than a country-side outhouse and never has any paper towels, the seating booths are actually (no, not practically) falling apart..... and I love it. one of my favorite places to booze where you can get a 22 ounce, $12 long island iced tea (estimated amount - I usually forget how much this actually is after finishing the first round). many fun nights here.

I'd give it 5 stars out of my fondness; on the other hand, if I take this place as a personification of Philadelphia, it would promptly tell me to leave whatever the hell review I wanted and throw me out into the streets farther than uncle phil.

the french fries here are arguably the best in the city. I'd fight you over this, but I'd probably lose, so, yeah, they're one of the best.
If you need a quick cheaper drink if you are in the area passing through or waiting your reservation with another restaurant etc. The crowd appears to be people from all walks of life. 

The prices are fair the service is quick and generally friendly.
Tall Lagers and wings? Yes!
3 doors from work? Oh yes!
Cheap? Yep!
Laid back? Totally!
Is Scotty The Man? YES!
Do they own me? Absolutely.

I love going there after work, no matter what time it is. If you aren't difficult and just want beer and relax, this is it!
There's nothing really terrible about Oscar's, but I just can't bring myself to really like it.

We each got one of the tall beers for $3.50 a piece, which is a great deal. 
The pierogies were actually pretty good, but served on a styrofoam plate with a plastic fork. I don't really mind this, I just thought it was funny.
The bloody mary was good, but STRONG. Again, not a bad thing.

It did kind of smell like an old bathroom that had just been attempted to be cleaned.
When I think of Oscar's I think of duck sauce.* Has to be that the light gives the joint an orangey haze in the night...and it can be a wee bit sticky there too. My experiences at Oscar's have been nothing but sweet. This duck sauce analogy is working out a lot better than I expected. "See I'm NOT crazy**!" I just yelled...at myself. 

Cash bar. Big cheap beers for three dollars and change can be found here. Inexpensive mixed drinks are not watered down either- Oscar's don't skimp! 

We've had a such a variety of times and odd conversations here. Odd in a good way, usually. I've had a discussion about baking rugelach as Prince and Frank Sinatra played back to back on the jukebox. I've also been at Oscar's when it's been so packed to the rafters that I've barely been able to hear the weirdo thoughts in my own head, much less what tunes are playing. 

We've found Oscar's Tavern to be a comfortable, friendly place to get some drinks when we're in the neighborhood or when our funds are running low. We keep on coming back.




*Disclaimer: Oscar's has nothing to do with cheap Chinese sauce take-out  packets
**There is a good chance that I'm terribly insane.
I love cheap dirty bars. I used to live and work at one, but I guess I shouldn't have come here starving and after having fancy glasses of wine at a nice fundraiser at a hoity-toity steakhouse. I got a sausage sandwich and promptly puked it up, it was so nasty. It made my stomach recoil on contact. I think it may have actually been a turd in a bun. Cheese fries were OK, made with actual Cheez Whiz, yay. You can tell by that plasticky aftertaste that only brand name Cheez Whiz has! My giant beer was nice to look at but warm and took about 10 tries at the waitress and bartenders to actually get. OK, it's really cheap, but it doesn't matter if it's so piss warm that I can't drink it. I'd rather spend $4 on something I can actually consume than $2.50 on nothing. Also I'm pretty sure the cook relieved himself in it. And Jesus Christ Mr. White, are all of the staff members on crystal meth?! 

Like I said, I like gross nasty cheap bars best, but at least pour me a beer the first or second time I ask for it, and stop trying to tell me to ask a different server. I asked YOU! You're at the damn bar!
Probably my fave go to dive bar in Philly and I think anyone who works or lives in Center City knows about this wonderful establishment.  Sure it is cramped, the interior needs some updating, and the exposed springs in the chairs could possibly hurt you.  But do you go to dive bars for ambiance? Ummmmm last time I checked you do not.  The drinks are cheap, strong, and huge if you get a long island. If I remember correctly the long islands are $12 and it is the best $12 I have spent in Center City. It normally gets packed pretty early so get there by 5-6ish or plan on standing. Bring cash and the lady working the bar with blonde hair is an absolute sweetheart.  I forgot to mention this is a dive bar with a great selection of top-shelf liquor as well?  Well it is!

Thank you Oscar Tavern for the awesome nights and here is to more.
I came here for a friend's 28th birthday and generally like this bar. But on this random Thursday evening when the bar was perhaps half full, I had an unexpected, unusual uncomfortable experience. One of the bartenders here is incredibly inhospitable. Perhaps she was having a bad day and was incredibly rude to all the patrons. But to flick off patrons, that's unacceptable. It is the most uncomfortable I have ever felt at a bar.
This place is great.  Big beers, low prices.  Dive bar ambiance from neon beer signs with a very cheery bartender.  I wish it were closer to my house because I would be there all the time.  My only complaint is that smoking is allowed and my now delicate, former smoker lungs, can't handle it so well.
If you are under 21 in this city and need a spot to drink, go to Oscar's as you are most likely to never get carded. 
Now, besides that, Oscar's is the epitome of  a dive bar. You can smoke inside, play your favorite songs on the jukebox (3 for a dollar), the beer is ridiculously cheap and served in ginormous glasses,  and eat greasy bar food. It's wonderful. The service is pretty good even though the place is always busy, no matter the day of the week. I've been here with three other people and I've also been here with thirteen others and somehow we always manage to get  a table and have a great time. It's the perfect place to pregame.
I have walked past this bar so many time and never went in.  I finally went in and it's the perfect dive bar.  Our waitress was attentive and we never had an empty beer.  The beers were large and inexpensive, especially for Rittehouse. The jukebox had a great variety of music.
There is only one bathroom for women, so it can take forever.  
Just remember it is cash only!
One of the better dives in center city. It's at least got some classic character, even if it's filthy and smells funny. There's a good bit of seating also, in a nicely dark cave-like space.

They also offer 23 ounce beers, so there's a good bit of value there. I've never been brave enough to order the food.

It's the sort of place you go after you've finished dinner or classier drinks, and want to keep the night going without gouging your wallet. And it works for that.
I like a good dive bar, but this place was "too divey" even for me. When we walked in I commented it that it smelled like a college fraternity house - that smell of smoke mixed with old beer. They had sports on TV and were offering some really inexpensive drink specials but we decided to go elsewhere.
I was in town for work and was looking for a fun dive bar. This place is it. Bartenders are awesome and hilarious. I felt like I was in the show "it's always sunny in Philadelphia". I will definitely be back!
My pal Emily P. always sang the praises of Oscar's, so I knew upon the first time coming, I was in for a treat.

And boy, was she right.  Oscar's is an unexpected dive bar smack dab in the middle of Center City - with all the sass, smoke, and cheesy jukebox music you could ever dream of.  The bar food - greasy, but delicious.   Beer - cheap cheap CHEAP, and served in 22oz glasses.  Dear God, I've died and gone to heaven.

The crowd here is always mixed - obvious UArts hipsters, alcoholic business types in fancy suits, and your fair share of sketchy Philly dudes.  

Oscar, we must hang out more.
Bar smells like donkey ass: CHECK

Smell of smoke: CHECK

Guinness on tap tastes like ass in a glass because they haven't cleaned the lines since the last Bushie was president:  CHECK

Doesn't take credit/debit cards: CHECK

Using the same decor as the "Swinger's" lounge act bar: CHECK

Feels like you need to take a shower and update your hepatitis B vaccination: CHECK
The only reason I give Oscar's 2 stars is because the staff is friendly and their long island ice tea was pretty good. And big. And full of liquor. I'm pretty sure I was buzzed off of one, and this was on a very full stomach.

Other than that, too crowded and extremely loud.
Ah, Oscars, my favorite bar to frequent when I lived in Center City. I'm not a beer drinker so I couldn't take advantage of those tall glasses of beer this place is famous for. I love indulging in rum & coke and long island iced teas. The music is good, I think I've been there on nights where they've played a full Rage Against the Machine album. On the weekend, it's hard to walk in here, as the tables are all full and the bar is crowded with people. The booths in the back are my favorite, since the tables in the middle can make me feel claustrophobic and wary of sitting too close to strangers. The bar food is decent, it's hard to mess up chicken fingers, though.
this is an alright bar, not the kind of place you just want stop in for a drink, the atmosphere can be kind of a downer, but if you've got a big group of people and can take up the corner tables it's a great place for 5 dollar pitchers and bad jukebox songs nobody wants to admit they know all the lyrics to. few people I know have braved the food here (nothing vegan that I know of) but if you want to test the resilience of your stomach this is probably as good a place as any.
We LOVE Oscar's! My husband and I love to walk down to Oscar's almost every Saturday afternoon and drink pitchers of Rolling Rock outside in the tent! We love Oscar's because it's no-frills, everyone is easy going, and they have cheap beer!  It's a nice change compared to most of the other bars in the surrounding area. They have a TV set up outside and always have a game on too! The only downside is that they are cash only. I think they do have Venmo, but you have to ask. Overall, solid place that I highly recommend!
My favorite bar in all of Philadelphia. I don't need stemmed crystal. I don't need crown moulding or stools I can actually sit on. Those are ill-afforded luxuries that play no part in me enjoying the people watching and the fun I always have when I come here with my friends when I'm in town. The dim, red lights; the shabby stools, everything is falling apart and I love it. The dive into this bar is very deep, very cheap and I wouldn't want it any other way. 

Those LITs and $3 tall drafts will set you right (or upside-down, if you're not careful)
In 2008, I worked for the Obama Campaign in PA and we had an office above Oscar's. It is one of the best dive bars in the country. I stopped in the other night and nothing has changed. Still cash only, still has the amazing smell of crabby fries coming from the tiny grill up front, and you can still get a massive 2 pint beer for less than $5. Can't beat that deal.
Great bar to have a drink and just unwind. It's nothing fancy but the bar tenders are great. Love how this was the first bar we so friendly and open to my wife an I. Want to drink at a cool bar where people will not bug you this is the spot
This place is classified as a dive bar but I don't think that's totally accurate. The clientele ranges from your average down and out drunk to the corporate businesspeople gathering for after work drinks to the hipster or artist type. It does have a bit of a dingy feel to it, but the staff is very personable and the food offered is a cuisine of standard bar fare of average quality for an average price. 

To me, the highlights of this place are the "tall lager" (22 ounces for three bucks and a quarter) and after 4pm if you order a cheese steak you get a cheese steak and a half for the same price. 

Now let me just say something about this cheese steak. You hear a lot of people debating about where the best Philly cheese steak is found. For my money this is the best cheese steak for the best price. Perhaps this is a controversial claim, but really it's everything you can want out of a cheese steak. It's not fancy, but good. If I have friends visiting from out of town and they want to experience an authentic Philly cheese steak, I take them to Oscar's. You avoid the lines of the tourist trap steak joints and you have a nice laid back atmosphere to consume that greasy goodness.

Regarding the atmosphere, there are TVs, sometimes the audio is turned up, but sometimes the juke box is playing. As other people have commented, the juke box has a great selection, probably one of the best I've found in terms of variety, but the last two times I was there it was broken. In lieu of that however, they were playing the oldies Music Choice channel and it was completely perfect.
Wow this place is awful! We ordered some food and but not everyone had cash. This place is cash only and has no freaking ATM. So two of my friends only had cards and the waitress said they couldn't stay because they weren't ordering anything. 

She said "this isn't just a hangout place for you guys so please leave." No. You don't kick out good-willed people who just don't happen to have cash and there's no ATM. Welcome to the 21st century.

When we canceled our order cordially she was super passive aggressive too. 

I am not usually one  to give negative reviews but the that treatment was literally crap.
"Dive bar" doesn't explain this place. Maybe the ducktaped pipes on the wall and the stained ceiling is on purpose to make it hipster, but I don't think so. And maybe I'm being a princess, but I really felt like I needed to shower after I left this place. 

I will give this place this- great for people watching. I couldn't quite figure out what the crowd was. Like people who got sick of Ladder? Other random groups of small friends like 2-3 people sitting at the bar or at the dining booths. 

Also you get ridiculously huge cups of Yueling for $4 so ok, fine. 

It's jukebox music so it's not playing the whole time and  the bathroom is probably not up to any sort of sanitary code. 

The server and bouncer were both very kind though!
Oscar's is a real dive bar.  We went here on a thursday afternoon around 5.  It was packed.  There wasn't a seat at the bar, and I didn't see more then one open table.  The bartender was really nice and promptly served us.  

I ordered a kenzinger (large) which was only 5 bucks.  Can't beat a big cheap bear.  The patrons range from corporate suits, to college kids in t shirts, 30 somethings, and a group of 50ish men.  I noticed that by the bar is where they make food.  I didn't ask to look at a menu but from the amount of cheese steaks and fries I saw coming out, I'm guessing that the menu is limited.  Or it could be that that's the "must have" when you eat here.  


Some dive bars have the gross vibe, this just has a dive cool vibe.  It reminds me a lot of Tony's Baltimore Grill in Atlantic City, a bar I grew up going to.  They don't have many of these spots around anymore.
"Cafun" is a Brazilian Portuguese word meaning "The act of tenderly running one's fingers through someone's hair."

The first time I was at Oscar's, there was a man sitting at the bar with what can only be described as televangelist hair (http://www.indypendent.org/wp-content/photos/page3_Rev_Billy.jpg). My friend dared herself to pull a cafun, because that's how she rolls. So she sidled up to the bar, introduced herself, confessed a desire to stroke that silky mane, and was given the go-ahead. Hilarity ensued.

Oscar's is a glorious dive where you can drink cheaply and get your cafun on. Enjoy.
"It goes in easier if you get it wet." 

Get your mind out of the gutter. This is just what the waitress told me when I was trying to slide a dollar bill into the jukebox.

This place gets really crowded. It seemed like a bunch of people were trying to pre-party here before going to that club next door. Once my friend and I got our seats at the bar, it was a great time. And that didn't take too long either. 

Oh, it's cash only, and their atm is at the bank around the corner.
Oscars is the definition of a dive bar. Dark bar, cheap food, cheap drinks and I'm assuming nothing has been updated since it opened. The bar even had a box TV that I'm pretty sure I had as a kid. I can't even believe it's still fully functioning.  Talk about nostalgia! My fiance ordered a cheesesteak and it was massive. I was surprised at how good it was.

The staff is so friendly. I wish I caught her name but she was the sweetest waiter. Her first words to me were "are you okay and can I get you anything?" as soon as I walked in looking for a seat for our group. This is smack dab in the middle of a trendy street in center city and a much needed oasis from the center city life. Can't wait to go back!
Wowzers.  I think I just found a bar that feels like home.  Maybe I'll make it in Philly after all.  I'm staying at a horribly expensive hotel that is beyond my means this evening, and I wanted cocktails, but didn't want to walk far due to the blistering cold that may have caused me to get lockjaw.  (Don't ask.)  So I turned to Yelp, a confused gal's best friend, for help on where to go.  Oscar's sounded like a totally skeezy dive, so automatically I was in.  

And can I say...the rumors are true!  Surly cocktail waitress?  Check.  Adorable placemats?  Check.  Incredibly random mix of clientele?  Check.  Fried foods at your beck and call?  Check, even though I did not partake this evening, but undoubtedly will.

God, this is totally what a bar should be.  I was drinking old fashioneds and sitting inches away from a besuited mafioso who was chatting with what appeared to be a Charlie Manson wannabe, all the while sitting under yellow lights that make the night feel drunker than it is.  It's not just awesome; it's RAWsome.  

However, I must withhold the final star because the jukebox isn't turned up loud enough for either an impromptu dance party or bar singalong to break out.  Or is that shit the kind of gay stuff that only flies in SF?  I hope not, cuz if after a couple more cocktails Don't Stop Believing started pouring out of the jukebox, I think I might reach nirvana.
I'm afraid to move back to Philadelphia.  No, not because of the crime or the shitty politics.  I'm afraid I'll never leave the bar.  What can you say about Oscar's?  You don't have to think about what you want because you have to get a big Yuengling and if your feeling frisky a shot or three.  The bar stools were packed with a definite variety of people and some even offering Christmas cookies and chocolates.  Others seemed to be lost in their own world, staring off into space and others making no sense but still trying to talk with any random patron that walked through the door.  Forget Cheers, this is the bar they need to make a TV show about.
This is a favorite spot for my coworkers since it's so close to our job. 

And for $3 huge beers. 
And for cheap, delicious, shareable bar snacks. 
And for a jukebox with an awesome selection. 
And for sassy waitresses. 

This is everything I like about a dive bar rolled into one tiny place.
Oscar's is the only place in Philadelphia where I will happily order a PBR. They're huge, cheap, and served quickly. The waitresses are always accommodating to our group, no matter the size. And they know how to keep the beer coming. It's the perfect place to start or end your night in the Chestnut/Walnut/Sansom area.

A word of warning about the width of Oscar's: do not try to dance in here. There is not enough room. If you attempt the shag while rocking out to the jukebox, you very well may twirl your friend into a table, knocking over several beers in the process. Then everyone will turn and stare at you, clapping if they enjoyed the show. Not that this happened or anything.
Oh, Oscar's. Where do I begin? The 23oz draft beers? The drug-dealing kitchen staff? The cheesesteaks?  If you stick around long enough, you will probably see 1.) a fight 2.) someone fall off their stool 3.) a pregnant woman smoking 4.) all of the above.

Enjoy!

EDIT 12 Jan 2012: to be clear, Oscar's does NOT allow smoking, whether one is pregnant or not.
I've been to oscars a few times when I'm in town, and I've loved it every time. First off, order the perogies. Just do it. They are delicious. 

It's a little bit of a dive of a bar, but great atmosphere and always friendly staff. Importantly, though it's definitely a dive, they always have clean bathrooms - the women's are clean at least, I can't comment on the men's. When I went during the day on a Friday (I know, I know) the bartender wasn't very knowledgeable about the beer, but she was happy to let me sample a few until I found a nice wheaty beer I liked. 

Quick tip - they are cash only so plan ahead. I can't imagine you'd spend more than $20-25 for a couple beers and a few trays of perogies though!
Philly loves psuedo-dive bars. On the surface they look like your average corner joint, where townies keep barstools warm and look askance at unfamiliar faces, all while arguing the merits of Coors vs Miller. But with its trendy location on Sansom between Nodding Head and Ladder 15, Oscar's attracts a much hipper clientele.

With cheap, tall glasses of beer on draft, and wobbly tables, expect to hear shattering glass and smell spilled beer throughout the night. The draft selection, in true dive fashion, is pretty limited to the big breweries, although they usually do have an offering from Dogfish Head or Victory on hand for the more demanding palette. The last time I was there, I ordered the Victory bottle they had that night and the bartender didn't know what I was talking about until I pointed to the list written on the mirror. Obviously if you're looking for a good beer experience, go next door to Nodding Head.

Oscar's won't blow you away with their food, beer, or service, but it's basic, rustic, and unassuming, which makes it a welcome break from some of the other bars around, depending on what you're in the mood for that night. It's a great spot to take a break from wine bars, dancing, and tapas and drink lots of regular beer on the cheap while hopefully arguing about something a little more enlightened than whether one bland beer is better than the other.
Cheap beer and passable bar food but disconcerting issue with the digital jukebox. Minor it may seem to most, but filtering out basically any music made by a minority. Tried to test it and see if it's what can somehow be found offensive but Boys II Men is filtered. Seriously, who filters that? Some will understand the concern and others won't.
My favorite pair of flip-flops may thin with wear but gosh darn Oscars doesn't. One might not realize but while drinking at Oscars you are sitting alongside greatness - the many men and women who cook & serve you food. It reminds me a bit of the bars I grew up in, in Fishtown, sans the occassional stare or drunk bloke who asks why you didn't go to "insert name here 's Beef N Beer." Funny, last visit I was seated next to a gal who grew up a few blocks from me. We compared accents and argued over who makes the best peirogies. After my visit that night I overslept for my lunch shift the next day.
Brilliant!
Oscar's does dive bar to near perfection.

Patrons of all walks of life. Food served on paper plates. Cheap 23oz draft beers. Paper placemats. Stellar service from ladies older than my mom. Crappy jukebox. Smells peculiar.

If you're looking for a true divey experience, or are short on cash and want to get drunk, or just need a dark, loud place to drink after work, Oscar's is perfect. And they don't care if you spill your beer!
There's not many dive bars like this in center city. Cheap beers and cheap food in a great location. $4 for a 24oz Lager and like $8 for a cheesesteak and a half. The crab fries were probably better than Chickies and Petes too. Last of a dying breed for this type of bar in center city.
oh, oscar's....what the hell happened to you?? from whence the hipsters, jocks and shitty dj cometh?

and, more importantly, when do they go backeth?

let me know when you're back to your old, grubby, uncrowded self, 'cos i'll be there with bells and my drinkypants on.
i love oscar's for two reasons:

1) cheap beer

2) it's so divey you forget you're smack-dab in the middle of the city of philadelphia
Everything I ever wanted to say about Oscar's I says it here: 

I really, truly don't want to spill the beans. No, I really don't want to tell you about the 24 ounce beers for three dollars. Or the ashtrays that get more butt than the Jonas Brothers, even after this bullshit "Smoke Free Philly" nonsense. You don't need to hear about the great selection from the classic jukebox, or the fact that the entire bar will sing along if you choose the right song. I can't tell you how many glasses are smashed on the floor each night, and how much the crowd gets riled up in the glass menagerie. I'll keep mum about the huge long island iced teas that, for 9 dollars, will make you slip off your bar stool. If I tell you, you'll go. And if you go, it won't be the cool ass, tight knit bar my friends and I know and love. If you go, maybe Oscar's will turn trendy; maybe they will up their prices and clean the bathrooms and start carding at the door. But if you read this review and find anything I just wrote even remotely enticing, I guess I can count you out of the yups around Center City; shit, maybe we could even get a beer sometime.

(Not for Tourists Guide to Philadelphia, http://ww.notfortourists.com/viewRadar.aspx?city=PH&radarID=24732)
Love this place. Calm, friendly and very very good value for money. Food is basic but decent.

Huge beer on draft just $6.50. Tiny entrance but goes back a good 40-50yds.

Just ordered a second beer and only $4.
So this is how the conversation went with the guys I was with when they suggested this place.

Them: Do you like dive bars?
Me: Sure
Them: How about going to the shittiest bar in Philly
Me: Seriously, the shittiest bar in Philly?
Them: Well the shittiest that serves food
Me: What are we waiting for?

So what is there to not love about this place. The surly/inappropriate bartenders, the fact the bouncer/ID checker was actually a regular who was getting paid with beer, the homeless guy out front who was asking for money eventually got enough to come inside to buy beer, I mean do I need I continue? You should totally be sold at this point.

The atmosphere is what makes this place. There are regulars who are interesting to say the least. Then there are college kids. Then there are homeless people. Then there are business people in suits. Its one hell of a weird mix, but it totally feels right.

The beer is crazy cheap and they actually have some half decent selections. The draft beers are very large yet are priced the same as bottles so unless your really picky just get the draft. Its a way better deal. Then there is the food. I was a bit hesitant to order food here at first, but the guys assured me it was safe enough and actually pretty good. The sandwiches are surprisingly good and are as cheap as the beer.

So head on in, enjoy some cheap ass beer and take in the weirdness.
You will spend the best years of your underaged life here, find solace in its strict adherence to the rules of head down drinking: long, dark and narrow. Dig into a 23oz lager for 3 and change, admire the way the waitress moves between tables, conversationally, think for a moment that you might marry her, remember that it's Tuesday and there's probably a few pretty girls at Fox & Hound for pint night--but karaoke's over, so why bother--and turn to a friend to make a point on Chase Utley's on-base percentage, stab your finger on the table to prove you're serious, and spill a bit out of your glass by accident.
Yup, it's a dive.  But that's usually what I'm looking for.  Cheap beer, no pretentiousness , and lots of fried things.  What more do I have to say, did you want the downside of this place? It's cash only and in a part of Philly that I don't normally hang.  Aside from that it's a great place to lay low and drink or pregame.  Resolution for 2013?  More fried stuff.
$6.50 for a 23 oz. of dogfish head ninety-minute IPA! compare that to $18 for the same amount at standard tap. great selection of beer, although the liquor selection is lousy and there are a lot of things like the dekuyper radioactive-colored/carcinogenic liqueurs (if you can call it that). one of a handful of bars i've ever been to that serves bombay dry gin (as opposed to sapphire).

can't say much for the crowd. it is a lively bunch, and very diverse, but i didn't really feel entirely comfortable engaging with the much drunker folks there.

will probably return soon.
They lie about what they pour all the time. I ordered a dirty martini one night, they had olives but no olive juice? Huh? And rather then comming and asking me they just serve it incorrectly and walk away. I've also seen them pour well vodka when I ask for stoli. Shame. And if you haven't heard of the makers mark incident... google " oscars ... philadelphia... makers mark" that's a good story! I love dive bars... but this place just takes advantage of you. Bring your money elsewhere.
jukebox... check
23oz LITs... check
creepers... check
too close for comfort with strangers... check check check

due to my deep love for conversations with strange strangers, this place gets 4 stars.
I love Oscar's Tavern. As a patron who usually doesn't frequent dives, I have to admit upon first entering I was mortified. Yes, I know it sounds ridiculous.

When I went for the first time last year it was dark, looked dirty, smelled like old beer and there was a drunk guy stumbling around and in the back that my friend and I were guessing if he was a regular or an employee. The glasses didn't look too clean and the grill was exposed and part of the bar.

Once you get past all that, you have ridiculously cheap beer in large quantities. They used to have Lionshead on tap. My love for shitty beer appreciated this. They now have PBR on tap. This warmed my heart.

I still haven't ordered any food here and don't think that I ever will because the guy cooking it skeeves me out, but my friends have drunkenly munched on fries and chicken tenders and they didn't seem too lethal. 

Beware, this place is cash only and the closest ATM is in Bar 1518 a few doors only. Also, if you want the most bang for your buck, get the tall boys and Lager is always on special.
There were three for two cheesesteaks; there were potato chips. There were cheap beers, shots, comradery, good times, and some girl who was either a prostitute, a questionably moraled coworker, or like, the worst granddaughter. Ever.

AND SHE MADE OUT WITH EVERYBODY.

Well I guess she really one made out with the two guys. One jealous young man who was her age and one lucky old chap 30 years her senior. But the whole bar was trying to figure out who they both were. So, like, whatever man. I'm drunk.

Come to oscar's for the cheesesteaks, stay for the show.
