I remember living right down the street in Fairmount ten years ago when Osteria first opened and being so happy restaurants of this caliber were opening up this end on Broad Street! I'm not sure what kept us from dining at this lovely space with insane service and incredible food, but I'm so glad we finally snuck in just before new sole owners, James Beard award winning chef, Jeff Michaud (who studied in Northern Italy for 4 years) and famed restauranteur Michael Schulson, (who in my opinion can do no wrong) close it down temporarily and give it a little re-vamp this summer. I honestly cannot imagine it gets better than this. It was truly a lovely, memorable evening! 

Everything I tasted was outstanding!! The wood roasted veggie antipasti priced per person ($11) was a fantastic start! A lovely plate of arugula, seasoned green beans, brussels, roasted red peppers and golden and regular beets, which weren't too "dirty". What is placed on this delish colorful dish will change with each visit as it's seasonal! *Another vegan option is to stick with some of their delectable vegetables. The artichokes were outrageous! 

What's also seasonal is their pannocchia, 
a packed corn, bufala mozzarella, scallion, truffle corn pizza. Such a unique flat, filling pie packed with toppings and flavor! Definitely at least get a pie get to share. 12" is standard and makes a doable second course. 

The pastas are midi-courses and platted accordingly. This can be both frustrating and welcomed as most will WANT entire large portion of their incredible pasta, but the smaller plates allow you to try quite a few varieties without feeling too stuffed. 

Our table indulged in the super light and delicate plin, which is stuffed with vibrant beets, creamy goat cheese and fragrant tarragon, as well as the francobolli ravioli, which had meaty royal trumpet mushrooms, robiola and thyme. Both were very well liked! 

The dessert offerings were drool worthy. Panna cotta, gelato, tiramisu, oh my! Vegan options were 3 scoops of your choice of sorbetto.... basil lime, rhubarb, licorice, to name a few. 

I love that you can opt for family style dining here, your choice or the chefs. For those with no dietary restrictions, I would highly recommend this option. For me, I'm waaaaay too much of a control freak, but I can imagine leaving it up the chef will ensure you the best plates they're known for. 

For those with dietary restrictions, they were so accommodating! Please inform your server and they will steer you in the right direction and go above and beyond to satisfy you! 

The complimentary bread and stick basket with rich olive oil and awesome wine, cocktail and even beer list are up to par with the rest of the meal as well. 

Osteria, with its completely candle-lit cozy interior and many different rooms including the green house and wine cellar is perfect for not only large parties and festive family dinners, but is sure to set the mood right for a magical date night! It was just the loveliest!!!

We cannot wait to return!! This meal got me so excited for my upcoming return trip to Italy!! Bring it!!
Osteria is amazing - decadently delicious. Let me preface this well-deserved praise with a note that I'm very picky with Italian due to many bad experiences ... too many restaurants, too few good ones!  I'm still glowing from this visit.

We had a Sunday 6PM date night (d'aww) reservation, and received a warm welcome from the staff.  The restaurant was quiet, and we were seated immediately.  I openly admired the lovely enclosed patio, and was promptly offered a seat there - but we opted to stay in the main dining area.

Belly Bacchanal:
- Antipasti: Wood Grilled Octopus $19.  I love octopus, and try it every chance I get. I've had rubbery chewy ones, dry ones, good ones ... this is honestly the best I've had.

- Primi: Chicken Liver Rigatoni $16. Very hearty and flavorful!  Perfect in front of a fireplace during winter, or to take the chill off in spring ... heck I can have this all year round.

- Primi: Chanterelle and Bone Marrow Ravioli $18.  Fireworks in my mouth! The delicate ravioli houses the rich bone marrow.  Dim sum soup dumplings - beware, you have met your match! We discreetly rock-paper-scissor-lizard-spocked for the last pillow of ravioli. If this were entree-sized, I'll be frolicking in it.

- Secondi: Rabbit "Casalinga" $26. Rich and earthy - I will gladly have this no matter the season. It's served bone-in, but the tender meat flakes right off the bone, and the rich sauce pools in the polenta. It was very hard to share this one.

- Secondi: Grilled Skate Wing $28. Lighter, delicate, and perfect for warmer days. Watch the bones!

- Wine: two very sexy reds. Montepuciano d'Abruzzo and (will update - d'oh!).

The crowds started filing in at around 7-7:30PM - a lot of very well-dressed folks in blazers and Sunday's best. (I discreetly tucked my bike helmet under the chair at this point).

Our server was incredibly helpful with guidance on the popular and seasonal items, lightness/heaviness of each dish, as well as the suggested portioning from each section (1 antipasti/2 primi/2 secondi, etc). We left very satisfied - but not to bursting - and was able to bike home! :)

Afterglow: 
Cost: A touch pricey, but worth it for for special occasions (scheduling in anniversary and birthday reminders now).

Wish: Counter seating to see the kitchen action.  There were two seats there, but the counters were high (can't see into kitchen), and in a tight spot next to the busy pass and cool-looking pasta machine.
The best Italian restaurant in Philly, hands down - glasses up! Ciao to Americanized Italian food, hello to wonderful traditional fare in a beautiful atmosphere, with top knotch service . Try the pizza, the wood fired octopus is also a rare delicacy. Drinks are delicious. Neighborhood is "up and coming" so park close by, so you will return to find your car. Once again, Osteria is exceptionally highly recommended. Make reservations far in advance.
Ode to pre and post-holiday season office lunch outings! Let me count the calories :) We seem to always end up eating at awesome places and Osteria was no exception. I was excited to eat here after reading Philadelphia magazine's nod to the restaurant as one Philly's best. But. Even still, you know I had to check Yelp first to see if the "real" people thought that all of that excitement was warranted.  Luckily Yelp liked Osteria too. And so do I. Osteria wasn't terribly busy at the peak of lunch hour (i.e. 12:30 p.m. on Friday). Our party of five was seated immediately by the friendly hostess. The restaurant has a beautiful rustic design and is unpretentious. Three delicious breads were brought out by our awesome waiter and devoured quickly by my awesome colleagues. I had to stop myself after the third slice (don't judge me; 12:30 is a late lunch for me). My colleagues raved about the grilled octopus, which I didn't try, but it looked delicious. I ordered the Parma pizza. It was great but basic with arugula and prosciutto. I wish I had been more ambitious and gone for the Lombarda pizza but there's always next time. The post-lunch coffee was above average as was the polenta and pecan dessert - Jesus Mary Joseph and John...would've enjoyed it too. I can't wait to eat here again 5/5.
As an enthusiastic advocate of the $ value of a meal in Philly (compared to one in NYC) I have no idea why Osteria does the volume of business that it does. 

For the same price, one could take the Chinatown bus to NYC, hop on a subway to Brooklyn, have a much better meal and come back to Philly. The price points are completely out of whack for the (rentals they must pay for the) location!! And, it's almost the same distance from Center City (just kidding on that one!).

Full marks to the business sense of the owners who have leveraged the good name of their excellent flagship Italian restaurant Vetri well, despite the industrial setting, and (former parking garage) location. I walked into a bustling restaurant, despite their large seating capacity (quite different from that at Vetri) and could appreciate that the hype of home-style cooking had succeeded brilliantly.

However, I am being polite when I say that my experience was inconsistent at best. Nowhere was this more evident than from the service which deteriorated as one went down the hierarchy. While the maitre d' was courteous and accommodating, the server would disappear for long periods of time, and the busboy simply had no clue. The olive oil arrived 9 minutes (I timed it) after I was served bread, by which time not only was I done with the bread, but also with my appetizer!!

Speaking of which, I had started off with the antipasti of Wood grilled Octopus, lemon, potatoes, and chives. While the chef had made nice use of lemon, I found the Octopus to be chewy and dripping in olive oil. Also, it was burnt crisp in parts, and undercooked in others. I would've expected Osteria to have made good on this dish, but it only showed signs of promise. 

The highly acclaimed pizza (rumored to match Taconelli's) was prepared Roman style i.e. with a crisp ultra-thin crust, as opposed to a Neapolitan Margherita. While, one can acknowledge the difference in regional styles, however, by no stretch of imagination would this pizza be characterized as exceptional or rivaling the pies at Taconelli (unless the quality has gone down drastically since I was there last). In fact, Joe and Pat's in Staten Island, NY serve a much better crispier version of the pizza, though I must concede that the mozzarella at Osteria was decidedly superior, and delicious.

For dessert, I debated ordering the (ubiquitous) chocolate flan with pistachio gelato, but ended up opting for the Canoli, at the recommendation of the server. The semi-freddo Cappuccino was more melted than it should have been, but I really liked the concept of using cocoa nibs as opposed to chocolate chips. Had the consistency of the semi-freddo been better, I may have been tempted to bump the rating up a notch, for it was a light and refreshing dessert and ended the meal on a higher note.

For now, Osteria appears to be resting on the reputation of Vetri. Unless, they bring a consistency to their service, and get the execution details right, they will struggle to justify their premium pricing. I would still recommend a more wallet friendly trip to Brooklyn, instead!
My two-star rating for Osteria is more about how we were treated and not so much about food or service. If this review was only about food and service Osteria would've earned a possible four-star rating.  

I've been to Osteria twice before -- once with a group and once solo --  and, each time, I had a decent experience. But today, my family and I wanted to celebrate my sister's promotion to Lieutenant. And like other officers who had been promoted, we decided to eat at Osteria.  

It turns out that we got there "just in time" because Osteria was wrapping up lunch and closing soon to prepare for dinner.  I believe because of our timing, the staff, save our server, wasn't too happy about us being there.  When the hostess instructed us to wait while they put together our table, she was very "matter of fact," the antithesis of a hostess attitude.  How do I know? I used to be a hostess and I know the job very well.

I asked a man who appeared to be management level for menus, he was also very matter of fact (no smile, no engagement, nothing) when he said "Your menus will be coming soon." His response almost made me feel stupid for asking for menus.  Then there was a blonde-haired woman, who also appeared to be management level, that interacted with our table.  No "hello," no smile, no eye contact, nothing.  

-- Our Server --
This lack of engagement by the three staff persons we encountered at Osteria made our server, Janna, really stand out as pleasant, engaging, and knowledgeable. 

-- The Food --
Three of us ordered the mushroom ravioli.  The flavor was lovely!  My sister and I agreed.  Every bite was simply delicious.  I gave my other sister some to taste from my plate.  She also thought it was delicious.  Kudos to the chef!  My mother, who ordered the same entree, felt that the mushrooms were too chewy to enjoy the dish. 

-- One Other Note --
My brother-in-law bought a cake in the shape and design of my sister's lieutenant's badge.  He brought the cake into the restaurant to show the rest of us.  When he opened it, an Osteria staff member (I can't remember which one) pulled him aside to explain to him their policy on food that's brought in.  Again, the way this staff person engaged my brother-in-law almost appeared as if they were scolding him.  They told him there would be a fee to serve the cake in the restaurant, not knowing that he only brought the cake in to show the rest of us. (In case you're wondering, it costs $8 per person to serve your own dessert at Osteria.)  

So, if you want to endure the poor, negative and disengaged attitudes of the Osteria staff to get to some delicious food, then Osteria is for you.

Cheers.
My group of girlfriends and I selected Osteria as the locale to celebrate the 30th birthday of one of our crew.  The birthday girl has a penchant for pizza, so what better place to go than the pizza headquarters of Philly's favorite Italian, Marc Vetri?

We were seated in the expanded section of the restaurant; a cozy, rustic conservatory.  The large wood tables provided ample space, perfect for a family style meal.  Our server greeted us and filled our water glasses, which remained at least half full - physically and metaphorically - at all times throughout the evening.  Wines by the glass seemed more modestly priced than wines by the bottle (based on our equation of four glasses to one bottle) so we each had our choice of reds or whites.  I can't remember the name of my selection, but it was the very first white listed in the wines by the glass section and it was absolutely delicious.  The sommelier was available at several points in the evening to assist with questions or simply ask if we were enjoying everything.

There were so many wonderful sounding choices on the menu, so we told our server the items we were decided on already and he made suggestions for what to add and the order in which everything would be best served.  We started with three plates: an arugula salad, grilled octopus and butternut squash tortelli.  The salad contained blue cheese, roasted chestnuts and apples, and was dressed lightly in a vinaigrette.  The grilled octopus was a little on the tough side, but the seasonings were perfect and the strips of lemon zest scattered throughout the dish had a phenomenal taste, as if they themselves had been specially marinated.

The tortelli deserves its own paragraph.  Translucent layers of delicate pasta surrounded pockets of whipped squash, all tossed in a generous amount of seasoned butter.  There was enough for everyone to have a couple of the bite-sized pieces, and once the plate made its rounds, one lonely tortelli remained for three to covet and one to enjoy. In a group, I would suggest choosing one pasta option and doubling the order, because it will surely be a favorite of everyone at the table.  

For our main course we tried a margherita pizza, which was anything but ordinary because of the quality of ingredients used.  The flavors of fresh basil on top of slightly-salty mozzarella melding with just-right tomato sauce made for the perfect bite.  Our other pizza selection was the trentino, which featured (appropriately) salty cheeses, hunks of grilled fig and a type of prosciutto.  We saved this one for last but everyone agreed that the margherita had it beat.  

We ended the evening with a baked fig strudel, a heavenly caramelized apple cake (which our server described as jewel-like in appearance - sold!) and an order of gelato, half mascarpone and half pistachio, which came complete with a candle for the birthday girl.  The desserts were great but the gelato was other-worldly.

The impeccable service, comfortable surroundings and memorable food made for a really nice evening.  I'd most recommend Osteria for small groups, so plates can be shared, but it would be a great date spot as well.  So... anyone who feels so inclined to take me there can just let me know, k?  K.  Good talk.
If you're looking for possibly the best happy hour in Philly, you got to check out this spot!

FOOD:
- Cheese board +4/5
Amazing variety of flavors, cheeses, crackers, & jams. 
- PEI mussels +3.5/5
I'm not a huge fan of mussels but our table still finished every last one so that speaks for itself!
- Margherita pizza +4/5
Mmm - this is your good old margherita and yum, just yum.
- Daily pizza: Arugula/prosciutto +4.5/5
My favorite because I simply love prosciutto too much.
- Rigatoni +4.5/5
This pasta's flavor & texture was cooked perfectly! An easy dish to share as well.

DRINKS:
- Wine
$6/glass for a heavy pour? This must be heaven.
- Daily cocktail
I honestly prefer wine over everything but had to order this after a couple friends ordered it too. The bartenders really know their stuff.

SERVICE:
- This is where I docked a star. Our server - bless his heart - literally checked on us every 2 minutes. He was one of those where he asked us how the food tasted when it literally had just landed on our table. He then cleared all of our plate without really asking us - so when we ordered more food, the staff had to bring 5 sets of new utensils, plates, etc.. He was extremely nice but we felt rushed overall. 

Will definitely be back the next time I'm in philly!
Here is a synopsis of my experience at Osteria:

We arrived for our reservation about 15 minutes early, and were delighted to hear they could seat us. We expected to have to have a drink at the bar first, which we did not mind at all. We were seating in a back room that lacked ambiance. There was very little decoration or personality, and the room was empty. When our server arrived, we asked as kindly as possible if it would be possible to move to the main room, we didn't mind if we would have to wait longer. (It was a special occasion and we were looking for something more lively and inviting, especially since we don't often go out and spend a lot on meals)

She got a manager, and they said it would not be a problem at all. We could go to the bar and get a table in about 20 minutes.

All was well at the bar, we ordered cocktails and wine, all expertly chosen and enjoyed our time chatting.

When our table was ready, we sat down and our server came over and told us about the specials. The menu looked lovely. When we were ready to order new glasses of wine, our server immedietly reccomended the sommolier come by and make reccomendations that will work with our meal. One of my companions appreciated the offer, and the sommolier went to bring her a small sample of wine based on what she was looking for. Unfortuantely, she wasn't crazy about it, so she asked if she could try one more. She enjoyed the second wine and ordered it, but the sommolier acted as if she was being unreasonable and rude. 

Normally, I am overly polite and just take what is first offered, even if I am not crazy about it. But as a sommolier, is it that big of a deal to offer a second small sample? It wasn't even as if we were bothering our server asking her to do a million things when she needs to take food orders from the other tables. Her job is to assist tables in chosing wines. It seemed like a reasonable request.

But we moved on. The sommolier was annoyed but we were there to have a lovely time. We all ordered, and two of my companions ordered a $36 special - a 1/2 pound of lobster and pasta. 

Appetizers came and were delicious, although the antipasta is charged per person and was not a lot of food.

When the entree came, the two companions that ordered the lobster dish looked suprised. They were literarly fishing around to find lobster. Soon, the four of us were trying to assist, to try to find the lobster because we were so afraid of asking for the server. 

All in all, pieces that add up to about 1/2 the size of my tiny palm were found. We did not ask for the server or even steal glances across the room to find her. She stopped back to see how things were and we said everything was very good, and they hated to complain, but there was barely any lobster in the pasta.

Immedietly she became very annoyed. She pointed to a small piece and said "There it is!"

My companions said they understood, but they have ordered lobster many times in their lives and 1/2 a pound never looked so small.

She said there was nothing they could do and if they wanted she would get the manager.

What were we to do? We said OK.

The manager arrived and said basically the same thing. He said they weight each lobster and it is always 1/2 a pound.

We decided  to let it go and just ate.

Then things became incredibly embarassing. I was facing the room and saw our server, the manager, the sommolier and the bartender talking and pointing at us. I felt like that "nightmare" table, like I was in some kind of Twilight Zone episode. I always consider myself to be a great restaurant customer. I myself worked in the industry for two years. I know what they deal with.

When the check arrived it was tossed at us. She did not look our way at all, just got close to the table and tossed it in the center.

We paid, but only left a 15% tip, which is something we never do.

So that was my experience. We did call and leave a message the next day and did not hear back. Obviously to many this is an amazing restaurant. But I can't return. We spent over $260 there (not including tip) and I have received better service for a lot less.
"Everybody has a plan until they get punched in the face."  - Mike Tyson

I came in with a plan of what I wanted from the menu and then I got punched in the face.  I saw new things and then they announced specials which totally derailed my plans.  I went with the following:

- Grilled Octopus: I'm obsessed with octopus.  I'm obsessed with ordering it, eating it, and converting people who have never had it.  Mission Accomplished because it stood and delivered (take that James Olmos!).

- Lombarda Pizza: I thought eggs on pizzas were starting to get cliche - WRONG!  The bitto cheese compliments and takes the egg over the top (take that Sylvester Stallone!).  

- Chicken Liver Rigatoni (1/2 portion): once the server told me I can order 1/2 portions of pasta, I knew I could load up and try over things.  The chicken liver and caramelized onions make the dish so rich that you'll be waiting for Robin Leach to start narrating.   

- Pork Special: I have a confession - I never listen to the waiter's specials.  I just nod my head, feign interest, and nod my head so more.  As soon as I heard that they had a roast pork special, I could hear the brakes screeching.  What came out was nothing short of amazing - roasted rosemary potatoes, pork shoulder, pork butt, and a slab of crispy delicious pork skin.   

- Polenta Budino: perfect ending to a great dinner with no flaws in any of the courses.  The polenta added a nice texture to the pudding along with the candied hazelnuts.
Our group of 5 came here after Temple's Law School graduation. We were a bit concerned about our reservation for 6:15PM since they had us in the system for 6:45PM-we had an email confirmation for 6:15PM. But that is neither here nor there since they had an available table for us when we arrived. 

Our server was wonderful and even put up with our incredibly indecisive group. The pizzas we ordered-Parma and mortadella- were super tasty! The crust on the Parma pizza was thin and crunchy and the crust on the mortadella was super fluffy. I would definitely recommend the pizzas as a shared app. 

My brother got the special: baby pig sampler. He LOVES Osteria's different specials. I believe he has gotten (and thoroughly enjoyed) the pig head special once or twice. I can't vouch for it but he is a food snob and loved both specials. 

Our table also shared the wood grilled octopus. My father described it as "incredibly tender." This is good to share for 2, maybe 3, people. 

The wine selection is top notch and the wine rep who makes her rounds to the tables is very nice and accommodating. 

I've been here twice and will definitely return!
It should be an unwritten rule: Always take your date to Osteria. 
You know what makes a great date even greater? An up-scale, yet laid-back ambience. Talk about warm Tuscan atmosphere! It's almost as exciting as being in Tuscan! 

I mean it, if you've never been to Osteria, I urge you to run out your front door right now, and take your beloved one there. 
However ... 
I was on a dinner date with myself, before catching Cirque du Soleil show "OVO" at Temple University's Liacouras Center. And it was an extremely pleasant experience. I had a dry-aged ribeye grilled to perfection; tender and juicy with crunchy beets, mizuna & horseradish that tickled my fancy. 
A definite winning combo! 

Don't skip desert- E.V.E.R. specially at Osteria. It'll take you from wow to whoa! 
Like doesn't cornetti with marscapone & strawberry marmellata, and strawberry gelato, sound enticing? It sure does sound enticing! and it tasted even better. 
A killer dessert, and magically delicious.

Osteria will always be a good idea!
Four and Half Yelps.
I had to let this meal soak in for a while before I could even write the review. I am quivering with delight just thinking about it again and an entire week has passed. Imagine the intensity of my ardor the following day... I think I might be getting the vapors again!

So, I'm not supposed to eat wheat. I'm not celiac, just intolerant, so it makes my tummy hurt and my joints ache but that's about it. As such, I am willing to suffer on occasion for some premium carbohydrate action. It doesn't get a lot more premium than Vetri pizza and pasta, so I decided to make this my birthday dinner of choice and indulge in a little verboten pleasure.

We showed up at 8pm on the snowiest day of winter and it was surprisingly busy. Our table was ready immediately, so we checked our coats and were seated. I'm struggling to remember the decor because paying attention to anything other than the food was like trying to see what's behind the sun. The seats were comfy enough and I remember being plenty warm and facing the open kitchen.

For drinks, I went with a gin sour and E got the Sicilian Lemonade. My gin sour was the best I have had since Sophia's closed. Really excellent! I had 3, or 4, or something... E also enjoyed his lemonade, which was similar to his usual mojito.

Food-wise, we ordered: escargots with puff pastry (super rich and very tender snails), pulpo pizza, saffron buccatini for E, mushroom robiola ravioli for me, and the Creekstone Ribeye for two. A bonus course of smoked cobia appetizer arrive before the pizza due to a delay with the pizza ovens. It was incredibly delicious as well.

Were I to go back, I would get nothing but the pulpo pizza and the saffron buccatini. And not share with anyone. Back off that pulpo! It is the best goddamn pizza I have ever tasted, ever. It's the only pizza I want to eat. The crust was impossibly thin and yet still crisp enough to stand at attention when you lift a slice, the sauce was perfect, plenty of spice from the red pepper, and then smoky, tender octopus. The only other words I can think of are expletives. Eat this immediately. The saffron buccatini was equally addictive with the perfect al dente chew and zesty coating of herbs with chorizo and octopus coins. I had major pasta envy. Luckily, the portion size on this dish is quite substantial so I was able to make a lunch out of the leftovers.

The main was probably the biggest disappointment, and only because I felt it was a bit less of an impressive steak than I was expecting. It was cooked to absolute perfection with a hard char on the outside and medium rare, well rested interior, but it wasn't quite as large as I expected and it lacked that savory umami that a good dry-aged steak should have. We were so stuffed that we barely made a dent it it, though, and it made for some delightful leftovers a few days later. The side of potato and spinach gratin needed two more minutes in the oven because the potatoes were a little underdone, but I was so full I didn't bother asking that they correct it. They would have without question and so I did not deduct any points for that. Flavor-wise it was great and the leftovers finished cooking while reheating.

We couldn't manage dessert, but they brought out a gratis serving of persimmon sorbet with a candle for my birthday anyways. That was nice. E loved the sorbet- I found it a bit too sweet.

This meal was not cheap but I felt it was worth every penny. We spent $60 on alcohol alone, so it didn't have to be quite so pricey. You could come here and spend $100 per person or $30 per person depending on how you order. For example, the cobia appetizer that was comped was delicious, but a tiny portion for $18. Pizzas are around $18 as well and more filling, so they make a more affordable pick for an appetizer. Ask your server about pasta portion sizes and they can steer you toward the larger plates.
Vegetable Antipasti - 5 out of 5
A-m-a-z-i-n-g display and variety of summer vegetables that were all marinated and cooked to perfection. The experience in one word: addictive.

Spaghetti Alla Chitarra (Rabbit Bolognese, Artichoke and Black Truffle) - 4.5 out of 5
Delicious tender rabbit meat complemented the delicate pasta and the black truffle chunks.

Robiola Francobolli ("Postage Stamp Ravioli" with Royal Trumpet Mushrooms and Thyme) - 3 out of 5
I was expecting a lot more from this dish. There were homemade white ravioli on a white plate with some thin slices of mushrooms and a creamy filling. I don't base much of my review on appearance of the food, but when everyone's dishes arrived and mine was pretty boring looking (no color, no garnish, and a smaller than typical portion), I was less enthralled. Taste-wise, these raviolis melted on my palate. They were so soft and delicate and creamy. But, I would recommend a sauce with more depth and flavor.

Bufala Mozzerella and Heirloom Tomato "Conchiglie" Stuffed Shells - 4 out of 5
My boyfriend's father, who according to him and his family, always orders the "best" dish when they're out at restaurants. He ordered the stuffed shells, which goes to figure, since they were amazing. The basil in the sauce is the freshest I've tasted.

Rhubarb Strudel (with Apricot and Pistachio Semifreddo) - 2 out of 5
Just all right. Our server recommended this dessert over the Chocolate Mousse Torta, so I trusted her opinion. It looked like a Danish doughnut and tasted like a sweet-and-tart rendition. The combination of rhubarb, apricot, and pistachio didn't coalesce into a magical experience. It seemed like a dessert put on the menu to have another option, rather than some ethereal flavor combination Vetri was excited to share with the world. 

Chocolate Mousse Torta (with Peanut Butter and Chocolate Sbrisolona) - 5 out of 5
Now, this is a dessert is a not worth missing. BF's father ordered the torta and gave me a bite. It was oh so rich and decadent and everything a chocolate lover would want to finish off a great meal.
My feelings for Osteria remain firmly in four star territory. I absolutely love the food but the prices for some of it make me shudder. Fortunately, my last visit was for my birthday so I was not responsible for the check. 

We made it a night of the things I love best: carbs, cheese and wine. First up, two different pastas, plus one brought out on the house (grazie!). To be honest, it was a couple months ago so I can't remember the exact details, but suffice to say that any pasta you order in any Vetri restaurant will be superb. The bottle of red that was recommended by our server also went perfectly with our meal. 

Next up, the parma pizza with two types of cheeses, arugula and prosciutto. Need I say more? We also splurged and ordered the lombarda, with two cheeses, sausage and a baked egg in the center. Delicious. 

For dessert we shared two different confections and once again the exact details escape me. But honestly, this is probably the one area that I could leave out of a future dinner in favor of an after-dinner drink or a nice cappuccino instead (both of which we had anyway - birthday girl, remember?). 

Osteria is a beautiful restaurant that may be par for the course for some but special occasion for others. Since I reside firmly in the latter category, I eagerly await my next visit.
Osteria is everything I want from an Italian restaurant and a lot of things that most people wouldn't expect. The place itself is absolutely gorgeous with that rustic osteria feel, farmhouse door wood tables, clay dishes and paper place mats. We were situated at a table right next to the antipasti prep station which had me directly next to a deli slicer which was being used to output some outrageously fragrant, cured meats. Coupled with the constant opening of bottles of wine next to my nose, I was in heaven.

Seeing that Vetri himself was in the kitchen keeping an eye on the pizzas, we started with the 'Lombarda' a pie consisting of baked egg, bitto cheese, mozzarella, and cotechino sausage. I have never experienced a more perfect crust, wafer thin and crunchy and cooked as well as it could possibly get without being too brown. The combination of the bitto, mozzarella, a slightly salty sauce and the zest of the sausage made for an incredible experience of sweet and sour. The antipasti we ordered (a special that night) was mediocre, three tiny slices of baguette with grilled escarole and a slice of marinated mozzarella in the center, it was delicious but not exactly what I was expecting.

We proceeded to order the rib eye with borlotti bean schiacciata and capon chicken with parsnips and chestnut stuffing as our entrees. The steak was so unbelievably flavorful and literally melted like butter on the tongue. It was cooked to perfection (ordered medium) with a crisp outside and juicy pink center. The chicken was also expertly cooked seemingly poached as it also melted in the mouth. The accompanying stuffing was baked as a casserole and was outrageously sweet while still staying savory from the chicken stock used.

For dessert we ordered the 'chocolate flan' with pistachio gelato which isn't really a flan, but more of a lava cake. Also ordered was the polenta budino, supposedly a staple of the restaurant and it lived up to the hype. A delicate italian style rice pudding served in a mug topped with gianduia which is a stunning mixture of hazlenuts and chocolate and a caramelized sugar crust. Our server also sent over a sampler plate of all of the housemade gelatos and sorbets as she notcied the birthday cards I had left opened on the table. Outrageous flavors like kiwi, pomegranate, amaretto and hazlenut were situated in heaping creamy scoops on a plate adorned with pizzelles.

The service as noted before is very accommodating and helpful with a great knowledge of the food and wine list. We enjoyed an Italian cabernet with our meal whose name and vineyard escapes me right now. All in all, Osteria is a substantial step forward for Marc Vetri and I will be returning soon to experience the pastas he offers.

EDIT: Just wanted to add that I realized my visit to Osteria was on their 1-year anniversary. A lot of the kinks that previous reviewers experienced seem to have been worked out and the restaurant was running like a well oiled machine.
While Osteria is no longer part of the Vetri group or Urban Outfitters, my visit was straight out of the Vetri era. Superb food, professional staff, top notch atmosphere and all-around package were the name of the game.

I had the privilege to dine in the Wine Room. This room seats 30 and overlooks Broad Street. Despite overlooking Broad Street, it was all class on wine cellars on the inside. Our experience started with light bites and bubbly. When not seated, it almost got tight in there for a group of 20 or so to mingle. Once seated, the space was perfect. 

Having a set menu made dining quite easy, because I'm not sure where to have begun otherwise. Our family style meal gave us (what I can only imagine) was the highlights of Osteria. We had five course meal that allowed for great sampling without filling up too quickly.

The pizza course consisted of margherita (tomato, basil, mozzarella) and parma (fontina, arugula, prosciutto di parma). Our antipasti consisted of insalata misticanza (parmigiano, focaccia croccante, aged balsamic) and wood grilled octopus (cured lemon, potato, chive). The first course was pasta with candele wild boar Bolognese and postage stamp ravioli. The main course was eggplant Milanese and grilled ribeye Fiorentina (wood roasted turnip, farmer greens, porcini).  Dessert was polenta budino and gelatos.

 It was an excellent mix of food, but the pastas and octopus were standout for me. I'm sure everything would've been delicious if I went in and ordered ala carte, but the entire experience was top notch. I wish I knew what kind of red wine I was drinking, but I was constantly topped off and able to enjoy a sip with my food. 

Osteria is now a Michael Schulson restaurant with James Beard winning Chef, Jeff Michaud keeping his position in the Osteria kitchen. I have no doubt this will continue to be one of the finer establishments in Philadelphia for the rest of its existence.
What a complete disaster.
Drinks were horribly over priced
Ordered the octopus pizza. Instead of slicing the octopus the piza came with large hunks of the fish on top. Of course when bitten the whole chunk came off in one bite. Very poorly executed! 
I ordered the rabbit. Very small portion, taste was just eh. I have had so much better.
My partner ordered the chicken breast. I was aghast when it came. Someone seem to pour olive oil all over the breast of chicken. It was just soaked with the oil. We sent it back. Did not want to order anything else. The whole evening was such a let down.
Too many other places to go to in Philly.

Very disappointing.
robiola francobolli with royal trumpet mushrooms and thyme
polenta budino with gianduia mousse and candied hazelnuts

The above words are not mere words.  They represent things that are creative and delicious.  Highly recommended.

On the action-movie-parallel-satisfaction scale, this place is Die Hard: With a Vengeance playing on your laptop while you sit in an IMAX theatre playing Kill Bill Vol. 1.
There's only one thing that could make me regret eating at Osteria this past Friday...and that, my friends, is the fact that I'd eaten too damn much over the previous 48 hours and my stomach just wouldn't/couldn't accommodate all of the dishes I would have loved to devour. 

Upon entering Osteria, your nose and eyes are dually assaulted by the wonderfully wafting scent and dark - yet vibrant - exultation of wood grilled/paneled decadence. Osteria lives up to its names sake as a classy pub frequented on blustery cold days. 

The fig and onion caramelle with gorgonzola dolce fonduta featured pasta so thin that it reminded me - and forgive me for this analogy - of the translucent skin of...well...just about everybody over the age of 65. The slight crunch of the fig innards blended smoothly with caramelized onions to form slightly sweet bon-bons in pasta form. The spritz of olive oil added an earthy feel making this dish seem more hearty than it actually was. 

The pumpkin and amaretti torta offered a gorgeous breeding of tiramisu and pumpkin cake. The sponge-y "torta" piece was moist and light, complimented by the fluffy, creamy amaretti layer on top. The cinnamon stracciatella gelato had bits of crunchy chocolate and cinnamon bits interspersed throughout adding yet another punch of texture to an already amazing dessert.
I'll have to say the boyfriend and I had a lovely dinner here for his birthday. We split an appetizer, then a pizza, and then each had two more courses (both pasta for vegetarian me) and split a dessert. We started the night with a lovely sparkling ,and then a few glasses of Multipultiano. Let's just say, we were increadibly stuffed when we left. All the food was very  tasty, and presented well. The service, overall, was great (though the woman who brought out the birthday-candled dessert didn't know who it went to or what it was for - a birthday, stupid!). And the atmosphere and our table in the main room were lovely. 

I know it's not fair to compare restaurants, but the pasta at last year's boy birthday dinner, when we dined at Vetri, actually made me cry it was so delicious. Osteria's pasta was good, but not transcendent. And while we maybe had an extra course, we spent the same amount of money, which was a lot. Maybe I'm just  stingy, but for a restaurant this expensive to get five stars from me there better be tears in my pasta.
I need my half-stars, Yelp - I'm just saying it's time to be able to award half stars here-  Sometimes a girl just needs a half, you know? That being said, Osteria, is a 3.5 for me.

 Another over-hyped restaurant that might have been at the height of its hey-day a couple years ago.   Like similar restaurants that have experienced much acclaim, followed by a slow backlash, Osteria is another Italian restaurant that is trying to maintain its once-glowing status and relevancy in a sea of more affordable, and equally-as-good Italian BYOBs.

Excellent, on-point service, save for the less than friendly, obviously bored sommelier and the aloof bartenders.  The atmosphere is decidedly and disappointingly a lot more casual than one would expect. 

The first thing that strikes one is that the entire restaurant space and layout needs to be seriously re-evaluated.  Osteria is huge and the space and flow of the restaurant is very poorly conceived.  There is major congestion right as you enter, and the bar is awkwardly located right in the middle of two dining rooms, past the open kitchen.  Attempting to navigate between the spaces is a total traffic nightmare!  (although, as an aside,  they have lovely, clean bathrooms)  The best dining space is in the extended outdoor conservatory dining room, the rest of the dining spaces are split in three and they are tightly packed with tables with a scorching high noise level.

The menu has Vetri brilliance, here and there, especially in the pasta dishes.  The rest of the menu, and for the price tag, does not live up to the Vetri hype.  Nothing on the antipasti menu ever has blown me away, and the Pizza (always hailed as some of the best pizza around), is good, yes, but nothing that knocks your socks off.  In all seriousness, this pizza is maybe only a notch better than pizza at Pietro's.  The pasta, as expected, is really what shines.   Whichever dish you choose, you cannot go wrong there.   

Lastly, they serve one of my favorite deserts ever: the polenta budino with gianduia mousse and candied hazelnuts - if you're a fan of any of these ingredients, I command you to order this!  The cold polenta, and the sweet and salty mix of flavors with the mousse and hazelnuts is downright heavenly.

As you know this place isn't a cheap night out. With cocktails, wine, appetizer & pizza to split, two main dishes and desert to to split for 2 will cost you a pretty penny .  This place, despite some high points, just isn't all that it is cracked up to be (or perhaps once was).  If you're ready to spend, go right ahead, but I'd recommend going to any one of the amazing Italian BYOBs we have at our disposal instead.
Excellent meal! I may have just experienced one of the most simple yet perfectly balanced and Delicious bites when I tried the mini cheese ravioli w porcini mushrooms butter and sage. Also, I loved the chicken liver pasta- hearty, rich pasta that takes you back to a childhood/ homey feeling- comfort food. Wow! I was in love with the pasta dishes... Then came the suckling pig! Mmm good!! Moist and flavorful with some cracklin! To finish the night, I had the banana gelato - it was just delightful.

I was impressed by this place. I expected it to be good and it was great! Not to mention we had impeccable service. Our waitress Kelly was so friendly and a great waitress.

I highly recommend and I will be back!!
My husband and I visited Philadelphia the last week of July and visited Osteria on recommendations from Frommer's Guide and a business Client from the area.  It was a Sunday evening and, surprisingly, the place wasn't very busy probably because of the storm that was brewing outside.  But.....oh my gosh....from the service to the dessert, everything here was absolutely amazing.  

The restaurant is warm and cozy with a very rustic feel and beautiful decor throughout.  Though the tables were close together, you didn't get the feeling that you were being eavesdropped on by diners sitting next to you.  Kathleen was our waitress and she was friendly, helpful and very knowledgeable.  

For the appetizer, we shared Grilled Clams with Charred Squid, Lemons and Chilis.  The Clams melted in your mouth and the Squid was perfectly cooked.  Both the Clams and Squid absorbed the flavors of the lemon and chilis perfectly.  We also shared an off-the-menu most amazing Arugula Salad with Heirloom tomatoes with an amazing vinaigrette dressing that was neither too acidic nor too oily.  Very light and flavorful. 

My husband had the Special...a Roasted Duck with Duck Skin Chicharones.  The skin on the duck was crispy as were the Chicharones and the duck was tender and succulent.  If he could have, he would have licked his plate clean.  I had the Polenta Gnocchetti with Chanterelle Mushrooms, Brown Butter and Parmigiano.  Kathleen told us that the pastas were all made in-house and it was very evident from the first bite.  The Gnochetti's practically melted in your mouth.  The Chantrelle Mushrooms added just enough earthiness to compliment the Brown Butter.  

For dessert, we shared a platter of 3 gelattos--Pistachio, Lemon Verbena and Peach.  All were made fresh that day as well and were awesome.  

When we plan our next trip to Philadelphia, we will definitely go back.
Deliciousness is found here!   I have been on a Mark Vetri kick and was compelled to visit this long-standing outpost of his located on an otherwise undistinguished block of North Broad Street.  I do admire these frontiersman who are pushing good cuisine into yet-to-be-gentrified pockets of the City.

Most recently, I visited for lunch.   The restaurant is large (almost cavernous feeling) and nicely appointed.  Valet service is offered, which is a lovely amenity for a part of town with bona fife parking challenges.  

I ordered the veggie appetizer as my entree and it was sublime.  The center of the plate contained a fluffy pile of perfectly dressed arugula.  The arugula was so fresh and perfect that it could have been just-picked.  The veggies (chef's selection of 10; changes daily) included two kinds of beets, caramelized onions, roasted peppers and rutabagas.   I was in veggie heaven.  Notably, I could not finish the plate even though I hate leaving veggies behind.

My BFF, who was a foodie before it was stylish, ordered and swooned over the liver rigatoni.  

BTW, the bread basket, which includes obviously handmade, skinny Italian breadsticks, was notable.   Even those of us avoiding white carbs were compelled to indulge and we have no remorse about the decision.
Octopus pizza: was ok. Pizza didn't really need the octopus. Didn't really add anything.

Margarita pizza: not enough cheese for my liking but crust was good.

Parma: was excellent

Vegetable antipasta special: revolved around beets so have to like beets. It was very good. 

Service: good. No complaints.
Osteria has so much insane hype (thanks to the Vetri machine) so it's hard to not get amped up for your trip here.

This is what I experienced: it's good, some is borderline great, good wine list (but very overpriced), mostly good waitstaff, and a trendy vibe in a crummy area of the city.

The pizzas and pastas are what Osteria is known for.  The pastas are almost all excellent.  Only Modo Mio has matched the expertise for me so far in Philly.  The pizzas are...well, they are wood-fired, super thin, and somewhat flimsy/soggy due to the sauce.  I personally liked the Lombarda pizza but I was expecting more out of it after waiting 2 years to try it.

My big issue is that before I came I read about 15 reviews stating the same thing: too expensive and small portions. 

Note to Philadelphia suburbanites: JUST BECAUSE YOU ARE USED TO EATING AT APPLEBEE'S AND BERTUCCI'S AND CAN'T TELL THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN AMERICAN AND MOZZARELLA CHEESE, STOP COMPLAINING ABOUT SIZE AND COST AT FINE RESTAURANTS.

Ahem.  Seriously, when suburbanites do the one thing they are scared to do (venture into the BIG CITY) they expect a meal that costs upwards of $60 per person to do the following:

1) Repair their fractured marriage of 20 years
2) Turn their community college drop out children into Ivy League investment bankers
3) Allow them to experience Nirvana

If it doesn't accomplish these things, the meal is suddenly overpriced and a waste of time.

Osteria, I apologize for using my review of your restaurant to yell at people.
The reservations staff squeezed us in same-day, and thank god they did: Everything about Osteria was lovely. The enclosed dining patio that reminded me of a solarium, the friendly professional staff, the delicious upscale Italian cuisine, the effervescent drink the bartender makes with Pimm's... The light, crispy crusted Trentino pizza (split 3 ways) was excellent, though I would not have complained if there was even more gorgonzola on it to compliment the sweetness of the fig and the subtle mozzarella. The wood-grilled octopus was amazing, tender and not at all chewy, served with a little greenery and some perfectly cooked bits of lemony potato. The fried Jewish artichoke hearts were as good as you'll get in Italy; salty, olive oily, and a little crispy. The squash tortelli with sage was light and delicate, the little pasta bundles perfectly cooked (a little beyond al dente) just the way I like it. The reserve cheese plate is positively orgasmic and portioned to share; 3 of us happily worked our way through the delicious assortment of mostly hard cheeses, with grissini breadsticks and an array of unique fruity accompaniments (blueberry sauce, a sort of gelled apricot square etc). Ladies, watch the hallway to the restroom--the tile floor is pretty slick and not high-heel friendly. No, I didn't fall on my ass, but it could happen! If it did, the deferential, yet-never-obsequious staff would have picked me up, dusted me off, and showed me to the restroom with their best it aint no thang smile. 

PS: If you have an expense account, USE. IT.
We were in town visiting my cousin and heading to Wells Fargo for a concert and I was trying to find a nice place to have dinner before that was easy to meet up but not exactly on top of the concert venue because it was also an Eagles playoff game night.  It was a FREEEZING cold evening so Italian seemed like the right cuisine to warm our bones so here came.  Our reservation was for 545 and it was completely empty.  (I guess in the city world this was considered early bird, it was pretty full when we left) My cousin hadn't arrived and though they were able to seat us I thought it would be fun to grab a drink at the bar.  I love sitting at bars sometimes.  You get a good insight to the area from the bartender and its fun to watch your drinks being made.  This particular bar, not so much.  The bartender seemed distracted and not interested in serving us.  She tossed a menu our way and I was checking out the craft cocktails.  When I asked her what her recommendation was she simply shrugged and pointed at the first 3.  Okay. So I picked a prosecco cocktail.  My husband chose a bourbon one.  The cocktails were tasty but pretty pricey.  Mine was $13 I think and his was $13 or $14.  I don't mind paying for a good cocktail but these were underwhelming especially with the cold service.  My cousin then arrived and we were sat out in the little closed in "patio" which I thought was a nice area.  There were trees and twinkle lights and it was warm so it made me feel like summer.  We were greeted shortly and our server was so nice.  Made me feel so much better about our bar experience.  Also the other servers nearby were great too.  They came by and offered us menu suggestions and more water when we needed it.  We were brought a bread basket and some dipping oil - All wonderful and then we placed our order.  I ordered a salad to share which was just okay.  Not bad, just not for me.  It was the insalata misticanza which had
parmigiano, focaccia croccante, aged balsamic.  The greens were the dark bitter greens and with the balsamic to me it was too bitter.  My husband ate it up though so good for him lol.  For my meal I chose the candele with wild boar bolognese.  One of the servers said all of the pastas could come in a half size but when I ordered mine half she said "Oh that's one of them that don't come in half size" Okay no worries, I can share.  It was super good.  The pasta here is clearly homemade and it was the perfect texture.  My sauce wasn't really saucy but more meaty but it was a hearty, stick to your ribs meal.  Perfect for a cold night.  My cousin got the chicken liver rigatoni. - Also yummy but not my favorite.  My favorite dish was my husbands.  He got the bucatini carbonara with
pork belly, scallop, cured egg yolk.  OMG whatever that sauce was it was PERFECT.  It was kind of tangy yet creamy but not heavy.  Just wonderful.  I kept sneaking bites from his plate and trying to discreetly replace them with my fatter noodles with wild boar...gig was up pretty quickly once he tasted my heavier meal mixed in with his lighter dish. Luckily he's a sharing kind of guy and he let me finish off his plate.  
For dessert we chose the brioche bombolone & affogato whick came with three donuts, chocolate almond gelato & malted almond milk that I believe we were supposed to dip in? I don't know it was all very pretty and a pretty yummy end to a filling meal.  
All in all this was a good dining experience.  I'd definitely recommend this place for a wonderful Italian meal...minus the cocktail.  Get a beer or glass of wine instead.
Had dinner in N Philly on a rainy night. Luckily, there was parking around the corner. On a nonuniform street of grit, next to a church, is Mark Vetri's second restaurant. An extremely warm atrium abutting the main dining room causes the patron seated there to walk a good minute before reaching the low-lit table adorned with small vase and fresh flowers. it is romantic and warm (pun intended!) off came the shawl.

Parusso Barolo---$21 for a glass (ahhhhh..dreams of Piedmont). Oversight on our part. Too rich for our blood!

Bread basket came with only olive oil...super fresh. Delicious.

Ciareghi sausage (wild boar) with polenta and a quail egg---the polenta was still very relaxed and we found it a bit too oily.

I tried the candele pasta with boar ragout. Great chew on the gnarled thick carb, and the sauce was very tasty, though could have done with tad more liquid....that ragout.

He had the cod entree, which was cooked well, but very very light in flavor profile with its accompaniments.

Dinner was satisfying. We were hoping for blow-me-away. Still, for a mid-week meal, place sure was buzzin!

PS bathroom is looong haul, alongside the kitchen, if not seated in the main dining.
Restaurant week review. I first want to point out that the restaurant week menu is a little deceiving. It makes it sound as if each person gets the four courses when in fact you share everything with the table. The portion sizes are adjusted to the amount of people at the table, so the amount of food you get is still very good for the price. However, the main problem with this is picking the fourth course when you have two people with different dietary needs. For example, I don't eat meat, I eat fish, and my wife loves pork chops. Therefore, I added the Branzino which increased the overall price.

Let me start with the service. Our server Katie was wonderful. She explained everything about the menu and was extremely pleasant. There was always someone to replace the water bottle on the table and to replace the dishes after finishing a course. My only issue was the dessert which for some reason took awhile to get to us and it was only three scoops of sorbet. 

Now for the food:

First Course
- Vegetable Antipasti - Wood roasted vegetables (beets, tomatoes, Padron peppers). Good taste, but nothing too exciting. Some of the peppers were under cooked and the beets were nothing special.
- Artichokes "Alla Griglia" - One of the highlights of the meal. The artichokes were cooked perfectly and the creamy mozzarella underneath was delicious. 

Second Course
-  Charred Octopus - One of my favorite foods and unfortunately this wasn't done well. Over cooked with a nasty char taste on the ends. Some of the pieces were tough and a few were cooked fine.

Third Course (pasta)
- Saffron Paccheri - This had bits of swordfish and almonds in a red sauce. This was excellent and the almond crunch with every bite was wonderful. I actually think this would be fine without the swordfish which was good but not great.
- Ravioli - These were good, but needed something more like the almonds in the other pasta dish. There were olives, but not enough. The ravioli itself was tasty and the filling (Eggplant and Mozzarella) had a lot of flavor.

Fourth Course 
- Pork Chops - My wife thought this were good and very tender, but she didn't care for the Favetta which she said was bland.
- Branzino - The meat was cooked perfectly and had a wonderful taste. However, I thought the skin could have been more crispy and the lemon sauce was uninspiring.  

Dessert
- Peach, Blueberry, and Dark Chocolate Sorbet - Some of the best Sorbet I've had. Full of flavor and delicious. 

They have a large wine menu, but we chose two of their specialty cocktails which were excellent. The place itself is nice, but some of the tables were too close to others and the noise level can be high. Overall a good experience.
Wow. This was some seriously fantastic Italian cuisine for a fair price. I ate lunch with a group of coworkers, and everything that came out was fantastic.  My chicken liver rigatoni was a hearty portion, well worth the $16, and I would highly recommend it. I also tried the wood grilled octopus, which came out perfectly cooked, and not at all rubbery.  The pizza was thin crust, and is just right for a single person.  The postage stamp ravioli looked good, but the portion was quite small, so keep that in mind if you want to try it. 

The service was very good, as our server was helpful and cheery throughout our meal. The atmosphere was quiet, although it was a slow weekday lunch. The decor was very nice, particularly Overall, I had a great experience.
Every review I read lately I think everyone tries to be a critic... trying to break down every dish they have and run home to their Mac and log onto Yelp, it takes away from the experience guys..  It's like people  break down the sauce that was served on the ravioli's like they are writing for Saveur Magazine.  "The sauce was creamy, rich, but delicate and spicy with a ting of lemon zest that  left my tongue craving for more" Give it a rest. ... I just say, "shit was good and I couldn't stop eating it"

Osteria is good,  real good, not great.  No misses on anything I ate and I have been here a few times.  Last night was the old mans birthday dinner.  We had a few pizzas, the antipasti, and pasta.  The food is very spot on and in my opinion this place is as good as Vetri(see my review) for about 1/3 of the price.  Service is better at Vetri but I like how there is a bar here.

Bottom line, high end Italian that is not cheap but prob top 3 Italian restaurants in the city.
FANTASTIC!!!!! I never know what to expect when eating at an Italian restaurant, seeing as how I lived there for so long and have my own idea of what that cuisine should be. Osteria NAILED IT!  We started with this appetizer of grilled clams and calimari with chiles and vinegar that was just sublime! the seafood was cut into smaller ribbons and grilled, and dressed to perfection! Extra points for being served in a large clam shell. My son went for the margherita pizza. it's a simple pizza, but easy to mess up since there's only a few ingredients. This was an awesome rendition of the classic, exactly what it should be and nothing else. Perfectly thin and very crispy crust, great sauce, perfect amount of mozzarella and basil. I went for the brain and corn ravioli "doppio", that were just insanely good. the filling was velvety and smooth, and the corn and brown butter they were tossed in gave the ravioli the right level of sweet and nutty taste it needed. We also had a great dessert with this cake, toffee sauce, rum cream and raisins that was also killer. Just a great all around meal with perfect service and killer food. can't WAIT to go back!
$132 for 2 people (including tax and 20% tip)

1. wood grilled octopus w/ arugula - just okay
2. chicken live rigatoni - really really good (homemade rigatoni) i recomend
3. rabbit w/ polenta - just okay (good portion)
4. sunchoke ravioli w/ black truffles - sm. portion, but AMAZING i recommend
5. blackberry budino - darn good (high quality chocolate used) i recommend
6. 1 beer 1 glass of wine

smart, rustic interior, professional and knowledgeable staff & management.

TIP: ask your server if half portions are available for a dish if you really wanna try it.  we got the chicken live rigatoni ($10) as a half portion even though it's not listed on the menu.
We anxiously awaited the opening of this restaurant since it was a mere 2 blocks from our house.  Call us unprepared, but when we first went the prices were shocking.  I have never been to Vetri but Osteria was billed as the affordable little brother.  I guess I was expecting something actually affordable.  You can go in and get a pizza and some pasta and make it out for a reasonable amount.  
But I dont want to pay $75 for pizza and an appetizer.  

But the space is pretty cool, and the food is mostly house-made.  I was amazed when the waiter went over the list of what they made in-house.  They have a regular bar and a bar near the kitchen, but there's a big wall up that you stare at between you and the kitchen so its not really that cool.  I know they now have a patio between them and the church along Broad street which I haven't checked out but it looks neat.  There are plenty of potted plants to drown out Broad street.  

Reservations are essential especially now that James Beard gave it best new restaurant.  Check it out for yourself, especially if you like authentic Italian but be prepared to spend a lot.
I went here once, recently, for a celebratory dinner, and I have to say, I really like this place.  My only gripe is that it's too expensive for me to eat there on a normal basis, but that's only because I'm a poor grad student and I can't afford to go out to eat most places...

Anyway, Osteria is a classy restaurant, is totally gorgeous inside, and the owners are among the brave pioneers trying to revive N. Broad Street.  The place even has a sommelier, who is very nice and seemed very attentive to the people who could actually afford wine.  I contented myself with my favorite beer - Duchesse du Burgogne, a Flemish sour which I was surprised they had.  They have a decent beer selection, and the wine selection is, of course, really good.

Aside from cool decor and upscale ambiance, the food was fantastic.  My boyfriend and I split a pizza as an appetizer, which was thin and crispy like pizzas are made in Italy.  It had cheese on it with fresh arugula and prosciuto - delicious!  Next came the main course.  I got oven-baked skate with crispy capers and parsnip puree.  I had never had skate before, and it was amazing!  It's a flaky white fish (resembling a small stingray when it's alive), and Osteria cooked it to perfection.  I'd definitely eat that again.  My boyfriend got lamb, which was also very good, but I liked the skate better.  

Last came dessert - a little molten chocolate cake with pistacchio gelato.  Yum.

If I had money, I'd eat here all the time (and not only because it's about a block from my apartment).  I could live off their pizza, which is heads and shoulders above normal pizza.  If I were a business person, I'd definitely take clients here.  A+ in my book.
I've been wanting to try this place since moving to Philly over a year ago; finally made it over Christmas break. Street parking was easy to find, they also have valet, and it's enough on the subway. Getting into the sketchier end of Broad St tho, so use your discretion on getting there.

The decor was nice, very wine cellar-y, very chill. Our waiter was very well versed in the offerings, and was eager to help us all decide on what to order, going through descriptions of many dishes before we made up our minds. 

The food was all delicious. We sampled a lot of pasta dishes, and a pizza. The pastas were very well made, delicate but al dente, the sauces and whatnot were very flavorful. And the servings were teeny. Three of us got half pasta orders (for what we thought would be half price) so that we could try more than one dish. When the bill came, they were a little more than half price, and when I asked the waiter about it, he said it was because the servings were a little more than half. Which, while should have been explained at the onset, made me wonder what a full portion would look like and if I'd want to pay full price for it. The pizza was a good size and very tasty, and if I go back I already know I want to try the zucca pizza.

So, predictably small portions for the $$$, but at least the food left me wanting more. There were lots of tempting things on the menu, which, if I could afford to eat more of it, would probably have left me happily satiated.
This was the best meal I had since our honeymoon in Italy.  I have asked my husband countless times to go back. The fried artichokes are the best, make sure you ask for them as soon as you sit down since they run out all the time.  Great atmosphere, my picky husband even enjoys going.  Great wine selection.   Call for a reservation, you will not be disappointed.
Italian food and carbs are basically the downfall of my diets. I love them too much to ever give them up and Osteria would only make this statement ever more true. It was about a month ago that I came here with the boyfriend since he came here before and raved about how much he loved Marc Vetri's restaurants! The service was great and I enjoyed every minute of our date. We were seated in the small area of the restaurant that is glass enclosed close to windows which I love anyway. 

We started the meal with the usual bread basket that came with an assortment of bread and it also came with bread sticks too! I am a sucker for popovers and breadsticks. Hehe. Then came our pizza. We had the cacio e pepe with sheep milk ricotta. I loved it. Honestly, for me, the crust makes the pizza. Living in brooklyn all my life, I am accustomed to that thin crust pizza where you bite into it and you hear that crunch. Oh my..so honestly, any pizza was great! But when we also ordered the baked snails and cardoons in puff pastry. Like I said, carbs are my life. I love snails and escargot and to wrap them in a puff pastry. I may have just died and gone to heaven..hopefully they serve that there. The pastry was so crisp and had so many layers and the snail was just baked to perfection. Then came our pasta dishes. The veal and sweetbread agnolotti and chicken liver rigatoni with cipollni onions and sage and lastly came the special of the day which was a roast suckling pig special. It was basically every part of the pig in small portions and when you put man with a pig together, you have a marriage for life. My boyfriend loved that dish so much. The pastas were delicious - especially the veal and sweetbread agnolotti with pockets of lush and decadent goodness. The rigatoni was good too but the agnolotti was really the star pasta for me. By this point, we were both comfortably stuffed so we decided to share a dessert and ended up getting the coconut pannacotta. It was both beautiful in presentation and a great palate cleanser for the night! 

Overall, I would most definitely come back here again for the pasta and the beautifully done pizza - without a doubt!
Osteria was my birthday dinner with the babe.  And it was fantastic!   Seriously if I were served an ill meal on my birthday there would have been hell to pay.  Mark Vetri's little expensive pizza place came through luckily...for everyone.  We got in to the place around 7:20 and our reservations were at 7:45 but the very nice hostess who was ALL business said we could be seated early.  The place was bumping on a rainy Saturday night.  I was impressed with the large space and the bistro type atmosphere.  They sat us at a small table next to the window that opened to the garden room and there were these humungoid sunflowers sitting on the windowsill.  I do not think I have ever noticed the physical attributes of a restaurant before mainly because I am always so concerned with eating. 

So, the cute waiter in glasses greeted us right away.  He brought us yummo foccia and skinny bread sticks to munch on while we mulled over what to drink.  Every single person in the place was drinking wine except for the preggo lady next to me so we said "eff it, let's do martinis."  As usual, I got the vodka and he the gin and they were so wonderful.  Honestly, for a wine place, one of the best martinis I have had other than at Davios.   The pizza at Osteria is always talked about and Mark Summers from Double Dare fame said it was the greatest pizza he's ever eaten, so I ordered based on his opinion, which I hold to a high regard.  The pizza was so thin, you could literally see through it.  The cheese had a different taste than I have experienced in the states...it literally tasted like mozzarella from my Nonna's region in Italy.  We devoured the pizza, but in an appropriate way.  We then ordered one of the special pasta dishes to share, which was a linguine type noodle with melted goat cheese and baby tomatoes...again amazing.  For our entrees were ordered the grouper and the salmon and again, amazing.  The Salmon had a crispy skin with some sea salt sprinkled on top.  It was served with the smallest and cutest zucchinis I have ever seen. The boy's Grouper had leeks and corn as accompaniments.  After our second round of martinis and gorging on the delicious meal, it was time to go.  Why make myself more full and risk the chance of yacking to get dessert?  We had plans to kill a few bottles of wine anyway for my birthday celebration.  

I really recommend Osteria as it's a great date/group place if you have some extra cash to spend.  Well done!
Well with all of the good reviews here I was completely surprised by the fact dinner was so absolutely bad.  The atmosphere is nice somewhat "soho-ish" with a cozy feel.  The service was average and since we arrived early and the place only about 1/3 full I was a bit taken aback.

We ordered a vegetable appetizer which was only warm and the grilled octopus was chewy.  For entres the chicken with capers was overcooked and not a single caper to be found.  Reminded me of a boiled chicken breast tossed on a plate.   I had had the duck which was also overcooked and lacking in flavor.

The wine selection was also average but with a heavy markup. A $25 bottle was about $100.  The Italian wines selection was better (as you would imagine) it was not great.   

I don't think much about the cost of a fine meal unless it is sub-par.  This was just plain amateur bad.

Perhaps it was a bad night but when dinner for 2 is over $200 I do not believe in second chances.  When you play at that level consistency is king.  Vetri should investigate why his kitchen is up and down.

Pick someplace else.
Perfetto.

It's now Monday morning and I still have the afterglow of eating at Osteria.  The meal, which I will describe, was pure bliss.

We began with the Lombarda pizza which was nothing short of stellar.  The baked egg in the center upped the richness while the sausage and perfect sauce acted as mere accents to the perfectly baked dough.  This was outrageously good.

Dinner consisted of the chicken liver rigatoni and the rabbit casalinga.  I have always found chicken liver to be extremely rich and sometimes overbearing.  This pasta however spread the richness out into a velvet blanket of flavor that coated each and every noodle in the dish.  It was served in a very cool bowl and as we took additional bites, we continued to exclaim how amazing it was.

The rabbit was perfectly cooked.  I'm guessing it was roasted and the drippings were used in the polenta.  The whole dish was wrapped in such ridiculous flavor that alongside the pasta, we had complete and utter flavor overload.

This restaurant is both big and beautiful.  The wall at the bar is made to look like a number of wine cases in a collage.  The servers were so knowledgeable and we weren't rushed in any way.  I think this restaurant has some real devotees because the couple next to us dropped eaves on what we were ordering and then gave their recommendations.  Food creepers.

I had high expectations and they were exceeded.

I'm going back next week with the rents.
Osteria has nutella pizza.  Yes.  It rocked my world. 
It's on the kids lunch menu, but they'll still make it for you if you're over 12 years old or are there for dinner.
One of my all time favs.  Awesome (but potentially dangerous to order price unseen) wine selection with your own somellier, cozy atmosphere & a menu that always makes you ask the server questions unless you're fluent in Italian.  

I most recently tried the lobster antipasti (grapefruit, lobster & pasta - very fresh & tangy) and the monkfish (sans speck & lentils - I don't eat "meat") and a side of spinach & potato gratin.  The gratin could have been a meal all to itself.  Both a perfect warm meal in the winter weather. 

The butternut squash postage stamp ravioli were not on the menu this visit but, they have left a permanent mark in my memory and can still make my mouth water just thinking about them.  Buttery, melt in your mouth pasta deliciousness.
Delicious and terrific.  Truly a neighborhood gem because up until recently, there wasn't much else there except the Subway and this place STILL stands out against Route 6 and Alla Spina.

I was here before about a year ago with out of town friends who ordered lots of food I couldn't eat and I still dreamed of going back.  This time, I went with a friend who didn't care about meat and my dreams came true.

We ordered the antipasti plate to order.  Unfortunately, our server had it made for 1 person instead of two but he seemed a little off and I won't hold that totally against the restaurant.  

Before I even continue about the food, I want to comment on how amazingly accommodating the chefs were to my dietary needs.  I wanted everything without nuts and without meat and they acted like this was their pleasure!  Amazing!

The Antipasti Plate to order was well presented and gave us a taste of every vegetarian antipasti.  Perfectly seasoned, pickled and prepared.  

The Porcini Salad was enough for one person, but not really to share.  The pears and mushrooms went well together, and not something I would have thought would have tasted good so that was a surprise.  

We also had the Zucca pizza.  Best zucchini pizza I have ever had.  Hands down.  Delicious.  The cheese was sweet and the squash was sweet and the rest of the pizza was savory so it melded perfectly together.

The fried cauliflower antipasti was ordered as an afterthought because we were still hungry.  It was green and black which was weird but tasted really super fantastic.  It was served in an anchovy sauce and they alerted me to this since I had dietary needs, which was super nice of them to remember and act on it.  

Gripes:  Small plates, waiter who was basically afraid of me and my friend and did not have an antipasti plate to SHARE made for two, and not nearly enough chocolate on the dessert menu.
Opted to try Osteria for an Anniversary dinner.  Based on all the hype this place had a lot to live up to, and we both agree it delivered.  Price isn't really a factor I consider for infrequent meals like this; you know it is going to be expensive and you need to just brace for that and enjoy the food & experience.  

While overall I would not rate this as one of the "top" meals I've ever had, there were a few exceptional dishes to single out.

First, the grilled octopus with lemon: the octopus was perfectly cooked, with a slight char and crispiness on the outside.  The smokey wood flavor paired with the acidic bite of the cured lemon was killer.  Definitely the most memorable octopus dish I've had anywhere.  Along with fresh Sicilian Lemonade, it was a solid way to kick things off.  

The parma pizza with fontina and prosciutto was also excellent.  Rich and salty, but thin enough that it wasn't too much to eat before the pasta and meat dishes.  I liked the extra drizzle of olive oil on top.  

Of all the other courses, what specifically stood out was the quality of the pasta (although I would have appreciated slightly larger portions).  They know what they are doing with pasta...and don't skimp on the butter.  The dish with trumpet mushrooms was something else.  

Actually a bit disappointed in the rabbit dish.  The meat could have been more exciting, and the polenta was just eh (but then again, most polenta is just eh, so maybe my fault for ordering).

The service was just fine...I'm never very interested in grading service and try not to let it influence an appreciation for what the chef is doing.  The sommelier did seem to take himself pretty seriously, but, that's just his job, and I'm sure some people are expecting supreme patronage at restaurants like this.  

Overall, Osteria was very impressive from start to finish.  We had a great evening, and will definitely be back.
There seem to be some really negative reviews of Osteria related to the service and the quality/portion size of the food, but I have nothing but positive things to say about my recent experience.  The lady and I stopped in for dinner last night and enjoyed a lovely meal and drinks.  

We started off at the bar for a glass of Prosecco, which was crisp and refreshing and were whisked away almost immediately to our table.  We debated our meal choices for a few minutes, which I'd attribute to the many appealing items on the menu.

We shared the Pecorino Flan and the Barbabietole pizza to start.  Both were tasty, though the pizza was larger than we were expecting and we subsequently ate more than was necessary or advisable.

Next up was a couple of pastas.  The Goat Cheese Gnocchi for me and the Rabiola Francobolli for her.  This time, much more reasonable portion sizes, but this is where we should have called it a night.

Instead, we exercised some questionable (and undoubtedly gluttonous) judgment and started on the next course.  Another pasta (the name and contents of which I've suddenly forgotten) for the missus and the Braised Pork Ribs for me.  Good grief.  So tasty and so much food.  All of this paired nicely with a couple glasses of the Montepulciano.

And did we have the Blood Orange Tiramisu for dessert?  Yes.  Yes we did.

While the argument could be made that food should not generally cost this much, it's nice to know that when it does, it's going to be crazy delicious.
Came here for dinner with the GF. The beer selection was interesting ( I had the Butte--surprised how much I liked it)

WE had the lombarda to start. As a pizza, I do appreciate the take they went with, but something about the way the sauce tasted threw me off. (hard to describe--it was interesting but I personally didn't like it), Still, I would recommend trying it--I feel like it would agree with other peoples' palates.

WE also ordered the special for the night which was different cuts of pork. The flavor was bland, but the execution was otherwise pretty spot on. IT wasn't crazy grease heavy, but the meat was tender. Just toss in a bit of salt and you're good (not a big deal)

The francobolli was a gf's favorite and the sauce was nice and rich and flavorful. the sauce was nice and consistent and the the pasta was just ever so delicate. 

I was at first inclined to give it 3 stars on the basis of whether I would likely come back--and honestly for me I wouldn't--the trek wouldn't be worthwhile and for me the $100+ dinner wasn't worth it.

On the other hand, I did appreciate the precision of execution in terms of cooking everything perfectly so textures were great.
We found street parking fairly quickly behind Osteria. We were seated in their nice sun room which I enjoyed. 

Our waiter brought out lots of salted bread and bread sticks and always made sure our basket and drinks were full :) 

We chose the Lamb belly appetizer which was a special of the night and was not on the actual menu. I recommend you try these! Very flavorful and savory. I'll be back for these. 

We ordered the Rib-eye steak for two (32oz). We were warned about the 40 minute cooking time before placing our order. We didn't mind the wait. I don't think it took that long anyway. The steak was then brought out to us. For verification? I don't understand. Then it was returned to the kitchen to be cut and plated. We immediately fell in love with the flavor. Mouth watering, perfectly cooked steak. What else could you ask for? 

We chose to take it to full throttle and order dessert. I had the Nutella tart which was good but nothing special. Steve had a trio of Chocolate Cannoli's with ice cream filling. Now those had the "special" I was looking for. 

As expected, the staff was very nice and knowledgeable. We can't wait to go back to Osteria and try other Marc Vetri restaurants as well.
I decided I wanted to try restaurant week again. We came here because Osteria seemed like they had the biggest menu and all of the food looked really good and creative. I can't stand when places only have a few items to pick from and they usually only give you the cheapest items on the menu. Not this place. Pretty much their whole entire  menu was available for restaurant week. 

We sat at a table along the side which was like a  covered patio and glass walls so you see outside. Really liked the atmosphere it had an enchanted  garden feel to it with the plants hanging and the white lights all around. 

Our server was very friendly and attentive. The cocktails we ordered we good. Bread was brought to our table and included some soft bread and some were like crunchy thin breadsticks. The restaurant week menu was the convivio menu that they offer all the time which included 2 antipasti, 2 primi, 1 picolli, 1 secondi and 1 dolici. The dolci wasn't originally supposed to be included but they decided to add it last minute. It was a great deal, normally this meal is $58, but for restaurant week it was only $35 a person. They didn't skimp on the food either, it looked like the same amount of food you would get on a regular night. I hate when places give you half portions for restaurant week. 

It's family style so everyone splits everything, so you are getting the same number of items whether you have 2 people or 10 people, they just adjust the food amount according to the party size. Luckily it was just me and my husband but I can see a big group having trouble agreeing on the same items. 

RIBEYE TARTARE- tasted very fresh and light  and the chips added a nice crunch. 

BURATTA- the cheese was very soft and almost melty  but liked it. 

Francobolli- this was what I was looking forward to the most. The pasta was melt in your mouth soft and I liked the mushrooms. However,  it didn't quite match the photos I saw on Yelp. On yelp it looked a lot bigger  and had a nice butter sauce under it. It was definitely a lot smaller than I was expecting and didn't have much of a sauce. Too much grated  Parmesan cheese on it too that overpowered it. would have been better with freshy shaved Parmesan  cheese. 

Candele- this actually turned out to be my  favorite dish. Long pasta with a generous amount of wild boar ragu that was delicious. Was kinda full after this but we still had 2 more courses! 

Veal tongue- surprisingly very good! My 2nd favorite dish of the night. Thought it was going to be rubbery or fatty but was very meaty. 

Duck breast- not the best duck I've had but was ok. The wine reduction kinda overpowered the duck. And it was real small pieces. 

We wanted to order the chocolate tortino because we weren't supposed to get dessert with our meal. But we were given the polento budino as the last course  to our meal and were already stuffed so we passed on getting a 2nd dessert. It was probably for the best. This dessert was light and didn't stuff us more. 


Overall a great meal, great service, and great atmosphere. One of the best deals for restaurant week out there I think.
Came here for dinner with my parents and we were thoroughly impressed with the meal from start to finish. 

The salmon carpaccio that I had was flavorful, fresh, and delicate - a perfect starter. My mom had the frog legs, which were crispy and well seasoned. The octopus was delicious, and I loved all of the pasta I tried there. 

Dessert was KILLER. the gelato was to die for, and came with a tasty cookie. Their signature dessert- a sort of bread pudding- is a MUST.

Service was top notch and the atmosphere is lovely. The only thing I'll caution is that it's not cheap, but good food often isn't. Bon apetite!
I really love Osteria, I always forget about it because of its location, but our last visit solidified it on our list of favorite restaurants.

My husband and I had NYE reservations for the last seating that night, which I usually try to avoid. I'm very weary of the staff wanting to hurry us out, so they can go home, but was very pleased with the exceptional service and energy in this bustling restaurant.

Our table was not ready when we arrived so we went to the bar, which was pretty crowded. Immediately, a fresh faced bartender arrived from around the bar to present us with cocktail menus, after ordering, he then returned to us handing us our drink and bill! We did not have to squeeze through couples seated at the bar to gather our drinks! I am a huge fan of this level of service!
After a few minutes, our hostess arrived and escorted to our table.
Our waiter, Kelert was very knowledgeable with the wine pairs and gave us detail descriptions on all the dishes we asked about. I started off with the wood grilled octopus salad, there was a great smoky flavor in the octopi, the lemon and potatoes complimented it well.  He had the cured salumi plate, the colors were bright and flavors were delicious. For our entrees, I ordered the braised oxtail, since I've randomly just acquired lactose intolerance, I could not eat the cream base in the dish, which thankfully Kelert caught upfront. I didn't think that the cream would make be sick, in hindsight ,yes it probably would make me miserable, but I didn't catch it at the time. He easily substituted kale and that worked well in the dish.  The oxtail was melt in your mouth, fall off the bone good. Braising tends to make things salty in my opinion, but this was perfect. Husband had the house special- four day roasted pig.  The meat was so tender and delicious, the star of the dish was the crispy pig skin!  We were lucky enough to get a couple of extra pieces thrown in our doggie bag= delish! 

For dessert we had the pear and fig sorbet, the fig was by far my favorite! The pear was ok, not my favorite.

We were surprised to be presented with two glasses of prosecco for the big NYE countdown.  It was so nice on Osteria's part to celebrate with their diners on this special occasion.

The service was really spot on, we stayed until about 1am and never once did we feel rushed to get moving!  I highly recommend Osteria for anyone who loves non- traditional Italian food!  

Sidenote- I also recommend the Lombarda pizza, alas it's too much for me to handle now, but that pie imprinted fondly in my brain!
A good place to stop in for a group lunch!  This place is charming and rustic.  As soon as you step inside from the busy streets of Philadelphia, you'll feel that you've retreated into the warm, inviting quarters of an authentic Italian osteria.  While the food isn't the best I've ever had, I'd still recommend that you give the place a try if you find yourself in the area.  Beware though -- nearly every dish contains some kind of pork  product (though a few can be made without it), so think twice before bringing your vegetarian, vegan, or kosher friends.  You may also need the waiter's help in translating the menu to find the lamb sandwich and the asparagus pizza.  Mmmm mmmm good!
To start, our server Thalia was an absolute pleasure. She was polite, knowledgeable, and just a great person.

Everything I ordered here was absoultely magnificent. The beet and goat cheese plin is to die for, as are the multiple pizzas they have. I had a prosciutto and arugula as well as a plain tomato and mozzarella and they were easily the best pizza I have ever had.

The Sicilian lemonade pitcher is only 25$ and is enough for two or three people to share , and let me tell you it is DELICIOUS. Not too strong but also not too weak. Any cocktail with limoncello is definitely worth your time, but this is extremely refreshing in the summer months.

definitely will be returning!
What better way to celebrate America's Independence day than with Italian cuisine?  Ok, so that was kinda confusing BUT we did have a delicious meal, regardless.

We decided to split the polpo pizza with tender octopus, tomato, and flavorful, smoked mozzarella (no red chili flakes for moi),  the lombarda pizza with a baked egg, bitto cheese, smokey mozzarella, and sausage (perfect blend of flavors with a baked egg in the center and a crispy, thin crust - a fantastic gourmet pizza, although I personally would have preferred a raw egg yolk), the chicken liver rigatoni ( very rich and savory but not overly so - the tender pasta was a great vehicle for the liver and helped to sedate its characteristic strong flavor a bit),  the roasted rabbit casalinga (this was so tender and the polenta and pancetta were both imbued with the flavorful, savory jus), and the house-aged rib eye with accompanying watercress salad (it did take an extra 35 min but the steak was cooked perfectly and so incredibly juicy and flavorful - it was meat perfection).  

Dessert consisted of the polenta budino (served with a velvety mousse and hazelnuts) and the chocolate flan with the pistachio gelato.  Both were amazing and we managed to finish everything despite being stuffed from the entrees because they were just so damn good.   

Service was fantastic and the staff were incredibly knowledgeable and patient when helping us make our selections.  Definitely worth a visit, both for a treat or a special occassion.
As we've dined here many times, and each and every time, it's been a special experience, I figured it was time to write about Osteria!  We've also settled on a formula for enjoying the restaurant that was given to us on our first visit.  First, if you can spring for it, just valet your car.  It's still somewhat of an up and coming neighborhood (and Marc Vetri has invested heavily in this north Broad renaissance - kudos!) and, though you can find street parking, it's just easier to have them take care of things.  

Upon entering the restaurant, you will be overcome with an almost primordial scent experience - woodsmoke, garlic, and all sorts of tasty olfactory bliss wafting from the open kitchen.  The restaurant is as beautiful to behold as it is to smell - kind of industrial, but pleasantly warm, with ambient lighting, and a bevy of excellent design elements.  It's large, but not overwhelmingly so, and there's been a pleasant energy and bustle every time we've visited.  The staff has been unfailingly kind, warm, and hospitable on our visits.

Ah, the food.  We always start with the off-the-menu (though I don't know why, it's always on offer) antipasto vegetables, a selection of ten vegetable preparations, including salt roasted beets (of two colors), brussels sprouts roasted with pancetta, and all sorts of other delicacies, which form a circle around a lovely arugula salad.  We also usually up the ante with some of their amazing house-cured salumi.  I have a collection of before and after pictures for this course - it arrives beautifully on a large board, and reliably disappears in a flurry of gustatory activity.  One word:  yum.  Also, the bread. Super yum.

The pizzas are similarly satisfying - we've had many, including the signature Polpo, Lombardo, Parma, etc.  The crusts are fantastic, and the ingredients are beautifully integrated.

I've seen some of the usual contrarians strike a pose of diffidence about Osteria's pastas here on Yelp.  "If you want 'real pasta' you have to go to "x" trattoria in a village that's not on the map, and it opens with the reliability of Brigadoon." As a counterpoint, I merely suggest that such tiresome opinionation is self-disqualifying.  The pastas at Osteria are dizzyingly satisfying - rendered with great care and creativity, and have always caused a lengthy silence, followed by impassioned swoon.  Poseurs, get thee hence to Trattoria X; more beet and goat cheese plin for the rest of us.  

After the antipasto, pizzas, and pastas, we're usually ready to move on to dessert, though we've had several of the Secondi - which are beautifully rendered, and quite delish.  We typically like to graze more than hunker down on the more traditional progression, and we ask that everything is served family style. 

Desserts are always fantastic - the gelati give Capogiro a run for their money, the sorbets are always interesting and expertly done, and, though we usually ask them to make us a Nutella pizza (yes, this is what happens when a genius chef gets a late night craving), I've had several of the other items, and, in particular, I highly recommend the budino, which marries creamy and sweet polenta with an addictive gianduia mousse.  Good God.

The wine service is wonderful.  The list is full of good values, and decadent splurges, and the staff are expert guides, cheerfully leading guests to wonderful bottles, no matter the budget.  When I treated some under-21 friends to a meal there once, they concocted some really tasty non-alcoholic treats for them, which brings us to the wonderful professionalism and warmth of the service, which has always struck the balance between enthusiasm and discretion. That is, they reliably engage in discussion of the food when it appears we're into that, but if conversation among guests is rolling along, the servers accurately read the temperature, and remain unobtrusive.  There is much humor, infectious passion about the food and wine, and unimpeachable professionalism.  On one visit, before arriving, I came down with some serious stomach discomfort but didn't want the rest of our party to miss out on a fantastic meal (we travel an hour and change to dine at Osteria).  The waiter kept me well-stocked with ginger ale doctored with bitters, and I survived, no doubt, thanks to his vigilance (though watching my family devour a meal I couldn't enjoy was a little bittersweet).  On other occasions, the waitstaff has taken note of some esoteric preferences, only to reward us with special treats later on in the meal.  In a way, despite the size, I've felt as welcome at Osteria as I might be at a neighborhood joint, run by a family friend.  The meals have been revelatory  - I've learned much about the Italian table at Osteria, and we always leave grateful for a beautifully orchestrated, deliciously rendered, and gracefully offered meal.  I have to think that's their ambition, and it's one they've achieved with our every visit.  Grazie e bravo tutti!
This meal was a long time in the making, and it didn't quite live up to our expectations.  Upon entering, I was taken back by the beautiful decor and polished staff.  You can easily see that Osteria is a tightly managed operation.

We arrived way ahead of our reservation, and they were quick to offer us a nice spot in the lounge area, which worked just as well as a table in the main dining areas.  The service remained strong during the whole meal.

We ordered the grilled octopus as our shared antipasta.  While it was very good, I would rank it third on my octopus list behind Zorbas and La Fourno, and it's a pricey, small plate of octopus.  Up next was the Lombardo pizza, which was good, but I expected a bit more.  Nomad, and dare I say it, Barra in old city can contend with it.  The chocolate flan is nothing special and overpriced, but the traditional budino was absolutely fantastic.  It's easily one of the top desserts I've had out in the city.

Out of the three excellent restaurants that landed in the area of Broad and Mt. Vernon, I think I prefer Osteria's neighbor, Route 6.
I haven't been here since the year it opened, and I wondered why.  Lazy?  Stupid?  Forgetful?  Maybe...I'm into self-deprecation lately...women will do that to you...beat you up and make you feel worthless.

Anyway, they have a wonderful, reasonable, pre-theater tasting menu for $38pp.  Of course with the highly priced drinks added, you will easily double that total.  But, it was totally worth it.

Two apps, a pasta and an entree, not to mention a dessert!!!

Apps:
Grilled artichoke and buffalo mozzarella is a must, great flavor, chili spice perfect, so tender, so delicious -- 5 stars
Grilled veal tongue, with sweet bell pepper is very creative, a little texture issue i.e. some fat, some chewy, but worth a try -- 3.5 stars

Pasta:
Rigatoni with chicken livers is rich, FULL of depth of flavor, I had it years ago and got it again -- 5 stars

Entree:
Monkfish Osso Buco with fennel was a treat.  Other than a little too rare in the middle and the bone-in, I loved this creative dish -- 4 stars

Dessert:
Warm chocolate tortino, with pistachio gelato was an excellent finish to a full tummy.  The tortino had a molten chocolate/hazelnut sauce oozing -- 5 stars

Service by Jacqueline was perfect.  Thank you.
Osteria  - ciao bella! I will sing your praises continuously as i dream of your pizze so divine, your charming service, and ambiance italiana.
Went here for my Wife's Birthday back in September. The atmosphere is great, had a cool calm dcor and some rustic features thrown in. Our waiter was on point, extreme knowledgeable of the food and the flavors which really helped our food choices because everything on the menu looked delicious. We had the Wood Grilled Octopus and robiola "francobolli" postage stamp ravioli as appetizers. The flavors were exceptional and couldn't wait for the main meal.

My Wife ordered the chicken "alla griglia" and was totally pleased with the balanced flavors between the chicken, sweet corn, mushrooms and spinach. I had the Pork Chop which was cooked perfectly and I added a side of Polenta Rustic which was perfect complement to the meal.

For desert, we ordered raspberry and pistacchio linzertorte, boy was our sweet teeth satisfied. Also kudos on bringing a side ice cream w/ a candle for my wife's b-day. 

I highly recommend Osteria and all of Vetri's restaurants, always top notch food and service.
OK, so I didn't adventure too far into their menu, stuck to what I know, kept it light, and do have to go back and then update this review. But, where I did go - beef capriccio, pepper ravioli, artichoke - was fantastic. The pepper ravioli (I am not using the name they did and I promise it is more amazing than the name I give it leads you to believe) was the highlight of the meal for me and was just mouth watering. As well, the side of artichoke was marinated and cooked nicely and really added the perfect flavor contrast.
This review update is looonnngg overdue, as I have been here several times since my initial review, for a birthday, an anniversary, and several other occasions. Menu items that have withstood the test of time include the Lombarda Pizza (always excellent) and the house-made pastas (always freshly made, sauce on point). It's a particularly great option for summer dining, as they have a fairly spacious glass-enclosed patio on the side of the building. 

Once, when my parents visited, our family had a lovely time dining in the outdoor area. The bread basket and olive oil were delicious as usual. We ordered the Lombarda Pizza, along with some pastas and entrees. Everything was delicious, though the rabbit dish was a bit dry. 

I've never been super impressed with desserts here, until I tried the gelato... It was a chalice filled with silky smooth Hazelnut and Pistachio Gelato, topped with a thin shortbread cookie. The flavors were so authentic - they took me straight to Italy. This had to be the best gelato I have ever tasted, even better than in Italy. In general, I only go for ice cream, gelato, or sorbet when I don't know what other dessert to get, but here, the gelato is so good it has to be a deliberate choice. I was pleasantly surprised. 

Osteria has been around for a while and I hope they continue to do well. I would love to be back soon to enjoy some pizza and gelato on their patio!
We need half stars darnit! 

I am underwhelmed. And my pockets are now void of funds. I mean, I knew what I was doing, but there must be something in the air at Osteria that makes you spend a ton of money, or maybe it's just the prices. We had a table of six for a birthday dinner and our bill was $425, without tip, which I don't actually consider to be insanely pricey, unless my tummy and palette are left unsatisfied. And they were. This was my second dining experience at Osteria, and both times left me feeling, just ok, rather than A-OK. 

Let's start with the service. We ordered drinks, but somehow the server left without asking my husband what he'd like. When I flagged her down she was sure to say, "Ok, I'll put in your additional request." I know, that sounds innocent, but it was kind of snotty. And maybe fess up to the fact that you completely ignored him and forgot to take his order. It's just good manners, thanks.  Service remained like this for the rest of the night. We sat with empty, used plates in front of us for quite some time.  The worst offense was one of my friends had a glass of wine she'd ordered at the bar, and then a glass of wine from a bottle that was purchased at the table.  She had not finished her first glass, but the waitress poured some of the new bottle into her not yet empty DIFFERENT wine, while also ignoring the empty wine glass in front of the birthday girl. Uh, what? It happened so fast and she walked away so fast that we couldn't even let her know what she'd done.  Food was brought out at a reasonable pace, except our coffees came about 10 minutes before our desserts so they were cold if you didn't finish them before dessert was delivered. 

The food was also just ok, especially for the prices.  I do love the artichokes alla giudia and find them worth every penny. My pasta was good, but the price tag that came with it was not. I split the polenta rustica with my husband.  It came out scalding hot so I burned my tongue. Once it cooled we found it to be ridiculously bland. I didn't know rustica meant seasonless. We asked for salt and pepper and it improved it greatly.   I don't hate the food, I just didn't find myself swooning over it at all, while I've eaten at Amis and loved it. Odd. My first visit to Osteria left me feeling the same way. It included a few apps and sides, pasta, pizza, which was $22 for some cheese and pumpkin chunks. It was just downright insulting. My dessert was dry and bland on that occasion, but was redeemed last night by the cappuccino bignet with chocolate caramel sauce. The plate was overflowing with rich goodness, I had to take half of it home. 

Ok now drinks. Those are pretty good. I love the delicious Fresco cocktail of lime and gin and uhhh, I think basil, I don't know, it was yum. I'd love to see more than five cocktails on the menu though, and they didn't seem to change in a year so that'd be a nice touch too. I also ordered an extra dirty grey goose martini, the most expensive one I've ever ordered at $15. It was quite delicious though. Everyone seemed happy with their wine and beers as well. 

After two blah visits I think I'm done.
My husband and I had a superb meal here. The plata primi of spaghetti with house  made Italian sausage and a light pecorino cream sauce with fresh black pepper was flavorful and melted in our mouths. For the main plate I had the smoked brisket with peaches and radicchio slaw that was very tender and had a wonderful sweet and smokey taste.  My husband had spit roasted pork that was tender , moist and gently seasoned with rosemary.  It was served with oven roasted potatoes and crunchy, crispy roasted pork skin. The homemade pistachio and lemon verbena  gelato was a perfect ending to a fabulous dining experience. Vincent was our waiter and provided great descriptions of the menu items to help us make our choices.  The restaurant decor is comfortably wine- country chic, impeccably clean and staff worked flawlessly as a  team providing us with first class and kind service. We highly recommend Osteria!
Osteria has been on my bucket list after living far too long in Fairmount and never visiting - and I am pleased to say that Osteria exceeded my expectations! The restaurant is gorgeous inside and out, especially the sunroom, where we sat for dinner. The service was outstanding and our server was knowledgeable, friendly, and provided us with recommendations.

We visited for my friend's birthday and opted to split a margarita pizza to start. The pizza was cooked perfectly with great flavor. For my main dish I ordered the funghi pizza, which was amazing. I shared with my friend who had the francoboli ravioli, which was incredible. We ended the birthday dinner with tiramisu alla mamma pina and a mint ice cream sandwich - complete with a sparkler for my friend's birthday!

I will absolutely be back to try other items on the menu!
Not much I can say about Osteria that hasn't been said, other than after living in Fairmount 5+ years I am now pissed at myself for not getting here sooner. 

I think the one misconception is that it is expensive - for $40 you can have the best food that will buy in Philly for two people - one pizza ($15-$20) & two half orders of pasta ($8-$10) and you are full. Beers at $7, but higher ABV & quality (My Antonia (DogfishHead) & Celebration (Sierra Nevada)) on tap during my visit.
Amazing meal at Osteria and I am already thinking about my next visit. 

Summer in the city is great - it lends itself to less crowded bars and restaurants and more readily available reservations.   Summer in the city definitely allowed me to score a nice time slot and enjoy Osteria at a leisurely pace to really savor everything that we ordered.   And order we did.

Arriving a bit early, we snagged two seats at the bar and were greeted by the friendly bar tender who quickly got my prosecco and offered a tasting of an interesting draft beer for my companion (and a little taste for me too) which he decided on at first sip.  Before we even finished our drinks, our table was ready and we were set to dig into the menu.   Our original table was a small cramped table sandwiched between two others with diners not willing to budge.  We didn't even have to say anything before an employee came along, saw that we were uncomfortable and scooted us over to a different spot.  Lovely - so far service was off to a great start. 
The menu at Osteria is truly a listing of one delectable dish after another.  So much so that choosing proves to be quite a challenge.  We wanted it all! 
So - what did we do you might ask?  We got it all! 
I have wanted to try the Lombarda pizza since Osteria opened so we started with that.  Paper thin crust, sweet sausage, fried egg - what more could a girl ask for?  
Next came the dish that I have been dreaming about since my first visit - chicken liver rigatoni.  Now if you're like me, you wouldn't even think about ordering this dish.  Chicken Liver?  No thank you.  Well lucky for me and my fellow diner on this visit, my co-diner last time ordered it and allowed me to sample.  It is not an exaggeration when I tell you that I have never had anything quite like it before.  It is more than delicious but I am having a hard time coming up with a stronger word.  Just please, take my word for it.  You will not regret it.   
And for our main course (yes, we kept going after that!) we chose the dry aged rib eye for two.  At $50 per this is not your everyday dinner item but I have to admit that it was absolutely delicious.  Perfectly cooked, tender and flavorful.  Was it worth it?  Well, I don't know one rib eye from the next and my cut did have a good deal of fat on it but from what I can gather from my companion, it was worth the money and the time.  YUM!  While I'm sure I won't be having that every time I visit Osteria, if you are in the market for a delicious rib-eye, go for it.  

Dessert was a simple, creamy budino that I enjoyed but really I could have just ended the meal with a simple bite of chocolate and been satisfied.  Drinks for us were montepulciano for me and a dogfish head on tap for my partner in culinary crime followed by a cappuccino for me to finish the night off.   All in all, tasty accompaniments to our dinner choices.  

I don't get to come to Osteria as much as I would like.  I have yet to come simply for a glass of wine and a pizza.  And while I know that would be lovely, where would my chicken liver fit in?  And if I'm going to order both, I might as well order a main course too.  Oh Osteria - what have you done to me?!
Have been a fan for a long time, but haven't been there in quite a while. On a recent visit to Philly, I made my way there and was not disappointed.  Sat at the bar and my bartender was attentive and knowledgeable.  Had the marinara pizza which was excellent and the meat plate which was as good as I remembered (the mustardo honey with a mustard spice to it and artichoke makes the plate.)  I had the gnocchi for dinner and it was pretty good as well.  I still feel like the price is fair for the quality and service and I will certainly keep it in my rotations when visiting Philly again.
Really excellent from start to finish. this was my second time dining here, but we are considering it for our rehearsal dinner, so we wanted to refresh out taste buds. 

The service is really fantastic. It's a staple of vetri restaurants everywhere. They are trained so well. It's the little things that make the difference, like refolding your napkin when you get up from the table, moving out of the way when they see you walking, asking if you need help, etc. the only problem we had was our waitress didn't tell us about two of the specials. Not a big deal because we had our minds made up already though.

We sat on the patio which is a gorgeous glass enclosed area. We decided to use the same strategy we used last time when ordering with one small twist, one pizza, one appetizer, and two pastas all to share. 

We started with the Lombarda and it was incredible. I hadn't been to osteria in a while, so I hadn't really compared the pizza crust to pizzeria vetri until now, but it was so different! It was a bit thinner and crisper, and the combination of sausage and egg on top was amazing.

We ordered the mozzarella en corrozza for our appetizer and again we were very impressed. It was so different than any fried mozzarella dish I have ever had. I couldn't tell if it was battered at all or if it was just a block of mozzarella dropped into the fryer. It was awesome, and the tomato and caper sauce serves with it was show stopping.

Our pasta choices were the chicken liver rigatoni and the winter squash gnocchi a la brava. Wow fantastic stuff here. The rigatoni was clearly housemade and covered in a delicately tasty sauce of chopped chicken livers. It was subtle flavor, but still very powerful and rich. The squash gnocchi was covered in cheese and incredibly hot when it came out. The gnocchi was very tender and went surprisingly well with the cheese.

Our dessert wasn't as good as the rest of our meal, but I was comparing it to the polenta budino we had last time, and that was stupid good. We ordered the upside down blood orange polenta cake with kumquat caramel. It was good, and definitely interesting and different, but I wasn't crazy about it.

Osteria is a great place to have a meal, and you should get there as often as you can. I'll be back soon!
Fantastic place that does Italian justice. Philly has a crap ton of Italian restaurants around the city ranging from low end to high end. But I don't think any of them does meats and pasta as well as Osteria. 

We started off with a  vedura mista which pretty much had every vegetable, grilled, pickled, sauted on the menu. The variety was large and the flavors well balanced.

I had the berkshire pork chop and it was phenomenal. It measured about 1.5 inches thick and was amazingly tender and perfectly done through and through. It's quite difficult to cook such a huge piece of meat to a perfect uniformity and uniform perfectness. I can only assume the pork was brined, sous vide, and then charred after. Regardless it was splendid and I can't rave more.  

Wonderful.
great meal.  awesome pizza and pastas.  another great addition to the vetri family.
For a 'fancy' restaurant, my family and I were disappointed. From the reviews, the exterior and interior we thought it would be an upscale restaurant. It has a good atmosphere and was pretty empty when I went. The waiters and waitresses did not check up on us. The waitress explained the menu. I believe the menu changes a lot because it's a small paper menu. After we ordered our dishes they brought out bread and oil. The bread was room temperature and very hard. Did not enjoy the bread. As for the food, the rabbit pasta I had was alright. I really liked the pizza that had roasted corn. My dad didn't but I really enjoyed it it. And the rabbit on the yellow mush was good but we didn't finish eating the thing underneath. Sorry forgot what they were called. Overall we thought the food was ok but not really that amazing for the price and reviews of this restaurant. I'd rather go to a Cheesecake Factory and get warm bread and better service.
Our sever was phenomenal and attentive. He was also just super efficient - fast and polite.  The food was very visually aesthetically pleasing and had deep flavors. We went for restaurant week (barely getting around to posting this) and got the ribeye tartar, salumi board, calamari, lasagna verde, charred octopus, and pork chops. We particularly enjoyed the lasagna verde - the cheese was melted beautifully and the food was layered to perfection. The octopus was probably the most beautiful of the plates, it was slightly salty but overall a great dish. The pork chops sat on a rich juice which in and of itself was a highlight. 

If you ever go for restaurant week, you will be thrilled to hear they have not three, not four, but FIVE courses. Their menu will show the four course option and they bring out a standard dessert for everyone after those are done (we received the polenta). You will leave fairly full. 

Additionally, the garden area is just gorgeous. Go and impress your significant other here with all the green plants
Hits and misses, across the board. That was my impression of Osteria, plus that lingering sense of The Emperor's New Clothes...why is it I'm so often left unsatisfied and vaguely disappointed after dining at the restaurants so hyped up by Philly's foodie bloggers and their ilk?

On the plus side:
- Lovely dining room, excellent service.
- The house-cured salumi appetizer was outstanding and something I'd come back for all on its own. Especially the artichoke mostarda.
- Very good pizza. I won't say best of Philly, I won't say as good as the pizza I've had in Italy, but well worth trying and I'd try more varieties here in the future.

Of the meh:
- The chicken liver rigatoni which everyone hypes up like crazy barely had any liver flavor to it. It was a very fine bolognese, but I LIKE chicken livers and wanted to taste them. I should have heeded the caution when I heard a waitress telling a nearby diner "oh even if you don't like chicken livers you'll like this dish!"
- A special pasta of the night featuring pork was completely overpowered by orange rind. Like, every single bite tasted like nothing but oranges. 
- The polenta budino which people seem to describe as the best dessert in Philly didn't really do it for me. Too much intense hazelnut flavor
- Only one red wine by the bottle under $50? Really? C'mon. You can offer some decent choices at affordable prices, here.
- Artichoke side dish bore no resemblance to the Jewish-style artichokes I enjoyed in Rome. A definite fail at a hefty $10 price tag.

Overall, there was much I enjoyed but I was left not completely thrilled by the experience. I actually prefer Vetri's Amis, which again seems an unpopular opinion. I'd go back, but I'm not rushing back.
I went here based on seeing it featured on The Best Thing I Ever Ate.  Marc Summers claimed that he ate great pizza all over, including some of the best NYC pizza, and this was his favorite.

I grew up near NYC and had some of the best so I had to try it.

So I ordered the classic Margherita and one that had pancetta and arugula to split between 4 people.  It wasn't bad.....but considering that it was about 1.5-2x the price of some of the best pizzas I've had in the past.  And instead of being 6-8 slices, it was 4 small slices.

We were still hungry, so we decided to split the mozzarella in carozza and that was WONDERFUL (but tiny, it was actually only 2 pieces).

So all in all, we thought it was a decent meal, till we got the bill.  To recap:

2 personal-sized pizzas (8 total small slices)
2 pieces of mozzarella in carozza
2 sodas (2 of us had water)

total for a meal sized for 2 people: $60 (and note: this is for PIZZA!  We didn't even order real meals!)

I have no problem spending $30/person for a good meal.  But if I'm getting just barely above average and tiny portions, I'd much rather eat elsewhere.
We decided to try the convivio: family style tasting menu where you get your choice of 2 antipasti, 2 primi, 1 piccoli piatti, 1 secondi, 1 dolce. 
For the antipasti we chose the treviso salad and the beets. The salad wasn't anything special, a LOT of cheese but we really enjoyed the beets. Were lovely with the apple and truffle cheese. 

We were very excited to try to candele/wild boar; the waiter said it was a fan favorite and I can definitely see why. Probably my favorite dish I tried that evening...the Bolognese was lovely, not too salty. I'm going to be honest, the paccheri/calamari was pretty unremarkable because I know I had it but I can't remember anything about it. 
The rabbit "alla nonna Anna" was great but I honestly wish it came without the polenta...I normally love polenta but this was disappointing. 
Lastly we had the wood roasted branzino. Our waiter referred to it as beautiful and he was right. It was flavorful, light but satisfying. I was very happy with this choice (because almost went with the pork chop). 

Overall, I had a nice semi fine dining experience. I was impressed with how eloquent our waiter was and how diligent he was about wiping down the table between courses. It's very dark in here, I saw at least one person at every table pulling out their phone light to read the menu...but the lighting sets the mood. Maybe bring your honey here. 

It also seemed to be a great place for family style dinners, large tables with ample space and seating. This restaurant is a lot bigger than I thought it would be from the outside looking in. 
Service was a little slow at times, I felt like I was often looking around for someone to ask questions about the menu etc.  I love when bread baskets come with a variety of bread/bread sticks and this place is not shy about keeping the baskets coming (although I really don't need the carbs). Decent wine list. 
Bathrooms are all single occupancy and unassigned so anyone can use :)
Abandoned by our waiter!!!

I wanted to love this place.  We were going to be in Philadelphia one night only.  I checked out the Yelp reviews and the list of 50 best restaurants in Philadelphia Magazine.   A couple of places didn't have a table  free.  I called Osteria (number 4 in Phila Mag + 4 Yelp stars) after Open Table said there were no tables available.

The place is beautiful.  It's the lobby of an old office building north of Market turned into a stylish locale. Our friends were at the bar when we arrived.  The hostess showed us to the table and various people brought water, menus and drinks.  Then the waiter explained the menu and took our order.

The appetizers were great.  We split an antipasto plate that was extraordinary in the way the different flavors blended together and complemented each other.  A friend was very happy with the mozzarella in carrozza with olive oil, poached pears, tomatoes and capers.  We had a pretty broad variety of dishes for the main course.  Two pizzas, salmon, linguine with peekytoe crab, corzetti, and pork milanese.  I had the cobia with fregola and green beans which was both bland and lukewarm.  It was saved by the artichokes alla giudia, tiny baby artichokes delicately fried -- a recipe from the old Jewish quarter in Rome.  

Then the waiter disappeared.  I am not making this up.  Where did he go?  Had we somehow offended him?  Busboys cleared the table, and we waited and waited.  Then we waited some more.   Finally we got dessert menus from a busboy and placed our order with some fellow in a dark suit.  (The desserts were delicious.  The cannoli were great but hard to eat.  The chocolate flan was even better.)  

Still no waiter.  So after another very long wait we asked one of the black-suited gentlemen for the bill.  

 That's when the waiter showed up -- to collect the money, a lot of money.

If you want to try Osteria, skip the primi and secondi and stick with appetizers and pizza.  You'll save a boat load of money and you'll be very happy with your meal.  

And avoid our waiter.
I'm not sure what I could say about Osteria that hasn't already been said.. Marc Vetri is culinary genius, the less-than-desirable N Broad address stills draw a crowd, the decor, vibe and service are welcoming and accomodating.

I can say though that the meal for me got better as the night went progressed.  Our first course to arrive was the Margherita pizza which was ok, but nothing to write home about for my taste.  The crust was perfectly cooked, but it was paper thin and I like a little bit more bite to my crust.  The super thin layer of sauce got lost on the pizza, but had amazing flavor when tasted on its own (ie the pile of melted cheese and sauce on my plate that slid off the pizza itself).  The cheese was the real star - it was amazingly simple and delicious.

Next came the wood grilled octopus.  I was surprised that it was presented almost like a salad with arugula and little potatoes.  The octopus itself was really tender and had none of that weird/chewy/sometimes tough texture that is pretty common with octopus.  There was a bit too much salt on the octopus itself, but it balanced out nicely when eaten in the same bite as the potatoes and arugula.  The potatoes themselves are noteworthy.. try this dish just for them.

Next up was the pigs feet (eeks!) cannelloni with truffle bechamel sauce.  I had to put on my brave foodie face to try this one, but I'm so happy I did.  Creamy, rich, salty, earthy.. amazing.  It would've been too much for me to eat alone. so it's a good dish to share with someone else.  The portion is small, but the flavor is intense and I wanted to save room for the dishes yet to come.

Last to arrive (or so I thought) was the braised seppia.. I didn't even know what seppia was.  Our server said it was cuttlefish, a kind of squid, served over squid ink polenta.   Whatever it is.. it's awesome.  I'll probably lose all Yelp-cred when I say this, but something about the dish reminded me of spaghetti and meat sauce.  I have no idea why, but there you have it.  This was the most amazing dish of the night by far.

To round off the evening, we tried the gelato/sorbet.  Blood orange and cappucino were my favorites.  The others were good also, but not as standout as the first two.
As good as Italian food gets outside of Italy. Don't confuse this cuisine with AMerican-Italian cuisine as you will not see any "parmasean" or "red gravy" on the menu. Instead your tastebuds will rejoice when introduced to thin crisp crusted, brick oven pizza with toppings of truffle, parma, etc (I recommend the parma and lombard, which has an egg crack on it before it is baked).

Pasta dishes include wild boar, store made sausage, rabbit, quail, etc. If you are lucky,  they will offer a special of roast suckling pig.

For dessert I recommend the budinio (sweet polenta with caramel coated hazelnuts) and chocolate flan.

Service is usually good and they have a good selection of Italian wines.
Back for round two at Osteria, and it was just as wonderful as my first experience! An absolute treat. 
We started with the Parma pizza (again) - arugula, prosciutto, and fresh shaved Parmesan drizzled in olive oil. So darn good, and the prosciutto really made it spectacular being so fresh!

For dinner I had the polenta gnocchini with mushrooms and Parmesan as well, so good and a very unique take on gnocchi! A little softer than traditional gnocchi, and definitely the polenta taste, it was so good. Once again their wine (and champagne - special occasion!) list was out of this world and they are so happy to accommodate you and allow you to taste a wine if you are unsure.

I had the boudino for dessert which was really special and I absolutely loved it, it was just the perfect little size for a sweet treat to complete another glorious meal. Who wants to take me back next time? So many more things I want to try!
wonderful agnolotti. everything else was great too, but I especially liked the bread. we ordered primis and a secondi to share and it was all wonderful, not too expensive considering the amount of good food we ate and that we were full (the bread with olive oil may have helped with that too :) wish they would participate in restaurant week.
My husband and I discovered Osteria during Restaurant Week. The Yelp reviews and the prix fixe menu looked promising that we decided to check it out. 

When we arrived, the hostess told us they were getting our table ready, meanwhile she led other parties of 2 to their seats. This left us kinda confused but no big deal.

When we were finally seated, our server neglected to bring us water for a good 10 minutes, but did not fail to bring water to other tables that were seated after us. 

As the server arrived with our drinks, we looked over the menu and decided to start off with the ribeye tartar and the salumi board. The tartar was delicious except that they served it on top of a thick piece of bread to make the servings look more generous. On the menu, the salumi board advertises 6 different types of cured meats but when it was brought out to us, there were only a few pieces and no variety. 

Later we had the charred octopus and had the candele and rigatoni as our pasta options. The pasta were house made and we can definitely appreciate that. Our second to last course was the wood fired chicken, we had a few pieces but it definitely did not taste as good as it looked on the menu. Anyway we could not finish it as we were too full at the time, so we asked for a box. For their dessert, the restaurant was serving a chocolate budino which wasn't very tasty.

Fast forward a day later, as we are heating up our leftover chicken, we saw that the middle part of the chicken was raw. I dont know if it was an off night for us but we will definitely not be returning to Osteria.
Much more out of the way and a little more rustic than its sister restaurant Amis, Osteria is a wonderful restaurant that definitely warrants the "trek" out to North Broad. I am a huge fan of the atmosphere of the place. Very warm and cozy, as if you were in an old barn or a rustic ski lodge. But in Italy. Not sure if that's a real thing or not.

The food was outstanding and everything we shared was well complimented by the wine we chose. The pizza is definitely a must! We also shared the "vegetable plate" which I believe was a special the evening we were there celebrating my birthday, but if you see it, you should get it. Tons of variety, all fresh and delicious. Did I mention I love vegetables? I'd recommend doing a general table "sharing" and just ordering a bunch of things. That's pretty much how I'd like to spend any meal, honestly. 

Could be great for groups, or a romantic date, but either way, this place is awesome. I still like Amis better, though it's not entirely fair to compare the two. The pasta is just slightly better at Amis and the general ambiance/fact that it's in center city makes me want to go back to Amis much more frequently.
The word "tight" has many connotations.  For our purposes here, "tight" is that endeavor in which all the moving parts work in perfect unison...sheer magic.  There are no grinding metal parts, stripped gears, blown coverages, dropped passes, hit batters, bad calls, typhoons, Ebola, or any of a myriad of issues that ruin a great experience. 

Well, Osteria, Mark Vetri's stunning and hip restaurant on North Broad, is "tight."  Osteria is much larger than Vetri, with a veritable army of servers and chefs.  You know you are in for something special when, upon entering, there is an enormous hand crank prosciutto carving machine as the Pledge for the culinary magic show you are about to experience.

Upon opening the menu, you are confronted with the Turn.  We ordered one of the delicious pizza's as an appetizer...the polpo, served thin crust with grilled octopus, chili flakes, and smoked mozzarella.  The vegetable anti pasta offered us a wonderful blend of grilled and sauteed veggies, and for the first time in my life I enjoyed brussel sprouts.

The Prestige is introduced with the almost indescribably good pasta.  As I couldn't decide between several offerings, including spaghetti with olive oil poached calamari, corzetti with clams, or black pepper ravioli with peaches, I got them all and was captivated, convinced it must be part of the illusion.  Another member of our party ordered the roast piglet...if you like pork, get this, as it is superb.

I enjoyed a wonderful medium body Italian red along with dinner, ordered from the exhaustive wine list featuring Italian wines.  Dessert was a very good chocolate flan with home made pistachio ice cream.  Our party of four ended up with a $400 tab, which was pricey but worth it.

Like David Copperfield at the top of his game, Osteria takes you on an almost unbelievable magical mystery tour.   What a sight to behold...all the parts of the show moving like Cirque du Soleil...yeah, its that tight.  Make reservations well in advance, and don't be "tight" with the tip.
Hands down the best happy hour in the city! Wouldn't expect to see such an upscale restaurant in this part of town but it makes it even more special when you're inside!

Gorgeous foliage and front door area, reminds me of Talula's, but when you walk in it's very rustic and similar to Zavino. Many waitstaff ready to serve you, 2 main bartenders, and the manager was very active. 

I was pleasantly surprised that happy hour is every day of the week from 5-7 pm, only at the bar area and couch seating in that section of the restaurant. With pastas being only $7 for a half portion (which is plenty) and $6 for pizzas, 3 entrees, 2 drinks and 1 appetizer cost $39 before tip -- amazing. 

We were seated at the bar at 5:02 pm and all our food was served by 5:28 pm. I didn't feel rushed at all but of course, sitting at the bar, service is a lot faster than at the table. Now that I know I can get the same food for half the price, I think it'll be hard for me to pay full price for the same entrees. However, would be interested in trying the non-happy hour entrees :) Great for date night and parties of 8 or less. Also, they need to update their menus online! They're in the process of changing their menu so don't be surprised if somethings are different than listed on the website.
I really wanted to try it after Marc Summers said it was the best pizza he ever ate. I am not saying the host of Double Dare is a pizza genius, but still.

I went on 11-6-10. The food I had was really good. The atmosphere and the prices, not so much.

The place has a strong pretentious vibe. Our waiter seemed very up-tight and seemed to get snarky when the first few questions we asked were about the pizza options. I also noticed a number of men in suits walking around, weirdly looking at everything. I would have taken pics of the food but I was feeling like that would cause all these people to swarm.

When I go out to dinner, I want to chill and have a good time. That was not the vibe at Osteria on 11-6-10. Maybe its me though the other people in my party felt it too, more strongly than I did in fact.

To their credit, the food was good.

The pizza is the best pizza I've had in Philly. Make sure to order the traditional margherita like Marc Summers did. It has the circumference of a large dinner plate and is paper-thin, as Summers said. You could easily finish one by yourself. It is delicious. The wood burning oven is really at work here. It is small, not the size of a conventional pizza like you might get at John's in NYC so I have a bit of a problem comparing. Still, this is a very delicious item.

I also had their warm spinach salad with sweet-potatoes and a delicious olive oil based dressing. It was great.

Besides atmosphere concerns, the prices are high. That dinner plate sized, paper-thin pizza is $15 so it is not a great value.

If I had business in the area, I would give it another chance to try the pizza again. However, because of cost and atmosphere issues, I would not go out of my way to get there again.
My husband and I went here to try the Margherita pizza that Marc Summers talked about on "The Best Thing I Ever Ate." Unfortunately, I've had better pizza from the shops around my house. I don't know what the hype was all about.

What I did enjoy during our visit was the antipasto dish that was on special. Is that enough to rate this place higher than two stars? I don't think so.

I'm sure if we went back and got something other than pizza we'd enjoy it, but the prices are just too high for a restaurant located on North Broad Street and I can't justify a second visit.
Went here for lunch today with a friend, and it was amazing.  It would have been easy to fill up on the bread and olive oil they brought out while we waited. We started with the octopus appetizer.  I've only had octopus as sashimi before now, but I really liked the texture and the flavor.  Next we shared a pizza, which was good, the best thin crust I've had in a long time.  Then we shared the mushroom ravioli, which was my favorite dish of the meal.  So delicate, but such great flavor.  For dessert we shared the zabaione semifreddo.  Loved the flavor and the texture.  The service was excellent.  I would recommend that you bring a list of area parking lots, because if you don't luck into one of the meter spots in front, they are hard to find.  It appears that they have valet parking for dinner service, but not at lunch. This was a special treat to kick off the holiday weekend, and it was well worth the money.
I wanted to love this place.  The staff was excellent, the ambience of the place was fantastic.  Those aspects of dinner last night were 5/5.  The 3/5 rating is for the food.  Maybe it was an off night, maybe there was a new guy in the back, but every single one of our dishes had way too much salt.  

I get it, salt is a flavor enhancer, but it not meant to be the primary flavor of a dish.  The broccoli which came with the Cod was inedible it had so much salt in it.  The cod was cooked perfectly minus the overbearing flavor of salt.  Similarly with the octopus.  Perfectly cooked, crisp on the outside and perfect texture on the inside, but again way too much salt.  

Really we expected more from a Vetri restaurant, but Osteria simply did not deliver on the food front.  Recommendation: If you want a Vetri place without the cost of Vetri's signature restaurant, go to Amis, we've had many a fantastic meal there.
RESTAURANT WEEK REVIEW:
This was really close to being a 5 star review... but i had to deduct for an unforgivable error. But other than that I had a wonderful time!

The selections for restaurant week are amazing; best Italian I've had during restaurant week. We got to pick 2 apps, 2 pastas, 1 seafood entree and 1 meat entree... THAT'S A GOOD DEAL. 

we started with a meat and cheese board which was AMAZING. the bread basket was also so scrumptious. my favorite on the meat board was this spicy jam that they had, i couldn't get enough of it. on the cheeseboard, there was this tiny shortbread cookie which was AMAZING i could eat 100 of those

for the pastas we went with the clams fettuccine and the calamari pasta. the clams fettuccine was SO DELICIOUS BUT I FOUND SAND IN MY CLAMS. ughhhh i had to deduct a star for that. that bite was good and then went south so fast. the calamari was pasta was a bit on the salty side but also spicy (which i liked) so i let it slide. the clams fettuccine was delicious, even with the sand. 

for the entrees we got the duck breast and the porkchop. both were cooked perfectly. the porkchop was honestly so beautiful with these colorful apples on top and the duck came piping hot, already sliced which i appreciate and very delicious.

overall this place was amazing. this is what restaurant week is about, a place that i've always wanted to try and i got to try a little bit of everything on the menu and now i'm in love with it! the service was great, the indoor was so cute and there was a separate sun room area with hanging plants that was cozy.
Wanted to take advantage of Restaurant Week deal, but it wasn't available on Saturday night. Went anyway and glad of it! Beautiful charmingly lit and decorated space with highly efficient and professional waitstaff. Even the manager was walking around checking on things, refilling water glasses etc. Always a good sign. 

They place a basket of lovely bread choices on each table. Yum.

For appetizers we got a delicious vegetable antipasto plate and a pasta with chicken liver sauce. Both were excellent and each could have sufficed for two. I don't even like chicken livers but the pasta was rich and savory. 

I got a Margherita pizza (12") and husband got grilled chicken with white beans and grilled escarole. The chicken was perfectly cooked and very juicy. 

We skipped dessert. I didn't think the prices were too high at all. Our food was about $75. It was a lot of food!

You can park on the street. There is valet parking for $18 but not necessary at all.
Osteria deserves way more than 5 stars! I went a few weeks ago for a friend's birthday and it was one of the best meals that I have ever had in this city. We ordered the Lombrada pizza as an appetizer and it was too good to keep our hands off of it. I ordered the farro malloreddus with sardinian lamb ragu and it was delicious! They also gave us plenty of bread on the side and the wait staff was incredibly helpful and kind. The only reccommendation that I have is to question the cost of your wine glass prior to ordering. I asked for a suggestion from the bartender and ended dropping about $16 for a glass of wine. It was a shock in the end, but it tasted great through out the night.
We came here on a Monday for Philly Restaurant Week.  I think I was content on skipping the entire week, but we've wanted to check out Osteria for awhile now, especially after the renovations. 

I knew it would be a great night when I found an easy free parking spota block away.  When we walked in, we were greeted and seated at the far end of the restaurant.  Throughout the evening, the service was among the best.  Very attentive, but not pushy.  An incredible balance, where I knew we were being taken care of.  I love my water test, where I believe a good establishment won't let your water go empty...  This place had large bottles of water at the table and I don't think this has ever happened to me before, but they swapped it out when it was getting low.  The simplest signs of care really mean all the difference to me.  

My wife and I split a family style meal that was the best  "restaurant week" meal we've ever had.  It was authentic to their menu, items they generally always make, and worth the money.

Our meal started with ribeye tartare and burrata.   Both incredible flavor and filling.  Next up was the francobolli and candele.  Fantastic pastas and we were told two of their most popular items.  The candele with the wild boar bolognese was one of my favorite bites of the night.  Should we have boxed this up though?  No, that would have been foolish...  right?  Enjoy it now, while it's at its best...  

Veal tongue and the roasted duck breast arrived to our table as I was ready to give up eating.  Can't say I had veal tongue before this, but I enjoyed the dish.  The duck was cooked perfectly, but similar to other duck dishes we've consumed in the past.  Again, I thought about taking some home, but we fought through it to finish our plates.  

I wasn't expecting dessert, but the chef added a polenta "budino", which was a pleasant surprise.  We thought we had to order that on it's own and we would have gotten the warm chocolate tortino, but why not try this?  If we weren't so full, we would have gotten both desserts, but after so much food, the "budino" was a light and tasty ending to our meal.  I'm craving hazelnuts now after this creative treat.  

Cocktails did the job and just the whole night was what I look for when I go out.  Good food, service, and company.  Free parking too!
I am in no rush to go back to Osteria.  The food was great, but definitely pricey.  I agree with Erin A's review -- I paid about $75 for a pizza, 1/2 an app and splitting one of the less expensive bottles of wine.  
What really struck me is the astmosphere --something about it just felt wrong, too industrial, too forced, and the too-small table for two sealed the deal.
Been several times- usually it's a 4-5, this time it was more like a 3 star. Our most recent was on New Year's Eve and We were seated Immediately.  Maybe it was just because of the holiday but something was off. The service which is usually impeccable was slow and almost standoffish. I kept watching our waiter mill around with the water containers or wiping glasses. 

We were provided menus but then it took a very long time for the waiter to come back and take our drink order. I thought we already hand when my friend mentioned that we were still waiting. 

Finally we got our drinks. Ordered the crudo and grilled octopus. Then hubby and I shared the aged ribeye and our friend had a pasta dish. 

We got the octopus and they dropped off a tartare- when I mentioned to the server that we didn't order tartare- she quickly apologized and offered us the dish anyway. I was going to turn it down but my friend said - why not?  Luckily I listened to her because it was one of the best dishes and I am not a raw meat kind of girl. But that and the crudo were perfectly done. The octopus was a little sad and presented poorly- I definitely have had better here. The steak was tough and over cooked - even though we asked for medium - it was more like medium well. We asked for a side of potatoes (cheesey) and those were also fab. 

In the end, the tartare, crudo and cheesey potatoes were the best of the evening. Will I be back? Of course, it's Marc Vetri for goodness sakes.
Osteria
640 N Broad St, Philadelphia, PA 19130 (215) 763-0920

I give you, Osteria. A seasonal Italian menu permeates the rustic feel of this place with a huge beautiful wood brick oven centered open kitchen serving up homemade pizzas as the centerpiece.  This is the second restaurant in the famous Vetri family of restaurants after of course Vetri, which I have also reviewed here.
Osteria opened in 2007 and has since become one of the East Coast's most famous Italian restaurants garnering much critical acclaim. Chefs Marc Vetri and Jeff Michaud certainly do the restaurant justice. 

An osteria in Italy was originally a place serving wine and simple food. Lately, the emphasis has shifted to the food, but menus tend to be short, with an emphasis on local specialties such as pasta, grilled meat or fish, and often served at shared tables. Ideal for a cheap lunch, osterie (the plural in Italian) also cater for after work and evening refreshment. Osterie vary greatly in practice: some only serve drinks and clients are allowed to bring in their own food; some have retained a predominantly male clientele whilst others have reached out to students and young professionals.

Very appropriately, the restaurant signage incorporates a bottle of wine in the process of being uncorked to suggest the Italian origins of the name.

Simple flowers decorate the wooden tables to give the restaurant a rustic feel in keeping with a traditional osteria theme.

A spacious dining area with open air vistas onto the patio and an enclosed glass seating area give one the feeling he is outside in an open air market.

The meal begins with a mix of breads, the most notable being some cheese-bread sticks laid on the top of the various housemade breads. Of course, olive oil accompanies the bread.

Osteria makes their own limoncello to give their Sicilian Lemonade the most delicious flavor.

Amazing Cocktail: Sicilian Lemonade: house made limoncello, fresh mint, lime.

Limoncello is made from lemon zest, or peels without the pith, steeped in rectified spirit (pure ethyl alcohol 95% ABV) until the oil is released. The resulting yellow liquid is then mixed with simple syrup. Varying sugar to water ratio and temperature will affect the clarity, viscosity, and flavor.

To start the meal off we chose the special: Osteria's take on a classic Italian dish: the bruschetta.  It was not quite as amazing as I had hoped given the hype over this restaurant.  However, I was already on my second mouth-watering Sicilian Lemonade, so I didn't really pay too much attention to this obvious faux pas. The bread was a little too charred for my taste and the tomatoes were either soaked in juice or were just saturated too long because they were literally the consistency of an over-ripened peach. They didn't taste bad by any means, but I'm used to a little more crunch  to my tomatoes. This is of course personal preference talking here as I'm sure others would love some squishy tomatoes but I like a little crunch in my bunch of veggies.

Next up, in my quest for being a culinary-adventurer, I decided on the grilled veal sweetbread spiedini with stonefruits and pine nuts. The term "spiedie" comes from the Italian spiedo meaning spit or spiedini referring to cubes or balls of meat cooked on a skewer.  Hence we are able to see the sweetbread (spiedini) served on a skewer (spiedo). Sweetbread of course refers to thymus (also called throat, gullet, or neck sweetbread) or the pancreas (also called heart, stomach, or belly sweetbread), especially of the calf (ris de veau) and lamb (ris d'agneau), and less commonly of beef and pork. Since veal is generally produced from young male calves, I'm assuming I was eating pancreas, but it is of course impossible to tell. The sweetbread itself is very chewy and largely tasteless which is balanced by the sweetness of the stonefruit and pine nuts. The pine nuts are the small yellow seeds visible while the stone fruit are the orange fruits surrounding the skewer.

My dinner companion's mozzarella cheese balls with tomato sauce was decidedly better than the sweetbread.

Grilled wild Alaskan king salmon with zucchini, herb oil and salmon terrine. Terrine is a French forcemeat (mixture of ground, lean meat emulsified with fat) loaf similar to a pt, made with more coarsely chopped ingredients. So in this dish, the terrine would be the pink half circle wrapped in the zucchini skin. The salmon itself was a bit raw for my taste. I like the fish to be pink (medium preparation) while this salmon seemed at any moment ready to swim off my plate. I also prefer the salmon to be descaled , but that is personal preference.  It wasn't bad, but as my friend would say, "I was eating it because it was there."
One of my all time favorite restaurants. Quality service, fantastic entrees, and the best pizza there is.
We stopped in Osteria on a Thursday night and it was relatively busy. We have been wanting to try Osteria for a while now because we love the other Vetri restaurants and we love Alla Spina. The space is very nice and the staff are very friendly and helpful. The service was attentive but not overly so. We started off with appetizers and went with the sweetbreads and the octopus salad. The salad was quite good and the char on the octopus was just enough to give it that charcoal taste while still keeping the octopus nice and tender, the arugula went well with it and it was a good portion. The sweetbreads came with fruit that was either sauteed or braised in a simple syrup. The sweetbreads were wonderfully cooked and went extremely well with the fruit. For our entrees we went with the asparagus pasta and the suckling pork special. The pasta was awesome, definitely made fresh and it tasted as though they cooked the pasta in maybe some vegetable or some chicken stock which gave it another added layer of flavor. The suckling pig was amazing, I need to get some pork and brine it for 4 days like they do with theirs. It takes the flavors to another level, they give you a little of everything and I wish that I would have ordered it twice. I wanted to try their polenta but forgot to put in an order so I will next time. We ended the meal with the chocolate flan which is really like a chocolate lava cake and the hazelnut crostata. Both were good but not really memorable to be honest and that's why I removed 1 star. There were other things on the dessert menu that I wanted to try and maybe I just didn't choose well, it might just be me. Anyways I would say a solid dinner and I would recommend this to anyone looking for a nice place to go out or to take friends. We will definitely be returning in the future.
Since I stand behind the reviews I write, I need to tell you that if you want to have one of the best dining experiences of your life.... go to Osteria and sit at the bar when STEVEN is working.  Tell him to take good care of you and then.... TRUST HIM!    He is very good at what he does. VERY  good..   The food is amazing.  Steven will guide you through an amazing experience.   He guided my GF and I through the best meal we've ever had in Philly.    Osteria is for REAL!   (If you don't sit with Steven, that's up to you. Don't blame me).
