Oyster House was recommended by a work colleague. I decided to check it out and I was not disappointed.

The service was excellent. When I entered the restaurant I was immediately greeted and seated. After a few minutes a server showed up, took my drink order, brought me the drink and asked if I was ready to order. I asked a few questions and ordered. The food came out piping hot and was delicious. 

Highly recommend!
This is my "go to" restaurant for any ocassion: birthdays, celebrations, or just because. Service is usually always good. 

It's the best place in Philly to get oysters because they have a large variety, they're fresh, and they know how to shuck them. Out of the many times I've been here over the years, I've never found part of the shell in my oyster. I tend to go with the West coast oysters (kusshi, kumamoto, and recently had goose point for the first time) because they're less salty and have a refreshing cucumbery taste. Their raw bar menu is always changing and the servers are always knowledgeable about the type of oyster or clam available. 

If it's your first time going, you have to get the lobster roll. Best in the area and arguable better than most NE lobster rolls. It's a super buttery roll overstuffed with large chunks of fresh lobster.  Everything on the menu is great with my other favorites being the fried calamari, fisherman's stew, and pan seared scallops.

Don't be afraid to get their desserts too! The menu is always changing but I'm always impressed with the dessert.
Oyster House has a very descriptive name but it sounds like it could be found anywhere. Located in Center City, the place appeared to be a perfect stop for the happy hour and after work crowd. Many tables were filled with men in suits and women in shift dresses but there was still enough variety in the clientele to assume that this is a popular place among the locals in general.

Known for their oysters and lobster, we decided to get both, with the Moravian Raw Bar Sampler. It consisted of 12 oysters, 6 clams, 6 shrimp, a half lobster, scallop ceviche, and a seafood salad. I always love the towering presentations of these things and the variety of oysters did not disappoint. The seafood tasted cold and fresh. 

I got their lobster roll for my entree and it was of the New England style. Looking at it, I was worried that it was too heavily dressed in mayonnaise but after delving into it the flavors were bold, the meat was juicy and the mayo perfectly brought it all together. The roll was buttered and toasted, making it firm enough to hold up to the generous portion of lobster. The fries were hand cut, salted, and crispy.

We enjoyed Oyster House. Despite their not taking reservations, they were delightful over the phone and they were able to accommodate our large group with no issue.
It was nice to come to the Oyster House..I hadn't been in years..but truly the thing I remember is the quality of food and that hasn't changed!  Everything was delicious!  

It get crowded quickly...so keep that in mind!  I arrived during Happy Hour. but also had a reservation for dinner!  There appeared to be some rule about which drinks were discounted until 5p but the HH was from 4-7p?  So maybe it was me..but it was confusing? Lol

I had the seared scallops and my friend had the oysters and swordfish!   Each dish was prepared perfectly and the service was great!

Now, that I have returned..I will keep the Oyster House at the top of my list of places for good HH and dinner in a moderate price range!
When your chef friends want to meet at a restaurant, it's a sure sign it rocks hard.  I like to meet friends here for the $1 oyster happy hour and eat as many as we can before we die from iodine poisoning.  The beer is cold and local, the bartenders are super knowledgeable and friendly, and their shuckers are perfectionists -- each oyster is perfectly opened and slides out gracefully with no creepy slurping action necessary. 

Gorgeous lobster rolls on toasty buns and razor clams dipped in butter are my other two favorite dishes. Be sure to get here early for happy hour, Oyster House is hugely popular with the successful business sorts in Center City and fills up quickly!
My husband and I were in the mood for something different over the weekend so we decided to treat ourselves to delivery from Oyster House. Two entrees, plus all the associated delivery fees, came close to $70, but we enjoyed our entrees and were happy to have a night off from cooking. 

I had the pan roasted flounder with broccoli, chickpeas and tahini. I wasn't crazy about the tahini and would likely ask for that on the side next time. The fish was cooked perfectly, however, and the dish was overall a nice, healthy meal. My husband had the fisherman's stew which had great flavor. 

I'd love if Oyster House offered some healthy sides like roasted vegetables or baked potatoes. We weren't feeling fries or salads so we ended up making a side at home to complement our entrees. Solid experience overall, though, and we'd definitely order from them again!
i've come to realize that there are so few things i need when i go out to eat, and yet many, many a place fall woefully inadequate. 

when i first moved to philly, and by chance discovered oyster house, their late night happy hour was something of a destination. i would choose restaurants based on their proximity to oyster house, or even leave the house again just to go. i've aged considerably since then, and now struggle to stay awake past 9pm. it's no loss though, their brunch and dinner options have been just as delightful (though admittedly less budget friendly, i mean, buck a shuck is insane!), and without the horrendous wait.

brunch cocktails are solid, and a steal at $18 for endless refills, or the very reasonable $9-13 for the less ambitious. the boy and i agree the "judi is" is the best punch on the menu, but we're both partial to passion fruit, so you should just try them all and judge for yourself. 

clams and oysters always fresh, plump and sweet. i've never had a grainy, poorly washed or mushy, old raw product here. i think that's quite a feat. 

a summer ago i had a side dish for dinner with roasted yellow zucchini, parsley, goat cheese served with lemon wedges. i still make this side for dinners at home; it's simple, but a stunner. 

same goes for my sauteed scallops at brunch. the dish features bitter greens, corn, okra, and scallops in a light orange saffron sauce. the worst thing i can think to say about it was that the greens were a bit overpowering, and i would've perhaps liked to see another sweet element (sweet potato?) or a stronger acidic component (orange not very apparent in the sauce) to balance out the bitterness. this is a matter of personal taste though, and i really am splitting hairs.

i love this restaurant in the day. it's airy and bright; it's very casual but not dirty or rundown. the stairs leading to the bathroom seem a little perilous to me, but i am beyond clumsy so i won't hold this against them. 

the walls are decorated with ornate and unique oyster plates, which happen to be one of my favorite things. i like most of my life to run as efficiently as possible, and cannot tolerate clutter or excess. my only weakness is anything that goes in the kitchen. i love kitchenware that are so highly specific they are useless except for a single purpose. bonus if they're beautifully crafted, then hung on a wall rendering them completely useless. be still, my intemperate heart.

service is attentive but relaxed. i never want to flag someone down, but i also do not enjoy staff practically breathing on me as i'm easily made uncomfortable. oyster house has never strayed from that delicate balance of easygoing helpfulness. this place is a winner, guys.
Remember Sansom Oyster House? Since their reboot, their dining room is more open, ample seating catering to groups. It can get noisy, but that comes with the territory; they're popular. Even so, it's typically not an issue snagging seats during the week.

Try the roasted oyster sampler ($15), which scores you a pair of: oysters Rockefeller, oysters Espanol (chorizo and cilantro lime butter), and Portuguese (anchovy butter, parsley, and lemon). Their lobster bisque isn't bad, and the clam chowder satisfies.

Looking for a creative way to down an oyster? Ask for a Chihuahua shot (especially during happy hour): this creative concoction is a mix of hot pepper, cilantro pepper-infused vodka, and tomato juice. It's surprisingly pleasant, but be wary, these dogs sneak up on you!

No matter how you shuck it, the Oyster House is the place to sklork oysters.
Fun and trendy, we decided we needed to take advantage of the 'buck a shuck' happy hour.  It's a great deal and is offered M-F from 5-7.  They also have $1 clams as well as $3 draft special and $5 fruity punch drink.  We went on a Friday night and were very lucky to snag 2 spots at the bar.  We had a great conversation with a local named Beverly.  She had obviously been there several times and seemed to have a personal bar tender who in turn became our bar tender as well.  The service was excellent all night.  We started with oysters, clams, and the octopus appetizer.  I'm not a huge fan of oysters and clams but really loved the octopus that was perfectly cooked and very tender.   We had a few drinks and decided to split a lobster roll and slaw. I thought there was a great amount of lobster in the roll. The fries were tasty and the slaw was super refreshing and delicious.  Is it a bit on the pricy dude, yes but overall I thought it was very worth it. Being from Detroit, a lobster roll is a treat and one that I'm willing to pay for if it's decent.

Stopping here was a last minute decision and a good one at that. If you do stop in I suggest a spot at the bar (first come, first served) for friendly conversation and great service. They take reservations for parties of 6 or more.  We were too stuffed for dessert but they sounded delicious.  I will definitely return the next time I'm in Philly and am looking for great seafood!
As of right now, Oyster House is my favorite spot for shuck a buck. I've been dying to try Oyster House since finding them on Yelp few weeks back. Finally got a chance to try them this Saturday during their HH. When I arrived around 10pm. Oyster House is "jammed pack". What I mean is you can't walk anywhere without "excuse me" and "sorry" over and over again. Me and hubby were seated around 10:30 at the raw bar. Raw bar is the only seatings you can get HH menu. 

We got Kelly's Punch, clam chowders, Lobster roll, Seared Scallops, Oysters of the night during HH (Chesapeake), and Kusshi Oysters. I once thought RL got the best clam chowder but not after OH. Oyster House Clam chowder is one of the BEST in philly. Kelly's punch tastes like sangria with ginger, not my favorite. Lobster roll and Seared Scallops are oooh soooo good. I can't even describe how delicious they were, but we did cleared both of the entrees. Especially the sauce in Seared Scallops, I wanna lick the bowl clean lol. I didn't forget about the oysters, they were so fresh and tasty. For $1 each, is definitely worth it. And the Kusshi Oyster got cucumber flavor to it, which is so good. But it came with a hefty price tag of $3.50 each, I got two at $7.00. Probably will treat myself in the future.

Really loved the food. But it is very crowded in there. But I will return for their clam chowders and oysters during HH.
I had not been to Oyster house in years and we were thrilled at the top-tier service and delicious food our work-group of 7 received.  Everything from booking our reservation (Only for large parties), to requesting separate checks for each of the 7 diners (so convenient) to attentive and friendly service from Joey.  Shout out to Joey - he was "workin' it" and was just amazing.

The ladies at the hostess desk were terrific too.
And the "shuckers" at the raw bar were shucking at top speed.

Food was swimmingly fresh - I had the pan-sauteed flounder with delectable lemon-butter green beans that were perfectly crisp yet tender. Our group enjoyed a plethora of raw-bar apps, soups (Chowdah) and lunch entrees and everything was out of this world.

My only wish?  That you could sub something for fries with the lobster roll. (I am a low-carber and can't have the roll or the fries.)  I would have LOVED to have some lobster.  One person ordered the lobster roll and it looked soooooo good.

It get's super, super crowded and noisy in here so be forewarned - but Oyster House is still doing a brisk and healthy business years later.

Wonderful!
A lot to like!

Locals location with plenty of out of towners and business guys. Bar tending staff knows their stuff, though the pace of the place might have them lose their sense of craftsmanship. 

Good menu (they have oysters!) and options. Service pretty solid. Things could be more robust on the menu, but it's a hard place not to like.
Five stars because of the bartender alone.  Katie Loeb is famous in Philly, and continues to win awards and get accolades in the press.  Not just because she is a fantastic mixologist, but she's also warm and friendly.  If she had not been here when I came in, 3.5 to 4 stars.  But she was here!

I had some oysters, and that wasn't enough so I had to have the fried oysters, large-size.  Don't get the small sized ones unless you like the taste of batter more than oysters.  It's kinda like popcorn shrimp, just an excuse to eat batter and dip it in cool sauce.  Anyhows, the fried oysters were tender and juicy on the inside and crispy on the outside, and perfectly seasoned.

But what really surprised me was the cole slaw that came with the fried oysters.  Possibly the best I've ever had!  The cabbage was crunchy, not limp.  There were onions and I think a few tiny pickles here and there.  Perfectly dressed and not drowning in boring mayonnaisey-based white watery crap.

Back to the oysters.  Get your oysters here, their turnover is huge, ensuring absolutely the freshest oysters possible.  And they have a great selection which changes often.
Gorgeous restaurant, great service, and delicious oysters!

Happy hour Monday through Friday 5pm - 7pm & Saturday 9pm - 11pm
- $1 oysters
- $3 shooters
- $3 draft
- $5 punch

We ordered clam chowder ($8) and oysters to share. On their dinner menu, they have 10+ kinds of oysters, raw bar samplers (very worth, in my opinion!), small plates, and large plates like burgers, lobster rolls, and grilled fish. 

Great vibes!
I LOVE oysters and was glad to find a place in Philly that serves $1 oysters for happy hour. Unlike what I've tried in Boston, this place has the dollar special on only one type of oyster for the day but it's all good. The oysters tasted fresh and it was a fun time to hang out with a few friends. My only complaint would be that I wish there were also some other food/drink specials. Beers are around $5-6 and all other entrees are too pricey for a happy hour :( I tried the clam chowder and it tasted fresh and yummy but I prefer a much thicker chowder. As for the turtle soup, it was definitely a bit too much flavor for me. A bit too strong in nutmeg or something along the line of that. It was just all too weird with the spices and sweetness of the soup that I really was not a fan of that. Will I be returning again? Maybe but there is at least one more oyster special I have to check out in CC before deciding :)
I came here with two friends for restaurant week, the place was pretty pack, but the staff manages to get us a table. 

They had a special for that week with was not bad for 35 dollars a 3-course meal. 

My overall pick for my meal was for the app appetizer the New England Clam Chowder, my main course the Maryland Crab Cake and for my dessert the Dark Chocolate Panna Cotta.

The New England Clam Chowder with was amazing, very flavorful and not salty and big portion for my surprise adding hot sauce and cookies give that extra touch of greatest. 

Maryland Crab Cake a big piece of crab that is a form of a cake with came asparagus, what to say about this dish with was delicious the portion was perfect.

For my dessert I had the chocolate cake with was good.

My friends and I also share fried calamari and oysters with were great.
Yesterday, I attended the annual oyster shucking competition at Oyster House, where professionals and amateurs battle it out to see who can schuck the best. 

The five dollar cover charge to watch the competition was completely tacky. Yes, oysters were passed around to guests after they were shucked, but they were donated to begin with. The bar was full and mostly everyone had a drink in hand; money was being made. So that's how I felt about that.

Otherwise, the crowd was great, the event was a good time, and the bloody Marys were on-point.
Absolutely loved the dinner I had here over the weekend. I'd read that it can get busy on weekends, but we took our chances and came by around 7:15pm on Saturday. It was packed, but since there were just two of us, they offered us seats right away at the raw bar, which we jumped at. It was fun to watch the shuckers at work (and made it easy to toss a tip directly into their jar on the other side of the glass partition). Very stylish restaurant that's generously laid out. 

We knew we wanted oysters, but weren't really sure where to start. Our server kindly picked out four options he thought we'd like, and gave us two apiece. Each one was incredibly delicious, and I liked that they selected a good variety. We also split the clam bake as a main, which seemed like too good a deal to pass up. It was a messy, heavenly delight, chock full of sausage, corn, potatoes, clams, mussels, and lobster, and more than filled us up. All the flavors mix with one another in the most delectable way, and was complemented well by the melted butter that came alongside. Cocktails were generous and very tasty. We got a butterscotch pudding for dessert that was very flavorful but not too heavy...the perfect way to finish off an amazing meal. 

Would absolutely recommend this place. We might have been lucky in terms of being seated quickly, but I would have gladly waited for a table if it had come to it.
I came for Saturday happy hour which starts at 9pm and it was packed.  $1 James river oysters were delicious and $3 kenzinger beer was great.  I also tried the Cape May oysters which were sweeter and also good and the kushi oysters which were briny and small but pretty good but for 3 times the price, I wouldn't mind getting more $1 oysters.  Lobster roll was also half price and also pretty good.  I would definitely come back for happy hour specials, just come a little early if you don't want a long wait.
This place is absolutely amazing! It is quite loud but the freshness of the food  is outstanding. Definitely coming back for more next time I'm in town. The scallops were out of this world.
Had my first turtle soup experience and it was gooood! I even did it right and threw in a few splashes of the sherry that added that extra something to it, if you know what a mean. #drunkenturtlesoup  

 Came across Oyster House as we had been doing the morning tourist thing. Hunger struck upon us and luck would have it, this place was within steps of that immediate Yelp search moment. A nice, polished spot where we could do a little sit  down brunchin' was something we were willing to splurge on but nothing that would break the bank. This place seemingly fit the bill. 

As we walked in,the decor immediately drew me in. We first wanted that brunch cocktail that our server was alerted of just 2 seconds after our behinds touched our seats. We were not just hungry but thirsty! He was quick to go over the drink options and came back with a menu. Collectively we agreed on the bloody mary. I can't say it was the best but not bad. I recall thinking it needed extra spicing to it.

As for the meal, I ordered the crab cakes. Again, it wasn't the best but it was good. It was flaky, moist and most of all, no fillers. Pure crab bliss. We then wanted to end on a good note and treat ourselves to some dessert. We went with the chocolate ganache pudding pie...Oh my. Also bliss.  Chocolaty rich but without me wanting to stop after each bite. I couldn't think of a better way to wrap up or dining experience here. 

Our server was great and entertained us. We felt relaxed, drank and were fed a good, solid meal in a cool, classy, comfy environment. Thank you Oyster House. We were done and ready to continue the rest of our gallivanting travel of Philly.
BEWARE OF THE LONG WAIT DURING HAPPY HOUR. Yes the oysters are only a $1, but the wait for a dozen of them took maybe 30min to 45min. That is just something customers need to deal with since everyone wants oysters. People can try to come in earlier for happy hour if one does not like waiting. The crowds also get pretty crazy so be ready to get comfortable with everyone next to you! I did like the fact that people can order however many oyster he or she wishes. There is no minimum to an order if that makes sense. 

The oysters were pretty good and decently sized. The waiters could be a little bit more attentive because I had to ask several times for certain items (i.e more water or lemon slices for the oysters).

I definitely recommend having friends split up and put names down for Oyster House AND mission taqueria upstairs. Might as well try to kill two birds with one stone. My sister and I literally did happy hour at mission taqueria and then bounced into oyster house for some more deals :)
I'm here pretty much for the oysters, one of the best places in Philadelphia. I can't say I've been here for anything else... they have all kinds of oysters, from the raw bar to the fried, and yes, they are good. A loud, rowdy kind of place near Rittenhouse.

The chefs have changed (and thus the recipe) a few times, so I no longer get the other food, but it's not usually the reason I'm there! A good place for a single kind of food, which doesn't make a great restaurant, though it is still a good one.
A few years ago I started a tradition where I take my mom out for dinner as a Christmas gift. Just her and I and I pick the restaurant. One of the first places we went to was the Oyster House just after it had reopened. Back then I hadn't started earning a decent paycheck and I remember calculating everything in my head as we ordered tray upon tray of oysters. That's no way to dine. My mom is a huge oyster fan (as am I) and this past year has been a tough one for my fam so I wanted to go with a sure thing for dinner, back to the O H. 

We came the day after Christmas and with mom running a little late I was worried we wouldn't get a seat for the buck a shuck happy hour. Uber dropped us off right at 6:00 and the place was jumping but we were sat right away at the corner of the raw bar. With money less of an issue this time around I was ready to burn this mother down. Right off the bat we started with the oyster shooters. Gin / Cucumber / Dill was on special so we knocked those back, put in our beer orders, and were ready to receive our oysters. The buck a shuck oysters were Delaware Bay and we banged out 36 right out the gate. In all honesty I would have been fine getting another 36 or 72 and not worry about the other food but we had plans to go to Dandelion after wards and bar hopping with your mom with nothing but raw oysters in the belly seemed like the makings of a hilarious albeit embarrassing story. 

I got the roasted oysters chimichurri and mom got the fried oysters with chicken salad. Mine only came with 4 oysters but God bless were they good. The flavor was just about perfect, savory with a tiny bit of spice and I found myself desperately scraping the shell for any last morsels I could get. I didn't try mom's fried oysters but I know she loved them and the chicken salad was delicious. We also split a side of roasted brussel sprouts with bacon, boo-ya-ka! They were the perfect compliment to the meal. 

It was a great experience all around. The workers were fantastic, the shuckers shucked their shucking hearts out, and the other diners were really friendly as well. It was so good and so much fun we may have my mom's 60th B-day there.
It's all in how you want to eat. If you want to sit at a loud bar and slurp oysters, this place is awesome. If you want to sit down for a quiet meal, this isn't the place. 

The things that will make this place truly awesome is a better beverage list. I have been told that the sommelier from Zahav has been hired to revamp the list. That is this the only reason I am giving this place a 4 star review than 3.
I love the new and improved Oyster House! So refreshing.  As soon as you walk in you feel transported to a little seaside getaway - but the parking garage across the street quickly reminds you where are you are.

Despite the view on Samson, it's the high ceilings, dark wood floors and paneling, cool marble bar and stark large white subway tiles that breathe room into this space.  What a reno!  I also love the contrast of the shabby-chic oyster plates hung up on the back walls of the dining room -   Though I didn't venture too far in the back, it seems like the bathrooms (why downstairs?) are an afterthought.  The narrow stairs only allow one person to go up and down and it's total traffic bottlenecking - Oyster House needs to rethink that space.

Service is helpful (but our waiter was a bit absent-minded - sent us a pear martini with olives instead of a dirty martini with olives - blech!) and friendly --  but they do expect you to eat.  Menu is all seafood all the time, with only a few salads and one or two sides that can feed your allergic-to-shellfish or fussy-eating friend.

Nice menu offerings, with Oysters (duh) taking center stage.  Entrées are a wee bit expensive ($28 for a lobster roll sandwich?)  But with the $1 Oyster Happy hour special you can't go wrong.  If you love a little entertainment with your grub, you can seat yourself in front of the raw bar guys and watch as they shuck your meal together. 

Drink and wine list is well-edited - They even offer up a nice twist on my favorite cocktail from home: The Ceasar. (it is a gagillion times better than the Blood Mary - trust me - see my recipe below**)  I have yet to find a place ANYWHERE in Philadelphia that makes the original, but Oyster House gives it a whirl calling it the "Blonde Ceasar" made with Orange Heirloom tomato juice and clam juice - Don't knock it until you try it.  It is served with a lavender scented green bean! Yum!

**A true Canadian ceasar:
- Rub rim of glass with a lime wedge and then rim glass in celery salt.
- Add Ice, 2 ounces of Vodka, Mott's Clamato (This is important! You MUST use Clamato), sprinkle of celery salt, splash of Worcestershire sauce, splash of Tabasco sauce, squeeze juice of one lime wedge.
-Stir well and add a small celery stalk for garnish
Impeccable service and great happy hour specials, especially 9-11 on Saturdays. Great place to start the night! 

$5 oyster shooter... tequila shooters over gin shooters. :)
Philly Mag deemed this place 2011's Best Power Lunch for a reason. I felt so empowered afterward, I had to leave work for a bit just to try and let some of the power diffuse to the rest of the city.

These oysters are the real deal. They are the kind of oysters I get the urge to stuff sand inside, hoping they pop out some crazy pearls that look as perfect as these guys taste. Fresh, plump, delightfully slimy  - incredibly refreshing on a hot day. I opted for the Cape May, but be aware that the raw bar menu changes seasonally.

The lobster roll (which, keep in mind, is not particularly large) is a whopping 26 bucks, but just try to divert your mind from that wee little fact as you take a bite of this glorious creation. The chunks of meat are large, tender, and full of flavor. The bun is toasted just right and generously buttered (but not too much!). As far as I can tell, there is nothing else quite like it in Philly thus far. My li'l dining buddy went for the OH burger, which was fine, but was clearly living in the shadow of its more attractive older (lobster) sister.

This place is definitely pricey, but I guess power has to come at some sort of cost. Be sure to come by during the buck a shuck happy hour to get more bang for your shuck. (I'm clever, I know)
came on a summer wednesday for the lobster twin dinner and i am so mad at myself for only going once! great oysters, great clam chowder and crispy fries with a flavorful aioli. 

THE LOBSTERS ugh SO YUM. they were steamed to perfection and so much meat. honestly probably the best lobster i've ever had. the service was great and the indoor vibes of this place are a modern hip vibe which i enjoyed. definitely going to try coming here for happy hour for some oyster shooters
Met a fellow yelper here for dinner and we both sprang for the $26 lobster rolls.  Big, meaty and the real deal!  Excellent - and the toasted, buttered top-split NE-Style bun was just right.

I subbed tender green beans ($2 up-charge, dang it!) for the fries.

My Arnold Palmer was quite tasty, too, with 1/2 iced tea and 1/2 "rosemary" lemonade.  Herbaceous yet refreshing.

I would come back - but for the price (a bit too high) I won't be running back.
Got here just in time for happy hour on a bustling Saturday evening. While we waited for a table inside we enjoyed happy hour outdoors under covered heated seating. Great prices & some warmth, really can't go wrong. We waited no more than 20 minutes and our table was ready. Inside tables were spread out and limited to a certain amount of people there were also dividers around the raw bar. I felt totally safe dining here and they did temp check us at the door.  Now on to the food- superb. The dishes are really thoughtful, beautiful & fresh. 

After having one dollar oysters and beers during happy hour we started with some grilled oysters, seafood salad and lobster bisque for dinner. The lobster bisque was creamy rich and delicious. It had nice chunks of tender lobster in it. The seafood salad was a pleasant surprise being a special of the day, we didn't really know what to expect. The dressing was very light and citrusy while  being a tad bit creamy pairing very nicely with the fresh shrimp mussels and calamari. Another showstopper was the grilled oysters! They somehow get the Parmesan to remain in a liquid state melting together with the butter and oyster. Might need two orders of those! Also loved the sea bass and the fried seafood platter.Everything we ate was delicious.
Outstandingly good littleneck clams, oyster po' boys, and mind blowingly tasty chocolate panna cotta!

COVID-19 prevention measures in place -- greatly appreciated.

Splendid table service each and every time.

No trip to Philly is complete without a pilgrimage to Oyster House. Seriously.
I mean here's the deal: anywhere with $1 oysters and cans of sofia on the happy hour menu, I'm going to like.

So that's the good news.

The waitstaff didn't really know what they were doing, and kept taking our plates away before we were done. Our waitress also seemed like her head was in the clouds, because it definitely wasn't in the oyster house. 

so minus 2 for service, but the food was good.
The Oyster House never disappoints.  The oysters are always fresh and the servers know their stuff.  They'll lead you in the right direction if you prefer a briny vs. a sweet oyster. The soups, fries & entrees never disappoint either.  Due to my schedule, I usually only hit the last 15 minutes of happy hour, but on Friday I had the luxury of getting there for the start of it.  If you're hitting up this happy hour on a Friday, GET THERE EARLY.  We arrived at 4:59 on the dot and got the last bar table.  Thirty seconds after we arrived, there wasn't a single seat left in the bar area.  Unfortunately, the happy hour specials are not available in the dining room. 

The buck-a-shuck and drink specials ($3 draft, $5 cocktail) are great. And remember, if you can't get there for the weekday 5-7, they have the same specials on Saturdays 9-11.   If you love oysters & beer, this is your spot.
The oyster house is a modern New England style seafood restaurant serving fresh fish and shellfish. They have a nice raw bar were you can sit and enjoy a variety of oysters that change frequently. 

Today we stopped in to try their snapper turtle soup and bbq oysters. While we were excited to try the soup, after the first bite, and the overpowering taste of clove, we could not finish the bowl. Not only did we taste nothing but clove they were very shy with the turtle. Now for the bbq oysters, the presentation was nice with the addition of the  burning and smoking wood. They were grilled to perfection and the flavor was outstanding. Even though the experience was mixed we would definitely return.
My friend and I Ubered because of the limited street parking and expensive parking lots nearby.

We came for the Happy Hour mostly, so we got here at around 4:45pm. Happy hour is from Monday to Friday 5-7pm and Saturday 9-11pm.  Half of the seats were empty when we got there, and it began to be filled up after we got seated. Highly recommend the raw bar seating area because you can see how they open the raw oysters and clams! We chose the high table seating near the entrance, but it was packed and crowded as more people came into the restaurant!

For drinks, we ordered the $3 Draft Beer and $5 cocktail. It was worth the price! For the raw bar, we ordered a dozen of clams and a dozen of oysters. I didn't like the clams because they were too salty and fishy. However, the oysters were great! Both of them were pretty fresh and juicy. The size of the oysters could a a hit or miss though. 

For entrees, we ordered the lobster roll and three fish chowder. The lobster roll came with a side of french fries too. The meat of the lobster were cold, but the bread were warm which were kind of strange to me. Anyways, the lobster were quiet juicy and fresh!  I liked the fish in the chowder, but I'm not a fun of the chowder itself. It was too watery. I should have ordered the New England chowder. 

The overall service was pretty slow. I only come again for the happy hour oysters and drinks. Overall price could be expensive depending on how hungry you are (I ended up spending around $50). Recommend to come to the happy hour as early as possible!
Great ambience.  We were greeted with smile as soon as we entered.

Split grilled whole lobster 4/5: right level of saltiness.  Lobster meat seemed fresh.  Don't forget to put on a bib before the lobster juice splashes on you when you try to break that claw...

Lobster roll with fries 3.5/5.  Fries was crispy.  The roll tasted fairly well, but it could have had a bit more lobster.

Scotch  pudding 4/5.  You just have to try it!  

Will try their oyster next time.
It is imperative that you try the grilled oysters.  You can get good oysters in a lot of places, but their grilled oysters are a match made in heaven.  So why only a 3?  Because their service is more than half the time annoying that it cannot go unnoticed.  Not a a fan of giving things more credit than what they deserve.

Service... SIGH.  I have been here so many times, and each time I have something to bitch about.  Only at this place.  They always do something that's an absolute inexcusable no-no.  I get it if we have  to wait a while because the place is packed, but no.  We wait a while because a server would be standing by the bar shooting the breeze with other staff.  AND the place would be pretty much empty.  More recently, I came here for a happy hour on a Thursday evening with a group.  We had a server, but he never came back to our table after 15+ minutes.  Which is fine, because the restaurant was packed to the gills, so I trust that he's busy.  We were sitting at the bar area and asked the bartender for help. Here was our dialogue:

Me:  Can you help us  place can order?
Bartender with the man-bun:  Do you already have a server?
Me:  Yes, but I haven't seen in in a while
Bartender with the man-bun:  Then you'll have to ask your server.

First, I get that should speak with my server.  Fair enough.  But the very least he could have done was at least say that he'll let the server know/try to help us get his attention next time he sees him, etc.  Instead, he pretty much told us to fu** off (was what I translated that to).  I too once was a food service drone and it's in good practice to help the customer locate their server.  

The only thing saving this place is the grilled oysters.  It's really a life changing experience (for me it was). Don't dump the juice out!  That's the good stuff!!

I would stay away from the burger w/ gorgonzola and fried oyster.  There was way too much gorgonzola cheese that the burger tasted like a moldy salt lick.

The friend clams were pretty terrible, at least when I had it.  The clams were cut to strips so thin it just tasted like over-cooked thinner-than -shoe-string fries.  What a gigantic disappointment.  

Recapping, I am more than a fan of the grilled oysters. But the service here is consistently annoying.  It's almost as if you pretty much need to be a crappy server to work there.  Don't get me wrong, I have had good servers, but those individuals are outliers and/or signs that nepotism is live and well.  Lucky for Oyster House, the grilled oysters are way too good for me to hold a grudge.
Place was packed with people during happy hour time, even on Monday. Plenty of choice of oyster. Tried half dozen of raw clams. Have to admit that I am not a fan of it.
Crab cakes and oysters are SO worth the trip. Although there might be a slight wait, you'll understand why. 

Our waitress was such a doll. She was so kind, funny, and extremely pleasant personally. She never rushed us, gave great recommendations for food and good conversation skills.
Not sure how I've never reviewed this staple place of mine..? Somehow always end up here around Phillies games for some odd reason, but it's a perfectly good place for a nice sit down meal or quick happy hour bite. They have great, rotating happy hour specials (dif beers, oysters, etc) so you can a lot of food/drinks for a great price. There entrees and other non-happy hour items are delicious, especially the fried calamari and grilled octopus. The inside is decorated neutrally, which makes it a great atmosphere. I like how there are high tops, counter seating, window seats and regular tables.

However, it can get pretty loud in here and VERY crowded. There's always a wait, especially around happy hour, and you have to squeeze on the side of the restaurant while trying not to get run over by the entitled rittenhouse crowd as they stampede past you to the podium. The hosts/hostesses are always very patient and accommodating.
Oysters are great and there is no reason that you should not eat them.

According to the Seafood Watch(http://www.seafoodwatch.org),  "farmed oysters account for 95 percent of the world's total oyster consumption. Most oyster farming operations are very well managed and produce a sustainable product."

OK so they are pretty darned environmentally friendly.

"but Brad, I am a vegetarian and cannot eat animals!"

Well good news!  Bivalves lack a central nervous system and are practically mobile plants!

I'd love to go on about why you should eat oysters, but this is supposed to be a review about a specific restaurant and not the institution of oyster eating.  For a more extensive review on this topic, read this:
http://www.slate.com/id/2248998/

Anyhow, the Oyster House happy hour kicks ass.  If you get here at 5, you will probably be treated to a very short wait before being seated.  If you go at 6:30, don't even try.  This place gets ridiculously packed, and for good reason.

The oysters are fabulously fresh and served deliriously cold on a nice bed of shaved ice.  Their menu changes frequently so if you are looking for a specific oyster then it is a good idea to check their website or call ahead.  I'm a huge fan of the Cape May salts and Choptank sweet.

Their cocktail sauce is really good and provides an excellent compliment to the oceanic meatiness of the oyster.  Also, they have plenty of horseradish and oyster crackers to hold you over in between oyster servings.

The service is always very friendly.

On the action-movie-parallel-satisfaction scale, this establishment is Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl.
First night of COVID reopen. Please bring back the fried oysters with chicken salad. It's found no where else . How tough is it to have chicken salad? It's your classic dish. The fried seafood platter was great . Service is always solid. Oysters are as good as they get but no West Coast ones. Always a treat.
Wonderful experience, food and people. Well done. I would spice up the cocktail sauce and the horseradish sauce. Otherwise it was perfect.
Oyster House is awesome. The Seafood is so fresh and Delicious! And the service is great. We ordered the Lobster and the seafood platter it was fantastic. And the Fresh Ginger Beer was  yummy! Oyster House is Located right in the heart of Center City, so parking can be a challenge. However I highly recommend this restaurant.
So here's the setup: I've just boarded a plane that's New Orleans bound.  I have my Yelp New Orleans collection primed and ready to go, featuring recommendations from our esteemed community manager Peter D (and by featuring, I mean blindly stealing his NOLA list).  I burned extra notches into my belts in anticipation of the caloric onslaught my body is about to experience.

And then the flight gets cancelled... Because apparently it's f$&king snowing in New Orleans.

So what's a hungry yelper to do?  Why head to the train station, grab the first train to Philly, and try to recreate NOLA in Philly.  Approximately 4hrs after our complete disappointment, we were eating bbq oysters at the Oyster House.

Great vibe, killer happy hour, and the bbq oysters were a winner.  I'm pretty sure they're not as good as NOLA oysters since the couple next to us randomly said, "Hey if you like grilled oysters, you gotta go to New Orleans"

Thanks dude.  I'll keep that in mind for next time.
SERVICE: had an awesome server girl... she was cool! Took photos for us and came back to make sure if we needed anything else before happy hour is over.

FOOD:
(1) Oysters: I like em raw east coast oysters! 5 stars $1 each... CHEAP!
(2) Calm Chowder:

DRINKS:
(1) Happy hour beer: $3, 5 stars!
(2) Happy hour sangria-thing: $5, 5 stars!

**OVERALL: Happy hour oysters and beer! Go for it! Cheap and nice!
This place gets super busy and understandably so! We thought we arrived pretty early for dinner, and it was still completely packed. I put down a name and number on the waitlist for a table, but we conveniently stumbled upon open corner bar seating for two! No waitlisting needed. Just get in where you fit in at the bar, which reduced our quoted waitlist time from 40 minutes to 0! 

We were quickly attended to by the welcoming bartender and placed our order. She had excellent memory. We ordered the snapper turtle soup, an array of different oysters, and the lobster clam bake. I really enjoyed the turtle soup, as I had never tried turtle before. It was a little chunky with veggies and wasn't overly thick. Possibly tomato-based? Warm and salted just right. The oysters were shucked well with no chipped shells, very fresh, and served with lemon slices, cocktail sauce, and a mignonette. My favorite are the kusshi, which have a melon flavor profile. 

We were given cute bibs and handwipes for our lobster clam bake, and boy, did we need it! Came with a fully split lobster larger than the size of my arm! Butter for dipping. Lots of clams, mussels, corn, potatoes, and sausage underneath. We finished everything but just barely. The clam bake was definitely meant to serve more than the suggested two people. I'm so glad my boyfriend enjoyed his birthday dinner here. I thought it'd be a bust with the huge crowd and wait time, but everything worked out perfectly! Just keep an eye out for seats at the bar!

Ambiance is on the loud side but feels very clean and intimate.
(to the tune of Justin Bieber's instant classic "What Do You Mean?"

What do you mean? ooh, oh
When I wanted a shuck, 
and it costs just a buck...
What do you mean? heyy...
Happy hour's on fleek
Happens 5x a week
What do you mean?
Ooh, what do you mean?
Almost seven, running outta time 
What do you mean?
Things are tasting like brine.
What do you mean?

Oysters so delicious, what I'm saying
line out to the street, I got a spot
Feeling super happy, no complaining,
The Oyster House, this joint is really hot

First you wanna order a beer, then you get a cocktail
Nab some chowder, why not, but oysters prevail
Bottoms up, plop shells down, and we gonna repeat
Oh, you know you gotta go....

Oyster House: probably THE place to see and be seen during weekday happy hours in Center City. I am constantly shocked when I'm able to secure a spot, because there are so many folks (by like, 5:10) lining up, waiting for ANY seat. On my last visit, I was lucky enough to nab a place at the raw bar, right in the heat of the action. There was a great live show (shucking galore), attentive service, and the happy hour prices were on point. However, as we veered off the happy hour a bit, while the quality was fantastic, the price definitely got steep. I don't think it's a treat I can afford every day, especially anytime other than the hours of 5-7pm, but it's one of my favorite places in the city when I'm in the mood for a treat.
Buck-a-shuck happy hour? You had me at hello.

 My boyfriend and I came here for happy hour before a concert.  We arrived close to 5:30 and were seated pretty fast.  We ordered a dozen oysters, a small plate pasta dish that involved calamari (special of the night), the fried ipswich clams (fully belly).  Everything was fantastic.  If we had more time, we probably would have gone for another dozen oysters but we were on a time crunch.  Food was great, and the oysters were a good size and FRESH!  Can't beat this happy hour. 

**5-7PM, $1 oysters, $1 clams, $3 beers and shooters, $5 wine.
Take all of my money, Oyster House.
i like oysters, and thusly oyster houses, i own a copy of m.f.k. fishers "consider the oyster". oysters are fun and humbling to eat, they make grown adults look like kids with their last bit of ice cream sunday, desperately trying to not miss a drop of the goodness. ah. i used to go to the sansom st. oyster house back in the day and while it feels a little fancier now, it also looks great and seems cleaner and more refined. the cocktail list is excellent, a guy like me as as happy as a clam when he can order a "negroni" and an "old fashioned" right of the menu, plus i saw a bottle of "pimms cup" lurking on the shelf and im sure the bartenderess katey knows what to do with it. i would like to go back during happy hour because oysters can be pricey but they were priced appropriately for the city. the wait staff seemed to be well informed and speedy. well, see you over a bivalve soon friends.
This place may be my new favorite restaurant in the city. I have a newfound love of oysters, and proposing my masters thesis seemed like the perfect reason to celebrate. 

The boy and I came here, and sat at the bar while waiting for a table. The bartender was awesome, and helped me pick out a cocktail that wasn't too girly. Big ups to St. Germaine. 

We ended up sitting at the raw bar, watching them shuck, which was a fun distraction. The oysters were super yummy. The famed lobster bisque was great, but being a New England seafood snob, I've had better. But the chunk lobster meat was divine. I had crab cakes, which were also v. good, and the boy got some creole/cajun shrimp thing that was spicy awesomeness. A little pricy, sure, but I was rolling home at the end of the night. So. Good.
Big fan of happy hour special - $1 oysters and drink specials, 5-7pm weekdays and 9-11pm on Saturdays!  The soft shell crab is amazing!

It's a bit pricey outside of happy hour special - so I'd recommend going for the special to save on $.
Love LOVE their happy hour oysters specials. It gets quite packed, so I recommend not bringing large parties for HH especially since seating during this time is limited to at the bar. But if you love oysters, you'll love this place and likely won't mind the wait or crowd. We found them to be fresh, succulent, and absolutely delicious. YUM. 

At your tables/counters you'll see a trifle centerpiece with round biscuit things - these are the oyster crackers that come with your oysters! I personally prefer the regular flat crackers but these were pretty cool. 

Enjoy dozens and dozens of buck-a-schucks with a Bloody Mary or any other cocktail - you won't be disappointed.
WOW. Friday night I had one of the best dining experiences I've ever had with 9 of my friends. Honestly blown away.

We did the "Dump Dinner" interesting name but the dinner is a New England Style clam bake that you can reserve 48 hours in advance if you have  6+ people. Now get this...it's only $25 to eat and additional $20 for a 2 hour open bar. I thought there would be something fishy about prices so low for seafood at the Oyster House...but no. Absolutely amazing. Huge portions of clams/mussels/lobster/potatoes/sausage/kale all steamed together in pots that come for 2 people to share. I could not get over how delicious the flavors were. In particular the kale soaked up all the broth to make for a tasty veggie! French fries and koleslaw also were distributed out across the table I could feel the rest of the restaurant staring at us...and who wouldn't! The deal is brilliant.

As for the open bar. Unbelievable. We had pitchers upon pitchers of the apple cider sangria. Never had to ask for a refill the waitress just kept them coming.

Amazing experience. Totally, 100% recommend. Here's the link:

http://oysterhousephilly.com/dump-dinner.html
In town for Memorial Day weekend, but also to celebrate my birthday. We opted for Oyster House for my birthday dinner since she loves oysters and I love lobster. This place doesn't take reservations (unless your party is 6+ I believe).  However the bar is open seating, so keep your eyes peeled for any available seats!

If I had to nitpick, this place gets very crowded (restaurant is smaller than I expected), noisy, and warm-hot. However the service here was very good.  Our bartender was clearly working very hard and did an incredible job of juggling everybody's orders. 

We ordered the snapper turtle soup, about 8 oysters each, and the clam bake for 2. All of the items we had were absolutely delicious. I recommend the Kusshi and Betsy's Cape oysters if they're in season. The clam bake for 2 honestly should be labeled for 3; you get really good value here. My favorite item of the night was the split lobster in the clam bake. It was cooked perfectly.  I'm salivating now just thinking about it :).
This place is great when you go during happy hour $1.00 oysters or when there is a special. I had the lobster roll today and it was AMAZING! I have never ever had a lobster roll like this in my life! The roll was actually pretty small but it was all meat, no fillers, straight lobster! The roll had a buttery garlic flavor, it was toasted to perfection and then lays the lobster... I think it might have been a whole lobster!
 No wonder this sucker is 26.00! If you go on Facebook and "Like" them they will send you specials.... half price items...
Don't forget to tip your shuckers!  We've stopped into Oyster House on many a Sansom stroll and never, not even once, have we ever received an oyster with even the slightest bit of sand or grit. Lots and lots of perfect oysters from oyster-shucking pros. Buck-a-Shuck happy hour is pretty excellent, but any time's a good time for oysters, if you're asking me.
 
Great oysters of all persuasions can be found here: briny East Coasters, sweet, wavy-shelled West Coasters... I love them all. I do love an oyster.  I try not to drive everyone crazy with my absurd rants about potential East Coast, West Coast oyster feuds as they slosh around in our stomachs after one of our oyster feasts. 

I bring the oysters together. Malpeques, meet the oysters of Fanny Bay British Columbia! You oysters would have NEVER crossed paths if not for me. And now you oysters have found some common ground cause I'm gonna eat you all. 

So now I've said the word "oyster" thirteen times. Ah, that makes it fourteen. The point is, here's a the spot to try them all.
Fresh and great selection of oysters, but I wouldn't expect any less from the name of the restaurant. 

The clam chowder, lobster roll, and fish and chips are also good things to order when here. Very perfectly executed each time.

Service is great and there's spacious outdoor and indoor dining area to choose from now. Stop by, it'll be a good time.
Maybe it's just me but I find the Oyster House to be mediocre. They're serving up a decent selection of oysters and seafood up along the east coast but if you're combining both quality, quantity, and the amount you're coughing up for this meal... then it doesn't really measure up.

It's true that the OH is great for its buck-a-shuck but outside of happy hour, it's just a high priced mediocre seafood restaurant. I frankly found it ridiculous that a lobster roll here would cost much more than a fresh Maine lobster roll in Portland, ME. The food that's being served here is comparable to Doc Magrogan's... and that's no compliment.

Well that's just my shitty two cents opinion on this matter. Stick to this place as a happy hour joint. But if you're thinking of fine dining and a quality meal then look somewhere else.
I love seafood, and this place is a now a must-visit. We wanted to sate our hunger before getting drinks, so we both decided to try Oyster House for the first time. I got the cherrystone clam, and my friend got the chilled shrimp cocktail. I loved my clams. They were the right fleshiness with a slight salt burst in the middle. The cocktail sauce they came with was so atrociously good that I ended up smothering my last clam with it. My friend who normally does not like seafood or cocktail sauce really liked his shrimp, which was refreshing and tasty. 

The service was not the best. We asked a question about one of the menu items and received a condescending answer. Then, our waiter proceeded to flirt with another patron at the bar, which was distracting but not detrimental to our experience. Hopefully, this was an isolated incident because I plan on coming back.
The oysters were excellent, service attentive and knowledgeable... Would definitely recommend as a good place for a informal meal... Lots of seafood options and a nice clean space with minimal decor... Gives that feeling of being down the shore mixed with a casually refined decadence... well maybe?! try it out...
We were celebrating our anniversary last night and wanted to make dinner special so we splurged on a lobster roll kit.  It was amazing!  So much lobster, just the right amount of dressing, yummy seasoned chips... even clarified butter to toast the bread.  We each had two rolls for dinner and then today enough was left for a roll each plus lots more lobster.  This was by far the best meal we've brought in during the quarantine, and we've had some pretty great meals.  I tried to call them today to say how much we liked it but, FYI, they are closed Sunday and Monday.  We will remember this anniversary dinner for a long time!
According to my parents the Sansom St. Oyster House is a Philadelphia institution, and it recently re-opened after extensive renovations.  I came here for an early dinner to take advantage of the happy hour 'Buck-a-shuck' special.  It's quite a deal - a select oyster (the Wild Blue Points on my night) were $1 if you sit at the bar or around the large raw bar, and one of the draft beers is $3.  Its a great after work deal!  The interior is really cool, a very modern take on an old time oyster bar - the extra wide white marble bar is very classic, and there is plenty of space to talk with friends and make new ones.  The oyster selection is mostly from the mid-Atlantic / New England area, but there were one or two from Washington State and Oregon as well.  Even the regular prices are quite reasonable at 2.25 to 2.75 for most varieties.  I'll definitely be back!
Buck a shuck happy hour is a good time as long as you're willing to wait (even for a place at the bar). 

I really like the Lobster Rolls. Not the best I've had, but I'll go for it twice a year just to satisfy my cravings. 

The calamari are decent too. watch out for the peppers served with them. they can get hot.
Came to Oyster House for their Happy Hour at 6:00PM, and I managed to nab a seat in 15 minutes. I'm fairly certain I got extremely lucky because many of my friends have waited up to an hour to get a seat for their amazing deal. 

We started with 2 dozen oysters, but we also ordered 2 dozen clams for the variety. The oysters tasted fresh, and it was honestly some of the best  oysters I've had; they don't sacrifice quality. A buck a shuck was better than I ever could've imagined. The clams were a bit salty, but I liked them better that way. All in all, I would come to this place multiple times a week if I had the time.

This place is definitely worth going to, and I'll be sure to go early next time. There's not much else to be said as food was good, service was good, and the price was incomparable.
to me, oysters are simple.  make them clean and make them fresh.
oyster house delivers on both of these.

from the start, i fell in love with the place.  i love the big windows in the front, the high top booths all around, the white wash walls that are decorated with old-school oyster serving plates.  i'm totally at a seaside town.  oh wait, i'm still on sansom, only a few buildings away from ladder 15.  oi.

the servers give excellent descriptions of the oysters, and they arrived in good time.  definitely clean and fresh, with no funky bits on the inside or out.

i don't think i had one thing on the menu that i didn't enjoy...but my standouts were the oh-so-rich lobster bisque and the melt in your mouth scallops.  (don't get both in one sitting, as you may die.)

the rosemary lemonade serves as a nice palate cleanser.
i'll be back time and time again, as there are many-an-item left on the menu for me to try, and lots of oysters to savor!
Walking into the Oyster House, post pandemic, and seeing a lively and full restaurant for lunch on a Saturday afternoon made my heart smile.

We had very needed reservations for lunch and gladly took a seat at the raw bar to watch oysters and clams get shucked.  The room felt very alive, background laughter, clinking glasses, and the white subway tiles that adorn in the walls just felt very refreshing.

We ordered the seafood/raw tower. Absolutely fantastic. 12 oysters, six clams, six large shrimp, whole lobster split, and a bowl of ceviche. The freshness and variety of oysters is what you come for. Being able to sit at the counter and watch the tower built was really a treat. 

The Oyster House is a real Venerable Philadelphia restaurant, one that should be visited by locals and those coming into town alike.
Ick. I feel so ripped off. My lobster roll was so gross. It was served on a cheap hot dog bun with pub french fries, for $26. My girlfriend's risotto was like microwave rice for $24. 

I get that this place is a Philly staple. It's great for the raw oysters. The shrimp in the cocktail was thick and delicious. The atmosphere was upscale and popular with the after work crowd. The decor was pretty. 

But the main courses sucked. It was far too over priced. And the service was overwhelmed. 

Glad to have been here just to say I was, but I won't be going here again.
This is one of the first places I stopped by for lunch in Philly. 
The restaurant was slightly hard to find given I wasn't from around but it wasn't bad. 

I order the split grilled whole lobster which was priced extremely fair. $44 and it was enough to feed two! 
I also got baked oysters which was good, but not mind blowing. 

The ambiance is very light and refreshing. I enjoyed sitting by the window and look outside. 

I'll definitely be back next time I'm in town!
I went here about a month ago with my boyfriend during happy hour. We initially sat at the bar for a few oysters. Yes...I said a few. Well a few turned into a couple dozen. The were so delicious and fresh! The bar area is a bit tight, but it's worth it for the price. 

After eating oysters at the bar and having a couple of drinks, we sat at a table for a meal. At this point I wasn't extremely hungry, but we had to try the lobster roll. IT WAS AMAZING!!! Large chunks of lobster, not heavy on the mayo which allowed all the sweetness of the lobster to really shine. The roll had a nice toast to it and to top it off....it was buttered. I must say their lobster roll is one of my new favorite things to eat. Absolutely delicious!!

While it was our first time visiting The Oyster House....It certainly won't be our last. 5 stars all the way!!

P.S. This is my first Yelp review :)
YES. FREAKING YES.

I love oysters. LOVE. Briny or buttery, I can't get enough of them - well, my taste buds can't, but my stomach likes to protest to my extreme annoyance. Since I moved to Philadelphia this summer I've been craving oysters; I've been back to NYC several times and each visit includes a side trip to my favorite oyster bar there, but I've been dying to find a place here where I can satiate my cravings. 

The perfect opportunity to visit Oyster House came this week when my friend Tiffany came to visit. She is my partner in crime when it comes to devouring oysters, so she was gung-ho to go to their oyster happy hour on Thursday (5-7pm, I can't believe they have it at such a reasonable time of the day!). We showed up around 5:45pm and it was already pretty crowded. The raw bar seats where full so we snagged some at the bar since those are the only places for the oyster happy hour price (just FYI). We immediately ordered ourselves large plates of their oyster of the day, and I added two varieties that I hadn't tried before. Wow those oysters are good. So fresh, so tasty, you can tell how freshly they're shucked  the moment they enter your mouth. We easily and quickly went through our first round, and then of course ordered more. For a buck a shuck how can you go wrong? 

I never saw the original decor, but this new updated place is very nice. I love all the wood inside, its gives a rustic feeling to the minimal, modern decor. Our bartender was really nice, and apologized when our second order took so long due to all the oyster orders in the packed restaurant. This place is fantastic, I can guarantee that I'll be a regular here in no time. It's too bad that their list of oysters is so short - I wish they offered more varieties! Regardless, Oyster House is the place to go for oysters so fresh, its no wonder they're considered an aphrodisiac!
My first meal here five years ago was spectacular, but every one since then has been a let down. The quality varies and the prices are way too high for the quality. I've had over cooked lobster and gritty shellfish. The atmosphere is nice and service is generally good though, with the exception of my last visit.

Most recently I was in the neighborhood at lunch time. I thought I would revisit that wonderful lunch from years ago. Maybe fried seafood is just what they excel at, I thought. The place wasn't too crowded, which was a bit surprising. I had my choice of seats and chose to sit at the bar. I ordered the fried seafood platter. It arrived quicker than I would have thought in less than ten minutes, but since the place wasn't crowded, I figured that was why. 

My food was only slightly warmer than room temperature. The fries tasted good and fresh cut although they weren't piping hot. The seafood made me sad. The shrimp was rubbery and overcooked, the scallops had a nice texture, but they were a little undercooked and had some raw batter inside, and the worst was the oysters. They were so gritty and rubbery, they weren't even edible. The batter was so flavorless too. For a place that is named after its oysters, gritty, tough oysters were the most puzzling and disappointing part. After tax and tip, I spent over $22 on seafood that I mostly couldn't eat. I wanted to say something because it was so bad, but after the sever brought the food, it was next to impossible to track him down. I tried for ten minutes and then gave up because I was starving and had an appointment to get to. 

At least the fries tasted good and the hostess was friendly. I don't see myself hurrying back here anytime soon when there are better options.
On a Friday afternoon during lunch, Oyster House was bumpin'. I was drawn in by the fact that it was National New England Clam Chowder Day. In hindsight, I wish I ordered a bowl of the stuff as my lunch, but I ended up getting the Judi salad with a cup of chowder on the side. The soup was lighter than I expected and had a really nice, fresh taste. I loved the smattering of diced fresh chives on top. 

Service was on point. It seemed every time I stuffed another oyster cracker into my mouth, someone was there to refill drinks or check on us. I did notice another nearby table that didn't seem to share in this, though. They waited a while to get their food, while our soup came and went and our entrees arrived soon after. 

The Judi salad came already-dressed with a nice pile of mixed lettuces, some feta cheese and a generous helping of shrimp salad. I personally found the salad to be a touch too salty, and would probably rectify this next time by ordering the dressing on the side. It was a great salad nonetheless, and certainly filling enough to carry me through the day. I spotted a plate of fried oysters on my way out and resolved to try them next time. 

The decor is all white tiles and wood, with oyster plates adorning the walls and other classic touches. The look is simple and spot on for what the place is. High top tables in front are somewhat tight and the stools were a bit uncomfortable, especially after tucking my coat underneath me. Also, the front door allowed gusts of cold air to wash over the room every time it was opened. A temporary winter vestibule would do wonders.

Late night happy hour on Saturday nights from 9-11 seems like a great deal, with dollar oysters, a featured beer and oyster shooters at a nice price.
Been coming here routinely on my Philly visits for a number of years.   They pack em in and there is a reason.  High quality.  Solid staff (and super hard working).   This place is legit for seafood fans.
Oyster House is a Philly staple. I've been coming here for years for buck a shuck happy hours, nice seafood dinners, or after dinner drinks. It's always lively and a great go to spot for any occasion. 

Happy hour is my favorite time to go. They have a really awesome offering - can't beat a dozen oysters and a boozey punch! For dinner I love the lobster roll but usually try something new each time I go for a meal. Most recently I had the scallops and they were delicious. 

Bring your family (it's my 90 year old grandfathers favorite spot), bring a date, or go with a group! Just go!
*Based specifically on the Oyster House Dump Dinner

Copious amounts of food for a decent price.  Sandy clams :( 3.5 stars.

What can you say about having a ~7qt. pot of mussels, clams, potatoes, whole lobster, and kale (per 2 people) dropped in front of you?  Oh yeah, in case that wasn't enough, a plate of fries too.  I came with a group of 8 so we had four of these babies splayed across the table, which was almost a disaster.  We picked up the $20 all you can drink option as well so dishware was everywhere!  Our waitress was really pleasant considering the whole restaurant was packed full.  Drinks came at a reasonable pace, and plenty of people were clearing plates.  The mussels had some nice flavor sitting at the bottom of the pot.  No major complaints about the lobster, though naturally I wanted more.  Major major fail was in the clams.  I'm not sure they were cleaned at any point prior to going into the pot.  Every clam had sand or grit - which in turn contaminated the whole pot and added a pretty unpleasant mouthfeel to the chewing process.  I assume they were scrubbed on the outside but perhaps not soaked in freshwater to get them push the gunk out before cooking?  Fairly disappointing.  Potatoes and kale were okay.  Drinks were a tad weak but all you can drink balances that out.  Fries were kinda awesome.  Overall, a fun experience but we spent a lot of time talking about how tasty sand is.

Fun times!  I prefer to not eat the beach.  Try it out, maybe we got unlucky?  Cheers.
My friends and I went to Oyster House for happy hour. The oysters and clams were great for a buck a shuck! The first platter of 12 (out of 7 lol) set the bar really high because the oysters were HUGE and great with the sauces provided. The next 5 platters of oysters and 1 platter of clams were mediocre in size (probably regular sized actually) compared to our first impression of Oyster House. Definitely would come again, definitely would recommend. :)
Yet to make it here in time for buck a shuck but still trying. I can tell you though that the beer selection is lacking, a lot. I'm pretty picky with making sure I have many beers to choose from when eating oysters and that doesn't seem like it will happen here. The set up was pretty cool and it was a very nice looking bar. I'd like to see much more selection there in the future though. At this point I may have to go to Nineteen for the oysters as they have a much broader (traditional) beer selection.

Bottom line; Worth checking out if you're into the raw oysters scene. Limited beer and liquor selection.

REVISED; Finally had some oysters! Had some little necks too. Both pretty good. Had the James River oysters. Not the best I've had but up there in quality. Went there Saturday night at 9:30 and it was MOBBED. Had to wait for about 30 minutes till some bar seats opened up and then just grabbed them. Service was quick and food was tasty. My GF had the blue fish. It was actually pretty tasty. If you like oysters, give this place a shot!
Recently, I've discovered that my favorite spots for happy hour and bar snacks are found at any city's oyster bar. In Miami, it's the River Oyster Bar, in DC it's Hank's and in Philly, it's Oyster House. The seafaring eatery harkens back to summers I never spent in Nantucket, but just sitting here puts you in the spirit. 

It's typically busy, so if you arrive around happy hour time, be prepared to wait your turn for a table or seat at the bar (you can drink if you're standing but you can't order any food unless you have a seat somewhere). 

The buck a shuck deal is killer and the rest of the happy hour menus wins with $1-$5 food and drink specials. Not to mention the drinks are really well made too! The space is bigger than your corner bar, but smaller than your Applebees and the healthy bustle of folks coming in and out keeps the vibe cheery. Order an oyster shooter if you're brave and sip on a hot toddy if the weather's got you down. Great cocktails and super solid food, this spot is golden in my book.
Oysters and beer?  Yes please.

I have been coming to the Oyster House for a few years now.  I can remember when it used to be called the Sansom Street Oyster House and the design was completely different.  That first time sold me and I have been back many times since.

Most recently, I came here on a Friday evening for the tail end of happy hour.  The place was packed but we were able to get a seat at the bar.  We had 18 of the daily oysters and a few Love Stouts from Yards.  I don't think it gets much better than this.  Simple, fresh and delicious.

I love the design and layout of the restaurant.  This is one of the places where I would take out-of-towners to show them something great or meet up with an old friend for a place to hang out, have some drinks and awesome seafood.
Excellent happy hour.  I went on a Thursday night around 6.  It was crowded, but my friend managed to snag two seats at the bar.  During happy hour they have one beer on special, a special cocktail, and oyster shooters, as well as the buck a shuck.  The oyster option that night was from James River.  They were awesome oysters, and they were fully shucked, just mentioning that because another reviewed said their's were not.  The bartender was very attentive.  They have a nice draft list.  I had a Yard's Love Stout and then the Kenzinger which was on special.  Very business professional crowd and it really clears out after 7.
So, the Oyster House is reviewed well. I guess not everyone has the same standards for seafood. Being a transplant from NYC, and one who is a foodie and ate at many restaurants at the best city for food in the US, I am a good snob.

Oyster House, eh it was okay. But it wasn't anything special. In fact, I was rather disappointed after seeing all of the great reviews.

But hey, don't listen to me. I am a food snob. Maybe, you are not, like the many other reviewers of this joint.
Saturday night Buck-a-Shuck. Dollar Oysters. Only a buck each, and them suckers are good. 

What's more, there's a beer special along with it; $3 Kenzingers I think. A great way to kick off a Saturday night.
I am in love with a place more than I have been in a long time.  This is one of my go to places for when I have friends in from out of town or I just need a fun, low key place to get some drinks and apps.

Bear in mind, I have never had a full on dinner here.  I have stuck exclusively to the high tops and bar stools.  That being said, this place has the best damn oysters I have ever had.  They are fresh cold and taste like you're eating the ocean (in a good way).  The oyster shuckers here do not spill a drop of the precious liquor.

They have awesome beers on tap, make bangin bloody marys, margaritas and manhattans, and even soak the cherries in brandy!

Also of note, their clams casino is not your traditional heavy bacon laden dish.  It is light, herby and just the right size.  Their creole style prawns are awesome too, just make sure to ask for more grilled bread cause that sauce is AMAZING.

The space is also gorgeous, clean and modern.  All that being said, I can't wait to come back.
Oysters 2 each of the first six in the menu. Then a lobster sandwich - one of the best such sandwiches ever had. Fried soft shell crab sandwich was interesting we usually grill them. 

A wonderful brunch/lunch start to our Anniversary celebration.

The soft shell was divine. A hint of heat in the middle but perfectly crisp on the edges and juicy and tender in the middle. Of the oysters the Neptunes were our favorite, thick and creamy. 

I got a small glass of Gruner Veltliner perfect with the seafood. 

It was about noon on a Wednesday. The place was packed. We were sitting at the bar. 

A great place for a lunch on a steamy summer day.

Nancy & Mark.
We popped in here for brunch! Heavy seafood options, which made it hard for my vegetarian wife to really digest the menu and find something she could eat.

On a positive note, they were more than willing to be accomodating and make her a special dish. But it wasn't advetersied and we had to ask, which is a less than a desirable situation. SOLID bloody Mary's - don't miss out on this.
Our server was outstanding. Homebrewed ginger beer and fries were delicious. My fish was a bit over cooked and I wasn't a fan of the sauce. But they made up for it with a creamy not-too-sweet butterscotch pudding.
he Sansom St Oyster house is gorgeous. Someone really put a lot of though into the decor and layout of this place. It has a nice dining room, but the real treat is sitting at the bar. The Oyster house features an large, open prep area where you can see all of the clams, mussels, shrimp, ect.

This spot serves up top notch seafood. But it comes at a price. The real strength lies in (obviously) the Oysters, but generally in the raw seafood bar. A large blackboard shows the different types of regional oysters offered each day. While I don't know enough to comment on the types offered, the sheer selection in impressive. They served the biggest shrimps I've ever seen in my life. For beer, there is a small but respectable list of beers, with a few locals represented. Dock St and Yards come immediately to mind.

To do this place best, head here for happy hour. M-F, 5-7: $3 drafts and $1 oyster shucks on "oyster of the day" cannot be beaten. Or try a Tuesday for $14 fish and chips. I know that I'll be heading back for these specials very soon.
Three of my favorite words: Oyster Happy Hour.
Upon arriving in Philly to enjoy a long weekend Mike had already planned this for our first night.  We arrived at Oyster House just before Happy Hour and were luckily able to snag a table for two in the bar area.  We ended up ordering 16 $1 oysters, a couple clams for Mike, and some cheap happy hour beers. Our waitress was nice enough, although not very personable at all.  
We ended our little meal with some oyster shooters-- which was a great thing to say I did but also a great thing to never do again.  It's just literally gin and an oyster.

All in all, we had a good time here and the oysters were amazing-- which was the  main reason we went.
I finally tried Oyster House happy hour and am so glad I did! As a oyster-addict I hoped the buck a shuck deal lived up to the hype. We came right at 5pm and luckily got a seat at the raw bar where we got to see all the action and talk to the shuckers. While we were there it got very packed very quickly and there was a line when we left.

We split 18 oysters and fries along with the Kelly's Punch. The oysters were fresh and meaty. They were a win in my book. I'm used to West Coast clams so they weren't as sweet and were larger but I happily slurp downed plenty at Oyster House. I appreciated the nice touch of fresh horseradish and oyster crackers on the tables. The Kelly Punch is a fruity and light drink that pairs well with the oysters. The fries are a underrated item and help fill you up just enough.

I'm a big fan of Oyster House HH and can't wait to come back!
This was my first visit here.  It was a good experience but was not anything particularly memorable.  I was pretty basic this visit and ordered the crab cakes with fries and the clam chowder soup.  Since you can't really mess up crab cakes, I was satisfied with the dish.  The soup however, could use improvement.  There were no chunks of clams at all.  It seems they used the left over scraps as there were only tiny pieces.  It tasted good but should have been better coming from a place that is known for fresh seafood.  I need to come here more to sample the rest of the menu and give a more detailed critique of the overall quality.

The venue itself is on the loud side.  I had issues in conversing with my siblings across the small tables due to how many people are crammed into the place and how close the tables are to each other.
Came here for their weekday happy hour which is Monday to Friday, from 5 to 7pm. Arrived exactly at 5pm and was told that there's already a 45 min wait. Definitely recommend arriving around 4:30 on a Friday if you don't want to miss the cutoff for happy hour. People who came for dinner was seated pretty quickly though. The whole party also has to be there in order to be seated.

I had their happy hour cocktail special which was $6 while I waited and it decent. After we finally got seated, I ordered the fries while we waited for our oysters and clams. The fries were crispy on the outside and soft on the inside and came with an aioli sauce. The oysters and clams were super fresh. I preferred the clams which had a stronger flavor and were chewier while my boyfriend liked the oysters more since he's not a big fan of fishiness. 

Great place for happy hour but definitely arrive early on Friday and the weekends!
A tad above A-OK, is what I would say.  3.25 stars.

I haven't been here in about 15 years.  The new layout seems efficient, but very bright and extremely noisy with sound bouncing off of the tile. 

We got there during happy hour and they had cherrystone clams and local oysters on a half-shell for $1 a piece.  The oysters were OK, the clams a little better than OK.  The mignonette served with the oysters was something I didn't think much of after a trial taste.  Devon's mignonette is much better.  The cocktail sauce is much better when you add more horseradish from the horseradish jar next to the oyster crackers.

The beer selection I found a little thin, but I was able to find a very good Central City Brewing Co. Red Betty IPA (in a can).  How cool would that be on tap!  hint hint

I had the fish stew, very flavorful broth, not a large size though...a few mussels, a couple rings of calamari, a small piece of fish, a shrimp or two...that was about it.  And the two toasts served with it had a very powerful garlic spread, I'll pass.

The best thing we had all evening was the shrimp cocktail.  Five (5) jumbo shrimp, cooked and chilled to perfection, crisp, fresh, delightful.

There was a very large crowd there for happy hour, we did not order the happy hour beer or cocktails as they were not to our taste, so that didn't matter to us, but the prices sounded reasonable.  

I probably will return before another 15 years go by, probably for happy hour.  Happy hour seems lively and "happy".
You know all those Joe's Crab Shack commercials that have been on lately?  The ones where pots full of colorful and tasty-looking shellfish and mollusks are being passed around alongside golden, sweating beers between groups of smiling groups of friends?  That's the kind of dinner my friend and I were looking for, but without actually going to Joe's Crab Shack.

Enter Oyster House's Tuesday Night Dump Dinner.

For just $19 each, the table was covered with newspaper and we were presented with a huge pot filled with oysters, mussels, coins of sausage, shrimp, two small ears of corn, a few red potatoes and one crab each, all sprinkled generously, but unevenly with Old Bay.  We added the bucket of Miller High Life ponies to our meal and dug in enthusiastically.

It was definitely a fun experience, but the seafood actually fell a little short.      I've never done the Crab Thing before, but my friend is an experienced picker.  Her comment that the crabs were overcooked echoed my thoughts about the rest of the pot's seafood contents.  The potatoes, corn and sausage were all right on, but not the reason we ordered the meal.

The oyster crackers and horseradish that sat on the table when we arrived were a nice start, and I wouldn't have minded picking on them a little longer while we waited for our  appetizer.  Said appetizer, the fried calamari, came out unbelievably (and actually a little too) fast, and was served with pickled long hots and a sweet tomato jam.  I liked the condiments, but the calamari itself was just average.  The combination of all parts on my fork at once was key.

I actually really liked the vibe of Oyster House, and some of the regular menu items look really tempting.  I definitely want to try it again, but I won't bother with the Dump Dinner again.
Came here for happy hour on a Monday night and it was packed! I would recommend going early if you want a place to sit. Their happy hour is fantastic - $1 oysters, $1 clams, $5 wine and more. Definitely a great spot to go!
Oyster House has some of the most amazing happy hour specials! Drinks are cheap ($5 cocktails, $3 beers) and there are $1 oysters and $1 clams. The specials run from 5-7pm, but the place definitely fills up fast. We arrived at 6, and they said there was a 30 minute wait, so we just got a drink at a place nearby. We managed to get a bar spot around 6:45 since we accidentally forgot to come back on time for the reservation (oops) but were lucky enough that people started leaving happy hour before it ended so we could still get an order in. 

For two people, we got a cocktail each, and two dozen oysters. The oysters are so fresh and delicious. They definitely don't serve you with small portions, as all the oysters were on the larger size. I also ordered two of the clams (which I love) to try, and it was my companion's first time ever having raw clams. I found their clams to be easier to chew and less rubbery than other places, and she enjoyed her first clam experience, and said she would definitely eat them again. 

The vibe is also super fun. I loved the chill ambiance at the bar, where we had a really friendly bartender who didn't ignore us. He acted as if he were a waiter as well. Everyone seemed to also be having a great time around us. 

All in all, I was delighted by my happy hour experience at Oyster Bar. It's a perfect place to come to escape the heat, and it has a delightful vibe. Also a perfect date spot or hangout spot! I'll definitely be returning in the future.
Oh, wow.  So good.  As a regular of Sansom Street Oyster House I couldn't wait to see the renovated new Oyster House.  It's really special; roomy and cool.

They clearly overstaffed so service was insanely good.  Let's see how it goes in a few months.  Oysters and clams fresh as they can get...although please fully shuck oysters!  

More expensive but worth it, for now.  Is this the best block in the city or what?
Happy Hour Review!

Oyster House has a few buck-a-shuck happy hour times. We visited for their Saturday evening specials.  Of course, we were greeted by a wait - guess we weren't the only ones thinking it was a good deal - but the hostess kept us informed and we were also able to grab drinks at the bar.  HH specials include $1 oysters and clams, $3 shooters, along a discounted beer and cocktail.  Once we managed to get a seat, our service outright sucked.  I'll blame it on our waitress, who seemed more interested in gossiping with friends than taking orders and getting food.  Yet, even she couldn't push our spirits down thanks to some top quality oysters and a pair of shooters.  We enjoyed everything so much, we decided to give clams a try... ok, turns out they aren't are thing.

In the end, we'll certainly be back.  Of course, we'll be hoping for a better waitress since they ran out of chowder thanks to her slower than slow service.  Just imagine how good everything else was if I am complaining that much about service and still happy to hand out a 4-star review.
Fun happy hour. We arrived at 5pm and snagged the last two seats at the oyster bar, so make sure you come early. By the time we left 40 minutes later, the line was almost out the door. 

This is one of the only places in the city with a buck a shuck deal. We got 6 of the $1 oysters and a $3 beer - great deal. The oysters were refreshing but blander than some others I've had (check out Upstate in NYC!) We had to add some salt. Still, it was a great start to our happy hour hunt, where we later went to Mission Taquería and 1518 next door.
