My original Post: The prices are ludicrous!  8 oz juice $10.20.  I don't give a hoot about what processes were used or how they cold press for one hour.  The names of the drinks (Ubud!) reflect the price for a gallon of aviation fuel to get to those exotic locations, but bear no reality to the market for a juice, no matter how good. Skip it!

My update a week later:  OK now the owner comes out on Yelp and says 'Hey its a 16Oz $10.68 drink, not a 8oz drink for $10.20...your post was blatantly false!' I guess  was SO SHOCKED at the price that maybe I was stunned.  Ok maybe ... but $10 for a drink of juice, much less anything not marked Chateau Margeaux 1982 is CRAZY!  I went to this shop as a neighbor ... I live one block from this place and its STUNNING that they would attack a customer online.  This is a mark of arrogance.  Worse yet their obliviousness to the actual people who would use their services is a DEAL BREAKER.
This place is PERFECT!!!!!! Let's discuss why. 

First off when you walk in you are immediately taken by the adorable atmosphere.  This shop was designed by someone with an extremely high taste level.  Notice the light fixtures and containers when you go in. It's spacious, airy, comfortable, and yet very cool! 

Now the menu is great - they have tremendous HEALTHY breakfast options and I can't wait to stop by in the AM on my way to work to get something awesome! I had the chia pudding with fruit and a reanimator coffee w Brazil nut milk.  They also have quiche, cookies, porridge, huge beautiful looking salads, lunch dishes that were so fresh and colorful and pretty much everything is organic and 100% gluten free - this is not how I typically eat but is always how I want to eat!  This place will make it so easy for me to step up my healthy game.  What really got me was the availability of freshly pre made  food, so you can eat in with so much seating and space or in my case - grab and go when you're on the move. This spot is perfect for anyone looking to enjoy high quality food in an extremely convenient way!

Plus it's delish! The food was awesome! You can tell they care about their ingredients and presentation and the environment! All their packaging is compost able and the staff is very friendly and very informed.

Now to seal the deal - this is *officially* the only place in Philly to do all organic cold press juices.  Finally - Philly caught up with like the rest of the juicing world - organic is the absolute ONLY proper way to juice and I am now going to be able to put my juicer away and buy from PS! 

So thrilled with this new vegan, gluten free, healthy, organic, perfect addition to center city / rittenhouse.  I'm so thankful yelp / twitter celeb Laura Jill S. Brought me here! She knows all the hot spots!
Many of the positives mentioned in other reviews are spot on. The décor is lovely; the service was friendly, and the prices are very high. Having lived in Boston, Los Angeles, and London and frequented many restaurants and cafes specializing in organic food, I was quite surprised by how high the prices were for such small portions. But, lest I prompt the owner to respond to the myriad comments about prices with a sanctimonious rant about how happy obese Philadelphians should be about P.S.'s reasonable prices, let me say that if you want to spend lots of money to eat, that's your prerogative. The big problem with this place is not its price; it's the terrible food.

The muffins were, in a word, inedible. As someone who eats gluten-free not by choice but by necessity, I've had a vast range of gluten-free items. The corn muffin had an excessively granular texture and lacked flavor. The mango chutney on top was not sufficient to lend the muffin sufficient flavor. The chocolate banana muffin was better but incredibly dense--characteristic of much poor gluten-free baking. A little baking power goes a long way. The issue here is not whether ingredients are organic, fair-trade, etc. The baking is simply poor.
Wow! What an incredible addition to Rittenhouse! Super healthy, super tasty, & super friendly service! I met up with Lia B here this morning for their grand opening (b/c where else would 2 rad vegan ladies be?!) & I was very impressed.

I enjoyed a mini-quiche, coconut yogurt w/ muesli, a chocolate cookie, & a sparkly tonic, while Lia had the chia pudding & a coffee. We both enjoyed everything we ordered. The coconut yogurt was my favorite & Lia really enjoyed the Brazil Nut Milk for her coffee. They also have lots of cold pressed organic juices to choose from & I noticed some amaranth porridge that looked really tasty...next time!

I really LOVED the space. Lots of light, lots of exposed brick, lots of really cool touches to the decor, & I'm guessing that their wood is reclaimed. They also offer classes & cooking demos...I have a feeling they'll be awesome. 

Finally, REALLY friendly staff. Thank you, Miles, for taking the time to talk to us, looking forward to seeing you there again soon!

All vegan, all gluten free, almost all organic. Highly recommend.
I'm disappointed to see the owner of this cafe coming into the comments to accuse other dissatisfied customers of not being proactive enough in their disappointment or not having a valid enough reason to be dissatisfied. That's no way to run a business-- full stop.

Now, I came into the shop while doing some survey work across the street at the Parc Rittenhouse, so I was not dressed up too nicely-- I was wearing work boots, work jeans, and an insulated sweatshirt. I needed something sweet, so I grabbed $6 from my wallet and ran to PS & Co. I went into the shop and grabbed a bottle of juice, only to see when it was rung up that it was $10. "Whoops! Silly me, I figured bringing $6 to go buy a juice would be reasonable." The barista gives me the spiel about how high-quality their juices are, et al, "but don't worry," she says, "we have a cranberry and seltzer that's cheaper!" She rings it up. "Oh no," she says, "it's $6.75." For seltzer and syrup. $6.75. For seltzer. With syrup. "I'm just gonna go get a soda from the pharmacy around the corner," I said, slowly backing away. The sales girl -- I am not kidding you here, reader -- cocks her shoulder and says with blithe resignation, "Whatever, it's your body." 

!!!!!!

People, Cafe Plenty is right around the corner from here. They're nice, their food is delicious, and you don't have to worry about the owner coming after you in the comments about not being sophisticated enough to appreciate their much-too-precious-for-you wares. This location used to be a beautiful clothing and accessories store called Addresse. When I was a poor high school kid, I would go in there and try on their $700 alligator shoes and their $1400 dresses, and the shopgirls were as nice as they could be. I wish P.S. & Co. could continue showing that kind of graciousness to potential sales.
What happens when we create a business successfully incorporating as many positive buzz words as possible? What if we started with sweet and delicious, then added in words like sustainable, plant-based, kosher, gluten free, locally-sourced, organic, and healthy?

The result is Pure Sweets. Everything about this place makes you feel good, from the delightful menu to the friendly staff to the interior design (by the same folks who brought us the PHS pop-up beer garden!). We came here for lunch and split the summer rolls, vegan quiche, curry chickpea salad, and blueberry cornmeal muffin. The food was tasty, clean, and probably has the healthy capacity to negate all the TV dinners and processed food and other junk we put in our bodies when no one is looking.

It is a really great space with a lot of potential (they apparently use it for cooking classes!). It's still in the early stages, so they are in the process of working out some issues, and it was refreshing to see how open they are to helpful feedback. 

Maybe not the best lunch option for penny-pinchers, but it should definitely be on your list if you're looking for a chill environment, delicious and healthy bites, and steps toward a sustainable future.
Good coffee. I will sample more of what they have to offer since I feel places like this are important to the city and offer an alternative to fast food. But they kinda need to lose the militant vegan attitude. That was a turn off. I don't care if you a vegan cafe. All I want is good coffee that rocks. 

Please consider something other than your Brazil "creamer." I understand good food comes at a premium, but I found the whole Brazil thing pretentious.
How fun is this place!

I am always on the hunt for a vegan/veggie friendly place where I'm not limited to one or two options on the menu. This place DELIVERED! Everything, and I mean EVERYTHING, is vegan and gluten free! 

The location is pretty central to a lot of the main center city action. I would say to plan for parking well in advance. As you walk in, you're met with a coffee/to go bar on the left, and the first area of seating is more casual. A small staircase separates this area from the back area which (from what I gathered) is reserved for more planned affairs. 

I had a chance to review the menu before walking in, and my stomach was getting very excited of all the possibilities. Before ordering, we chatted up the waitress and she let us know that everything is made in house, including their version of the "impossible burger!" How cool! 

For starters we ordered the imperial rolls - so so good! The waitress mentioned this is a fan favorite and I couldn't agree more! We settled on tacos and the beet burger for our other two items. They were just as delicious as they looked on paper. Everything was so well seasoned and they didn't skimp on portions! I appreciated that despite the different cuisine types we chose, each item was still prepared with care and precision. The flavors married well with the textures of the different ingredients resulting in an elevated dining experience. 

Our waitress was very friendly and checked in on us plenty. Our water glasses were always being refilled and her knowledge of the menu really helped us make some stellar choices. 

I'm already making plans to get back here and exploring more of the menu! So excited to know this place exists!
I'm lowering my review because half of the time I come here, the juice bar is out of the ingredients to make the smoothie I want to order. Additionally, for the last six months or so there has been someone working at the register who really does not know how to make smoothies. Several of her smoothies have been so bad I have thrown them out. It is painful to throw out a $15 smoothie.
This is the perfect place to grab a delicious dessert made from natural, high-quality ingredients. Not too fancy - just simple, organic, and tasty. 

If you live and breathe chocolate like I do, I highly recommend the Elvis Tart. It consists of the silkiest and tastiest whipped chocolate ganache you'll find in this town. (I'm amazed the consistency is even possible without use of cream.) It is topped with what seems to be a layer of house-made peanut butter, and contains refreshing slices of banana near the bottom, underlaid by a layer of chocolate crumbs. Although I'm not a peanut butter fan, I still really enjoyed this dessert. I hope they make a variation of this dessert with a topping other than peanut butter at some point. Also, it's a curious choice of name, since it's not really a tart, but rather a cup - not dissimilar in form to Barbuzzo's salted caramel budino jar. 

I have also tried the lemon-flavored coconut macaroon. (Free, with Yelp check-in!) Although it is small in size, it is packed with lemon flavor and coconut fiber. The lime avocado "tart" is also really good, though again, it's more like a lime-accented avocado pudding than a tart. 

Although I've only tried desserts, they also offer a variety of healthy, vegan and gluten-free lunch options, such as salads and wraps, which I will have to try. The prices are a bit high, but considering the alternatives in this neighborhood - especially for lunch within walking distance of the office - I'm willing to pay a few extra dollars for something more nutritious. Frequent customers also get the option to choose from several "meal plans," which can help save some money while promoting healthier dining. 

The establishment looks rustic and charming, and going in feels like entering a completely separate world from the Rittenhouse area. It is definitely a great addition to the neighborhood.
This is a 3.5 star review, and here's the breakdown:

On the side of 4 stars:
1) Beautiful space with an open, San-Francisco vibe.
2) An eye toward sustainable, organic food.
3) Delicious coconut soup and macaroons. 

On the side of 3 stars:
1) EXPENSIVE. Our lunch of a (small) soup and a chickpea curry salad came out to about $21.
2) We came in around 5 PM and they had run out of most of the food on their menu. It looks like they're open until 7 but the picking get pretty slim.
3)  If you have a nut allergy like my wife, the menu is not as friendly.
4) Chickpea curry salad was dry-we poured the soup into it which improved things a bit.
5) Food is pre-prepared and sitting on display, which may explain our dry salad. For the price, we were at least hoping that we could have our food made-to-order.
I stopped by on my way home from a walk in Rittenhouse and this place is pretty cool. It has an awesome, SUPER hipster vibe and I could see myself hanging out here/doing work.

Unfortunately, it is SO expensive, I probably will never be able to afford to come back. I ended up spending around $12 on the one juice I purchased because they were watching the screen intently while I was paying so I felt obligated to tip %15 on a juice that was already $10. It was definitely delicious but I could get one basically equally as good, or comparable, for way less money at some of the other center city juice spots. 

They also end up giving you the juice in a plastic glass unless you want to pay an extra $2 for the bottle (which you do get back if you bring the bottle back but it's just complicated - why can't I just have a disposable bottle to take with me?)

So, unless I have a promo or gift card, I don't think I will be returning. It also smells kind of interesting - I didn't mind it but some may find it a little too "organic" smelling inside.
At first I was really put off by how the negative reviews are being handled on Yelp. Yes, responding is a good thing, but people shouldn't be attacked - it's important to me that sites like Yelp have open and honest reviewers and the type of response that negative reviews got really put me off. Am also put off by the Brazil nut creamer because American demand is devastating the rain forests in South America.

However, a friend wanted to meet here and I am always looking for great, healthful food so decided to give it a go. Luckily I was prepared for the prices thanks to those negative reviewers! ;)

Food cooked with care and with high quality ingredients is going to be expensive. I work in food distribution and think we should be paying much more for food so that farmers and farm workers can be paid fairly and not feel forced to resort to toxic sprays in order to provide our country with cheap food. It's annoys me when restaurants are expensive because they have a high profile chef but when places like this are expensive, it actually makes sense. It's an investment in your health.  

The things I tried were all very good and clearly were made the care. I appreciate that things that were sweet, were barely sweet and that the flavors were simple and appealing. Will definitely be back to try more. 

Staff were friendly and helpful and actually knew the products, which was nice. I do hope they succeed because we need more places like this.
I can't imagine this place surviving. The food is good but the price is ridiculous. We came here for breakfast and it came to $35 for 3 people. That might make sense at a sit down, full service place but this is more of a little take out spot. Now I understand that you're using high quality ingredients and labor-intensive house made but milks (and not just any nut milks but Brazil nut milk) but I can't imagine there's enough of a market for these products to sustain this spot. Also, even though their voicemail message says they're open 7 days a week from 7 to 7, that's not the case. We came at 8:30 on Sunday only to learn they don't open until 9. And when they open, a lot of stuff isn't ready yet because it's ... "Extremely labor intensive" (no wonder they don't open earlier). The coffee comes black and if you want any milk the only option is Brazil nut milk which comes with a significant up charge because it's "extremely labor intensive." Maybe I don't understand everything about nutrition, but I'd be more than happy with the option if almond milk offered with the up charge for the house made Brazil nut milk available. It was (sorta) fun to try once. My body is loving me for making a 'healthy' choice, but my wallet is hating me and I wouldn't come back here.
The word vegan usually brings shudders to carnivores such as myself.  The main reason being that most vegan food is terrible.  When I think vegan food, I think tasteless cardboard. Pure Sweets is changing all of that.  Walking down this narrow street off Rittenhouse Square,  Pure Sweets easily sets itself apart, even in this fashionable district.  The decor perfectly characterizes what Pure Sweets is all about.  Everything has the personal touch and personality of its owner and nothing in there feels or is served factory made.

Pure Sweets is like no other place I have visited.  In fact it is the only place that I know that is a100% organic,  vegan,  gluten free,  kosher certified juice bar, cafe and bakery all in one!

We tried the kale salad with Burmese chickpea curry and brown sticky rice. This salad was full of texture and flavor. The chickpeas were a delicious compliment to the crunchy kale and chewy rice adding a buttery, nutty texture and flavor that made dressing unnecessary.  We also tried the vegan quiche, a square of the most complicated flavors I have ever tasted. With every bite you experience the chewiness of the quinoa,  the crunchiness of broccoli,  and the creamy sweetness of the squash.  There was a richness to each individual ingredient that gave the entire bite a complicated flavor pop. 

We finished our meal with a sampling of the day's cookies and bars.  There is a marked difference in organic,  vegan,  gluten free cookies.  Every cookie tasted so natural and didn't make you feel greasy and sick.  My favorite was the lavender coconut macaroon.  It did not have the soapy aftertaste that most lavender products suffer from,  it was instead a pleasant floral taste in my mouth. 

Pure Sweets cold presses their own juice. Cold pressed juice is definitely different from regular juices and smoothies.  It is more concentrated and retains the nutrients more.  The cold pressed juices at Pure Sweets are exotic and amazingly addictive.  We had one that was spiced with ginger that was refreshing, spicy, and sweet.

Pure Sweets perfectly captures the nostalgic small business hospitality that has been lost to the forced,  trained smiles of corporate chains. We ended paying more for our meal than most places but it was completely justified knowing we were eating the most natural, locally sourced ingredients with zero additives and  zero harm to animals or the environment. It was also justified because it made 2 carnivores rethink the way we thought about vegan food.
After quickly glancing at the Yelp reviews, I was really excited to try this place. What a disappointment. We took the food to go to eat in the square, but most of the food ended up getting thrown away or finished somewhat begrudgingly. With several of us eating, we ordered several different items, which ranged from being pretty unremarkable (yet very expensive) to downright bad.
We stopped in to have brunch and did not want to leave. 

You know that feeling when you walk in a place and everything is perfect? That's Pure Sweets.

The owner is extremely helpful & accommodating and answered all of our questions.  She also makes every customer feel at home. 

Their organic plant-based, gluten-free menu is incredible and we even got some to go (the cake balls were my favorite dessert, but we also like the cookies and scones).

Things we can recommend (although we want to try more in the future):

The Nachos are incredible. 
Brioche French Toast is sinfully delicious.  Voluptuous.
(They've discovered the perfect cinnamon to apple to toast ratio).
Sexiest Waffles we've ever had in our lives. 
Breakfast Burrito is hearty and extremely good.
Avocado Toast is to die for.
They also make really yummy teas and homemade hot sauces. 
The atmosphere is super chill, comfortable, spacious and bright.  We couldn't help but notice so many regulars that love to hang out there. 
Love the vibe.
Do yourself a favor and try to check everything out on the menu. We will.
I came all the way from New York to visit PS & Co as soon as I heard they were opening a flasgship store.  Having been a long time fan of their organic, gluten free, vegan sweets, I was ecstatic to hear that they were expanding their menu to have more savory items.  I enjoyed the Southeast Asian/Burmese inspired soups, as well as their take on a Vegan Caesar salad... the salad dressing was AMAZING.  I also enjoyed the iced chai tea, and of course their classic macaroons.  Rosewater and Mexican chocolate are my faves. The food is overall really inventive, and gives you so much more than what you're expecting at a vegan restaurant (I say this because I am a carnivore so I don't really go for this time of food normally but strangely, I sort of find myself always loving vegan places... and the ones I like always have an Asian influence, like PS & CO-I'm a fan of Francia Cafe and Gobo in NY)

The best part is honestly just sitting down and looking around; this place is gorgeous. I really dig the eco friendly decor, and all of the thoughtfulness going into planting tulips and whatnot....it really makes for a nice meal by the park.
I tried their gluten free macaroon (they were giving out samples on the street) and it was really good! So, I decided to try it for lunch. I got two juices and one roll. The juice was good and fresh. The roll was fresh but really small and for sure not enough for lunch. The total came to 28 dollars. Way too much! I understand the amount of fresh fruit required for the juice but the roll was just ridiculously small. 

I also got really upset because they don't have prices anywhere. They're not on the paper menu, they're not on the online menu, they're not exposed in the store.
This place is adorable, the staff is incredibly friendly and helpful, and I think Center City could use more 100% vegan places. I was excited to try this place after hearing a lot about it. I picked up lunch (a salad, iced tea and a dessert) and spent almost $20. I don't mind spending $20 on lunch, but I wouldn't (and couldn't) do it every day. The salad was OK. It was a bit dry for me and lacked flavor. The macaroon I got for dessert was tasty, but tiny, and maybe not worth the $2 price tag. This place is more like 3.5 stars for me. I love the idea of this place, but the prices are a bit on the high side for me to come back.
Food was good. Very fresh, which is great. Space is great too. Really good decor/ambiance. Super clean. Staff is really nice. Ridiculously overpriced. $60 for 2 salads, 2 juices and an appetizer is outrageous. I get that it's fresh and healthy and organic and all that, and I love that, but waaaaaayyyyy too overpriced. It wasn't a lot of food either. If I spent $60, I want to feel like I'm eating $60! :) Yelp won't let me do 2.5 stars, so I'm doing 3.
I have been a customer of Pure Sweets and the amazing Norwalk cold pressed Pure Tonics for over a year. Sitting in this sunny well designed cafe and have my favorite juices along with some of the best organic savories is a great treat. The decor matches the vibe of the cafe, recycled, natural and friendly along with being delicious.Philadelphia has needed more vegan kosher organic options and Andrea and her crew make it happen. I am in love with the coconut fruit of the day yogurt and the Burmese salad is a touch of Yangon in Rittenhouse.
I agree with another review that the really easy iPad payment is made awkward by the recommended tip and glad to see it is being addressed. Now if there just was parking.....well it is worth getting a ticket to eat this incredible food.
I want to like this place, but the prices are truly laughable. Almost $6 for a measly "scone" the size of a pill bottle and $4 for a just-okay drip coffee. You can get freshly brewed pour-overs for cheaper at any number of shops in Philly. Never go here hungry. It's only worth it to get a small drink for here and enjoy the nice decor.
RIDICULOUSLY EXPENSIVE. We live in the rittenhouse square area so we expect prices to be inflated. However, this was a complete ripoff. We got a salad, green juice, and small coffee (no table service) and our total was $37!! The juice itself was no more than 16oz for over $15. There were no prices listed next to the juice or else we wouldn't have bought it. Salad was mediocre, no dressing. High end juice places in rittenhouse only charge $8-$11 for the same juice and salads are much tastier and more affordable basically anywhere else you go in the area. Skip it.
Great concept, but need a better pricing strategy.

First, the good:  The decor is fantastic, and the food is actually very good.  I only tried their Acai, Banana, Brazilian Nut and Hemp smoothie as well as their amarinth porridge with a side of fruit.  I love the Brazilian Nut smoothie:  creamy and nutty but with a hint of refreshing berry.  The amarinth porridge was different -- unlike anything I'd ever tasted -- but  it was still very filling and tasted pretty good.  The fruit cup was a mix of grapefruit, kiwi, and apples:  nothing extraordinary, but pretty good.

Now, the bad:  Overall, the food tasted great, but I was truly surprised at the portions.  First, the smoothie:  I ordered this one day over the weekend and for $8+tax I received a pretty large-sized cup; I was surprised, then, to return a few days later and find that they had reduced the size of the product to a much smaller cup but maintained the price (I apologize:  they never told me the exact size of the cup).  When combined with the porridge and the fruit cup, the total price for everything was $18.  For a quick breakfast I took to go.  I can understand the prices will be higher here for the quality of the ingredients, and the portions actually don't bother me per se, but these prices are truly surprising.  But it shouldn't:  you can see that the owner has spent an extraordinary amount of money in the details of the decoration for this place and much of what you are paying for are those small details.  I also want to comment on the service:  it is incredibly slow every time I go there-- when I was there someone started to serve someone else in the middle of preparing my products.

Hopefully as the company continues to test the concept they will refine their pricing further and improve the quality of their service.  I cannot imagine going to this place for much more than the *very* occasional treat considering that the food, while good, was not some of the best food I've had in Philly.  From a business perspective, not sure how it will work out with these kinds of prices, but the founder seems passionate and I hope she will be able to adjust as she goes along!
I wanted to give PS & Co five stars.

For months I've been admiring the shops Instagram account and drooling over the beautiful dishes they create, and the thoughtful and clean ingredients they use. 

My rating is based on a combination of factors. 

The pros:

The space while not large, is lovely. In another incarnation it would make a lovely coffee or tea shop filled with cozy banquets allowing people to languish over books and laze about sipping a beverage and chatting with friends.
This space isn't quite as warm and cozy as is.
But lovely. 

The food is thoughtful. You can tell the person creating each dish put love jnto it. 

It's healthy stuff. Nothing you get here is unhealthy. 

The cons:

I felt unwelcome. 

There is something to be said for a smile when you walk into an store. I've said it in other reviews- but not getting better a warm greeting when walking into a shop makes a huge difference. I will immediately become disenchanted if my experience in a shop made me feel rushed, unappreciated (hey small businesses- where's the love?) and feel like the staff wants to roll their eyes at me.

Just smile dude.

I didn't feel like premade juices should cost what they're charging. 
It seems wasteful. Also, what if people don't want the combinations that have been stocked?

The fridge in the back where the juices are kept don't have great lighting, and seeing all the juices with the settled pulp is unappealing. 

My spring roll was tasty, and wasn't overpriced- but alas, I can make it better for the cost of the one that I bought.

This isn't a bad place to check out. Definitely great for those who have dietary restrictions.
I came to PS & Co for the second time for a belated birthday/mother's day brunch (this time with my sister and her fiancee, and my SO in tow). We had a really great experience the first time around, (in spite of the price) and we thought it would be nice to take her back. This experience was entirely different - and clearly not for the better. 

I made a reservation online and included a note that we were coming for my mother's birthday (I believe that there's a space to note special events when reserving). When we checked into the restaurant, the hostess confirmed with me that we were here for my mother's birthday. She then seated us at a table in the back. They gave us a small table for four (pulling up a chair for our fifth). Despite having made a reservation a month back, and despite there being other open tables (that could have been pulled over), we were squished into a small space. 

Our waiter came over after a little while and we placed an order. Coffee for my mom and just a food order for everyone else. When he brought the coffee over, my mom spilled a bit of the milk on herself as he handed it to her. He didn't offer or ask if she wanted another small container of milk. He didn't really react at all. I had to ask if he could bring a towel/rag so she could wipe off a bit, and he said something along the lines of, "I'll see what we have." He ended up grabbing a small paper-towel from the bathroom. You don't have a single cloth napkin/towel in the back?

After quite a while our food came. Two in the party ordered the waffle w/dark chocolate, one got an avocado toast + mohinga, another got breakfast tacos, and then my mom got something else that I forget now. No one was very happy with their meal. The avocado toast came on bread that was incredibly hard and thick (the flavor and density of the bread completely overpowered the dish). My sister ordered the tacos w/the pickled jalapeños and hot sauce. She had to make the request for the jalapeños/hot sauce again because it didn't come out with her order (or at all). The waffle was different than the one they had the last time I came. This one was harder and had more of a flavor (but not necessarily in a good way). My mom didn't love her dish either. 

Everyone ate their meal regardless, but I felt a little disappointed/bad because I had brought everyone there. I actually didn't eat any of my waffle because I was feeling quite sick that day. My SO had one square of the waffle, but other than that it was untouched. Despite this, the waiter never asked whether 1) there was something wrong with it or 2) if I liked it. Normally if someone hasn't touched their meal, you'd ask a question about it. He didn't really check in with us at all though - and it was 9AM so there weren't many people there at the time. At the end of the meal when he asked us about the check, he didn't ask if I wanted a box for my untouched waffle. We had to ask him. When he brought the check he didn't bring a box, and so I had to ask a different member of the wait staff to bring us one. 

And on top of all of that, the waiter didn't even acknowledge that it was my mom's birthday. I don't expect that they'll give her a free dessert, but at least a happy birthday would be nice. Otherwise, why even ask if a guest is coming for a special occasion? 

Overall it was a bad experience, and though I had such a nice time our first go around, I definitely won't be back.
it's pretty unfortunate that i feel like i've been left no choice but to write my first negative yelp review, but here we are... i was very sick last week and stopped by to pick up some freshly squeezed  juices. i found the drinks in their takeout fridge and was told upon paying that i'd be charged a $3 deposit per bottle if i didn't want them to be poured out into a plastic cup. "you'll get it back when you return the bottles," i was told. since i am concerned about the environment, i decided to forego the plastic cup option and paid the extra $6. imagine my surprise when i took the empty vessels back today and was told that they do not offer money back--i could receive $1 towards my next purchase. i had a doctor's appointment (because sick) so i had to leave quickly, leaving the bottles behind, with nothing in return.. i was definitely mislead and feel like i was robbed of $6 for being green.
Response to owner's comment: Thanks for taking the time to comment! I always love it when I see restaurant owners taking an active interest in what their customers say on Yelp. I first became aware of your restaurant after my wife went several times, because it's her favorite smoothie in town. Have been a couple times, and the food has always been outstanding. I still believe that it is a bit pricy, but it's definitely not randomly so. You all clearly go to great lengths to ensure you provide a uniquely high quality product to your customers, and you taking the time to comment on my review all the more highlights your dedication to your craft. Upgrade to 4 stars!
I was very hesitant to try this place.  A vegan brunch to nourish a hangover?  My immediate thought was a hard pass!
However, I don't get to pick every restaurant, and I was told under no uncertain terms that we were doing it.

Wowza, was I glad to be wrong!  Quaint atmosphere.  Friendly, attentive service.  Most importantly, delicious food.

A gluten-free, quinoa oat waffle.  Honestly, I make a pretty mean waffle myself, and this one was right up there.  Simply a delicious flavor.  I never would have pegged it for gluten-free.  Paired with a top-notch genuine maple syrup and an extraordinary fruit compote, I was simply stunned.
Shared a tofu scramble which was also quite good.  No, it didn't quite satisfy my craving for eggs, but as a vegan alternative, I was pretty impressed.  I felt they were a touch salty, but still tasty.

Took a piece of banana bread for the road.  As delicious a piece of banana bread as I've ever purchased.

I'd venture to say that I'll return here on my next trip to Philly.  Next time I'll be smart enough to make a reservation.  We were fortunate to get "bar seats" at the counter by the window.  The service was not at all lacking, and we got to check out all of the desserts behind the glass up front.
Found a new go to spot here. Had the chia porridge,  ginger juice, lemonade, jalapeño  corn muffin and a coffee with Brazilian nut milk. Everything was good, the chia porridge was my favorite.  Slightly sweet and the chia was tender, tasted like tapioca as opposed to when I eat it raw and it's hard. Nice to get something good for y poo u and tastes good too.  Andrea the owner made sure every one was enjoying themselves and was very knowledgeable about the menu and all the ingredients.  
The space is well decorated,  spacious and relaxing.
As a vegan, I am somewhat embarrassed by this place.  Healthful, vegan food does not have to be sold at these high prices, prepacked in (compostable) plastic containers.  The small entrees are well over $10, which would be perfectly fine if I hadn't had them pointed out to me in a refrigerated case, with the helpful suggestion that I could microwave them if I wanted them warm.  (Yes, I do like my curries warm....)

I am giving this place three stars because it does have some tasty options.  I particularly recommend the black and white pudding cup.
Just way too pricey. Understand that it's organic and healthy food. But I can't justify spending $10 for juice/smoothie or $3.50 for coffee (not pour over, drip coffee). I went the opening weekend so perhaps they have adjusted their prices but I was pretty turned off by the prices. Decor is very cute but I am just not willing to pay such a premium for it.
I'll start by saying this place is almost a daily weekday stop for me on my way to work. It is so nice to see a place like this open up that has super healthy choices and specialty food for those of us who don't fancy bacon at every meal. Although the prices are a bit high, the food is prepared well and features some unconventional ingredients, so I am not surprised. Combine that with the Rittenhouse location and the prices seem pretty much on point. 

I've tried a tonic, some salads, the summer roll, the coconut porridge, and a macaroon. I can say each one of the items I have tried was very good. The coconut porridge is my go-to. It's filling because of the chia seeds and the muesli. I prefer the fruit on top, but they don't always have it. The one criticism I have however is the consistency is not quite there. I've taken that delicious cup of coconut porridge to my office many times and here and there there is a bitter taste (I think from probiotics? Not sure) or it's quite runny. REGARDLESS, it's delicious so I don't care much and keep going back for more. 

The decor is lovely and the staff is always so friendly. Even in the face of complaining over-entitled Rittenhouse residents (witnessed this a few times and each time the Staff was soooo much nicer than I would have been able to be!) 

I hope this place lasts. It's a move in the right direction for the city. Fresh, local, organic, unconventional, healthy food that is quick and easy.
Why I gave 3 stars: The prices are going to be high for those that eat here regularly, and the menu/register area (is in the actual space) is not user friendly.

I came to visit because I work in the neighborhood and they dropped off a flier.

I had iced coffee and a macaroon, which were both DELICIOUS at a cost of $7. The coffee price, though high, is balanced for the area (we literally have a Starschmucks 2 blocks in EVERY direction). But the macaroon was way too small for the price.

I thought the staff was nice-they had to give me a tutorial on the coffee. They offer coconut milk and coconut derived sugar syrup. 

It just so happens that I LOVE coconuts...but what about customers that don't?

The dessert displays are a bit confusing...there are tongs set out on each one, so customers may think the cases are self service.

I wish them the best of luck-I think this place will do well once they iron out a few kinks.
I really like the aesthetic here - every time I walk by, something about the name of the place and the sign always pulls me in.

I enjoy their juices/shakes. Especially the Elvis and Mango Lassi. I've tried the food but wasn't a big fan. At first I thought it may be because i don't typically eat vegan so perhaps I'm expecting certain flavors and my disappointment is exclusively a factor of this unfair expectation, however this likely isn't true as I love Vedge.

Their coffee with Brazilian nut milk is also nice. I was told they make the milk in house.
Been here a few times and I formally conclude that PS& Co is where farm-to-table meets artistic creativity -- fresh and healthy ingredients, coupled with interestingly designed combinations that make them both pleasant to your palate and to your eyes.  

It is a lot more than just another juice place! Come here for brunch, you will discover the likes of Amaranth porridge, which tastes like an Acai bowl version of porridge, and it comes with pineapple puree and maple caramelized pecans. If you come here for dinner, you might find Veracruz tacos (sweet and lightly spicy BBQ tempeh, pickled pineapple, scallions, and corn tortillas). 

If you love healthy delicious and fun food, do do yourself a favor and check this place out!! Your taste buds would say thank you.
Awesome warm, bright, woody farmhouse vibe.  The guy at the counter, Miles, was super knowledgeable and really cared about the products they serve: the flavors, the environmental footprint, nutrition, and human impact.  The coffee was pretty good and the Brazil nut milk was suprisingly tasty.  I had a blackberry corn muffin that was a little salty and a little sweet, and really moist and flavorful.
4.8/5

If all vegan food could be like this, it would be so easy to be vegan! We came here for dinner and shared 4 different things. This was definitely the way to go since their dishes were very unique and creative, and I wanted to try them all! I liked how their menu represented a broad array of cultures and tastes.

My favorite was the nachos (starter). I had never tried red bell pepper cheese nor miso cashew cheese before, and thought they went really well with their baked chips and guac/other toppings. I also liked the cauliflower "meatball" pizza a lot. The lemongrass curry was lighter than most curries I'm used to, and would be great for someone who prefers curries that aren't too heavy (though I guiltily admit that I like heavy curries...) The turmeric pineapple rice was also light and tasty.

The inside was really cute and I loved all the plants!
One star. 
Got yelled at twice. Once for using my laptop in the back room (sorry, I put it away) - second for not being a mind reader and not knowing they have table service in the back. 
$1.50 for milk and sugar in coffee. Ridiculous.
Added a star for their food being very good.
Over the past year Ps & co has become my favorite restaurant in Philly!  Those are strong words - but I back them up! 

Hands down my most favorite place to eat. 

Some tips to enhance your experience:
1) order the black and white OR tiramisu tart - your mind will be blown by their flavors and richness
2) get everything heated.  Like everything.  They will heat up any roll, salad, noodle dish- and believe me - that is everything!!! The kale salads break down a Little in the pan making them beyond amazing.  All the flavors meld together! Even in the summer - every dish, when heated, goes from delicious to the most amazing thing you've ever eaten.  Trust me! 
3) if you're into high vibrational foods - this is the place.  Everything here is made with love. 

*** also the Silk Road fixed price dinner is something you should not miss. Go make a reservation now, you will NOT be disappointed. 

My only wish is that I could afford to eat here 3x a day.  This place is my optimal restaurant - and I wish I could afford their meal plan and make this the only place I eat, ever.
I went into this place because it was next to my dentist's office. The architecture is great. There's an elegant simplicity to the aesthetics that creates a nice feel. The service is good, but the options are limited. There were few menu options. I was hungry and wound up with two smallish avocado rolls. They were tasty, but I felt unsatiated, at the same time they must have felt overcompensated given what I paid. I was told I could look at a menu but all they serve is what they can procure daily for the sake of freshness and honoring their pro-local ethos. That's all well and good, but there's gotta be some organic chicken salad and bread that satisfies the demands of their eco-ethically driven sensibilities. Also, it was almost a hundred degrees out and it felt like the air was on the "chipmunks in the vents chewing ice and blowing" setting. Can't you be organic and have decent air conditioning?
Saw this place while walking in the neighborhood with a friend and went for lunch the next day. Five stars just for the interior and setting of the place. It is absolutely gorgeous, with wooden chairs, vintage style furniture and little flower/plant decorations everywhere. Even their bathroom is adorable. The servers were all super nice. I had their summer roll and macaroons for dessert. Both were light and flavorful-just the right portion, although it is a bit on the pricey side. Would definitely drop by again to try more things on the menu.
Lovely decor, very nice and polite employees and good food. However, the prices really are steep for the food being offered. Maybe I'm just biased. Having lived in Portland, Oregon and Southern California, perhaps I'm just used to the reasonable prices for similar items that taste as good if not better than the items here. Or maybe P.S.& Co is just on par with similar venues in Rittenhouse.
Very nice and relaxed scene! So relaxed that the guy at the counter moved like a sloth. Maybe part of it was because I was in a rush to get to work, so it seemed slower, but he made it seem like something would break if he moved any faster. Still, he was very nice and friendly, so ill take slow any day over rudeness.

I tried out some of the baked goods. They were good, but not amazing that I would go back and pay the price that I did! Boy!! Everything is was really expensive! I know it's organic and all, but u would have thought the food was personally blessed by Jesus with the price of some things! 

The food was good and healthy, but I know I could get the same for cheaper
Beautiful, airy, original decor... Everywhere I looked there was some unusual detail, from vintage bottles lit in wire milk crates overhead to fresh flowers EVERYWHERE ( even some in the super clean bathroom). Glass-doored refrigerators hold lovely packages of healthy looking hand made products- glass bottles of Brazil nut milk ( I would like to try that in an iced coffee next time). So... The food- a magical combination of healthy/delicious/unusual & beautifully presented. Here are the 3 things I liked the most, though it was hard to choose.
* spring roll holding all kinds of bright flavors-grated carrot w some sort of light lime dressing/tofu/shredded vegetables and an amazing dipping sauce.
* a vegan Caesar salad- I think sunflower oil instead of egg? Chop chop pile of crispy greens and a sprinkling of roasted/dried chick peas 
* an Avocado Coconut meat icy cold pudding with a few cayenne pepper roasted hazelnuts and edible flowers- served in a thick WECK glass ( I want to find these for home!)
* a brown rice / bean dish with subtle flavors and a crispy onion topping that was sublime. Just remembering it made me forget I said 3 things. I guess that's 4.
Every element of the place has an attention to detail that is astounding. And the owner Andrea Kyan popped over to our table to check that everyone was happy- she radiates a sense of good health and a vibrant love for life that is infectious. 
When you have a minute, go find that picnic basket that you bought in the 80s after watching all those Merchant-Ivory movies & a blanket and go get some P.S.&co & have a picnic in Rittenhouse Square.

I read through the other reviews here & saw some negative pricing comments. It is not a cheap spot. I can't imagine the sourcing costs of all of these high-quality ingredients ( how many brazil nuts go into a gallon of cold pressed nut milk?) and paying staff above minimum wage and what I imagine are really high rental costs in such a premium neighborhood and a commitment to community all add up. I heard there is a little fleet of delivery bicycles. Hoping 95 gets a bike lane soon!!
Fresh, inventive but highly overpriced. We stopped in for some vegan friendly items but left feeling disappointed. The fresh juice was bitter, the fresh homemade sweetners and milk did not balance out the coffee even with a heavy serving and the cookies were blah. I was super excited at the idea but it needs a bit more balance of flavor and sweetness when you are selling the idea of health sweets.
The prices at this place are outrageous even for Rittenhouse! The person behind me, who politely sat through a long diatribe about how precious the juices are, was so horrified that an 8oz cup of juice cost $10 that he left with just water. My mystery smoothie ( there aren't really options, they just ramble off a hodge podge of ingredients that they're putting in it) was slightly less expensive but DISGUSTING. I could have saved $8.50 by going to the park and chewing on some grass. My baby ate it, but he doesn't know any better
Really great food. Awesome atmosphere. Nice people. And it's healthy...what more could you want?
I am torn - this place is somewhere between a 3.5-4 for me. Let me start with the good: The space is super cute and cozy. We sat in the back room and enjoyed a nice breeze from the patio. The decor reminded me of being in an old Victorian house "Downton Abbey" style. Service was warm and friendly, so no complaints there!

The food, however, was just okay. Full disclosure - I am not vegan (in fact, I am quite the opposite), however, the friend I was dining with was vegan, thus how we landed at PS&Co. The coffee was good, but they do not offer cream, just Brazil Nut cream, which, at $1.50 is not worth the money. The menu is rather large, but I wasn't happy with my avocado toast. The "bread" was really hard and tasted like cardboard and the avocado tasted like mediocre guacamole. My friend's waffle, however, was delicious. 

Perhaps I don't eat enough vegan food items to have much of a valid opinion of this place, but I thought it was rather pricey for what you got. I know they are vegan, but maybe offering some non-vegan, but still healthy, options for people who aren't into the plant-based/vegan thing would draw more people into the restaurant. If that were the case, I'd definitely come here again on my own; otherwise, I'll only be back if friends insist on going.
On a Sunday afternoon I was  walking down the street looking for place to grab a bite, and then suddenly I see this little sign on the sidewalk that said something along the lines with "come check out our secret garden" and it pointed at a little alley. it was around 4pm so I thought it's still sunny out so it won't be shady to go and see what secret garden the sign was talking about. So I walk up and I see this little place with cute few tables and a wooden wall with few plants and some lights hanging on the top. I walk in and it's kind of bigger from the inside. A very nice looking cafe that I've never heard of before. 
I got a salad and an iced tea for late lunch and sat there listened to nice relaxing music while reading my book. Then I decided to do some work on my laptop until I found out that they don't have a wifi. In the beginning I was disappointed but then, I thought about it for a second. It's probably the only cafe out there or at least one of the very few cafes that don't have a wifi. If i had an access to a wifi I would've probably been distracted by my laptop and my phone but not having internet connection kind of forced me to grab my book and read more while listening to the music and connecting with the novel I was reading.
I can say that I had a great time and I spent a lovely Sunday afternoon. I will definitely be back.
**** warning: if you have a tree nut allergy do not come here whatsoever!!!!

I have an allergy to tree nuts and after very carefully reading all of the labels that name the ingredients in the food, chose the waffle sandwich. After about 5 minutes, I started to have trouble breathing and asked if there were nuts in the sandwich. Though I was visibly distressed and swollen, one of the three people behind the counter shrugged at me and said "yea all our baked goods have nuts in them" (although there is no sign of this anywhere). I proceeded to call the closest hospital from right in front of the counter, where I had to sputter out my symptoms (though talking/breathing was difficult) and get recommended to come in to their ED right away. Meanwhile the employees had gone back to talking loudly about fighting with their roommates and didn't ask me how I was or offer to get me anything like water, except for one guy who commented that it was "good I stopped eating it" then I quickly packed my stuff and when I left I got a casual "thanks!" Considering their $15 waffle almost killed me, I'd have appreciated a little more customer service and if they are going to use nuts in just about everything, they should a) sign that better for people with allergies and b) have Benadryl, an epi pen, or some other protocol on the ready for dealing with such a common allergen. Overall the experience was more distressing than it should have been because of the terrible service.
What a great spot!  The counter help was nice enough to blend a custom juice.  Juice was great I only wish they were fresh pressed - but they still get 5 stars :) Nice design, decor, people and excellent menu options. Plenty of seating.  

I would agree on the pricing being on the high end (over $20 for a juice and a salad to go-plus the auto tip request pop up is sort of awkward at the counter).  BUT they still get 5stars because I would have given them more if I could!
Was in the Philadelphia area for a wedding and happened to be staying downtown close to PS & Co, which was recommended to me by a coworker. 
Since I had a small window of Time, I walked over on a Thursday afternoon and found it to be a cute and charming, organic eatery! 

At the counter, you'll find pasties and while eying them, I asked the staffer at the counter if her boss was around, since my friend knows her boss. Unfortunately, she wasn't, and I was hungry, so I ordered some food to go. I'm not such if waiter service was available that late in the afternoon since most seats were empty. 

So I had the mango lassi as it was a hot, June day -- which was great, and the Avocado Toast to go. It was quite good but for the price, was one, super small piece so was a bit dissatisfied with that. 

Nevertheless. PS & Co is a cute place for a drink or a pastry with a beautiful interior.
Looking for a smoothie bowl (pre-workout) brunch around Rittenhouse and I decided to try this place.

The place is nice and clean. I was seated in the back room. Wish there are more sun light / windows.

Now let's talk about the food.
I ordered protein packed smoothie bowl and porridge. 

The porridge is bland. Even with pineapple purée I expect a little bit of sweetness but it's really bland. I could barely taste the pineapple. The only thing that make it edible is the caramelized pecan.

The smoothie bowl taste just like another smoothie, with banana and nuts. Nothing special about it.

Since they called this Protein Packed smoothie, I asked how many grams of protein in this bowl, they have no idea. 

No calorie or nutritional information on the menu either. So I'm not sure if it's really protein packed, or if the protein is higher than the carbs, or just a marketing hype.

When I left this place I feel like I'd rather eat a cup of fruit salad and drink a scoop of protein shake. At least I can estimate the amount of carbs and protein that I take. And much cheaper.

I'm glad I tried but I don't think I'd return to this place.
This place is adorable!!! The food looks, smells and tastes amazing (get the chocolate tart!), the owner Andrea is lovely and welcoming, and I can't wait to come here for dinner. Plus, it's vegan, gluten free, AND kosher! The only problem is, it's a block from my apartment and offers delivery... Too tempting!!!
This is my ideal place.  Really beautiful place to hang out.  All of the food is gluten free and vegan.  The people working there are incredibly patient and friendly.  I got two salads and a Summer Roll and it was all delicious.  I hope to be a repeat customer.  Very happy that things like this are coming to Philly!
I made my way to PS&Co last night to the utmost urging of my friend's visiting friend. As a vegetarian, I am very pleasantly surprised by the roster of veggie places in this place (philly), they just keep crawling out of the woodwork. 

After crushing a margarita pitcher and hummus with chips at Wrap Shack, we made our way through the frigid air to P S & Co. What does that shit even mean anyway? 

This place wasn't exactly lit on a Thursday evening at around 7pm, with about one or two other tables occupied. We were given plenty of attention. It's a cute and casual sit down place. 

As per usual, I was down for ordering anything and everything. By everything, I literally mean every-single-thing. Thankfully I was accompanied by real adults who ordered a reasonable quantity of food. Despite our eyeing of the nachos (and everything else actually), we settled on the cheese board, ramen bowl, tempeh "bacon" burger, and the salt baked cauliflower & meatball pizza.

Let's start with the cheese plate. I can finally relate to how it must feel when normal people eat vegetarian-ized meat. I was not clear whether this place was actually vegan vs vegetarian and for some reason was under the assumption this was actual cheese. The plate itself is gorgeous and generously loaded with 4 types of cheese, crispy kale, honey mustard, spicy mustard, and pesto dipping sauces, apple slices, a hard bread type-thing and carrot sticks. Now onto the shit you're actually interested in: the cheese. I was not expecting the waitress to say "walnut cheese", (and then I forget the other kinds of cheese actually but all vegan). One soft with peppers and other spicy shit and 3 harder ones. They were alright but definitely not as good as actual cheese. The sauces were delicious, especially that pesto shit. Needless to say we ate the shit out of it anyway.

Second to arrive was the pizza. Crust was interesting, definitely not the type of crust I'm used to. This was one of the better offerings of the meal. The meatballs were tasty and I enjoyed the combo of flavors. Definitely not as good as regular pizza with a regular crust. Not unlike the rest of my life, perhaps my expectations are too high.

Shortly after the pizza, the tempeh burger made its way to our table. This was the ticket. Bun was soft. Tempeh was deliciously seasoned. Boyguh was escorted with crisp and thin sweet potato fries that could have been seasoned better and could have been more of themselves. I kept eyeing that last quarter on the plate and then kept counting the people at our table repeatedly disappointed that the math just didn't add up for me to have another wedge. 

Finally the ramen decided to show up. Tons of broth with some brown noodles swimming with a large hunk of bok choy. Unfortunately (because it was relatively closer to me than some of the other things and therefore easier to access) this was just not good. Pretty flavorless but the flavors that were present weren't particularly tasty. This was a waste of space both on our table, on the bill, and most importantly, in my fucking stomach. 

This place was good and seemed fresh and healthy. The service was great. I, however, feel there are better vegetarian places to try in Philly.
Came in here looking for a smoothie place and left happy and full!  The crew behind the bar were smiling and helpful!  The owner was just hanging out meeting and greeting customers.  Had a nice chat with her after they offered me a free sample of some great food they were testing out.  They made me an amazing green smoothie!  Highly recommend this place!  Great vibe!  Thanks for the cornbread :)
P S & Co did not disappoint food wise. Everything was delicious. I ordered their Summer Roll for lunch and had one of their cookie sandwiches, Almond Butter Cookies with blueberry cream. 

The summer roll was $6.95 and it was a single roll cut up into four pieces. It came with a tasty chili sauce but the dish was very small. This dish should really come with two rolls instead of one. If it's going to be one roll it should be $4.95.

The almond butter blueberry cream cookie sandwich was AMAZING. I want to recreate it at home! The almond butter cookies were a great texture and the cream was sweet and fruity. It was a $9 cookie. It was delicious but $9 is horribly steep. I understand that it is vegan, gluten free and soy free but it should've been $6 max. 

I would love to come back but I just can't afford a $17 light lunch.
My boyfriend and I were walking around the Rittenhouse area desperate for somewhere to enjoy a light brunch. We were both freezing and tired after popping in a few places in the area that had little to no seating. As I frantically searched my Yelp app, PS & Co came up and after looking at a few pictures, it was decided.

Upon walking into the cafe, we were greeted by the warm and friendly staff who gave us the option of dining in or taking out. We were so relieved to see so many tables available that we asked to be seated in the cafes adorable back dining room. Though neither one of us is vegan, we both immeditatly found options on the menu that looked appealing to us. 

My boyfriend ordered the Breakfast Tacos ($13.50) which came with sprouted corn tortillas, tofu scramble, fresh greens, pico de gallo, sofritos, raw bell pepper nacho cheese and guacamole. Despite there being not being any meat or animal protein in the dish, the portion was the perfect size and filled a grown, hungry man.

I ordered a single slice of avocado toast ($6.50... a little pricey) and the Mohinga Soup ($9.00) The soup was definitely the star of the show. Mohinga is a healing Burmese noodle soup with turmeric, ginger, lemongrass, kaffir lime, chili sesame oil, peanuts, cilantro, scallions, lime and Burmese fried onions. The menu said that the soup would be filled with brown rice noodles, however there were no noodles in my soup, just broth. Nevertheless, the soup was delicious and proved to be exactly what my body needed!

Our favorite part of PS & Co was definitely their coffee complete with brazil nut milk and coconut sugar! ($3.50 i believe with the add-ons) So so delicious!

All in all, we had a pretty flawless experience at PS & Co and can not wait to go back to try some more of their lunch items!
I'm feeling mean about my last review, so I went back the the place, ordered a few different things, and now I'm posting a more reasonable review.

I guess I was so shocked about the prices I just went off about them. I still think the prices are very high, but to be fair, you are getting a nice quality purchase. The flavors are strong and staff continued to be extremely nice and warming!
My favorite thing so far was the banana chocolate chip bread! Mmm!!!
I love the idea of this place and maybe their food is great but I was very disappointed with the smoothie I purchased today. It was $12 and I was okay with spending a lot for an all organic smoothie made with great ingredients but it ended up being so small! 
It was supposed to be a kale avocado, but it only had a touch of kale in it and a very small amount of other ingredients. They add a lot of ice to fill it out.
I am okay with shelling out for quality ingredients but not for this tiny of a portion.
The location is quaint and the decor (outside and in!) are adorable. Very hole in the wall, country-chic. 

I didn't try any of the prepared food, but it all looked delicious (especially the vegan mac and cheese). I can unofficially say that the have the best green smoothie in Philly. It has kale, banana, orange, pineapple, brazilian nut milk and ice (I got it without pineapple) and it is the most delicious, refreshing drink ever. 

Are things a bit pricey? Sure. But this is an organic health food store in Rittenhouse Square, so that is to be expected.
Checked in and checked out.

Rang up my $7.50 coconut yogurt to discover they don't have WiFi because they're "in a dead zone." 

P.S. & Co. is located at 17th and Locust in Center City, Philadelphia. 

The cashier gladly refunded me and I went on my way. Note: she still offered the free macaroon check-in offer, which was very nice. 

I was happy to pay the high price for a snack if that meant I could camp out for an hour or so and get some work done. No go at P.S. & Co.
This place is HUGE, BEAUTIFUL, and ALL-VEGAN. I can tell that thought was put into every single aspect of the food and decor. It's just...wow. You have to see for yourself. I can see myself going here a lot in the summer, sipping on a tonic or iced coffee, buying a macaroon or a crisp bar for a sweet treat. The brazil nut milk is perfect in their iced coffee. The tonic I had yesterday (peppermint+carrot juice) was awesome--so flavorful and refreshing. I can't wait to try more of their juices and tonics. 

I got a six pack of macaroons and it was six dollars more than the cost of getting six individual macaroons. OOPS, not going to do that again! Weird price thing aside, we ate the whole little box there and each and every one was a delectable morsel of coconut goodness.

Unfortunately, after seeing their prices, I cannot see myself eating a full meal at PS & Co. I'm sure the food is very good (it looks great!), but $15 (plus tax&tip!!!) for a salad is absurd. That's even more than your average takeaway salad at comparable NYC places like One Lucky Duck and Organic Avenue. Be prepared to spend around $25-$35 on a meal here. This place is for rich people.
The food here is fine as well as customer service.  It is just overpriced for selling vegan/organic foods.  I've had better experiences at other stores with same or better food quality without overpaying.  There is also not that much variety. I am not vegan, but I hear that promoting healthier and more sustainable eating is their thing, this business model of overpricing doesn't really add up. 
However, on food and the space
The seating space is very pretty and cozy, there is cute garden seating in the back.
The fresh coconuts are delicious, they are Asian coconuts, so a little different. 
A good place for a treat.
Shocked they are in business when they seem so incompetent.  They gave us a gift card when we walked out after an hour and a half, having received just half the drink order and no food.  Why bother going back?  It was a shame to make a reservation for Mother's Day brunch just to walk out hungry.
This place would be better described as $$$$ of blended fruit. 

This is the story of my journey here: I have a friend, and acai bowls are our thing. So we came by via a Yelp search on a Thursday evening because we didn't have a lot of other options in Philly for obtaining an acai bowl. The ambience is A+ but there's not a lot of wiggle room for glowing reviews when you pay $20 (including tip + tax) for a small bowl of blended smoothie with a smidgen of fruit topped on it. Just to give more perspective, I also noticed that the price of one tiny square piece of tiramisu cake in their display cases were close to $10. 

The server was nice but she didn't elaborate on the "seasonal fruit" as toppings in the menu, and just brought out mangoes in my acai bowl. I had to ask them to switch it out because I don't eat mangoes, and she replaced them with strawberries. But the whole process made me wonder why they don't just check in about allergies or ask the customers which seasonal fruit they want from the ones that they have available, in order to save trouble on both ends. 

It's okay when you're in a dire search for acai bowls but money doesn't grow on trees so give thought to your wallet before you walk in here.
Beautiful cafe! I only stopped in to have a smoothie, but it was delicious. Fresh strawberries and bananas. It was delicious. I will definitely be back!
Loved, loved Pure Sweets & Co.  On my 1st visit had a yummy Summer Roll  + Cold pressed orange & lavender juice... Yummers!  I've taken the time to read many of the reviews (many of them VERY unjust)... as a health coach I understand the value of nutrition, food should be eaten to nourish and not just to fill up our stomach. 

Prices are yes def on the high end, but then again, you are totally getting what you are paying for... food to help u thrive, food that has been very well conceived and prepared, quality of products. Mind you, of course we need to think about our budgets, but truly, I feel we over spend in so many other things, but when you think about it, why not on your health and what you put on your body? We might as well ditch the expensive creams to keep a youthful look or over the counter medication to "treat" symptoms of illnesses (but not the cause) and eat right and I assure you, you will spend WAY more less and have WAY more money to enjoy other things that makes life worth living... for me thats food such as offered by PS & Co, food that makes me thrive :)
Thank goodness for this place. The food is exquisite. 
I would give it 5 stars if not for the service issues that would honestly be a deal breaker if not for the food- while it is friendly, the servers need role clarity, communication, and deployment training. 

*Let's start with the FOOD*: 
The flavors are BRIGHT, crisp and fresh. I felt like weeping over the waffle and cakes, since GF treats are usually so bland and heavy. These are light and deep in flavor. Perhaps one of the best brownies I have ever had. Also, shout out to the baker who recognizes that quality ingredients mean you don't have to use too much sugar- these are perfectly sweet. 

The brunch main courses have a complex set of flavors, and the right balance of soft and crisp. The mouthfeel of the burrito was particularly comforting, and the homemade hot sauce dazzled. Everything tastes fresh.

*Now the SERVICE*
I'll start with the good parts: after seeing our table suffer,  a red headed server took pity on us, apologized, and even gave us that amazing brownie. I hope we tipped her well. I say I hoped because I wasn't super sure she was our server. 

Our initial arrival had no host or greeting, and so I waited in line at the coffee counter to let them know I had a reservation. The hectic girl (server #1) behind the counter said, "oh so do you want to eat in?" "yes" "oh so just sit anywhere you like.". So we did and sat there for about 20 minutes unattended. 

We sat another 30 minutes after receiving menus and water by  server #2. 

Finally red headed server #3 asked us, "have you been helped yet?" and seemed concerned when we hadn't. Things got significantly better and our mouths were so happy. 

About halfway into our meal, server #2 checked on us, and the husband asked for a coffee warm up. She said, "do you want it in this cup?" and he said, "sure let me finish this really quick' proceeded to gulp his last bits down and she turned walked away without the cup. We never saw server #2 again. 

When I brought up the cup to the counter, and asked if anyone had time for a warm up, the cup was gruffly taken from my hand from server #4 without a word. I said, "sorry if I asked the wrong person, I don't think I understand the deployment here and I'm not sure who to ask for help from." Server #4 literally just stared at me speechless. 

Four different women served us during our meal, three of whom were grumpy and seemed irritated we were there, (I usually interpret this type of mood as "We are understaffed and this isn't really my table). 

DEAR MANAGEMENT:
Please manage customers expectations at the onset- I am still not sure if there is brunch table service or if we were ticking everyone off by not ordering from the front counter. I would rather go with whichever working model you have than frustrate your staff. 

If there is table service, please confirm that every server "owns" a table so we know who to ask for help. I was pretty sure that of the 4 women helping us, at least 3 were irritated that we were asking for help, (but given the 3 servers visiting our table, we weren't sure who we were actually supposed to be asking for help from). 
 
It just kind of seemed like chaos with 3 people helping every table so no one was sure which step each table was in, (had someone ordered yet? did someone need coffee? did someone need a check?). 
If it's a free for all, perhaps have some type of communication system to flag which step each table is in so 1) customers don't wait so long for someone to notice them and 2) you can move people faster through your floor and you can increase your profit.

The overarching recommendation is communication: let us know what to expect and how to request service. Ensure the staff know who needs what, and who is actually taking care of it. 

This will reduce everyone's stress level and your staff will find it easier to meet customer needs, find time to delegate to side work, and ensure customer returns, (from other reviews, I can see people love the food but also take issue with the service). Maybe ask the red headed server to train the rest of the team on how to serve customers while under pressure- she's doing it right!

All of these I kinks I look forward to seeing get ironed out, as I will return again and again, (although only on days I can be sure I have the time in case there is lots of waiting).
if you're looking for an economical satisfying lunch... AVOID THIS PLACE AT ALL COSTS!!!!

lol i have very bipolar feelings about this place.  i want to love it but i really can't .. mostly because my wallet won't let me.  so i stopped in today to grab a salad.  never been.. but saw some glowing reviews on yelp so i thought "heeey what the duck, lemme try!"

so i got the sunflower seed caesar salad.... $13.50 after tax O_O!!!!! my insides ached a little bit T_T;; but partially my fault too b/c i just love trying new places...  surely, the salad is more unique than your ubiquitous saladworks.  the sunflower seed caesar is mostly kale based, finely chopped, and mixed with a lighter hue of romaine.  it comes with dried up shiitake mushrooms that taste like bacon and some crunchy peas that reminds me of those wasabi peas.... it's served with a miso dressing which adds to the nice fusion mix.  everything tastes mighty fine.  not gonna lie, it definitely tastes snazzy compared to your regular saladworks.  but i really dunno if the taste and its fancy organic properties can truly justify the premium price! heck i don't even like that much dressing on my salad and i doused the whole saucer of dressing into my bowl to get every ounce of what i paid for.  (btw DON"T DO THIS! b/c it ended up being too salty and ... spicy?!) 

so all in all, the cafe has a beautiful organic setting.  very down to earth and relaxing ambiance.  not a bad place to chill on a sunday afternoon.  but sadly for me, i cannot afford this luxury salad daily.  i'm sure it's aimed to a different target group since it is located at the heart of center city next to rittenhouse.  i probably wont be returning anytime soon unfortunately.. 

just trying to give people a heads up before coming here~
Everything about my recent experience at P.S. & Co.'s Friday dinner was disappointing.  My friend requested that we go there in honor of her birthday, and I was happy to oblige.  However, the reservation process was annoying, to say the least, and spoke volumes of how much room for improvement the staff has in running a restaurant/cafe.  I first called two weeks prior to my reservation date and spoke with Jacqueline (not sure of the spelling).  She took down my name, contact info, and the date I was calling to reserve.  I asked if I needed to purchase a voucher on the website and she assured me I could simply pay the bill after the meal.  (I also asked if they did anything special for birthdays, and she said, no, but assured me I could bring something in or purchase another dessert; really???)  The following day, Andrew called to tell me that my reservation had not been notated correctly and inquired as to the date of the reservation.  I told him the date and thought we were all set.  Not quite.  The Thursday before the dinner at approximately 8:30 PM, I received a voicemail from Andrew, informing me that the dinner was fully booked and in order to honor my reservation, they would now require a credit card number to hold my spot.  Less than a half hour later, while I was on my way to get my credit card, I received another phone call from Andrew, again requesting my credit card number and telling me that if my party didn't show up we would be charged the price of one setting.  I don't understand why it took so many phone calls to get to this point.  They should have gotten all the information they needed when I first called to make the reservation.  I could understand if they were calling the day before to confirm the reservation, as many other restaurants do, but the way this all unfolded left a bad taste in my mouth even before the dinner.

The dinner itself was underwhelming.  The tables were extremely close together, so there was no way to have a private conversation with my friend.  When the guy at the table next to ours burped after the meal, I wanted to say, excuse you, but I didn't.  The food itself was okay, but nothing to write home about.  I understand that yes, everything is fresh and organic and local and all that jazz, but other than those attributes, there was nothing notable about the food.  In addition, because there was only one server for the entire room, it was a chore flagging him down for water and juice refills.

Finally, the bill came and I asked about a small partnership discount that is a feature of my membership to a health clinic.  At first, Andrew told me he didn't know about the discount but that he would ask the owner.  When I stated that I had seen the discount on the website, Andrew assured me that if that were the case they should honor the terms.  Andrew then came back and stated that the discount did not apply to the Friday dinners.  When I stated that the website explicitly included the Friday dinners in the discount, he asked me to go and show the owner where on the website the discount was stated.  I pulled up on my phone the website of my health clinic and showed it to Andrew.  Andrew stated that it was a mistake and that the discount didn't apply.  Because it was my friend's birthday dinner and this exchange was taking up too much time, I decided to drop the issue.  Perhaps the erroneous website information was not the fault of P.S. & Co., but if they're offering a discount they should have made sure that the terms were communicated correctly.  In any other instance, at any other restaurant, they would have honored the discount or done something to smooth things over.  (And to add insult to injury, when I later received my emailed receipt from Square, I noticed that they increased the amount of tip I left.  I know I left a tip of $18.00 but somehow it had grown to $18.79 when they charged it.  While the increase isn't much, to change the amount I was ultimately charged is definitely sketchy, if not illegal.)

What I did not like about my experience with P.S. & Co. is that their attitude is "it's our way or the highway."  Their focus is on what they perceive to be important, whether it's the food, drinks, or decor.  Clearly, their focus is not on the customer experience.  While this attitude may be palatable for some, I would rather support an eating establishment that actually cares about whether or not I go home happy.
I really wanted to love this place and it took me months to finally step in here, unfortunately I wasn't blown away. The ambiance is nice and small which gives a sense of intimacy however, immediately it felt stuffy. The staff didn't say hello or smile which was pretty annoying and made me feel totally unwelcome. Especially, because I am gluten - free and really wanted the full experience. The pad Thai salad was decent kind of dry and definitely not worth $13 & the watermelon mint eater certainly wasn't worth almost $10. Believe me, I absolutely love delicious and healthy foods but to me there are plenty of other places in the city where I would rather spend $23 for lunch. I didn't try any of their sweets which I would like to at some point but I definitely wouldn't rush back.
I would probably give it 3.5 stars if I could! The space is gorgeous, really well done. I've gone a couple times now and have had mixed experiences. First off, it's outrageously expensive. The juices are more expensive than when they sold them at dibrunos, which is a little strange? They have nothing labeled in the case so you have to keep asking what everything is. I have had the chia seed pudding which I really enjoyed. Their yogurt on the other hand I did not enjoy. It tasted like a weird mix of chocolate/coconut/berries. In a not delicious way. I also have had a blueberry corn muffin which I threw away after one bite. A weird combo of really salty and really bland. Also have had the quiche with the sweet potato purée on top. I warmed it up (not sure if I was supposed to) but it was really good! Had a nice strong iced coffee here but the (palm?) sugar they have for coffee doesn't mix with cold beverages, would be nice if they had a liquid sugar option for that. I'd still like to try a few more things before making an ultimate decision!
My boyfriend and I ventured to this quaint, adorable hidden gem in Rittenhouse Square for Sunday brunch and it left me with a full belly and a happy customer that will make reservations for dinner soon! 

The restaurant is adorably decorated, as well as the menu mapping everything out for those who have food allergies which was/is so thoughtful. I know a lot of people fake allergies now for whatever reason but for those who actually have it, it's so considerable and that alone, I highly recommend this restaurant. You can also order take out or come in for coffee as it's also a café! Be still my heart. Try the cold brew coconut, it tasted amazing and as I'm writing this, I'm craving more. 

Our sever Max was such a delight to have, welcoming us as it was our first time and was quick with his amazing service, offering us still or sparkling water, explaining the menu.

I chose the tofu scramble, sautéed greens; and as my entre being a yummy avocado toast that was perfectly made as well as being filling! I can't wait to go back here.
This review is for the café area only!
I have been visiting here for a while. First, the staff is super nice. The owner, Andrea, is always there too and she is a sweetheart! She started developing the vegan recipes herself (everything is vegan here) and created some amazing desserts. I absolutely love their tiramisu and cakes. The cake flavors change daily, so make sure to check their instagram or give them a call to see what are the selections. I have tried many flavors and what I love about them is the whipped cream Andrea created with coconut products (not sure if milk or cream or both). She only used the best ingredients so that justifies the extra dollars you might spend here. I really respect her commitment to delivering food that is actually good for you. The cakes, for example, don't sit heavy on the stomach even though they are rich. You can tell the ingredients are different - in a great way!
Her brownie recipe is delicious as well and initially you might find it is weird (it is made from Azuki beans) but, trust me, you can't even notice the beans are there. Very good brownie. 
Oh and they have nice coffee! Make sure to get it to go with your dessert of choice.
This review is not for the food. The food is delicious, but I had the absolutely terrible service here that makes it very hard for me to want to come back. And if you come for take-out, I recommend doing the baked goods, or things that are in the to-go freezer only.

I came at 11:50, the restaurant was mostly empty. I ordered pad-Thai without the sprinkling of peanuts on top because I have a severe allergy. I told the server I was allergic.

I sit there until 12:20, still no pad-Thai. The hostess was very aware and nice and noticed how long I'd been there and went back to check on my food 3 times.

I finally get the food, leave the restaurant. Open it, and sure enough there's the peanuts on top. I go back in and now it's 40 min into my hour lunch break. 

I ask for a refund and the server was very apologetic. He tells me he will give me a refund and tells me I can pick something from the to go fridge, so I take a kale salad.

He doesn't know how to do the exchange/refund so he calls the manager over. The manager enters the "friends and family" discount and it takes a whopping $2 off of the $13 kale salad.

At this point, I said no thanks and left, without any food for lunch.

Honestly, the food is delicious and I was nothing not polite, but this was beyond ridiculous. This restaurant needs more people in the kitchen and out. 

This could have been handled so much better by management, since my time was wasted for the incredibly slow service and my allergies were ignored, which could have been downright dangerous if I hadn't noticed . I think that deserves more than $2 off.


I had been once before and was so excited to know that a place like this exists in Philly, but I just don't see a world in which I can spent 40+ minutes and get no food.
Great decor, juice, and menu. 
I had a free macaroon from yelp so I stopped in to try it. They have coconut macaroons. I had a mexican cayenne (it actually had a spicy kick) and a chocolate chunk (so much choco lately goodness)!
I also had a fresh immune boosting juice and it was so good. I really wish I could create something this delicious and healthy myself. 
However, this fresh food comes at a super high price unfortunately. But the women who worked there are so nice that this place definitely deserved 5 stars for their service.
This place is so gorgeous!!! I stopped in for a quick morning bite, and was taken away with its airy and charming aesthetic. The dessert case is packed with what looks to be raw sweets. You know, the flat dehydrated cookies and balls of macaroons? A little different looking from cookies you're used to seeing. Whether they're actually raw or just vegan/gluten-free, I'm not sure, but that's the best way I could describe them. 

The guy behind the counter hooked me up with coffee with homemade Brazil nut milk, and a chocolate banana bread slice that was to die for. So moist and chocolatey, it paired perfectly with my morning coffee. He said they make their own flours using the leftover pulp from their nut milks, and it was truly something else. I'd go back just for that. 

There was some sticker shock at the register. $10 for a small piece of banana bread and a cup of coffee?! Eesh! I respect that food like this takes a lot of love and quality ingredients, but that's crazy. Next time I'll skip the coffee and go straight for the banana bread, or maybe a smoothie. 

I do love treats that nourish both your body and soul, and that seems to be what PS excels at. My treat left me satisfied and happy, without a shred of regret.

And that, folks, is 100 reviews for 2014!!!
As a gluten-free, dairy-free foodie with a massive sweet tooth... P.S. & CO has been on my radar for quite some time!!! 

Unfortunately, my friends and I were all disappointed. 

Don't get me wrong - my boyfriend's slice of apple cake was absolutely delicious (& such a treat to find a high quality DF/GF one at that)... but after tax and tip it ended up coming out to be $20 which was really crazy to me! 

What I thought of a chill, casual lunch out consisting of a cookie, coffee and burrito ended up totaling to be nearly $40 for just myself and we were a bit surprised to have to pay for the tap water as well. 

Loved my Tahini cookie and my friend's Pad Thai was super duper tasty... but service was so so slow as well. We were not served our main courses at the same time and we did get to have the sides from our order by the time we started eating either. 

All said and done, it was evident that the women in the shop were working EXTREMELY hard and they were really, really sweet. 

I really did want to LOVE this place... I can see myself ordering some sweet treats for pick up for an event in the future but ultimately the prices and service time will keep me away.
I was having a "treat yo'self" kind of day and after getting my nails done, I was starving and wanted to try something new...passed by this place and I'm really glad I did. I am by no means a vegan, or in a gluten free diet but I do have an appreciation for the organic and clean eating. My waiter told me that everything here is vegan, gluten free, organic and kosher. Interestingly, this place is right opposite another restaurant called "Prime Rib"...oh life. 

I almost settled for an avocado toast but decided No, I can get that anywhere. The Mohinga soup looked interesting. My server Matt asked me if wanted it extra spicy "sure, why not". (I got mine without peanuts). There were less noodles than I expected but the soup itself was SO flavourful...nice touch that they brought  chopsticks. I loved the interesting chewy texture and hint of sweetness the onions provided. If I was sick and needed some comfort food: chicken soup is out, this is in. Also got some turmeric ginger tea, very high quality. No complaints there. 

My husband loves cake pops so I brought him back some of the cake balls. These were not that great. There's a fine line between moist and watery and I feel like these crossed the line. 

All in all, I enjoyed my time here and recommend it. A chill vibe, friendly servers and all the vegans I know all have a favorite dish on the menu.
Cannot support this place. Terrible service to my interns of color whenever they get food for the office for lunch of breakfast. Have first hand seen the gross treatment of patrons who they don't believe belong. Going to stop going here for good . It's a shame healthy option with terrible people ! 


Update to this review: Please don't believe the owners response, it's riddled with privilege and excuses. What the wonder does not know or her boyfriend who personally messages and threatened me to take down the review , know is I have been back to PS many times since they tossed a human being outside like a pest. I've even sent my interns, and my daughter who's adopted and black. Being vegan you have very little options so we end up having to go back. Without fail I've witnessed micro aggressions to brown and black guest. I thought I was being sensitive until my daughter finally expressed she just does not feel comfortable there. It's terrible . It's so hard to find healthy options and I work a ton but this place has a serious dark side!

Also the owner is lying , they were not threatened in the slightest. They could have simply asked the person to leave instead she said "What are YOU doing in here, get the fuck out of here" yes u read that right
I come in here pretty often and usually it's a relatively pleasant experience but there are a few things that I do not like about this place. First, they run out of everything way too quickly. I work in the restaurant industry and know making food isn't that easy but if you have a "hot ticket item" that you no consumers love you make more! When I came in yesterday at 1pm I asked for the french bread pizza which is my favorite and they were out. They were obviously out of Banana bread because that sells out  by 10am basically everyday ( make more perhaps?) 

Then after already being disappointed with the bare selection in the fridge I asked for a cup of the butternut bisque soup. The girl behind the counter informed me that they were out of that as well, naturally I was bummed that by 1pm everything I had wanted was gone. There was another female sitting down at the counter who was an employee of P.S & Co and was on break and she was eating the soup and said "yaaaa I took the last one!" employees have to eat too, but then (10 minutes later) as I was waiting for my smoothie to be done that same employee who told me she "took the last soup" came around the counter and I watched her pour a whole full other cup of that soup in a cup. I said "oh can I have that soup?" and her response was: "oh no sorry this is my cup." I though that was extremely rude and unprofessional and bad for business too. She essentially lied to me about the soup being gone so she could have 2 free cups instead of selling it to an already upset customer. 

Unfortunately, Philadelphia doesn't have many organic vegan restaurants like other cities do so for now I am stuck going here but if the option was to take business elsewhere I definitely would.
Cute place, nice food but Overpriced for what it is ($6 for a piece of banana bread..?) 
Service wasn't that friendly either..
Holy overpriced smoothie! I had the Almond Elvis, and it was pretty atrocious. They only reason I kept drinking it was because I spent so much money on the smoothie! I gave it one extra star because while it tasted awful, it did keep me full for the rest of the day and I wasn't hungry for dinner. Also, the decor is nice, but I wouldn't be able to afford to buy anything here and sit down to enjoy it...
Dining here was a really great experience, even during COVID! I really appreciated being able to order online, and the staff was super helpful in communicating what to expect. 

I got the BBQ Tempeh Sandwich, which was really great. I was expecting something a little more sauce-y but it was still great and there was an abundance of tempeh on the sandwich and a really great jicama slaw. It was a huge sandwich, complete with a side kale salad, but it was still pretty high priced at $20. But then again, with handmade, all organic ingredients, I don't mind the extra expense.
The women working in the store were nice. The menu was limited. I ordered 2 smoothies, 2 cinnamon rolls and. Chocolate chip cookie which was served to me refrigerator cold. But somehow the smoothies were warm. All of this for a whopping $56.00! Hyper overpriced but I never mind paying for good food. The problem is I blew half of my weeks food budget on food that was mediocre and to add industry to insult they gave us paper straws!! To drink a smoothie with??? WTF? It disintegrated within 5 minutes and was useless. I had to stop at wawa to get both ice for my smoothie and a proper straw so I could finish it. 

I'm massively disappointed and I feel really regretful that I spent so much money for all of us to be still hungry and unsatisfied. The kids ate 1/4 of each cinnamon roll. (Out of politeness they didn't actually like them) which is wild because my daughter inhales pastries of any variety generally speaking. 

I'm here to update this review.  I was contacted by the operations manager who was extremely helpful and sincere. She could have blown me off but she cared about letting me know that my feedback was being taken into consideration. I'm grateful. I was given a refund as well. Theirs customer service warrant 2 more stars Ana I will definitely try this restaurant again once dining rooms open up again.
Wow would have never discovered this place if we had not intentionally be looking for gluten-free desserts for an occasion. This place is a hidden gem, the aesthetics in here are on point. The service is extremely friendly and we had good conversations. The gluten free desserts were slightly expensive ($9 for a slice of cake, $5 for a cookie/brownie, and $6 for other baked goods) but everything is made in-house and worth trying!
In Philly, it has gotten a lot easier over the past few years finding vegan or organic culinary options.

Still rare, however, is an establishment dedicated to delivering 100% organic AND 100% vegan quality foods.  

This is where Andrea Kyan's PS & Co. elevates Philly's culinary scene to a much higher standard.  In addition to the high-quality, mindfully curated ingredients, the preparation itself is highly imaginative, daring, flavorful, and often exotic.   

From the Filter square green juice to the coconut granola yogurt, chia pudding,  warm vegetable quiche, and shiitake bacon (genius) I've consumed so far, I have consistently tasted the quality and goodness in every bite.

After seeing all the mouth-watering food pics on PS's Facebook page, I made a reservation for one of the signature experiences:  The 5-course prix-fixe Friday night dinner.  The theme for that evening was "Cottage Farm Inspired".

I came by the next day and personally thanked Andrea as well as Chef Jeff Carr - and re-thanked Mariah- for what I shall describe below:

###
Mariah took excellent care of me and my dining companion.  She obviously takes a lot of pride in PS's mission & creations.

***********************************************
1st course:  Organic hazelnut pate with sesame thyme crackers
WINNER: Genius On a Plate Award
***********************************************
From the first bite, my dining companion and I could speak of nothing else other than what we were experiencing, eating-wise.   

The round pate, perhaps 2 inches in diameter, was presented with 2 thick crackers which were, in my estimation, generously packed with a variety of sprouted grains, nuts, and seeds.  The textured "mouthfeel" of the crackers was thick and sturdy with just the right give when bitten.

The flavor / texture profile combination of the savory hazelnut pate with the sesame thyme cracker in a single bite is magical.  My friend and I enjoyed it so much, we took our time consuming it.  It was so damn good, I even closed my eyes.

It was so damn good, I came back the next day and asked for more, requesting that it be added to the regular menu. 

************************************************
2nd course:  Organic tomato, pineapple, avocado lentil soup
WINNER:  Genius In a Bowl Award
************************************************
This soup was generously portioned.  Again, the flavor and texture profiles were phenomenal.

My palette could not distinguish tomato from pineapple from avocado.  The variety of contributing flavors played off of each other to create what I experienced as a smoky, mildly spicy hearty soup.  It brought to mind spices like paprika, chili powder, cumin, and black pepper (though I do not know which spices were actually used).

The soup was partially puréed which allowed me to more deeply appreciate its texture and body.


**************************************************
3rd course:  Organic purple cabbage sautéed in SNAP (an organic spirit) by Art in the Age

**************************************************
The bed of glistening purple cabbage retained a satisfying crunch and was strikingly contrasted visually by dots of pine nuts.  

While the first two courses delivered a powerful kick of flavors, this 3rd course thoughtfully introduces an experience much more subtle.

After about 5-10 seconds of chewing, a new flavor emerges.  Your mouth catching this emergent flavor is like your mind trying to remember a dream upon waking.  

This dish has turned me on to cabbage in a whole new way.  I would eat this course again in a heartbeat.


****************************************************
4th course:  Organic fall vegetable shepherd's pie

****************************************************
I love how Chef Jeff Carr reinvents the traditional shepherd's pie, PS & Co style.

Under a veil of whipped potatoes, a savory medley of vegetables is the centerpiece.  

About the dish's rim was a ring of walnuts.  I experimented with a bite combining a walnut chunk with some of the veggie/mashed potato medley and found the walnut dominating.  As a personal preference, I wanted to experience the shepherd's pie savory-ness exclusively, so I ate the delicious walnuts separately before digging in to the succulent pie.


******************************************************
5th course: Organic pumpkin pie with vanilla coconut ice cream

******************************************************
This pumpkin pie was decorated with criss-crosses of chocolate and was a wonderful finale to the evening.
My first thought upon walking in here was that whoever designed this wonderland had both impeccable taste and very deep pockets. Everything is perfect. I absolutely loved the exposed brick and butcher-paper wall signage, as well as the light fixtures made of glass bottles. Every inch of the decor was planned and executed well, so props for that. Plus, the space is a lot larger than it seems! They have extra seating out front and also a room in the back. 

I was here around lunchtime on their third day and it was very crowded. My friend and I just wanted a juice and after standing around for a few minutes being confused, we flagged down someone who told us they were in the refrigerator at the end of the counter. So, we each selected a juice out of the middle of the refrigerator. They were in beautiful glass bottles and were some sort of lemon and mint flavor- I was so excited! We hopped back in line and waited until we got up to the cash register, only to be told that we couldn't have those juices. They were for a special order and the ones for customers were out of eye-level, up on the left side, in disappointing plastic cups. They also only had a single flavor, which was some sort of ginger with turmeric. After seeing the other one, this juice seemed like a total downgrade. I also don't like spice in my juices at all, but we had no choice. We bought the $8 juices and they were good, but not fantastic. While in the store, we heard the seemingly-overwhelmed employees trying to dodge lots of issues- namely that most of their menu (including all the sandwiches and wraps) wasn't available yet since they were so new.

I think this place has a ton of potential and I want to go back just to see it again. However, they should have tried to roll out with a bang and have all their options ready  because they likely lost quite a few customers. I also took home a menu to explore further and have to say- this place is seriously overpriced. I know that amazing vegan food is hard to find (and they probably have pretty steep rent to cover), but I would never spend that much on a small salad. The only box of cookies that I picked up and looked at in the store was $18... so take that as you will. Maybe come to lunch here to celebrate winning the lottery?
This is a beautiful space to have a healthy lunch where you can eat whatever you want and don't need to feel guilty.... I am Burmese, and I loved the healthier versions of the soups I love- the jalapeno corn, Burmese coconut, and mohinga, DELISH!  The Vegan ceasar salad was amazing as well. I am not vegan, but am health conscious, and this was the best vegan/gluten free meal I have ever had, in fact, I cannot believe it was vegan because it was so yummy. The juices were amazing too.
I absolutely LOVE PS&Co, especially because I can indulge guilt free. Their expansive menu of gluten free/plant based food and treats is perfect for anyone whose palate is easily bored. The back eating area is cozy and well decorated, a true oasis in the city. When I don't have time to eat at the shop, there are tons of grab and go juices and meal options. My favorite juice is the Ubud-I highly recommend giving it a try.

The owner and staff are incredibly friendly and helpful. Two thumbs up!
Totally overpriced and disgusting smoothies. Six dollars for a small slice of banana bread and $12 for a smoothie? And then it doesn't taste good! Just because you have a Rittenhouse address does not mean you can gouge people for bad vegan products.
My first time in Philly for the weekend and I was really looking forward to brunch there. The only positive thing I could say about this place is the decor and ambiance. Forget the rest. Worst food and service ever. Small portions. Even the fruit tart we ordered for desert was old and literally had mold on it. The service sucked. Saved your money and go somewhere better. Was super disappointed.
We discovered PS&Co while walking around the Rittenhouse Square area after dinner.  We stopped in and tried the chocolate and chocolate peanut butter tarts and spinach lemonade and were very impressed!  So much so that we bought more desserts to go!   Space is gorgeous  and staff is friendly.  Definitely heading there when we're back in town,
Cute atmosphere with super friendly staff but I paid $15 for the Almond Elvis smoothie.  It was $11.95 and after tax and tip came to $15. It wasn't even that big. I am used to paying $10, even $11 for a good smoothie with protein but this was very high. I recognize its Rittenhouse and the rents are high there but I found the price to be exorbitant. Sip and Glo isn't far away and offers similar juices for a much lower price.
PS & Co is genuinely a great little hidden vegan food spot.

I've gotten quite a few fresh pressed juices from here and have enjoyed every single one! They are a little on the pricier side, but most pressed juices in the city are.

For brunch, I got their breakfast nachos with tofu scramble and it was delicious. I literally cleared my plate. My server did forget the salad I ordered and the soup my girlfriend ordered, however we were full with the other dishes we received and so it ended up being fine. As a former service, the service seemed a little bit unorganized but the relaxing atmosphere kept us from getting antsy. Their baked goods are unbelievable! Even my nonvegan girlfriend was obsessed!

The aesthetic inside is adorable and cozy and everyone is really friendly. It's definitely worth stopping by!
I found this place by searching "organic" in Yelp. It is definitely pricey, but I think knowing that what I'm putting in my body is organic and unprocessed is 100% worth the price. There is not any other place like this in Philly. I have tried the nori roll, the pickled ginger salad, and the curried chickpea salad. They were all really yummy and filling! I definitely want to try some of the juices and desserts next time I'm there. Also, they offer some cool deals on their Facebook page so you can save a few bucks here and there. Even if, like me, you can't go very often because of the price, it is totally worth stopping by for a healthy lunch once in a while.
