Thank you, P'unk Burger, for providing quality, BS-free proteins, in a plethora of ways (on a bun, as a salad, with lettuce leaves) and with an abundance of add-on options, from sauce to cheese to veggies to fried things to proteins and everything in-between. 

I thoroughly enjoyed my incredibly juicy burger with tomato, caramelized onions, guacamole, pickles and mustard, wrapped in lettuce, last week. I cannot wait to try some of the fries next time - they smelled incredible! 

Friendly service. Cash only (ATM on the premises).
The fries were best part of this meal... Womp Womp.

It was opening night so we were ready for a decent wait. That being said we waited for over an hour and a half. It's a BYOB so at least we had a six pack that we completely finished before any of our food came out.

When it finally did we got our fries first, which came with a side of aioli- they are McDonald's style, maybe a little thinner and pretty delicious. The high hopes we had for our burgers was immediately diminished upon site of the bun- way too big and worst of all it was COLD (like it literally just came out of the fridge). I got a burger with gouda, the special sauce, and an onion ring on top (basically the P'unk burger without the bacon). Let me break it down, a great burger, to me, is all about that perfect balance between the juicy patty, the melty cheese, the crisp lettuce and maybe a tangy pickle in unobtrusive bun that just holds all the goodness together. This burger just tasted like sadness that tried really hard not to be so sad. 

Between the cold, thick bun, the beef patty was really dense, overcooked to a rubbery texture, overseasoned, and oversalted. The cold bun negated any meltiness the cheese would have had and the "special sauce", managing to be at the same time really acidic and really watery just served as another discordant flavor in this already haphazard burger. To top it off, the onion ring that I'd hoped to bring a nice crunch to the burger was mushy-- not crunchy in the least. That someone labored over this flavor profile and came out with this result leads me to think that it wasn't just a problem with execution, although better execution might have had me writing a slightly less scathing review... 

I appreciate that they are using organic, hormone free, grass fed beef, and I am all about paying for quality ingredients (base burger starts at $7.95), but all this means nothing if it doesn't taste like a delicious burger at its core.

I don't think I'll be back and I would not recommend this place for a burger on Passyunk. Fountain Porter and POPE both have way better burgers for a better price as well. Sorry!
Forget about all of the noise of opening night; forget about the special sauces and toppings; let's talk about the burger itself: happy, grass-fed, hormone-free beef (cool, I'm into this), over-worked and tightly-packed into a super dense, meatball-esque patty (hmm...), over-cooked to a uniform grey (yuck!), but without that crispy char that can make you almost forgive a well-done burger. Two burgers and a side of fries: $26. Shoulda got that PYT Groupon...
I haven't been this conflicted since trying to decide if it was appropriate to get an erection during Cercei's naked walk of shame on Game of Thrones. 

I recently bitched about burger culture and how it caused me to pay $17 for a burger, fries and shake at Shake Shack so when the price for a burger and fountain drink came to $15 here I was ready to complain in the like.

Then I tried the burger and was reminded of Homer Simpson and his "Urge to kill, lessening. " I'm getting a little ahead of myself so I'll start at the beginning. 

On my way into the joint, I noticed the special board and was intrigued by the Jalapeño burger ($12). It was fortuitous that I glanced at that board because I walked in, saw some tables and a counter and walked up to it. There was no discernible menu or menu board visible. The girl greeted me and instead of asking any questions I just blurted out, Jalapeño burger and a drink, paid my money and waited. 

I probably didn't do it right. I planned on eating in. They didn't ask if I wanted it to go or not. When the burger was done, they handed it to me expertly stapled into a bag. I thought maybe the seats get waited on so I took my burger and went to my car. 

It was there that I finally tried it. Good lord all of the negative ways I was feeling about the confusing service and the price were washed away by one of the best burgers I've ever eaten. Between the chopped peppers and the 1732 bacon,  spicy cheese, the perfect bun and thick grilled burger, I was in heaven. While I still think $12 is a lot for any burger, I can't deny that it wasn't worth it. 

Once I figure out how to see what kind of burgers they offer, I can't wait to go back and try another one. A friend likened it to the burger equivalent of Pizzeria Beddia without the 45 min wait and I can't help but agree. Both places are must try destination spots in Philly.
WOW! I was nervous about our dinner here after reading some of the reviews--but I have nothing but praise to offer Passyunk Avenue's newest burger spot!

PROS: 
*Local, Organic, Grass Fed, Sustainable food.
*Everything we ate was delicious!
*BYOB!!!!!
*Great Service
*Very reasonably priced
*Tons of Variety--Vegetarian Friendly!
*Cute/Trendy Interior
*Perfect for quick meal on the go (take out) or less fancy bite with friends 

CON: 
*Cash Only

Prior to rock climbing with another couple friend of ours we decided to grab dinner. P'unk Burger is centrally located for both of us so we decided to give it a try. I was concerned that the former Chhaya location might be too small for hip burger joint but I was gladly proven wrong! The large communal table was the perfect setting for our quick bite and fit us and at least 4 other couples comfortably.

After sitting down we learned they were offering a Restaurant Week special we couldn't refuse: $15 for your choice of Fries (Yunkon or Sweet Potato), a choice of 3 specialty burgers, and a choice of Milk Shake. Hubby and I were sold! I was especially excited when they upgraded my Yukon Fries to have the truffle oil on them--which made them THAT much more delicious! Finally! A shoestring french fry I can hang with! DELICIOUS!
My burger had cheddar cheese and cilantro on it (I passed on the mayo). He had Sweet Potato fries and the Classic Burger with one Chocolate and one B+W Milk Shake. We each ate every. last. bite.
I also ordered a fountain root beer because whatever that brand is that they serve there is out of this world. I need to pay better attention. 

Overall we were all stuffed, happy, and already planning our next trip back when the meal was over. The service was friendly and everything came out super fast and cooked to perfection. They even let us split checks and made sure to have all the food come out at the same time. Pros!

The ONLY downside was that they are Cash Only--and it wasn't advertised until it could have been too late. Luckily the meal was so affordable we had enough cash to cover it--and a generous tip!

We absolutely will be regulars at Punk Burger--especially knowing that everything they serve is Organic, Grass Fed, Local, Sustainable, and Eco-Conscious. They are literally a dream come true and I can't WAIT to go back!!!
UPDATE: I'm upgrading my rating. I went back to P'unk Burger a few days after opening night because I wanted to try something else. It was a lot more calm than opening night, obviously. The Slice burger blew me away. Fried mozzarella, tomato sauce, and a perfectly cooked burger. So good.

A great aspect of this place is its organic ingredients. I'm not someone who eats all organic or anything, but it definitely feels good to go out for a burger and fries and not feel awful afterwards. 

I'm rooting for this place a lot, I highly recommend it.
On our second attempt to eat at P'Unk burger the wait time was down to 25 minutes, so we decided to give it a go.

I was willing to look past the wait time if the food was worth it. The burger had the perfect combo of toppings - onions, Gouda, and spicy sauce, but the burger itself was over cooked and dry. You have to nail the temperature if you are going to be a burger spot. P'Unk burger owner PLEASE read this! I want this place to succeed. I live in the neighborhood and we need another option like this. The fries were excellent, but we ordered the combo which was very light on the onion rings. The onion rings were also on the verge of being burnt and super greasy.

I will definitely give this place another shot because I do live nearby and they are still working through some kinks. P'Unk burger please take this as friendly advice.
My visit to Punk Burger was a few weeks ago. While my compadres previously dined here (without me), this was my first trip.  Now I was ready to try the burger with fried mozzarella, or the special jalapeño burger, but I decided to keep it simple my first trip; just to see how things shaped up, so the "BIG MAN ON CAMPUS" was my burger of choice. Meat stuffed, and topped with cheese, their double garlic insanity bacon, red onion, and of course lettuce and tomato. 

The burger was good, the fries were okay, but overall I was quite satisfied with the product I was consuming. I've heard so much about Punk Burger, and I have to say I am glad I had the opportunity to dine there. Pretty much it's just another burger joint. While the food was good it really doesn't stand out.  However, I vow to have a shake with my next visit, yes there will be another visit.
I was psyched when I heard a burger place was opening on EPA.  Alas, the place failed miserably to live up to my expectations.  The burger was horrendous -- a small, dense, over-cooked, barely digestible piece of meat, overwhelmed by a dry, too-large bun.  The only taste came from the black pepper bacon, which itself was overpowered by the back pepper.  A complete disaster of a sandwich,  The fries were edible, but nothing more.  I see no reason to ever return.
This place is a comedy of errors. The owners seem to believe that customers will fall for the hype rather than look at what is in front of them. Their pre-opening presence on the blogs suggests as much. Here is what you really get: a lukewarm, small portion of protein between a cold bun, a dab of condiment that doesn't make up for the lack of seasoning, and short, stubby fries that pale in comparison to Green Egg's version. The space is narrow and ice cold. The staff seemed to still be in training and were overwhelmed when a large order was placed. As a result, we waited nearly a half hour for two burgers and fries. I also saw the lady operating the front desk go to the back and handle food. At this point, we should have left. Instead, we paid their exorbitant prices and left feeling "punk'd".  Nine hours later, I came down with food poisoning symptoms and, were I not still lying in bed over 24 hours later, I wouldn't be writing this bad review.
First I was afraid, I was petrified. Kept thinking I could never live without you by my side...Ok, I'll be honest, I was a little scared to eat here after all the bad reviews (which were unfair!!!) after the first few weeks of opening. Let me tell you, you need to give this place a chance and I think you will fall in love.

We came on a Thursday evening, not crowded, greeted by a very friendly female staff, I wish I would have gotten her name. She told us to sit anywhere and brought out menus, bottled water and welcomed us to P'unk. 

I enjoyed the decor, it was modern, fun, funky, clean, bright and cozy, except when the front door opened but it'll be warm soon so who cares. I ordered the Big Man on Campus burger it was so juicy and flavorful. The bun was able to handle the juicy meat, brioche bun allowed the burger to stay in tacked. The cheese within the meat was so amazing and the double bacon, #ICantEven...It was great!!! 

My partner ordered the turkey burger because he's trying to be healthy and he enjoyed it too. He loved the place as much as I did. We are very happy to have this establishment within a mile from our house because West and East Passyunk was definitely missing a good burger joint that P'unk has now filled. 

Don't get me started on the truffle Pommes Frites, crispy and plentiful. So, to everyone who was complaining about the size of the burger and the portions, I don't know what you are talking about? I can eat and so can my partner and we were full, still had plenty of fries left. Also, I read a lot of customers complaining about the prices, I thought they were appropriate for the quality, atmosphere, location and portion. 

P'unk Burger, welcome to the neighborhood, wishing you many years of success and looking forward to dining with you many more times.
Strolled by a few times since they opened and it was packed each time so finally saw some opening today & stopped in for lunch.  Disclaimer - opening week so some snags to be expected.

Pros:
- Burger was seasoned well but didn't have that nice char on the outside.

- Woman owner was running her butt off & still managed to check with everyone to see how their meal was & thanked people for their patience, makes me happy to spend my money where someone appreciates their customers having a good experience. 

Cons:
- The prices are really up there.  I mean so up there that it's enough to make me not go back. $30.00 for 2 people to have some burgers and 4 onion rings (yes 4)each is too steep.  I am very willing to pay more for organic, local ingredients but these prices are out of my range for sure as I imagine they will be for many people based on the conversations that were going on around the table.

- Crazy small in there, the long table is a big mistake in my opinion, more tables along that wall would have been a better option. Especially now in the winter when we all have big bulky coats, we were literally sitting on top of each other which is pretty awkward when you're eating finger food not to mention you can't have anything resembling a "private" conversation with the close quarters.  The seats along the wall didn't seem much better as the line from the counter stretches down the skinny aisle and people were standing over the folks eating at the tables. Also there was 1 guy who seated himself at a 4 top, come on dude that's not cool but there needs to be some signage or something about seating etiquette.
 
- They were out of regular french fries (they did have sweet potato) but I saw a guy walking in with what I thought was a case of fries & they were still telling people no fries, hmm.  No fries already, I was so bummed.

- It's freezing in there, when the door opened we were all cringing.

- The guy taking my order was quite confused & then admitted it was his first day so I can't blame him for not giving me my soda cup & then afterwards also not giving me a lid or straw to go with it but still, it was annoying.

- The bun was cold which was hard to get past but it had already been over 35 mins since we ordered and I needed to get to my hair appointment so I didn't bother saying anything b/c they seemed pretty overwhelmed which again the place is so new I understand that part but the burger was also much smaller than I expected when I saw the prices.  Maybe they just forgot to toast my bun, and the rest of the burger.

- they are cash only but I didn't see that posted anywhere on the menu or in the restaurant so I had to use their ATM.  I guess they are used to people not knowing about that b/c when they told me about the ATM they offered to refund the $2.50 service charge, which was cool.

I hope this place takes a look at all the feedback about the prices and esthetics of the place b/c I really want them to be successful.
i've been back here a few more times since they first opened. every time i try to tell myself "maybe they've got their burger game together now" and every time there's just something that goes wrong and pisses me off. 

the last two times i went there, burgers were either over or undercooked, hastily assembled, and one order was just straight up wrong. but their tater tots are great, so they got that going for them.

the hard truth: this place just doesn't do the one thing it's supposed to do well. and it's a shame, because their menu reads great, and the kids that work there are all super friendly. even the ambiance is pretty good. but, if you're a burger specialty place, you better nail that god damn burger every time, right? Fountain Porter burger two blocks away makes this burger look like amateur hour, but they don't have the extensive menu and toppings. but for half the price, can you really argue? i've even had better burgers at chain places like cheeburger-cheeburger. i think that says a lot. 

i'm not saying i'll never go here again. occasionally i have friends who really want to eat here for some reason (tuna burger is one, milkshakes are another) and i won't respond with "eeeww, no way, that's gross!" i'll respond with "sigh* ok, i suppose that's fine." i'm not excited to go there, but i won't argue with someone who wants to go there.
First off, the name....pretty clever. Haha love it. Welcome to P'yunk, P'unk. It's probably a little dangerous that I can walk here. Sooo awesome. Went last night for the first time late night after a concert and our entire group loved their burgers! Veg and non. 

Our waitress was a fellow vegan so she helped me build my own burger. She recommend the veggie patty rather than the grilled portabello which I will try next time. We added guac, roasted portabello, smashed taters and secret sauce. I kept the lettuce tomatoes and red onions which weren't raw. Yo!!! The bomb!! Wow I just got all ghetto for a minute, that's how good this was. So many options for us weirdo vegans even milkshakes!! Say what?!  

My brother in laws and hubby who I dines with aren't veg-heads and indulged in their pre-made options. They loved theirs too! All Organic!! 

Super clean, small, cute place with neon yellow painted chairs outside and a long picnic table inside. Very casual. Baskets of sauces and napkins with nice cold carafes of water for you. 

Very cool place. We will be back for sure! Wednesday in fact. Perfect addition to the EP family. A great fit! I'm in love.
Very dissapointed. Decided to treat 3 friends and it was $60 bucks!!!! Okay, so I paid....then, There were no seats for us to eat! Expecting greatness now...and nope. McDonald's like fries and super dry burger. We also ordered same burger cooked differently and they all came out the same. To top it off, people waiting for orders were watching others being served who came after, first. 
Go to noir, stogies or south philly tap room if you want a good burger. Not worth the money, nor your time. Haven't written a review in a year....and this was so bad I felt compelled.
Second and last visit.  Buns were stale; cheese not melted onto burger. Over priced.  $35 for 2 burgers, 1 shake and a soda!!!!  I wouldn't have minded if it were good.
Man, I really wanted to love this place.  A cozy, family-friendly burger joint serving up Nutella milkshakes and touting every trendy hyphenated phrase in the book.  Meat that is humanely-raised and rBST-free; Maine Roots soda that is corn syrup-free and pure cane sugar-laden; everything is non-GMO.  They even use 1732 Meats bacon.  Let's just say, they'd have to work really hard to disappoint me.

Unfortunately, P'unk Burger was up to the challenge.

I arrived with my wife and three kids, and waited about eight minutes before we were approached by the waitress.  She greeted us with a sincere smile and apologized for the wait.  "Sorry," she said, "all these customers came in at once!"  

'Yeah,' I thought.  'It's lunchtime.  Don't you plan to be busy around now?'

But I kept that to myself and assured her there was no problem.  My family and I were out for a casual meal.  No rush.

After we received the menus, we decided quickly and placed our order.  Two milkshakes, two orders of fries, one order of fried tater tots, a slider for my son, and the Big Man on Campus burger for me.  I was drawn to the Double Garlic Insanity Bacon and the cheese-stuffed burger.  

Ignore the fact that the group of four that came in ten minutes after us was served before us.  Casual outing.  No rush.

The waitress returned with our food, apologetic for the wait again, and made sure we had everything we needed.  We did.

Then, I bite into my burger, and as I'm immediately struck with the disappointment that it is cooked far beyond my medium-rare request, an eruption akin to Krakatoa occurs.  The molten cheese bubbling inside the burger erupts out of the hole create by my bite and spews into the air and all over the right arm of my jacket.  So think and gooey that I can't even wipe it off with a napkin.  

When shown to the waitress, she says, "Oh geez!"  She offers to take it off and clean it in the kitchen for me, which I accept.  "It happens all the time," she said.  "The price you pay to eat great food."

Now, I appreciate that she is trying to smooth things over with humor, but seriously?  First of all, if it happens all the time, you're making it wrong.  Second, if you're going to make a comment like that, it better be the best friggin burger I've ever tasted.  And lastly, there is melted cheese all over my jacket.  I don't care if you're the best amateur dry-cleaner in the city.  It's time to comp some of the meal.

As she cleans the jacket, we finish our meal.  The tots and the milkshakes were simply delicious.  Absolutely the highlight of our experience.  But the burger was over-cooked, the meat was tough (as though made from a frozen patty, though I don't know this for sure), and my fries were limp and cold in the middle.  My son, who is a fry maniac, could not finish his, and his sliders probably could have withstood a Claude Giroux slap shot.  

In short, the service is the only reason this place gets two stars.  One, excellent server trying to put out fire after fire caused by the kitchen and whatever management sets the schedule.  She was great with our kids, and was constantly courteous and humorous, but she could not overcome the severe shortcomings created by her coworkers.
If you like juicy organic hamburgers, then put Punk Burger near or at the top of your list.  This friendly no-attitude outpost on trendy Passyunk Avenue has since its opening jumped directly into the top echelon of Philly burger joints.  Served up here are organic beef patties and fresh local ingredients for making many of the sides.  The service was friendly and you can eat inside, outside, literally in the window at a cool table, or take away.
And don't miss their special Punk sauce.  I don't know what's in it ... but I'll have more if it please!
Burger were decent. Nothing to go crazy over though.
Punk burger was okay. Cooked well. My friend said the wasabi ahi burger was really good!
Sweet potatoes fries were okay.
No complaints, but also no raves. I would come back and try the shakes!
When I first heard that the people behind Slice pizza where opening up a new burger joint at my beloved Passyunk Ave I was ready to try it out. Especially when I heard that it made milkshake using Little Baby's Ice Cream flavors, and had an old school arcade machine that featured Burger Time! And over all it delivered a satisfying experience.

Since Chhaya did a good job of housing a jam packed brunch crowd in the space when they resided in it, it was kind off odd to see P'unk sacrifice some of that room for the sake of fitting in huge wooden picnic tables. Especially for the supersized one that multiple parties sit in. But the interesting communal dining setup made for a different experience that was tolerable thanks to the quick and accommodating staff. And if you don't dig it just be prepared to do take out or indulge upon a classic video game session.

Its pretty awesome that you're able to choose between beef, chicken, turkey, ahi tuna, veggie burger, or portebello for your burger options. And you're able to choose between plenty of topping options that include Garlic Insanity or Black Peppercorn Bacon from 1732 Meats, 11 kinds of cheeses (including Daiya for the vegans), vegan & gluten free sauce options, and all kinds of veggies; making for nearly unlimited customization options. But the signature burgers are all reasonably priced; and hook up options that are inspired by breakfast, Cubano sandwiches, pizza, and more. and there's even a bad ass burger of the month option.

the black peppercorn bacon, smoked gouda, onion ring, and signature sauce that topped off the P'unk Burger made for a savory and filling top burger contender. The sea salt thin cut Idaho fries were tasty, but next time I'm doing the combo that pairs them with their sweet potato fries. I went for their variation of the B & W with nutella ice cream instead of chocolate in favor of the more wacky Little Baby's varieties (with flavors that rotate weekly, and one made with espresso from Reanimator coffee). And Ultimately I should have taken a walk on the wild side instead.

Overall P'unk delivered a satisfying lunch. and since its open until 3 am on Friday and Saturday, it will probably be making me regret some late night food stops as well.
This place is burger heaven for people that LOVE customizing. You pick the type of burger you want (beef, turkey, lamb, chicken or veggie) and then you pick your toppings and trust me they have a lot of amazing toppings like caramelized onions, guac, truffle oil, turkey bacon and even bacon jam (which is fantastic btw). The options are endless! I recommend you add on the truffle tries to go with your delicious burger. If you have room left definitely order a milkshake - we split the Nutella milkshake among three people and it was to die for! Don't forget this place is a BYOB so bring your favorite adult beverage along.
Right off the bat, I need to give P'unk Burger the benefit of the doubt as my experience took place on opening night after quite a few months of buildup for this place to open.

It's a little smaller than I expected. It's a Five Guys style ordering process if you dine in. You go to the counter, grab a menu, order, find a table (if you're lucky/patient. There's one long table and three or four four tops, and a Burger Time video game that serves as a table. Alas, it was broken when we got there. No biggie.), and then you wait for your food to be brought out to you. 

Understandably, there was a 45 minute wait time for food. It was to be expected. You won't hear a complaint from me, especially when the cashier says, "It will be about 45 minutes, is that okay?" Considerate staff members? You get a star just for that.

We got a few sides, they were out of mozzarella sticks (again, opening night. It happens). Fried pickles are good, sweet potato fries are good, thin cut fries with Old Bay are above average. I went with the It's Always Sunny In EPA which has a beef burger, and over easy egg, black peppercorn bacon, american cheese and tater tots. It was pretty good! The egg yolk gushes right out of it on bite impact, but you kind of ask for that by getting that burger.

Prices are a little much. I know everything's organic, etc., so it probably costs a little more to acquire ingredients, but there are definitely better burgers in the city for less than $12, maybe not in EPA, but in the city, for sure.

Between the three of us, it was around $55 for all we got (no drinks, just water) which isn't terrible. It's what you'd expect to go out to eat at a sit down place, but I think we expected it to be less.

I think if you're looking to give this place a shot, Restaurant Week would be the time to do it. Will it be packed? Very likely. But there's tremendous value there. They're doing a burger, fries, and milkshake for $15.

One more knock, more on the people, than the place: With the small amount of tables, some people were bringing bottles from the Bottle Shop to have with their meal, which I have no problem with, but they were hogging tables for a while, and there were very obviously people waiting to sit down. We were also at a table pretty close to the door which people were coming in and out of consistently. Not too enjoyable on an 18 degree day.
I tried so hard to continue to like this spot. Something went really wrong here after their first months of business. Their delivery is absolutely terrible. Not only do they limit you to pay and order delivery online but they charge you to do so. And then it takes more than an hour to get the food. So disappointed in this service. Currently I have been waiting an hour and a half for two milkshakes that cost me $18!! Ridiculous. Last time ordering here and I suggest it be the same for others. 

Update after waiting this ridiculous amount of time I contacted them and they told me the order never made it to the kitchen. This is insane. I not only received an email confirmation of my order but also was told it would be delivered by a certain time. 

This place is the worst!
We'd had a couple of underwhelming-to-bad experiences here, but I kept wanting to give this place the benefit of the doubt. After today, I no longer feel that way.

I ordered a turkey burger online for lunch and opted to pay with cash upon delivery. The total came to $14.92 for my $9.50 burger, including a $2.00 delivery charge, tax, and a $2.50 tip I included for the delivery person. I planned to pay with a $20 and get $5 back from the delivery person because, being a former delivery person myself, I know they carry packets of small bills for change. Food arrives and guy has NO change, except for $2 in his wallet. Now suddenly my $9.50 burger costs $18. That wouldn't be so bad, except that it was cold and incredibly dry.

Now, I don't have anything against a generous tip because I know that food service is tough, but I'm pretty annoyed that I paid so much for a burger that was so subpar. Every time we've gone, something always goes wrong and no one ever seems that bothered enough to make it right.  They charge pretty high prices, but don't deliver on food quality or service.

ETA response to owner: Yes, we've always politely made it known when something goes wrong. The last two times our issues have involved receiving the wrong food after a very long wait. On one occasion, we were allowed to keep an erroneous milkshake order, but we finished our entire meals and waited before receiving the correct shake. I'm interested to see how today's issue can be resolved.
I am conflicted with this review because we did not speak to anyone about any of the issues that causes this review to be 3, rather than 4 or 5 stars - keeping in mind that very few establishments receive the honor of a 5 star from me.  I will elaborate on why we didn't address the issues in person later on.

First and foremost we were greeted promptly upon arrival to the trendy, hip little eatery - with a smile and friendly tone we were seated and given the low down on the menu.  I added we were using a groupon and she kindly explained our options.  We ordered the Signature Punk burger and the Big man on campus - as always with our groupons we added something to our order.  In today's case onion rings.  The burgers were cooked to perfection.  Each bite was full of FRESH flavors and melt in your mouth goodness.  A couple of the best burgers we have had in our "burger adventures"  I would rank them above Smash Burger and Burger Bar as far as freshness and taste. The shoestring fries and onion rings were average, but the milkshakes; Black and White for me and Vanilla with almond milk for he were rather runny, lacked body and nothing to write home about... I've had a better shake at a drive through. I didn't mention this to our waitress, mainly because  1. it was a groupon.  2. A shake is a shake. 3. To be honest, it didn't ruin our meal - so to complain would set a negative tone, so we opted not to.   What knocked the star grade down further and honesty upset me was in addition to being a cash only establishment, (I get it "fees fees, fees")  was the CHARGING of the tip on the bill for a two top.  I wanted to say something, I truly did... but when talking to a waitress about charging the tip onto your bill is rather uncomfortable. These ladies were nothing but professional and polite.  The sad thing is we would have left a bigger tip, had it not been ALREADY CHARGED on the bill.  Again, I understand being in Philly, I am sure they get stiffed a lot on a tip - but a tip is to be earned, and although our team of waitresses did indeed EARN every bit of a 20% tip and more - they forced us to pay 18% and that was what was left.  It is obviously a policy of the joint and to each their own for business practices, however it left a bad taste in our mouth.   

I am certain we will return to Punk burger if the burger bug bites us on a warm spring evening when we can enjoy their outdoor dining, it will be onion rings, fries and burgers next time... we will skip the shakes and may or may not mention the tipping policy prior to our meal.
So you need to start with a milkshake. On a warm late spring or summer night. While sitting outside. And order a make-your-own (...or signature) burger.

Basically, go there right now. Except not at the time of this posting because it's 10 p.m. and they're now closed. Just.. go there soon.
Certainly not terrible. Definitely not good. Ordered a burger medium, it came out more than well done. Same was true for everyone at the table. They probably grind their own meat (which is great!), but I reasoned this because I found a chip of bone in my burger (which is bad!). My wife got guacamole on her burger, and it was all brown. My brother in law got an over easy egg on his burger, and it was almost uncooked. 

The place is new, so I'm willing to try it again. However, they need to step up their burger game. Nearby Fountain Porter's burger is significantly better quality, better prepared, and half the price. 

I won't waste my time going back here until these guys have figured out how to use their own grill. Maybe a few more months?
Disappointing.  Thought the burger quality was very poor and tasteless.  There's no air conditioning.  My friend got burned by hot lava cheese.  
I really don't mean to be rude.  It just didn't come across as a good quality meal.  I will say the servers were nice.  
I live very close by but I would not eat there again.
All in all I would rather go to Shake Shack or Five Guys any day of the week.
This is one of my go-to places whenever I'm nearby Philadelphia. I usually order the Big Man on Campus Burger since that is one of the best burgers. I absolutely love their fries and fountain drinks (thank god something healthier than Pepsi or Coke). My only complaint is that when I tell them I want the burger "Well Done" it is sometimes burnt with a bit of redness still inside my burger. My sister was unlucky and had her burger being mostly medium rare. I'm not a fan of medium rare or rare meat, So next time I'll be more specific on them cooking it thoroughly. If you do come here make sure you specify as they always cook their burgers medium-rare. They also only take cash but I believe there's an ATM inside. I do enjoy the service more than Bareburger in Walnut Street so I'll stick around more.
So, I saw this place because of restaurant week on E Passyunk (EPRW) and decided to check it out because the area needed a good burger and shake place. 

Seating is extremely limited, so make sure you call ahead to get a spot. (There's nothing like staring at other people eat, anticipating their exit). 

ANYWAY, we ordered off the $15 EPRW menu, which included a choice of fries, a burger and a shake. Here's a brief play-by-play. 

There were 4 of us

1) 2 shakes came out first
2) 2 burgers w/fries came out (for the diners with the shakes)
3) 1 shake came out
4) other two burgers came out
5) 1 shake had to be requested
6) sweet potato fries were not with order, needed to be requested
7) meat on one burger was just not even close to being cooked safely 

The haphazard nature of the service left us feeling confused and not welcomed. When multiple things go wrong, it's nice to explain the situation, put on a smile and assure us you're working on it. None of this took place. 


HERE'S THE KICKER

We get told that it's cash only. Nowhere and I mean NOWHERE in their ads OR when we were greeted, were we informed that it was cash only.  It wouldn't have deterred me from dining here, but I would have liked some notice to prepare. The one woman points me to the ATM and  tells us of the $1.25 surcharge. Wow, without notice, shouldn't I receive a $1.25 discount? On top of that, my bank charges their own fee's. Sheesh, a warning doesn't hurt. 

Food was average, slightly above, restaurant was severely disorganized. I got a "we just opened-didn't expect restaurant week to be this busy-we can't handle this- lets all panic" vibe

Oh and by the way don't waste your time on the oily, shriveled up "Yukon fries," opt for the sweet potato ones instead, they're actually really really good.
3.5 I came here for lunch on a Sunday afternoon with my husband. I had a veggie burger with vegan mozzarella cheese and their punk sauce (plus lettuce, tomato and onion). They have a veggie burger and portabella mushroom options for vegetarians/vegans.  I went with the veggie burger. That was not the right choice. The burger itself was very soft and falling apart while I ate it. I ended up taking the burger out of the sandwich and just had the bread with toppings. If you are going for a veggie, get a portabella!

It seemed as though there was only one server and there were quite a few take out orders and people dining in. The server made it a point to apologize if we needed to wait a few extra seconds for anything and she was great and attentive. 

Since the burger was not great, I had a vegan milkshake and that was DELICIOUS. It made up for any hard feelings I had about not enjoying my burger. I also had a side of fries which were thin and delicious. Everything came out quick and the location is small but awesome décor!

Last, they do not accept cash but they do have an ATM on site. Be prepared!
Its okay. Service was slow. It took more than 30 mins to get our food including the salad. My Ahi tuna burger was cold when it arrived. The salad was mediocre. Wrong order of fries came out so they had to correct it. Not the best food but okay. Hope it improves with experience.
I came back to re-review this place because once again it was terrible service. After our last incident here the owner offered us a complimentary meal due to our experience. We took the offer and had a delivery placed. We explained it was a comp meal. When the driver got here he gave us our total. When I explained again he stated he needed money for the meal. We let it go and paid no big deal. We've been trying to like this place considering they are the only ones with vegan milkshakes around. 
Tonight we ordered again and once again the service was terrible. My veggie burger was complete mush and fell apart. I ended up throwing it away. The veggie burger here is not worth the money. 
Now the shakes. Anytime we order here they cannot get the shakes right. This is always the issue. Tonight when I arrived the counter woman gave me two vanilla shakes. I had ordered black and white vegan. I explained and she said sorry and took them back. She brought them back to me but literally out chocolate syrup in them which made the shake like water. They were terrible. $28 later a trashed burger and shitty shake. I think this is is last time we are going to give this place a shot.
We were trying to find a burger place close to us and thought we would give this place a try. We were very disappointed. 

Food: overlooked and under seasoned burgers. We ordered them cooked medium, they all came out well done. The chef may not have cooked burgers before because the meat was very dry and without seasoning. The grill wasn't cleaned between patties either because we had burned pieces of cheese and meat on the burger. The burnt edges of the burger were inedible and the well done portions had the consistency of liver. 

Drinks: milkshake is a whomping $7 and the b+w barely had any Nutella in it 

Service: poor. I understand it's busy but it would have been nice to see our waitress more than once in the evening. I had to catch the young busboy to get me a to-go box. 

The 2 stars earned were for their fries. Sweet potato fries were yummm but the onion rings were very greasy

Overall, I won't be returning.
Juicy, well-seasoned burgers of all types: beef, turkey, veggie, Impossible, lamb, etc.  A wide variety of toppings, cheeses, and sauces to choose from.  Vegan, vegetarian, and other health-conscious options that are actually appetizing and don't make you feel like you're being high maintenance.  Yummy skin-on shoestring fries, and crispety crunchetty tater tots.  Salads and other stuff available too.  All of it looked good.  The highlight for me is the shakes.  Sooo many flavors, and many of them available in a vegan option, made with soy or almond milk.  Little ole lactose intolerant me could have a milkshake without blasting myself off into the stratosphere.  Yay!!!

Service here is great!  The ladies here are super helpful with suggestions, if you need help deciding what to order.  The restaurant itself is little.  Dine in only at the four tables outside, or take it to go.  One more thing:  this restaurant is ***CASH ONLY***
Let me start by saying this restaurant is a heaven sent! I have celiac disease and must also stay away from dairy. This place has options to meet every need. I was able to enjoy a tasty turkey burger on a tasty gluten free bun with fries and a vegan/gluten free chocolate milk shake. Awesome. The price points are perfect. We are on the east coast so you should expect to spend right under $20 on a meal anyway. The owners and staff were very personable and attentive. They just opened and are already aware of the things that need to be worked out so there's no need to harp on any negatives. I am thankful that one of the owners actually told me she took the time to try all of the gluten free buns out there to pick the best one. Well she picked a good one because even the likes of the Cheesecake Factory still can't get it right. So grateful for that. My new hangout food spot. The location is easy to find. I wish this place continued success and longevity in the future. My friend and I contemplated getting more food *laughs*...it's that good!
I've ordered from P'unk a few times now for delivery and they've been consistently great. The ample options offered mean I'm well taken care of when I want to avoid things like dairy. I love their dairy free shakes too, don't miss their shakes in general! This is a super indulgent meal, they don't skimp on these burgers at all, meaning P'unk is a huge treat. 

I order directly from them, their delivery times whenever I order seem to always be over an hour, but my food always arrives hot and faster than estimated.
I just loved my visit to P'unk Burger - the food is delicious, the staff are fun and the location is great. I may think that $11+ for a burger alone is too pricey, and I wished they would accept some form of either credit or electronic payment, but the food is delicious. You really must check out some of the unique burger varieties that they have here! I hear their shakes are awesome, and will have to go back to try one (along with their Slice burger, since they are somehow affiliated with the local Slice pizza chain).
I had been planning on going to P'unk Burger for a while, and then I was lucky enough to snag a wonderful Groupon for 2 burgers, a basket of fries, and 2 milkshakes. It was a great deal, and the perfect opportunity to (finally) stop into P'unk Burger.

We chose to split both burgers: the classic P'unk Burger and one of the specials: a lamb-feta greek-inspired burger. Both of them were layered with flavor, perfectly cooked, and really solid burgers. We both preferred the P'unk burger - the "double garlic insanity bacon" is a stand-out addition, and might be worth just going back to get that.

The basket of fries was bountiful, salty, and addictive - perfect fry situation. 

For the shakes, we ordered two of the specials: a S'mores shake and a PB & J Bacon shake. I preferred the s'mores shake - it was thick, rich, and had all of the important s'mores deliciousness.
I ordered from uber eats. This is my first time trying this restaurant. I got a turkey burger with avocado on it. I don't remember the name of the burger but it was soooo good. I also ordered onion rings and a salted caramel milkshake. The only thing that I did not like is that the onion rings for a very greasy. I would definitely order here again!
Horrible. Burger was over cooked and dry. I asked for a medium burger, there was no pink, not even a hint. The burger was clearly flatted while cooking draining the juices. There was minimal sauce on the burger. The fries were over salted. The bacon was burnt and tasted horrible.

If they were to execute the burger properly i'm sure it would be good. However they managed to screw up their "signature" burger while there were only 3 customers in the building.

please don't waste your time or your money
Perhaps I shouldn't have expected big things from this place, I might not have been this disappointed. The food was only OK. I dig that they locally source, and it's grass fed beef. Their menu has some great options, and interesting topping combinations for their burgers. BUT the meat itself was very dry and tasteless. It was overly salty, and super dry. It's like they press their burgers, squeezing all of the juice out of them. I hope the owner reads this, because I really want this place to be great, but there are currently much better burgers around Philly.

Edit: I feel guilty for such a harsh review, so here are some positives - The service is super friendly, the decor is great, their sauces were exceptionally tasty, and I actually like the thin cut (McDonalds style) fries. 

Oh also, a request: please get a nice big bike rack. There aren't many good lockup options around your shop.
Minimum 90 minutes for a delivery of 2 milkshakes (that costs $20 which is highway robbery) multiple times on a weeknight . We live 8 minutes away. Totally ridiculous. This also happened a few months back--same exact scenario. 

I've been a delivery driver for over 10 years and it's obvious this place has no organized system in place to verify orders for delivery online nor do they know how and when to get them out. There's 50 local delis and pizza joints I can get a milkshake from for under $20 in less than 90 minutes. That's what I'll be doing from now on.
Probably the worst veggie burger I've ever had. It fell apart and was so over seasoned. It basically tasted like a bunch of peppers and a random pile of dry seasonings that don't pair well together. The lentils were dry and fell out of the burger whole. Not what I expected, at all. The vegan chocolate milkshake was good, as well as the onion rings, but I would never order that veggie burger again. I basically took two bites and threw it out.
My husband and I swung in for a low key dinner.  I got a veggie burger, he got one of the specialty burgers, and we split fries and mozarella sticks.  Mozzarella sticks weren't quite cold, but they def weren't hot.  Fries were fine... nothing I'd go running back for.  My burger was ok too.... and my husband said the same.  The upsetting part of our meal was the service.  Our waitress took our plates with food still on it.  We both had mouths full of food, and she literally took the rest of our dinner away.  I had like 2 bites, but my hubs had like a solid quarter of his burger.  She then brought our check, but instead of giving it to us to review, she saw cash in my husband's hand and offered to take it.  She then brought back change (a ten) that gave no option for a tip...   I can't tip you if you give me a ten back.  I had to wait at the counter to break the 10... where i was given 2 $5's...

All in all- food was fine... ok... decent... acceptable... but wasn't blowing me away.  Service killed the meal.
Amazing burgers!!!! They have a lot of selections on their menu. I went with the Juicy Philly burger and sweet potato fries. It was very tasty and I will be back.
Holy cow, this place is legit! I have been wanting to try this place for some time, and it was great! Myself and two other people got in, and were seated promptly at the community table. One of the staff members there was awesome enough gove us info on their menu,  and discussed with the organic nature of their food. It is nice to see a restaurant take pride in ingredients.

Our waitress was hilarious and friendly! She really made sure to make us feel welcomed! I got Jalapeno burger as my entree along with sweet potato fries. The burger was incredibly juicy, and the Chipotle mayo with the fries were amazing! The best part was the Chocolate PB Cookie and Jelly milkshake with Girl Scout PB Patties combined in it. It was such a great treat! This has to be one of my new favorite places down Passyunk Ave.
I literally just walked out of this place and went to another restaurant. My boyfriend and I had been looking forward to eating here all day, and when we got there, we were greeted with horrible, rude customer service. The three young employees there completely ignored us, and after 5 minutes or so, my boyfriend walked up to the counter to get menus. One employee saw him and turned his back. The other looked at him and said "well, I'm outta here" and turned and walked away. The one who acknowledged him asked him what he wanted and seemed to high or something along those lines. Needless to say, we were upset with this terrible lack of customer service and walked out. We've eaten here once before without issue, but after this experience, we will not be going back. Rather, avoid the awful employees that work at 9pm on Saturdays. Go down the street to Fuel. They have awesome food and much, much better customer service there.
Over priced and cash only is a tax scam. It is 2017, get with the program. I've eaten here twice and both times my burger was bland and overcooked. For gourmet prices I expect gourmet flavor. You are better off going to bare burger, five guys, or any of the millions of other burger choices.
Their burgers are very juicy and I like ordering mine with their side combo of fried pickles and fried onions. I like their 'Big Man on Campus' burger because it has the cheese inside the burger. They also have healthier alternatives for their soda machine so it's not your typical Pepsi/Sprite/Mountain Dew. The only thing is they are cash only so don't go in without any cash!
We were super excited about a burger joint that boasted a design-your-own-veggie-burger so we stopped by for a weekend lunch. the fries were amazing, but the burgers were dry and nothing to write home about. i'd be down to try a shake, but we probably won't be eating there again any time soon. not the worst vegetarian spot in the city, but definitely not the best.
The milkshake made with Little Baby's ice cream was amazing. The fries were good. The burgers were good, juicy. But I am still choking over the prices. Especially when  I have to order at the counter, I won't spend $80 on 3 burgers, 2 fries and 4 milkshakes EVER again. I don't care what the cows ate. Sorry, the employees were nice, atmosphere pleasant, but still not worth the prices.
We live in the neighborhood and are so excited abt p'unk burger! We were seated right away at 8pm on a sat night. Burgers and fries were so good. My only complaint is that $7.50 for a tiny milkshake is highway robbery. I actually Couldn't even bring myself To get one b/c if felt wrong to spend that much.  Other than that this place is perfect!
I REALLY wanted to like this place. What's not to love about organic burgers? Upon our arrival on a Thursday evening, the place was vacant. The woman working was super friendly and informative. I ordered the P'unk Burger while my boyfriend ordered the Big Man on Campus, an order of fries and a chocolate milkshake. Our food came out hot and everything looked great. As I said before, I really wanted to like this place...the place was clean and inviting, staff was friendly, and all menu items were organic....the burgers just weren't that good, especially considering the price.
Almost bought a groupon for them and at the last minute noticed that it was mon-thurs only,LAME! 

I passed. So one night my family was strolling along and said, "HEY LETS TRY PUNK BURGER"... We walk in, CASH ONLY???? It's a brand new restaurant. Get with the times! We walked right out. Not going to even try based on other reviews on here and from people I know who weren't happy.

Go to fuel instead!

Note to owner: after seeing your (what I would call) unprofessional responses to bad reviews I would say 1. You shouldn't have opened a restaurant if you can't give it the time and attention it needs, 4 kids or not. 2. I think you should brush up on your interpersonal skills and stop making excuses and then giving a not so genuine apology. I recommend you show some tender loving care to your establishment before it becomes another ghost of the avenue. 3. Learn how to schedule proper amount of employees during shifts. 4. Accept credit cards, you'd make a lot more money!
This was a try-once-and-move-on deal for me.  There are just too many burger joints in the city to accept mediocrity.  Lets start by saying the place has a decent burger-joint vibe, complete with old-school video game console.  The service was decent and it has all the staples you look for in a burger joint; all different kids of burgers prepared all different ways with handmade milkshakes.  I love a milkshake-burger combo with some decent ingredients, i.e., not mcD's.  Now for my cons:  My burger was supposed to be medium, however, it was as well done as well done could be- completely drying it out.  The bun was horrible.  I want to taste my burger, not some gigantic piece of bread.  To make matters worse, it was on the verge of being stale.. ya know what I'm talking about, its a touch hard and crumbly yet still just acceptable for a place to use- i hate that.  Lastly, my poor fries, the thinnest weakest part of the meal, were so rock hard it was like eating hard pretzels.  I may at some point give these guys another shot if I start hearing good thing, but for now Im going to wait.. sucks, bc they have a great idea with no other burger joints on passyunk.
P'unk Burger was great! Food was good. Service was good. Great place for a quick, casual bite to eat!
The fact that P'unk Burger is BYOB is e-v-e-r-y-t-h-i-n-g!

Just had the burger of the month--the Jalapeano Burger--and BOY was it delicious. Just spicy enough (although with a name like that and the number of jalapeano things on it, probably not spicy enough--but whatever!)

My better half can't bring himself to order anything but the Cuban Reuban whatever it's called. I don't even know what's on it because by the time it comes it's gone! 

Definitely can't leave without a milk shake. I've tried. It's just not possible!!!!


The ONLY thing that would make us weekly regulars (which maybe is a good thing that we aren't, says my cholesterol) is CASH ONLY! PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE CHANGE THIS!!! So annoying (especially with how high tech y'all are!)
Lamb "Greek burger" came topped with a big piece of falafel. My bad for not catching the fact before ordering that falafel isn't Greek, but hey whatever, maybe it blends in nice with everything else. But no, falafel was dry, not very good and completely dominated each bite, being as the dense, overcooked and underseasoned patty of lamb couldn't compete with it. There was a paltry dab of tzatziki sauce or the like but that couldn't begin to save it. Even if the patty was good and there was no falafel it would have needed more creaminess and/or cheese. Feta cheese on the Greek burger instead of falafel perhaps? Just a thought guys. Anyway it was quite possibly the least flavorful lamb anything I've had anywhere. The waitress seemed nice and understanding enough when I told her some of this but said she had "no power" to take anything off the check. I didn't ask her to, though it would have been appropriate. She said she was going to try to get a hold of the owner; I don't know if she did or not. Anyway, I was charged I believe a dollar less than full price. 

There are so many new restaurants around here I can't keep up. I'm not made of money you know, East Passyunk Avenue. We actually went here today because Stargazy is still getting used to demand/volume and was out of a ton of stuff. And thus there is no reason to give gimmicky-named P'unk Burger a second chance, there's just too much other great food. I can't imagine this joint surviving for a very long time.
How do you only have one person serving and hosting and expect things to run smoothly??

 Let me start off by saying the milkshakes were fantastic... But when it takes an hour to get your beverage it kind of ruins everything else. 

I really wanted to like this place... It had so much potential! Potential only goes so far though.

I went here with my boyfriend on a Wednesday night, and we had a groupon for 2 specialty burgers, a basket of fries, and 2 milkshakes. We stood in the doorway waiting to be seated for about 5 minutes and we were told to sit anywhere we liked, so we picked a spot near the door. After another ten minutes the server comes back with the menus and explains how everything works and goes to wait on another party. After an additional 10-15 minutes he returns to take our orders and then we wait. 

While waiting a few more parties enter and are forced to stand and wait by the door while this poor server is running back and forth. I'm not sure if he was unaware of the people standing there or just too busy to care. At one point he tries to offer the arcade table to a couple and they refuse so my boyfriend volunteers us to move to that table (30 minutes have passed and no food or milkshakes). That table hadn't been cleaned yet so we wait another 10 minutes for the server to run back and forth to all the other tables before returning to clean the arcade table. 

Once seated at our new table we are still forced to wait longer for our food. At which point the server comes back and states that the guy making the milkshakes is swamped and he's sorry we haven't gotten those yet. And then miraculously our burgers and fries make an appearance. The boyfriend got the big man on campus (it was supposed to be medium rare... It was not) and I got the punk burger (swapped with a turkey patty, which was dry). Fries were decent. 3/4 of the way through our food we finally got our milkshakes. At this point I really wanted it all to be over with

So we wait another 10 minutes for him to come back with the check, and I knew ahead of time there would be a service fee... But I did not know it would be $8, and that they'd expect additional tip on top of that. Displeased, was I. 

In conclusion... The groupon was pointless and I won't be going back.
I thought I updated my review the other day and forgot. Probably because the food is so good! My household has ordered from here 3 times in the past week. For a while I was ordering the Beyond P'unk Burger and my daughter would get the Turkey Burger. We were then hooked on the Mushroom Burger. Our new favorite now is the Ahi Tuna build your own: Tuna, wasabi, arugula, crispy onion rings and extra signature P'unk sauce with crispy old bay tater tots on the side. Just placed a Father's Day order. I love supporting my local small businesses. Nadia is holding things down on a regular basis. Today Brandon was awesome when placing my order. Kitchen is quick and Pablo is even faster with deliveries.

I forgot to mention that the reward points available when placing an order at the website are awesome. I just used a $10 coupon.
The burgers are AMAZING! My partner and I ordered the BYOB- build your own burger.  We ordered the chicken sandwich & the veggie burger.  The veggie burger was perfectly seasoned and not like any other veggie burger I've ever had.  I topped it with vegan daiya mozzarella & avocado.  I was so happy to see that they have vegan options.  The P'unk sauce is delicious, I even had to dip my fries in them.  Will definitely be back when I visit Philly again!
Yum!

I love the burgers here. I had the juicy Philly burger, which was stuffed with cheese (which dripped out like molten lava) and I tried some of my sister's P'unk burger which had bacon and cheese and onion ring.

We also shared some fries and we used a yelp coupon to get 10% off, which was awesome.
I was really disappointed with this place. I truly wanted a magical burger experience but it really fell flat. Even ordering a burger stuffed with cheese didn't provide enough of that juicy burger flavor and came out dry. The veggie burger was very over spiced and I love a good veggie burger that you can actually taste what is in it,  instead of the blacked seasoning. Overall the service and decor were lovely and their shakes and sodas are amazing but there are so many places to get a better burger in the city. We will give this place another shot in a few months to see if some middle ground was met, I know with new places it's just a matter of getting the kinks out.
One of my favorite burger spots in Philly. Their ingredients are always fresh and they offer gluten free buns so my gluten intolerant girlfriend can enjoy a burger with me. I ordered the the Juicy Philly and it lived up to its name. Gather your napkins and moist towelette because things will get messy lol. The burger was delicious and service was on point. I'll definitely be back again when I'm craving a burger.
This was a really great surprise for me. I love burgers and shakes but never knew this was in the neighborhood. I enjoyed my burger and split a non dairy shake. They have a ton of options for everyone vegetarian, vegan, or just all beef. The food came out extremely fast and the service was pretty good. The one negative was that they only except cash, no cards. They do have a ATM on site so that makes up for it. Definitely going back very soon.
NEVER AGAIN. Time to usually make a burger 10 mins, the distance from my house to this place 6mins (drive). Time it took for the food to be delivered 2 hours + this looks like a common issue here and management does not seem to care. Guys please fix your delivery issue or stop saying you deliver. Waiting for a burger and fries for 2 plus hours is not worth it.
My wife found this place because of a Groupon. And I've gotta tell ya I'm really glad we (she) found it!

This south philly phind is organic and has gluten free options. 

Let me take a minute to briefly describe to you the gluten free bun:

The owner happened to be there this night, maybe she's there every night, but either way she proceeded to tell us her quest for the right gluten free bun. 

Whether you are new to GF or a true veteran, you know that GF bread can often taste like cardboard and be so dry and crumbly that you need at least 65 gallons of sauce...per bite. No exaggeration. 65 gallons. 

So, she continues to tell us about her adventures in finding this GF unicorn of a bun and how this bun is the best she has found so far. 

So we both got the gluten free bun and she was right. It was the closest thing to real bread I have had in a long time. It wasn't dry, it wasn't crumbly, and it withstood the pressure of an dump truck load of cheese on one of the best burgers I have tasted in a while. This burger was stuffed and then topped with American cheese. #murica

So now for the good stuff( as if it can get any better than cheese): their selection of burgers made it difficult to choose 1 since they all looked amazing. Whatever your palette there was something for you. Beef, chicken, Ahi Tuna, Lamb.  

You can even build your own burger with a selection of treatments that lifted my appetite like a Botox injection. 

Any place that offers thin cut fries with truffle and old bay side-by-side! #done. #1 (that's "number one" not "hashtag one"). It was like bringing together two worlds in one cosmic collision of savory satisfaction. 

The atmosphere was quiet on a Monday night but you can bring groups, kids, friends, eat in, order out. It's a one stop shop for your dinner delight - and it's healthy!

We don't eat a lot of sugar so we didn't try the shakes, but my guess is they are incredible too. You gotta go.
This burger place was fantastic!! My friend called ahead to reserve a table for 10 and they told us that they don't do reservations, but they were kind enough to prepare a table with water and menus before we arrived.

When it was my turn to order, I got a "Big Man On Campus" as a lunch combo (a great deal!!) and oh my goodness it was GREAT! I had been craving a juicy, not too greasy, cheesy burger for awhile now, and oh boy did this do it for me. It did get very messy though, as my whole hand was covered in what I assume to be mostly juice from the tomato and a bit of cheese?? But that's exactly how I envision burgers should be eaten, so that wasn't a problem for me. Also, their fries are nice and thin, so you get an even amount of crispy to fluffy. The fries are served lightly salted, and there is salt and pepper shakers on the table to season the fries to your preference. 

The service was great too! The lady waiting on us today was very polite and patient with us + occasionally checked to see how we were doing. My friends and I agree that we definitely want to come back here again sometime soon :)
My girlfriend suggested this spot and boy was it a great suggestion. For sides, we decided to go for the half and half combo of pickle chips and sea salt thin cut fries. For main entrees, I went with the Always Sunny in EPA (which doesn't stand for Environmental Protection Agency as my girlfriend informed me) and she went with the Big Man on Campus. I had mine done medium rare and she had her done medium well. 

The sides came out first and they were delightful. The pickles were battered and fried to perfection. The batter was super crispy and the pickle was still soft and delicous. The fries were really thin cut and amazing. Crispy and soft and I couldn't help but grab several at a time. Now the burger was simply heavenly. The patty was cooked just right and the egg yolk was perfectly runny. The bun was soft but firm and soaked up the yolk just right.
First time a hostess has ever greeted me by asking, "What are you doing? "  I guess she thought I was going to rob the place.  Whatever.
Ok so my husband was going on and on about this place and how good their burgers are. I finally decided to give it a chance and we went there for lunch one day. I must say I was happy that we did because their burgers are delicious. I always ask for mine well done. I can't eat it when it's still mooing and grazing. My burger was cooked perfectly. It was well done but was still moist. And the fries!!!!! So good. The place was very clean and the service was excellent. I definitely recommend this place and will go back if give the chance.
Tasty and fast and awesome. The veggie burger was filling and yummy with lots of awesome toppings. The soda selection is awesome and is all non GMO or HFCS. The shakes look tasty but it was way too cold for anything with ice cream. Great, fast vegan options.
This is the first burger I have had in Philly worth going back for. As a culinary snob I found most places lacked quality and flavor all in one.This place delivers both. I no longer have to cross the bridge to Jersey just to get a good, flavorful, high quality fresh made burger. Add in the truffle fries & it's over! The punk burger was on point. Smokey gouda, onion ring, perfectly executed sauce with just enough sweet acidic heat to make you think you found the perfect burger. Everything was fresh, the buns nicely toasted and not gummy but still soft Top it off with BEEF peppered bacon... it's DONE. Red Robin who? Punk Burger is where its at. Husband loved his BigMan burger, nephew loved his cheeseburger, brother loved his Pulled Portabella sandwich. Everyone was satisfied. Punk Burger earned a repeat, regular customer. Nicely done guys... nicely done.
I ordered the half sides of onion rings and fries along with a a make your own turkey burger. The onion rings and sautéed onions were great! The fries were chewy, but ok. The turkey burger was the most bland burger I have ever eaten. I couldn't taste that there was cheese on it, it was, but the patty was unseasoned. So every bite was tasteless. As great as the onions were, with not even salt in the burger , it was hopeless. There was no ketchup that I asked for, I added my own. I even sprinkled salt on it, it was futile. I am very disappointed that they would not put any effort into its taste knowing that turkey sometimes needs it. It has to happen during the cooking process or there's no point. All of this for 20 bucks. I would not go back
Place was open, however, the lady at the counter would not serve or even look at us for minutes before saying the place was closed. It was 11:30 on Saturday and it says they close at 3 AM! Terrible, awful service.
Fries were really good! 
Tuna burger looks small but is really thick so quite filling. And rare! Which is the only way to respectfully eat tuna.
Wish the bun came toasted automatically. Other than that, no gripes.
Second visit to P'unk burger. This time I got the tuna burger and it was delicious! Perfectly cooked tuna with just a light sear. The burger was topped with a spicy wasabi slaw on a delicious fluffy bun.

The wait time is still fairly long, roughly 20-30 minutes, even when the restaurant is not full. The beef burgers are still woefully over cooked. Word to the wise, ask for it rare if you want any hint of pink.
Burgers are good but not great. On the plus side, both of our burgers were cooked exactly as ordered.  At many other places , I order my burger medium rare and have to send it back because it is more than well done.  The regular fries were pretty tasteless. 

If you're in the area and want a decent burger definitely stop by. But not worth making a special trip for.
Coming from Australia, I love a good burger. This place does not disappoint on the quality. The burgers were gourmet without being pretentious. The restaurant itself is casual and despite it being busy, I could hear my friend talking to me. The menu had enough variety without being too much.

Good:

- variety
- quality ingredients
- tasty
- great, fast service (but not in a 'eat quick and get out' kind of way)
- no cards but an ATM in house

Not so good (but not enough to stop me coming back):
- a little on the pricey side
- it was 90F outside and almost the same inside. Turn on the air please.
Went on Sunday around lunch and even with the special lunch price, I thought it was to expensive,  We hardly received any fries (Just warm, not super hot like I love them).  Flavor was good but I just cannot justify it for the price.  I would rather get a burger somewhere else for that price.  I only see myself going back when they are open late!
Awesome little burger joint. All organic meat and it's cooked to perfection. Just the right amount of food. The Nutella milkshake is a must! You must try this place. Note it's BYOB.
Two words: vegan milkshakes. If your diet is gf, df, vegetarian, or vegan, I'd highly recommend this place! Absolutely phenomenal burgers with amazing add-on toppings, cheeses, and so on. Amazing!
Going on 2 hours for a delivery order 3 blocks away. I would only give them 1 star but the food is worth another star.  

Also, dining in has always been inconsistent. Pick-up somehow takes forever as well. If the burgers weren't so good I'd stop eating here completely. 


UPDATE: It is now 10:45 pm. I placed my delivery order at 8:45 when I got home. My food is lukewarm, my fries are soggy and this meal cost me $24.
Just visited here for lunch. The B&W shake was amazing!! I mean, it's Nutella and Vanilla, so really, how could it have been anything short of amazing. I also really loved the sweet potato fries. I got the seasonal BBQ Burger with bacon, Gouda, barbecue sauce, and Guinness caramelized onions. It was very good, but super greasy. Believe me, I know it's a burger and it's supposed to be greasy, but it was just hard to eat because of that. The service was also solid... Not hovering but helpful when needed. All in all, I would definitely come back.
EXPENSIVE!!! I have been eagerly waiting for this place to open for some time now. I live on the Ave and feel this neighborhood could use a good, well-priced burger and fry place. Unfortunately this is not it. In all fairness,  the burger was pretty good: well seasoned, cooked to the right temperature and quality beef. The onion rings weren't bad either (even though I couldn't eat two of them bc they left the paper on the onion). My biggest issue is the price. Burgers start at $8 and go up from there. $1 for chesse, $1 for lettuce (?!!), $1 for tomato  and $1.75 for bacon. You are at $13 for a bacon cheeseburger before even adding fries or a drink! When I heard this place was coming I certainly didn't think it would be a $20-a-head place. There are too many good options on the Ave close to the same price point for this place to last long.
We ordered take out the other night via online. Placed the order at 4:55pm and at 5:21pm we had a knock at the door the food was delivered. All of the burgers were HOT and fries and tatter tots were crispy. Just delicious!
I tried the pulled portabella, tasty and great quality ingredients, but for close to $11 I can't really justify coming here too often. For that much in a South Philly take out joint I expect to get a meal, but it felt more like a snack.
Easily the best burger I've ever had & my server Micheal  was excellent. It's a small place with 5 tables to the right  & one big picnic style bench to the left. I chose the " Always Sunny on EPA " burger , my fav. hands down & I've worked at 2 burger joints. I will be coming back  and I love love love the handcrafted sodas
Been here twice. Very happy with the food.

First time was opening weekend, so things were a little chaotic. Soda machine was being repaired, staff were in training, some items were not available -- but the owner was very good about making special arrangements and seeing to everyone's needs. I was impressed with her ability to roll with it.

The next time, things were a little more under control. Waitstaff were attentive, but didn't seem particularly comfortable. I think this will improve as this place finds its groove, so it didn't put me off. One server was difficult to understand, because she tended to mumble.

Food tastes awesome. The fries are perfect. I wish the prices were a little lower. I was hoping for just a basic burger joint. But I understand that high-quality, responsible ingredients will cost more than cheap crap. Some of the specialty burgers look fun, but for my money, I just want a basic burger. Don't try to be too foofy. I don't need the frills.

Because of the prices, I can't come here a lot. But I do love it, and I have been recommending it.

Great addition to the avenue. Really hope these folks succeed.
I decided to write a review after visiting P'unk Burger three times. I had the P'unk Burger & BYO Turkey Burger. Their burgers average price is about $8.50 and up (sides not included). It seems the burgers are getting smaller and smaller each visit. Unfortunately, I had my last visit. Burgers at that price should A). Included a side or B). Make bigger burgers. Their burgers appear big but believe me they're not.
Extra time and care was put into our family's food preparation needs due to allergies. All the staff was very in tune to the ingredients in all the items served. This was a relief to our family members with very specific soy, dairy, gluten, peanut, and berry allergies. We loved the different burger options. The split baskets of any appetizers was a bonus. The shakes were super tasty and all the food came out just was we ordered. Great place!
Haven't ate in at p'unk burger. Do not recommended getting delivery. My order took two hours. They didn't reach out to let us know they were running an entire hour behind.

Bad days happen but I am under the impression this place might not be capable of  delivering food in a timely manner. Burgers were okay but the fries were super soggy and not edible. 

A burger place that delivers using bikes....not a good outcome.
Based on quality of food, this place is a 5 star joint. You can tell that freshness is the most important thing, and with several vegan, veggie, and gluten free options, anyone can dine here. Dropped off one star because it is PRICEY! 8 dollars for a small milkshake? Though it was vegan, I don't think I could ever justify that purchase again. Fries are quite generic, not cut in house or anything. Burgers are thick and not greasy, and they don't skimp on toppings. 

I also feel like a place so expensive shouldn't be cash only, but probs to them. Waiting for another reason to go, maybe for a celebration or event. But other than that, I'll be dreaming of my guilt free strawberry milkshake.
Fries are good and probably the only reasonably priced thing on the menu. Veggie burger is meh. A good veggie burger is hard to find, but this one was dry and more bland than most. If you are vegan, ask whether the bun is vegan or not. I didn't ask and I'm not convinced it is. Generally I find it too expensive, mostly because I don't really care for all the "organic," and "local" crap. If you buy into all that, perhaps you are willing to spend $30 for two people to have a mediocre dinner, but I am not.
Walked by this place while on the hunt for a BYOB this past Sunday. I originally wasn't too interested in getting burgers for dinner, but I am glad my boyfriend persuaded me otherwise! 

Before getting into the food, I must say the waitress we had was amazingly friendly and attentive to our needs. I'm annoyed I didn't get her name, but she honestly deserves a personal shout-out/award for her customer service skills - she was humorous, insightful, and overall a rockstar.

On to the food... hands down, one of the best burgers I've had in my life. I ordered their P'unk burger (medium rare) with a side of Old Bay fries and a chocolate, banana milkshake. One of my pet peeves about burgers (particularly large, overloaded ones) is that they get sloppy and messy when you chow down on them. Not the case with my burger! The bun was soft and moist, the beef patty grilled to perfection, and all the toppings placed skillfully atop one another to ensure no spillage. As an added pro, you can also do a "build your own" burger if you wish to be a bit of a rebel. The fries were thin, crisp, and just a little over seasoned for my personal preference; but that wasn't a big deal for me. The milkshake was heavenly from the first to last sip. I'm not a fan of overly sweet items, and surprisingly this milkshake wasn't overwhelming.

You can definitely get a burger, fries, and milkshake meal for way cheap elsewhere, but the food will not be comparable to the quality P'unk serves. And even burger joints that price their items within the same range (i.e. Shake Shack, PYT, etc.) do not compare to P'unk's standard. Overall, I would recommend at least 1 visit to this place for all who love burgers.
I love P'unk Burger and I'm super happy they can deliver. To give you some context I ordered the "big man on campus" burger during the Eagles NFC playoff Close enough to the end of the game I wasn't sure they would make it across Broad Street to deliver my food. They certainly did, and earlier than they thought they would. The all-American burger comes with cheese injected into the beef so if you eat it hot out of the kitchen you can be burned as if someone put hot lava in your food. The delivery time gives it just enough time to cool off so it is at wolfing temperature. French fries however show up as soggy soggy noodles. So leave the gun, take the cannoli.
Good option when you're craving a burger in South Philly.  My patty was well done when I ordered medium, but it was still tasty.  Loved the pickle chips and family-friendliness...  But, overpriced and overcooked.
First they have the friendliest staff anywhere!  I had a the ad great burger stuffed with chedder, topped with grilled onions and portobello mushrooms on a toasted bun! The beef was grass fed. I got the best fries seasoned with old Bay.  The shake selection is a great as you can get, I had a Almond milk chocolate nuttella skake. We live in Jersey but will definitely be back!
I live close enough to P'unk Burger that I've eaten here four times, really out of sheer laziness. Three out of four times, the burger was pretty good: always medium and reasonably well flavored. It's a good burger, though it's not one that many will crave. This is not the realm of a burger at Royal Tavern, for example, even if you will pay the same. The fourth time, it resembled the burger that others here are complaining about: very overcooked, gray and tasteless. It seems that they have some quality control issues in the kitchen. However, the fries have always been good and the soda is fine too. I had a milkshake once and that was totally uninspiring.

The owners have done very well at getting a lot of publicity - they're everywhere, all the time: on twitter, on the news, everywhere. Their fun decor and playful name gets attention and that's great. Unfortunately, their prices are exorbitant and they don't take plastic. They have an ATM on premises and when I asked the owner (woman with short, slicked back hair) if/when they were going to be able to take credit, she complained that people were complaining, saying, "What's wrong with cash? Why is everyone complaining?" What's wrong with cash is that I don't always have much on me and that these days almost any coffee shop will take plastic. And if you've got an iPad, buy the Square dongle and use it like other businesses do. It takes no time to set up and use and it will make your customers infinitely easier to deal with.

The prices are what you would pay at sit-down establishment (gastropub, for example) where you can also get a drink and you're going to linger. For what's being sold (a fancy burger and fries) and the ambiance (fun fast food), this place is way, way over-priced. A good comparison would be Good Stuff on 18th (and Chestnut, I think); they have exactly the same concept: organic, fancy burgers, eco-friendly (not sure if P'unk burger is), shakes, etc. (they have beer too) and their burgers are $3-5 less than P'unk Burger. That's right, a specialty burger there is as much as $5 less! And frankly, it's also much tastier - it's a burger that you might actually crave. And they take plastic. I don't understand why the prices at P'unk Burger are so much higher when rent has to be lower than Center City. P'unk Burger hasn't been open that long and it's great that they're so good at marketing; but unless they become a destination eatery, they are going to have to rely on people in the neighborhood as part of their core base and when a burger and fries for two costs $30 or $40, people like me are just not going to keep coming back.
