As far as COVID outdoor options go, PJ Clarkes is a viable option, as long as you wear plenty of layers and situate yourself just in between pillars of flame while you dine. Just get ready to drink plenty of water to balance the salt.

Must get: burger (per wife)
Meh: shrimp, calamari, fish tacos
Missed out: not sure

We visited PJ Clarkes just before the second wave of city closure due to COVID and were lucky that the weather was appropriately chilly and we were one of the only people dining on a Saturday night, so the staff were able to bring extra heaters to warm our frigid extremities. When almost all of the menus have converted to a QR code, it was unusual to see paper menus post-COVID. While I welcomed holding onto a menu and pointing to the choices, I would have liked them to be stored in a booklet, rather than being clipped onto the table.

As for the food, I was a little bit underwhelmed by both the portions and price of everything. We shared two appetizers: grilled shrimp w/shishito peppers and calamari, and my wife and I got the fish tacos and burger. I think the calamari was a bit bland and overly breaded, while the shrimp was exceedingly salty, but well prepared and very juicy. The fish tacos...only 2 of them, were populated with two small chunks of dried fish with two unnecessarily thick tortilla wraps. The burger, per wife, was good.

Overall, I think this is a nice option on a nicer afternoon, as it is just outside the corner of beautiful park and it is fun to people watch. But as the weather gets colder, you may get more bang for your buck by ordering in.

Food: 2 stars
Service: 3 stars
Ambiance: n/a
Price: 2 stars
Was very excited to try this location as I've eaten at the P.J. Clarke's in Manhattan on 3rd Avenue numerous times and have also been able to dine at the Side Car location. These experiences have all been great and I hadn't had a bad experience up until now at the Philadelphia location. 

All was going well and after having explored the city all day long, my friends and I opted to stop into P.J. Clarke's in hopes of getting an Espresso Martini (a tradition we've had since we graduated college). At the suggestion of the hostess, my friends headed to lounge area to grab a seat while I went to the bar to order our drinks. After inquiring if the bartender could make an espresso martini, I placed our order. He seemed a little unsure of how to make the drink, but quickly checked with a more experienced server before eagerly agreeing to make it (much appreciated). The bartender asked for our ID's and I explained to him where we were sitting and went to grab IDs from the group.

When I reached the lounge area, I was immediately stopped by a different server who offered to take our order. I explained to him that I had already been taken care of at the bar and he (very rudely) insisted that I order with him rather than his coworker. Having worked multiple serving jobs, I was taken aback by his eagerness to steal tips from a coworker. After a lot of back and forth I finally relented and allowed him to help us. He took our order, checked our IDs and was off.

10 minutes later he returned, not with drinks but instead asked to see my friends ID again. He takes sometime looking at it this time and after a long and intensive inspection, he seems satiated, thanks us, and leaves to grab our drinks...or so we thought.

Another 10 minutes passes by. Another man shows up (assuming he was a manager judging by the way he dressed) and asks to see "the ID from Virginia." While he was inspecting the ID we asked if something was wrong and he let us know that they had just acquired their liquor license and that the server was not used to seeing Virginia IDs (personally, I found this hard to believe given Philadelphia being such a huge tourist destination and with Virginia being so close). 

The manager continued to review my friends ID for an exorbitant amount of time all the while questioning her about the information on it and laughing each time she answered a question about her ID correctly. Finally, he informed us that the ID was missing a hologram (it wasn't) and that he was unable to serve us. He refused to look at the ID in better lighting (as the lounge was pretty dimly lit which is why I asked) and did not offer to have it scanned and offered no additional condolences or explanations. We decided leave rather than raise a stink since there was a large party with children sitting next to us.

I am highly disappointed with this experience and would not recommend this location to anyone. 

Please note, this ranking has less to do with the fact that my friends 6-month-old government issued ID was denied (even though my 3 year old, peeling, and broken in half South Carolina ID was accepted) and more to do with the rudeness of the staff and management. I would not recommend, at least, not until the staff is better trained on how to distinguish real IDs from fakes. It also would help to teach them basic manners as how to treat customers (and fellow employees!) with respect.

EDIT: We visited around 6:15 pm on 10/6/18. Hoping the owner will be able to see this and figure out who was working at this time.
I/we were SO looking forward to trying out the new PJ Clarke's, so conveniently in our neighborhood. We were on the way to the theater and thought we would grab a quick, simple, nothing fancy meal as we passed by. 

The FOOD was "ok". Not bad, not great. Small(ish) portions. (The deserts were huge portions, interestingly enough.)
The SERVICE was attentive - great marks!! (We were early, before any diner "rush hour", so many servers available, but I suspect they are trying to impress.)
The ATMOSPHERE was fine. Everything is new and sparkling.
The PRICING was a REAL DISAPPOINTMENT!!! We got 2 (small, Ceasar salads), 1 burger/fries, 1 chicken pot pie, 2 desserts (admittedly, we could have gotten one when we saw how large they were), 1 coffee. NO wine,  NO liquor. The tab (with a 20% tip) came to $128+. We were blown away. Honestly, it seems the total price was about twice what it should be. Again, a real disappointment!

We are hoping that the pricing will be brought down and will adjust to market (competition) prices all around. We were so looking forward to a nice, reasonably-priced, neighborhood place for a quick meal - often. Right now, this is NOT going to happen.
Strolling around Independence Hall area of Philadelphia on a Sunday afternoon as a first time visitor and couldn't find much open. Surprised it was so dead, likely bc it's a somewhat resi neighborhood or maybe bc the Eagles fans were licking their wounds from come by behind, Q4, three touchdown win by the Panthers.. 

Saw a sign outside and strolled into PJ Clarkes and struck gold. Eileen, the manager, introduced herself and gave me a tour of the new bar and restaurant, history of PJs etc, treated me like I was family. Sat down at the bar ordered Other Half IPA and fish and chips. Insanely great. Best fish and chips on the planet, with out question- flakey, light, cooked to perfection. Will definitely head back for another round with crew in tow.  Garden salad delish too!
Came here for a work dinner on Tuesday evening. Our party of 12 arrived about 30 minutes prior to our reservation time but they were able to seat us early, which was much appreciated.

Service was excellent from start to finish, including the hostess who checked our coats, bartenders, and servers. Ambience is nice -- a bit on the darker side, but not in a "romantic" way. It's located inside the beautifully unique Curtis building (parking available underground at a cost).

Our table shared the following appetizers: Navy Bean Hummus (good), Tater Tots (bland), Soft Pretzel Pigs in a Blanket (nothing special -- cheese sauce was watery), and Crispy Calamari (way overdone -- very tough and unseasoned). Disappointing start to the meal...

For my entree I got the Blue Crab Spaghetti (had to try the squid ink pasta!) and shared the Brussels Sprouts with a colleague. The lump crabmeat was decent, but it was a disproportionate amount to the pasta -- i.e. not enough. The dish was also very spicy, which I didn't mind...but just a heads up. Honestly, the most tasty thing I ate that night was the Brussels Sprouts. They were perfectly cooked and absolutely delicious. 

Everyone seemed satisfied with their beverages. No complaints there. We passed on dessert.

There are a few unisex restrooms available; they are concealed in a "hidden" hallway behind the main entrance bar. The staff will point you in the right direction!

Based on food alone, I would rate it 3 stars, but overall it was a positive experience. Presentation of food was fine and temperatures were satisfactory; it just lacked flavor, mostly...though the calamari was sad all around. :(

This place actually has a lot of potential to be great if they fine-tune some of their recipes. In the meantime, I'm in no rush to return. Hope you have better luck!
PJ Clarke's is a go-to during this pandemic. They have a lot of outdoor, covered seating with views of Washington Square. 

The menu has a ton of options, mostly American food but also a lot of seafood options. 

Recommend: lobster roll, fried chicken sandwich, Brussels sprouts, watermelon burrata salad
My first yelp post, but my dinner was so good, I had to break the ice and just tell everyone about it. 

Just had an amazing dinner at PJ Clarke's
 
I had the fish stew (bouillabaisse, red sauce)- the favors were incredible! The sauce had a thick, smooth consistency without being creamy. So much flavor, not too salty. It was perfect. Also apparently they recently increased the amount of fish in this dish- there was so much fish, all so fresh and delicious! I was more than satisfied with the amount of food and had some extra to let the rest of the table try. 

My dad had the pan seared red snapper in the ginger-yuzu broth. This was also awesome. So much flavor. He almost licked the plate. 

We shared the side of Brussels sprouts which were heavenly. Crispy with onion and candied bacon jam on the top- insanely good. 

I have to say I was pleasantly surprised by how great our dinner was and I will definitely be back soon.
This was our first restaurant in Philly and I am so glad we decided to come. Had so much fun with me and my girls. The drinks are great and the service is excellent. Dan our waiter made the entire experience so much fun! Weather you sit inside or outside the views are excellent and the food is delicious.
Have been here several times since 10/18.  Brunch, very good.  Happy Hour, excellent.  Dinners have been inconsistent - some excellent, others average.  
Hoping we get to all excellent soon, we love the location, the setting and the bar is extremely comfortable.  Staff all very friendly and good at their jobs.  Bartenders especially great!

Clam chowder is hands down the best I've ever had.  Burgers are excellent.  Trout awesome.  Oysters also very good!
My first time here and We had a great dinner outside on the sidewalk(large umbrellas, looking at the park). Everything was perfect, from the friendliness and safety of the staff(masks, distancing), excellent, efficient service(thanks Dan) to the delicious food(we had the deviled eggs, salmon, ribs, salad). It was really nice of the manager, Dan, to introduce himself and check on us. We look forward to coming soon!!
So...

Used to frequent N.Y./PJ. This location is ideal, corner to corner parks, can't wait till a Spring and outdoor tables. It's got a old used feel to entering and moving into the bar. It'll be great for sports and obnoxious Cowboy fans. Seriously it's good. The restaurant has an old New York feel to it. I had the black bass and it was very good. I look forward to eating other items. The service was top attentive but they'll get it right.
While in Philly we stopped here for drinks and dessert. The customer service was great and the drinks were super strong. The strawberry shortcake was delicious. Highly recommend checking this place out.
P.J. Clarke's is going to be the best sports bar downtown. I just watched Ed Rendell give the place his blessing and the trophy graced the grand opening. 33-41 will always be the score at PJ Clarke's. The service is top notch. The decor and design impeccable. The food is to die for and the drinks are the best around. Do not miss P. J. Clarke's in Philly or you're missing out.
What a great find! The location, on the corner between two parks and overlooking Independence Hall, is arguably one of the best views in the city. There's tons of outdoor seating, as well as large, beautiful windows that create an indoor outdoor feeling when dining near the bar. Food was great! I had calamari, a watermelon buratta salad, and fish and chips--all were delicious. It's great to have a restaurant that can make so many different types of food, from fresh cheeses to seafood, taste great. We enjoyed ourselves so much that we returned three days later! Will definitely return again.
Having walked by the establishment countless times, we had developed a strange infatuation with P.J. Clarke's, despite never actually going there. It took about a year-and-a-half until our curiosity piqued and we finally had to check it out, and...well, it was as ordinary as we'd expected.

Not great. Not bad. Just a straight up middle-of-the-road experience. We went for lunch with some friends, ordered some cocktails, oysters, salads, and a few burgers. The cocktails were quite good. We got the "Queen's Gambit" and the "Smokin' Berries," and both hit the spot. The oysters were decent, but fresh and well-shucked. I was mostly intrigued by the "Cadillac" burger, which we had seen on TV, and ended up being perfectly fine. Nothing magical, but a good, simple burger. We also shared a side of fries for the table, which were good. Again, nothing spectacular.

At the time, we had to eat outside, but having gone inside to use the restroom, it definitely looked like a nice space that would be fun to pop into for a simple meal and cocktails in normal times. That said, the outdoor seating area is pretty nice, and the area is beautiful to enjoy on a nice day. They're very dog-friendly in patio area, which is wonderful!

The staff is also really good. Incredibly friendly, outgoing, and able (and willing) to answer any questions you might have.

Okay, so it's ordinary, which can rarely earn 5 stars, but why isn't it at least "4-star ordinary?" That's easy to answer: price. I understand tourists flocking to P.J. Clarke's because of the proximity to Independence Hall, the Liberty Bell, Washington Square, etc.. Easy pickings for inflated pricing. We also understand that their rent must be outrageous in the beautiful Curtis building in said historic area, so the restaurant needs to charge a premium. We get it, but if you're a local that's used to the amazing and diverse Philly food scene, you're going to do a second take when you see your bill. That's when it'll really dawn on you how ordinary the food was. Again, not bad, but at their prices, it's hard to go rushing back for standard American fare, even if the staff are so friendly and attentive. 

So overall, P.J. Clarke's a perfectly good option for a simple meal if you're in the area and not worried about paying a premium. We may eventually return, but for the most part, we scratched that curiosity itch that we had for this restaurant, and we'll be leaving this one for the tourists.
You are going to pay the Curtis building premium of $16 for this cheesesteak. $16, all things considered (downtown, Curtis building and sea salt french fries) is pretty accurate. I liked this cheesesteak but a few things (other than the $16) kept me from loving it. Phenomenal caramelized onions and caramelized onions to meat ratio. The meat/caramelized onions had a great flavor. The warm cheese sauce was good but it needed a whole lot more and it needed to get through more of the cheesesteak. The seeded roll was nice but it was a little bready. I would have preferred a $7 draft beer over my $12 Monk's Cafe beer even though the Monk's Cafe beer was very very tasty. Overall pretty good experience.
Lovely outdoor setup for a nice al fresco lunch, unfortunately some of the elements of our recent lunch experience failed to hit the mark. We started with the calamari, not bad flavor though it might have been better had the calamari been flashed fried with the included cherry peppers, vs plopping a few pickled cherry peppers on the dish, functioning more as garnish rather than something to bring out the flavors of the dish. For the main, we ordered a pj Clarke burger (medium rare) with gruyere cheese, shoestring French fries, and a Caesar salad. 

Firstly, not one to harp on portion sizes, especially in the U.S. where we could all serve a little portion control, but I would say at 13.50, it is perhaps the most skimpy Caesar I've encountered. As for the shoestring fries, I cannot review how they were, because they never came out, and what DID arrive was a frie more inline with what you would encounter at McDonald's- certainly not shoestring, as labeled on the menus (I've included an example of a shoe string frie for reference). The food runner that served us the fries, then went back into the kitchen and returned with onion strings , although we did not order them, or request them. 

Finally the clarke burger arrived totally well done, yet somehow managed to be topped with non- melted cheese, I'm not even certain it was gruyere, and a cold potato bun, with a raw onion underneath, between the bun and the plate. I perhaps would've dealt with the overcooked patty, had it been properly seasoned with salt and pepper, or some sort of condiment, but alas this total package was devoid of flavor. The waiter made an appearance shortly thereafter and attempted to rectify the situation by getting another burger made in the kitchen, and the manager Patrick stopped by and was apologetic regarding the preparation, but never went so far as to acknowledge that the burger was cooked to the incorrect temperature. The team was insistent on rectifying the situation , although I expressed our time constraints, and 15 minutes later, I was presented another burger, same temperature as before, though this one hadn't rested at all , after coming out of the kitchen and thus, it's residual juices made the non toasted potato bun no match as a container for this burger.

Truly unfortunate, and things of note, I'd say if the manager is the one coming to the table for the second time to bring the replacement dish out, perhaps wait a beat to ensure your kitchen hit the mark at the second at bat, and hospitality 101, let's not charge the customer for , at a minimum, the fries that didn't exist, and perhaps not for the burger that failed miserably.

Weather was nice though, I think that was unrelated.
Located inside The Curtis Building, this is a great new bar and lounge located in between Washington Square & Independence Hall (views much?) Decked with huge leather couches, dozens of chandeliers, and floor to ceiling windows, it gives off an upscale vibe yet the TVs and lounge dining environment make it feel like a casual sports bar at the same time. 

I went with a large group and we were able to snag the whole left side of the bar. The service was extremely attentive and our drinks were never empty. The drink menu is expansive- from wine and whisky to cocktails and beer. I stuck to vodka drinks, but majority of my group was into the whisky. Gin and tonic lovers rejoice as they offer a handful of each to mix and match. 

Tried a variety of appetizers. The lobster cocktail was by far my favorite. My group also had shrimp cocktail and oysters from the raw bar. The tater tots, pretzel pigs in a blanket, chicken wings, and Mac and cheese were all good but nothing special. Eyeing other patron's pasta and seafood entrees definitely intrigued me enough to want to come back for a proper meal!
Each year, my department does a White Elephant Christmas Brunch. This year, we decided on the newly opened PJ Clarks in the Curtis Center. We reviewed the menu beforehand and made a reservation for 8. Although, we probably should've asked if brunch was a daily thing as it wasn't listed clearly on their menu.

The space is quite large and decorated beautifully for the holiday season. A major plus!

For lunch, I decided to go with a aperol spritz (one of my favorite apertifs) and a PJ Clark burger in which I added bleu cheese to. My burger was cooked medium, upon my request and it was perfect. Fries were shoestring fries, very similar in appearance to McDonalds but better. The burger came with bread and butter pickles, lettuce, tomato, and raw onion (a must in my eyes for a burger).

Definitely loved my meal and would go here again. It was a little pricey, but it was on my company so i didn't mind haha!
Overated. Food is terrible and pricey.
If you want to spend like this go to a real restaurant with creative dishes and chefs not a mediocre chain with poor execution booth in flavor and presentation. 
Why are desserts 10 dollars? Are they even made there? My "french" burger was not good at all... I've had better burgers at chillis. The salmon plate dissapponting.
Fish and chips horrible. Why do people like this?
Beautiful bar area. Plenty of comfy seating overlooking both parks. The bartenders were friendly enough and there was a good selection of happy hour food and drinks. Everything also arrived in a timely manner. We ordered the fried oyster roll, wings, clam chowder and apple berry cobbler. Of the four, I'd say the fried oyster roll was the best, and the chowder did not meet my expectations. I was also confused by the cobbler because it was mostly warm berries with a big scoop of cinnamon ice cream on top. I was hoping for a higher crumb ratio for texture. The cinnamon ice cream was really good regardless. I'll be back for drinks but not sure about food.
Came here with a large group on a Saturday. It's a very large, spacious restaurant with both outdoor and indoor seating available. Definitely a fun place for a group of friends. PJ Clarkes is a chain of American-style restaurants, but this is the first here in Philly. 

To start, we ordered a number of drinks - they have something for everyone. I tried the aperol spritz which I thought was delicious and not too heavy on the aperol. For appetizers, we ordered the calamari, the cheesesteak eggrolls, and the oysters. The oysters were very fresh if you're in the mood. I really liked the eggrolls though - a great combination of cheese and meat with a crispy exterior. For the mains, some of the favorites included the fish tacos, the horseradish cheddar burger, and the skirt steak frite (this is huge FYI, so make sure you're hungry!). We were all very pleased with our choices.

Overall, this was a great place for some solid quality American food and drinks. It's especially good for larger groups! Would recommend.
Great dinner! Wonderful selection of wine, beer, and cocktails. Had the mussels, crab cake, and beet carrot salad. Delicious! Lively atmosphere and friendly wait staff. Terrific experience!
Beautiful bar area. Huge TVs. Suffering from opening day hiccups. Very friendly staff. Tried swordfish & scallops...very good. Things will probably smooth out with time. I'll be back.
Great service, overpriced food. If the food were about 25% cheaper, this would be a four star review. Nice ambience, and I suspect the reason the prices are what they are is because if the location, but as a Philly resident in Olde City I know location prices... These are inflated too much.

We got the Mac n Cheese, Tater tots, pigs in pretzel blankets, and salmon Benedict. The Mac n Cheese was excellent. The tots were decent. The pigs were mediocre. The salmon Benedict was decent but the bread it was on was lacking. Drinks were all overpriced, but the selection was good.

Would I come back? For the service and outdoor seating, yes.
We had a large party on a Saturday and were seated at a large table in a relatively full restaurant- I.e. not a lot of people. We had great conversation but were really crowded. I could not figure out why the hostess or waiter did not add another table. The service was adequate can't check considering we were a large party. This is why the 4 Stars.

Shrimp Cocktail- very good
Crispy Brussel Sprouts- Great appetizer 
Some exceptionally good items from the $35 fixed price menu are the bacon appetizer , chicken and pasta, short ribs and the scallops with farro.

The hamburger and rib eye was plain but very tasty-ask for pickles or whatever condiment you prefer.

The dessert with the $35 menu was great!!!
The restaurant that we planned on going to for lunch was closed, so we came across P J Clarke's and decided to give it a try.  We were not disappointed!  The service was amazing, from the  greeting at the entrance to the waitress to the bus boy and everyone we walked by - very friendly, professional and attentive while not being intrusive.  The food was equally excellent.  I had the lobster roll, which was to die for, and my friend had a burger, which she said was the best she ever had (and she has had a lot of them!) The raw bar looked awesome, although we did not try it.  The atmosphere was very nice, and clean, white table cloths and indoor or outdoor seating.  And the Tiffany mural near the restaurant is a masterpiece well worth seeing.
Beautiful restaurant at the heart of PA. It's close to popular tourist attractions (independence hall, liberty bell). 
We were only able to sit outside, however there were large umbrellas to cover you when it rains. The staff was very friendly and accommodative to our requests (it was a large group). 
I will say its a bit pricey so it's something to keep in mind. Each meal is roughly 20-30 per person depending on what you get. Otherwise it's an excellent place for breakfast/ lunch!
Staff was sensitive to my gluten free needs, burgers have been perfectly cooked to my request all 3 times I've been in, plenty of seating at lunchtime, and service has been prompt and pleasant.
Came here to have lunch with a friend and I heard this place was brand new. If you haven't been here before it is inside the Curtis Center which is pretty sweet in itself.

The place is rather large and during the time it was moderately busy. Perfect place to chat and chew. 

Waitress was awesome, she NEVER let my glass get anywhere close to half empty. Which was incredible. Okay so here was my issue, I ordered the wings, the flavor was eh, but most importantly there was feathers still in my wings!!!!!! Gahhhhhh. I get a few feathers here and there but, I thought the wings were about to take flight. Hopefully they do a better job cleaning their wings next time.
Great lunch spot! The salads were perfectly portioned and refreshing. Very fresh ingredients. We loved the indoor space. High ceilings, large windows, beautiful architecture and design. The service was impeccable. Our food arrived fast and our waiter was incredibly friendly!
This by far was one of the grossest meals I've ever had. If I could give it 0 stars I would. The calamari was soggy, chewy and under fried. The "baked" mac n cheese was essentially nacho cheese sauce poured on top of noodles. We found a fish scale in the mac n cheese. The bbq chicken was flavorless. 
My bf ordered the horseradish burger, received the regular burger served on a bed of raw onions. They had ketchup packets instead of regular ketchup to serve with the fries. 
The service was nice but very slow. 

For this price point you could go literally anywhere else in the city and have a better meal. I will not be returning here ever again.
Stopped in tonight to get away from cheesesteak for dinner. My husband had the Curtis burger & I had the bohemian stew.
Really nice. The stew was especially good since it was a cool night.
Not my usual spot to eat, but was happy at the food and service. We were immediately seated a nice sofa area and we were told that we arraigned right at happy hour - aka my favorite hour of the day. We got the tater tots and oysters. I was floored by the tater tots becausE they were some very very gourmet tater tots. I'm talking truffle oil, fancy shavings of cheese, and artisanal ketchup on the side. I did try the oysters, but since it was my first time, I really don't have anything to compare it to. I'm just assuming it's good? There were all the fix-ins with vinegars and sauces, so I think everyone will be happy. I also loved the ambiance of the places. I thought I was transported to a nice swanky restaurant in NY. I would love to go back!
We wanted P.J. Clarke's to be better than it was but nonetheless still enjoyed it. Dined inside in a back room with windows and a cool view after asking if we could not sit in the dimmer dining area. The restaurant is very large and boasts interesting Philadelphia-related photographs and archival pieces on the walls. 

Food was pretty good. The oysters were the star of the show and their specialty. I had the chicken pot pie because I don't like seafood and decided that would be a good meal to have in the middle of June¿ It had really good flavor but took a while to cool lol. Mom had a burger which had great fries but honestly wasn't worth the price. Dad's lobster roll was good but had tomatoes which he said is not traditional to a lobster roll ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ No garnish on any of the plates either. Definitely recommend the cocktails :) and there is a hefty dark liquor selection. 

Service was fair; it was definitely SLOW which stunk. They were fairly knowledgeable but not all stars. 

The bathroom situation was weird enough for me to mention: gender neutral single stalls which is cool and progressive but there were far too few stalls for the size of restaurant so we all waited in line and made small talk. Not sure I'd go back but if you're an oyster fan then this is the spot for you- especially with $1 happy hour per oyster.
Well after a two year wait we tried PJ Clarke's.  Very  nice staff.  But the food preparation except for the French fries, was horrid.  The chef either should be fired or take a cooking class.  As Woody Allen and Groucho Marx famously said, the food was poor and the portions small.  But the prices were high.
Came here for a work dinner !  This establishment is located in the Curtis building !! For starters we had the arugula salad with lemon and olive oil . It was a basic salad and I enjoyed it . The entrees were served family style: porcini rubbed filet of beef, roasted salmon with vierge sauce, wild and basmati rice pilaf, Classic potato gruyere gratin, and cast iron seared asparagus. The filet was seasoned nice, tender, and cooked medium-rare. Salmon was fresh , flavorful, and it's skin was crispy. Classic potato was yummy as well and not too cheesey for me. The asparagus was seared with a nice char and so good when you drizzle a little lemon juice on it !! For dessert, we had an apple cobbler a la mode !!! The crust was delicious and dense with a not too sweet apple filling, and by adding the icecream was a game changer !
Work right across the street, and PJ Clarke's is one of my favorite after work venues.  We've been getting rather tired of going to Cooperidge for our work functions.  

PJ's has an amazing selection of drinks and phenomenal happy hour specials of dollar oysters which will entice you to decimate an entire reef.  The outdoor seating is nice but a little cramped since it's right off of the street.  I've actually never eaten here but spent a considerable time in the bar area which is nice and spacious with great decor.  The servers are top notch and hospitable and friendly.  This is definitely a go to place and look forward to visit in the future.
This place is fantastic. First off, my son has food allergies- and the waiter, manager and multiple other people provided the utmost stellar service. First time in a long time that i felt he was in really good hands. 

Our waiter recommended the burger, and it probably was one of the best burgers we've ever had. My husband and daughter split the deviled eggs. I had a Caesar salad. And then we had the Buffalo wings. 

But as people around us ordered, I didn't see a meal we weren't drooling at. Honestly, think everything would have been great.
The staff couldn't have been better. Danielle & Annabella were great! They showed pride in their work & where they work. My rib-eye was excellent. They showed us around the entire restaurant, which is in the Curtis bldg.
Good service, average food, high prices. 

Went there recently on a weeknight and the space was very nice. I love the historic philly photos all around spanning many eras. The restaurant was almost entirely empty aside from a couple of folks at the bar. 

My friend had the ravioli, which I'm told were good, and I had the entree size wild mahi tacos. Did I know it was stupid to order them? Yeah, I kinda did. But they were the best sounding thing on the menu. First off, two tacos for an entree is ridiculous. Especially when they're $17. Second, while the tortillas themselves weren't exactly cold, they certainly weren't warm. I.e., semi-rigid tacos. The fish and veggies in the tacos were pretty decent though and aside from wishing there was a little more cilantro (and, once again that the tortillas were better warmed) I thought they were good on the whole. 

Afterwards I had an americano which was a little watery but decent. 

The service was good. And maybe the tacos were my fault. Perhaps it's a better spot for average American food. I wouldn't doubt it. But for now, this is what I have to go off of.
Can I give more than 5 stars? The crew here goes ABOVE AND BEYOND to ensure that your experience is outstanding. Love the ambience and the service.
Oh myyyyyyy! 
What an amazing place! 
Beautiful and cavernous in a good way!
Wonderful ambience in all rooms!
Leather booths. Inviting and cool bar areas with a gorgeous lounge!
I came here for lunch. Can't wait to have a drink here! Can't do it at lunch...

I ordered the "Cadillac" burger, which comes with double smoked country bacon, american cheese, lettuce, tomato with dill pickles on the side. I asked about their crispy brussel sprouts as an app. Was told that they are a side dish. I was considering getting the brussel sprouts on the side along with the fries that come with the burger. The waiter, Aubrey, who was kind, cool, informative and accommodating, told me that I could sub the fries for the sprouts. How bout that??!! You can sub any side dish for another. Pretty sweet! 
The burger was juicy and delicious! The brussel sprouts were about what I have experienced elsewhere, but that is a positive thing! My water was consistently filled up.
Their happy hour(they have it on weekends too-3:30-5:30!)looks great!
Another nice touch(although I didn't get her name)was when a young lady stopped by my table to ask how all was. We had a nice talk for a few mins. The bathrooms(a handful of single rooms)are very nice and are gender neutral. 

Beautiful atmosphere, great food, wonderful and attentive service!! I an others with me, will be back!
Still a 5 after I have been there numerous times with my kids and without. It's a little pricey but it always satisfies and accommodates.
Visiting friends for the holiday in Philly and decided to try PJ's as we were familiar with it from NYC.  Well, we were happily surprised.  Food was excellent, lively fun atmosphere and the staff was friendly and helpful.  We had a very enjoyable night out. Thank you PJ Clarks.
We had a wonderful experience, friendly and helpful server, great food, pleasant atmosphere, not too noisy! The trout was to die for!
We were very excited when they opened up PJ Clark's in Philadelphia after being to the one in New York City many many times. However we were in for a big disappointment: first of all they do not carry Guinness beer on draft which on itself it's already unacceptable! In addition when we order the famous shoestring fries we were given regular fries and when we asked about it we were told by our waiter that that was it. That those where shoestring fries...  we were given a table in the back in a completely boring and bland area.. none of the ambiance we were expecting...For our next Guinness fix we'll go to NYC. We are not coming back to this one!
Excellent spot near Independence Hall for dinner. This is a quiet comfortable spot where we enjoyed a good burger and local beer. We found the restaurant clean and quiet. Service was efficient and friendly. The price was a good value for the area.
Stopped for brunch randomly. Large restaurant, felt like a maze getting to the bar area. I later figured out that coming in from the other door was faster. Anyway lush interior and bar area. Friendly staff and the avocado blt looked and tasted great. My only criticisms are that the brunch menu and cocktail list are too small. The draft list was extensive so seeing only 4ish cocktails was a bummer. Same with the menu. Otherwise it was great. I'll probably stop by during dinner. The raw bar looked good
A wonderful addition to Philly's. Dining scene. The hamburgers are a delight cooked just right along with pickles. A great selection of local beers. Can't wait to return!
This place is amazing! The space and decor is so cool. The space is big and impressive. Not your typical bar and grill. It is clean and very well run. I can not say enough good things about the staff. They were fantastic and treated us like long lost friends. Our Server Charles was so friendly and professional, he knows what he is doing and is very knowledgeable. The Manager Mary was equally as friendly to us. We were there for drinks prior to our night out on the town. So glad we stopped by, it reminds us of the Original PJ's in Midtown but a bigger version and they know what there doing in this location. Sorry we did not dine there this time but plan to spend more time there when we're back in Philly. Do not pass up this place. A real Winner!
My boyfriend and I came here on a Friday night and had a perfect dinner. They're lucky in some regards that you walk past a maxfield parrish to get to the hostess, not to mention the stained glass walls, but still-- seated quickly, great work with the tin-esque drop ceilings and checkered table cloths are a nice touch. The short rib over pea purée was unreal good. He got a steak and mashed potatoes and loved it. Also had cauliflower and Brussels. Cauliflower had a mint sauce that would have maybe been better without the sharp cheese on top, but very good, and Brussels were flat out wonderful. A nice bitter negroni was perfect to cut through the fatty short rib. Thanks !!!
Service was excellent. We started with the tots.  Crispy, hot delicious!  We also had the cauliflower.  It was ok.  I had the fish tacos.  They were good but needed something.  Maybe more sauce.  I also tasted the sliders.   They were cooked perfectly. My mom had the tomato soup which came with a grilled cheese stick.  She said it was very good. Omg.  The cheesecake was creamy deliciousness! Overall, I would come back.
Awesome Food and atmosphere! Flyers were playing on a large flat screen tv in the bar.  Great fun retro bar with old pictures of Philly and others.  

The drink menu is out of this world.  Mike the bar manager has a talent for making drink recipes and the beer draft menu is always changing.  Lots of 
 Great local beer.

All of the food looked and tasted amazing. Great portions and great taste. The Brussels sprouts were so awesome! The brunch burger was perfect and the French fries were great.  

The desserts are large portions! We got the chocolate brownie Sunday and cheesecake for 7 to share.  Wee recommend this family friendly restaurant!
Valentine's day solo was GREAT 
This place had a variety of music playing, great views elegant atmosphere. My fish fell right apart!!!!!! Manager Amber and Jared helped me through my meal with obudunce of knowledge for wines that went special with my main course. They were more than amazing and on POINT. Thank you to Marvin that was dressed so nice for keeping my area clean and fresh. Over all this is my 2nd time here and I'm in love. Greatttttttttt DEALS FOR THE QUALITY AND EXPENSE OF THE FOOD!!!! TOTALLY WORTH IT. Cant wait to go back to try another dish.

Team rolls 5 STAR
Management 5 STAR 
OVER ALL 5 STARS
We did a private cocktail/dinner party for 55 on Wednesday night and it was sensational. We worked by phone with Thea and with Eileen to figure out what we really wanted to happen and it happened exactly that way. Food was great, bar was gracious and staff made everyone feel at home and welcome. Frankly, it was like having a party at home. Oh yes, we are from New York City and were having this party in a foreign city, Philadelphia. For anyone wanting to do such a party, let me aim you at P.J. Clarke's. What nice people. Final note, we stayed absolutely in budget.
Excellent food. Loved the Brunch Burger.  Brussel Sprout app was delicious.  Excellent service and great atmosphere. Will definitely go again.
I have not eaten here yet but my daughter has along with her entire class....of first graders....and 8th graders!!!  She loved the Mac and cheese and burgers and fries and had a blast!!!
This restaurant opened their doors to a local school and invited the children.  What a great neighbor!!!
We are always looking for good restaurants that are family friendly and this will be our definite go to when in old city!  Thanks PJ Clarke's!
First time here and will definitely return again.
My wife and I arrived early and had a quiet dinner for two before the Friday night crowds. Enjoyed a well made Manhattan and a nice presentation of oysters to start. The lobster roll was the best I have had in a long time. My wife enjoyed her Cadillac cheeseburger very much. Apple cobbler for dessert we shared. Our server Katrina was on point and friendly and food came out quickly.
Our visit to PJ Clarke's was amazing. Very nice, accommodating, and welcoming service. I ordered the Market Chopped Salad with Salmon and it was AMAZING. Super fresh veggies with crisp and flavorful salmon.
This place is a great restaurant! It's a chain, there are a few in nyc and possibly elsewhere? It has bar food but also classier dinner items. It's fairly priced. The waitstaff is always friendly and efficient. I've never had a bad experience here
I can not recommend this place enough. We came here on a whim while searching for reservations on the open table app and are so glad we did. We did not realize that this was a small chain restaurant and it sure did not feel like one anyways. We got there on a Saturday at 6:30 and were seated right away. We had plenty of questions about the drinks and food menu which our server Dan answered with knowledge and without hesitation. We had multiple cocktails and our drinks were never empty for long. The food was excellent and I can't wait to try more. Seriously try the tater tots, they're made in house, sprinkled with cheese and come with a spiced ketchup that's to die for.  The manager Marissa stopped by to check in on us a few times. She was also amazing, telling us about the history of PJ Clarke's and making us feel like we were welcomed into her home rather than a place she just worked. Next time you're in Philly check this place out, you won't regret it! I know we will for sure be back next time we're in the area.
Great location, nice atmosphere, good service.  Unfortunately, the Thanksgiving Dinner was a huge disaster.  Did not eat most of the appetizers or entree.  The appetizers were pumpkin soup or green bean salad.  Literally a whole bowl of oily green beans with frizzled onions, way too many many beans and too greasy.  Pumpkin soup was too rich with cream.   The turkey was the only thing that was OK, the accompaniments on the plate were inedible.  Got our desserts to go and gave them to the concierge in the lobby.  We were so hoping that this would be our go to spot since it is so convenient.  Not sure we'd go back and try their regular menu.
I just came from Pj Clarke's. It is a favorite restaurant and bar for me. The food is consistently good And the service is wonderful,Always friendly going out of their way to make sure our experience is positive
Didn't feel wanted when I arrived and while I patronized this business. 

Unsure of whether we needed to go inside or wait for hostess who looked at us and when inside. (Figured she was running in to do something real quick and would acknowledge me when she returned).  When she returned she acknowledged the couple that came after us and proceeded to tell them to come with her and ask them if they wanted to be seated inside or out.  When she returned we asked if we could be seated outside (just wanted to try the place out). 
She seated us, handed us the menu and walked away. (No enjoy your meal, your server is..., they'll be with you shortly, nothing). 
Server comes and won't approach the table. I understand we are dealing with a pandemic and there are some uncertainties but umm we were still wearing our mask at the table and she too had a mask on.  Gave her our order and tried handing her the menu to which she jumped back and said I'm not taking that. You're not supposed to have a menu, that's why there's a code on the table. Kindly, told her that she needed to let the hostess know that since she was the one who gave the menus to us.  When the server returned to take our menus she made sure to take it with a napkin. I understand wanting to be precautious but to me this was a bit extra. If you're that concerned and still have to work I get it, put gloves on then. You're grabbing plates from the back without gloves on, touching our cups from the bar without gloves on. Come on. Definitely felt some type of way. Even said to my partner, is it me or is she not responding to her other tables in the same manner?  
I was so turned off I can't even tell you what I ordered but it mostly remained on the plate because I wasn't satisfied.
You should know that I never write reviews. My 5 star review is regarding their amazing customer service. Firstly, my mom is disabled and they provided top notch service helping to assist her by holding the door for her multiple times and directing her personally to the bathroom. They did this in a respectful and friendly way!

The staff in general checked on us throughout the meal multiple times and always made us feel like VIP customers. I feel like I have not received this kind of customer service in awhile! When I nicely mentioned that the Caesar Salad was bland (ask for pepper- it has no kick), the manager came out to speak with us, gave us her business card, and even provided a complimentary dessert! Overall we had an amazing time, such great people, wonderful ambiance and a great view. While I did not try any other menu items to comment on, I look forward to doing so soon!
Awesome place to eat. The waiters so so amazing! PJ Clarkes is a historic place to be! Come here for the amazing experience!
Let me get this out of the way and say all the food we had was delicious.  I was however extremely satisfied and grateful with the service.  Everyone from the hostess to the waiter were extremely nice and accommodating!  It was our last day there and we were having lunch before catching our flight.  After walking around looking for a place we found this one and going somewhere with one 14 month old and two 20 month olds is not easy.  When we walked it I thought, "Oh great, this place is too fancy for the us to bring children." I was surprised when they sat us down in their private room and the waiter was very attentive.  It was perfect we all ate comfortably and didn't have to worry about bothering anybody else.
The food was excellent and the price was very reasonable.  There were 5 of us and we each ordered a different dinner.  Everyone of us raved about our selection. I ordered the chicken pot pie which was the best I have ever had!   Restaurant itself is very nice and bigger than you would think.  Food came out promptly so I didn't feel rushed but also had time to enjoy my dinner and get to my 8pm show.
Have been several times since I live nearby. I will recommend the burgers and fries, for which their famous. Other items not so much. Clam chowder was like licking a salt lick. Fish and chips, another of their specialities was soggy beyond belief. Shrimp cocktail, at $21.00, should be pristine. Not only weren't they, they had been soaked or sprayed with a bleaching preservative to mask the fact  that they were beyond use date. Fortunately I didn't get ill. Makes you think what else isn't as fresh as it should be. When we brought the shrimp issue up to a manager, her excuse was they were working kinks out. Freshness and careful preparation have nothing to do with working the kinks out. I emailed headquarters only to have them not reply. I sent a further email to then be told that a representative would be calling. It's 3 weeks now. No call. Customer service/ methinks not. Returning there for food/ methinks not.
We shared a special occasion on a weekday 90th birthday get together. They have lounge areas w/fantastic comfortable chairs and couches. Huge windows and high ceilings look on Rittenhouse Square that is so stimulating. Center City Philadelphia has never has looked better. About 35-40 family/friends celebrated a great life. The service was absolutely superb. From the reception staff to the servers to the barkeeps. I dig barkeeps who wear ties, it is a serious touch of class and showmanship. The food was delicious. From the delicious sliders to wings to pigs in the blanket w/pretzels, et cetera were awesome. I could go on and on. The beer was cold and the drinks were top shelf. Nothing better than walking the Rittenhouse Sq. area and popping in this beautiful watering/gathering spot. The architecture is spectacular. Come on in relax and take it all in.
We wanted P.J. Clarke's to be better than it was but nonetheless still enjoyed it. Dined inside in a back room with quite a fwindows and a cool view after asking if we could not sit in the dimmer dining area. The restaurant is very large and boasts interesting Philadelphia-related photographs and archival pieces on the walls. 

Food was pretty good. The oysters were the star of the show and their specialty. I had the chicken pot pie because I don't like seafood and decided that would be a good meal to have in the middle of June¿ It had really good flavor but took a while to cool lol. Mom had a burger which had great fries but honestly wasn't worth the price. Dad's lobster roll was good but had tomatoes which he said is not traditional to a lobster roll ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ No garnish on any of the plates either. Definitely recommend the cocktails :) and there is a hefty dark liquor selection. 

Service was fair; it was definitely SLOW which stunk. They were fairly knowledgeable but not all stars. 

The bathroom situation was weird enough for me to mention: gender neutral single stalls which is cool and progressive but there were far too few stalls for the size of restaurant so we all waited in line and made small talk. Not sure I'd go back but if you're an oyster fan then this is the spot for you- especially with $1 happy hour per oyster.
Went to PJ Clarke's on an impulse - great decision.  Atmosphere is old school at its best, food was terrific, but it was the service that separates it from other places.  Every single person that worked there looked us in the eye and made it clear they were there to make sure our lunch was a great experience.
The turkey burger was well seasoned and delicious! Slight messy but in the best way. The avocado blt was OK but the French fries and hash browns were amazing. Don't waste your time with the Caesar salad, just trust me.
Unfortunately I didn't get to go inside. Just passing by on our walking tour to Independence Hall. Will definitely add to my to-do list for next time.
This place is a neighborhood gem. cannot understand why it's never busy except in the bar area. They have phenomenal raw bar offerings. The bar area(s) are gorgeous and also include lounge area comfy seating. The entire restaurant is spectacularly gorgeous with white linen service.  Wonderful wait staff. Menu has something for everyone but  mainly American food. There are some more expensive items like the ribeye, but that is very delicious and much less expensive than the local upscale steakhouses. There are also many affordable and delicious entrees in the mid-twenties. We had incredible crab cakes totally loaded with nothing but huge chunks of solid blue crab and no filler. Very well priced. Great cocktails and wines. Fantastic steakhouse type burger options. Most delicious skinny pommes  frites fries. Excellent chopped and Caesar salad and brownie sundae for dessert. Very convenient to all historic attractions. Independence Hall next door. Located in Curtis center. Be sure to see the magnificent ceramic glass mural in the lobby. Buck a shuck happy hour. Lunch and dinner plus private dining spaces.
We had a great dinner near the bar with Dan as the server/bartender. He was very efficient and friendly, making it a fun evening. The food was delicious! We had the deviled eggs, crab dip, fish and chips, salmon and swordfish. Everything tasted amazing and was presented well. The entire staff from the food runner(Guillermo) to the manager, Clare, were awesome! Looking forward to returning! COVID precautions were  in place - Everyone wore masks, social distancing in place.
I had a very nice experience with family here. Our waiter Brian (or maybe Bryan) was great, attentive, very nice. The food was very good. Filet, skirt steak, fries, crispy onion straws, calamari, and Brussels sprouts were delicious. However, Skip the Cesar salad. Overall I will be back.
I like this place. It's huge and we ate indoors. 
Servers are great. The BBQ was awesome. Everyone enjoyed their meal- except my toddler 

The chicken fingers were nasty so I thought he was being picky.
Until my son ate it and said it was def disgusting 

I have no idea what was in the chicken fingers
Gluten free buns! Also the fry the fries in a Gf area! Great location and vibe. Beautiful building
I've never been to a nice restaurant that couldn't make a proper margarita or fried calamari until I came here.  The Patron margarita with grand marnier were so water down it was ridiculous and they charged around $15.  The calamari was over battered and salty.  You can't order drinks here unless you order food here as well.
Knowing PJ Clarke's has a wide selection of fish/non-meat items, we decided to come in for dinner around 10pm on a Friday during Lent. The space and location is absolutely beautiful. We opted to seat in the bar room, which had plenty of TVs, a long bar, and high-top and lounge seating. It seemed semi slow for a Friday night... maybe half the bar seats were taken and only a couple of the lounge sections.

For drinks, my date ordered an Allagash white and I ordered a dirty vodka martini... though I requested Tito's, $15 seemed a bit overpriced (this isn't the PJ's in New York, after all). Nonetheless, the drink was good, but I'll probably stick to wine or beer next time.

For appetizers, we started with calamari and tuna tartare tacos. Both were delicious. The calamari portion was big enough to share, and the tacos were perfect sized two-biters. For entrees, my date ordered the salmon and a side of fries, and I opted for the red snapper. The salmon was good, but a pretty small portion. The snapper was really flavorful, and the sides of bok choy, blistered tomatoes, and sauce was a great compliment to the dish. The fries were good.

Though we were stuffed, we chose to splurge and order the sour cream cheesecake, which might've been the creamiest cheesecake I've ever eaten!! We scraped the plate clean in a matter of minutes. I paired the dessert with a heavy pour of pinot noir.

Service was attentive, kind, and knowledgeable. Overall, we had a great experience and I'm somewhat surprised the current reviews on this place don't reflect that.
I wish I could give this restaurant 100 stars! Everything was absolutely incredible. From the location, to the food and drinks down to the service, it was a home run! Claire was an absolute dream to work with when coordinating our bachelorette dinner and accommodating our strict dietary needs. Hannah was our server and went above and beyond to make sure we were well taken care of. Our bride had an experience that she will never forget and it was at the hands of this great restaurant. Thank you!
The inconsistency here is the real problem. When they are open and willing to serve it's a great spot. But I've been told that they called last call at 10:30 on a Friday despite there being plenty of people at the bar. There are other places in the area that are more reliable. Disappointed overall.
We enjoyed a great dinner here earlier this month. Luckily, We were able to get a table without a reservation. Our server, Dan was our server- very friendly, fun and efficient! The busboy/food runners were great(everyone seemed to work together well. The food was awesome- I had a burger, my husband had seafood, drinks were great too! Perfect spot for outdoor seating - Looking forward to coming back! Nice, Clean restrooms too ;)
I was in Philadelphia and decided to stop in and have dinner. Very comfortable restaurant. Excellent food and good service. I would definitely recommend!!
Excellent happy hour drink and food specials. Good bar for watching sports events with very large screen TVs. 
Top notch seafood, particularly the oysters. 
Comfortable barstools and lounge seating. 
My one criticism is with regard to the menu. Early on they had an outstanding scallop dish on the menu which they have since removed. I hope they bring it back.
Hey! P J Clark's has reopened and serving great food. This is a good place for seafood dishes. The drinks are generous and you get a good pour.
They had been shut down for several months during the pandemic. If you're looking for a nice outdoor table overlooking the Independent Mall parks, this place is perfect. 
Make sure you get a table atop the patio steps.
Excellent location with outdoor seating. Food was good, service was good and attentive. Food came out quick, no delays. Tried the chicken sandwich, the three burgers, and the truffle fries. Prices were a bit steep. Went on a Sunday -- and no wait to get an outdoor table that day which was nice.
Don't bother going.   The NYC locations are 20x better.   Went on a Saturday night thinking it would be crowded and was excited for a good meal.   Ha...Food wasn't good and service was even worse.  For example, the best thing we ordered was my 10yr old kids pasta noodles with butter (not on the menu) for $12.45  NYC pricing in Philly.   Needless to say....I won't be going back there.
At 2:00 it was slow . Its 96 degrees outside I sat down and a sever refused to offer a glass of water walked by my table asked if I'm being served I said I have not been served....after 18 minutes... are you my server. He stated no someone will be with you shortly and "Dave will be serving you" I sat there for 18 minutes just wanting a glass of water and to order an appetizer . Horrible service. I was so thirsty I had to leave.
Overated. Food is terrible and pricey.
If you want to spend like this go to a real restaurant with creative dishes and chefs not a mediocre chain with poor execution booth in flavor and presentation. 
Why are desserts 10 dollars? Are they even made there? My "french" burger wasnt that french... aka not good at all. I've had better burgers at chillis. The salmon plate dissapponting.
Fish and chips horrible. Why do people like this? Grow some senses tastesless sheep.
