I hate to write this place a bad review because I come here often, they handle a really long line every day, and the employees are generally super nice. 
But, every time I place an order I don't know what the heck I'm going to get. Sometimes it's a good ol' normal sandwich. Sometimes the bacon is raw. Then it's burnt black. Sometimes the avocado is 70% brown. Sometimes the lettuce is soaking wet. Usually the entire contents of the sandwhich are on one side and I need to spread it around. This happens even when I place my order online before the rush begins, so it's not just because the store is packed. The photos posted are all from separate occasions. 

So, I'll be back because I work around the corner but I wish they'd put a little more care into presentation.
One word. Happy. The Panera experience makes me happy. I think it's because their food is hearty and warm - like their soups and warm bread. It's comforting. The colors in their space help add to the pleasant experience as well. 

I also enjoy the way they've arranged the process. You get in line to place your order and then you go to another area to pick up your food. And these are two distinct areas, not both processes happening on top of each other and customers feeling "in the way".

At this location the one design flaw that affects ordering is that there is a beam at the front of the ordering area that can be an obstruction from seeing the whole menu when you're in line. This means you can't make your decision until you actually get to the counter. And during busy lunch times that slows down the process.

However, the people taking the orders have always seemed pleasant and I've had occasions where they have totally gone above and beyond to make my experience great.
When I lived in my old place, Panera was my weekly go to place, so was super excited for this place to come into my neighborhood. But, my excitement turned quickly into disappointment.  

First, I ordered the frontega panini and cream of kitchen and rice soup. Although I'm paying 9$ for small portions of fast-food type food, I figured I'd be paying for a nice place to sit.

However, I came into a room of negative atmosphere. I came in to a pink shirted (manager, I assume?) lady ordering the workers around like servants. I saw unhappy workers having to follow this lady's every command. Unhappy workers =unhappy products. Hence, my food was sloppily made, and even tasted more sour after watching the condescending engagement between the employees.

On top of that, I came here to get some work done, but their internet was absolutely horrible. The ONE bar of internet got disconnected every 2 minutes, so I literally ended up wasting 30 minutes just trying to get set
The downfall of this Panera will be the combination of the new kiosk ordering system combined with the online rapid pickup. The volume of orders to employees is sheer madness. There will be 15 orders on the board and 4 more appearing within a few seconds. Because of the mass amount of orders, there is also issue with updating out of stock items. I've ordered ice tea 3 times now, only to find no unsweetened ice tea when I go to fill my cup. 
Rapid pickup assigns you a time and you arrive and wait another 15-20 minutes. 
The area whether food pick up occurs is jam packed with irritated people.  
Overall, it's a mess.
First time at Panera Bread and it blew my expectations away. It's a wonderful place to take friends for a late lunch or early breakfast, family friendly . I'm totally addicted to this place and I'm very excited to try all foods on the menu. I'm thrilled that they placed one In center city of Philadelphia, it's great because now my mom doesn't have to drive all the way out to Bucks Co. I am jumping up and down can't wait to go back my new chill spot after school and my new chill spot for when me and my friends go out to eat.
P.s. The food there is very reasonable I was shocked because the way they have it set up you would think that you were eating somewhere expensive ,but it's not and that's another reason why I LOVE this place so much.
This is one of the best organized, high volume Panera locations I've visited. I work in the area so I've eaten in easily a dozen times and never once had a "bad" experience. 

Sure there have been occasional days when you hit them during a rush and drinks, napkins, etc. are out of stock - but the important stuff - speed of service, friendliness, food quality - always on point. 

All in all, I call Panera "old reliable" when it comes to lunch. Plus the bread - I can't deny it - soo good.
Another disappointment.  No improvement so I have to reduce a star.  The register stills unorganized and don't know what they are doing.  Still didn't give me option to choose of bread, chips or apple.  (They suppose to ask you).  

Last time they messed up my order and no bread bowl for my friend (8pm). This time (1pm) I  asked to eat here instead they give me to go bag.  I have to eat out of a brown bag instead of the nice plates.  I have a bad day and want to sit here relax take a breath and eat salad and a panini on a nice plates at Panera bread. And I didn't get it. :-(. It makes me sad.  I usually would be ok with it but this bad Monday and add to the service here just makes me feel worst.  

I am not happy with the service still. I don't have this much problems or none at other location.  I know for sure that people will come here for food like me not for the service.  

I was hoping to walk out of here feeling better but instead I felt worst.
I Normally don't give reviews for chain restaurants but Seeing that people are giving two stars because the restaurant was busy and had limited seating is redic... 

Panera Bread across the board is solid and this new location is no different. They have a  wide assortment of sandwiches, salads, soups and deserts. In addition, they're workers are always pleasant. 

My only gripe is that their prices are a little high for what you receive but it not anything that ever keeps me from coming back.
Make sure u check for accuracy of ur orders before leaving- I was missing my drink. 

The food is ok- fast and good variety.
The soup for breadbowl was skimpy but I'll be back
No patato soup daily, only Monday and Wednesday , my daughter was not happy about that.But other wise it was good. Service was very quick and very friendly 
Very kind. Had the steak and white cheddar panini,  really good,  my goto sandwich here. 
4 STARS  for not enough seating, hard to get a seat. Try to get there around 11:30 for lunch if you want  to sit down. By 11:50 ALL the seats are full.
The only problem with Panera is that there are just too many delicious-sounding choices on the menu! It really is hard to choose when coming here for lunch, as I learned the hard way today. Luckily, you can do a "Pick 2" and get a combination of sandwiches, salads or soups to try. The turkey chili was pretty nice and the turkey avocado salad was refreshing and light. I have also picked up some fresh bread here on the weekends and have never been disappointed. Sometimes it is nice to have a chain restaurant around!
I've always been a fan of panera bread, so when this place opened up, I was so happy. Before, when I used to work in Jersey, Panera bread was my go-to spot for lunch. Although this panera isn't my go-to spot, I still love it. Service is always great - fast and friendly! Upon walking in, you will see a line, but don't let that scare you. Like I said, they are fast. 

I've had a few items here already (ranging from salads to sandwiches), but my favorite has to be the Southwest Chicken Flatbread. It's stuffed with corn, hummus, seasoned chicken, dressing, and other stuff. It's great. It has that sweet n salty mixture that makes your taste buds dance. My favorite soup is the wild rice n chicken. I'm not a big fan of watery soup, so this soup was great. Nice and thick and very flavorful. Try it, you won't regret it.

Don't forget to ask for a rewards card and register it online. They give you a free pastry if you register it. Also, by having the card, you also get coupons loaded automatically to the card.
I've literally never been to a worse Panera in my life. I would give this place 0 stars if I could! First of all, they had like 5 people in the back, but no one was moving/working so it took forever. Second of all, I got a chipotle chicken sandwich and a steak and white cheddar sandwich. They both came on normal white bread (instead of the focaccia and ciabatta it's supposed to come in) and were smaller than my finger. After waiting all that time and spending $18 for a sandwich I could've made myself, this is completely not worth it. To top it off, they don't even have a number you can call to complain. I've never had service this bad in my life. Listen to the reviews! This place is NOT WORTH IT!
What a great place to congregate with friends, or to read the day away! While Panera's food tends to be heavy on the carbs, and light on the proteins, it's a gorgeous place and they have several delicious teas that you can drink yourself a river from for hours! This is a great cafe in a rather dead part of town, outside of the times of big conventions.
Because I have been to so many Panera's in so many states, I didn't check reviews before going. This is literally the worst Panera I have ever been to. I have been to multiple Paneras in multiple states in the past couple months. The customer service here is terrible. I ordered a dine in bread bowl soup and my son ordered a sandwich. The place was not busy at all.  It took quite a while to get our food which was packaged "to-go". This was difficult because I ordered a bread bowl and the bread bowl was just placed in the bag. No bowl or plate etc. I asked for them to make it dine in but they said no because there was a convention going on in the convention center across the street. I said ok but could I at least just have a plate or bowl for my bread bowl soup? They again said no. I liked for something to put my soup in and found a to go lid. When I got back to my seat and unpacked the bag, I also noticed my son's sandwich was missing from my order. When I went back to ask for it , the staff was yelling at another man "do you want your food or your money back? In a very rude way. Then after they gave the man his food the staff all laughed and made fun of the customer as he walked away.  I was worried my bread bowl would leak. Luckily it didn't. Sadly it was so hard I couldn't even eat it.
They just opened on Monday and I'm impressed!  Clean. Efficient. Staff is wonderfully charming. So happy panera came to center city!!!!
I was really excited to try Panera for the first time and boy did it over exceed my expectations. I have to say it is better than my beloved Cosi. There are so many options especially with the 1/2 and 1/2 combo. I had the turkey on tomato basil bread with lettuce, tomato, mayo, smoked Gouda and bacon. Oh boy tomato basil bread who would of thought but it was really delicious. The half a sandwich was the perfect size. I also had the Fiji chicken salad. It was really good as well. I'm not one to eat onions in my salad but the red onion really complemented the ingredients. The salad contained dried apples, chicken, a white balsamic dressing, tomato, red onion, pecans and Gorgonzola. Overall A+ meal. I even had a lemonade and only paid $12 bucks. I say score especially with the amount of food I had gotten. I will return very soon!
Panera Bread is one of the better fast food choices. The pastries are delicious and large! The bagels are good. On Tuesdays the bagels $6.99 for a Baker's dozen (13). This is a great deal! I'm a tea drinker. I was a little disappointed because the tea wasn't strong even using 2 bags. 
Panera is a good option for lunch though. There are lots of salads, soups, and sandwiches. The salads are good. You can have them with or without chicken. I like the salad and soup combo with 1/2 a sandwich and a smaller salad. You can definitely get a healthy lunch here! 
The store was clean and spacious with booth and table seating. There's a wall of windows that let in lots of natural light.  The young man who took my order at 6:45 am was pleasant and helpful.
Needed a quick meal between my flight in and the start of the conference. The place was and still packed with people sitting and waiting. 

I was a bit hesitant but decided to give a whirl. The manager was directing people on how to get in line and place order. I choose the kiosk and self ordered and received a pager. 

It was a zoo with many people clueless. But the manager was top notch and continued to welcome a direct. Way to go!

My meal did not take long and I approached the counter with my pager. The manager called me by name as I approached saying my food was ready. Extra step and appreciated. 

While eating the women next to my was not happy with the wait. "Apparently " something was wrong with her pager. She was sitting there the same time I was. Anyway, the manager came over, apologized, said he was looking into that pager and brought them two cookies. 

Again, manager steps up!  Way to go!  Now I want a cookie. Hmmm
This is the worst Panera I have ever been to. 
Usually Panera employees are warm and friendly but the employees at this location are inattentive, slow, and honestly seem annoyed to be there. Yesterday there were at least 5-10 employees walking around doing nothing while I waited for 15 minutes for a toasted bagel that should have been ready in maybe 5 minutes. 
Today I ordered way ahead on the app and it was actually ready by the time I got there, but when I got to work and opened the bag, there was just a bagel and a knife but the butter I ordered was not there even though it was on the receipt taped to the bag. 
In the past they have also forgotten my side of bread that comes with meals a few times and although I LOVE Panera Mac and cheese, this location has given me some weird consistency Mac and and cheese that tastes like it was sitting out and reheated. 
The only reason I keep coming back here is because it's right next to work and I do really enjoy Panera food, but the service is terrible. 
If you order here, you need to give yourself ample waiting around time and make sure you check the order before you go.
Panera has a good thing going.  The clean food makes the chain appealing.

This location near the Convention center does not disappoint.  My niece had the mac and cheese kids meal. 

I tried the tomato soup and wow.. it's amazing.

My friend had the french onion soup and she loved it.

The bread is so tasty and fresh.

This location has tons of seating.   Quick service on a Saturday.

Will I be back?  Of course
Panera, thank you for coming to Center City Philadelphia. 

Summer of 2014 consisted of multiple trips to Panera - more than I can really admit. Breakfast or dinner, there was a NEED to both study and eat (with free Wi-Fi, of course!) food that wasn't too too expensive.  Panera is definitely worth going to for breakfast and the bread bowls.  I will also say that I tried my first strawberry poppyseed salad at this Panera location and thoroughly enjoyed eating it!  Because I am a commuter, I had to make sure that I caught the train at a reasonable time, and so this Panera location was perfect because the train station was located less than a block away :-)  I would suggest the bread bowls for the pure effect of feeling satisfyingly full.  But their breakfast souffles and sandwiches are also my top picks at Panera along with their brewed coffee, iced or hot, no matter what the weather is like outside.  

Please don't leave us, Panera!  Thank you!
We accidentally called the wrong location with our order for 20 people at lunch rush. All of the staff, managers, cashiers, catering and cooks pushed our order through and got us everything we needed.  They even offered us free drinks while we were waiting.  I don't have enough good things to say about their customer service. Thank you!
I've only eaten at a Panera Bread abt three times and each time I got the pumpkin squash soup. It is the best! Well, I really have nothing to compare it to, so that's not hard to beat. This last time I tried half a turkey sandwich & it was a perfect combo. This location was a nice quiet stop between work and school. I was able to get some schoolwork done, while taking an occasional peek up to people watch. The staff were very nice and atmosphere was pleasant. I'd def go back!
There are open ceiling tiles, which is HAZARDOUS! The workers were mean when you asked a simple question. Also even the kiosk fast lane took so long. Terrible Panera experience. On the waiting list there are 20 names on the board and it has not moved in 30 minutes!!!! DO NOT COME HERE!!!!! There is a panera 2 miles away definitely go there, not here!
I come here often because I'm in the area, they have good sandwiches, cookies and I like the self serve soda and lemonade fountain.  I think the price is about what I'd pay at an Au Bon Pain, and the quality is comparable- kind of fast food that I enjoy because it's better quality than McDonald's and tasty food!  I tried the grilled cheese, which was good, gooey and yummy.  I like the lemon drop cookie a little better than the raspberry one but they both satisfy my sweet tooth.  I think I've had the tomato soup before which is good.  

I do wish that there were more cashiers at this location, the line gets really backed up quickly.  Some cashiers are very friendly and others could be more helpful and welcoming.  Either way, it's a good, somewhat cheap, somewhat quick stop for lunch when you're in a hurry and don't want to pay a lot, good location.  I'll probably be back...
It's Panera bread so you kinda already know what to expect from a cafe chain. If you're not familiar with Panera, think Cosi. I'm actually a little disappointed with this location. Since their opening weeks, I constantly feel that I'm getting skimped on ingredients. My favorite sandwich is the tomato and mozzarella panini. With each visit I've been given progressively greener tomatoes (may not be so bad if that's your thing) and smaller chunks of cheese for a whole sandwich. On my last visit, I essentially had green tomatoes and bread! This is compared to other locations that give me adequately ripened tomatoes with cheese enough to cover most of my sandwich. Despite my premature panini experience, those love-handle-making bagels have been good enough to make me forget my name. Maybe not, but it freaking always gives me temporary amnesia about the skimped ingredients in my panini. Damn you Cinnamon Crunch!
I had great service today.  Greeted when entered the store, fast friendly service.  Clean restaurant.  Just what you would expect from this chain
I'm out in Philly for a volleyball tournament, so there are a lot of us players with their families trying to eat close to the convention center. The lines were long, yet their costumer service and accessibility to registers were phenomenal. Looking at all the people waiting in front of me, I could only presume the food would take a little while to be prepared. On the contrary, the order screen was helpful for the anticipation of when our food would be ready. All in all, we didn't wait long at all and the food was very good and filling. I recommend the chicken tortellini, it's a very universal.
I ordered a roasted turkey BLT and it was tasty. I also suggest signing up for a free MyPanera card because you can earn some useful rewards. I recently got one for a free bagel every day this month, which is pretty cool. We went during lunch time, so it was pretty crowded. Overall, nice customer service and we didn't have to wait long for our order.
Don't get me wrong, I love Panera but boy was I disappointed. Look at this photo - there is only half a tablespoon of chicken salad in this sandwich. And it cost me $10. This might be the end of me a Panera.
My love of carbs translates directly into my love for Panera. 

I always look in awe at the array of breads on display when I walk in, making me feel like a child in the toy aisle. My favorites are the bread bowls, ESPECIALLY the butternut squash soup! I love it so much that I want to subtract a star from my review because Panera only serves it seasonally (in the fall) and thus, depriving me of my butternut squash through the long winter months when I desperately want it the most! 

However, I still think it deserves full ratings for the excellent service, clean environment, quality food, and great prices! It's fitting for so many occasions, whether you want to work alone for an afternoon (although sometimes when it's busy, it can be tricky finding an empty outlet) or enjoying meals with a large group. 

Hurrah for carbs! Hurrah for Panera!
I use rapid pick up - or have used it a handful of times in the past.- I don't know that I will continue. There is ALWAYS something missing. A pastry, the baguette, or this time- my entire breakfast sandwich!!!!! When I said something I wasn't met with an apology- not from the worker or the manager who she told. They stood their talking. They didn't tell me they were working on it bc I was in a rush- hence the rapid pick up- and when I asked I was met with a sour attitude. Please improve this cafe! I usually love panera and their service. This location is seriously lacking on customer service when it comes to rapid pick up!
The main reason I visit here is the French baguette..so hot and fresh. 
Creamy tomato soup and medditerriean veggie sandwich half - perfect size and taste!
I LOVE panera- it is my go-to healthy road-trip food. Normally 5 stars for healthy and conscious foods and quick service, but this one was WAY TOO crowded when I first went. The flower show was going on and they did a great job of trying to get everyone their food but the crowding did it for me. As a local, I probably won't be returning to this location TOO often, but its very convenient if you are at the convention center.
Whenever I order from the app, it's always ready and the food is always fresh and made right. I love it there.
Very good bagels. The cinnamon crunch is the best because it has crunchy cinnamon sugar on the outside especially after being toasted. The orange scone is highly recommended. The cinnamon bun is huge and very inviting
Could not be more happy to see a Panera hit Center City! The place is new and I think that they're off to a really great start. Everything was fresh and service was great
Very friendly. Good service . Good is great/can be a bit pricey though. Soups are delicious . Salads good but limited choices.
Haven't considered myself much of a Panera-holic (that most likely stems from the one time my dad brought me home a tuna sandwich from there and the tuna didn't taste quite right--apparently they put pickles in their tuna salad which didn't exactly please my palate) UNTIL some friends and I went for dinner at this location one evening before a show we were attending.  My faith in Panera was restored when I came upon the holy grail--mac and cheese in a bread bowl!  I also ordered a bottled drink and a cookie for dessert; however, once I went to pick up my order, I was notified that the bottled drink I chose had been discontinued but was kindly offered a different selection at no additional charge.  I was grateful for that and settled on a regular fountain drink.  Overall, my experience at this Panera was good and I would definitely return!
Nice Panera and convenient location.  However, when we were picking up our tuna sandwich from the counter, the manager Jack told off the staff for putting too much tuna!  Said they spent too much last month on tuna and they were to it no more than one level spoon!  Bit off-putting to have someone be a tuna Nazi about your food in front of you as you're picking it up !   Also, beware - your sandwiches from this Panera will be more bread and waaaay less protein than you might expect. Lessons in how to hurt a great franchise!  I will say though that the rest of the staff were very nice.
My first time ordering from a tablet @ Panera didn't go as smooth as I would have liked. Seems like a good idea, skip the long line,  place your order, pay, and wait for your pager to go off.  It wasn't too difficult, but people and their impatient sighs when u double check your order cam be annoying. 
  So Panera didn't haved Asiago cheese bagels that day which is what I went in for, so I ordered the tomato soup in a  bread bowl. It was delicious and quality as usual. I also liked The addition of croutons.The only problem I had is that the tablet didn't allow or ask what I wanted for a side so I ended up with a side of bread for my bread bowl... Bread on top of bread on top of bread. I would have loved a  apple, or chips, or anything other than more bread... 
  next time ill just wait  in  line because humans can say would u like an apple or chips with that. Or even how about something to drink with that half a loaf of bread we're about to serve u
So excited there is a Panera in the city now!! Good location, but also near a touristy spot so it gets crowded!
Placed a catering order from this Panera 2 days beforehand for a company breakfast. Scheduled a morning delivery for some breakfast sandwiches. The day of, about an hour before, I get a phone call from an employee saying that they don't have enough bagels to complete the order the way I had wanted it & they were completely wiped out of plain bagels form this morning (mind you, this is 9 am) I'm sorry, what?! This is why I placed the order in advance. The employees should have made sure that the bagels were left aside for the order. No excuses.

Totally unacceptable and it's unfortunate that I'll stop ordering from there from now on.
I just left this location and I am furious! I was in a rush, but I wanted a breakfast sandwich, so I decided to stop against my better judgement (I had a home made parfait in my bag).

There was no one at the counter when I came in, so I used the kiosk. Not a huge deal in my option because that is what they are there for. My issue is my order was completely wrong! I didn't even notice until I was a block away and I didn't have time to turn back.
I intentionally selected, "customize" so I wouldn't run into the issue that I did! My order was simple; Everything bagel, with bacon, American cheese and Gouda cheese.....that's it! Instead, I received a bacon, egg, and ham on an Everything bagel with NO cheese.
Then I thought, "whatever, I'll just take the egg off and deal with it."  But to add insult to injury, the bagel was GREEN on the other side!!!!!
Complete waste of my money.
the food was average, what can i say, its another panera, but i love love love the location. additionally, the vibes and the interior design gives the place a nice homey feel. if you've never tried panera bread before, this is a great location to try.
Panera bread is like the perfect place to go when you don't want to eat something heavy in oil or meats and at the same time don't want to spend a crazy amount of money. I personally love get the half/half, of a sandwich and soup. I really love their sandwiches because they always have something sweet inside them to contrast the taste of the meat, like apples for example. Their soups are all amazing, so you have to give all of them a shot. Download their app so you can order on the go, and you end up receiving amazing offers to keep bringing you back. I once got a month full of free bagels for breakfast. LOVE LOVE LOVE
Very fast service, super clean eat-in, friendly staff, great place for a quick lunch bite. I even liked their coffee, and I'm super picky!
Standard Panera experience. Quick, good food, clean. Music is on so it's a good place to work still but be aware in case you need to be on work calls
The food is good and it's still a good place for a fast, relatively healthy meal. Unfortunately, the prices are really getting high. I spent about $12 on a half salad/half sandwich combo (no drink).

Overall, it's a good space especially if you need WiFi, the employees are friendly, and the food comes out relatively quickly. I just feel like for a quick meal it's costing more than it should.
I've been to Panera bread many many times and this was by far the worst experience ever. First it took 25 minutes to get my order. When I went to get my food I noticed my order was wrong. I said to the manager Willard, " My order is wrong, I ordered toasted honey wheat bread and chips.".
He said to me, we don't have chips and we ran out of wheat bread. No apology, he did not ask if I wanted another substitution, he just proceed to fill other peoples orders.
I then noticed my sandwich had no avocado!

It was very bad service.

They had also run out of bread bowls so my boyfriend had to go to the burger place next door. 

I feel if you run out of stuff you should let me know, apologize or offer something else in place of it.
FOOD POISONING!

i am a frequent visitor to this location and almost every time i go here my order is messed up. So this time i decided to Dine in.

And the order was messed up AGAIN! 

But i just told them to change it.

But after i told them that- i could taste something weird in my food- like it was a bit old/stale. I ignored it thinking its just me. I wish i hadn't

I am writing this sitting in the restroom at 4 am cause i have already puked twice and gone to the restroom 4 times in the past 2 hours.

I will be complaining to the health and safety first thing in the morning. Screw these guys!
This Panera is right across the street from Reading Terminal Market. It's a pretty standard Panera with lots of table space, and it's relatively clean, too. Right when somebody leaves, an employee is there right away to wipe down the table. All the employees I've interacted with are also super nice and attentive. Unfortunately, the coffee I got this time was lukewarm and didn't have as much hazelnut flavor that I'm used to. Still, this location is great and I love getting the cinnamon crunch bagel with honey walnut cream cheese!
Love Panera! They had a nice express lane that you could order on your own.  Meal was ready fast and tasted great. Thank you!
This Panera location is subpar at best.

I've been here twice in the last two weeks.

When I ordered from the kiosk I noticed that customers that placed orders at the register after I ordered were getting their food before me.

Each time I've been here I've overheard the employees loudly having inappropriate conversations at work. One employee complained loudly that customers were ordering lunch items during breakfast.

The time's that I spoken to employees, they were consistently rude and unhelpful.

You should come here if you're okay with bad customer service, your order being made wrong, and waiting too long to get your order.
