I haven't had a bad meal in Philly since.. it's been awhile. We had high hopes. Easy menu, pastas, can't go wrong there, right? Wrong. 

We sat at 6pm. Server came right up to us. Needed a minute to look over the drink menu. And then 20+ minutes later the server came back. We should have known how the rest of the meal was going to go. We put drinks and dishes we wanted on order. Thought this was a good move. Another 25+ minutes go by, we're searching, looking, have we been forgotten about? Everyone else around us seemed fine. The server at the next table over noticed us. Asked if we ordered yet, told him and he went to find our stuff. Comes back with our drinks & cheese plate!

Cheese plate was great. Always love a truffle honey and fresh fruit, good crostinis too. And then we wait again.. even longer. 

35+ minutes later? So the table next to us,  came in later, got their app at the same time we did, and by the time our unexciting pasta dishes came out they were done eating steaks.  I had stopped a GM asking if he could go check on our food and it just came out and he was like oh! All you had to do was ask! And laughed. I wasn't laughing. I got my espresso martini with dinner because I didn't want to wait another 40 minutes for it.  And it sucks because it was a good espresso martini and I'm not thinking about coming back. 

Pasta was boring as heck and over priced. Not worth it.
At Panorama it's always wine-o-clock and I was just on time for some good libations.

Came here on a Monday night and it was comfortably intimate without many patrons but not completely deserted.

Located in Old City inside the Penn's View Hotel - it's a great location right by the water. The parking situation was easy - found street parking just a block away! There's decent signage of both the hotel and the wine bar so it was easy to find. Inside you're greeted by the concierge desk and the bar is to the right, where we were readily seated once inside.

The wine list is EXPANSIVE so it did take us a bit to go through it all and make a selection. We both chose wine flights which is always fun and allows you to try a bit of everything. The waitress was very pleasant (and patient) with us and waited while we made our selections. 

I went with the Tuscan collection of 5 wines - a mix of Merlots, Cabernets, and blends. The selection was decent. I can't say I was a fan of all the tastings, but a few were enjoyable. I think the Sangiovese blend was the standout overall. 

The mood inside is subdued, with plush couches and elegant lighting. It definitely is for a crowd that's not looking to rage, but rather sit and enjoy wine with select company. There is also food on the menu, but we didn't try any of it so unable to offer an opinion.

It is on the pricier side given we just paid for wine but I think it's to attract a certain crowd. Not sure if the wine itself is worth the extra bucks, but the ambiance helps makes the sticker price more convincing. 

The service was great, from the readily available seating, to the attention that our table received from the waitress. They were quick with the service as well as helping us pick our tastings. 

I know they have a happy hour menu so would love to check that out. Looking forward to more visits!
I waited far too many years to revisit Panorama. The first thing that struck me when I walked in was how beautiful the restaurant is. The remodel was a huge improvement over the decor I remember from my last visit about 8 years ago. The first thing I noticed about the menus was the extensive wine menu. The list was overwhelming,  and I don't know much about wine, so I started with a cocktail. I had a sunset margarita, and I was happy with my choice of this elevated version of a classic margarita. My appetizer was an off menu special. It was a bread with mushroom toppings. I'm not a big fan of mushrooms but it was a tasty dish. For my dinner I had the Rigatoni for my pasta and Vela loin for my meat course. Both were outstanding. The Rigatoni was covered with a wild boar meat sauce. It was Sooo delicious. The veal was perfectly cooked, tender and juicy. Although I didnt taste the salmon entree, just looking at it made my mouth water. And the word I got was that it tastes as good as it looked. Service throughout was impeccable.  Since it was someone's birthday, we were treated to champagne and a dessert to share. An awesome surprise. It was some kind of light cake. Since I was already stuffed I thought I would just taste it. But it was too good to just taste. I had to take part in devouring it. 

I'm so happy to report that Panorama is another 5 star restaurant in Old City! I'm looking forward to repeat visits. I won't wait 8 years between visits this time.
Wow, Yelpers did not steer me wrong with Ristorante Panorama.  This restaurant is A-M-A-Z-I-N-G.  Five stars from me, but I am only giving it 4 (really 4.5) because others in my group weren't so in love.

You can't go wrong with any of the pasta dishes.  The pasta is fresh, and oh so good.  The duck ragout was so flavorful as was the lobster ravioli.  

One member of my group had the Chilean Sea Bass that came over a bed of escarole with a puttanesca sauce and she proclaimed it the "best she has ever had."  Folks, this means a lot.  She is the ultra critic when it comes to restaurants.  She loved it so much, she proceeded to finish the sauce after the fish was gone!

The one downside for the food seemed to be the meat.  One person in my party had the rack of lamb which he said wasn't the best cut of meat and it was cooked more than his requested medium rare.  Another person had the veal chop, which he said was good but could have been seasoned better.  Fortunately both of the meat eaters had pasta as an appetizer.

Cannolis for dessert were good as was the expresso.

The service was top notch all around, and the space itself is really nice.  Be sure to check out the wine cellar when you visit the bathrooms downstairs.  This looks like a great spot to have a private dinner or party.  I will be back!
After much talk about Panorama, I finally got to experience it last night. My girlfriend is something of an oenophile, so she mainly told me all about the wine selection and presentation. I think it's important to say right up front that while Panorama may be a wine bar, the food here is outstanding as well. 

Since I'm a white wine guy lately (especially in the summer heat), I ordered a white flight, the Blendalicious. I was delighted to see the iron tree that held the five wine glasses--much cooler than a tray. I liked being able to try a selection of wines that I probably wouldn't normally order, and I found that two of the five were definitely worth a second try.

Foodwise, we started with the orechiette with shrimp and calamari, which was quite tasty and cooked perfectly al dente. For the main course, I ordered the Chilean sea bass. I love sea bass, and I've eaten a lot of it in my life. Poached and then sauteed with a slightly garlicky butter sauce, this one was among the best. Dessert was poached pear with mascarpone and hazelnuts, paired with a glass of zingy moscato. It was all divine. I'm torn between wanting to go back for more of the same and wanting to try the other eight or so dishes on the menu that looked mouth-wateringly good (not to mention more wine). 

I should also give a shout out to our waiter, Sean, who put up with my smart-ass remarks all night (I was in one of those silly moods), gamely discussed nicknames for absinthe (but failed to settle a bet we had going on the subject) and debated the relevance of Miss Manners in modern society. My girlfriend thinks he should've talked about the wine more, but I think that's probably my fault for distracting him.
How could I not have reviewed this place already? It's one of the best places in Philly for a great glass of wine, simply because you can try out basically anything you want. And their flights? Sooooo fine. You can take a grape-y trip around the world without even leaving your seat. 

The food and service are also excellent, but I always get made fun of when we go because I always order the same thing. Hey, I'm a girl who knows what she likes, and this girl likes her some lobster ravioli.

And wine. Lots and lots of sweet, sweet wine.
Panorama was quite the beautiful, romantic Italian restaurant hidden on Front St. On a cold rainy night, it was a perfect night out. They serve up some wonderful Italian fare by staying away from your typical marinara sauces and pizza. The service was quite impeccable - the waitress knew her dishes inside and out (and she convinced us to try everything!) and the sommelier was extremely (and I mean EXTREMELY) knowledgeable about the wine selection and pairing. The experience alone of dining with Panorama was absolutely flawless.

Now to the most important part, the meal. Overall the appetizers and pastas were delicious, but the main courses didn't blow me away (maybe because I was already full?).  

The Burrata was comparable to what I've had in Europe. It was fresh, full of flavor, and so nice and soft of the inside too! They paired with a wonderful fresh, baked focaccia bread. Definitely worth ordering The Hen of the Woods Mushrooms were good, but lacked flavor. Even just a little salt would have helped. Order the polpetta... just do it. It a savory meatball that is totally different than anything I've had before.

I hate gnocchi, but I love Panorama's gnocchi gorgonzola. The pasta was fresh with a super light, whipped filling and the dish was a play on a pear and gorgonzola salad... it was different and well done. The Crespelle was like a manicotti and filled with lobster and crab.. you can't go wrong. The pastas are so fresh, light and flavorful that I could honestly just go back for those!

We then ordered the chicken and scallops. The chicken was okay, it was chewy and nothing extraordinary. My husband loved the scallops, but I wasn't too big of a fan, but then again, I was also super full.

The tiramisu budino is definitely a specialty. They drizzle a caramel espresso on top of the light tiramisu filling that gives it a strong coffee flavor.

Overall the meal was great. The service was even better. The wine pairing made the meal absolutely perfect. The chef is going a great job bringing real, fresh Italian food to the city.
As far as I'm concerned, Panorama is the best Italian restaurant in Philadelphia. It has, however, lost the top overall spot to Amada. 

Panorama's best dish is their Pappardell con Salsa di Anitra -- and they are so confident in it that they put the recipe on their website.

The food at some other Italian restaurants in the city (L'Angolo, Le Virtu, Osteria) may rival the menu here but what puts Panorama over the top is the wine list and flight options. I love sampling new wines and the wide selection here makes for a new experience with each visit.
Can't weigh in on the food at Panorama, but wino that I am, you know I can flap my lips about the wine list. 

Panorama is one of the few places in the city with an enourmous cruvinet system.  This is basically a case with dozens of open wine bottles with little tubes running out of their necks that connect to a tap.  The whole case is injected with inert gas (usually nitrogen)  which keeps oxygen off the wine and prevents nasty oxidation. 

The upshot of the cruvinet is Panorama can offer literally hundreds of wines by the glass, and you get to taste things you couldn't afford to buy a bottle of normally. 

After much debating and reading the extensive wine list, the bartender offered us tastes a few things we were interested in.  My friend got two different Amarones, and selected a flight of Bordeaux for me.   I believe this was $32, and was five glasses of the different regions and various crus of the Bordeaux appelation.    

Each glass in the flight looked like it was between 2 and 3 ounces.  I was very satisfied with the selection and it helped me clarify which wines appealed to me and others, not so much.  

The room was also very beautiful, with rich colors, a huge mural on the back wall, and heavy wooden furniture.  Looked like a good place to take a date.
*** CONTINUED ***

Scallops [$27]
Pan-seared scallops, swiss chard, orange-braised turnip, caper zabaglione 

Another standout from the night was the scallop dish. You can always count on the GF to order it if it's on the menu and I'm so glad she did. These bivalves were expertly cooked, with a salty sear that contrasted nicely with the innate sweetness of the scallops. The slightly bitter turnips were tempered by a braise with orange juice and offered up some complexity to each bite. But the true star of the dish? The interplay between the wonderfully braised swiss chard and that stellar caper zabaglione. It offered up a sweet richness that helped to support the scallops. Get this dish!

Braciola [$29]
Veal skirt steak, parsley, garlic, Parmigiano, porcini genovese, broccolini 

Not to be outdone, the braciola here is incredibly tender and savory. The garlic is slow roasted and complements the earthy porcini sauce well, with the broccolini providing some levity to each bite and the roasted tomatoes offering up some acid. The meat lover in you will be satiated!

And with our mains just served and our wine flights not entirely drained, Wine Director Bill Eccleston sent out three additional glasses to enjoy. There's that famiglia sense of hospitality!

Limoncello Cheesecake Semifreddo [$9]
Pizelle "Sandwich," basil dolce 

The GF had her eye on the pizelle sandwich and her sweet tooth could not be denied. The light semifreddo had the tart essence of limoncello, sandwiched between two crisp pizelle cookies. The perfect palate cleanser to close out the meal.

Tiramisu Affogato Budino [$9]
Banana mascarpone, lady fingers, espresso caramel, walnut 

But of course, the kitchen sent out their budino, which was clearly special. Drowned in an espresso caramel, the banana mascarpone was subtly sweet and creamy, sitting atop a pat of crisped, buttered lady fingers, with bits of walnut offering texture throughout. Rich, decadent, and a showstopper.

To truly end our night, Bill brought out some digestifs to round out the meal. I enjoy a more bitter route and he selected the perfect one for me - Amaro Dell'Erborista. The floral nose belies a bright, bitter, and herbal finish. I might need to pick up a bottle beyond just my usual fernet branca!

A softer route for the GF came in the form of vermouth. Alessio Chinato had a nice interplay between sweet and bitter, with a finish that was lengthy and enjoyable. 
I have to say that service was beyond reproach - I mean it seems like such a simple thing, but how often are your desserts served on a cold plate? Should be standard, but few and far between.

So if you're looking to enjoy Italian beyond just the typical Southern style marinaras, Panorama has got you covered, and then some. If you're looking for a date night to venture into or expand your knowledge of wine, Panorama can clearly take you on a flight (pun intended!). Highly recommend stopping by - I know I'll be back.
Ok, so those of you who know me know that I am an absolute wine geek...so coming to Panorama, with their 120-glass list, was a dream come true.  Well, it should have been.  

The wines by the flight are really nice.  I did the big and bold flight that had 5 glasses (1.5 oz pours) of mostly expensive italian wines (barolo, brunello, amarone, a priorat and a cabernet).  I think it was $55.  Not bad and the wines were each really nice.  

That's pretty much where the greatness stopped.  We also had a bottle of 1996 Pio Cesare barolo (~$70 retail if you can find it...$175 on the list).  That was a decent bottle at an outrageous mark up.  

The food...left much to be desired.  The meats were all overcooked.  The sides were uninspired and the pastas we tried were average (to slightly above average compared to other Italian places in the city).  

I'd go back for wine but not food.
I'll let you decide if this is a far review. 14 of our 19 meals weren't fully cooked. 8 were chicken dishes and 6 were veal. Those that were chicken were still pink inside. Unacceptable for a high end restaurant demanding top dollar. Manager took $200 off our $1200 bill. Now will wait to see if we get salmonella poisoning. Symptoms of salmonellosis are diarrhea, fever, and abdominal cramps. Usually takes 12 to 72 hours after infection, and the illness usually lasts 4 to 7 days. 

Never not eat raw uncooked foods until they are well done. Use a meat thermometer to be sure foods are cooked to a safe temperature. Do not use the color of the meat (such as when it is no longer "pink") to tell you that it is done.

Whomever prepared these meals should be fire.
I encourage you NOT patronize Panorama restaurant right now until they get their act together. I would not normally do this. Especially under the current circumstances and with family also in the restaurant business BUT, we can not let the staff's demeaning behavior coupled with sub-par service and even worse food go.

I have NEVER had such and unpleasant, uncomfortable, embarrassing, demeaning, experience at a restaurant with inedible food EVER! Listen, we eat out multiple times a week, all over, and all types of food and NEVER complain. If we don't like something, we will try something different the next time, or never go back. But, when we wait 20 minutes for drinks; another 1/2 hour for appetizers that included undercooked, partially translucent fried calamari, and a Caesar salad with literally no dressing, something needs to be said. We left almost all of the calamari on the plate with no acknowledgement from any staff member to only wait, at a minimum, another 50 minutes for our entrees that consisted of burnt (black) gnocchi and marinara in a small ramekin, soupy spaghetti cacio e pepe, and a dry 4 oz. piece of sea bass with (three) mini turnips on a plate at the price point of $36. When we brought these issues, including there not being any vegetable or starch to accompany the fish to the attention of the female manager we had to stop abruptly while she was rushing through the dining room, we received the reply: "Well sir, after all that is a premium fish."  To which my husband replied: "I'm a chef and if your chef thinks this is a premium quality, tell your chef it's dry." She left to go to the kitchen only to return to snarkly inquire where he's currently a chef. We were so confused what that had anything to do with this situation. To have a "manager" handle a situation in the front of the house in a full dining room looking on is totally unacceptable!  No one ever came back to the table and I literally had to flag a busser down to request the check.  Then a totally different person had at our table in a matter of 2 minutes. 

We personally handed the server who quickly stopped at our table as we were leaving a more than 20% tip put money to cover the bill in the folder and walked out. Never an apology. Never a suggestion to prepare something else. Nothing.

To have every table in the room who sat after us receiving apps and entrees before us and to be spoken to by a professional in such an unprofessional manner to us, the customer, is totally unacceptable.  We even noticed another table in our room was dropped wine glasses and a bottle of wine that noone opened!

This is one experience I will not excuse and will never frequent Panorama again. They do not appreciate their guests and I informed all 15 or so customers of this fact on my way out.

After a $250 dinner (which we barely ate), we had to pick up burgers on the way home.
I went here for restaurant week and was not disappointed. The interior is beautiful and a perfect date spot. It doesn't feel lIke a hotel restaurant at all. 

They let you pick from their entire menu for restaurant week which was such an added bonus! For $35, you get a 3 course meal and while the portions are small, I was stuffed afterwards.

1st course: Half portion of Cacio e Pepe. The first time I had this was in Italy so I was excited that they had this on their menu. It was good, but nothing to rave about.

2nd course: Salmon with capers and rapini. This was their fish of the day special and I'm so glad I tried it. It was delicious! The salmon was perfectly cooked. 

3rd course: Torta di Rocotta which is ricotta cake topped with warm caramel, apple butter and vanilla ice cream. Definitely one of my favorite desserts! 

They have an extensive wine list and offer various wine flights. I got the Blankety-Blank Blancs wine flight which included of 5 different Sauvignon Blancs (1.5 oz pour). The presentation was unique and all the wines were delicious. I would've like to try another flight but it's pricey. My flight was $37 which is the average wine flight price and not worth it in my opinion. 

Service was good and food was brought out pretty fast. I would definitely recommend eating here but skip the wine flights and order a bottle instead.
I was here on a double date the other weekend and we had a great experience.  One word of advice I would give is to stick to the apps and small plates - those are out of this world - but the main courses and pasta are just meh. 
The atmosphere is warm and cozy for a winter dinner, it felt really nice but not too stuffy.  The service was attentive and quick but not overbearing and our waiter really knew his way around the expansive wine list (a true feat given how long their list is!). 
Speaking of the wine list... its huge, one of the best and longest I've seen in the city.  We all started out with one of the wine flights, though they're on the pricey side they do not skimp on the amount they give you at all.  We finished with some glasses and some bottles of wine we liked off of the flights and the best part is that we came away having tried and loved wines we hadn't tried before. 
We shared a ton of apps and some pasta dishes.  The apps were all wonderful, tasty and well done! I'd specifically recommend the tuna carpaccio, the burrata, the octopus and the shrimp! All the starters were very good.  The pastas look amazing and we ordered 2 to share but neither lived up to our expectations and were kind of bland.  I'd say skip the pasta! We didn't try the main courses though they did sound really good! 
Overall a very nice experience, I truly think the best way to do it is to go for the wine and to share a lot of of the smaller plates!
If you're looking for a fancy venue that can accommodate large groups but is still intimate, look no further!! Came here for a birthday dinner with a group of 8 people, and had a marvelous time. The venue is dim but spacious, groups are seated far enough such that the overall feel is very intimate. The service was amazing - the wait staff was very pleasant and checked in with us just the right amount. They provided champagne on the house and brought out my friend's dessert with a candle, all of this without our request! I really appreciated their thoughtfulness.

I love that they have wine flights available - for $20-$50 you can sample 5 different wines for a fraction of the cost! I'd suggest getting 1 flight for 2 people to share, unless you're a heavyweight ;)

The food was delicious, very representative of classic Italian cuisine. For appetizers, we ordered the Calamari Fritti and the homemade Burrata to share. There's definitely enough to go around, even in a group of 8. They also give each person a slice of focaccia-like bread with pesto to start. For the main course, you can get a full entree or 2 half entrees, great for those of us who can never pick just one! I'd 100% recommend the Gnocchi Pomodoro, a great vegetarian option - it very rich and topped with fried, breaded, melted cheese, definitely the most popular entree of the night. Some of my friends ordered the Pappardelle Cinghiale (pasta w/ boar bolognese), Paccheri All'Amatriciana (pasta w/ lamb pancetta), scallops, and Crespelle (crepe stuffed w/ lobster and crab) and they all enjoyed their entrees - no one left their plates empty!

For dessert, we ordered almost everything on the menu like true dessert fiends. The best dessert of the night BY FAR was the Tiramisu Affogato Budino. It was a soft, fluffy tiramisu with a hint of banana, topped with a salted caramel coffee sauce that was decadent, yet light. I'm always a fan of something that satisfies my sweet tooth without being cloyingly sweet, and this definitely did the trick! The Bombolini was a popular order, but to be honest we were a bit disappointed by the 4 small donut holes that arrived. However, the chocolate hazelnut sauce (AKA more liquid nutella) was great for dipping. PRO-TIP: pour some black coffee into the remnants of your sauce for an instant hazelnut mocha! The Torta Cioccolato was VERY rich, great for hardcore chocolate fans - it amounted to slices of dark chocolate interspersed with a rich mousse and chocolate covered cherries. I'd definitely recommend sharing the torta, because you'll definitely feel sweeted-out after a few bites. I didn't personally try the Limoncello Cheesecake Semifreddo, but it looked like a fancy limoncello ice cream sandwich and my friend enjoyed it immensely.

Had such a great experience at Panorama, I'd definitely recommend for those of you looking for a fancy night out! Worth the price for an intimate experience, excellent service, and amazing food.
I somehow felt very special dining here amazing food and wine.  My husband was totally out of his element, if it ain't Wendys or McDonalds...pitiful...its a good thing he's fine...but I digress...

My husband got a trio of different pasta which was light and flavorful....it did not come from a box!

My appetizer was perfection which consisted of mussels.  And the bread with the pesto oil was all I needed to send me over the top!  But wait, There is more!!!   My entree was the Parpenelle Pasta with the Duck Ragu.  The pasta again was very light and the Duck Ragu which was in a rich hearty gravy that made you feel like you were in a small rustic village in Italy....and I know because I've been to small rustic villages in Italy.

Let me tell you about the FLIGHTS OF WINE!  YES!!!  Wine of every kind from everywhere situated on a spiral tier and you try them....I flew  back to Italy....wonderful....

I couldn't resist taking some ricotta cheesecake home...it was wonderful...
I read a review where someone wrote that the waiters where somewhat robotic....good word for a few of them but our main server...not the girl that explained the specials to us...our server was warm and helpful.

This is my new favorite place!!!
GO FOR A DRINK...AVOID THE APATHETIC STAFF, MEDIOCRE FOOD...AND POOR SERVICE.
If you are looking for a lively bar and a choice of many wines by the glass - stop in for a drink...if you are looking to stay for dinner - think again.
We went to Panorama for my mom's birthday on October 7th.  After having a cocktail at the bar, we were seated at a very nice corner table.  Nice was over at that point.  We ordered a great bottle of Brunello.  The waiter deposited it at our table and came  back 15 minutes later to open the bottle.  I would have expected it to be decanted as well...didn't happen.  The waiter not once came back to pour another glass.
We had some appetizers to share.  They were mediocre.  My octopus as cold.  Nearly 2 hours in - our meals finally arrived....no one was hungry by then and the chicken arrived...COLD.
The waiter couldn't have been any more UNATTENTIVE....never apologized.  We asked to speak to the manager but he never came over to the table - apparently he wanted to remain in the bar area.  The restaurant offered to buy us dessert...are you kidding?  We sent our meals back, paid for the wine and appetizers...hand wrote "NOTHING" on the tip line and bolted for home.  We won't be back...ever.  It's not necessarily that something goes wrong...it's often how management and staff deal with a poor experience...and frankly this is no way to deal with a poor experience. 
Looking for a fine experience in Philadelphia...look elsewhere and you don't have to go far... there as so many other much better restaurants nearby.
I went to Panorama last night for a pre-birthday celebration with friends for the first time. I read the reviews from Drink Philly and wanted to try out the restaurant. I want to say that the food and the wine was great. I love the idea of wine on tap. 

Yes we sat at the bar and the service from the bartender (male) made the experience horrible. The bartender was not friendly, not social or not attentive to my group (6 people). He did suggest the bottle of French wine and beer but very condescending. 

I recommend some sensitivity training to customers who are new to the restaurant. This person is not a good fit for the ambiance of the restaurant.   

I would come back but not at the bar and it will be a while.
Great wine bar!

I went on my first date with my current girlfriend here. It was quite nice. It was a Friday night so it was actually not very crowded at all. Service was very good but there were very few of us at the bar so I guess we couldn't really be overseen. The wine list was actually pretty good. Having been to all the wine meccas of the world the selection was pretty good. A very nice selection for the red or white wine lover. Great place for a fist date too!

Bottom line; Great place to take a date. Great selection and its quite enough to have a good conversation.
120 wines on their cruvinet system...wines on tap are never wrong
Wine flights to try ones you might not otherwise ever try
Amazing service and Cool atmosphere
Should make a reservation if going on the weekend

- Calamari with orange WOW!
- Gluten free pasta with pesto (can use GF noodles with other dishes as well)
- Flourless cake thick like fudge and totally amazing
- Gnocchi from what I hear was the best they have ever had
- 1/2 orders are available and if you get appetizers it is a perfect amount
- The "special plates" that the server tells you about seem to be a little smaller in portion 

I found out about this place because I went to a Yelp Elite event here and I can tell you that I was not disappointed when I went back. This is officially one of my favorite restaurants in the city, what a hidden gem!
The evening started off well with a very yummy moscato sangria that i've since tried to imitate at home on numerous occasions (and with rave reviews)...  The beet salad was also beautiful and hit the spot... so, where did the stars go down to 2?  well, it's from the disappointment of the inability of the chef to cook raw pasta.  The ravioli that we got as an appetizer was mushy and that was a preview of what was to come with the pasta.  The pasta was stuck together and clumpy and was like eating a big mush.  I gave the extra star for the drink and the beet salad.  It's really too bad because the place had good service and the ambience was comfortable.  It's really a shame that the chef doesn't know how to prepare pasta...
Well this place is not where you expect it to be. The ambiance is lovely inside and the service is professional. The wine list is amazing. The decor is pleasant with clean lines in a minimalist style. The food; the beet salad was superb, the lamb exquisite, the veg beautiful and the steak good but not melt in your mouth...
Love them for restaurant week. It leaves more room in my budget for the wine. I am a big fan of the big and bold flight, which comes in around $55.

You can't go wrong with any of the fresh pastas. My favorite is the triangolini (I know that's not spelled right, but is the small triangle ones.) Its one of the few times that the pasta out shined the other ingredients in the dish.
I always try to visit a place at least twice before writing a reiew for reasons just like this.  So my first visit to Panorama I was blown away... would have easily given 5 stars... I was raving about it any chance I got, I felt the food was amazing, the service was great, ambiance was nice the only thing I would have posted as a negative was that the dessert was teeny... It was during restaurant week and they had their entire menu open, but now that I think about it even then we had ordered things in addition so may be why we didn't notice the beyond small portions. But would have been a raving review none the less... so fast forward over a year later it's RW again, we wanted go somewhere we would not feel rushed and have a great meal, why not come back here... I honestly wished we hadn't.. I would have loved to keep this fantastic memory of my first time at Panorama... however I went back this week and was disappointed from the moment we arrived. We walked in and there was no one there another diner had actually went into the dining area looking for someone, finally a hostess arrived and seated us. So it seems the first time we went we were seated in the lobby which is actually nice and spacious... we were seated in the dining area which was a bit tight, I was up against a glass partition where I had a view of behind the bar. I wish I had actually been paying attention when they were making my drink cause idk what they put in it but it definitely wasn't what it should have been it was HORRIBLE... so bad.. and I would have normally sent it back but I was already insulted by the waiter once and I really just wanted to eat and be out, had I known the food wasn't going to meet up to the level I was expected I would have just cut my losses there. So when we ordered we both went with the steak... the waiter took or order and started to walk away so I asked does the chef only prepare the steak one way, he says kind of, well he won't do any well done, he absolutely will not cook a well done steak... ok but there are a number of other temperatures why the comment about well done, that's not how I eat my steak anyway.. so I said well that's fine we don't eat our steak well done, but u didn't not ask us our temperature preference nor tell us the chef prepares such and such way is that ok? Well from there service was not great, no apology nothing.. the drink was horrible, the portions were tiny... and the food mediocre... did I mention the portions were tiny? I get that it's RW but seriously I shouldn't leave unsatisfied. If I participate, I tend to pick places that open the entire menu, to get a true representation of the restaurant... I understand giving smaller portions but the way it was explained if you select from a certain section it would be a half portion, from another was full portion... I ordered from the section for a full portion and when the plate arrive all I could think of was what in the world does the 1/2 portion look like . I questioned if I was being a little harsh although it's all honest, but shortly after my visit I went to another restaurant during RW who just got it so right that it just left an even more bitter taste in my mouth.  I'm just extremely disappointed in my 2nd visit, so much so that I will not return, there are too many other deserving restaurants that are easier to find in Philly & Jersey.
We had dinner at Panorama tonight for my friend's birthday. The dining room is nice with a warm feel.  The bar is up front and there are tables in two different dining rooms. The ambiance is sweet...calm with mellow music playing and candles on the table. I appreciated that we could enjoy our meal as well as easy conversation.

We all ordered wine flights and the server left the menu on the table so we could follow which bottle we were drinking from. We all ordered the cab flight and the wine didn't disappoint. 

We started by ordering the fried calamari fritti and beet salad to share. Our server forgot to put the order in for our appetizers but the evening was redeemed when the manager apologized for the over sight and brought our previously forgotten appetizers and said there would be no charge. It was disappointing to not receive our appetizers with our wine, but I appreciated how the over sight was handled. The calamari was fried perfectly and tasted fresh with a broccoli rob pesto. 

My friend and I ordered the duck with goat ricotta polenta, salt-roasted beets, huckleberry mostarda. The duck was cooked very well and the salt-roasted beets added a nice flavor to each bite. My other friend ordered crespelle, lobster & crab filled crepe, lobster sugo, basil hollandaise while the other friend ordered chitarra: clams, lump crab, white wine, parsley. They both were pleased with their meal.

We ended the meal by sharing the tiramasu affagoto budino, soaked in espresso caramel and the limencello cheesecake semifreddo which was a pizzelle sandwich with creamy lemon inside. Both were delicious.

Although our time was spent in the dining room, the bar seemed lovely and the wine selection superb. 

Over all the experience was good. The meal wasn't rushed and we were able to take our time and linger. Our server was very kind and eager to please but dropped the ball a few times. The food was tasty and the atmosphere pleasant.
Very elegant and delicious Italian restaurant in Old City! Loved the experience and would be happy to come back. Came in to celebrate a family birthday, and they give you all glasses of Prosecco to start off the meal!

Atmosphere: A bit on the darker side, but very well-suited for an intimate meal, or fancy celebration dinner! The servers were very professional. The noise level also wasn't crazy - you could have a conversation across a table of 5-6 without straining your voice, which I liked. The only strange thing was that they had 1 bathroom with 1 stall for women - given how spacious the restaurant is, that was a tad surprising.

Food: They start off with bread & pesto as an appetizer. I highly recommend trying the pastas - my boyfriend comes from an Italian background, and said all the pastas tasted homemade & had the right type of texture he looks for. He loved the tortellini with burrata - said he could order multiple of the same dish. The salmon / their fish of the day was cooked incredibly - perfectly crispy skin!! If only I could make salmon like that myself!! All the pasta dishes we tried - tortellini, rigatoni, chitarra / clams - were highly praised. 

Overall: 5/5 - would definitely come back & makes it on my list of top Italian restaurants in Philly. What a lovely atmosphere, paired with incredible pastas!
Impressed by the extensive wine selection and wines on tap! The wine flights are fun and a great way to try different wines; $5 off during happy hour! However, probably not somewhere I would frequent often for just a drink though as the bar seating is relatively limited and the ambience a bit too fancy for a casual drink. However, great place to enjoy wine on a special occasion.
I have always wanted to try this place since I moved into the neighborhood. Was walking by with my dog and noticed the lamp light out front was broken in the street as I passed by. Employees were out front and I asked if someone had hit it just concerned for them and the neighborhood. The girl that seemed like the host turned around and told me "no people were making out in it" and another one in black, I'm assuming a waitress said "no someone was humping on it". Seriously? Maybe to you I was stupid but I was just concerned and your place went from a must try to a stay away place. 0 points for customer service and can't even imagine being in there knowing how nice they are trying to be so you can just tip them well.
Hubs and I went here tonight with two other couples during Restaurant Week. It surprised me that we had our choice of the menu, as usually restaurants offer a limited menu during Restaurant Week. There wasn't a bad dish to be had. Because one of the men in our group knows the owner, we were started off with complimentary plates: the first, lightly breaded calamari with a most delicious marinara sauce, and proscuitto, parmesan cheese slices and green olives on the other. For my appetizer, I chose the funghi con proscuitto --Exotic mushrooms sautéed in olive oil with garlic and prosciutto in a polenta cup with taleggio cheese sauce. It was awesome! Hubby had the spinach salad and we both thought it was the best spinach salad he had ever had. I chose the Vitello Mandolese--Thinly pounded veal medallions stuffed with prosciutto and fresh mozzarella in a sauce of porcini mushrooms and homemade truffled butter. I cannot begin to tell you how amazing this dish was. Hubby had the Filetto di Manzo--pan-seared 8oz filet mignon topped with melted homemade truffled butter--so tender and seasoned perfectly. Others in the group also had the filet mignon and some others had sauteéd lamb chops in Madeira wine sauce flavored with mint butter, served with fingerling potatoes; and thin veal medallions sautéed with house roasted red peppers, black olives, onion and white wine. Most of the dishes came with roasted potatoes and either broccoli, green beans or asparagas. Everyone said the same thing - "This is delicious!" I had the tiramisu for dessert; hubby had the cannoli. Others had chocolate cheese cake (a special); chocolate ice cream; profiteroles; and sorbet. We had several glasses of wine and not a complaint could be heard all night long. Well, except for the coffee. That was our only complaint. Four of us ordered decaf coffee and it was not good. It actually tasted watered down to us--all four of us! The restaurant is a tad pricey but with food this good, who cares?
I actually joined Yelp to share my experience because I didn't want anyone to spend money to be disappointed like I was. 
I had heard great things about Panorama so I made reservations for Valentines Day a month in advance. 
When my boyfriend and I arrived we were seated at a table for 2, where a chair is on one side and a bench is on the other. I took the bench side not realizing I was sitting in a large crack between two cushions and any attempt to move ot one side or another put me uncomfortable close to someone else. 
But the larger problem- its a big day and a big night for a restaurant. I expected to be somewhat rushed out- and made plans to meet up with friends after accordingly. 
Big Mistake. 
I will keep this short- our server was slow, unhelpful, and almost downright rude. 
I asked for advice on the 150 wines by the glass (please recommend a cab) and he said "all the wine is good"
My boyfriend asked what the difference between half and full plate was, trying to get a general idea which one I should get and the server says "i dont know the ounces. full plate is bigger" (Gee thanks)
I ordered gnocchi which was heavy, and flavorless. My boyfriend ordered tortellini with peas because I wanted to try it. Instead he was given lobster ravioli (I am allergic to seafood) and as no one came over to check on us after our food was delivered, and we were hungry, he ate half. He couldnt even finish it because he said it was awful, and tasted like bad crab meat. 
We both left more than half our food untouched, and when we finally alerted the server, he came back and offered us the pasta orginally ordered, or dessert. 
We declined both, and asked for the check. 40 minutes later and after asking 2 more times we finally got it- with the lobster ravioloi on it even though it was much more expensive than what my boyfriend ordered. 
We just paid it- we had been there for so long we just wanted to leave. 
The manager did inquire when we were leaving as to how things were and I told him.
His response? Here is my card, come back and I will take care of you. 
No thank you. why would I come spend MORE money here when everything was awful.
This restaurant for 20 plus years served very classy Italian food
They updated and changed the menu.
It is now NOT Italian, not classic, and way overpriced...
Where have you gone old Panorama????
I do like this place for their Friday night wine tastings. The featured wines are good as well as the food they serve with it . A good deal for 25.00 . BUT I find some of the people that work here disturbing . They lack customer service and conversation skill. They failed with me over the phone when I called for information.The female on the phone acted like I was interrupting her day .Now I know customers asks silly questions but after 37 years in the business of answering  those types of questions there is a way  to do it without insulting or offending.Because I co-organize  a very large meetup  group do I want my members to have a great experience at a wine tasting but I'm going to think twice before I consider this place. Food five stars, Customer service three.
My good friends know that I am a "wine geek." So, when I heard that a restaurant just around the corner from where I lived had the world's largest continuous cruvinet system in the world, you know I had to check it out. 

What is a cruvinet? Well, dear beloved Philly beer drinkers, it is like having over 300 beers on tap, only instead of beer, it is open bottles of wine where the air does not touch the wine and thus turn it to vinegar. You get a glass of wine in it's optimal condition, just as God intended.

Their wine selection spans the globe taking you on a viticultural tour one perfect glass at a time. If this were not enough to keep this wine curious fan enthralled, Panorama also offers flights (of 5 different glasses of wine) to train one's palate. Although, I believe the best deal here is their "Friday Night Flights." If you sign up online (see the restaurant's website) and purchase ahead of time, for $25 you get to taste 5-7 wines with a selection of appetizers to compliment the wines being featured. Unlike Panorama's standard flights which are only 1 oz. pours, in my experience these glasses can be more like a 3 oz. pour or more, so you are really getting your money's worth in just the wine, while gaining a nice education. With this much alcohol flowing, taking notes is highly suggested.

Last night, my boyfriend surprised me by suggesting instead of the happy hour we initially planned to partake in, that we go ahead and stay for dinner. We shared a full order of their Tagliatelle con Funghi e Granchio (Tagliatelle noodles with wild mushrooms and crab). It was a delicious dish. Note though on portions: The full order is not a huge American sized dish of pasta, but a much more managable size. If your intent is to order the Secondi of meat or fish, order the half order so as to have room for dessert. If you have a healthy appetite the full order and the Secondi is perfect. Since both of us had a couple of appetizers and bread, splitting the full size pasta was a bit on the skimpy side for me. (I guess I have a heartier appetite).

The food, the wines, the knowledgeable staff and servers make this restaurant this secret gem you think twice about telling your friends for fear that it'll be ruined somehow. Still, if you are like me and often find yourself swilling less than stellar wine in this beer centric town, head to Panorama and rejoice with your fellow wine lovers.
This bill was $300 for four people.  Which wouldn't be so bad...had it been worth the price.  The wine flights were good and had an interesting presentation.  The lobster ravioli's and the egglant appetizers were bland.  The beet salad was also bland.  I ordered the parpadelle with duck - and it was like salty meat on noodles.  The noodles were good...but, it wasn't worth the price.  My husband ordered the filet it was bland.  My mother in law ordered the fish special, branzio, and it was pretty good.  We ordered cheesecake and it was boring.  I just don't get the good reviews about this place - based on food.  The service was impeccable.  The environment was nice.  There are just too many other great italian restaurants in Philly, to return here.
I was very disappointed with cold and chewy calamari and a tasteless entree. We were a party of 6. The service was excellent, but the food needs to be tasted before served
My wife and I stayed at the Penns View hotel and met with some friends for a night out on the town.  We arrived on a Thursday night and decided to stop in at the Panorama for drinks and appetizers.  I ordered two flights of red wine and my wife and her firmed ordered two flights of white wine.  We ordered the Antipasto and also an order of the Tuna  Carpaccio.  

Let me start out by saying our server, Rodney, was fantastic.  He had a great personality and answered all our questions.  Most restaurants would dream to have an employee like him.  Our first wine flight came out promptly and Rodney pointed out each wine in order.  Our appetizers followed in a very timely manner without feeling like we were rushed or delayed.  The antipasto was well balanced with olives, prosciutto, mozzarella, sharp provolone and many other tasty additions along with a nice crispy rounds.  The tuna carpaccio was very fresh and lightly topped with micro greens.  This is easily one of my favorite restaurants in south Philly.  The hotel is a hidden gem and the location is within walking distance of the pier as well has many other interesting food and beverage places.
**note: definitely worth traveling 35min each way**

--

If a restaurant experience were only about the food, Ristorante Panorama would get,  hands down, a no brainer, five-star review. I've been there a few times, and the food has been perfectly executed each and every time. I don't know who their chef is, and I'm surprised about that because he or she is really very talented. 

We started with antipasto for the table, and it was very yummy. There are many succulent items that come on (with?) the antipasto, but I would order it again just for the roasted red peppers, which were definitely the best I've had in a long time. The peppers are delicately seasoned and have the perfect amount of caramelization that gives the faintest hint of char. Honestly, I could eat a bowl full. 

Next, I had a half order of gnocchi. This dish is made up of 1/2 potato, 1/2 ricotta gnocchi and served with smoked mozzarella and San Marzano tomatoes. Every pillow is a little piece of Italian heaven. 

Of our entrees, the two that really stood out were: 1) Poached Bronzino, and 2) Stuffed Veal Medallions. The flavor of the Bronzino is to die for, but the best part was the execution. The fish was ever so perfectly cooked (see love note about chef, supra). It's 8:23 A.M., two days later, and I'm still thinking about how good it was... only wish I had ordered it. Thankfully, I had the Veal, which was also top notch. 

Sadly, I have to dock the restaurant a star because the front of the house managers, while professional and excellently reactive, lack the inherent gift / talent for service that all great managers have. That is, the ability that allows great managers to be courageously proactive in managing their guests experiences. My problem, and I hate to even call it that because it was adequately addressed after I brought it up, stems from the EXCESSIVE use of flash photography by a large, rowdy table directly in the center of the dining room. I believe this group of women - the number of which, I want to say, was about 20 - were, like our party, celebrating the birthday of one of their members. So, a few pictures - although I find the practice horrid myself - is to be expected. But, from the moment that all of their guests arrived, for a solid 15 minutes thereafter - until I had to ask the manager to address the problem - there was an almost constant battery of flashes - think one every 10 seconds -  going off in every direction. Not to mention, members of their party were mulling about posing for pictures and being extra rowdy. It was IMPOSSIBLE not to be distracted by their garishness. 

A GREAT front of the house manager would have seen this behavior as unacceptable and proactively taken steps to address the situation immediately. Sadly, Ristorante only has GOOD front of the house managers, who - once I accosted them, and I'm sorry about my tone - took care of the situation. I can't help but think that the lack of proactivity stems from a lack of confidence in the mission / vision of the establishment itself. At some point, to be truly great, an establishment has to say, "This is the kind of place that we are," and carry that mission / vision forward - proactively. Like they say, before someone else can love you, you have to love yourself.  

So, I leave it at that. Ristorante is on the cusp of 5-Stardom. The choice is really up to them; unlike so many other places, they have all the tools at their ready. When they decide that allowing one table to act as if that table has complete dominion of the dining room at the expense of all the other tables until one of the other tables must complain is an unacceptable practice, I will gladly revise my review upward. Until then, Ristorante is the best of the very good restaurants in Philadelphia.
Post raving about an awesome yelp event here, my boyfriend took me here for my birthday dinner- which was nothing short of awesome.  The inside of this place is gorgeous.  Exposed stone, nice art, low lighting, etc.

The food was phenomenal- we shared a meat and cheese plate app, got the gnocchi (every other gnocchi you ever have will pale in comparison), boyfriend got a pork dish with broccoli rabe (the name escapes me), and had tiramisu that was really decadent.  I was stuck on wine which was all on point- dining partner also ordered a cocktail that was very strong but good.

The only thing that made it broke this 5 star experience was the service.  It was SO slow!  Don't get me wrong, I thoroughly enjoyed having a long & lovely birthday dinner, but if I came here on any old Friday and was in the restaurant for nearly 3 hours (yes, this is real) and not expecting to allot that much time, I'd be upset.   Also, parking around the area can be brutal.  Just pay for a garage or take the train if it's an option.
We've been to Panorama three times, and I don't hesitate to hit them with five stars.  Funny thing is each experience was completely different, but all very good ones.  The Yelp event here last year was phenomenal, and shame on me for not putting up a review after it.  They held nothing back, and the food and wine were incredible.

Our second visit was stellar again, but relatively uneventful.  It always seems to be a great place to go on First Friday when you don't want to deal with big crowds.  I think this place deals with two types of patrons:  locals who want great wine and upscale Italian food and guests of the Inn who have no idea what to expect.

The third time was a charm, and I want to start by saying the barkeep who just passed his sommelier's test was probably the best I've ever encountered.  He was friendly, knew how to keep his distance, made perfect recommendations when asked, and turned a 20 minute drink stop into an hour and a half wine tasting mission.  There's a trick to discounting to encourage more purchases, and this guy was a master.  If you go, ask him to make you his Italian egg cream creation that is not on the menu...wow!  Also, the stuffed pastas are not to be missed, and you will not find better half priced wine and appetizers at any happy hour in the city.
I had an absolutely awesome dining experience at Panorama in Old City! This wine bar is like no other--- from the food to the wine selection, it was all perfect. I highly recommend ordering their flight of wine. I tried their rose flight and loved each tasting. The price of the plates are in line with their high quality. The burrata appetizer is a must order. It's made in house and is filled with goat cheese. Also recommend the tuna carpaccio. Their cacio e pepe tasted like mac and cheese--- was DELICIOUS!!!! I would go back just for that dish! Panorama is a must when in the Old City area. Wonderful restaurant!
Went for restaurant week and was disappointed.   Ordered steak medium rare and it came well done.  Hard to fault the kitchen as it was so thin it would be hard to cook to order unless you like well done.  Clams and pasta came with 4 small clams and pasta overcooked.  Service was good.  Pleasant  ambiance.
Just went to panorama for the first time for Valentine's Day yesterday and you would think for a $60 pp prix fixe meal it would be amazing. Unfortunately, it was just "ok" we left still feeling hungry. They did bare minimum effort. The bottle of wine we ordered was sold out, we never got table side bread, no sides with the main entree. What did $60 per person get us? A disappointing Valentine's Day. Our check came out to close to $300. My husband and I are big foodies and wine goers, we will not be coming back.
It's Restaurant Week --- that means you can feast on some fantastic food delivered with great service (without breaking the bank)...or at least that's what we expected.

Usually, a restaurant may lose some points either on the quality of food or service, but Panorama was memorable for a different reason --- unimpressive food AND unwelcoming service.

Here's a breakdown of the service:
a) Ordering food: My party and I had a few questions about the food on the menu. At first, we thought our waiter's unpleasant disposition was maybe a result of a misunderstanding or miscommunication in our order. But as the evening unraveled, his body language gave us the feeling like he might have preferred to serve a different table. Passive-aggressive and standoffish.
b) The focaccia bread was served. One of my friends received a piece that tasted a bit stale. So we asked our waiter for a new plate...and repeated ourselves no less than 3 times, he clarified once right before he left the table, and then returned to the table to clarify once more. Was it difficult to understand that we needed a different piece of bread?
c) Receiving our check: We sent off our credit cards with the bill. Our bill was returned...except without our credit cards. I got up to find our waiter to explain the situation. One of the hostesses told me to return to my seat and she would get our waiter. I did just that. A gentleman, who seemed to be the manager, came over to receive our check to which we explained that our credit cards were missing. He called our waiter over and our waiter walked off without the slightest acknowledgment that perhaps he had made a mistake. When our waiter came back with our check, this time with the credit cards, he wished us a good evening. Was it too much to expect some sort of apology here? The environment was uncomfortable and we felt almost like the fault was passed off unto us.

Here's the breakdown of the food:
a) Bread with pesto. The focaccia was soft and the pesto very fresh and flavorful. At least if you didn't get a piece that wasn't stale.
b) Antipasti/Pasta Half-Plate.
Warm burrata. Probably the only memorable dish of the evening. A silky, soft, creamy inside oozing from fresh, chilled buffalo mozzarella. 
Polpetta. The wagyu beef was tender and plated above ricotta pie. The meatball was seasoned well but had a chalky texture.
Chitarra. The blue crab sugo salty, the clams sandy, the chitarra pasta overcooked.
c) Main course.
Veal Tenderloin. Meat flavorless, but tender (would be surprised if they messed that up).
NY Strip. Steak's temperature and seasoning was good, but the whipped potatoes tasted like instant mash.
Duck Breast. Two of us ordered the same plate at the same temperature, but the meat was cooked to two different temperatures. One was slightly rarer and awfully chewy; one was slightly well and underseasoned. Perhaps the fingerling was the only thing that worked.
d) Dessert. Not good enough to redeem the evening.
Cheesecake. The consistency made it taste more like pound cake. The dolce di latte topping in contrast with the grapefruit did not mix well.
Rhum Baba. Um...where was the rum? Also, too sweet.
Pera Al Vino. The anjou pear with the moscato sauce was an interesting interpretation. Can't decide whether it was a good or bad interesting.
Tiramisu Affogato. My favorite dessert of the evening. Just the right combo of sweet, creamy, and caramel/coffee.

I really hope that this particular meal was an anomaly and not representative of the general dining experience at Panorama. At a high price point (other than during RW), you come with high expectations for food and service. But I (and my company) sure felt shortchanged across the board. Can't say that I will find myself dining here again.
This is an outstanding northern Italian restaurant on the lobby level of Penn's View Hotel, with one of the best wine bars in the city.  The menu features regional variations of pasta, veal, and chicken dishes, as well as fresh fish.  The homemade lobster ravioli is an excellent first course; light thin pasta leaves bulging with seasoned seafood and ricotta in a delicate tomato cream sauce.  The escargot appetizer is a unique invention, the snails sauted in olive oil, garlic, tomato, and hot red pepper.  All the pasta dishes are outstanding.  My favorite veal is the paesano - fine veal medallions layered with prosciutto, provolone cheese, and roasted peppers.  The veal chop; butterflied, coated with breadcrumbs and fried, is another variation of a traditional dish.  The desserts are all made in house; the tiramisu is exceptional, as are the profiteroles.  Needless to say, the wine list is overwhelming.  The service is efficient and friendly.  The dining room is comfortably elegant, with well spaced tables.  This is a restaurant for special occasions, or to bring your out of town guests.  Be aware that the prices are on the high side for Philadelphia.
My girlfriend and I ate here on Valentine's Day 2014. We walked in, and both liked the look of the restaurant, as well as the music playing. Our waiter told us about the different wines they have, so my girlfriend and I both decided to get a flight of wines each. This was really neat, but probably the only thing we ended up liking about the restaurant. The restaurant had a "Valentine's Day Special" which was an appetizer, main course, and dessert for $40 a person.

I ordered the escargot for my appetizer, which was bland. I'm never one to add salt and pepper to all my food, but i had to add something to that to give it flavor. After we were finished our appetizers, it took pretty long for someone to come get our plates. We had someone refill our waters a couple times over the course of the dinner, but the water service seemed to stop near the end.

We waited, and waited and waited for our main course. We were enjoying the wine flights and didn't really mind that much that we were waiting so long for our main course. I went out to my car and got our Valentine's Day gifts for each other so we could exchange gifts while we waited for the main course to come out. A little while after we exchanged gifts, the food finally came. I ordered the veal stuffed with cheese (veal mandolese I think it was called?). This was bland and the texture was kind of chewy. My girlfriend ordered the noodles and tiger shrimp, and this was not good either. The noodles were clumped together and the shrimp barely had any flavor. 

By the time we finished our main course, we were at the restaurant for 2 hours already (from when we sat down at our table, to when we finished the main course). No one came to collect our plates for a while. No one came to ask how everything was for a while until finally the waiter came and asked what we wanted for dessert. I ordered the "mixed sliced fresh fruit and berries" which was just chunks of cantaloupe and honeydew, with a few slices of strawberries. By the time we got our dessert, we asked for the check right away, because it was already 3 hours since we sat down. I am not lying, we were there for 3 hours (which is fine if you willingly want to sit around at a restaurant and take your time, but not if it's involuntarily).

My girlfriend and I have never complained to a waiter or manager at all our dinner dates we've been to over the past year. She decided to say something to the waiter, and to the manager (when he came around at the end of our 3 hour dinner to ask how everything was). He apologized and said there was something wrong with the computer system for orders? He also offered us limoncello shots on the house, which we denied but he brought them anyway, and those were good.

We decided we won't go back again. I don't know if they were understaffed with servers and kitchen workers, but we did not like the food nor the service. I regretted taking her there for our Valentine's Day dinner.
Took my husband here for his birthday during restaurant week. It was a lovely experience. The dinning area in the wine bar was cozy and romantic. For my first course I had the gnocchi and it was everything gnocchi should be. 2nd course was pork tenderloin in an amazing sauce! It was one of the best I have tasted. 3rd course was a ricotta cheesecake. It was so so. We also had a flight of wine and it was nice to sample and pair different wines with our meal. All in all it was an excellent dinning experience and I would defiantly be going back.
Despite the fact the crowd seemed to be on the older side, I enjoyed this place because we tried so many flights. Panorama is the only restaurant where I've seen and tried flights in Philly. The two of us tried 17 different kinds of wine - 5 from the pinot flight, 5 from the latin loves flight (malbecs, cabs, merlot), 5 from the california cabs flight, and 2 ports to go along with our dessert. We ordered a meat plate as well, but I honestly don't remember how it tasted because I was so enamored by all the reds we were trying.

Oh, and be sure to sit in the bar part of the restaurant versus the restaurant part - it's just a lot more casual and less stuffy.
Small portions. No direction from the waiter on the huge wine selection. mushroom appetizer tasted like fish. gnocchi light and fluffy but the sauce was smokey and lacked flavor. The pork was the size of deck of cards. thank god for the sweets at the end we all had room for that. not that much care given to us and the waitress who brought us the wine could barely open it -- she blamed it on her wine opener. Hmmm ... my husband liked his lobster ravioli. Should have gone to Dante and Luigi's or Ralph's. After seeing these other reviews I feel like Debbie Downer.
We were big fans of The Panorama of yester-year. We decided to give the revamped Panorama a spin and unfortunately, it leaves a lot to be desired.

We came here for a special occasion with a large party and were severely disappointed in several aspects of the meal.

First, it seemed like our waiter lost interest in our party when we declined to order wine. Our water and iced tea glasses were empty for 20-30 minutes at a time and were only filled when we flagged someone else down (not our waiter) and specifically asked for refills. After each course was delivered, our waiter declined to stop by to ask how things were (spoiler alert: many of our entrees came out cold). Our waiter also rolled his eyes and scoffed when my grandmother asked if burrata was a type of fish. I get it.... burrata is really trendy right now and most people know what it is. Being a foodie, I even thought it was a little funny myself, but this is a nearly 90 year old woman we're talking about here... As a waiter, you're supposed to make your guests feel welcome, and rolling your eyes and scoffing at their questions does anything but that. We were also scoffed at when we asked for a second piece of their delicious bread w/ pesto sauce. *Gasp* the nerve of us to want more than one piece of bread.

Second, we had to wait over an hour after our appetizers were finished for our entrees to be served, without any type of explanation. And when they finally came out, several entrees were cold. I'm not a shy person, so I usually would've sent mine back, but our waiter didn't bother to stop by to ask. And quite frankly, when you're nearly 2 hours into an experience that you really aren't enjoying all that much, you kind just want it to end / to get the hell out of there.

Third, the pricing is just a little bit egregious. $14 gets you a single meatball as an appetizer. $18 gets you an octopus salad that has MAYBE an ounce or two of octopus. A couple people in my party ordered a side of plain pasta w/ red sauce with their entree (the side of pasta was "off the menu") and were charged $14 each... which is even more than an appetizer-sized portion of their lobster and crab pasta or their lamb-filled tortellini. That is ridiculous.

But the pièce de résistance was charging $43 to cut and serve a birthday cake my grandmother had brought from home after being told on the phone there would be a "small serving fee". (Side note: if you know anyone who is willing to pay $43 for someone to cut and serve them a birthday cake, please send them my way!)

Some of the food was actually pretty tasty. Other than my  tortellini being cold and actually being tortelloni (you'd expect an Italian restaurant established in 1990 to know the difference), it had excellent flavor. 

But the prices, horrible service, and pretentious attitude were more than enough to detract from the tasty food and ensure I won't be coming back. 

You can do a lot better for Italian in Philly.
Terrible bartender- she was rude ignoring me and my husband. We sat at the bar fir 15 minutes, she kept talking to other customers. I guess it was her friends. We just left.
I've heard great things about this place and have been wanting to try it for quite some time. Came here last night for my birthday dinner and was not disappointed. The ambiance makes for a nice romantic dinner and our server was wonderful. We started with the arugula salad and agnolotti (pasta was homemade -nothing beats that in my opinion). For main dishes we had the flank steak - so tender and delicious and they had soft shell crab as a special. I love soft shell crabs and they did not disappoint. Every bite was fantastic. My only regret is that I was too full for dessert! Will definitely done here again.
Disappointed. Booked a lunch here for restaurant week but did not end up eating. We arrived at the restaurant just a few minutes after our 2:00 reservation time due to traffic and were told our table was being cleared. When we were finally seated 30 minutes later (at a table that been open since we got there), our server informed us that we could no longer be served the restaurant week menu since it was now after 2:30, when the kitchen switches over. We asked to speak to a manager, since our reservation time was clearly within the window for the special menu. The manager returned to our table and, instead of addressing our situation, again handed us menus and informed us everything would be regular price. 

I have no issue with the kitchen changing over at a set time. I have an issue however with the fact that the two menus were identical. The restaurant simply was upcharging us for the same food. 

Once we had seen the service (not to mention the aged interior of the restaurant) we weren't really interested in staying for a meal we'd now pay 3 times as much for. Thanks, but no thanks.
Came here for restaurant week--might be the most bang for you buck fall RW 2021!

You can get pasta as an APPETIZER for RW menu!!!! I really enjoyed my rigatoni (the noodles are so big though), but my friend who got the mushrooms (highly recommended by Yelp + great presentation) says his appetizer was also a top contender. Because of the pasta, I didn't really have room for my pork tenderloin main course. However, it still tasted good when reheated the next day. I ended with the ricotta cheesecake dessert which was alright. I liked the taste but didn't like how soggy the bread was from the ricotta. 

Overall, I found the pasta & pork tenderloin yummy but on the saltier side (needed a lot of water). Also, the service was extremely slow but I'm assuming it was because of restaurant week orders....?
Made a Mother's Day Reservation. Menu was limited and expensive. Bread was not fresh, and a single slice was offered. Ceasar Salad greens were fresh, but the salad was barely dressed, and completely lackluster. Then we waited 45 minutes for the main course. Finally I was informed that they were out of the pasta I had ordered. The Braciola was OK, but not great. Waiter forgot my wine. I won't go back.
We heard so much hype about this restaurant and we were staying right next door at the Penn's View Hotel so we tried it on a Saturday night. We made reservations for 6 pm, and were sat right away, and then we were ignored. No one came over to our table for 15 minutes, and then it was just to offer us water. We had to ask for a menu. We also had to ask if anyone was assigned to our table. Another person came over to ask if we wanted drinks and we ordered drinks. We watched the bartender make our drinks and they sat for another 10 minutes before someone grabbed them. Mind you the restaurant was not busy yet. Finally our waitress came over and seemed annoyed. It literally was "what can I get you" and she was gone. The food was okay. Nothing special. We had to request the check from someone passing by. From the time we sat until we left (and we left as soon as we finished eating) it was an hour and a half. We don't live in Philadelphia, but if we did we certainly would not go here again. Very disappointing.
Had high hopes but was not impressed. Under-poured my $28 wine flight, chicken was like rubber, duck was like rubber. Eggplant was good but not good enough to outshine the terrible main dishes and the sea of elderly people (8:30 on Friday, they should have been asleep). This place is not for anyone who lives in Philly and has enjoyed any of the great restaurants that Philly has to offer.
I stayed at the Inn that's on top of the restaurant the night before because I was in town for a concert at Camden Yards. The following day me and my girlfriend decided to have lunch in Panorama before heading back to DC. 

A little background info on me. I am a quarter italian and just spent about 3 weeks in Venezia, Firenze and Milano, as well as some smaller towns like Bassano del Grappa and Canneto Pavese. I have to say that my meal at Panorama was nothing short of Italian perfection. They got everything right, the Bruschettas were fresh, the cheese board was orgasmic and the food, well, just like the food I had in Italy. My only regret is that I live too far from philly to become a regular. I will definitely go back and highly recommend it.

Note, we did not have any wine so I can't comment on that, but the food, service and ambiance was fantastic.
We along with 4 other parties of 4 with 7pm reservations were not seated until 8pm. And not until we voiced our lack of appreciation did anyone apologize for the delay. Appetizers were absolutely amazing, the maitre'd was the only customer service in the place, server was mediocre at best, food clearly sat under the warming lights for too long and to top it all off our server offered the desert menu then took 10 minutes to bring them too us. Bottom line.... Skip it. Had a conservation with another patron who has been 3 times and keeps thinking he must be missing something or he just came on a really busy night. He suggested we not try again that it will be exactly the same. Ps - don't be fooled by the name.... There is no panoramic view ;)
Panorama isn't just one of my favorite Italian restaurants in Philly, it's one of my favorite Italian restaurants, period. When you consider everything that this place has going for it (location, food, service, wine selection, decor), this place has it all.

If I do have a slight criticism, it would be that the prices are a bit high, but, you know what? It doesn't bother me one bit here. I think that it's one of those rare times when everything tends to be so good that it's worth what you pay. The only reason I think we all wish that the prices were cheaper is so we could eat here all the time!

Anyway, the food is absolutely phenom. The pappardelle served with a ragout of slow-cooked duck is FREAKING SICK. Yeah, I used ALL CAPS for that one. It's that god damned delicious.

Honestly, I'd describe more food, but I've never had anything I didn't like here. I just wanted to make sure you knew about that duck pasta.

A quick note about service before I get to the wine... I think the service here is great. It's the perfect balance of attentiveness without being obtrusive, professionalism without sacrificing one's personality, and a high level of knowledge without coming across as being elitist. That's a tricky trifecta to pull off...

As for wine, well, this place is awesome. They serve these awesome flights, where you can get some crazy delicious wines. It's really the best way to go if you can't decide on one wine. Otherwise, I can't even begin to do their selection justice. You need to just go and check it out for yourself.
Frank Z. sounds like he knows what he's talking about!

When we first arrived I was skeptical.  We parked in the parking lot right next to the building (if you're driving down market, it is on your left at the corner of front) and there was a sign for the restaurant in neon lights - it just looked shady.  But when we got to the front of the hotel, it was quite charming - classic Philadelphia/Old City type look.  There is a coat check inside at Il Bar (sic?); we were promptly seated thereafter.  Note:  We did have reservations - I believe it's a must.



The menu is a little overwhelming, as is the wine list.  But, they do a nice job categorizing the wines by the regions which they are from.  We got a nice Sauvignon Blanc from the Monterey region of California - for my year and a half in Ca. I haven't tried any wines from that area; it was fruity, aromatic and tasty.  

We ordered a salad and one pasta dish in appetizer size for us all to share.  All the pasta come in appetizer and full portion sizes.  If you're watching your weight, obviously the appetizer size is the healthy portion and the full size is too much food (just a note :) )

I had the chilean sea bass, but their specialty is really veal which 3 of us at the table ordered.  My friend had this three-way pasta dish with gnocchi, ravioli and pasta in red sauce.  Of the three, the gnocchi was the best, and the ravioli in spinach sauce was tasteless. 

Overall, we had a really great time and really enjoyed the food.
I absolutely love Ristorante Panorama. It may be useless for me to say that this is one of my favorite restaurants in Philly since I have so many, but RP is definitely high on my list. I would have been here more times than I have if we lived closer to it. I had first discovered it during the four years I lived away from Philly and stayed at the attached Penn's View Hotel during a visit back. During that visit, I had a wonderful dinner there with my family and enjoyed the bar a couple of nights. I had a similarly excellent experience during a subsequent visit.

Since moving back a year ago, we've been back a couple of times for dinner and a few times to sit at the bar. Over the few years I've gone to RP, the food and service has been consistently excellent, save one mediocre experience during restaurant week, during which we had similar mediocre experiences at otherwise excellent establishments, which speaks more to my impressions of restaurant week than to any individual restaurant.

During our most recent visit, we brought along two guests, one from out of town. The evening started off with all of us ordering flights from the impressive selection of wines. There are many excellent wine bars in the city, but the Il Bar at Ristorante Panorama definitively has the best by the glass selection thanks to its world record 120 bottle preservation and distribution system. Here, you can try wines by the glass that you would only be able to get by the bottle elsewhere. The staff is exceptionally well-versed in their wines and can help navigate the extensive selection ensuring that you enjoy your glass(es).

After lingering over our flights (five not insignificant pours), we sat in the adjacent dining area for dinner. Again, service was excellent and the food superb. I began my meal with an addition to that night's menu: mussels in a red sauce. For my entree, I had the Tagliatelle with exotic mushrooms topped with lump crabmeat. Everyone enjoyed their meals, which, of course, were accompanied by more excellent wines. We were too satisfied by our meals to entertain dessert, but we ended the evening with rounds of coffee and espresso and digestifs.
This review breaks my heart. I have loved this place for many years now. It was one of my go to city restaurants. They're homemade pasta was amazing. 

They have changed their menu in the recent months and I am so sad about this. How is there no Caesar salad. Is it not an Italian restaurant anymore? Am I missing something? They also took away several pastas. One of which was the reason I come back. RIP lobster ravioli. :(

We went this past weekend. I was fine with giving this new shortened menu a try. The food is still good. The service however is horrendous. Granted we were bit loud. drinking flights of wine will do that to you. They should expect this. Our server was so miserable. And the bus boy pretty sure was stoned off his ass.  

So with food being just meh and and service being the worst. The only think left is wine. I'll stick to the liquor store. 

Sad to not want to go back to a place I use to love.
Ohhhh, wine flights with 5 tastes, most very reasonably priced and creatively selected, make me very happy. 

We were in a talking mood after the Michael Moore film and ordered the Southern Stars flights of reds, all from the Southern hemisphere.  We ended up getting both Australians as full glasses.  It's romantic and cozy red in here with dark wood.

Vegans, beware, nothing on the menu for you, but the manager came up with sauteed mushrooms and a beet salad without the cheese; $10 each for these plus bread was enough of a snack for us.  I only ever go to the bar and am very well pleased.  I am curious about the rooms though in this vintage hotel which has enough of a sense of humor to upholster its chairs with a fabric picturing... chairs.

Their cruvinet must have hundreds of bottles in it, wow.  When I am rich... wait, I never have a problem polishing off a bottle, with the crowd I travel with. :-)  And I will never be rich anyway.
I had high hopes for this restaurant after reading the reviews, but my entire group had okay-nothing special food.  For appetizer we had the fried calamari which was nothing to write home about.  I ordered a trio of pastas for entree, the special of the night , including gnocchi, penne marinara &  ravioli w/ spinach sauce.  The entree was pricey & bland especially the penne & ravioli.  I do give the gnocchi a thumbs up, it was actually really good gnocchi.  If you go to this restuarant - Order the Gnocchi-  I wish I had ordered that by itself.   My husband had the chilean sea bass.  It didn't have much flavor and pretty much tasted like nothing.    The wine selection was good as well as the service, but for me to pay the prices, the food has to be there, and it wasn't.
Its true, they have an unmatched wine by the glass selection.  And they do a great job at selecting flights of five wines to try.  

The first thing you notice when you go up to the bar is a thick manual on wines. The manual lists countless of possible wines and possible flights.  Of course you can make up your own flight but I decided to go with one of theirs.   After about 20 minutes of serious study, and a glass of wine, I finally made a selection. 

The wines came out and were lined up in front of me.   About 1.5 oz each sample and the flights cost about $20-30.   There were some pricier ones as well.  Ill save those for next time.  It was a great combination so someone definitely did a good hob on their homework.  

While sipping away, I tried a couple appetizers (escargots, beet salad) and a desert (pear).  Everything was in the damn thats good! to amazing! range.   I wonder if they ever do wine/food pairings?

Lets see, what else would you want to know.  Happy hour is 5-7.  When I arrived at the end of happy hour, the place was pretty quiet and empty.  By 7:30 it filled up with several groups of tasters, dinner goers, and who knows what.  It looked like everyone was having a great time.  

So, if you are into wine, this is a must go.  If you are not but like good food, this is a must go.  Guess what, that means you must go!  Have fun.
I don't know, maybe we ordered the wrong things. 

First off, walking in, there are two very different sides of the restaurant: one that looks like a 1965 hotel cafeteria (linoleum, harsh lighting), while the other that has a more modern, trendy ambiance. Take your pick as to where you'd rather be seated, I guess.

We ordered a wine flight to split between two, which I felt was reasonably priced for a sampling of 5 different wines. However, when I asked for the sommelier's choice, I was told that there was only one "choice" for the night. I had hoped that the sommelier would create a flight based on the preferences at the table, but perhaps that's too much work for multiple tables (but really, not even a pick between red or white?). Anyways, we ordered a flight of Italian reds in the end and it was decent and the presentation was nice, though the flight came with no explanation as to which was which (I guess we were supposed to know based on the position of the glasses?).

Now onto the food. Focaccia with fresh pesto was good for complimentary bread, though I do wish they gave more pesto than just a dab. Food ordered included hen of the woods mushrooms to split as an appetizer, wild boar ragu tagliatelle for me, and the veal for my boyfriend. The mushrooms were barely cooked or seasoned, and the tagliatelle was overcooked while the sauce was nothing  special. The veal came with foie gras marsala, which made the whole thing much too rich after a couple of bites. I've had much better Italian for much less.

Service was difficult to flag down and brusque, which is a bit disappointing given the price point.
Panorama is one of Philadelphia's best options for authentic Northern Italian flavors coupled with an emphasis on la famiglia. The restaurant is located within boutique Penn's View Hotel. And Panorama's proprietor, Luca Sena, is essentially everyone's favorite uncle and draws upon decades of experience as a restaurateur. Beyond offering 120 wines by the glass via the world's largest wine cruvinet / dispensary, Sena's tapped Chef Matthew Gentile to head the kitchen. And with Gentile's background (Parc, Lacroix, and Ela), it's no surprise that an updated take on classic dishes is how the menu reads and tastes! 

But before we get on with the meal, let's start with the wine. Panorama does, after all, hold the Guinness Book record for World's Largest Wine Dispenser! Regardless of whether you plan to dine or simply imbibe, it's the perfect spot for a date night or girl's night out to indulge with a flight of wines. Several certified sommeliers are in house and have curated a wonderfully witty vino menu, ranging from "Blanc Expressions" to "Cab Fare." And the generous pours and price points suit all budgets and tastes. 

A Rosé by Any Other Name [$24]

Brut Rosé "Franciacorta~Chardonnay 65 / Pinot Noir 35" Contadi Castaldi nv (Italy)
Cab Franc Brut Rosé "La Cravantine~Val de Loire" F. Gasnier nv (France)
Rosé of Pinot Noir "Willamette Valley" Trisaetum '15 (Washington)
Grenache/Cinsault/Carignan "Grain de Rosé~Sable de Camargue" Listel '15 (FR)
Pinot Grigio "Ramato XL~Venezia Guilia" Scarbolo '13 (Italy)

The GF enjoyed the light and subtly sweeter tastes of rosé. It's nice to see how the wines progress with the meal and clearly, that's the intent. The Scarbolo '13 was particularly enjoyable with an intense fruitiness that's emblematic of rosés. 

Future Cult Classics - Super Limited Production [$34.75]

Chardonnay/Riesling "Langhe~Collaretto~330 cs prod" Oddero '12 (Italy)
Grüner Veltliner "Santa Ynez~174 cs prod" Solminer '14 (CA)
Cab Franc "Trinch~Bourgueil~250 cs prod~Biodynamic" Breton '14 (France)
Syrah Blend "Cotes du Roussillon Villages L'Esquerda~450 cs prod" Bila-Haut '13 (FR)
Syrah "Sonoma Coast~420 cs prod" Wind Gap '12 (CA)

When ordering wine with dinner, I typically lean towards Cabs and Syrahs so was intrigued by the Future Cult Classics. The biodynamic Breton was particularly forward with dark berry and the Wind Gap was one of my favorites - medium-bodied and savory. 

Bread Service

If you decide to dine as well, meals will start off with housemade foccacia. Light and airy within, with a great crust speckled with sea salt on the exterior. The garlic pesto was spot on as well. 

Burrata [$15]
Shaved butternut squash, fig, chestnut, balsamic

The burrata was creamy, sweet, and light, but held up to the vibrant acidity of the balsamic and the heft of the butternut squash. Chestnuts added a textural note to each bite, with an enjoyable richness in its own right. 

Shrimp [$13]
Grilled shrimp, white bean croquette, grilled romaine 

The shrimp were snappy, lightly seasoned, and dressed with a beautiful buerre blanc, adorned with bits of grilled romaine. Wonderfully crisped white bean croquettes added a substantive component to the dish and were enjoyably hearty. Perfect to sop off some more of that sauce. 

Crespelle [$14 | $25]
Lobster & crab-filled crepe, lobster sugo, basil hollandaise 

The airy, yet crisp crepe held plenty of fresh crab and lobster meat to create a light bite before we enjoyed our mains. I appreciated that there was just enough of the lobster sugo providing a countervailing acidity and savory depth, in contrast with the herbaceous hollandaise. 

Gnocchi Gorgonzola [$13 | $22]
Gorgonzola dolce, anjou pear, black walnut 

Pastas are made in-house and based on Panorama's gnocchi, I'd highly recommend at least one with your meal. The gnocchi were pillowy clouds of gorgonzola goodness. If you think blue cheese and pasta don't mix, you'd be wrong. Gorgonzola dolce is one of our favorite cheeses, with its sweet and subtly mild funk. Just enough of the gorgonzola sauce coated the gnocchi to create a savory, salty bite. This was balanced by sweet Anjou pears that were cut to the size of the gnocchi, with bits of black walnut offering up some textural contrast. Rich, to be sure, and definitely one of our favorites! 

*** TO BE CONTINUED ***
Yum - I had a fantastic Center City Restaurant Week dinner experience at Panorama! My friend and I made a reservation about 3 days in advance and I was glad we did, because it filled up quickly!

I decided not to drink that night, but my friend ordered one of the wine flights - the Cab Fare (five 1.5oz pours of different Cabernet Sauvignons). I tried a sip of each, and they were all slightly different but fantastic! 

To start, we were brought complementary focaccia bread with pesto, which was warm and delicious. For the first course of our 3-course dinner, we split the Formaggio Share Plate (five Italian cheeses, wine infused preserves, and truffle honey). It was the perfect start to our meal. For my second course, I ordered the Tortellini con Burrata (burrata filled pasta, autumn squash, and sage brown butter). It was so delicate and so yummy. My friend ordered the gnocchi and really enjoyed it.

For dessert, I got the Tiramisu (mascarpone, spongecake, espresso semifreddo, chilled espresso crema). It was light and creamy - the perfect way to end the meal. My friend got the Olive Oil Cake; I tried hers and didn't love it (I'm not a huge cake person). 

Service was a little slow but very thorough and accommodating. The space was simultaneously cozy and spacious, and it is filled with pleasant decor and art. Overall, I highly recommend Panorama as a great spot for quality Italian food!
Will never go there again!

I made a reservation via opentable for 8:30, due to snow plowing of practically every street in center city and being detoured we knew we would arrive at the restaurant a little late so called them to let them know we were going to run about 15 minutes behind.

When we arrived and checked in with the host she told us she would come and get us when our table was ready, FORTY FIVE minutes later she arrived to pick us up and seat us in the basement.

Once we sat down we waited another 15 minutes (while other tables were waited on around us) until our waitress came over to get our drink order.  The only thing we ordered was a flight 405 no other drinks so not hard to remember yet she came back asking whether we said 403 or 405.  An understandable mistake but one that leads to another problem down the line.

After getting our drinks we wait another 20 minutes for our waitress to take our order.  From the time we get our food order in it takes about another 2 hours for us to get all of our courses served to us and service is inexcusably slow for basic things like refilling our water (since we have nothing to eat it'd be nice to get more water sooner then every 30 minutes).

After everything is said and done we get the bill from another waitress as im spinning my wallet around (its now midnight and we need to leave) and I don't even look at the bill so eager to leave I put my credit card in it and hand it right back not wanting to wait another 30 minutes for someone to come around.  When I finally do get the bill back I realize that was a mistake and that the waitress had charged us for both the 403 and 405 flights, we have it corrected and leave.

I will never go here again, the food was "O-K" at best (though the desert admittedly was amazing) but certainly not worth the pricetag, don't get me wrong I feel there are several expensive restaurants that are worth it whether it be the service you are paying for or the food.  This place had the high price and neither of those things going for it.  Stay away!
Amazing dining experience from start to finish.  General manager, Bill, runs a great restaurant. From the hosts, the bar, the servers and support staff, everything was done well.  Very friendly, professional and hospitable. 
Come here to enjoy the many wines flights they have to offer.  Unmatched selection of wines by the glass.  The food is excellent! Presented well and, as always, very delicious. 
Check out the new wine club they have.  It's a great deal and won't disappoint. I'm looking forward to coming back again.
I want to love this place so badly. The wine selection is amazing and where else can you get wine flights!?! I've visited Panorama quite a number of times with highly varying experiences. I brought my uncle, a huge wine aficionado, and he was highly impressed. We all left thinking we'd found a new Philly favorite. However, i've returned on other occasions and found the staff rude and unwelcoming. In fact, the last time my boyfriend and I tried to pop in for a glass of wine we were asked to leave because they wanted to close - it was before 9PM on a Friday.
We came here for restaurant week and I was really excited to try the place. I had heard really great things, plus it's really nice that the restaurant week menu is the same as their regular menu. Unfortunately, the service was terrible. We waited 30 minutes for anyone to even come to our table, despite the fact that it was not particularly crowded. Our server brought out the wrong wine and then (when she finally came back 15 minutes later) offered no apology and told us that we ordered it incorrectly. We then waited for what seemed like forever for each course. The whole ordeal ended up being 3 hours long. By the time we left, the place was closing. The food was pretty good, but I wouldn't say that it was good enough to make up for the service.
I went here for restaurant week last week with 5 of my friends and we all had the best time with our dinner.  Everything we had was delicious.  Not to mention their vast wine selection!  We got a few wine flights to share and were impressed with the selections.  They offered their whole menu during restaurant week so we got to experience a little of everything. We all tried to order something different so we could sample a little bit of each other's dishes. I got the scallops and could not have been happier.  They were enormous and plump! They were cooked perfectly also. 
The only thing I did not like was my dessert choice which was the persimmons cake - it was a little dry.  We will frequent this restaurant again.
Service was great - they were friendly and were quick with suggestions.
Some friends and I went to this place before heading to dinner at Amado nearby. We had read about how they had a wide variety of wines and wine flights. While the experience was fun, I don't think I picked a good wine flight that suited my tastes. I like white wine, but the majority of my wines were Chardonnay based which I don't really love. I had ordered the wine flight that had a lot of wines that were hybrids of multiple wines together which seemed interesting to me. I thought this place was cool though.. nice but casual depending on the occasion, family dinner, dinner with friends, date, etc. I would probably go back because of the wine flights but probably select a wine that is more suitable to my taste.
Go for the wine, not the food.  Wine bar is a unique experience with a great selection of wines.  Bartender is very knowledgeable.  

The food and service on the other hand is mediocre.  There are symptoms of decline to this restaurant.  The décor is outdated, low number of patrons, and unprofessional wait staff.  The antipasto misto at $17 was sad.    For pasta, I had chitarra, it was tasty but salty.  For Secondi, I shared the cioppino with my girlfriend.  Description of the dish: scallops, shrimp, octopus, calamari, clans, garbanzo beans, spring vegetables, puttanesca bread.  The dish was extremely salty and comprised of mostly beans and calamari with little broth.  It was a painful disappointment and our waiter wasn't around for 45 minutes to share my dissatisfaction.  There are a number of fantastic restaurants in Philadelphia.  This used to be one, but sadly, not anymore.
My wife and I frequented this lovely, quiet place with the best pasta in the city early in our marriage (so many years ago) and always enjoyed our experience.  Then, like many others, we started paying more attention to the names like Starr and Vetri and lost track of this place.  Our 16th anniversary afforded us the opportunity of coming back home to Panorama and we sure are glad we did.  What a perfect combination of professional yet friendly service, remarkably good food, and a peaceful, romantic setting that's just a little off the beaten path.  What a gem this place is.  Do yourself a favor and take a break from the big-name, high-budget, high-brow food and treat yourself to a night of just simply great food in a wonderful environment.
Stopped in here on a weeknight with 3 girlfriends for a happy hour. AMAZING! I love the wine flights so much. We ordered some eggplant parm also which was to die for. Will probably be back!
I went to Panorama last night with my parents and boyfriend for restaurant week. The restaurant has a very warm and inviting feeling when you walk in and I was excited to try this place. Unfortunately we left disappointed.

I made a reservation a few days prior and was lucky to get an 8pm reservation for Friday of restaurant week. Part of the reason I picked Panorama was that they offer their full menu even during restaurant week and they have over 120 wines on tap and seemed like the type of place my parents, especially would enjoy.

The food was excellent every single person loved every piece of the meal.  My two star review is due to the service. Each of us ordered a wine flight, which seemed like to the thing to do. Most people appeared to have ordered them. Our wine did not arrive until after the first course was cleared- which wasn't ideal but the first course did come out rather quickly and it takes a little more effort to assemble a wine flight than pour a glass. My boyfriend and parents were all served their flights and entrees. I received my entree with no wine. After about ten minutes we made a comment. The waiter became slightly defensive and admitted that they gave my wine to the wrong table. Honest mistake but we would've appreciated honest, unprompted communication instead of him trying to act like there was no problem. I didn't receive my wine until 15-20 minutes after receiving my entree and our server did absolutely nothing to make up for this. He didn't even make an effort to speed up the process of getting the wine to our table he just awkwardly stood by our table. Kitchen/bar mixups happen but his apologies were extremely insincere and defensive. When I finally did receive wine all members of my party were done with 3/5 glasses of their flights. Good food isn't hard to find in Philadelphia so we will not be back due to the poor service.
My wife wanted to go out for restaurant week and she found Panorama with a lot of food options.  We selected this for Sunday night, since it was the first day and the Eagles played the day before.  We arrived about thirty minutes prior to our reservation, but we were seated immediately.  It was crowded, so thankfully there was a spot for us. 

The service here was pretty fantastic.  Seated Early, prompt menu explanations and a greeting, checked up on us throughout the meal, even an unnecessary apology to say the food would be out shortly.  We devoured the amazing focaccia with a walnut pesto and we were asked if we would like more.  Of Course!  We were presented with two more slices with a bowl of the pesto.  Very special service.

Our first course was brought out to us and my wife ordered the Gnocchi with a chestnut pesto, mushrooms and some raw honey.  My agnolotti con burrata was so much better though with a nice san marzano sauce.  Hers wasn't bad by any means, but I made the most enjoyable choice.  When the entrees came out, I put my fork into a piece of the pork ribeye I ordered.  The fork just slid right in to that succulent meat.  I didn't even have to take a bite to know it was going to be good.  Not as much pork belly as I would have liked, especially since the wife was going to steal half of it.  Her braciola was good and very popular.  I saw a lot of tables order it.  

For dessert, I got the chocolate torta and she went with a tiramisu in quotes.  I wasn't a huge fan of mine, but hers was so much better.  Mascarpone, spongecake, and some espresso flavors with a warm espresso caramel sauce surrounding it.  Great flavors.  I just wasn't a huge fan of the flourless cake in mine.  The cake pieces were too small?  

All in all a solid effort and another successful restaurant week outing.
IT WAS MY FIRST TIME coming out for RESTAURANT WEEK and my friend and I chose this place.. and we were not disappointed. The food and service were great. 

Appetizers
-Calamari, it was so good and there was a lot of squid to go around and it was very tasty and fresh. This also came with two dipping sauces the red one was marinara and the green had a garlic taste but was very smooth 

- Beef Carpaccio, was very tasty!! The plating was different and I wish there was more meat but overall it was good and melted in your mouth

Entree
I had the BRACIOLA- which is a Veal skirt steak with parsley,garlic, parmigano, porcini genovese, broccolini. This dish was super tender and the taste was amazing. This was my first time eating veal and I will now be opened to trying more veal dishes. The flavor of this veal was awesome and I will definitely come back just to eat this as well as the calamari.

Pesce
Was the dish my friend had and she loved it. It was tasty and also had a lot of flavor. The fish of the day changes I assume and. The fish of the day was Sword Fish. The plating was also very nice .

My girlfriend and I also ordered the WINE FLIGHT # 601 which was a mix of white wines and red wines. I was very impressed on how the flights came out it was really nice and fancy. Also the taste of the wines were great.


Dessert
Tiramisu Affogato Budino- I liked the first bite then I was getting a banana taste which was fine but I enjoyed the bottom of the dessert more than the top. This is a different tiramisu but I am always up for trying new desserts.

Cioccolato Mille Foglie- if you love chocolate this is the dessert for you. This was a rich chocolate a little bitter. I am not a chocolate fan but I wanted to try it. Overall the display was also really pretty.

All in all this restaurant was great!! The food was amazing and the service was fast and our waitress also helped us on choosing a great meal from the apps, entree and the dessert. I will definitely come back with friends or family.
I give them credit for trying to host a Passover meal, but it oozed with cultural ignorance. It was obvious that a Jewish person was never consulted on the menu.  Aside from only having read meat on their fixed price menu, boxed matzah, and leavened bread with dessert, it felt more like a mockery of Passover than a place I would ever consider spending my holiday again.
This place is fantastic! If you enjoy wine and good food you will feel the same. They have an impressive wine selection and have so many wine flights. 
We also ordered the Italian flight of cheese which was great and had this truffle honey that was to die for!
Gnocchi was one of the best i've ever had - very pillowy.
Definitely going back!
Had a nice romantic dinner with my date here.  Staff and service was nice and responsive. They even made sure that a special flower delivery that I ordered from another vendor was strategically placed in time for our table.  Wine selection is excellent, and I recommend doing the wine flights where you get 5 small glasses of wine, so that you can sample a few during your dinner.  The food was well presented but honestly not the greatest. We ordered fried calamari as an appetizer, but to me, it was a bit too chewy and rubbery in texture.  My fried veal covered in arugula was nice at first, but it had a hint of old, over-used frying oil in the bread crumb batter coating.  Strike three for me was the espresso, which tasted like it might have been boiled instead of pressed thru a machine.  Perhaps they used old/bad beans?  I'd still take my lovely date back here though, but probably just for drinks and some other appetizers.  Upscale, romantic atmosphere in both the restaurant and the wine bar. Not noisy either.... cheers!
My partner and I went to Ristorante Panorama for our anniversary dinner. He is a winemaker, so expectations were already rather high.

Our server was very knowledgeable and accomodating. There was a special risotto for the meal, but she cautioned us that it took some time to prepare. So we ordered our salad course first and the timing wound up being perfect.

The wine - I'm not so much a connoiseur, but my flight was quite enjoyable. My partner, however, was astounded by the wines in his selection. Very impressive.

The risotto was indeed amazing and worth the wait. Creamy with the nice, sharp bit of asparagus. A perfect early spring dish.

For dinner, I got a pasta sampler dish. While each sample was delicious, I was tortured to realize I could have had an entire portion of the ravioli. Little pillows of heaven indeed! (In case you haven't figured it out - ORDER THE RAVIOLI!)

By the end of the meal, we were completely content and satisfied with fine wine, amazing food, impeccable service and a beautiful setting. Highly recommend.
I can't believe I haven't been here before now.

The wife and I had reservations but opted to sit at the bar (where the action is). The bartender was very friendly and knowledgeable explain in the wine flights and answering our questions.

My flight was wonderful and had generous pours of all the wines. We started off with the best burrata appetizer we've ever had. Flavorful lightly grilled tomatoes with the cheese on top along with arugula on the side topped with a drizzle of balsamic.

I know that I thoroughly enjoyed the rest of the meal but can't quite remember what I had. The flight and the couple of martini's I had earlier had done their job. I'll return but won't imbibe beforehand.
Had a great experience here this weekend. A very classy and elegent joint, perfect for a date night. We went for restaurant week and they offered everything from their standard menu. Our waiter was perfect...very nice, polite, knew all of the wines/dishes. The food was on par. I had a nice cut of steak and she was happy with her veal and pasta. One thing worth noting is that they were able to accommodate my girlfriend's gluten-free diet. Just about everything on the menu can be made gluten-free. That might not mean much for most, but it's a pretty big deal for the gluten intolerant.
Enjoyed this place during Restaurant Week last year.  A very nice place to take a date.  The wine selection was vast and tastefully presented.  This place is a sort of "historical" location so it draws in an older crowd, but the atmosphere remains youthful.

If you're in your mid-20s, this would be an ideal location for a double date with parents or bosses.  It reminds me of a "Main Line"-type restaurant, but is tucked into a nice Old City location.  Highly recommended to try at least once.
We checked this place out after my husband purchased a gift card for me because he knows I love Italian restaurants. I have my favorite, so of course, every other restaurant will always have to compare. Panorama is cute, beautifully textured, nice ambiance, and an overall pleasant dining experience. 

But I am there for the food, and the food was just okay. Our waiter was great, and we were never without drinks (even though all of the other staff seemed to think they were never allowed to smile or even talk). We expected the food portions to be huge, because they offer half or full plate servings as options. Well, I was only ordering pasta, not a second course, so I ordered a full plate, and it really wasn't as large as I thought. The taste of the food was also just okay. Almost as if it tasted bland or something. I can't quite describe it, but I do know that for the price, it is not great Italian.
If you are looking for an amazing selection of wine this is the restaurant for you! We were blown away with the wine, and feel that Panorama has the best selection in Philly. The food is really good, but very rich and heavy. Enjoy thoroughly! I recommend the lobster pasta and the squash crab pasta. Delish!
We were attracted by the 150+ wines by the glass perspective and were happy to go for an italian meal. I can't say I was impressed on either count. Food was well executed but somewhat bland, my risotto was cooked right but lacked flavor. Quite standard italian fare I would say. Cheese plate was good, though.

On the wine front, well, it sounded interesting but it was a huge disappointment for me. No clear direction in the selection, way too many low-end choices, not much originality offered. A ridiculously short selection of italians with 2 Barolos and no Amarones. At least 3 of the 5 "north italian flight" were sub-par. The dessert wines selection was also very short.

Unfortunately, this was my third ranking meal in Philly that weekend.
If you love wine you will love this place. They have roughly 120 wines on tap and their wine flights are all categorized based on your liking. If you like a dry red the Killer B's is a great choice. Food and service here is amazing. Very romantic spot for a special occasion.
My wife and I visited Ristorante Panorama on the evening of November 19, 2009 and enjoyed our experience very much.  We always enjoy calamari and Panorama had, as one of its appetizer specials for the evening, fried calamari.  This was as good or better than any we've had in the recent past.  My wife ordered an appetizer size portion of a pasta combination (one with a pomadoro sauce, one with a spinach sauce and another one, the flavor of which escapes me right now....the sauces garnished three different types of pasta....gnocci, ravioli and penne).  She thought that the appetizer size portion was perfect as it was quite rich.  I ordered the special seafood of the evening which was a light, white fish, I think it was called ponzini, but I'm not sure.  It was excellent...garnished with a touch of tomato seasoned with fennel (among other seasonings) and served with a scalloped type potato and fresh asparagus.  I really enjoyed it.  I had a sampling of gelato, post prandial.  My wife enjoyed a glass of an Italian wine I don't believe either of us had tried before and, once again, I cannot remember the name, but it was excellent.  The wine selection was also extensive and one thing that some other diners seemed to be trying were these "flights" of four or five selected red wines served in small portions on an "ascending wine glass rack" type of device.  While we thought it was an interesting concept, the pricing didn't seem to make sense.  All in all, a very pleasant dining experience.  I would defninitely return (assuming I return to Philadelphia, which, all things considered, was a quite friendly city in spite of opinions I heard expressed previous to our visit.
This place was a nice little hidden gem. What brought me in was the wine flights but what won me over was the gnocchi. 

We started with the smoked salmon salad over arugula. Simple but tasty. The bread came out with a bowl of freshly made pesto to dip into. I had the veal stuffed with mushrooms and prosciutto - amazing. It came with green beans and mashed potatoes. We also split a half gnocchi and I will never eat gnocchi again unless it is from this place. It was like a pillowy treat covered in red sauce. My mouth is watering just thinking about it. 

Enough about gnocchi, back to the wine. The flights totaled about a glass and a half of wine. They have literally pages of different variations of 5 different wines to choose from. I chose #801 and it was a mix of different reds. 

I would definitely go back. They also have a wine cellar downstairs with space for private parties.
The food was quite tasty and elegantly presented. But the service staff was completely out of sorts. Not one thing was brought on time except the bill. We had to ask three times to receive the second glass of wine for our guest. The desserts were horribly delayed and presented as if they had never done it before. Sad. No real accountability and no stellar recommendation.
On the edge of 3-4 stars here.
Pretty nice space; servers seem rather knowledgeable and are fairly friendly. Incredibly large wine by the glass list (best in the world, I believe) and a bunch of others available by the bottle on "reserve." Would prefer a bit more unusual regions in terms of the wine (more from Southern Italy, Spain, Italian white wines from Veneto/FVG, etc.), but it's understandable why they don't.

Had the following items with several people: Meatball, octopus, Caesar salad, wild boar Bolognese, pasta Pomodoro

Caesar salad: Nicely coated and pretty good; could have a bit more anchovy in the flavoring, but salad tastes fresh. Would happily order again.

Octopus: Pretty good, but a touch underdone compared to how I like it, making it a tiny bit softer than I prefer. Flavor is quite good (one large piece). Would order again.

Meatball: Is from Wagyu beef apparently; prefer meatballs that have more of a mix of pork and lamb in them to add some additional flavoring; meatball is light, but still prefer either Villa di Roma or Chick's for the meatball over this. Not sure I'd order again.

Wild boar Bolognese w/ Rigatoni: Probably the star of the meal; Bolognese was quite good and pretty light, pasta is homemade and had pretty nice texture. Would happily order again.

Pasta Pomodoro: Much heavier tomato sauce than as described by the descriptor; was expecting a light sauce with a little bit of mozzarella cheese. Instead, it ended up being rather like a South Philly style pasta in tomato sauce (a la Villa Di Roma; their is much better though). Pasta was also kind of thick. Probably wouldn't order again.

Overall, I'd happily come back, as prices aren't TOO high, and it has a pretty elegant feel, and the kitchen uses good ingredients. I'd largely order different items though.
Ristorante Panorama impressed me when they hosted a Yelp Elite event in the fall.  The food was excellent (even though it was a buffet, the food was perfectly done) and the wine selection was impressive to say the least.  I was also really pleased that the bartenders can help you choose a wine based on the flavors you generally enjoy.  That event was certainly a five and enticed me enough to warrant a return visit.  

We stopped most recently when making our way to Penn's Landing for the New Year's Eve fireworks.  That visit was honestly more of a three-star experience (so you average the two and you get the four that I've rated it here).  We just kind of snuck into a small space at the end of the bar.  It was late, so there was no seating.  We were generally reserved/courteous as a group and were dressed nicely, but perhaps because we're younger the service we received at the bar that night was not as friendly and helpful as it had been at the Elite event.  We asked for mid-priced wines -- a dry white and a three dry reds, and the bartender seemed annoyed with that request.  The wine she ultimately brought fit the bill nicely and was enjoyed by all, but I would have preferred to feel a little more welcomed and appreciated as a customer.  I'm going to chalk it up to New Year's Eve being an overly busy and annoying night.

I would like to go back for a full meal one night in the future, and I will certainly update my review at that time.  Overall, I think this is a great place to try and based on the rave reviews of others, I wouldn't have any qualms about going back.
I'll give them a 5 even though I didn't get a chance to try their food selection (stopped by around 11:30pm).  This place is super awesome and hard to find seats(we had to double back later on)! The bar tender (I didn't get his  name) was awesome.. he knew every answer to satisfy my wine curiosity,  super nice, and based on what I told him I liked, found me the perfect wine! Will DEFINITELY go back! Oh... and FYI th e hold a record with the Guinness Book of World Record...
Just returned from celebrating our family's March Birthdays here this evening. Let me begin by saying we selected this restaurant based upon our past dining experience in 2006 and Craig LaBan's review. We knew that Panorama has undergone a change in appearance and a new Chef. After eating here tonight the changes are for the worse. So our meal started off well as our waiter brought out focaccia bread with basil oil and it was presented nicely and tasted even better. Our family are bread eaters and the waiter collected our plates without even asking if we wanted more. Not what I would expect at a classy restaurant. Next our appetizers were served. I ordered the grilled calamari which was $16 and the most expensive appetizer. It was presented nicely, it was cooked perfectly and was delicious, but the portion size was extremely small. My son had the Polpetta (Wagyu Meatball) and it was excellent as well. My wife had the special onion soup which was rather bland and was not hot when she received it. Now for the unacceptable part. We waited an hour for the entrees to be served. Not sure if they were short kitchen staff, but I have never had to wait that long between courses. Additionally, most of the entrees were served luke warm. My brother's veal, my wife's scallops, my son's Tortellini to name a few. The entrees would have been delicious if they were served hot. Now for the pièce de résistance, we brought our own cake and they charged us $43 to serve it. The last time we were here, we celebrated by son's 16th Birthday, we had the exact same number of people and the food was excellent, served warm, the service was excellent and they gave us all free desert. Our family goes to many of the finest Philly restaurants and I can assure you that this is not one of them!
This is my oldest favorite place to eat in Philadelphia and my go-to for a special dinner when guests come into town to visit me! We are never disappointed - the food and wine are outstanding (over 120 rotating wines on tap...need I say more?) and the ambiance in the bar room or downstairs is just too cool - old school Italian. 

My personal favorites are the fried calamari, which they nearly always have on special, the antipasto misto, funghi, and insalata di Caesar for starters. Plus the addicting little bread nuggets on your table as a starter! 

For my main course, I almost always opt for the gnocchi con provola affumicata - they are just so perfectly executed that I can't seem to get past them to try many more things, but I'm always tasting what everyone else gets too. The Trenette di Spinaci is spinach pasta with sausage and grated parm, also a good choice. I've tried the pesto over gnocchi as well and it's to die for. Their specials are also great and we've ordered lobster ravioli and many other dishes from there, I have not once been disappointed with any aspect of my meal.

Now...onto the wines, the part of the meal that hits it out of the park! They have over 100 wines on tap, which are circulating seasonally so there is always a crazy huge selection! Personally, I like to go big or go home, so I choose from one of their wine flights (5 glasses, with a dozen options!). The wait staff is so incredibly knowledgable they will make sure you find one you love, and you can try it for free!

This place is perfection in my mind, and in over a dozen visits I have not had anything but a stellar, incredibly classy dinner here. Mmmmm
