I really wanted to enjoy this restaurant but the cuisine was not my cup of tea. 

It is in the city, and easy walk and it is very nice inside. The tables are small but you can have large parties attend. The waiter was really nice and the cooks that work hard. From the way the restaurant is designed you can see them cook in the kitchen. 

The reason I did not fully enjoy the experience, was that there were hardly any waiters but so many guests and so everyone's food was kind of late to arrive. My second reason, was nothing that was order between my friend and I, was enjoyed. I do think that is a personal preference. So, if you do want to give it a try, I believe that their food was quality food, and you can tell that it was fresh.
The food was mediocre, coming from a middle eastern background and an comparing it to a favorite Turkish restaurant in New Jersey where there is a Turkish restaurant on every corner this food was OK. 
To say it was authentic and felt homie would be false. 
Salad came dry- and I could've done a better job slicing it. When I asked for more dressing instead of giving the same dressing that it already had on it they gave me balsamic. I asked for feta cheese to put on the salad thinking it would be ready to pour on it - instead they gave me a whole block. 
Lentil soup was a little dense & flavor was ok!
Borghul is mixed with another type of grain- also undercooked. My mother ordered chicken Adana and said she liked it- I don't eat meat so I can't speak about it. 

Service could've been better- they weren't the friendliest & took a long time with everything we requested. I probably won't be back mainly because I am comparing it to the impeccable service and food I get elsewhere but someone I go doesn't have anything to compare it to would love this place.
Really enjoyed my steak sandwich. Bread and flavoring was delicious. Fries were fresh cut and the lunch menu is filling. Super plus for a place that serves kanafe!!
A truly authentic Turkish restaurant. After you are sat they bring you delicious homemade bread (pide). We had the rolled grape leaves (sarma) and Turkish sausage (sucuk) to start. It was a good start to the rest of our meal. My company had the beef kebab and I had the beef kofte kebab. The flavors were impeccable. It is hard to find Turkish food like this in the area. We had Turkish tea to accompany our meal which set the aesthetic. To finish we had kunefe which takes about 10 minutes to prepare so beware of that when ordering. It was the perfect way to end the meal. The hospitality and food were 5/5. Can't wait to come back.
We came here right before the virus got bad in the USA so we were able to dine in. The food is really authentic. We just stopped in for Turkish coffee and a snack because my friend and I love getting Turkish coffee. We got some lahmacun (meat pie) and baklava with our coffee. It was the best baklava I've ever had. It was not overly sweet. We will have to come back when things let up.
Tried this spot a few times over the past few months. I love a good falafel- and this place makes a great one. What really hooked me though is their Turkish pizza. While it's easy to find a decent hummus around town - lahmacun is another story- and there's is the real deal. The service is fast and waitstaff is friendly.
Excellent and authentic! Fresh and home made! Def recommend for any lover of medeterrenian/Turkish cuisine!
My sister and I stumbled upon this cute cozy halal turkish place while strolling around in downtown Philly. We got the mixed grill. It was waay enough food for the both of us. It came with a little bit of everything. Some rice, two doners, and two kinds of shish kebobs, and fresh HOMEMADE bread (OMG- fresh out of the oven). The prices are soo reasonable. Please do yourself a favor and try this place. They have vegetarian options as well!!!
I had a terrible experience in this restuarant last Saturday night. The server was a young man who seemed to be in a rush. He brought out the mezze platter, which has 6 different items on it, along with the falafel at the same time. 30 seconds later he brought out the soup, then went back and got the entrees, which I had to ask him to hold off on. We had to ask for bread and ended up getting our own paper napkins. When the entree was brought back, it was cold. So a different server took it back to the kitchen, told me they were making a fresh entree, but only brought back the old one warmed up. It was dry and we didn't finish it. Also couldn't get more tea after our first glass, told you were out of tea for the night. I'm very disappointed.
Great Turkish food! The first authentic Döner (I've tried) in Philly! The food is fresh and the meat quality is amazing!! Nothing like the frozen ground-meat gyro you get at other places. Pide is also very fresh and tasty.
Paprica is very cosmopolitan place where you will hear many languages while you are there. I heard Russian, Croatian, Turkish, French and Arabic.
Cheese rolls were the best ever - and I tried many
Calf liver and sausage excellent choice. You will have a hard time buying hummus in the store after you try theirs. 

Excellent cooking and service. Bravo!!
I was happy to support Turkish-American small business.
Amazing the owner was very patient and explaining the menu to me I loved it I'll be coming back. I work around the corner.
Paprica recently opened up in the same spot that another Turkish restaurant used to occupy. Have to say that we were very happy with the quality, presentation, and quantity of everything we ordered. We got the hummus appetizer, missed kebab combo, and lahmajun, which were all great. The bread in particular was soft and fluffy for the hummus, and the kebabs were juicy and flavorful. The restaurant is still learning as they're new, and we look forward to come back again soon!
Best Turkish restaurant we have come across in Philadelphia. Not only is the meat platter exquisitely done presentation and all, they serve a wide variety of Turkish dishes. Delicious lehmachoon, Pide, & manti! Reasonably priced, nice atmosphere, good service, best of all authentic & divine food!!! Would highly recommend to anyone!
Such a great experience! If you haven't tried Turkish food yet, you should definitely come by this spot! It's ran by new management and they've made beautiful upgrades to the location. The waiter was also great! He was really funny and kind. The food was so flavorful and really fills you up. I ordered the lamb shish which comes with salad, yogurt, and bulgar, which is a type of pilaf made from wheat. I'm definitely coming back :) Good for halal eaters!
I came here for lunch with a friend on a Sunday. There was no wait time to be seated. The manager and server were very pleasant. The menu is also pretty extensive for a Mediterranean restaurant.

For starters, we got hummus, which had a nice smooth texture and tasted great.

For entrée, I got the chicken kebab which was very tender and flavorful. The fragrant rice and bread definitely complemented the chicken kebab. A fair warning, the green chili pepper that comes with the kebab is decently spicy for Asian standards.

Overall a great experience! Would definitely visit again.
3/4/20 = 5 stars Delicious Mediterranean food 
1. Nice, patient and friendly staff
2. Clean restaurant and rest room 
3. Food was made fresh to order 
4. Great ambiance 
5. Delicious flavorful and fresh food.

I ordered the lamb kabob lunch special and a kuniffe with coffee. The food was so delicious, just the right amount of portion. The dessert was delightful, flaky and tasty. I would recommend anyone interested to try some authentic Greek / Turkish food, to come here. 
I would most definitely return here again when in the area.
The iskender kebab was great also the ambience of the ambiance was excellent. the owners and staff of the restraunt are very kind. prices are affordable. Attractions papricagrill.
Recently renovated & under new ownership/management we found this little gem of a restaurant to be a very convenient place to eat before going to see a show at Walnut Street Theater. Our server was Turkish, very friendly and attentive. We all ordered the shish kebab platters though with different meats. All were beautifully presented in planks and delicious with the yogurt sauce. The apple Tea reminded us of our trip to Turkey. Both the pistachio & walnut  baklava desserts were warm and dipped just right in syrup so as not to make them gooey and too sweet. The table setting was understated yet stylish though cloth napkins would be better than paper. The bathroom was spotless. We'll certainly be back.
This was a random visit while we and some friends were in Philly for a conference. OK ... not so random, since part of my heritage is Turkish. 

This a Turkish menu and as good and authentic as it gets. My family is from Toronto and the Turkish community there swears by just one or two restaurants. Paprica could go head to head with any of them. It might even survive if it were in Istanbul, Ankara or Antalya. That's as high a praise as I can give a Turkish restaurant on this side of the Atlantic.

Manti is to die for. Babaganoush (patlican salatasi in Turkish) is very sophisticated. Great service and the BYOB was a hoot. We were in a corner and had almost a minibar set up. 

Don't miss it.
Completely horrible place. Everything they serve you can buy from your local Acme. Nothing is Authentic. They serve me uncle bens rice not even mediterranean and to make it worse they served it on hot wax paper :/ , the bread was cold, hummus was bland no garlic or lemon juice two major ingredients! Atmosphere was great and service was good but the food is not good at all! Apologies for the comment but i am just being totally honest!
The food was really  good but the quantity was small for the $$ i ordered mixed kabob and it was delicious my husband ordered their pizza was small & dry
The only thing good here is the food. That's it. 
Forget about the quality of Service and your actual order. 
I'll go in the order of the moment we entered.
1. Asked for water when we sat and the response was DONT WORRY EVERYBODY GETS WATER YOU WILL ALSO BE GIVEN WATER BUT FIRST ORDER. 
This is after waiting for 10 minutes sitting on the table. 
2. We ordered Chicken Adana Kebab, Lahmacun and Chicken Beyti from the Menu. 
3. The Adana kebab was supposed to be served with BULGAR but instead this man decided to put plain white RICE. 
4. The Beyti was supposed to be served with Rice and VEGETABLES but he only gave 1 jalapeño and 1 tomato and NO RICE AT ALL. 
5. While ordering the Lahmacun we said not to give us soda but he annoyingly kept pushing why you dont want soda even though my simple response was I don't want to drink soda so please don't give it - simple ask. 
6. When asked about rice with Beyti then his response was USUALLY PEOPLE DONT LIKE RICE. I replied BUT THATS WHAT YOUR MENU SAYS AND HENCE I ORDERED. 
If that's the case then the restaurant should put the correct words and items in the menu and not try false advertise/ undersell your customers. 
7. The server was rude from the beginning and whenever we asked for water or rice or vegetables that were missing in the served dishes as compared to the order from the menu then his response will first be DONT WORRY AND I GIVE IT TO EVERYONE AND WILL GIVE IT TO YOU AS WELL. 

We run restaurants in our family and serve our customers with full respect and dignity unlike this person here. May be he has preconceived notions about people and treats them in his own desired way. 

Would never come back here and warn others people to be careful with this server and make sure to check with the menu after you receive your order. This middle aged man with glasses and around 5'6"
All I have to say is wow. I'm truly disappointed in the experience I had on my second visit. I wanted to celebrate my mom's birthday here because I had such a wonderful experience the first time. First off, we came on a Thursday night and it was pretty packed, but we had a reservation, so there weren't any issues in seating. However, there was only one server among 6-7 tables and it took awhile before we were even asked for our drink orders. Service was painfully slow with one gentleman flying around the room trying to attend to a million things while a lady, whom I assumed to be the owner, was just standing posh near the register. Our food came out and was just minutes away from being completely cold. That tells me that these piping-hot kebabs came off the skewers and sat on the plates for some time before the server was able to carry them to our table. What was Miss. Posh doing the entire time? Enjoying some Lahmacun with her young son at one of the tables in front of the entire restaurant. A short while later a man came in and greeted her and the young boy affectionately, so I assumed this was her husband and the owner as well. Neither of them ever came to anyone's table to inquire about the meals. They just nonchalantly engaged with each other and other staff and seemed to have no care about their customers. The Turkish tea came out cold. Some drinks never came out. Birthday cake served and I had to ask for a knife and plates. The doner was served as thick, square cuts. Turkish doner is supposed to be shaved thin and have a nice char on it. Just all around bad and bad. What a shame.
Delicious and authentic middle eastern food! Will definitely be going back. Our server Mehmet was great!
The strip center will bring doubt but once inside the place is refurbished and spacious.  
The waitress told us they were caught off guard by the steady traffic coming through the door.  Understandably why, the food here is very good. A real homemade touch to everything.  Recommend pretty much any of the pasta selections and chicken parm was fantastic
After struggling to find healthy and good food (Philly, you're a cool city but you're unkind to my stomach), I was able to locate this fantastic Mediterranean spot for my parents and I. We ordered a large Shephard's salad, falafel and hummus, babaganoush, chicken adana, and a bourek for the table. (Yes, bourek probably doesn't count as healthy, but how can you say no?). Everything was flavorful and delicious. If I had to pick a "must have" it would probably be the falafel and babaganoush--I could eat those every day and be happy. The bourek was also fantastic and, yes, very photogenic. So glad we found this, and if you're in the area definitely give it a shot!
Came here after a long day at the Constitution Center. We arrived 20 minutes past 3 pm and unfortunately missed the lunch specials :-/. we were the only ones in the restaurant when we walked in and within a half an hour a few other patrons arrived. But ultimately we have the place to ourselves. It didn't deter us one bit.

 We ordered a bowl of lentil soup, a vegetarian mezze appetizer platter, the shrimp casserole, and for dessert, the Kunafa. Everything we tasted was phenomenal! I especially enjoyed the mezze platter and the shrimp casserole. While the shrimp casserole had mounds of cheese on the top, the savory flavors that came from the tomato-based sauce of shrimp and vegetables underneath was to die for! Our service was fairly decent throughout. I will say that we were never asked if we wanted anything else to drink besides water until we ordered dessert. In get, we were never even provided a drink menu and therefore I cannot comment on whether they serve anything else in this restaurant besides water, Turkish tea and soda. This is normally not a concern for me however my friend wanted a ginger ale. 

Overall everything that came to our table, and for the most part, everything I saw that arrived at other tables, looked amazing! I also like the fact that you can watch the chef cook the entire time. As the kitchen area is only separated by a glass wall. The chef waved and smiled at me while making his lamb kabobs. 
Look forward to returning and bring you my mom here. She absolutely loves Mediterranean food
Fantastic halal restaurant. The space is clearly new/renovated and always very clean. The menu offers a great variety of options to choose from, ranging from $8-9 sandwich and fries to $15 main courses. All the food is delicious. The owners and the staff are also very kind and genuine people.
Wonderful discovery. Dumplings and chicken wrap (new additions) were outstanding. Diner/gyro also.
This was a hidden gem! It was very fresh food and reasonably priced. The staff here was also very friendly and when we told them it was someone in our party's birthday, they sang happy birthday and gave us a free dessert! I will be back here for sure!! The food was amazing.
Called to ask to speak with a manager or owner and was told no and got hung up on before I could even ask my next question and not even asking me what I wanted.....shitty service most likely shitty gross Turkish food based on how I was treated.
Food was amazing! The seasoning was on point. The staff was very friendly and welcoming.
I came to Paprica for my birthday because we were having a hard time finding a place that could seat 6 and we were not disappointed! We had the chicken shish and iskender- some of the best we've ever had. Hands down my favorite thing was the kunefe, my partner called it "life changing" definitely a place to go back to. Ps unfortunately we didn't get his name but our server was the nicest and most attentive.
It's hard to find a Turkish restaurant in Philly so what about a very good one. We really liked the place. First of all owners and staff are really very nice although the place was really crowded. The food was amazing. The top things for me were: lahmcun which was amazing, the mixed bbq and the baklava. The lentil soup was something as well. The iskender diner and mixed appetizers were good but average. I think the diner needed to stay more on fire till it becomes more crispy but may be because of the crowd there was some rush.

Anyway the place is an gem for Turkish food lovers. Highly recommend
If you're looking Turkish spot in the city Paprica is definitely one of the top, in my opinion. The food is excellent and the staff are very friendly. They offer a variety of different Turkish dishes, including desserts. For the appetizers, I highly recommend the cheese rolls. They filo rolls filled with feta cheese and are absolutely delicious. They also serve fresh bread with the meal which is very good. The different kind of kebabs are all very delicious and were all very tender.

For dessert, I highly recommend the kunefe. It was crispy and delivered and they serve it with a scoop of vanilla ice cream on top which adds an extra bit of creaminess. It does not disappoint!
Worst service in center city. After ordering the salmon, instead fo the ordered vegetables, they served uncooked peas and carrots. When we notified them that that wasn't our order, they were extremely rude and gave pushback regarding the change of vegetable order. Additionally, they forgot to give the provided rice and when asked, they insisted that we show them ON THEIR OWN MENU where it says the rice comes with the dish. Cherry on top; the salmon was extremely undercooked from the middle and had a gamey, terrible taste. We returned it right away, still charged for it. Terrible service, manipulative, and poor knowledge of their own menu.
The food is amazing, it's been so long since I have been able to find Iskender.  The kebab skewer of meet is authentic and not processed, beautiful!  Mehmet's hospitality made me feel Luke I was in a Turkish friend's home.  Everything tasted authentic and the decor was perfect.   A must go to restaurant!
Authentic and delicious Turkish dishes! We went for a late lunch after we stumbled upon the place, and were very satisfied. We had the shepherd salad, cheese rolls (sigara borek), spicy spread (acili ezme), the beef/lamb Adana platter and Iskender Kebap. All were delicious and portions were plentiful. Would highly recommend and will definitely go back!
I was walking through the area and kind of stumbled on this place. The food is amazing, I had the Adana kebab wrap, and the quality of meat, bread and sauces was great; its really flavorfull and I've paid double for Turkish food that doesn't come near to this. The seating was comfortable, clean and modern. Will definitely return!
If you want a loaded wrap or gyro, keep it moving. Light on meat. Fresh Greek salad: Just the right size. only 4... count em 1,2,3,4 small kalamata olives in the salad. Babaganoush was good. Delivered without bread. BYOB. 3 other tables occupied for lunch, service slow. 2stars for atmosphere and freshness
The food and service were both exceptional. We ordered a Greek salad, a chicken kabob wrap, a lamb kabob sandwich and a lamb wrap. They came out quickly and were delicious. The appetizer of ezme was nice and spicy. The place looks newly renovated and the waiter told me that they have had the new owners for 7 months. We came after being tired of walking and were pleasantly surprised. We will come again!
I took a day trip to Philadelphia with my mother. We walked the city as a normal tourist, loved the environment it was a perfect day. We were stricken with hunger we made a left turn down the street and found this restaurant. When I walked in I was asked if I had a reservation I said no he said do notWorry come on in. From that point on appetizers main course and dessert and tea were amazing. The food is prepared fresh yes it's ordered. And the service was absolutely six stars. The staff is accommodating  and friendly. My cup is never empty my waiter checked on me every 10 minutes to make sure that what I ordered I liked. I do not travel to Philadelphia a lot but this small restaurant now has a guest at least every two weeks.
Came in with some family and friends to break our fast during the month of Ramadan. We had made a reservation earlier in the day, and we were seated promptly after arriving. 

The restaurant was decently busy, but the waiter made sure to have some small food items such as dates to break our fast. Some members of our party were taking a bit long to arrive, but our waiter was patient and still took the orders of those who were sitting.

I placed an order for the 'Doner Iskender.' As we waited for our orders to be prepped, we were served water and fresh bread. 

When our food came out, portions were good and the presentation was great. My food was extremely tasty and was close to the real form of the dish I had tried in Turkey. Additionally, bathrooms were very clean and tidy. 

I would recommend this place to anyone looking for tasty and decently priced Turkish food in the greater Philadelphia area. Already have this place another try.
My favorite thing here is the mixed meat grill with their brown rice. The bread is also so so good. The waitress is so sweet and the ambience of the restaurant is really nice for either a casual lunch or a nice dinner. I find it hard to find nice places to eat halal food but Paprica is definitely up there for me and I highly rec (whether you keep halal or not)
Excellent place! The food was incredible and super fresh. The best middle eastern/Mediterranean place in the city. Been here for over 20 years and haven't found a place like this in philly until now. A must try.
This place sucks. I wanted a chicken sandwich and I got this something very nasty. Don't waste your money here ewwww!
Came in with some family and friends to break our fast during the month of Ramadan. We had made a reservation earlier in the day, and we were seated promptly after arriving. 

The restaurant was decently busy, but the waiter made sure to have some small food items such as dates to break our fast. Some members of our party were taking a bit long to arrive, but our waiter was patient and still took the orders of those who were sitting.

I placed an order for the 'Doner Iskender.' As we waited for our orders to be prepped, we were served water and fresh bread. 

When our food came out, portions were good and the presentation was great. My food was extremely tasty and was close to the real form of the dish I had tried in Turkey. Additionally, bathrooms were very clean and tidy. 

I would recommend this place to anyone looking for tasty and decently priced Turkish food in the greater Philadelphia area. Already have this place another try.
Location 
Parking 
Staff 
Halal Food 
Cleanness 
Atmosphere 

Paprica is our number 1 family favorite Restaurant in Philadelphia.

We go there almost every weekend to enjoy the Food with the Friendly & Lovely Staff.
Thanks to the Owners who won the trust of their staff and customers.. The owners always make sure everyone is happy and content before leaving Paprica

P.S Love the Te

Thank you from our Heart  

Can't wait to try the Turkish Breakfast on September
We have been to Papirica multiple times and have yet to be disappointed. If you are looking for authentic Turkish food, look no further. 
We have tried almost everything on the menu including the Lamb shank. Yes fall of the bone lamb shank. 
We always feel at home here especially because of Mehmet. He always takes very good care of us and his recommendations ever disappoint. 
And for icing on the cake, the entire menu is Halal. 
Speaking about dessert, the Kunafe , is the best I've had  outside of Turkey coupled with Turkish tea( of course) .
I loved this new place is nothing compared to the previous establishment at this same location. It's very clean and elegant. I ordered the Adana Kebab platter it was delicious & the portion was just right I Also tried the lentil soup it too was delicious, for dessert the Baklava was perfect. Simply put I had a lovely dinner experience for dinner. Also it's a BYOB, I'll remember for next time. Definitely coming Back!
The food was delicious, the service was impeccable, and the seating is great. We ordered the mixed grill platter, Manti, cheese rolls appetizer, and adana kabob burger for the kids off the kids menu. Food came out quickly, they were kid friendly, refilled drinks quickly, and did not disappoint. Would def recommend this place.
I live close by so I've had a variety of their food and always enjoy everything. The falafel, hummus, and pide are some of my favorites.  

Aside from their food they owners and staff are extremely friendly.  I just walked by and, since Philly is currently experiencing a heat wave, they have a full cooler of cold water bottles outside for the public. They even attached a note letting people know they were free and advising them to take one. Such a great gesture of kindness from a small business.
I ordered the lamb adena kabab wrap and it was good! It came with a side of fries so the meal was filling! Everybody was so friendly and welcoming. Will be coming back to try some other stuff on the menu. Also, so convenient that it's so close to Jefferson!
Chicken Adana kebab is pretty tasty, comes with rice.

Bread: the texture is more like focaccia so don't expect it to be like pita bread. It's a  "meh", little bit dry. I won't order it again.

Baba ganoush is pretty good.

Baklava is cut in the form of skinny long triangle. It melts in your mouth. Really good and fresh.

Kunafe is awesome. You must have this. The shredded wheat is crunchy and fresh with soft cheese in the middle. It comes with ice cream. The forgot to put it in my order but they made it up by delivering the ice cream later. It's too late since I already devoured the kunafe
It is a very nice Turkish restaurant in Philadelphia. 
Delicious food and great desserts. The owner and the serves are very polite and friendly. Will definitely go back with other friends. Highly recommended.
Absolutely phenomenal. Tastes better than 90% of the food we had in turkey. Not enough words to describe. Also, the restaurant itself is really nice, usually halal places lack in ambiance but this place is so nice!
If I could give less than one I would. We had a reservation for 5 people at 5:30 and we got sat at 4 person table oressed up against a party of 12. When asked to be moved they claimed that the open table was for 6 and couldn't seat 5. After no nore than 30 minutes they sat a group of 5 at the 6 person table. They rushed our order and we didn't have silverware at the table for all of us when we sat. The owner Sarah was beyond rude and  it is truly a shame bc the food was decent. The owners daughter was sweet and accommodating but the owner was unreasonable. If you're gonna take someone you care about here....AVOID at any costs. 

Worst experience eating in philly. Plenty of other Mediterranean spots to check out. Go elsewhere.
Went on a weeknight with a small group. The restaurant was pretty empty just one other small party. The ambiance is modern, yet very comfortable. They brought out bread and an olive dip for us to start, the bread was fresh and incredibly delicious. It was super disappointing for multiple members of our party that they were sold out of the iskender. We didn't quite understand how, since the restaurant was clearly not very  busy. We settled on lamb chops, one of their flat breads with Turkish sausage, chicken beyti and Ali Nazak. The flatbread and chicken beyti were my favorites! The thin bread wrapped around well seasoned ground chicken served with a side of yogurt was such a perfect dish, and the presentation was really pretty as well. We finished our meal with their Kunafa which was prepared fresh, crispy top, with the perfect cheese pull on the inside, served with a side of  vanilla ice cream.
This place is so so good! I had never had Turkish food before coming here, but I found this place to be super cosy and welcoming. You can't go wrong with anything on the menu, so even if you're not an adventurous eater, they have something for you. Everything is flavorful from the platters to the Turkish pizzas! Special shoutout to the rice pilaf they serve on the side, it's an underrated star (I seriously want the recipe). And you have to order the kanafeh for dessert - the perfect highlight to end your meal.
Great food, one of the best I have ever had. Everything is tasty. Parking is a bit tricky in the area, downtown Philadelphia.
This past Friday night my gf and I decided to try Paprica Modern Mediterranean Grill as it had some really nice reviews.
Glad we did.  The restaurant is not large but it is beautiful.  It has an open kitchen behind glass, exposed brick walls, comfortable seating, area rugs on some of the floor, and decorated really nicely.
We  bought wine with us as Paprica is a BYOB.  We started with some Hummus and hollow bread.....BOTH AMAZING!!!!
We looked at each other and wondered could the main course live up to our starter?
Oh yeah.  We had the BBQ Platter (An exclusive charcoal grilled mix on a traditional copper BBQ. Includes: Chicken Shish, Lama Shish, Adana Kebab, Lama chop and Chicken Wings all served on a large party platter to share. Served with yogurt, bulgur, grilled onions, tomatoes and peppers).  Everything is cooked not on a gas grill but a real wood or charcoal grill.  Everything was cooked perfectly and the spices made the flavors of everything, AMAZING.
I actually hesitated before writing this review as Paprica is not huge and we will want to go back and writing this kind of review may make it harder for us to get in.
Great night Paprica.
What a pleasant surprise. Had many a meal in Turkey and this was just like being transported  to Istanbul less the grand  bazaar.  Very authentic, tasty and healthy. Truly loved it, could have eaten  everything on the menu.
We were looking for a dinner spot close to the Walnut Street Theater for a pre show meal and found this small spot on Jeweler's Row. What a gem! The staff was warm ,kind, and friendly. Better yet, the food was delicious! The lentil soup was great,  stated the pickiest eater in our party of three. The appetizer of hummus, eggplant and yoghurt and pita was very good. ( I hate hummus and admit that their version was tasty.) The lamb chops were out of this world tender, tasty, perfectly seasoned and the sides were a great compliment to them.  The chicken kebob was also a hit. We did not have time for dessert ,but the Turkish tea was a joy to three people who love tea! We have found a new spot for our pre show meals and will try it just for dinner when we come in town again. The restaurant was also family friendly, and very clean. Looking forward to trying the dessert menu next time!
A Mediterranean gem off the beaten path you don't want to miss! Their specialty is the "Doner" (see dinner menu #37, 38, 39). It is essentially the meat you often see on the huge, spinning, vertical skewer in the kitchens of Mediterranean restaurants; but this skewar has thin, alternating layers of beef and lamb all cooked together. Lamb has a very strong taste (which I don't particularly care for on its own), but layered alongside the juicy seasoned beef, it tones the lamb-y taste down and it adds a nice flavor. I ordered #38. It was juicy, flavorful, and I received a liberal portion of meat (probably close to 1 lb of meat)! The white rice has a nice buttery flavor as well. My plate came with a green Turkish pepper which I was warned was spicy.

Oh, and the service was excellent! Ask for "Jackie Chan" or "Dr. Oz"!

Try their Turkish tea and Apple tea for a nice finish!
So literally as the waiter sat us down he wanted us to place an order. I told him to hold up and let us look at the menus. When we were ready to place an order he told us to wait while he proceeded to clean a bunch of tables. The Doner kebob was unavailable an hour and half before closing. It seemed like the staff was more concerned with cleaning and closing then taking out orders. We ordered the bbq mixed grill for two and the pida with soudjouk
K. The pida soudjouk was alright but it was more like a cheese pida because there was barely soudjouk on it. The bbq mixed grill was half hot wings. I literally felt a little discriminated by the waiter. From the service to the food it was just a horrible experience. I don't know if this was deliberate or the usual but I would definitely not recommend anyone come to this place.
Server was so busy doing everything while the owners watched him. 1 server tending to everybody without any help.

 Lamb was the only good thing. They are too cheap to give you more than 1 paper napkin, good luck with that! 

We ordered some hummus and they brought a small basket of bread with it (which wasn't enough for the plate of hummus) our basket sat empty while we had more than half an order of hummus still on the table. They brought hummus with only enough bread where it was necessary to ask for more, then charged $3.00 for extra bread. So when they brought the bread it was so hard you couldn't even break it. The hummus cost $5.99 and they charge $3.00 for extra bread that we couldn't eat because it was hard as a rock. 

The temperature and humidity was hotter than outside and today's temperature outside was in the 90's. They didn't want to turn on the air apparently while people were noticeably sweating at the table. Was using our 1 napkin to manage with that.

I'm not going back.
During our short stop in Philly a week ago we've found this little gem literally  two blocks from our parking in downtown area. Turkish food is one if my favorites and this place is as authentic Turkish food as it could be. We had Adana Kebab, one with traditional ground lamb and the other with chicken. Both were served with a choice of soup, salad or baba-gannush (rousted mashed eggplant dish popular throughout Mediterranean).  Food was delicious and the service as friendly as it can be. It was also nice to be able to sit outdoors during Covid, considering tight downtown location, it was not easy to provide, but they had two tables in front of the establishment.
Have I forget to mention about authentic sweet Turkish tea served in traditional hourglass shaped glasses? It was superb.
I ordered the lamb adena kabab wrap and it was good! It came with a side of fries so the meal was filling! Everybody was so friendly and welcoming. Will be coming back to try some other stuff on the menu. Also, so convenient that it's so close to Jefferson! 

Also ordered the Lamb Adena Kabab platter. It was so filling! So good and fresh! Tasted exactly like the kabab I had in Turkey   The waitress Busra was also very sweet and made our visit very enjoyable
We tried this place for date night.  Place is very well located, easy parking and not too busy of a street.  Because of covid, they only offered outdoor dining but they allowed their guest to wait inside after placing their order and before the food came out (with masks of course) which we really appreciated. 
Good food overall and great service. We had the Turkish pizza and mix grill for two.
Will def try it again post covid
Excellent service. Everything was fresh and service was fast. Super nice people. 
Does not look like much from outside. Don't judge a book by it's cover. 
Lamb kebabs were cooked perfect. 
Ordered every appetizer. All of them were fresh and delicious.  
Highly recommend.
The food was really good, fresh and well portioned. Loved the food! 
If you are in Philly and looking for good halal food it's a must try.
Amazing!!! Food is absolutely delicious, service was amazing as well! Came with a group of 10 and had such a pleasant experience! 10/10 def recommend!
The most fresh and delicious kebab we've had in a long while. And, the Manti (dumplings)...Yum! We're so excited to find a tasty, affordable place where it seems your Mediterranean grandmother (that you wish you had) is cooking for you. Can't wait to go back!
Excellent food and great service! Staff is very friendly. Great spot to grab lunch. The fries are seasoned really well and taste delicious. Highly recommend!
Considering there was only one person working the entire dining room, service was pretty fantastic. We came during a weekday dinner, and actually had a pretty amazing meal. The food came out quickly and the flavors were immediately impactful. The stew was warm and really made me feel like I was enjoying a meal in someone's kitchen. The adana kebab was juicy and flavorful and the rice was unexpectedly delicious!
Went here for dinner late on a Tuesday night and just missed the dinner rush! Our server, Mehmet, held the door open for us and told us the whole backstory of the restaurant. We got the mezze platter (amazing babaganoush, shakshuka, and grape leaves) and the adana kebob, which was phenomenal. The bulgur base was 10/10. Would definitely return for more great food and stories from Mehmet!
We side with those reviewers who really think Paprica is unique and really first rate.  Don't be fooled by the Sansom Street alley. Inside it's appearance is quite delightful. But the helpful and caring staff, always willing to describe the menu items, is a real plus. The portions are plentiful, and the food excellent. Unfortunately, we still haven't learned the names of everything, But what we call sausage pizza on pita was a real treat.  A main course of sliced lamb and beef in spices with a yogurt topping was excellent. And what better than pistachio baklava with ice cream in the middle to top off a meal?  We will return soon and often.
Great authentic Turkish food. I TRUED PAPRİCA for lunch and I really enjoyed it.  It's a lot of food for lunch and it won't break your wallet. The menu has a lot of choices for anybody with dietary restrictions or somebody that likes to try different food. The staff was friendly and helpful with the menu. 

Their Pita is excellent and a highlight of the meal. They have some dishes that have some heat to them if you like that. Recommend giving PAPRİCA a try. 

Also, they are BYOB.
