We stumbled in here headed back to our car after the Eagles Victory Parade!  It's a bit away from the city center and casual. We needed a place to warm up, fill up on lunch, and use the facilities.  And Parada Maimon looked to fit the ticket (and I didn't even consult the Yelp reviews prior).

The lunch portions were huge, the food flavorful and delicious, prices inexpensive, and service pleasant.  And, they even had a large flat screen TV for us to continue to view the Philadelphia festivities still going on at the Art Museum.  

We ordered the Ropa Vieja and the Coconut Fish.  Both were accompanied with choice of Spanish or white rice as well as the choice of red or black beans.  The one issue I had with the food was that it was too salty for my taste.
This is my second time ordering food from the restaurant. The food here is top-notch quality and VERY authentic!!  Everything I have ordered reminds me of home. My mother is Puerto Rican and she is not local, therefore any time I can get some "homestyle" cooking I am brought to my happy place. While the restaurant promotes itself as being Dominican, there are many Cuban and Puerto Rican style dishes on the menu. I have ordered the Pollo guisado (Stewed chicken), arroz con gandules (yellow rice with pigeon peas), arroz blanco con habichuelas (white rice and red beans), pastelitos (fried patties) pargo (snapper), and maduros (sweet plantains).  All very well seasoned!!!  I cannot comment on the dining services because I have ordered takeout each time. The interior of the restaurant is quaint and I look forward to being able to enjoy a dining experience there one day. Keep in mind that they are BYOB. The portions are grand so be prepared and have a heavy appetite. The prices are more than fair. I honestly think they could probably get away with charging a bit more for the size portions that they provide. and I'm definitely not complaining because I appreciate being able to get great quality food at a more than fair price and enjoy several meals from one purchase.  

And BONUS! This is a minority-owned small business. I'm all for supporting local small businesses! Wepa!
Right on the edge of Center City Philadelphia is a bright and cheery Dominican restaurant called Parada Maimon.  This is def a good place to know about as it serves down-home Dominican food in addition to breakfasts and items like Philly cheesesteaks at incredibly low prices. Everyone is friendly here and the food is tasty.  Their lunch specials served all day are amazing.  I recently enjoyed the oxtail platter which came with yellow rice, salad, black beans, and sweet plantains for less than $7.  Wow!  But you def have to add one or more of their pastelitos.  The chicken one was yummy.  There Is a cool atmosphere with lots of rustic wood here and even an outdoor eating area. And did I mention free Wifi? There are a few free parking spots to the side of the building or if you come by foot you are two minutes walk from Chinatown or the Reading Terminal Market. Parada Maimon is a great and affordable addition to the Center City dining scene!
F I N A L L Y ! A Dominican restaurant in Center City! This place has become a go-to spot whenever I am craving Dominican food but don't wanna drive back down to North Philadelphia to get it. I am dominican so this might be a little biased ( best food in the world). 

First thing first, this place is in the perfect location as It is not quite downtown which allows you to at least find some kind of parking to eat here ( There is a free parking lot about a block away on 12th street ). You will find that the food is prepared already and waiting for you to choose the different variety. There is Rice ( often white or yellow), beans ( black/red/other), various choice of meat such as pork, chicken, or beef. SWEET PLANTAIN ( because why not?) and several daily specials such as soup or specialty dishes. You order down the line ( cafeteria style) and have the option of eating in or takeout. My personal favorite dish from here is the White rice, black beans and Ropa vieja ( shredded beef). 

This restaurant is not fancy at ALL but the food will make up for that. Most important, this place is not expensive whatsoever. You can have a full meal for less than $10. The staff speak both English and Spanish and are very catering to all of your needs. During the summer time, there is outside seating which is great if  you're trying to enjoy some sun and a nice breeze. Definitely give this place a try. CAUTION: This place is awesome !
Parada Maimon is a new Latin/Dominican restaurant located in the loft district just north of Chinatown/Vine Street.  The building is the old location for Billy G's luncheonette, which closed awhile back.  The owner has a restaurant by the same name in New York City, and has opened his second location here in Philly.  They serve breakfast, lunch, and dinner and the menu is heavy on the dominican/latin/caribbean cuisine.  They usually have a few specials on the steam table, such as beef stew and roasted chicken.  The specials come with a choice of yellow or white rice as well as black or red beans.  They have an extensive menu including mofongo, patties, stews ceviches, platters, and sandwiches.  They feature a number of proteins, but seafood if prevalent on the menu.  The operation is a family affair, with the owner, his daugher, and I believe a few other family members.  The service has been very good on my two trips for dinner thus far.  They offer delivery and pickup as well, and take credit cards.  The owner is very friendly, and will take the time to answer any questions you may have and make small talk if you're so inclined.  Overall, we're very happy to have this new addition to our neighborhood.  The owner is a restaurant veteran, so we hope the place will do well!
I don't recommend the food here. Let me break it down.
The chicken was dry and oily at the same time.
The beans were congealed.

The white rice was ok- but that's JUST the rice.

The salad could have potential if it wasn't drowning in the dressing.
I had to scoop the salad with a fork because it was so soggy with dressing. 
The empanadas were bland. 
The plantains could have been cooked more.

Sadly, food went in the garbage. I think it was a bad night but I'll prob order again because of the other reviews were positive and in philly I can't find Dominican food
We stumbled upon this Dominican Republic restaurant during our stay in philly and it was amazing! The owner was so nice and explained to us what their popular dishes are and how we can order. There's already some prepared food so if you are stopping by to get something to go it'll be very fast. We ordered oxtail, octopus ceviche, chicken stew, regular chicken, and some fatty pork. Pork was fried and crispy but had too much fat for us. The chicken and oxtail was so good. The meat was really tender and soft. The octopus ceviche was pretty good but i would get shrimp next time since octopus is very chewy. The fried and sweet plantains are very delicious. Def try both. The mash potatoes was enormous. My family really enjoyed our lunch here and would love to come back if we are ever back in Philadelphia!
Philadelphia isn't New York. I know in Philly I'm not going to find Ethiopian delivery at 4am. However, I've expected to find a suitable Dominican place - and until now, I really haven't.  Today, we found it. Parada Maimón is like any place in the DR you'd want to go after a day at the beach. Amazing seafood and all the typical Dominican food you'd want. It's BYOB, so bring your own Presidentes, but expect your fill of tostones, ceviches and chillo entero. ¡Que rico!
If I could give this ZERO STARS, I would. We ordered 3 orders of French Toast, and ALL of them had MOLD on the bread. It was absolutely disgusting. Now we're all sitting here feeling like we need to vomit. Don't order breakfast from here. I personally won't be ordering anything else either.
I have been very fortunate to live around the corner from Parada Maimon for almost a year. It's a great place and the atmosphere is so refreshingly different from corner restaurants in the area. The prices are very reasonable as well so I can get a lot of food if I want it.

The service is usually very fast for bringing out water, food, and the check. They are pretty friendly as well. I always get the half chicken special with either rice and beans, plantains, or steamed vegetables.

Sometimes I get the pasteles en hoja. You have to specify the hoja because there are two types. They are awesome and very filling. I also sometimes get the mofongo. They are really big and also really really good.

I love going to Parada Maimon for the great food and great service!
Finally a Dominican place in the city. Authentic Dominican food, fresh seafood. Service is great, owner is very approachable. 
Has free parking!!!!!!! 
Byob!
Food: 4 Out of 5
Ordered the goat stew lunch special. I did not regret it. They provided huge portions of Spanish rice/beans, a side salad, & a portion of the goat. Goat was tender and not game-y. Flavors are on point. I just wished they gave more of the meat.

Service: 4.5 Out of 5
Ordered for to go. Know what you want because time is money.

Environment: 4.5 Out of 5
Small casual restaurant, can seat about 25-35 people.

Overall: 4 Out of 5
I've never had Dominican food until now. Delicious flavors & great prices. Take advantage of their lunch specials!
Parada Maimon is a double threat. Good food and good prices. 

Everything here is super cheap at dinner time and they practically give away their lunch specials free of charge at lunch time. 

The portion sizes are huge here but I always like to order some French fries or empanadas to start the meal. Both are fried to perfection. 

My favorite entries are the ox tail stew and pork mofongo. The ox tail is always so tender and served with a massive heap of rice and beans. I also go with yellow rice and black beans. 

Mofongo is always on the dry side so I like to pour the entire bowl of sauce on and then wait for a minute for the sauce to soak in before I tear in. The pork and plantains are compressed into a container before serving so once you start breaking it apart with your fork you will realize that you are probably dealing with close to a pound of plantains and pork. 

I have also started to experiment with their fresh juices. I am a huge fan of the mango and papaya juices. 

They also have these tiny little fruit mentas they tuck into the checkbook. I cannot get enough of those little candies. I am tempted to buy a 1,000 count bag online. Someone stop me from clicking the checkout button, or just take me back to Parada Maimon.
Yesssss!!!!! 

I am a native New Yorker....so I am obsessed with cheap-and-best. Not just cheap, not just best, cheap-and-best. I am a native New Yorker....so I am obsessed with Dominican food (yes, partly because of its general cheap-and-bestness.) 

This delicious Dominican restaurant is a direct transplant from Washington Heights. They have experience in the restaurant game. Everything I have eaten here has been excellent.

Do you like garlic? If the answer is yes, stop twiddling your thumbs, and start running to Parada Maimon right now. They do not hold back on the magic root. Garlicky chicken, yes. Garlicky beef stew, yes. Garlicky shrimp, yes.

Try the mofongo, try the guisada. Try it all!

And this place is a BYO.

It's almost too much
This place was a true surprise for me to find in Philly! I am not Dominican but I travel to the Dominican Republic often for work, so I'm pretty familiar with Dominican food and restaurants. This place felt exactly like being in the DR, in all the best ways! 

I will note that if you want a fancy restaurant with fancy food, this certainly is not it. But if you want authentic Dominican food, served the way that it is at little roadside restaurants throughout the DR in generous portions with a side of great hospitality, then you should definitely check it out at your first opportunity! The prices are very reasonable, the food is delicious, and the staff are friendly.

Parada Maimon also exceeded my expectations for accommodating the big group that I reserved for when I went there. I didn't expect them to take reservations, but they did. The table was ready for us when we got there, and they were ready to serve us. They split the checks for each person at the end, and allowed us to pay with card or cash - once again, simply not expected and really felt to me that they went above and beyond to accommodate us and make sure that we enjoyed our experience. It's a great little place that I'll recommend to anyone interested in trying something new or reliving memories of the DR!
Friendly staff and great legit Dominican food. Really reasonable prices, too. We'll definitely be back.
Delicious shredded beef platter. The table next to me had half chicken in sauce, which looked like it might be what I order the next time I'm craving Dominican food.
Ughhhhhhhh. SO GOOD! 

I'm so happy there's finally a legit Dominican spot close by. Now if you'll excuse me, I need to weep over my lunch special from home sickness and then fall into a food coma.
My housemate and I cannot get enough of Parada Maimon!!! This hidden gem has the double benefit of being both cheap and full of good eats. Our go-to dish has always been mofongo (either chicken or pork). Their beef pastelito (beef patty) is solid - nice and flakey, and full of rich flavor. When we last went yesterday, we also decide to try their tostones... omg, why have we not ordered a plate of that before!?!? Plus, did I mention this is a BYOB establishment?!

In essence, if you're craving a homecooked meal of Afro-Caribbean food, Parada Maimon is THE place to go to in all of Philadelphia! Jose (the owner) is a wonderful host and he'll make sure to hook you up with whatever you want. If you want a sample of some things before ordering, he is more than happy to allow you to sample some of their prepared items.
I'm really happy to see great reviews for this Dominican restaurant/take-out spot. The value you get for the money you pay is unbelievable here. It has become our go-to restaurant when we don't feel like cooking. For just $8 you can get an entire half chicken, rice, beans, and a side like delicious plantains. This is just one of what seems like hundreds of dishes and food combinations that you can order here. We have tried several, but still have many more to experience. The owners and employees here are fantastic and always willing to help. They are a great addition to the neighborhood, and bring a great familiar feeling to weeknight dinners.
If you never had papa Maimonis u never happened / have lived. Srsly where have u been if there hasn't been a papa mamas in your back door I'd probably say CHECK YR GOT DAMN REAR VIEW MIRROR AND BACK UP TO SAN JOSE. cause ur in for a wild ride. 

If you ever had hav the wild berry pop tarts just imagine that success in a meal n u have papi moomoos wow ok
After a week in Costa Rica, I came back to Philly still craving Caribbean food and Parada Maimon hit the spot just right -- with decent prices and hefty portions to boot! 

I've been here a few times now and highly recommend the lunch specials if you're there during the day, especially the beef stew. Everything comes with rice and beans. The maduros (or sweet plantains) complement the main meals just right, and the sauce on the side for the monfongo truly makes the dish.

If you're a spice lover like I am, don't forget to try (what looks like) their homemade hot sauce. Spicy but also full of flavor.
Nothing I hate more than sitting down and not even being told we'll be right with you and then watching someone who sits down after getting their order taken first. I am sure the food is good and there are no other options. I'll try to come back with a large group instead of by myself so I get attention
We went here on a whim looking for mofongo while in the land of Philly cheesesteaks.

The food was delicious and flavorful. The customer service was excellent. I splurged and got a pastel, which hit the spot perfectly.

Everything was a great value, and I'll go back in a heartbeat.
The food was very good, the owner is very nice. The atmosphere is also very enjoyable. Beautiful place. Will definitely stop by again on my next trip to Philly.
I ordered food on yelp and the owner was so nice! He got my order ready quickly and made sure he got and said my name. The food was delicious! Real authentic Dominican food coming from a Dominican!!!! Will definitely be coming back.
I'm not really sure what the rave is about other than the portion to price ratio. Though the majority of the portion consists of rice/beans or carbs. There really isn't much protein. 

However I do like to stop by for a cup of coffee in the morning. For the size and quality, it's a good deal!
We've eaten here four times so far and it'sbeen  consistently amazing! Good service, great food, great prices. We live in the Noertheast and there's a Spanish Restaurant around the corner, but we come here instead.
I walked into this place and noticed that a lot of people were speaking Spanish. That means it's legit, right? 
The lady at the counter (I believe she might have been the owner or manager, but I'm not sure) was very nice and helpful. She helped my boyfriend and I order and she even helped him with his gringo Spanish attempts. She was very patient with explaining what was in some dishes and she offered some suggestions for us. 
We ended up getting a half chicken special, pork mofongo, some type of fried plantains, and a smoothie. Everything was perfect, and the prices were insanely low. I can't believe a place so close to Center City is so inexpensive!

Edit: I ordered delivery recently and it was super fast. The fried cheese is AMAZING and I still can't get over the prices. Whole chicken for $12! It was enough for 4 meals for me.
The pernil has a lot of dry parts. It's mediocre. It taste like regular roast pork and lacks of typical pernil seasoning.

Chicken mofongo is my favorite. It's moist and has a lot of shredded chicken. Highly recommend.

Octopus salad which for me it's more to a ceviche . Very good and refreshing. Highly recommend . 

I should have read my own review for chicken pastellitos. It doesn't have much fillings.

Sweet plantain is really good. It's sweet and not over charred.
I'm the kind of person that craves rice on the reg and being away from home, I always miss the semblance of a home cooked meal. So naturally this place called to me. I was really excited by the interior decor. It's nothing flashy but has a tropical feel and reminded me of a lot of the Latin diners in Houston. The food is pretty good. We ordered the ropa vieja with the rice and beans as well as a beef pastelito (empanada), ceviche de camaron (shrimp) and flan. 

The ropa vieja was super! The juice/sauce was delicious and drenched the white rice so nicely. LOVED that they had the el Yucateca sauce at the table! In my opinion one of the best bottled spicy salsas out there so you BEST know I drenched my meal in it. Put some on the pastelito as well and did not disappoint. Also loved their mango water btw! Order some aguas frescas to feel refreshed and get some sugar in there. 

The ceviche was kind of disappointing, not going to lie. It felt over seasoned with salt. It didn't look the most aesthetically pleasing either. Please come here for the more meaty and rice options! The flan I was also not as thrilled by. It had a bit of an odd packaged flavor to it but you know I still ate the whole thing. 

Come have a nice cheap and filling meal. Will feel very hearty!
**Why am I doing this to myself... Do I love Dominican food this much that I'm willing to be annoyed by it?**
__
Attempt #1 - Look what I found!
__
Everything was cool order was right on time, portions were really nice. I had oxtail and canoas. Finally able to find decent canoas in Philly near Center City. Plus points for getting here in less than 20 minutes

__
Attempt #2 -Curious
__
I REALLY want to like this place, but the little things make all the difference. We stopped in to grab food the staff is super sweet and kind, but the portion when you order to go/delivery was WAY(live visibly) smaller then when you eat in. I've ordered the same 3 things here over the course of finding this place.

I'm not sure if different staffing effects portioning but this is weird.
__
Attempt #3 - It's getting worse 
__

This is a SUPER unfortunate situation, as I REALLY like this place..

I ordered from Parada today. Normally everything is super on point and I get stuff pretty quickly...However today was no good. My initial order was not on time, and it was stated it was delayed by 15 minutes.... It was then 15 minutes after the 2nd estimated time. (so over 30 additional minutes late)

I was like ok it's cool I like this place a lot, so it's cool I then opened my food (Cubano, Pasteles, and pinto beans) and everything was cold... not like cold from the delivery like everything was CLEARLY sitting.

So I called... and spoke with a nice young lady who informed me that the delivery guy was out when my order came in and by the time he arrived my sandwich "had already been sitting like 15 minutes, and then the delivery time"... Not sure why a fresh one wouldn't be made... you wouldn't feed that to an in house guest..  I was told to call tomorrow and they would resend it (cause at this point I don't have time to wait.)

I know you're saying well you could warm it up... NOBODY warms up pasteles or a cubano...  it's meant to be enjoyed as fresh as possible.

__
Attempt # 4 - Eat24 had to "track down" this order
__
Old rice, and inconsistent portion.. I went from discovering this place and loving it to now being one of my least favorite places to eat or deal with.

Not only did it take an hour and 15 minutes to get a dish described as (a la carte) but when it arrived the delivery driver was rude, didn't thank me for his tip (which I regret giving), the rice I received was old (or under cooked), and the portion was way smaller than it was when I order just a week prior.

I really REALLY wanted to love this place, but consistent disappointment has turned a great experience to trash. The staff was extremely unhelpful previously and I'm not sure I want to reach out this time as I was literally told "call tomorrow maybe the manager can help you."

I guess you need to eat in house to get the proper experience....

EAT24 was amazing with helping me find the order initially, and deal with my issue post delivery... so that's a plus
If you are looking for a resemblance of Cuban and Latino food this is the place to go. The white rice was to perfection along with the steak and onion fried like the Cubans do with lots of seasoning. The mofongo was great just missing the garlic aka mojito sauce. The yellow rice and fried snapper also a greT dish.
After agonizing over reviews and finally having to flip a coin to order from here (sorry Angry Deekin), I am happy to say that I was not let down. I just moved from NYC so I was missing my Dominican food. I think this will be a new go-to.

We got the chicharron de pollo sin hueso w/ sweet plantains, fried plantains, beef patty, and bbq ribs. The portions were more than enough for two people and it looks like 2-3 more meals can be made from the leftovers. And w/ uberEATS I got the food within the 30-40 minute frame. 

The chicharron was freshly made, not too juicy/wet and was not soggy. There also wasn't any of what my family calls "funny business" which can be gristle, cartilage, bone, arteries or veins. This was just nice chicken (maybe breast only) cut into bite sized pieces and fried perfectly. The sweet plantains went with the chicken amazingly! They were sweet, but not too sweet, and melted in our mouths. 10/10

Fried plantains were also great, not dried out and still moist and dense. They were freshly made as well. 10/10

Beef patties were excellent. The meat was loose (not like Jamaican patties) and seasoned well. The crust was crisp and light. On the inside, the crust was almost like phyllo dough - it was still light, but had a bit of density and doughy-ness bc it had soaked up some of the moisture from the filling. Again, no funny business in the meat for my teeth to bounce off. I only had one bc the rest were eaten before I could get to them lol but I will definitely reorder. 10/10

The only reason this place is getting 4/5 (but closer to 4.8) is bc of those bbq ribs! The reviews I saw mentioned that they were good so, of course, I ordered them. Unfortunately, mine were basically just streamed spare ribs with bbq sauce poured over them. Literally poured. They didn't even shake the ribs around a little in the sauce. And the meat itself was not seasoned, fat wasn't rendered... now, I am from the south and I am Jamaican. This is not a case of expecting Jamaican or southern ribs and instead getting a Dominican/Latin version and being upset about it... no, these ribs were just not done well. It is a shame bc I was really looking forward to them and everything else was so good! Ribs get a 6/10, the 6 for large portion size and the bbq sauce wasn't bad, the ribs weren't bad either once you doctor them up and get that sauce coating right, I just know that they could have done them better in the first place especially considering how wonderful the rest of the meal was... and other photos of their bbq ribs that I've seen....

I totally recommend this place but quality does seem based on when your order (mine was Sunday at ~6pm) and, I'm guessing, who is heading the kitchen that night/day. I think all the reviews are right and that this place CAN be hit or miss and maybe I ordered on the tail end missing... 

Hopefully they redeem themselves to some past reviewers and start a new trend of good reviews. I WILL order from them again! 

Side note: I hope they make their online menu more descriptive! Many items on a la carte are labeled just "pork" and it's hard to tell the difference between them.
Everyone working at this fantastic restaurant couldn't have made you feel more welcome, part of their extended family. And the food - fantastic  The tres leches cake, to kill for, seriously!!!
This is a zero rate restaurant. I went to this place on Sunday May 29 with my family. We had a big disappointment. The food is really gross. My husband had rice and ribs wich the meat turn to be at least 2 days old. I saw a octopus salad in the display that had bacteria grow in it( I know what I saw I wok in the lab). In top of that my husband got a piece of cake and it had mold. Authority of Philadelphia please check this place for the benefits of the community.
Came into this restaurant in a poor mood cuz I had to drop my car in Chinatown for unexpected service.  Left this restaurant content with the world. 

1/2 chicken lunch special with red beans + yellow rice is the BUSINESS. I could only finish half.  Tasted great, washed it down with a milk+mango smoothie (get it w/ milk not water, if you can).  Staff was super nice.  A lunch special that's good for 2 meals and a mango smoothie for $10? Hard to find that in philly.  Come here hungry, leave here happy and fighting off the post-big-meal-nap-syndrome.
My husband found this restaurant on yelp and we decided to try it for dinner. The food selection is vast and authentic. The mofongo is delicious. We also had the chicken and the fish dishes. The portions are large and great for sharing. Best of all the prices are very reasonable - we had an entire dinner for less than $50! And the service is incredibly friendly. Totally recommend this restaurant.
I love Latin food, but I don't want to go to deep DEEP north Philly and I'm not always up to spending what they spend at the Center City spots. So Parada Maimon is a good compromise. Most of the times I've been here I've gotten the pernil with rice and black beans. I've tried the half chicken, the gizzards, and the mofongo. The chicken was good enough that I brought some home to my family. It was a hit. The price can't really be beaten. For those wondering, you can sub out rice and beans for some fries... or maybe some other side they're offering. 

What issues did I have? You can either order at the counter or you can have a seat. The counter (cafeteria style) food is ready-made while most other things are made to order. My first impression was underwhelming... as the pernil I had was dry. I didn't know to ask for gravy since I ordered from the menu. That wasn't enough to keep me away because I came back and had the mofongo and I didn't like it much. I mentioned in a review for another place that I don't fault the establishment. I just didn't know what I was getting into because it more or less tastes the same everywhere I've tried it. There was a little confusion in the portions... they should just say large and small, but instead they say lunch and dinner if I remember correctly.

So for the best dine-in experience... order at the counter, if you're not fluent in Spanish then English is fine...mostly (I got a verbal judo flip with my basic Spanish), state what sauces/gravy you want on your food and then have a seat. Also, get one of their fresh juices (Chinola for me). If you really want to EAT get the dinner (large) portion, but if you're there for the deal get the lunch (small). 

So with a large plate of pernil with a good amount of gravy, some hot sauce and oil for the rice, and some thousand island or whatever for the little salad... I'm NICE! I think they have tres leches too, but I've been too full to try it.

PRO-TIP: And ask for maduros... I don't think they're included, but I don't think they're extra. It's just like 3 or 4 and anyway.

FUN FACT: The area is desolate so there's really no best way in or out on foot. You're catching alleys, bums, and long empty stretches on all sides. Seriously, don't let that stop you from checking this place out.
Nothing fancy, which is great. This is an authentic-feeling Dominican restaurant. Most customers are speaking Spanish, the decor is very cute, and the food is great, though not made to order. The food is all ready to go, but it wasn't dried out at all, and it of course comes out in two minutes when you don't have to wait for it to be cooked. The guanabana juice was delicious, the sweet fried plantains were the real deal, and the stewed chicken was to die for. The rice and beans were perfect and in hearty portions. The prices were not bad for Center City. I got a ton of food and that yummy juice for $22.
This place is awesome. Stumbled past it during one of my runs and was excited to find a Dominican spot. Very reasonable pricing and amazing food that always hits the spot. My fiancée and I order from here all the time and it gets delivered pretty quick, too.
This is the only Dominican place in all of this part of Philadelphia - so you know I was gonna try it. The place itself is super cute and gives a very "traditional" feel. The food is okay - not like the best but worth repeating. The drinks I didn't like. I had two different kinds and idk they didn't taste that great. It seemed a little understaffed because the girl was sweet but she was juggling a lot and we never got our bill and had to end up going to register to pay for it. Would I go back ? Yes. Would this be my top choice for my next dinner ? No.
This place will always hold a special place in my heart. It serves up tasty Dominican food at a price point that can't be beat. I usually get take out but they have plentiful seating indoors and outdoors seating on these cute little tree stumps.

My go-to orders are the oxtail stew and pork mofongo. The oxtail has plentiful portions of meat that are tender and fall off the bone, and it comes with a large portion of yellow rice and beans. I personally love the mofongo, which pairs with sauce on the side. It's a huge portion and quite dense with the plantain and pork mixed throughout, but it's so good that I have no trouble devouring the whole thing. I highly recommend checking this place out for your Dominican fix!
I'm from NY and was EXTREMELY excited to see that a Dominican restaurant was opening near my apartment. I've dined in twice and taken good to go a million times. I always get the lunch special for take out: quarter chicken, rice, beans, plantain for around $8. The quarter chicken is always juicy and the rice is NEVER dry. I've also tried stew chicken & fish while dining in. The owner and workers are super nice and always greet you with a smile. Only downside is that the restaurant has no A/C and is always hot which is why I get my food to go.
I live right next to this restaurant.   Always very good meals.   My favorite is the half chicken dish.  They also make great smoothies.  Very reasonably priced
We ordered from this restaurant while staying in PA for a girls weekend. Ordering was easy and the food was delivered quickly. The delivery man was friendly and nice.

We ordered rice and beans, white rice, rotisserie  chicken, beef steak w/ onions, tostones, maduros and mofongo (pork & shrimp). The pork mofongo , rice w/ beans and tostones were delicious. There was enough food to split into two meals. 

Overall I enjoyed what I ate and would recommend eating there if you are in town.
Great dominican food,

Missing my mom's cooking, everything I had made me feel at home! Amazing batida de lechoza (papaya milkshake) and pastelitos, good chicken and tostones (I like my plantains a little crunchier though). Will definitely come back when I'm around :). 4.5 stars.
Don't let it freak you out,  but the goat is amazing! I had the "lunch" special. For $9 I also had black beans, a huge portion of yellow rice, and a canned diet coke. Pretty legit Latin cuisine for being in the heart of Philly!
I ordered from this place a couple months ago and was blown away - it was super good. I ordered from here last week and was soo disappointed. It wasn't good at all. I got the fish family combo. First off the salad was old and turning brown. The beans looked like vegetable soup. The yellow rice was orange. I ended up throwing the whole thing out. I'm giving two stars instead of one because it might have been an off night.  One time is all I need - wont be ordering from here again.
I loved this place! 

It's my yummiest new neighbor! 

I had a great meal here. I'm a little rusty with my Spanish, so I can't tell you the name of the exact dish I had. It was chicken with rice and black beans. All I can tell you is that is was amazing.

This place is so cute! They have a under the sea theme going which is awesome for impressing Philadelphia visitors. All the lights are a pretty blue, and they even light up the trees outside! 

I also had a flan here that was so delicious I actually remember every bite. It had little slices of banana on it... Simply the yummiest flan I've eaten in Philadelphia. 

I got to talk to the owner and he has great plans for the summer. I can't wait to see what he has planned. He was a very nice guy, and the staff is delightful. 

I love how versatile this place is too. You can either order from the buffet style selections they have prepared, dine in, carry out, or have it delivered. I suggest you go try it right now... 

Oh, they serve breakfast too!
Wonderful owner, wonderful server, great environment---(imagine florida, cuba, or even the DR)---that's the feeling the surrounding incites. Families, groups of friends, couples all enjoy yummy food here. Food is not spicy or too strong; mild and excellent. Plantains are a must---absolutely delicious and chicken stew is highly recommended. Chicken stew is tomato-based, not spicy and enormous side portions, yellow rice, and beans are available red and black. A fellow diner who ordered Mofongo claimed she wanted to sleep in it and eat as needed. So Mofongo is a must, it seems. 
Free parking is a plus and the restaurant has a nice little outdoor patio. 

You'll leave with a full tummy and a smile on your face.
True family style Dominican cooking. Perfectly cooked beans, rice, and chicharron! Also, there is free parking in a lot right behind the building. Adorable outdoor seating... The owner was very involved and came over to ask how everything was. I would definitely come again. You should go, too!
My gf and I stumbled upon this place randomly while walking back to our car after attending the Philly Auto Show.  The menu is extensive, and they have a number of ready-made dishes at the front for quick-eating or take-out. The staff is very courteous and friendly, including the owner, although the service was a little slow. We ordered the half-chicken with rice and beans, and a few pastelitos de res: the chicken, and the rice and beans were very tasty; the pastelitos were a tad aggressively seasoned, but still good. 

The prices for lunch run between $5-10, and for dinner anywhere from $7.95- 25.00. They are a BYOB, and they have a decent selection of batidos and aguas frescas.  I will definitely have to go back to this place and try more things.  You should too.
Great little restaurant! Note that the outdoor seating is not open yet, but will be soon. However, my girlfriend (a Spanish teacher and discerning Latin foodie) and myself (regular foodie) agreed it was somewhere we'd have to visit again.
The staff were very polite and eager to make sure we were enjoying our time there. It's run the way a restaurant should be run, prices are reasonable, and the food is tasty! Great place to spend some time.
Also, since it's misleading in the restaurant info, this restaurant does not serve alcohol but IS Byob.
PS. The bad lighting is from my phone's camera lens, which is cracked and has seen better days....it's actually warmly lit and a perfect for picture-taking because of the wooden walls!
If you are looking for some good Dominican food this is the place nice and fast service! The price is amazing won't regret it 
I take my hot sauce with me because they only have mild 
Other than that it's great
I love Dominican food and was excited to discover this affordable Dominican restaurant on 12th and Callowhill.  Friendly staff made for a good start but the lack of air conditioning made for a stifling and uncomfortable meal.  There were a variety of dishes to choose from.  I had the tres gulpes and was underwhelmed.  The fried cheese and salami were good but the base of the meal was mushy and not flavorful.  My friend had the Tilapia which came out black.  I did;t ask her how it tasted but it looked severely If I were to go back again I would order the chicken lunch special - half a chicken with rice and beans for $7.50.  Also getting it to go would prevent from having to eat in an un-airconditioned room.  This place has potential unfortunately I didn't feel like it was quite met.
After reading the reviews, I had very high hopes for this place. I was not disappointed. 

The interior is very warm and comfortable. The owner and staff were very helpful, nice and attentive (but not annoyingly so).

The food, though. It was so so good. Not spicy, but very tender and flavorful. There was hot sauce on the table to add some spice. I had the stewed goat, stewed beef, rice and peas and fried sweet plantains. Nothing was my awesome. The portions were big, too. My two young kids happily ate my leftovers. 

I'm going back as often as I can. And bringing the kids.
Their yellow rice isn't to die for. I've had their steak with white rice and that was much better.
Omg this amazing find. Place is so delicious! The owner is so nice too and can accommodate any special requests. Food is quite tasty. Lots served in every helping. Brings me back to my childhood and makes me so happy!
I waited six weeks before moving walking distance away from Parada Maimon to try it after living the area for a few. SIX WEEKS! I can't stress that point enough. What a mistake! If you are in the area, definitely stop in here for some comforting Dominican food. That half chicken lunch special is all sorts of wonderful. Very, very flavorful although some may find it to be a bit salty. Both the fried and the sweet plantains are great, but I am partial the sweet ones. The fried ones could be a bit crunchier. Those rice and beans are very hearty and comforting. Can't go wrong with desserts or the patties.

I did try delivery via GrubHub once and the delivery guy was unfortunately not that friendly, but the food made up for it. When I did GrubHub pickup orders, I believe the person I spoke to was the owner upon arrival and he said that he wants me to call the restaurant instead so they get to know their customers better. Now that is great customer service!
The pork mofongo is really good. Highly recommend. The chicken pastelitos is Ok, not too much flavor. The seafood stuffed filer is very salty, lack of flavor. Also I saw a couple of fruit flies flying around
Very excellent place the food is very good just like homemade the decoration reminds me punta cana and the best of all is very affordable to your pocket
Before going to a show at UA, I decided to go here for dinner. I am glad I decided on this place because I enjoyed my meal. The place as that no frills look to it and the staff was very friendly. I ordered grilled chicken with rice & beans, and you get a good amount of food for the price you pay for. The chicken was seasoned very well and you get two pieces. This meal was under 13 dollars! I was kinda afraid in the bathroom due to the seat about to come down and I needed to hold it up with my hand to ensure no tragedies. Still, it is a great place to eat if you don't want to spend an arm or a leg.
My partner and I tried this place for the first time this past Saturday, and I gotta say, the food here tastes amazing!   We ordered the fried pork chops "family combo" with white rice, and beans. The combo also comes with fried sweet plantains, salad, and flan...FOR JUST $20!!!!! We also had a side order of fried green plantains, which were cooked to perfection, not over not under. The pork chops were seasoned, and also, fried to perfection.  Overall, this lil spot really surprised me.  I am very picky when it comes to taste, and this joint hit a home run as far as I'm concerned.
I got the roasted chicken dish.  Very tasty.  It came with rice and beans, also very good.  A huge portion as well.  Good place.
Ordered delivery and got the cubano. It was really good but didn't arrive as freshly hot as I wanted it to be. If I ever get food from here again I'll have to have it in house.
Love love love it,
Cheap prices, a whole heap of food piled on the plate. For greedy ppl like me that prefer a lot of food for a Little bit of money.
Food was scrumptious I had the chicken with yellow rice veggies and plantains and it was just so delicious.
Will be returning and bring fam and friends good customer service as well
Big fan of this spot. The lunch specials are out of this world, for real. for $10, I got a super authentic, amazing tamarind juice, homemade (too good, too fresh), a fat fat plate of red beans and yellow rice, and two big pieces of marinated, tender, sauced up chicken breast.

Service was fast, and the dude who runs the place was super nice. I'm a super white dude, and my girlfriend is spanish, and fluent, so he was loving how much of a gringo I was. I don't blame him, lol. He was a good guy.

Overall, nice ambiance, great location, great service, and super good food. Will for sure, 100%, no doubt be back.
Came across the Parada Maimon while I was super hungry. Left fully satisfied, after choosing from a great selection of meat, lots of rice and beans, fried plantains. Their flan is top notch. I'll have to try their Tres Leches dessert next time I'm nearby!
What a hidden gem! Amazing savory food! If you love Dominican food you should definitely hit this place up.. And if you haven't had Dominican food, you should try this place out! Super affordable.. You can eat like a king with their combo specials. The owner is friendly and accommodating! It's
BYOB and there is parking next to the restaurant. This is now one of my go to places!!
Was going to Underground Arts for a show and this place was a block away.  Decided to give it a go and very glad we did.  Wife had rice and beans, I had goat stew with rice and beans and flan.  Was 22 bucks with tip.  Food was very tasty and the owner was very gracious.  Highly recommend!
Best Dominican food and service I have had to date. They gave large portions and I couldn't finish all of it. My preteen son could, of course. And I saw a lot of Non-Latinos coming in to buy food. The only thing they are missing is a bar and a night club. That would be crazy hot!
The food here is phenomenal! It's flavorful and cooked to perfection! 

I always get plantains rice and pigeon beans with the pernil!
This is a great spot. The food is delicious and fast. Cheap prices and big portions. Counter food for quick takeout or if you just can't wait and the menu items arrive quickly as well. Owner is really generous and kind, will accommodate any request. BYOB.
Casual and low key atmosphere with fantastic food. We started out with the papaya 'Batida' and tostones. Had the steak and onions which was well seasoned and juicy. 
I wish I had left room for dessert.
Service is very friendly.

My party of 7 came here on a Friday after work and were able to get seated right away.
The stew chicken was recommended and that's what I went with.  Loved it.  Good sauce and chicken very tender.  I also got the mango smoothie.  Very fresh.  Had leftovers and even more delicious the next day

we also shared the tres leches cake and flan.  both really realy good. 

one note: my friends and i each ordered a side of tostones / plantaines.  each plate is enough to be a side for 3 people so no need to order a side per person!
This food is absolute trash. If I could give 0 stars I would. I ordered the pork (pernil) lunch special with yellow rice, sweet plantains and the soursop juice. Where do I begin...this was a delivery order which was over an hour late. I placed the order at 11:40 and my food arrived at 1:00 pm. When the food finally arrived, I was so famished and anxious to dig in. From the first bite of the side of plantains, I knew I'd regret paying $14 for this food. The plantains were dry and tasteless. I proceeded to eat the pork and yellow rice  and omgoodness was it salty! I mean the food was so salty that I didn't eat it for my health's sake. The soursop juice had enough sugar to send someone into diabetic shock...a huge disappointment.
Odd and unprofessional.  I just called to order catering for 25 people with a week's notice and was told I needed to come in person to order the food.  I am in NY preparing for my daughter's graduation in Philly.  Seriously? In 2017, you can't handle a catering order that isn't in person? #Getittogether.
It's covid season Mannnn. Sign in front states you should wear a mask before entering...which I was but the employees in this establishment wasnt even wearing one. Hmm. I got oxtail stew and chicken stew. Clearly the same stew broth, But different protein. So both dishes sucked, simultaneously. Not even season properly or at all. Eating here is like doing the two step and calling it bachata. No bueno.
I love this place! I luckily live close by and I get free whiffs of their delicious food every time I walk by! I've tried several dishes and they've all been amazing. You get tons of food and it is an incredible value. Last time I went, I got one of the family combo deals and I think I got 4 meals out of it! I love the ropa vieja too. I love the inside of the restaurant because it is so cozy and it SMELLS SO GOOD. I cannot stress how amazing this place smells. I highly recommend!
Came with family.... SOOO DELICIOUS!

Combo deals are BOMB! Good to share between 3 people. Definitely try the soursop juice if you're in the mood for a treat
I'm originally from ny and I'm used to having access to many Dominican restaurants. I finally found this worthy restaurant through Uber eats here in Philly and I felt like home. The food is so good and the portions are big for the price!!
No frills location for some Dominican comfort food. Their fried green plantains are just as good as the restaurants in Punta Cana. They give you huge portions for what you're buying. Tons of rice meat and beans. The food is a tad bit too salty for my liking so if you are trying to keep a low sodium diet I would ask for a reduction. It's not a great place to sit down and eat, better for take out to enjoy at home and share with your flatmates family style.
Went here on a Saturday night before a show at UA. Fast and courteous service. It's BYOB which is fantastic. 

Their portion sizes are plentiful and prices are cheap. We had the pork mofongo, half chicken plate with yellow rice and black beans, a chicken patty, and tres leche to go. I highly recommend trying mofongo and their chicken plate. They were perfect. Between two people, we had plenty of left overs, and the total was $24.

Definitely will return next time we're headed to a show.
As a Dominican ... I was OVERJOYED when I found la Parada Maimon... I order delivery from here often. 

El pollo guisado (stewed chicken) is delicious. This has been my favorite meal my entire life and to find a place that makes it good enough to trick me into thinking I'm eating my grandma's cooking, is superbbbbb. 

The sweet plantains, skirt steak, bistec encebollado (steak w onions), empanadas (pattys), tres leches are great. 

You get sooo much food for such a good price. I live in Univ City and I'm surprised they deliver this far... the food makes it here in great shape and I'm always a very happy customer
I heard about this place from a friend and decided to check it out for myself. It's at the corner of an area that can get kind of sketchy at night but the food is good and the price is great! 

I had a lunch portion of the goat stew. It comes with a heaping amount of yellow rice and black beans and a side salad with a few plantains all for the price of $7!! The goat stew was soft and flavorful. My only complaint is that I wanted to order the oxtail stew on that I saw on the menu but was informed that they only do certain stews/meats everyday so you have to pick from what they have.
