A little bit of Paris in Rittenhouse Square. I have eaten at Parc so many times I can't count! Today it was a snow day (weekday) lunch with the family. I have been numerous times for breakfast, coffee and croissants, eggs.. many lunches with friends, my fave is the French onion soup and salad lyonnaise. Although other lunches I've loved have been the croque madame and salad nisoise..and my son loves the mac and cheese. The bread basket is the best in town and we fight over the baguette slices. I also regularly buy baguettes from the front desk for $3, (at least every other week) great with dinner at home. The cheese boards are always yum, although no matter the restaurant they often have cheddar which I always request to switch out, because ... come on!!!! We've had Christmas Eve dinner at Parc a few times too, and other dinners too. Steak is a fave, and the burgers too. Oh, and the fries! You must order the fries!!! And they know to bring it with mayo!!! Only one dining experience I had a Parc did I have to ask the waiter to take my plate back to the kitchen, it was a tough chewy steak, they redid it and it came out late after everyone had finished their meal, so they didn't charge me. Hey, it happens. The pot de creme was my fave dessert from 5 years ago, they took it off the menu and I've been in mourning ever since. Parc is Steven Star's faux Parisian brasserie recreation, which takes me back to my childhood living in Paris where we lived in an apartment above a very similar looking brasserie called Le Scossa, where I had chocolate mousse (like Parc's pot de creme) whenever I was allowed! Definitely try Parc, it's the closest you'll come to Paris while in Philly!
Beautiful and luxurious. Those are the first two words that come to mind when I think of Parc. Everything about this restaurant makes it a five star experience. 

I've been here a few times now. My first experience was to celebrate the engagement of two of my lovely friends. After that, it was for celebratory lunch outings. Parc served as the perfect restaurant for all of these occasions. The restaurant is gorgeous. I love the beautiful and decorative set up, high ceilings and the spacious seating arrangements. 

My favorite dish is the warm shrimp salad. It is so simple but tasty and just the right portion size. It can be the main course but will leave you with room for hors d'oeuvres or sides. I recently had the French onion soup before my salad and it was excellent. Hands down, the best French onion soup I have ever had. I devoured every last spoonful. The presentation for both of these dishes was flawless. 

Given the overall feel of this restaurant and the fact that the prices are a bit steep, this makes for a wonderful restaurant to visit for a special occasion. It's always packed so I would recommend making a reservation. I know I'll be keeping Parc high on the list for where to go for all future occasions!
My girlfriend and I visited Parc while on a weekend vacation in Philly from where I live in DC.  We were looking for a nice dining experience with a less-than-formal setting, and that is exactly what we found.  Don't get me wrong - Parc is very nice, but it's a brasserie, so not as formal as "fancy" restaurants.  

The service was perfect-attentive and immediate, but never overbearing.  I'd say more, but really don't feel it's necessary.

As for the food - if you've been to Les Halles in New York (Anthony Bourdain's old stomping ground) you'll be familiar with the concept.  The food was simple french brasserie food, but executed well.  I would still give Les Halles a slight edge on the food front - specifically the fries are crispier and a bit more flavorful, but this was a very close rendition.  Additionally, Les Halles is slightly less expensive, but since Parc is in probably the most expensive real estate in Philly, and Les Halles is (slightly) further afield, I won't argue with it - it's still quite reasonable given the food quality.

In short - we found this to be a very pleasurable dinner, and it was quick and smooth to boot.

Highly recommended!
I liked Parc. Wanted to love Parc. Thought I of course would love a French restaurant I had been waiting a year to go to. It was good, but could have been better. 

The chicken liver mousse itself, excellent. It had like a red wine gelee (jelly) on top which paired really nice with it but the soft bread served with it wasn't the right vehicle. Should have been a toasted piece of bread. 

The steak frites, super flavorful but my medium steak came out more medium rare and it made it a little chewy. Fries were a little boring, don't think there was any seasoning on them at all. 

The chocolate pot de creme had too much going on and I think it was a little simpler, it would have been 100% better. Great espresso martini though!

So like I said good but not my favorite French restaurant.
So, out tonight with my guy and friends for our monthly Friday Foodie gathering. It was my 1st time at Parc and I was very pleased.

Piping through the sound system was melodic french music which sounded like a variety of contemporary jazz artists. Great tempo and volume for the overflowing crowd dining for the evening. Although there were many people filling the tables and bar area, the noise factor was surprisingly neither overpowering nor intrusive.

The restaurant was larger than I expected but tables were spaciously distributed so you did't feel so close to the neighboring table. Dim lighting set the early evening mood with hint of romance but enough light to make it appropriate amongst friends.

For my appetizer, I had escargot and my table-mates indulged in Macaroni au Gratin and ravioli stuffed shells with a delicate cheese. We all shared and each was an 8 out of 10 on the delicious scale. The escargot was tender in a broth containing mushrooms (& other ingredients I can't recall). They were out of their shell which was a departure from my previous escargot experiences. The Macaroni au gratin was piping hot with a white cheese. It was slightly rich and creamy with a mildly sweet taste that was so appetizing. The ravioli hors d' oeuvres of four was a appropriate size and were good. Light cheese filling and the pasta for the ravioli was simple without any fanfare.

For my entree, I had pan-seared scallops which in one word, Divine. A mild sweet flavor, tender and juicy. Although only 4 scallops were served with dinner,  they were generous in size and very filling. A top the scallops were black trumpet mushrooms, onion suboise &  peas. I am not a mushroom fan but found the assortment of all 3 to be tasty and savory.  

For dessert I had the coconut sorbet with rum... It was so lip and tongue swirling delicious, I decided on my next visit, I'm eating dessert 1st. Dessert & a cocktail all in one. What more needs to be written!?

Enjoyed, happy & full = return & I mean soon...
Parc is by far one of my favorite restaurants in Philadelphia. It's overpriced for sure (I swear that warm shrimp salad gets jacked up another dollar every six months), but for an occasional splurge I can deal. 

I've brought nearly every visiting friend or colleague to this place and everyone has enjoyed it. It's the perfect spot for a weekday brunch or lunch. As I said, the warm shrimp salad is where it's at, but when I arrive too early for the lunch menu I'm still pretty happy with the classic eggs Benedict. A friend had the poached eggs with mushroom velouté and asparagus recently and it looked fantastic. I may need to try that next time (which just so happens to be later this week!). Looking forward to it!
A friend of mine was having a birthday and she was celebrating it at Parc. I was invited and I decided to come along. 

I came fairly early and was quickly seated by the hostess. The person who was having a birthday is a frequent guest so we were given a nice seat right by the window. 

Soon after that, the person who was having a birthday came. The waitress, Jess, then came over and explained the specials to us. We were also given a nice basket of fresh bread. 

Around 10 minutes later, Jess came back. She took our drink orders. I got a sparkling water topped with fresh lime while others in the party hot drinks like Old Fashioned and Chardonnay. The drinks came out very fast and we're nice and cold. 

Around 10 minutes later, Jess came back and took our appetizer orders. I went with the beef carpaccio. It was really tasty and went perfectly with the olive oil and shredded cheese. It was topped off with fresh parsley as well!

Finally, for our entrees, I got the flattened chicken special. I was expecting it to be a bit more simpler, but it ended up coming with bones and requiring a lot of cutting. The chicken breast was very moist and tender, but the sauce applied was not my favorite. While I didn't love my entree, in the past, I have had fantastic entrees at Parc.

For dessert, I got the chocolate cake. The inside was hot and warm, but nice and gooey. The outside was crunchy, but not too hard. They added a nice touch of chocolate jobs on top, though I wish they put a little less on top. 

For the entire time, Jess was really nice and professional. She made sure everything was going smoothly and gave great recommendations. 

One of the hostesses also was able to get a great picture of everyone outside the restaurant. He was also really nice about it!

Parc also has a variety of outdoor seating, which is great! 

Altogether, Parc is a great restaurant with delicious food, a good ambiance and friendly staff!
J'adore Parc!! This is a fabulous restaurant. I wanted a somewhat romantic location for my anniversary dinner and had heard this was a very versatile establishment; I did not regret my choice.

If you're lucky you'll get a window spot that faces Rittenhouse Square (like I did), so you'll get some attractive views of the city. The service we received was wonderful, from the hosts to the bartender to our servers. 

The food is amazing. I got the cassoulet, something I had never tried before, and it was so delicious. If you're not in the know, it's a stew made of three types of meat with beans. Maybe it doesn't sound all that special but it was cooked to perfection and just thinking about it makes my mouth water. It's the Sunday special, so be sure to try if if you're there on a Sunday. My husband really liked his steak au poivre and said it was perfect. I was very pleased with our desserts, which were brought to us in a dazzling display of sparklers, which I greatly appreciated! The creme brûlée was on point, and the baba au rhum was an interesting take on rum cake. 

I will be back in the future and I can see why this is often touted as the best Steven Starr restaurant.
A friend and I had plans to meet at Parc, and being the first to arrive, I decided that we would be dining al fresco under the heat lamps.  It was a little bit chilly but the lamps provided enough warmth to keep me comfortable in my short sleeved top.  

We started our meal with a cheese plate that had five selections of our choosing: a Gouda-like, a soft, a semi-soft, a cheddar and a sheep's milk blue cheese.  The presentation was lovely and was accompanied by quince paste, almonds, apple slivers, a fig jam and some toasted baguette slices.  My friend and I agreed that the Gouda-like cheese reigned superior.  Our server, Michael, happily wrote down the name for me (Roomano, Netherlands).  

It was at this break in the meal where the people watching became most interesting.  A giant Hummer pulled up to the valet stand in front of Devon.  Eyes rolling, I waited for the occupants to show themselves.  When two gentlemen stepped onto the sidewalk, I was taken aback by how attractive the taller, well built man in the army green shirt was.  Then, I noticed something familiar about him... a second later, it clicked.  Joffrey Lupul!  Nothing like a hot Flyer sighting to get this cupcake's blood pumping!  (The Hummer party foul was long forgotten at this point.)

Where was I?  Oh yes, the second course; onion soup for me and mushroom soup for my friend.  As others have mentioned, the onion soup is slightly sweet and smothered with cheese.  It was so filling I didn't even finish.  Last, we shared a salad with shrimp, avocado and Parmesan lemon dressing.  The shrimp were large and fresh and the dressing was wonderful.

While we both thoroughly enjoyed our meal, several glasses of wine and our prime seating, there were a couple small things that were remiss.  While some have described the service as being slow, I would argue that any restaurant that depicts itself as French should always serve courses at a very leisurely pace.  With that said, there is no reason in the world why settings should not be cleared and silverware replenished in a timely manner.  We received new forks and knives after we received our salad.  Speaking of the salad, it arrived at our table on one plate, with another plate along with it.  Fine restaurants will typically split a shared salad onto two plates before bringing it to the table.  I was mildly irritated by this oversight.  

Regardless of the slight mishaps, I enjoyed Parc more than I had expected to and would definitely return.
A friend and I wanted to try Parc and managed to get a last minute (booked on Friday) reservation for Monday at 8 PM. We were seated right away in a cozy little corner spot inside by the window. Our server was very attentive and greeted us right away. We were brought a generously portioned bread basket and even asked for more baguette and butter.

To drink, we asked if they could make a Kir Royale, and they could! They were delicious. To eat, we started with the cheese plate. We enjoyed 2/3 of the cheeses and all of the jams and preserves. For my meal, I had the Steak Frites cooked medium rare and my friend got the Escargot. My steak was cooked perfectly but was on the salty side (as others have mentioned). The portion of fries was extremely generous, I'm not typically one to leave a plate of fries unfinished but there were a few stragglers that I could not eat if I wanted to have dessert (and I did want to have dessert). I'm too picky texture wise to try Escargot, but I did dip some baguette bread into the sauce - YUM! The buttery garlic sauce was perfection on the baguette.

To finish our meal, we had the Profiteroles. Instead of a cream or custardy middle, these had vanilla ice cream. Sadly, I am team whipped cream or at least a more custard based middle so I did not love the temperature of the ice cream paired with the light pastry dough. 

Overall, I was anticipating that Parc would be expensive. We spent about $100 per person and had two drinks each. Given that I was expecting this, I was not shocked at all. I thoroughly enjoyed my meal and will definitely return to try the brunch menu!
I've been to this place a bunch. Amazing bread (quite literally the best part) food is always great as well. Haven't had a dish there I didn't like but I mainly go there for the atmosphere the of this place. Main reason I keep going back. The seating and location is perfect for people watching and gives you that European feel. Service is always superb!
Parc is a really nice French bistro in the heart of Rittenhouse Square in Philadelphia. The food is consistently high quality and the dishes are prepared in a traditionally French manner. 

A few personal favorites at Parc are the French Onion soup and the apple tart. And of course the breads are simply wonderful...and they do have a solid selection of French wines by the glass.

On the downside, Parc definitely requires reservations as I have never seen it not busy and one could find themselves waiting for quite some time as a walk-in. With a reservation I have also always found myself seated at a nice table vs. one that is next to a busy aisle. Service is  generally solid and well intentioned, but it can vary a bit from server to server. Overall, when in Philly, I can think of no better place for a French brassiere experience
Brasserie on the grand scale (300+ seats (?) including Covid-encroached street lanes beyond the sidewalk) stretches its kitchen and bar well beyond their facilities and ability to execute.

PUSHING LIMITS
This spot was already pushing limits before Covid. Two host stands, one inside, one out to manage the horde of guests. (Actually, I liked this arrangement; otherwise, there's a cram of people waiting inside and glaring at you if you happen to have one of the tables near the front door)
So many places created outdoor dining to survive, but now that inside dining is allowed, all those extra seats are still in play. Except that kitchen, bar, host, and the rest are not designed for so many seats!
Don't get me wrong, I'm all about recouping losses incurred over the last year, especially as restaurants try to deal with the tsunami of pent-up consumer demand. But this is not fair to the professionals who already were stretched thin running twice the distance to outdoor tables, managing auxiliary prep areas in alleys and corners, and the massive crush for ingredients amidst dwindling supply!

HIT AND MISS
** Steak Tartare. Always a win here. Pre-mixed (ultimately for speed of prep i think), the blend is a nice balance of sweet and savory. Toast points warm and crispy.
* Cheese Omelette. HUGE. But very well prepared and not rushed. Books have been written about the proper treatment of eggs, mine is about oh-so-gently bringing them up to texture. This one will fill you up for sure. And your choice of cheese is a hot-pack inside. MMmmm.
# Pamplemousse cocktail. Tonight's was just a sour mess, starting to taste off. Is it a pre-mix, poured on demand? "Slush" of fruit sat at bottom. Had it sat on the bar for 8 minutes? Maybe.
## Seafood platter. Always a hit-and-miss. One or more of the selections will be _off_, as in going rancid. I have never had a successful platter here. Really. You should be ashamed of yourselves.

AMBIANCE
In a word, Intense. Warm lighting gives a retro vibe that might take you to your memories of France. This place is HUGE. Two large dining rooms, tables at the front door, tables along the sidewalk, and now two massive street-built table rows, one on each side of the restaurant.

RESERVATIONS
Are absolutely necessary. They're on opentable, and resy.
Welcome to Philly, fancy style, for a visiting New Yorker fresh off the train and famished after an early morning commute. Parc proved to be the answer to my mid-day hunger hangups, serving up slightly pricey offerings worth the dough on occasion, even if you live within a distance that does not require an Acela ticket.

A little lavish for a regular late afternoon lunch, Parc immediately mended itself to the bourgeois set in my mind, which did not stop us from settling down at a table on their sidewalk patio, sipping Sauvignon Blanc and enjoying the warm shrimp salad with avocado and buerre blanc. Light, crisp, fresh and reasonably portioned, there's enough reason alone to give this restaurant four stars based only on this salad. Really, it's perfect.
This place feels like a high school cafeteria.  Maybe I am spoiled by seeing the luxe French bistro concept work well in other cities.  Way too large and crowded for my tastes.  The only amusing part is watching middle-class grad students pretend they are on the Left Bank.    Many folks here from neighborhoods away, very disheartening.  I left my change on the bar after getting a round and some ne'er-do-well tried to use a ten dollar bill of mine to get a beer.  No apparent dress-code, but they ought to implement one.  Very slow service because of the dilettantes 3 deep at the bar mispronouncing the names of what they feel are grand drinks and proudly waving hundred-dollar bills.  But a nicely laid out and finished bar, well-prepared drinks from the bartender.  I didn't eat for fear of an even longer wait time for the food than for the drinks.
I've been lucky enough to dine at Parc a handful of times over the past 8 years and honestly, and it just keeps getting better. There was no finer was to end the year than with the classic shrimp cocktail and Lobster Tartine. In fact, this was one of the best meals I've had all year, and I can't believe I haven't written a review yet. 
Parc is simply overall charming. Great for girls brunches, good for date nights, sophisticated for private events. If the weather permits, it's wonderful for alfresco dining and people watching. Try the Onion Soup Gratinee, and continue through Steak-frites. Three cheers for Crème Brûlée! 

Four and Half Yelps.
i hit up parc for dinner in its opening week last summer - loved it. since then i have been back a handful of times for drinks and light fare, and with each visit the novelty began to wane. 

most recently i had my first parc brunch...and while good, it was simply not as great as i had hoped it would be. i get that it's a [starr] french bistro doing the minimalist chic thing, blah blah blah. and yes, most places tend overdo it on their portion sizes, so it's nice to have a small plate for those of us looking to eat healthy. and yes, my omelette (with herbs and raclette) was quite good. BUT...$13 for an omelette, with not a single side?!? 

interestingly, parc has a breakfast menu on their website showing sides like lyonnaise potatoes for an extra $3 and fresh berries for $6 as well as a few reduced prices compared to the same items on the brunch menu. perhaps this is the weekday menu (it does not say) tho i am curious why sides would not be offered to those of us indulging on the weekends.

like many upscale brunch spots, parc does provide a basket of assorted breads for the table, HOWEVER, we did not realize this until after our meal when making our way past other tables and eying up their tasty looking assortments. our server had recommended a pastry basket (for $8) which was enjoyed by all at our table, but she apparently decided we had enough carbs and didn't need the bread as well. um, ok...

while explaining some dishes and simultaneously pouring water (two things one would think are quite manageable), our atkins-friendly server also inadvertently spilled a little on my boyfriend's menu, and then filled my glass so high i literally had to slurp it before i could pick it up - all without so much as a 'pardon me' or 'i'm sorry'! not the kind of service one would expect when forking over $13 for an omelette.
Parc has been one of my favorite restaurants in Philadelphia for years. I went here yesterday with my mom and sister for the first time since COVID started. We had a fabulous and safe lunch! 

We were so happy to be seated in one of the chalets. They built personal chalets with cute christmas decorations inside that made the space really pop. Each chalet has heat inside, which was much appreciated on a cold day!

I had the aperol spritz to drink which was refreshing and delicious. The bread was to die for, as always. For my meal, I had the moules-frites, which are mussels in a white wine sauce and fries. Both were fabulous! I really loved the mayo dipping sauce for the fries. For dessert, we split the buche de noel. It was pretty good, but I wish the flavor had more punch to it. I would probably order something different next time, but it is a super cute Christmas dessert.

Overall, I definitely recommend this for a great and safe, socially distant outdoor dining experience. They have done a great job keeping everyone safe while still serving their delicious food!
This was a perfectly lovely French bistro - very similar to my beloved Balthazar in Manhattan. Our hotel concierge recommended this as a great spot to bring our kids. They had a nice assortment of food that would appeal to all tastes.

We had:

Bread Basket - very good, cranberry bread and sourdough. Delicious.

Moules Frites - very good, loved the broth

Duck a L'orange - very tasty

Ricotta Cheese Ravioli - delicious

Hamburger - very good

Rhubarb Gilette dessert - okay, nothing great

Cocktails - very tasty

Overall, we had a nice meal in a very pretty restaurant. The bathrooms were also very clean.
This is one of my very favorite restaurants in Philadelphia.  I have been here many times and have always had an exceptional experience.

     Starting with the service; warm, friendly, accommodating and genuine.  I always opt to sit at the bar whenever possible and I find the bartenders here to be fantastic.  I like a little chit-chat with the barkeep and the friendly staff at Parc, no matter how busy, is always engaging.
     They have a nicely stocked bar and a nice wine list.  The bread offerings are a carb-o-holic junkies dream come true.  The food is delicious, though don't come here if you are dieting, everything is rich & in typical French style - there will be butter!!!!
Today I had the spinach & goat cheese omelette - possibly the very best omelette I have ever had in my life.  Fluffy, flavorful, buttery, cheesy, yummy, fattening.
     Parc is a great place to go for a date, it's adorable inside & whether you are there with one person or a large group - you will have a good time.  It is a popular place and it does get packed, regardless, no one will ever rush you along.  Sit, stay, eat, drink - enjoy.
Cheers.
Macaroni Gratin: sauce was a tad runny. Really flavorful. So far my only positive experience at Parc.
I've always raved about Parc because of the short wait and efficient staff. 

I went to Parc recently for brunch. The restaurant was crowded as it typically is. We were seated right away, however our food took forever to come. Our waitress was not very attentive. She disappeared for a while and when we finally flagged her down, I asked if she forgot about us. She apologized profusely for forgetting about us and disappeared for another 30 minutes!  We ordered a fruit parfait and bagel with salmon, so I'm not sure why it took so long. This experience was incredibly frustrating.
Parc doesn't need my review. They have thousands. And the reviews are good. But if you are reading reviews and you might want to decide where to take your out-of-town-friends to an exciting food destination in the great city of Philadelphia, you might want to choose Parc. Why? The food is fantastic, the service is stellar and, it's elegant. Elegant you say? Yup. Elegant. Order anything... the escargot, the breakfast quiche (ohmygosh!) the warm shrimp salad, the most amazing French onion soup or the many beautiful items on the menu along with ELEGANT well crafted cocktails. You can't go wrong here. I'm telling you the truth. It feels like Paris (it really does, I've been) it tastes like Paris and it offers all of the goodness of what a major city offers with regard to food and service. Ok. I'm finished gushing. See you at Parc.
I love French bistros, more than any other type of restaurant. Every time we travel we make sure to eat at a bistro. 

Parc ranks there with the best bistros in New York, Paris, Lyon, London, Montreal, and anywhere else we have been.

The seafood plateau was incredible and the highlight of our time in Philly. The burger was what you always want from a bistro, this one was perfect. I haven't had many burgers in Philly, but my guess is that Parc probably has the best. The wine list is exceptional in the mid price range.

The service is a 5/5. Our server was friendly and attentive, and didn't rush us at all. She let us enjoy the seafood and after a five or ten minute break our burgers arrived. 

I love this place, and will be taking the train back to Philly for the sole reason of eating at Parc.
i didn't want to like parc, because frankly, i want to pretend i'm cool and anti-establishment, anti-big restauranteurs like stephen starr.

but, once you walk into the place, you melt...just a little bit.  it looks like a cozy french bistro.  well, cozy is a relative term, as this place could seat about 500.  dim lights, coathooks, cute little tables.

the service was great.  our waitress was super-nice and had extensive knowledge of the menu.  i ended up with the onion soup and cheeseburger.  the onion soup was delish (a little on the sweet side, but that's how i like it) with super melty cheese on top.  thank goodness i was not on a date, as there was no good way to eat it without strings of cheese hanging from your mouth.  the cheeseburger was huge (but more expensive than rouge) and the fries were thin and crispy.  the beef bourgignon (from the bite i had of it) was heavenly!
all the desserts looked fabulous, i opted for the apple tarte tatin over the creme brulee.  the tarte was fabulous with a scoop of vanilla ice cream, and the apples were perfectly cooked, not too sweet but with a perfect caramel scent.

oh yeah.  boo to the huge table of 30/40-something year old guys who were having a party next to us.  with the high ceilings, noise levels can get pretty darn loud.

so yeah.  maybe a bit pricey.  and maybe it's stephen starr.  but it's good.  it's close to my house.  and although i won't be dreaming about it as i would other places, i wouldn't mind coming back!
I am not the kind of girl who goes to Parc. It's just not me. I'm not bougie, and I'm not even fond of Rittenhouse food and bar culture. BUT, I must say, having brunch at Parc yesterday couldn't have been more magical. 

The ambiance was exactly what I wanted: bustling open-air interior, cougars running rampant, ladies with their miniature dogs, bottles of sparkling water over your standard tap, brunch cocktails (yes, please). Even though Parc isn't exactly my bag, eating my steak and eggs by the window, overlooking Rittenhouse Park, made me realize how much I love Philly.

The food was great, too. My steak was perfectly cooked and the eggs came served over a saucy baguette. I, of course, made sure to employ the "perfect bite" philosophy. My brunch buddy ordered the country chicken club. It came with the perfect balance and selection of toppings: avocado, BACON, tomato and chicken married with a special sauce. 

So, okay Steven Starr, I'll give you this one. Thanks for bringing Paris to Philly.
Spoiler alert: this might just be the best brunch I've ever had.  (And my mom said the same thing!)

We planned a ladies day (belated mother's day celebration) starting at Parc, and culminating in a day of museums hopping.  Needless to say, we were ready to fuel up.  We had reservations for 11:15am to sit outside - however with the impending thunderstorms, we were seated inside without a problem.  We sat down and our waiter came over to introduce himself, and explain some of his favorites on the menu (SO helpful!).  We ordered Bellini's all around to start, a very wise decision.

Food: We started with the Avocado Crab h'ors d'oeuvre to share; it was delicious (and so pretty too!).  The crab was fresh, and the avocado was BEAUTIFULLY ripe. A very nice start to the meal.  

Our waiter also brought out bread for us, which normally doesn't get served until noon, (it was around 11:30 by this point), and SO glad he did.  In-house breadmakers make the most delicious french bread (and other varieties too) - we all fell madly in love with the Cranberry Walnut bread, it was heaven.  Also in the basket was french baguette (omg yum), and a wheat-type variety, which was also delicious!  The star of the show was for certain, the cranberry walnut, although I could have happily lived off these breads until the end of time.

We split 3 entrees us for brunch (which, in reality was probably too much food) : 
Smoked Salmon Tartine - yum! and served on fresh french baguette, so good! 
Avocado Toast - again, the bread was amazing here, a 7-grain of some sort? Served with plenty of avocado, 2 poached eggs, and a tomato puree.
Quiche Lorraine - hands down the best thing on the table & the real star of the show.  SO GOOD! - Highly recommend trying this!  Filled to the brim with cheese, veggies, and bacon - what's not to love?

For dessert, obviously, we shared the Moelleux au Chocolat - which was essentially a chocolate lava cake.  So simple yet delicious!  We also ordered coffee during the meal, 2 cappuccinos, and a cafe au lait for myself.  

Definitely a pricier place, paying for the french ambiance and the prime real-estate, in Rittenhouse square, but I cannot wait to go back! A must-try for a fancy brunch!
AVERAGE french restaurant but with a CUTE atmosphere, esp the tables outside which remind me of Paris the way they're arranged

--complimentary bread basket: liked the baguette & sour dough.. cranberry walnut bread was OK
---croque madame: the bread was soggy underneath the egg & the egg was a bit over cooked. comes w/ a salad
---ham on baguette: ok BUT not crusty like the baguette from the bread basket... BEWARE the dijon mustard on this sandwich is PUNGENT

NOTE: the restaurant is HUGE so lots of seating, but it still gets crowded at lunch time

my least favorite Stephen Starr restaurant i've tried in Phili since it's really nothing special
I've heard people give Parc a bad rap. It's snooty. It's overpriced. The drinks are weak. The waitstaff is full of themselves.

But you know what, Philly? After almost 5 years and lots of dissing, I finally tried Parc. And my guests and I were blown away by the casual elegance of the atmosphere, the simple brilliance of the entrees, the plentiful and incredible bread basket, the attentive and quick service. My friends came to Philly again and wanted to go - you guessed it - back to Parc. Unfortunately, they were booked up in advance of my call. So get your reservations in early!

Allow me to expand slightly on my bread basket note above. We were so in love with the wonderful assortment of pastries, baguette, scones, rolls and fruity, nutty loaves that not only did we finish a whole basket, but my friends asked for another...and to take some bread to go. Not only did the waiter oblige, but he basically gave them an entire baguette for free. They won my heart with that one.

Boyfriend got incredible French toast slathered with sugary apples and thick cream. I wanted to eat half of it, but stuck to my shrimp salad with lemony dressing, one of the day's specials. Everything was perfect. I covered the bill for 7 of us, with drinks, and it was only around 160 or so. Not too shabby, definitely not cheap, but not overpriced.

As I said, book early. We'll be back soon!
Like Anna Marie, I went here with low expectations expecting to get imitation Balthazaar.  I would have preferred to eat at a smaller, less-hyped restaurant, but I gave into to my wife and our friends who wanted to give it a try.  

The first thing that struck me was the gorgeous decor.  It felt like walking into 1920's Paris, or at least a great American imitation of 1920's Paris.  They had Dogfish Head 60 Minute on tap, which is always a plus for me, and the wine and cocktail list were substantial.  Yet even as I was impressed at the bar, I was not expecting much in the dining room.

That is, at least, until the snails in hazelnut butter arrived.  The bowl was wiped so clean with bread that they could have served the next customer on it.  We also ordered the duck confit with pickled chanterelles which were as good as possible.  I opted for the Steak au Poivre to see how well they made the classics, and I was astonished.  Great sauce, good amount of pepper, perfectly tender beef, and huge.  I was shocked.  

I am deducting on star for two reasons: the cheese plate was mundane, and it does not seem right to give Parc the same rating as James or Southwark, both of which I easily prefer.  But all in all I have to say that I would willingly come here again.
I had such a lovely lunch at this gorgeous French cafe when I was in Philadelphia, and I'm so glad we chose this charming spot. It was a freezing cold December day and this place served as the perfect place to catch up, drink great coffee, enjoy a relaxed atmosphere, and also score some great food.

As far as the coffee goes, I don't think you can lose -- I went with a cappuccino and it was really well done. 

For lunch I ordered the curry chicken salad sandwich that's made with avocado, green grapes, and toasted almonds. It was one of the best sandwiches I've had in a long time, and the portion size was perfect. The brunch menu also looked amazing and I would love to come back and try that on my next trip!

Don't pass this place up... you won't regret your visit.
I'm a sucker for outdoor seating, so when I saw this place I immediately pulled my friend over to have lunch with me. 

Bad choice. This place is extremely overpriced for the amount and quality of food you get. 

I ended up ordering just a glass of wine and taking a couple of bites of her food. 

Everything I posted pictures of, plus glass of cheap house wine.. cost over $80 with tip.
Look, I'm not going to write a novel, here.  Parc is LOVELY.

If you're looking for a beautiful, quaint and what seems to be authentic brasserie, this is your spot.  The menu is super French with everything from rabbit to an herb and Gruyere omelet.  I spotted my absolute favorite menu item, mussels and frites, so it was a very easy decision for me.

The presentation is gorgeous.  And quite a hearty portion!  Imagine perfectly cooked mussels swimming in a luscious white wine broth.  Drooling yet?  You should be.  It was STELLAR.

Go here.  Get mussels and frites.  Get your French on.
Uh what is all the hype about this place? My fiance and I dined here for the first time for my birthday and it was so packed that you would think they were giving stuff away. Our extremely small kiddie table was positioned right behind the servers station and in the middle of what apparently was a main thoroughfare. It was absolutely awful, so we asked to be moved and got a better spot with a bench near the open doors. The food was not as memorable as I thought it would be. Don't get me wrong, my steak was good, but was it really worth $30? Not in my opinion. The cheese pate was good and so were our drinks, but that's the point, everything was just good. I make good at home, you know? Well anyway, I came, I saw, I conquered, and I probably wouldn't do it again unless maybe for lunch. Or if someone else treated ;)
My usual response to "Hey, a new Stephen Starr restaurant is opening up" is: "hrrumph!......pass the Lunchables."  I've always admired his restaurants without ever really enjoying them.  The lone exception is Pod, which is consistently great.   Parc certainly looks the part of a classic Parisian bistro.  All the requisite touches are there to make you think you're somewhere just off the Champs d'Elysees.  Problem is...you're in Philly.  There's a faint whiff of Epcot in the proceedings, albeit the food is many cuts above that Florida nighmare.  I had the sardine salad and the ravioli appetizer.  Good, not great....but chalk that up to opening night.  

Service was super slow at the outset but than recovered nicely to be, well, super.  The bill came to $150, for some wine and not a lot of food.  I was just a touch underwhelmed and probably wouldn't go back, except for a drink at the lively bar.  I hate to review a restaurant on opening night, but they've had plenty of time to get everything down.  The square will benefit by this new eatery...I'm just wondering if a Parisian would look on this place the same way I look at the wonderful little eatery in the ninth arrondisement called "American Burger Joe."  Pass the freedom fries.
"Grand opening on Bastille Day- and it happens to be my Birthday,
so we are game...

We were seated right away, but we waited a pretty long time for our waitress to come back to us with our drinks. After the manager saw us getting frustrated, he came over and apologized- then the service was stellar for the rest of the night. They did put a candle in my cake and thank god didn't sing to me. Thank you for that.

The food was really good; a little heavy and rich but that is what you get with French. I would go there again for drinks and appetizers. As usual with Steven Starr joints,  the bathrooms are just stunning."
"Faux but fine"

American interpretations of French fare that pretend not to be American interpretations. 

Portions reflect today's American life: the creme brulee is wide enough to swim laps in. 

Unlike other meat-driven topics, I appreciate the power, performance and all around majesty of big; when it comes to food, however, there's a size past which food gets incrementally less delicious. It's hardly grotesquery; I just don't want onion soup deep enough to soak my never-minds.

The burger is giant and even when it's rare, and greasy, it's also oddly dry. Fries are frite-esque but coated in something Coney Island when coating is not indicated. However both items are invaluable to sop up the drunk, when that's the issue at hand.

Good bread. Pretty bar. Clever upholstery. Friends say the mussels are excellent. The oysters are fun, and presented in an It's Your Birthday special way. Iced coffee's good. Coke's a little flat. Bloody's are reliable, though not exceptional. Hottie waiters, some especially so. One scorchingly so. Service is solid. Allons-y, y'all!
Parc is absolutely one of my favorite restaurants in Philly. Not only is the view of the Rittenhouse Park gorgeous, but the food is delicious and the service is superb! 

I usually come for brunch and I have to say, everything is delicious. My favorite brunch food items are eggs and they do it justice here. Their eggs benedict is excellent. The eggs are poached perfectly and the hollandaise sauce, oh so good! Just order your favorite French brunch item and it will be delicious! I've heard celebrity chef, Robert Irvine, claims their mashed potatoes are the best thing he's ever ate. I hope to check them out for dinner one day and try them. 

My husband ordered the onion soup gratinee during our recent visit and let's just say, they do French onion soup right! The beef broth was flavorful, the gruyere cheese (I assume) was quality, and the bread in the soup was firm, so it holds it's shape when we dug our spoon right through the thick, slightly burnt layer of cheese to get to the soup. My favorite part of the soup was the cheese crust along the sides of the bowl. That bought the soup over the top.

This recent visit, we picked up goods at the farmers market before coming here and we needed a place to store them. No problem! The hostess was so kind and took care of them for us so we can dine comfortably. Our server was also super friendly, super attentive, and super knowledgeable about the menu. Our food arrived quickly and they were packed! Reservations is definitely recommended. I really do not have any complaints with my dining experiences here. Now I just wish this restaurant would just transport over to DC! I love Le Diplomate in DC, but it's just not Parc!
Parc seems exactly what the four-star designation is designed for. It's a fun spot, with a bustling cafe ambiance, excellent service, and food that's very, very good.

I joined my parents for dinner here before they went to their concert at the Kimmel Center. They come here from time to time before concerts, as it's well located and they enjoy the atmosphere. While it was relatively quieter earlier (we had a 5:30 reservation), that didn't last long. This place gets busy, and because of the hard floors and ceilings, it gets loud. But while you probably wouldn't want to have an intimate conversation here, it's fun to be among the hustle and bustle sometimes too.

Our server (and his supporting team) was very attentive and knowledgeable, whether it came to the food or the wine. The food began with a basket of bread, which was very good--my mother is a particular fan of the bread with fruit/nuts in it, requesting a bit more of it, a request which they happily fulfilled. The weak link in the meal actually came first: I began with a galette of crab (in essence, a crabcake). On the positive side, it was pretty much all crab. But it felt as if maybe it was just a little over, and as a result, it was a little dry. The accompanying "tartar sauce" was a little heavy on the mustard, which overpowered everything else. It was average at best.

My main course was a big improvement: a poached salmon in a champagne cream sauce with root vegetables and cabbage. The salmon was cooked perfectly and was almost velvety in its consistency, and the veggies (including parsnips, yay!) were quite delicious. Only small criticism: the sauce does start to get heavy after a while, so if there were something acidic on the plate to serve as a counterpoint, that would have helped.

For dessert, the three of us shared two desserts: a hazelnut macaron, garnished with salted caramel cream and pear, and a chocolate moeulleux (sort of a molten chocolate cake, though not terribly cakey, which was good) with vanilla ice cream. Both were delicious.

Parc isn't a cheap date, but other than the stumble on the appetizer, it's an excellent choice for a fun dining experience. I'd certainly return at some point.
I look down on people who order salads at restaurants. I especially despise people who get salads at a buffet. Why would you waste time on cheap greens when there's all-you-can-eat roast beef?! But I have to admit, my kryptonite is a frisee "salad". Something 'bout a perfectly poached egg paired with pork bits sitting atop a frisee garnish gets me all googly eyed.

Parc has a 'Salade Lyonnaise' on their menu, aka a frisee "salad" so duh I ordered it. The food came out ridiculously fast, almost suspiciously fast (could it have been pre-made?). The best part about our meal was sitting at an open window overlooking Rittenhouse Park with a fresh breeze blessing our meal. The view of the park was wasted on me; I spent my time looking at other people's food. Everything on everyone else's plate looked delicious. 

The complimentary bread is really sharp, literally. The bread almost cut the inside of my mouth. Of course that didn't stop me from eating half a loaf. I took it on as a challenge.

My only drawback is that the prices don't reflect the French blase bistro atmosphere, it's more like $11 for my "salad" and $3 for my coffee. ($11 isn't bad at all but the salad is amuse bouche tiiiiny.) I hate paying for salads. But mine was dressed so well, I can't complain.
This review is for inside brunch with a small note about outside dining (wine + cheese).

Brunch: Last Saturday, on that unseasonably cold, damp, miserable morning I met up with some friends. Parc is so large that even without the outdoor seating there was no wait for a party of three at 11am. We were in a nice central area up against a booth flanked with mirrored glass. Service was just what we were looking for - prompt, efficient, not overly chatty and never in the way. 

The restaurant was noisy, but we were able to comfortably hold a conversation about my friend's upcoming wedding. I started off with an amazing mocha hazelnut and ordered the oatmeal brulee ($11). I never thought I'd say this, but it was completely worth the money! The texture was perfect (perhaps steel cut oats?) and the consistency was indulgently creamy. The raisins were cooked in with the oatmeal, making them plump and juicy. The entire dish was served with a burnt sugar top. I devoured the entire serving, and it filled me up until dinner. 

Outside Wine + Cheese: I guess you have to order an entree to get their restaurant baked bread because I've never been offered a basket. The seating on 18th is great for views, but if you have a larger dog with you I'd choose Locust for the extra space (side note: my small dog was stepped on while I was seated curbside on 18th).  Another caveat - the deep concrete reveals are perfect for collecting shards of broken glass.  On my first visit my dog proudly dropped a chunk of glass that he found on my lap.  

As for the cheese plate, for a similar price I prefer Rouge because they offer more accompaniments and a variety of breads.
Noisy, Crowded and way way way overpriced.
My lunch today was $33 ($66 for 2 - we split it) no alcohol, no dessert.

The Shrimp salad (delish) was $18.50 and we shared a tuna tartare $10.50
She had a beet salad and a $5 Coffee.

How this adds up to $66 is beyond me.

Anyhow I will NOT be back anytime soon.
Wonderful food and people watching but just too $$rich$$ for my blood.

Left hungry and broke.

.
Today was one of the worst service I had ever had... Top two for sure.  I was blown away as to how shi##y it was.  Let's see...Today MF and I got the 1/2 dozen West coast (today was Deer Creek) oysters, tuna carpaccio, and macaroni gratin. Last time I had macaroni, ravioli, spaghetti, and chicken.  Point is, service today was so bad they are beyond saving in my eyes.  Decent food, but not 'holy crap this makes up for bad service' food.

Food:
1.  Macaroni was good - thick, creamy, cheesy with a layer of panko bread crumbs on top.. but you can find good mac and cheese elsewhere.  OMG Fire and Ice?  Bacon-truffle mac and cheese = Holy crap!!  Point is, service is the differentiating factor.

2.  Deer Creek (Pacific Oysters) were delicious, but tiny.  BUT, you can find amazing oysters somewhere else also.  It's not the restaurant that makes the oysters amazing, it's their marine origin.  Thus, service is what look for.

3.  Tuna carpaccio - bland.  We ended up asking for lemon which I think helped alleviate that problem. 

4.  Spaghetti - boring. (initial review)

5.  Chicken (initial review) - good.  It's half a chicken and was very tasty.

6.  Wines - good election.

Service and Management:
First time I went, we were one of the only ones there, so they had no excuse to be crappy.. and they weren't.  Today, however, it was busy, but far from understaffed. Which means service should not have been as bad as it was.  

1.  Waters were not refilled unless somebody was flagged down.  Yes, the server walked by many times and looked over at us.  I guess she was that inattentive.

2.  Given the tiny tables we had, we had 0 room.  So once a plate is clearly finished, such as that gigantic bin of ice they put the oysters on... We want that thing OUT.  But no, it sat there, taking up space... ice melting, overflowing and  dripping onto the table.  I actually did not notice until I looked down at my phone wondering where the liquid on the screen is coming from.  And yes, she comes by and refills water when she was flagged down. "Do you guys need anything else?"  How about getting this $hit out of here?  But no, she didn't do it.   She even looked right down at it.

Oh, and just to be fair, we observed other tables.  Yes, their tables were getting cleared by people (including server, bussers, etc).  For crying out loud, the tables to our left and right had their things cleared in a timely fashion whereas we just continued to accumulate fulsome amounts of plates on our table.  If you don't care for me or MF for whatever reason, think about our neighboring patrons... they have to look at that mess.

3.  Packing:  DOES 'RIGHT SIDE UP' mean anything to you?  When we took it out to finished it, the macaroni was smothered all over the lid.

4.  Laziest managers ever.  They just stand in the back by the kitchen with a glazed look.  MF tried flagging one down for a lemon for the tasteless tuna carpaccio, but he conveniently did not hear.  Regardless, it's a sign of inattentiveness.  TO BE FAIR, we just ate at Zahav's - which had amazing food and the best service ever.  All other places I have been to, if I do see manager(s), they're always swimming around like sharks making sure everything is in check.
I haven't been to Paris (yet), but Parc certainly brought the magic of everything I've seen in movies regarding dining out in La Ville Lumière with their charmingly tight sidewalk seating overlooking Rittenhouse Square in the heart of Philly. What a delightfully unexpected taste of  the European lifestyle!

Met with friends here midweek and enjoyed an extremely leisurely brunch. I'm a carboholic through and through so I couldn't resist the chocolate croissant (buttery, flakey, melt-in-your-mouth manna from heaven)... they also let us enjoy a complimentary bread basket since our timing there was so close to lunch. If you can get your hands on that fruit and nut bread, smear it with some butter, shove it into your face, do not share, and thank me later.

I settled on the traditional, classic cheese omelette filled with gruyere and herbs. It also came with potatoes and, because when I'm traveling calories don't count, I also got a side of hollandaise. This was probably the most beautifully presented and textbook perfect omelette I've ever had. The eggs were cooked and folded just right, there was an ideal amount of cheese, the seasoning was spot on... admittedly, it was a very safe option (especially for those of us with dietary restrictions). 

I thought there were some server missteps (there was this Abbott & Costello moment where a random server was bent on placing the bread basket directly onto my friends clean plate and couldn't for the life of him understand why she kept trying to move it away from his hyper-focused aim; also, some other random server decided when we were done eating by removing our plates without asking us... sir, I was having a love affair with that fruit and nut bread [and dredging it through my hollandaise like the barbarian from the north I am] and you rudely intervened), but we also sat there lonnnnnnnnnnng after our welcome so I can't be too mad!
I absolutely loved this French restaurant/cafe, located in the beautiful Rittenhouse Square neighborhood of Philadelphia's City Center (downtown).

They are following Covid safety guidelines as of the date of this review (May 15 2021)

Food was superb! Escargots are a must have in that hazelnut butter - you definitely want extra bread just to soak all that up :)

Lobster cocktail was WONDERFUL - definitely do the cocktail sauce instead of the butter!

Beet and Carrot Salad was alright - I may have liked it more if the walnuts were candied but that's me. 

Seared Scallops were perfection. That Tangerine butter was exquisite!

Pot de Creme was rich without being overpowering, and was that crunchy texture coffee? It felt like it - quite a pleasant surprise!

Iced Cafe Vietnamese was perfect with dessert!

Had two cocktails: 
Le Paradis felt so refreshing on the palate! Nice little kick in the aftertaste 
Melon Fumè had an unexpected smokiness I thoroughly enjoyed. I would've ordered that one over Le Paradis had I known!

Loved the service from Edwin - such a friendly and helpful gentleman!
Le Diplomate in Washington DC looks almost like Parc including the menu and decor - which is a great thing.  Parc is a much larger restaurant and I couldn't believe how packed this restaurant was at 10:15 AM on a Saturday morning.  I love how it's across the street from the Rittenhouse Square Park.   The service was fantastic - so no complaints there.  We ordered the crab galette to start - it looks like a regular crab cake and it was really good.  There were no fillers and it was done within minutes.  For Brunch, we ordered the pancakes for my daughters and they really liked it.  It was very fluffy and tasty.  I ate the steak and eggs - this was good except the steak needs some seasoning - thankfully there was a salt and pepper shakers at the table.  I did ask them to cook my steak medium-rare, but it came out as a medium.  I wasn't in the mood to complain so I ate it.  My wife said her Eggs Norwegian was okay, nothing special.

Next time we will eat there for dinner.  We love Le Diplomate so we can't wait to go back to Parc in Philly.
Stopped by for a quick meal. Lovely waitstaff, gorgeous interior and overall an ambiance of allurement paired with wonderful coffee. Entree wise, I ordered the lamb shank and it was indubitably tender and succulent. Overall, smaller portions compared to other high end establishments. The chicken liver parfait was so creamy it gives butter a bad name, enriched with such delicate flavors, it spread so evenly... an exquisite silky smooth treat indeed. The dessert hazel mocha was warming with notes of vanilla which opened with such a crisp, bold flavor. I thought the leaf design was also a special touch. I would love to revisit for brunch sometime.
Excellent every single time. 

Many times I have come to this great restaurant, I'm always busy enjoying the company and the food that I don't take pictures or even write a review. I mean, it has already almost 1,300 reviews. 

This is the kind of place you want to bring business fiends, good friends as well as a date, partner or have a especial occasion. The reason for this is simple: great quality food prepared as it should, excellent service and it always... Always CONSISTENT. This is key for almost anything in life and any kind of success. (This is my believe) 

Retro and cozy with a touch of classic and a huge dinning space. 

Anything you have there if is not great it will be at least good.
We came for dinner with high hopes and empty stomachs and were somewhat disappointed. 

The place definitely has the bistro look going on. The design and styling look like an iconic Parisian outdoor restaurant/cafe and they did a fine job at getting the atmosphere and detail just right. 

I always start with the good. I think it is more polite that way so here we go. 

The baguettes and bread we received to start were very very good and on par with the baguettes you get in Paris. The bread culture in the states is not quite there yet and I have had some very crummy bread (no pun intended) in very fine restaurants - so I think this is commendable. The butter was bland and a couple degrees too cold - a sprinkle of salt would have done it good. 

We had grilled sardines for appetizer with Arugula salad. The salad was very fresh and nicely dressed but the sardines on toast were not, didn't get the crisp or charred flavor I was hoping for just greasy fish on a soft bread. 

We tried 2 steaks for dinner - the steak Au poivre which was very very tasty, perfectly done to temerature, nice peppery flavor with a lightly creamy peppery pan sauce. The steak came with limp potato gratin that seemed like it was nuked in a ramekin or sliced from a bigger piece of nuked gratin whiteout a trace of a crispy crust whatsoever. The sauteed spinach that finished the trinity was nicely done with butter on a pan so 2 out of three ain't bad. 
The steak frits was a disappointment, we got over slaty very chewy piece of hanger steak, it wasn't a temperature issue, the steak was nice and pink on the inside, it tasted smoky (and not in a good way - think sud) rather than grilled. The long cut fries were slightly limp but definitely eatable. 

I tried 3 wines - a Rose Brut to start which was very refreshing to start. I had a glass of Languedoc which was unextraordinary. I also had a Malbec which I thought lacked depth of flavor it was very plummy and not much more. 

Didn't try desert - maybe next time. 

Our waitress was freakishly happy - with a Cheshire Cat smile and demeanor that made me wonder if I missed some shrooms that were hidden under the sardines. With that said the service was good - a little rushed - I would have wanted another 5 - 10 minutes between appetizer and entree. 

All and all not great but not bad - best thing about dinner was the bread which I was happy to see on my way out is for sale.
Almost living up to the hype, Parc Restaurant, Bistro & Cafe will satisfy Francophiles but everyone else will only find it average.

If you want that prime seating at Parc Restaurant facing Rittenhouse Square, good luck - we had reservations and still had to sit along the side outside. It's a Stephen Starr restaurant, so expect an inspired themed menu with high prices to match. If you're a big fan of French food and that atmosphere you'll probably love this place.

My girlfriend and I started our meal with the Oeufs Dur Mayonnaise (deviled eggs and King Crab), which was a highlight of the meal with a creamy filling and authentic real crab on only tragically four eggs. For our entrees, I had the Duck à l'orange and the Mussels. The duck à l'orange was flavorful but little dry, a surprise considering all of the juice on the plate (if you're on a table with a slight slant be careful, as the low-lipped plate dramatically increases your chances of spilling). The mussels were far better, cooked tender and in the shell and only lightly spiced. The best of everything though, were the macaroons, each one with their own unique flavors (orange, chocolate mint, etc.) and each one better than the last (you get six for $5 and they're a little larger than a half dollar).

All in all, I didn't walk out of Parc wanting to go again anytime soon. The restaurant isn't for me (except macaroons, which are worth the trip), but if you're  hankering for a little bit of France in Philadelphia, you'll have a much better experience.
Downgrading to two stars. The same mediocre food, or maybe worse, now with worse service. Two orders of oysters served without sauce or explanation for missing sauce. Two orders of trout almondine, also virtually sauceless - just a dry dump of almond shards, so dry you cough. A tiny, violently overpriced cheesecake (cheesefinger?) dressed in a layer of inedible herbal hay, accompanied by a tiny blob of ice cream uncoordinated in flavor and assaultive in gritty, gross texture. And most notable, a waitress whose bitchvoice was So. Annoying. it could not be remedied. Nor did it help she found all the wrong times to come by and interrupt, then linger with seemingly mandatory tasks like fold somebody's napkin while we're clearly waiting for her to move on before continuing our conversations.

Sorry but: Pass on Parc.
In Philly, restaurant service can be very very poor. In most cases, it is at best mediocre. This is probably in keeping with its general anger and abrasiveness. Makes for good sports fans, but lousy waiters.

I give Parc a four star rating not because of its food, which is competent but never stellar. Instead, for  offering the rare opportunity to enjoy good service. This is a signature of the Starr corporation, and I must say it has made me a huge convert.
My first review of Parc was removed so let me try to be more specific. 

After having dinner at Barklay Prime we walked up the street to have drinks at Parc. The place was not crowded, and as I stood at the bar waiting to be acknowledged for several minutes I noticed the bar tender counting her tips for the night. Fortunately the bar back got her attention, after realizing I was upset she was unable to muster the the two little words "I'm Sorry".   We ordered drinks and instead of vodka tonic, she brought gin and tonic- two very similar clear drinks with two very different taste.  When I pointed out the issue again she was unable to say "I'm Sorry".

As far as the atmosphere I found the crowd to be extremely uptight, stuffy and rude. 

The food might be good, but based on the customer service I received from the bar and the stuffy environment, I doubt I will be back..
Great onion soup.  And friendly service.  That's about all Parc has on the 'pro' list. 

Cons include a horrible beet salad, marginal escargot, and terrible tuna tartare.

I love the ambiance, but the food here is definitely lacking.  This is no Pastis. 

PS. Skip the rose here.  It's no Chateau de Marres.
I love Parc. It is definitely one of my favorite restaurants in Philly. 

I especially love Parc when it comes to Saturday/Sunday brunch with one or more of my girlfriends. This is the perfect place to go when you are not in a rush and really want to enjoy all the aspects of "brunching" - mimosas (table side champagne please), gossip, people watching, more mimosas. They also have a good wine list. If it is a nice day and you can get a table outside, definitely go for it, but the atmosphere inside is great as well.

The bread basket is amazing. The burger is a must. The french toast is delicious. I have never had an issue with the service (it can be a really long wait if you don't have a reservation though).

Dinner is great here too - I usually go for the steak frites.
I dont like phony atmospheres. My friend said it's Epcot but it's not. Disney would not have approved the distressed windows or the very new made to look old torn poster designed to look  hapahazzardly placed in the encasement while being shelled by the Germans in WW2. The lighting made me uncompfortable. The designer should have borrowed from Thomas Kincaid. At least he can create pretty paintings of bistros. The food was just ok. But this is Philadelphia and most Philadelphians have'nt been to Paris or Pastis so we will eat our cake.
I've eaten here too many times. Today was underwhelming but it's usually better. It looks and feels like Paris. Sit outside with your pup. Check out the fabulous Rittenhouse Square crowd. Eat great bread and pretty good French food. Escargot is a must. Lots of celebrities, local and afar. See and be seen!
An elegant, beautiful spot to enjoy a classy meal. The interior is spacious and beautifully decorated, the outdoor would be perfect on warm days to enjoy a cappuccino, and of course the proximity to the park doesn't hurt! 

As for the food, you can expect classic French dishes for every meal. I went for breakfast on a weekday and enjoyed the poached eggs and asparagus with mushroom velouté, which came with a grilled baguette piece on the side. You'll also find other favorites like eggs Benedict or eggs and soldiers. If you're looking for something super healthy or newfangled, this probably isn't the spot for you. 

In terms of value, those three dollar signs on the Yelp biz page aren't lying - it's a fairly pricey place. I'd compare the prices to those of a nicer hotel restaurant or room service.... but the quality of the food is much better than what you'd usually find at those types of places! Personally, I think it's worth it for a splurge once in a while when you want a nice scene and excellent service. 

Looking forward to coming back in warmer months and enjoying those cute outdoor tables!
This is probably my favorite restaurant in Philly.  The food and service is outstanding.  The place is huge especially with the expanded outdoor dining.  Went here for drinks at the bar one night then ate lunch the next day.  

All the food we ordered was great, but surprisingly the spaghetti bolognese was one of the stars- who knew!  My daughter polished that one off.  Other favorites were the steak tartare, Alaskan King Crab leg, Mussels and steak frites.  

Make sure to make reservations through Open Table or you can find a seat at the large bar.  Glad there is a sister restaurant in DC- Le Diplomate.
***Great, Classy French Dinner***

Note--this review is only based on one dining experience for dinner.


Positives:
-Great location: the restaurant is situated right on Rittenhouse Square. Must be nice to enjoy a meal outside (to see and/or be seen depending on your goals) when the weather is permitting.
-Moules Frites: Excellent entree. The best part was all the leftover sauce from the mussels that you can liberally sop up with the bread. There were a good amount of mussels and the fries were really tasty, although I could have stood them coming out a bit warmer. Since this entree was one of the cheaper options, I'd highly recommend it.
-The Bread. It is delicious and they will be happy to bring as much of it as you desire.
-Milk Chocolate Pot de Creme: just about as rich as a pot of creme...absolutely chocoliciousness. Highly recommended for all chocolate lovers.
-Service is very professional and well done. No qualms. 
-Parc matchboxes. Make sure to pick one up before you leave for the novelty.


Why Not Five Stars:
-From the small sample size of what food for two people, it seems they use Cheesecake Factory-esque portions of butter in their dishes, much to the same effect (of making them delicious). And of course, the ingredients are better here, but by no means think of this as a health meal for most orders.
-Bathrooms could have been nicer. One of my metrics for a really nice restaurant is how nice the bathrooms are. While they were very clean, large, and elegant enough, I have been to slightly cheaper restaurants whose bathrooms are a good bit fancier. Unfair as it may be, to get into 5-star territory, I need to be all-around wowed, and for the price of this place, I expect luxurious bathrooms.
-Trout Amandine: My friend ordered this...it looked good and that's what he indicated, although I don't think it blew him away. The haricots verts (aka green beans) were really good though. 
-Fromage Blanc Cheesecake: good but not great. Again, if you love chocolate, go with the pot of creme. 
-It ain't cheap.


It's definitely an older crowd here with a few families, but it still seems like a nice place for a classy date. Yes its big, and perhaps for Philly residents slightly touristy, but I would recommend Parc to anyone looking for a nice dinner.
I'll be honest, I've been to a lot of restaurants in Philadelphia & have never cared enough to review one on here.   This place has gotten so much hype over the past few weeks & Stephen Starr obviously knows what he's doing (though I'll admit, I'm not always a huge fan of his restaurants), so my expectations were pretty high.  Plus, I've always found places like Balthazar & Pastis, which this is clearly modeled after, to provide predictable, reliable, good French food & thought it was a great idea to open a place in that mold here.  First impression: the place was way too big & way too noisy.  The bar didn't seem inviting at all, so I just found a spot along the wall to wait for my friend.  I know this will sound kind of off, but it almost felt like a TGI Friday's, with the long uninviting walkways & all of the various pockets of seating areas & the multiple hostesses, none of whom seem completely sure what was going on.  Okay, the food.  Granted, I only tried the steak frites, but that's what I always order in any French restaurant, and this one was disappointing.  The steak was tough & the frites were cold & soggy.  A friend of mine raved about the lunch menu (though he did warn me about the frites), so perhaps a return visit is in order, but I definitely won't go out of my way.
Parisian setting right across Rittenhouse square.  Doesn't get any better.  

No kidding.

Spoiler alert: this might just be the best brunch I've ever had in Philly.

No joking.

This restaurant is all about the total dining experience and is well deserving of 5 stars. 
Service, food, decor, ambiance...you name it, 

No shit.

Service: attentive and friendly and very nice/real at the same time.

No playing.
Loved dining here. It reminds me of Paris so much. Service was friendly and coffee was great. Good people watching if you sit on the tables outside. Quiche was good, but I'd order something different in the future. Prices were pretty fair as well.

The quality of the bread was also great. A really great experience!
Ah yes, the rare 1-star review for an otherwise well-reviewed restaurant.

I have really, really wanted to like Parc; however after three visits, I will not be going back and will not recommend this place to anyone I remotely like. 

Strike 1: While visiting Philly, the BF and I went to Parc due to its great location on Rittenhouse Square and their good reviews on Yelp. Our server recommended the petite seafood platter, for portion size and variety of seafood included. We took her recommendation. After a prolonged wait (so long that they comped us for the wine), the seafood platter arrived. I thought it was ok; kind of bland, but passable-- until I tried the crab legs, which for some inexplicable reason, tasted like watermelon. The whole thing, in fact, was so bad that we couldn't finish the food, lost our appetite for any other food, and joked about how bad it was for months on end after that.
-- Saving grace: friendly service, yummy foie gras appetizer on special, and comping us the wine because of the long wait for our food

Strike 2: After moving to Philly, the BF and I went back to Parc on a beautiful Sunday afternoon for people-watching and some drinks outside. We ordered some raw oysters to accompany our drinks. It was a wonderful afternoon-- until about 4 hours afterwards when the BF became violently ill. The most likely thing we could attribute it to were the raw oysters. VIOLENTLY ill-- such that he missed work the next day. 
-- Saving grace: friendly service and delicious cocktails. And to be fair, choosing to eat raw oysters is a risk in and of itself that we consciously undertook. Still, VIOLENTLY ill. 

Strike 3: I went with a colleague for a work lunch, and she had afternoon meetings scheduled, so we were on a time frame. I thought arriving at 12:30 would give us enough time for lunch. We took probably 10-15 minutes to order after sitting down. Our entrees had not arrived by 1:15 PM, and I asked the server to check on them because we needed to leave by 1:30. I asked for the check at that time, and he said he would check on the food. After coming back to our table to settle the check, he walked off before even giving us a chance to follow up on what he found out about our food. It took several more minutes to flag him down to ask him about the status of our food, at which time I also asked him to box up our entrees to go. Finally, we left without having touched our entrees, barely making our 1:30 departure time. 
-- Saving grace: none this time. The server was friendly enough, but pretty lackluster when I asked him for a recommendation between two dishes. He just recited to me what comes in Moules Frites (yes, mussels, yes, white wine and butter broth) and Pappardelle Bolognese (yes, wide noodles, yes, meat sauce.. got it).

Some of my negative experiences here can be chalked up to sheer bad luck. However, in three visits, we had more than one experience with slow service and bad seafood. Add in bad luck, and there's no reason to return.
Parc definitely lived up to the hype. It has a great location- adjacent to Rittenhouse Square and I loved the restaurants authentic parisian feel. Our service from the moment we entered, to the moment we left was stellar. Our napkins were even folded every time we left the table. We had a few glasses of wine, and enjoyed some appetizers. I went with my go-to Moules Frites (mussles w/French fries) they came in a white wine au jus with shallots and garlic. The mussles were fantastic, but the French fries were out of this world delicious! Our dinner here was excellent. I would recommend this place for a special event or a great date night. I will be back!!!!
Now i have only been at Parc once, right when it opened, so take what I have to say with a grain of salt...

Some cousins and I met for dinner a week or two after Parc opened, and it was the perfect summer night to sit outside and people watch.  Hey, if you're going to gawk, Rittenhouse is definitely the place to do it!

Service was terribly slow, and our waitress was extremely sweet but clearly way in over her head.  Our salads took almost an hour to come out, and drinks were slow as well.  My cousins got the duck confit and LOVED it, and I got the beef bourguignon.  

The restaurant is beautiful on the inside and definitely has the French cafe feel to it.  If you're looking for French food and good people watching, Parc in the summer would be the place to go; however, be patient with the service and expect a wait.
Having lived in Paris for several years, I've been yearning for that "je ne sais quoi" of a real Parisian brasserie.....and I'm glad that Parc finally brought it to Philly. 
I went to the Bastille Day opening night with my husband and 2 friends. When we arrived, the place was packed and we were told to wait a few minutes before being seated. Pessimistic as I am, I was sure that this was the beginning of a bad night....but it turned out to be just the opposite....we were seated in 10-15 minutes.
Once at our table (love the open windows on Rittenhouse Park), everything on the menu sounded good. I picked a very traditional and delicious country pate appetizer and steak-frite entree. (God bless a Chef that can make a perfect Medium-Rare steak!) Our table also ordered a (few) carafes of red wine which were surprisingly good for a reasonable price. My only disappointment of the night was an undercooked creme brulee...but I'll go back to try again when its not the end of opening night!
Overall the food was great, the atmosphere was authentic, and our service was perfect (not too fast - but I don't like that anyway...and not too slow - so that I considered eating my arm).
I'll definitely be a frequent customer here!
Soooooo expensive.

The food was ok.  Bread was awesome.  Drinks were decent.  Sandwiches were buttery and delightful.  Fries were mediocre.  Nicoise was one of the better nicoise I've had, but not the best.  But seriously.. $12 or whatever for a sandwich?  Get a grip.

I might have gone three stars because it's nice to sit outside on the park, but during the lunch hour the service is atrocious.  We waited forever for our drinks (since the server forgot mine the first time) and even longer for the entrees.  Two hosts at the station outside couldn't get parties seated fast enough so there were at least ten of us milling around waiting for a table even though there were plenty of empty ones.  Hint: when your servers can't get to a freshly seated table within ten minutes of their sitting, hire some more servers.  Jeebus.

I might venture back to try the onion soup and some of the other cocktails, but if I do I'm avoiding peak hours.
So great. Great location in the edge of Rittenhouse square. Beautiful inside the restaurant they also have outdoor eating as well. Great and attentive service not too overpriced either.

Wine list is solid and filled with nice French wines. The menu was impressive as well. 

Food - excellent. We didn't have a bad bite of anything. Mussels were great, steak also cooked well and a good piece of meat. 

Will absolutely come back.
My friend and I came here specifically for the creme brûlée. Right when you enter, you feel like you are in Europe! It's so beautiful and it wasn't difficult to get a table at 7pm on a weekday. We were seated immediately, and informed the server we only wanted dessert. He didn't look at us oddly and just smiled and brought waters over right away.

The creme brûlée was the perfect texture, large enough to share, and came with two biscuits on the side. It's such a cute place to just sit and chat, inside or outside! Love love love!!!
LOVED THE FOOD AND THE ATMOSPHERE, and for the most part, the service. Would definitely recommend this place as a brunch spot! 

I came here with 3 friends (one was late) on a Friday not too far from Christmas. The place was quite full of people, but there didn't seem to be a wait and we had made a reservation as well just in case. We were able to be seated without our full party, which I found to be quite nice. 

We ordered French toast, the salmon tartine, the quiche Lorraine, and what I think was the eggs basquaise. 

We also ordered a round of mimosas but the waiter only carded me, which made me feel sad (lol). 

I'd highly recommend the quiche and French toast. All the dishes were really good, but these 2 stood out to me the most - especially the quiche. 

Definitely will return here for brunch, lovely place with a European vibe; they have outdoor seating as well, if you want to eat outside and people watch.
Perfection.

I've been twice now. The first time was for a business lunch, and I spotted M. Night Shyamalan with a crew scouting out the interior for a movie. 

Every time I have been here, it's literally like a fairy tale. This is the kind of place that you want to bring out of town visitors on a beautiful spring day. They'll want to move to Philadelphia, seriously. The servers are on point and very attentive, friendly and oh so nice.

Even with a sort of large group, nothing was amiss. I started with a cafe Americano, segued into a coffee, and then tucked into my main dish - the chicken country club, which was just about superb. It just needed a tiny flurry of salt. 

PRO TIP:  Patco users need to get off the 15th and 16th and Locust stop (the very last one)
During my roughly 5 week stay in Rittenhouse Square, I went to this place eight times.  Eight times.  And not just because it's about a block away from my hotel, it's because this place's atmosphere, food, ambiance, service, drinks, and prices simply cannot be beat.

Tomato tart is unreal, as are the haricot verts and the cauliflower gratin.  They make a mean Sazerac (absinthe and rye cocktail, not for everyone but very much for me), and have a really reasonable wine list.

I did find a piece of glass in my cauliflower gratin (which was horrifying, but law of averages folks, over a lifetime of meals, you're going to eat some glass), and they comped everything, took care of us, and made a potentially disastrous situation tolerable.  Oh, and that was like the 4th time I had gone.  So yeah, I went 4 more times after getting glass in my food, so I think that says something.
I was really disappointed with a recent visit to Parc. I understand it is a pandemic, but I feel businesses should be grateful for people who are willing to spend money and give them the service they deserve. For a lunch that costs well over a few hundred, I honestly would have received better service at a diner. 
We visited during a very cold day and we were happy to sit outside. You need reservations for the outdoor pods but each uncovered table has a heater and you can sit there without one. I took my niece here as a Christmas present after hearing such great things about it. The hostess and that portion of the visit was pleasant and inviting. 
Once we sat down, we sat and watched tables around us get attentive service, while we just sat.  A table that was sat well over 5 minutes after us received service before us. I feel for our restaurants right now so I just stayed patient. Servers walked by us and saw we were sitting. Our food came before the drinks. When the food came out, my lunch was missing but no one ever came back to touch the table to check in, so I sat while my family ate. Our waters sat empty for a the entire meal. I was never asked if I wanted another drink. By the time the server surfaced, my family was done so I asked the server to just take it off the check and the response was: that's my fault I forgot to put it in.  No offer to make it up or actually even just bring it and discount it(it was only soup). The food we did receive was good, which was the reason for any stars. We had the crab and avocado, macaroni and cheese, soups, and hot drinks. 
I understand the outside seating is a challenge but when people come to a restaurant and want to tip 20% to support the service industry, and when people are really watching their spending, the servers should not take it for granted. Of course I still tipped 20 percent, but I feel like saying the service is bad because we are in a pandemic is not acceptable. Absolutely not worth the money. This was my first and my last visit.
I really like the atmosphere at Parc because it gives you the feel of a cute European cafe. It was nice to go there and relax with a nice glass of wine after walking around all day. David was our server and he was very nice and attentive. He brought out a basket with an assortment of fresh breads while we looked over the menu. The Cranberry Walnut bread was so delicious! It was some of the best bread I've had in a long time! I almost wanted to order some wine and just eat a bunch of bread. We ended up ordering the 7 cheese platter and everything on it was amazing! If you love cheese you HAVE to get this platter. It was a cool place to hangout, eat some delicious cheese, drink some wine and just enjoy a beautiful day outside. I really want to go back and try some of their lunch and brunch items next time I'm in town.
Stopped in for breakfast recently at Parc. Huge space. Decent breakfast/brunch menu, although they're probably best at dinner. 

Had a mint iced latte which was decent. A bit on the sweet side, and couldn't really taste the espresso, but I was expecting this when I ordered it. For my entree, I had the polenta and eggs basquaise. A very filling dish, the polenta was creamy, eggs were perfectly poached, and had some great flavors with the peppers/onions/tomatoes and bits of pork. 

Service was quick - they weren't super busy for a weekday breakfast.
Honestly not really sure all the hype is about. Parc is OK at best. 

The restaurant decor is top notch, the atmosphere is all right and the service is seemed a little forced - like they're trying just a tad too hard but you're trying to impress, so I get it. The food however, was meh. 

I'd recommend skipping the onion soup - it looks and tastes rather similar to any french onion soup at another establishment for more than half the price. If you actually want soup with your meal, I'd recommend going for the mushroom soup - that was actually pretty delicious. 

The escargot was okay, it came out in a small bowl drowning in butter. I know I sound mildly bougie when I say this but...the ones in Paris were better. Even the frozen ones (there goes my bougie card). 

We ordered the lamb shank and prime rib as the entrees. The prime wasn't out of the world but the lamb shank was definitely tender and flavorful. 

For the amount of money spent here, I don't think it was worth it. I'm not really sure if I'd come back for another taste. There's definitely other french-inspired restaurants in Philly that are just aesthetically impressive but are also actually worth the dolla dolla bills.
I have been to Parc around 5 times for dinner. The food and general vibe of the place is really good! However, I've been to many comparable places in NJ/NYC and think that Parc is a little bit more expensive, which is why I docked one star. A lot of this lost value comes from the fact that the entrees largely do not come with sides. And I love my potatoes!!! 

I've found all the appetizers to be pretty good! I've tried the Salmon and Steak tartare, French Onion soup, and the escargot. All pretty yummy, thought definitely not the best I've ever had. French onion soup surprisingly left a little impression on me, but it seems like a lot of people like it. The bread was DELICIOUS. 

I ordered the duck last time I went, which came with some mushrooms and onions. Normally, for a 30+ dish it would come with a side of potatoes or something, but I had to order it in addition. My father ordered the sea bass - but again, it didn't come with a side for a pretty expensive dish. Otherwise, it was pretty delicious. Again, not the best but pretty yummy! My favorite dish from them was the Beef Bourguignon, which I tried to later recreate with my boyfriend. Spoiler alert - Parc just does it way better. Idk why I even tried.  

The vibe is super nice, and the restaurant itself is incredibly cute. It's a really nice place to go as a first date, but I'd recommend going somewhere else for more money efficiency. We went for my boyfriend's birthday, and they actually brought over a small, complimentary palmier with his creme brulee. Small details like this make Parc a really good dining experience.

tl;dr - go to parc a couple of times, enjoy the vibe and the food, but keep in mind that it's pretty expensive for the food you get.
What a fantastic brunch! 

The coffee: delicious, fresh and constantly refilled. We left pleasantly buzzed. 

The food!: a lot of classic brunch staples like Bennys and omelettes, along with some eastern French influenced items. The best home fries I have ever had. I think they must pan fry them after precooking. Just crispy and perfect. The family shared a few of the mini pastry baskets-- do not hesitate. Get one. Get two! Everything is baked on the premises. Tiny little bites of yum. 

I was so envious of those who get to do dinner there. The wine list looked great (but not quite right for 10am...) 

Ambiance: gorgeous bistro atmosphere, red leather banquettes in the huge dining room filled with cafe tables. Outdoor seating and a gorgeous full bar inside. French decor (obvs) continues all the way to the loo, which is super nice. Had to add!

Service: attentive and friendly and very nice/real at the same time.
decor reminiscent of a standard Parisian restaurant, down to the tiled floor and fixtures throughout.  their snooty attitude equally reminiscent of central Paris - and just as consistent:

last time we came here:  a request for a table for two (when the place was 2/3 empty) resulted in an eye scan head to toe to head, a sneer, and a curt "So sorry, we are full"

this time we came for over-priced drinks, and when I asked for the bathroom location and was told by a waitress-thru-sneer "It's the door with WC, it means Water Closet if you didn't know"  (actually I thought it was for your nickname, first word: wicked)

Next time...oh, won't be one.
Parc Lives Up to the Hype

We had friends from out of town visiting and chose Parc as one of the restaurants to show them the food scene in Philly. I had never been but heard good things. It's as good as they say it is.

First, the service was superb in every way (Service 5/5). It really feels like an authentic Parisian experience (well as much of one you can get in Philly, at least). Their menu reflects that and so does the setting (Ambiance 5/5). 

Our group of four ordered two appetizers and four entrees. I can't for the life of me remember what they were but it was all good (Food 5/5).

Their wine list and drink menu are all great, but drink prices are a bit expensive, even for the expected price point (Drinks 4/5).

I really enjoyed our time at Parc and highly recommend if you're looking for good French food in Philly. Overall 5/5.
Came here on a Saturday afternoon around 11 am and enjoyed a delicious meal. I'd been to Parc once for a fairly unmemorable dinner, and had totally forgotten to even review it. 

This fine morning we were able to sit at one of the outdoor tables facing the park which was quite a treat. I ordered the Eggs Norwegian ($17), basically eggs benedict with a heaping portion of lox. It was certainly delicious - really fantastic to be totally honest - albeit slightly overpriced. My date got the Egg White Omelette with ratatouille and goat cheese ($14), also well-received but slightly more expensive than I thought was fair. That being said, the location is to-die-for, so I sort of understand where the dollar signs are coming from. And, when compared to other Rittenhouse eateries (Serafina, I'm talkin to you!), the pricing isn't all that bad.

We were hoping to get the breakfast pastries ($10) the waiter so zealously recommended, but they never came. After alerting the waiter of this he apologized but never brought them out. We weren't charged for them, but I was a little upset at the mistake and the inability to produce them. Still not quite sure what happened there.

Overall it was a very enjoyable brunch. Not to mention, our waiter looked like Shane West straight out of "A Walk to Remember." Can't hurt, right?
I'm giving this restaurant 1 star because the food was pretty good; nothing extraordinary, and overpriced (though not for the area), but reasonably tasty.  And the room itself was quite lovely.

Service:  The worst waitress I've ever experienced in a restaurant of this class. Surly; angry; unbelievable attitude.  No introduction. Not one smile throughout. She obviously hated working there, and particularly hated our party because we had two elderly people with us. She never checked in with us to see if we were happy with our meals.  She never refilled our water. She obviously couldn't wait until we left her section. I did not pay the bill, but I wouldn't have given her a cent as a tip.

Seating:  We'd made a reservation for a specific table for 1:15 on Monday Columbus Day. That table was very near the entrance because we had two elderly people with us. One had just gotten out of the hospital, the other was handicapped & on an electric scooter.  We arrived a little late: 1:23.  They'd given the table away!  We were asked if we'd be willing to use the ramp, to a table on the upper level; our guest with the scooter declined to do so, since negotiating the ramp was a little tight -- AND, reasonably, he wanted the table which he always got.  It took THIRTY minutes for the guests at the table we'd reserved to get their check, pay their bill, and depart. The waitress did nothing to expedite processing their check once they'd handed in their credit card.  That added 12 minutes to the wait (which would've only been 18, if she'd rushed it through). The hostess never should have given away our four-top just because we were 8 minutes late.  And the waitress absolutely could & should have expedited the departure of the guests at our reserved table.

This was a very bad experience, and did damage to a long-awaited reunion experience.
I went on a Tuesday night around 10:30 and the place was packed. It's a huge space , that opens onto Rittenhouse square and Locust street.  very 60's - 70's bistro theme going on, with pictures of Jimi Hendrix and Neil Armstrong on the wall, as well as a mirror I think my mom sold at a yard sale in 1977.  But, I liked it. 
I was in with a group of friends and we sat at the bar and had a few drinks and some apps.  We ordered the chicken liver mousse (don't... not good), the Spinach Ravioli (go for it!), a half dozen little necks, and the Macaroni Gratin. I was not wowed by anything, but except for the chicken liver,  everything was good. I will definetly go back for a proper meal. 
The biggest negative for me was the ladies room.  Most of the stalls were out of TP, paper towels were piling on the floor and water pooling on the counter tops. It was a surprise because the rest of the place was immaculate.
People of color, beware! Or at least women of color trying to have a quiet lunch to themselves. The staff did not know what to do with me at lunchtime. After instructing me to go to the bar (no room) and making me stand aside for 20 minutes (while seating others, group after group), they shruggingly offered me a spot in the back between crowded tables. When I said I would wait for something else, the (all-white) staff at the front desk positively looked me up.and.down in a way that shocked me! I finally got a nice table, but they made me feel so terrible about it (like they were doing me a huge favor) that I ate in a hurry and left asap The actual servers are diverse and attentive, but wow the front-desk treatment was bewildering. Minorities eating alone: avoid!
Although not a classic French institution in the heart of a Parisian city, Parc is a classic Philadelphia institution in the heart of Rittenhouse Square. 

Remorsefully, it's been back burned on my places to go for the last decade. Not that there was anything wrong with it, just that it's not new and shiny. I can't reiterate enough in this review- it's a Philadelphia classic.

It has the Starr touch of gold in terms of hospitality and service. That man would seriously make an (extra) fortune parlaying that info a corporate customer service program.

The food is also top notch. I wouldn't think to rave about a grilled chicken sandwich but the country chicken club seriously has perfect execution. 

I recently had an opportunity to sit outside while enjoying cocktails, meats and cheeses while overlooking Philadelphia's finest parks. Now that's an experience.

A restaurant doesn't become an institution overnight and it's not something merely earned by number of years in the business. Parc is the total package and should be looked at as something other Philly establishments should want to be.
I absolutely adore Parc. It's across the street from my house so I tend to frequent this establishment. They have indoor and outdoor seating and the place is wonderfully decorated. I always get the quiche, it's cooked to perfection everytime. If you're especially hungry the fresh sea food assortment is perfect for sharing. 

Management is extremely attentive and the service is great! It's a Rittenhouse Square staple.
What's going on with this place???? Can't just place the name in the Search for column....whatever
The onion soup is fucking great! The Steak Frites (hopefully I will not offend) sucked. Really sucked! How does a chef get a steak not only well done but rare at the same time????? seriously. The raw bar was perfection. The Duck Confit was OK, nothing special.
 Service pretty damn mediocre, especially considering on the how long they supposedly were in training for ( I got friends in the biz).
The place's design is right on, details are incredible-check out the ceilings and the bathrooms.
Overall....a place to hang with friends over a couple drinks and apps but definitely not a place to go fro a special meal.
I think most of us that have been to the majority of Stephen Starr establishments can agree that the man really knows how to do ambiance.  Each and every one of his restaurants creates a vibe that transports you, if only for a couple of hours, out of Philly and to some other city, country, dimension, whatever.  Parc is no different.  I really felt like I could have been at a brasserie in Paris, sipping a coffee, nibbling a croissant and trying to communicate with my waiter in horrible French.

So along with the ambiance, I will say that the location and service is excellent at Parc.  And it's HUGE so it can easily accomodate larger groups.  And they are also open ALL THE TIME.  You'd think they were running a diner over on Rittenhouse Square with those hours.  So it's always a safe bet for a late night weekend meal or an early morning breakfast before work.

But like with all of Starr's other establishments, the food is always somewhat disappointing to me.  Maybe I'm just more of a hole-in-the-wall, mom and pop, locals only type of a gal?  Don't get me wrong- the food is good.  I just feel like there are better places in the city for the same amount of money.

That being said, I feel like Parc is a great place to take out-of-towners who want the Rittenhouse Square dining experience.  I would suggest everyone visit at least once, but just keep in mind that Starr is trying to create an experience, rather than blow you away with amazing food.
Parc simultaneously condenses and waters down traditional brasserie fare, providing a legitimate survey of french cuisine but doesn't inspire one to explore its subtleties. 
It seems like Stephen Starr ate at a few french bistrps and thought he should deliver that *dining* experience to Philadelphians, but it seems like he missed out on the *cooking* aspect: french cuisine is defined by its traditions, its strict controls over technique and quality of ingredients that make the dishes more than just a collection of flavors.
The selections and preparations are not bad, they're just lacking soul: the beef bourguignon is good and tender and robust, but it doesn't conjure up any strong feelings. The wine list has its grassy whites and big, walloping reds, but none of them possess the well-grounded complexity one looks for in a good wine (especially not at Parc's prices!). Notable exceptions were the bread (house-baked baguettes) and the charcuterie plate (cured meats, country pate, chicken liver mousse) but even those are lacking: the bread could be chewier and definitely needed a few more minutes in the oven and the meats are tasty and rich but don't have those fresh flavors that write a story: one involving the pig, the farmer, the sausage maker, the truck driver, the chef, the waiter and, finally, you)

The restaurant itself is the fiction: Disneyland might be a little too strong a comparison, but Chevy's might be pretty close: it's not that they're doing it wrong, but they're not doing it right either.
I think this is just a lovely place to start a Sunday.  This french bistro occupies a large corner plot on the SW corner of Rittenhouse square and has done the most of a superb location.  The entire restaurant has those retactable doors/walls, so on a breezy July morning, the street side cafe thing was in full effect.  The view of the park is uplifting, and I wanted to sit on one of thier little tables, drink cafe au lait, read the paper and enjoy some prime people watching for hours.  As it was, I had a crab feast to make it to, so I limited my self to 2x bloody marys (very tasty) and a divine little tomato tarte appetizer. This little guy was the tastiest little tarte I have ever had...tomatoes roasted perfectly, chopped basil in a perfect amount, a sprinkling of cheese, and a balsamic vinegar reduction; simple ingredients executed flawlessly. 
We were unable to linger, but I will run back here for a full meal as soon as I can.
WAIT: Came around 9:30 am on a Saturday morning and got seated right away.  There were plenty of spaces both inside and out.  

ATMOSPHERE: Reminds me of a french or parisian cafe/restaurant...similar to Bouchon or Mon Ami Gabi.  Inside are lots of fun French memorabilia, classic looking chairs and tables and overall decor.  It's a fun place for brunch and I could see why you would want to take girlfriends or family members here.

FOOD: Not wanting to stuff ourselves since we were going to eat a lot that day, we opted to share one dish.  Their brunch menu is pretty heavy with a lot of fatty items.  If you don't like breakfast food, there's a lot of lunch type options that you will probably enjoy.

AVOCADO TOAST - everything is made in house so when our waiter described the housemade 7 (?) grain bread I knew this sounded good.  It was one the lighter side, which was also good.  The bread isn't really tasted so it's more soft and thick, very substantial.  The avocado is pretty generous and creamy/tasty.  The eggs perfectly poached and runny.  The side salad has that typical French light dressing that is almost undetectable to the naked eye but tastes very good.  

Overall, we enjoyed ourselves here.  I could see it being a little pricey for some, but you're really paying for atmosphere and quality of food.
monday, monday, we meet again. as i sit here eating my ridiculously boring lunch, all i'm thinking about is the fantastic brunch i had at parc yesterday. after waiting half an hour, our party of 4 was finally seated. upon walking in, the first thing that impressed me was how large and busy the space was, and yet, i felt the atmosphere was at once comfortable and inviting.

the entire restaurant is unapologetically french in the way that only the french can be, and i love them for it. our waiter and his waiter-in-training were both fastidious in every aspect of the menu and immaculate in their presentation.

after ordering, we were graced with the appearance of cappucinos and lattes on our table (made by the fabulous in-house barista) and one singular bellini (mine, of course). absolutely love the crème pêche in my bubbly ;) our drinks came with the bread basket, and i was delighted to find a small selection of good breads aside from the usual french baguette (aka rock bread).

not soon after, our plates of fresh hot food arrived and i love that it came with plate covers to keep the food warm for our friend who was in the restroom. for a french restaurant, i was taken aback by how large the portions were. some of the dishes were a bit oversalted (quiche lorraine, our salad sides), and the french toast was traditional but perfect in its simplicity. i normally don't prefer my eggs over easy, but the one atop my croque madame was well masked by the mornay sauce and the perfectly toasted bread. the perfect brunch comfort food for a chilly sunday morning.

i love elegance in a meal and this place had it all. next time i'd love to return and sit out on the sidewalk people-watching and absorbing the warmth of the heatlamps above me.
I took my friend to Parc for her birthday- Sat morning brunch. The food was great; we had the assorted pastry basket, oatmeal, scrambled eggs (a little too buttery, but still good), and croque madame. As we were wrapping up our meal, one of the hostesses came up to us and asked whether we could move to the table next to us because the party next to us was expecting more people than they had reserved a table for. This was surprising for a number of reasons: 1. This is a nice establishment - moving people in the middle of their meal isn't in good form; 2. Why would you ask us to move when the entire party next to us hasn't even arrived? 3. Why wouldn't you ask the people in the next party to wait 10 minutes for us to finish our meal....LIKE A NORMAL HIGH-END RESTAURANT WOULD??? I'm incredibly disappointed.
Beautiful place for brunch! It's right across from Rittenhouse Square and when the weather is nice, I'd totally recommend sitting outside! The seats are all facing the path. The wait can be pretty long (but less than an hour) on weekend brunch, but they'll text you when a table is open so you can go somewhere while waiting. 

Ended up getting the quiche Lorraine which had sausage, some veggies, and lots of cheese. It was very very heavy so I saved half for dinner. 

Great friendly waitstaff, beautiful views, food is a bit heavy for me but I hope to try this place out again!
I recently dined here with several colleagues for a business lunch.  I made a reservation for us, which I highly recommend, as it gets extremely busy. (And when it's busy, it is crowded and very loud.) We were promptly seated -- at a rather small table. Very Parisian.

Service was decent. Our waitress was attentive and answered our questions. Water glasses stayed full.

Food was good overall. The shrimp on my salad was very bland, but it was otherwise fine. The table bread and butter were very good. The mushroom soup and my dessert (Pot de Crème) were both just OK. In hindsight I probably should have gone with different choices; everyone else seemed satisfied with their food.

If I could give 3.5 stars, I would, but I'll round up on the assumption that I simply made poor menu selections that day! I also just had higher expectations, given the price point and how popular it seems to be.
I would like to give more stars, but I cannot.  My group came here for brunch on a Sunday.  We arrived at 11:30 and were told it would be a half-hour wait.  After 35 minutes, we were told we should have a table by 12:15 -- note, that is more than half an hour.  At 12:20, we were told we would be the next table sat.  Five parties were then sat ahead of us.  We were then called for a table -- more than 50 minutes after we arrived -- only to hear another group protest because they had been told they would be next.  So, the hostesses simply do not have their act together.

Our party of four was sat at two round-topped tables wedged next to a large group.  We had to shift the tables around to ensure all of us could actually get a seat.  The manager sent over a complimentary frittata due to the issue with the table, but the bus boy who delivered it all but dropped it in our midst and walked away.

Our sever was very nice.  Blond with a unique first named that ended with a "Z."

I ordered the cheese & herb omelette, which was cooked perfectly.  I also ordered a screw-driver that was poured and mixed properly.

All told, the experience at getting in was extremely disappointing.  Management did make an effort to make it up to us, but the delivery did not put me in a forgiving mood.  The hostesses need additional training -- all of them.  It is imperative for a hostess to accurately project the wait time to be seated.  I would much prefer to be told that I am facing a long wait than be given an estimate that isn't remotely close to accurate.

In order for me to return, I would need some indication that the issue with the hostesses has been properly addressed.
Equation for star assignments: 
best view of the square +5 stars 
My lamb there was chewy -2 stars 
My fiance's skate was super salty -2 star 
seated right away twice + 1 star 
Burger was excellent +2 stars 
Burger was $16 -1 star 
service was a push 
drinks also a push 
Escargot in butter twice +2 
Stephen Starr over charge -1 
Based on dinner and lunch...I suggest lunch.
The brunch I had here was a RELIGIOUS experience...both times.  And yeah though I walked through the shadows of Parc I did not foot the bill...so that probably has something to do with why I loved it SO much...but the food was divine.  The ambiance cannot be beat.  The service was impeccible.  We lingered and lingered over more than one bottle (both times) and didn't feel rushed in the least.  They've done a great job with the place- it feels like it's been there forever.
I've been here for breakfast and for dinner. Both were great.  The service is great; at breakfast we had a server for the meal and for drinks.  The meals are reasonably priced.  For dinner it's a bit more expensive, around 18-25 dollars for an entree but for breakfast it's a deal.  My dad and I both got two eggs anyway, two pieces of yummy toast, bacon or sausage, and delicious seasoned potatoes; all for 9 dollars.  I'm sure you could find a cheaper breakfast but it was delicious and I was completely full and satisfied.  Plus, they have outdoor seating and when the weather is nice, they open the windows and it's a fun people watching experience.

Also, I forgot to mention that they have a pretty good deal on their house wine. I mean it's not the kind of 5 dollar carafe you can get in Italy but hey it's cheaper than most places charge for a bottle of wine.
