Paris Baguette has finally arrived in Chinatown! Similar to the NYC locations, they have ample seating and a complete drinks menu. They have a wall of baked goods and another wall of refrigerated desserts, including whole cakes. Also, they have wifi.

I was disappointed in that the baked goods seemed more geared towards the western palate (lots of croissants and other flaky pastries), but maybe they will add more items over time. I am hoping this becomes a place where I can grab boxed Asian desserts and cakes for gifts and Lunar New Year. 

I purchased the moist cheese cake and found it to be moist but too light in taste. Next time I'll try the strawberry version. Since this place is new I'm bumping the review up a star. I'm a serial optimist!
Well isn't this new addition to Chinatown just a pure delight!

I was hearing so many great things about all of their wonderful sweets so I was itching to make a trip over. After weeks of having Paris Baguette bookmarked, I finally decided to treat myself to some pastries and cake the week of my birthday. How fitting, right? I can definitely say that this was pretty much THE perfect way to start off a full week of some serious indulging. 

After walking in, I was floored by just how many pastries, cakes, pies, croissants, and even donuts they have to choose from. After doing a few rounds and checking everything out, I finally made my final selection: the Heavenly Mango, a Strawberry Croissant, and the Very Berry Fresh Cream Cake. I pondered getting more but quickly talked myself out of it when I realized how many sweets I would be having these next few days. =| When I went to pay, I also thought about getting a latte and grabbing a seat there, but decided to just head home. I really wanted to get back when my boyfriend did so I could share everything I got with him!

As far as the baked goods go, my favorites were definitely the Strawberry Croissant and the Very Berry Fresh Cream Cake! The croissant was so buttery and filled with perfectly ripe, fresh strawberries. It was presented so beautifully!

The Very Berry Fresh Cream Cake was a vanilla sponge cake layered with blueberries, strawberries, cream cheese, and a sweet glaze. It was very fruity and light, with the perfect amount of sweetness. It was well sliced and also very well presented. I was sure to grab photos of both desserts before diving in!

The mango pastry was a disappointment. My boyfriend and I both love mango, but this pastry tasted very artificially flavored. I would definitely pass on it next time. 

I'm really looking forward to visiting Paris Baguette again to try more of their goods. Next time, I'll get some coffee or tea and grab a seat at the bakery though so I can enjoy my pastry there - I love how relaxing and cozy this place is!
Never can I ever go wrong with a Korean Bakery that is French inspired. Yes, I do love me some Paris Baguette! I was a bit ecstatic that PB has opened a branch in the heart of Philly Chinatown and makes it more convient for me to travel than taking that extra 20 minute drive out to Elkins Park. Only downside is scrambling for parking, a paid one at that.

9/10 times I do get my cakes from here and will always continue to do so. Haven't had a failure yet or any disappointments. Not only are they appealing, but they taste yummy too. Their cakes are not overly sweet like most bakeries, just seems perfect balanced. I can't help myself every time I come here. I splurge more than what I am intended too. Not only for myself, but for the people I love as well.
This pastry situation can get out of control quick. So you want me to take a tray and go down the assembly line and pick out what I want.. I want them all. 

During my visit here,  I purchased more items than I would admit in this review. My favorites were the fancy apple pie pastry and the almond croissant; both were fresh, flakey, and delicious. I also had a Mocha, which I enjoyed as well. I don't care for cheesecake, but the cheesecake items I saw looked adorable. 

If you don't come in here knowing what you want you can get easily carried away. We did stay and enjoyed a patsy in the seating area which is clean and equipped with charging stations. 

Staff was extremely friendly, another reason to visit my beloved Chinatown.
Came here at 9 PM which is close to closing time. Not many pastries left, but I snagged a strawberry peanut butter crumb pastry. I wasn't too fond of it -- tasty crispy exterior but the cream inside was a little distasteful. 

I'm a huge fan of Paris Baguette; they have a great selection of pastries, premade juices and the BEST cakes. They're a bit on the pricier side, but definitely worth it. I love their hot drinks -- especially a green tea latte on cold days in Philly. 

The interior is very simply decorated but it does its job. Narrow arrangement but surprisingly a lot of seating once you go past the pastries. 

Glad to finally have a Paris Baguette around that's closer than the Cheltenham location!
Full disclosure- I love the one at H Mart! How did they go so wrong at a $$$ maker store in Ctown??  Reviewers are so right about their burnt hockey puck pastries! Perhaps turn the oven down from burnt scorched rock to delightful golden brown?!

I actually needed 2 cakes and all they had were a few choices. What? H Mart's case is always full! A worker by the individual  pastries told me to ask the man in grey. He said more cakes were baking which didn't help since I was on my way to a party. I asked him what was in the chocolate one and he told me to wait a minute. Came back with the description tag and read it to me. The cake guy didn't know his cakes. So disappointed that I don't have dessert to bring to my friend's dinner party.
Wow, China Town Philly is evolving into Asia Town or Asian Fusion Town! An example of this is the addition on the new Paris Baguette store on Arch Street. The Paris Baguette bakery chain was founded in 1988 by the Korean businessman Hur Young-in, head of the food and confectionary group SPC. It has 3,250 boulangerie à la française outlets in South Korea and bakeries in America, Singapore, Vietnam and China. Who knew? Not me.

The space is long and narrow and fairly large, especially by China Town standards. They have a wall of baked goods and another wall of refrigerated desserts, including whole cakes. They also have wifi and coffee, tea, frappes and sparklers. There were college kids hanging out on their Mac Book Pros.

We saw mostly baked goods and desserts marketed towards a Western palate. I don't know what I expected with a name like Paris Baguette, but I thought they might have some more Asian or Korean inspired items. The items they did have on dispaly looked great. We bought this blueberry chiffon cake that was excellent, light, fluffy and not overly sweet. 

We definitely liked Paris Baguette and we will be back. It is larger, less cramped and less expensive then A La Mouse but I think A La Mouse is a little better and cooler.

4 Yelp stars with great potential.
New item to try is the mochi donuts. It has some chewiness compared to regular donuts. All of the kinds are delicious .
This place is so SUPER AWESOME! I haven't eaten one thing I haven't LOVED! This place not only has great baked goods, food snacks and homemade drinks it's clean, bright and designed very nicely. The staff is friendly and willing to answer your questions. 

The displays are bright with clean descriptions of the items and price. I really enjoy the croissants and the grilled ham and cheese. The pastries are not only delicious they are beautiful. In the pastry case you will find a DELICIOUS homemade tea with fruit, don't pass this up! The prices are fair the food is food and the staff is friendly.
Paris Baguette of Arch street is my favorite bakery in Philly. It is located between 9th and 10th of Arch street. As I enter, I immediately noticed their huge glass display of goods. Is definitely very different than the traditional bakeries in Chinatown. 

Paris Baguette offerings of goods are also very vast. Traditional bakeries in Chinatown normally offers vita drinks, soymilk, egg tart, black forest cake etc.... On the other hand, PB offers different tiramisu goods, Matcha  goods, puddings, organic drinks, sandwiches etc...... Paris Baguette is definitely more modern and definitely hit the spot for many younger generations. 

I would really buy one of everything just to try them out but Paris Baguette is really really pricey. For example, I bought one crab salad roll and a cream cake today, my total were $10.21. $10 can get me at least half a dozen cake from traditional bakeries in Chinatown.
Best cakes you can get in Chinatown compared to where I've ordered before. Ordered the Strawberry cream cake- very light, fluffy and not too sweet which I really like. All of their cakes are beautiful which is a plus. Would definitely recommend their cakes and pastries. One of my favorites would be the cheesecake, it's not as heavy as NY cheesecake and is more cake like.  
     Drinks might be a hit or miss. My friend has ordered a matcha latte and really enjoyed it. I decided to try to milk tea and expected a lot more since it is the same prices as the competitors. My cup came deformed and lopsided on the bottom; it look like it melted from heat. The milk tea itself was very watered down and wasn't sweetened at all. There's sweetener on the side counter thankfully.
Vibes: bright, modern, casual

Interior: large lit-up cases of pastries, cakes, and sandwiches lead towards the seating area (visible outlets high up on the wall for people who are looking for a place to do work/study) and cashier (also for ordering drinks)

Price range: $2-3 for pastries, $5-7 for the small cakes and sandwiches, and in the $30's for the very beautifully made themed cakes; despite that this place is on the pricier side and a global chain, I think it's a fresh addition to the local bakery scene 

Tasting notes:
Hazelnut coffee: very aromatic and strong in itself
Salmon avocado sandwich: sliced into three easy-to-eat portions, a good balance of creaminess from the lightly herbed cream cheese and sliced avocado to the smoked salmon in between; thick bread helps cut the saltiness of the salmon; would be a light lunch by itself 

Drop in when: you're in the Chinatown area and looking to treat yourself to a fancy afternoon snack or dessert

Will be back for: Japanese cheesecake, the puddings, and pat bing soo when they hopefully put it on the menu!
Drinks are fine, bread is good, seating is nice, aesthetic is cute, bathrooms are clean, whatever.

Now for the part you are actually interested in: the cakes. Oh boy, these beauties are a work of art: for a meager 25-50$, you can score yourself the equivalent of an edible Monet. There are so many intricate fruit/cream/matcha/chocolate combos that you are sure to find something befitting of your special occasion, be it a birthday, anniversary, childbirth, you name it. It's always cake day. Almost every Asian girl I know goes crazy over a PB cake, so when in doubt just get her a cake from here. 

They are delicately balanced with just the right amount of sugar that you can eat 5 pieces without feeling like you had too much sugar. Or maybe that's just me. The moist cake doubles as the perfect pillow for a bed of creamy delight, and if you focus your attention on the berry on top, you can pretend you are eating something healthy for just long enough to distract you from the fact that you just consumed a day's worth of calories in about 3 minutes. For now, the world is just you and your true love for a split second before you eat your beloved. You begin to tear up because you just ate the one thing that you loved in this world, but then remember there's more cake.
I wanted to grab something for breakfast so I stopped by this morning. However, the experience that I had was terrible! I saw the poster saying they will offer a free calendar for orders above $15. Even though I only grab two pastries, I decided to get more so I can get the calendar. By the time I got to the cashier, she told me that my total was 14.70. I then grabbed a gingerbread from the counter so I don't have to run back and make others wait. And before I grab the gingerbread, I told her that "let me take a $2.50 gingerbread, because I really want the calendar"! And guess what!!! after they warped up my order, I asked "and calendar?". All three cashier looked at me and said "sorry we ran out of calendars." Excuse me? If you ran out of calendars, your store should have take the posters off, and the cashier that heard me saying I really want the calendar should have told me that there is no more calendars. I spend a lot more than I would have and not getting the respect and trust that I should have gotten. This store is so messed up!
I was pretty excited  that another location opened up in Chinatown. I don't have to drive too far now to get my favorite pastry. 

This place is way bigger with more seating area than the one in Elkins park. I also like the different selections of pastries and drinks they offered which I don't normally find at the other location. 

We came here to buy a birthday cappuccino cake. The cakes and pastries never disappoints me. Not to sweet just perfect  I was a little disappointed they couldn't write a name for the birthday cake. I was told i had  to pre order the cake for a name to be written on it.  For the price of the cakes, & esp a birthday cake , it would be nice to have that option ( just a thought ) 

Anyway. I am also looking forward to their other location in center city.  Paris baguette is surely my favorite spot to just chill with friends , eat very good pastries and paired with their specialty drinks.
I was so excited when yet another dessert place emerged in Chinatown.  This one's roots go back to Korea.  There are two huge displays of goodies to choose from.  There are even salads and sandwiches, but that's definitely not the reason I came here.  If only I come devote an unlimited number of calories to eating everything I saw here!  Green tea cake?  Strawberry cake?  I wanted it all.  Did I mention there's a cappuccino cake that's designed to look like a huge cup of cappuccino, including with an edible chocolate handle?  There are trays and you pick out things for yourself.  There's a sign that says to ask for someone at the register to help, but I saw everyone reaching inside themselves so I followed suit.

There are probably a dozen or more tables but it's not surprising to find most tables occupied on a nice Saturday afternoon.  Still, there's more seating here than at say, A La Mousse so you definitely have a higher chance of finding a seat.  The one thing I didn't really like is that there are no plates.  You put the desserts on the tray (which are each covered with something that resembles parchment paper), but since there are no plates, you have to eat the dessert right off the tray.  That's not really a problem with say, a fruit pastry but it would be nice not to be eating a slice of cake from a tray.

That said, I absolutely loved my green tea fresh cream cake with strawberries.  The beauty of green tea is that it tastes light but it's not too sweet (in my humble opinion anyway).  Even the to-go dessert boxes are cute.  Next on my list to try is the strawberry cream cake and feuillette au chocolat.  I can't wait to come back.
Friendly but extremely slow staff. The two stars, however, is mainly in the unusual amount of breads on the day of the visit that seemed over-baked to the point of being burned. A bit of a char on certain baked goods can be delicious, but a burned loaf of bread is never fun or tasty.
A gem on Arch Street as you approach Chinatown. Clean and roomy interior highlight the plethora of sweet and savory treats. If I won the lottery tomorrow, I would have stocked Paris Baguette refrigerators/display cases in my house!

And an added bonus, they accept credit cards, a rarity in Chinatown establishments.
Eh. Not the same as the other locations. A lot more variety in NY stores, honestly. Not the same calibre. Just the same name.
I have always like their cakes, they are aesthetically pleasing and tastes very well and not as sweet as most bakeries in the US.

However today when I walked in, I found out they were selling mochi donuts! They had been my favorite type of donut during my stay in Japan, yet it's no where to be found in the States, or at least very hard! So I have to let people know they also carry the product and if you are looking for mochinuts like I did, I hope this could help you!

My favorite is the Green one( Japanese green tea), there's also not glazed, raspberry and passion fruit! If you never tried them before, you should!
I was happy to find a bakery here, but was quickly disappointed in the lack of available items. This place just had a grand opening and it is possible they are busy with orders, but when I went there were maybe two customers in there and they were just ordering drinks. 

The desserts they did have looked real good and the descriptions sounded pretty tempting as well. Maybe when they have more options I will try them and give another review.
Paris Baguette never fails in quality! Yes, it's pricey, but cakes are impeccable, pastries are freshly baked, and drinks are delicious. If you're  assuming this place is like the typical Chinatown bakery because it's in Chinatown, you're dead wrong. This place is a reputable worldwide chain that unfortunately made a late debut to Philadelphia.
My savory friends,
You must go here for breakfast!
Delicious pastries
I've been eagerly waiting for the Paris Baguette to open because I grew up with this bakery chain in SoCal. This location is quite big compared to the other store spaces in Chinatown and there is ample seating. The baked goods selection is diverse and there's sure to be a flavor for just about every type of craving. Since I recently gave up eating sweets, it broke my heart to walk past the matcha croissants and the tiramisu tart, but I bought a delicious loaf of fresh baked multigrain bread that I've been enjoying everyday for breakfast toast.
Paris baguette was one of my favorite bakeries in the Bay Area, and I was thrilled to find that Philly had one too. Once you enter, you can take a clean tray and tong and start collecting all the bread you want to purchase. I love their milk bread displayed near the entrance -- the slices are thicker than your typical American store bought bread, and with it, you can make the softest and fluffiest sandwich or toast. I also never leave without some custard filled bread and curry croquettes. They also have the prettiest whole cakes and roll cakes with the perfect light sweetness. Their drinks are also great too; the sangria peach ice tea is flavorful and refreshing on a hot summer day. 

The place is very clean and spacious (also has a clean single bathroom), but it gets pretty loud and crowded, especially on the weekends. I would bring earplugs or headphones if you're planning to do work or study. Also, a lot of the bread is often sold out if you come in the evening, and unless it came straight from the oven they can be kind of cold since the display case doesn't keep the bread warm.
Beautiful, clean, simple and quick! This place has a ton of bakery options on one side of the wall to wall clear displays and many creamy decadent desserts on the other side. Everyone will find something they enjoy! This is the perfect dessert spot after trying one of the many Chinatown cuisines. We loved our almond cake and creamy berry cake.
Went there to preorder a cake and requested to have them write "happy birthday ____". The cashier said they don't write names on the cake but can write "happy birthday" on it. Ok that was fine. Got the cake, opened it and there was no writings on the cake. Complete disappointment. What was even more disappointing was the cake was covered mainly with frosting. The center had a thick layer of frostings. Basically paid money to eat frostings. The overall presentation of the cake was alright. I just don't get why they used grapes and lime on the cake. Lime can make the cake taste bitter if left in it overnight. This place sucks!
My favorite study spot in chinatown that opens early and has great selections of drinks, savory sandwiches, and also sweet pastries. Electrical outlets available to charge your phone and laptop too. Try their berry matcha latte!
I never write reviews and usually only use this  app to look at reviews, but.... here I go. I ordered a cake over the phone and was promised I could pick it up on Saturday after 5:00 PM. I come in at 7:00 PM to get my cake, but it wasn't ready. I was greeted with confused looks and even asked if I had called the right Paris baguette.. I later find out the worker who had taken my order had misplaced the order slip and my cake was never made. Luckily they had a cake already made that was the same as my order. I'm just wondering what they would have done if they didn't have the cake ready? I was heading to a birthday party that evening. So it's all sorted out, but I wait another 30 minutes to receive the cake and offered a free coffee as consolation. Overall I like this place and enjoy the products they make. The manager and workers that evening seem nice, but if I had to order another cake I would order it at the other locations instead.
i love Paris Baguette.  
this chinatown location is clean and cute.  A nice place to go after a dinner.  the problem is the selection!  Maybe there's better luck in the mornings but I went in around 7pm on a Friday night and most everything was gone.  I was curious to see if they're possibly baking more to restock but didn't see much activity in the kitchen. 

I'm anxiously awaiting the one in center city to open. hopefully, they'll be better stocked!
There is no pastry place like Paris Baguette. They have so many different things to try and they are all incredible. In addition they have some amazing drinks as well.
I bought four almond croissants and one taro bubble tea today. Croissant taste delicious, bubble tea is terrible, the worst I ever have,which is $5.7 plus tax, no worth, taste like powder, no any taste of tea at all, u can even count the bubble!! Bubble is super hard to chew!
Paris Baguette is where it's at. Their baked goods are consistent and high quality. Their coffee is on point. And they have a nice and comfortable space and great staff. I especially like their laminated dough pastries.
4 for taste, 5 for social distancing/health and 3 for pricing

I love the bakery foods here - this location was closed earlier from the COVID pandemic. Prior to COVID hitting however, this place was nice and vibrant. I bought their snowbunny cake, which was a beautiful surprise for my mom's birthday. It was light, airy and creamy. It was expensive, but they provided candles, knife and a great packaging for the box. 

Tips/Takeaways: 
-Cakes are expensive but delicious, they package everything up for you nicely! Would recommend using their online order system to call the cake in and make for a quick pick-up
I would rate this closer to 3.5, as this Paris baguette falls a little short of other Paris baguettes I've been to (Boston, NYC and Jersey) in terms of diversity of offerings, but still occupies a unique niche in the Chinatown food scene of Philly. Some pastries missing include the sweet potato twists, regular egg tarts, and different types of croquettes. 

Go if you are craving aesthetically pleasing pastries or fruity desserts. I can also see this being a great spot to order birthday cakes, as they looked beautiful and really luxe. 

My recommendation: the banana egg tart - rich, caramelized banana jam beneath a fluffy egg filling. 

Additional notes:
- seems like wifi is available: many people were on their laptops doing work here
- uneven quality of pastries: some of the pastries looked noticeably burned
Everything here is so good! I just hate how quickly everything adds up. Their pastries and breads are fresh and amazing. Some of their items are seasonal so grab them while you can. Their cakes are a bit pricey but so cute and well decorated. I really love their king cream donuts (personal favorite is their seasonal tiramisu one) and any of their croissant pastries (super flaky and buttery). 

Tip: You can download the paris baguette app and start collecting points with each purchase.
If you are like me and are a huge fan of pastries, then you need to check this place out.

At first I was quite skeptical of PB. I was used to the cheap but delicious baked goods of the local chinatown bakeries thus PB just seemed like an overpriced alternative. However, I have come to understand that people should not compare PB to local chinatown bakeries because they serve different types of bakeries. PB sells French-is baked goods and is more like a cafe where you can sit down and study. It also is a wonderful place to purchase a cake! For the price of one of their baked goods you can get 3 or 4 at a local Chinatown Bakery. This has led to me using PB as a study spot while I still prefer to purchase a bulk of the baked goods I consume from local bakeries. 

With that being said, PB is good. Like really good. I love their milk based pasty. I forgot the name but I attached a photo of it below. PG great embellished pulchritudinous baked goods that range in sweetness. They do not rely on excessive sugar to make their food affable (not that the baked goods are not dense in calories). I recommend coming here with a friend to split a few baked goods and study for a bit. This place is a great addition to Chinatown.

Although I am a regular of PB now, I won't ever stop going to the local chinatown bakeries. Their prices are unbeatable.
So, very excited Philly's Chinatown finally has a Paris Baguette (a chain French-inspired Korean bakery).  Went in on a Friday afternoon, and there were so many lovely pastries--sweet and savory--to pick from.

I have never, ever come across anything less than great quality from a Paris Baguette.  The prices will be a little higher than your hole in the wall Chinatown bakery, but still less than Starbucks.

I was excited to find curry croquettes!  Fried bread buns filled with curry and potato, coated in crunchy panko.  I grabbed one for lunch, and a melon bead for late (which...unlike traditional melon bread, actually has a lightly melon flavored cream filling). Yum.

Get a mocha bread and dip it in your coffee.

The service isn't as warm and friendly as other locations I've visited, but that's alright.  Still decent.

I'm excited to make my way through trying everything.
I'm a fan of dessert, of study spots, and of things related to Korea, so why wouldn't I love this spacious and yummy Korean bakery? 

I have so many favorite treats here that my taste buds do a little dance every time I walk into the store. The store does a really good job visually tempting you with all the delicately decorated treats - from the chocolatey to the fruity to savory and more. I really wish I could magically make carbs and sugars be better for the human body so that I could create a healthy diet sustained by Paris Baguette. 

The ambiance is clean, open, and fairly bright, with multiple types of seating and outlets readily available. Wifi password is on the receipt of your purchase but it hasn't changed for me thus far. The only teeny tiny grievance against this place would be that the area with the longer tables have sections with the AC or whatnot right above you so it can be really cold and uncomfortable having the wind blowing on your head (I know, this is so nitpicky lol).

So friends, feel free to suggest this place if we're ever trying to figure out where to meet up for coffee/tea/dessert :)
As a lover of cheesecake, I grabbed that strawberry cheesecake real quick off the shelf. Although, I was a bit torn from the price ($6) for a dessert the size of my fist :/ Other than that, the consistency of the cream was nice and thick. It wasn't strawberry flavored, but it was just topped with 2 slices of berries lol. 

Come here early so you'll able to get the pastries fresh and before they run out. My friends and I came after dinner and they ran out of the garlic croissants :(
I've heard a lot about this place so I had to stop by. I purchased the green tea/ matcha pastella cake special for CNY, it was about $9 for 4-5 pieces ( pre-packed) in the refrigerator. The cake itself was not that flavorful, and extremely dry. I'm unsure if I ordered the wrong thing, but based on this single experience I'm not sure what the hype is -- or maybe stick to their regular items

With their price point I'd expect most/all items to be up to par -- I'll probably stick to my regular Chinatown hole in the wall bakeries going forward
I was excited that a Paris baguette had opened in chinatown.

My friends and I got 2 slices of cake to share since we had eaten before coming here for dessert. The two slices were very good. I like the design of the place and everything looked good. 

I would definitely come back.
The display cases at Paris Baguette are full of joy. They make me feel, as a [mumble mumble]-years-old adult, the way I felt as a kid on Christmas morning: endlessly excited at all the brightly colored promises laid out before me, electric with curiosity to find out what they all held.

At Paris Baguette, there's a lot to be curious about. What does a "Strawberry Harmonica" taste like? Can a "Happy Donut" live up to its name? What universe-bending mysteries await at the heart of the "Twist Pie"? For just a couple of dollars, you can answer these questions and more. (One thing you WON'T have to wonder about is the calorie count for all these confections, which I really really appreciate, as somebody who loves pastries but also loves [mostly] fitting in my pants. Because the pastries aren't super-sized or super heavy, the calorie counts for most of them are quite reasonable, which I also like.)

The regular standbys like the excellent Sweet Rice Donut and the impossibly soft and fluffy Castella are reliably available, and I always grab one as a hedge against disappointment. But the main reason I go to Paris Baguette is to see what's there that I've never tried before. There's always something, and it's usually good. (Not *always,* but then it would be boring if it were *always* exactly to my taste. There's no suspense if you don't roll a bad result sometimes. Besides, I can't say I wasn't warned that the Honey and Garlic Croissant was going to be weirdly sweet. It's right there in the name!)

The place gets crowded, and with good reason. Staff is always friendly and enthusiastic, and so are most of the customers. There's a lot of happy, positive energy in the place, and I hope it stays that way forever.
Stopped into this new bakery/sandwich shop in Chinatown after grabbing a bite in the neighborhood. It was an orgy for the eyes. Beautiful  pastries in self-serve display cases line the walls of this narrow but deep space. And a collection of beautifully decorated cakes are available for purchase. It has a clean, modern decor that is inviting. It certainly is an environment that I'd be happy to sit for a while with a hot coffee and a sweet or sandwich. The pastries fall somewhere between Western and Asian sweetnesses, but are beautiful to look at. Most of the bakery items had a distinctly Western appeal. Unlike other Chinatown bakeries, there wasn't a large selection of Asian treats.
So excited to stumble across this place and it was only .03 from my airbnb. So lucky. Great pastry and really good prices.
I always go to paris baguette to get cakes and it has never yet to disappoint me. I came here late Wednesday night around 8 ish they didn't have much of a variety left. I got the strawberry short cake. It was delicious and the cake fluffy and the strawberries were fresh ! The staff was nice.  Didn't  have any issues with my trip. But I must say their stuff is more pricey that NYC. I haven't tried their other stuff yet but I will for sure come back to try other stuff.
Very close to the convention center. If you order a pastry, small coffee is $1. Five things I love about this place: They open at 7:00 (excellent if you are attending a convention), their sweets are not overloaded with sugar, presentation/variety is fantastic and so fresh (they are timely bringing in new pastries), pastries are not soaked in grease, and their staff are very friendly and courteous. 
In your receipt, they print the password of their wifi.
My new favorite bakery place in Chinatown. All their stuff are delicious and I can't help myself. They are a little more pricy than the other bakery stores in Chinatown but so worth it.
Paris Baguette offers party cakes. It offers savory pastries - a ham and cheese, I think a curry puff, etc. It also has a full cafe in the back. But this review will reflect none of those things for the simple reason that I haven't tried any of them. All 4 or 5 of the times I've gone in, I have come out with some combination of their sweet pastries, and that may have to remain the case for a while, because I've really enjoyed every one I've had from here. 

This place achieves a very special balance between the kind of thing you can readily find in little street bakeries all over China and concessions to more Western tastes. There are plenty of Chinese-style bakeries around Chinatown, but the pastries this place turns out taste like an idealized version of the Chinese-Western bakery to me - flaky but with substance, suggestive of richness without approaching indulgent, not overly sweet or dominated by frosting or sweet mayonnaise or anything funky like that.

Their almond croissants are a good starter for something safe and familiar, and give a good idea of a "base" pastry. There's not a world to say about them except that they're exactly what you should want out of a plain almond croissant. Their apple pastry is another one that wasn't really mind-blowing but just an excellently done take on its concept. Here as with everything I've tried they avoided going too sweet and thus making it taste mass-produced and trashy. Ditto their chocolate croissant - it's not crammed full of chocolate, but what's there is a perfect pairing for the pastry.

The two real all-stars for me, though, have been the raspberry almond croissant and the coffee danish. I haven't seen the raspberry almond croissant too many of the times I've been in, which suggests to me that it could be something that sells out early, and I could understand why. The tart/sweet addition of the jam with the conservative-but-excellent basic almond croissant took it to the next level. As for the coffee danish, it's a bit denser than the rest of ones I tried, though it's all relative - as the one picture I'm including shows, the inside is still airy, light, and fresh. But then, at the core, they add the key addition - a coffee concentration. They wisely don't go with a cream or anything that's going to hurt your teeth, just the concentration added to the dough in the center. It adds moisture and flavor in equal parts to that soft, buttery interior and makes for a real knockout. 

There do seem to be issues of dwindling selections as the day goes on, but that's true of a lot of bakeries. I guess the fact that I've never had any trouble finding something I liked helps take away the sting of not always being able to wander in later in the afternoon and get a raspberry almond croissant. Maybe one day I'll even be bold enough to try something outside of my current comfort zone here. But I feel like I still have a plenty of worthwhile exploring even just in said sweet pastry comfort zone ahead of me if not.
Ordered the boston cream croissant for 3.95 and the little display card said that it would be filled with cream. To my surprise when I tore it open, there was no cream. Extremely disappointed in the lack of cream. Even with cream I feel like it's overpriced.
A bit on the pricer side but the quality matches the price. I got a hot coffee and my friend got a chai latte with soy milk to go with our pastries. The pastries were pretty good with a flaky crust. I didn't think to ask if they could heat it up for us though. Probably would have upped the gooey-ness of the filling. 

My friend commented that her chai latte wasn't that hot and it was more like room temp. We're guessing they didn't heat up the soy milk. They were a bit busy so maybe it was just oversight? We will definitely come back to try more pastries.
Absolutely love dessert and pastries and this place has it all. A lot of variety to choose from and they are displayed very nicely. Some items seem to be freshly made and some seem to be already packaged. They have drinks, coffee, and other pastries that seem worth trying. The interior is nice and cozy with enough seating. However, it was pretty busy and packed when I was there. Was lucky enough to find a seat. 

Location is good as it's close to everything else in the area, though, wished it was a bit closer to the convention center. Not sure if it's worth going to if you are driving through the city since the parking isn't so great around there. Good for walking distance if you are staying in the area. 

Was able to try a few of the pastries and they were good. Nice quality and flavorful. It is on a pricier side in my opinion so be ready to spend some money. Otherwise, I'd recommend stopping by if you are looking for some dessert.
The capuchino cake is really good, the cake is very light with perfect sweetness and coffee flavor. I had the coffee macaron it's very hard , not recommended. The green tea castella is really good too. Blueberry chiffon cake is yummy and light. The tiramisu is s basically filled with whipped cream, not a real tiramsu. Kanelle is good, crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside, not too sweet.
The mocha cake is amazing. Very light and perfect coffee flavor. The coffee bun is very moist with crunchy top. The cranberry pineapple pastry is great, with chunks of pineapple and custard. Definitely one of my favorite. The sweet potato pastry is ok, not too much flavor in it. The mango pastry has artificial flavor. The boxed angel cake is amazing too, very light with tangerine flavor. You will be addicted to it. The pain au raisin is very moist but I wish there is more raisins.
Price set too high, I don't think it won't last long , such expensive rent and coffee shops all over china town !
Great addition to arch street. This is a bakery with sweet and savory snacks. Awesome prices too- serves hot tea and bubble tea. Clean place but it gets BUSY. I tried the:
 Castella bread- like a pound cake
Cheesecake souflee- heavenly
Strawberrry and cream croissant 

Again- great prices and is a competitor to ABP and other "bakeries"
Came back here for the Strawberry chocolate cake and it was AMAZING! Also tried their delicious Royal pudding, it reminded me of the puddings I used to crave for when I was a kid. New favorite dessert place!
This is a great place for when you're craving a sweet treat. The desserts I've tried from this location have been fresh, not overly sweet, beautifully presented and made with quality ingredients. My favorite treats here are the fruit tarts and the strawberry layer cake slices. They have a good variety of items and carry some savory items. The individual boxes are cute and easy to carry.
Was super excited to see a Paris Baguette open in Chinatown! Came here for breakfast on a Sunday and was able to easily find a spot. The pastries all looked great but were a bit pricey, especially for Chinese bakery staples that are sold for half the price at a local bakery down the block. Maybe I'll come for a fancy cake now and then but won't be a regular spot I hit up as I had hoped. Both items I got were yummy, just wish it wasn't so expensive.
My first time in Chinatown in Philly and we stopped here. Wow is all I can say, we spent 35.00 on sweet and savory pastries to bring home. Every single thing was delicious. It's a nice spacious place.  You can eat in and have a cup of coffee or specialty drink . We will definitely be back !
Love love absolutely love the cakes!!! Especially soft cheese cake which is the most perfect thing every! The pudding is breathtaking and everything is so freshly baked!
Paris Baguette has a delightful assortment of traditional Pastries like croissants, cakes, filled buns (Asian) of creative varieties. I liked the Matcha croissant which looked like a volcanic ooze of green match had erupted and encrusted on the exterior. Some interesting frappes I am told, I had my eye on the cotton candy but bailed out last minute to save a few calories. Nice on the eyes!
Multigrain bread: very soft and light.

Lemon cronut: it is amazing. Very crunchy pastry with refreshing lemon filling. Perfect summer dessert.

Bombolino: is filled with sweet chocolate chocolate cream filling. Verylight and perfect sweetness.

Walnut in chocolate bread: very delicious , the chocolate cake has perfect level of sweetness with smooth walnut paste filling

Pastry with boston cream and red bean has more of the sweet cream that burst and all over your hand, I was expecting more red bean filling. Very sweet.

Almond pastry has enough almond paste filling without overly sweet.

Chocolate ganache cake: very light cake between chocolate whipped cream.
Dropped by Paris Baguette in Chinatown for a much needed afternoon pick-me-up. Excellent customer service and great place to recharge. Got a medium milk tea, mini croissants, and raspberry Macarons. The milk tea was smooth, sweet, and creamy, just as milk tea should taste. The croissants and macarons were pretty tasty as well. Convenient location, large selection, and good value. Highly recommend!
