Pat's King of Steak or their rival, Geno's Steak? Each across the street from one another, I had both and the consensus with my two other companions made this one a clear cut WINNER!! The super tender and juicy steak is more chopped up. We added mushrooms, onions, green peppers and provolone. For me, the green peppers and the chopped steak did it for me. I also think the steak was a bit more juicier than the one at Geno's.

I think it's just a matter of preference. Both of these places deserves to be named Best Philly Cheesesteaks. How else would you explain people coming from around the world just to try it. It's been in many Food Network's shows. 

Come, enjoy and judge for yourself. It's worth a visit in the heart of Philadelphia.
CHEESESTEAK WAR - Geno's vs Pat's 

We took a long road trip from Atlanta to Maine, making stops all along the way at places I've been wanting to try for years. Everything from authentic NY pizza and pastrami to authentic Maine lobster rolls were preset into my GPS navigation.  Well, I don't know how I could call myself a food lover and not have an authentic Philadelphia cheesesteak from the two originals, so on this trip I rectified that!

I've never been to any of the states north of the Carolina's on the East coast and decided last year we are going to curtail our preferred mode of vacationing (cruises), to spend more time touring all the great places we've been missing around our own country. After all, our boys are getting older and there is only so much time we have left before they might not think it's cool to hang out with us... LOL

~~~~~~~~~~

THE EXPERIENCE
I was a total tourist during my visit to Pat's. Taking pictures, laughing with locals and hamming it up with the kitchen staff. It may just be my personality, but we don't generally have problems with people. I've read a lot of reviews about the staff both here and across the street @ Geno's being rude, even saw it on a Food Network show. However, they were fantastic with us. My excitement to be there must have been infectious because they even came out to take pics and cracked a few jokes. 

As usual with touristy places, you are bound to run into others who came a long distance just to try them. We ran into one couple also doing a steak comparison and had just finished their first steaks @ Geno's. They made for an enjoyable conversation as we shared our crazy food adventures. It always make me feel better to know that I'm not the only person in this world that travels for food !

~~~~~~~~~~

THE CHEESESTEAK
I HATE Cheese Whiz. It is a violation of basic food decency and have been repelled from any establishment that even suggests putting it on my food. So when I found out Philadelphians prefer it, I made it up in my mind I would give it a try so as to have the most authentic experience possible. Under protest of course, because the backup plan was to throw it away if I didn't like it and order another with provolone, the cheese of the food gods!!!

I was stupefied at just how amazing whiz can taste on a Philly cheesesteak. Not in a million years would I have guessed I would love it as much as I did. But then again it could simply be the way Pat's blends it with the meat. It's not just poured on top as I expected. No, it's mixed into the blend of beef and onions during the cooking process, setting of an orgy of deliciousness.

I'm a Chicago native. The meat in our cheesesteaks is much more finely diced, almost to the point of looking like ground beef, which is how I prefer my cheese steaks.  Pat's does not chop their beef up nearly as much, but it is certainly more finely chopped than its rival Geno's for sure. It make the sandwich easier to eat, more tender and in my opinion, creates a more balance flavor between all the ingredients. Most people mistake the finer chop for a lesser quality meat, but nothing could be further from the truth. I'd be willing to bet the meat each uses probably comes from the same vendor. They just slice and season it differently.

~~~~~~~~~~

FINAL THOUGHTS
Food is a personal experience not always based on how good something actually is, but how good it is in comparison to other life experiences. It may be tied to memories with loved ones or a bad experience with a past relationship. Whatever subjective feeling you have, no one can really take away how the inner you reacts to it. 

As for me, Pat's was probably the singular most soul satisfying meal I had during my entire three week vacation up the East coast. Took me back, way back to simpler days. I love food (all food) but you should know by now I'm not fancy. If I were food, this sandwich is truly me on a plate. My eyes rolled back in my head as my taste buds screamed 'Don't stop, git it, git it!'   Winner - Pat's.




SIDENOTE: See my review for Geno's to get the comparison between the two.
Forget about Jim's or Geno's ... PAT'S is the place to get the best, most delicious cheesesteaks!

And that makes it the _best thing in Philly!!_

(Ok, Jim's and Geno's aren't bad ... but Pat's is still the best!)

and you can't beat the fact that they are open 24/7!!  Sometimes a cheesesteak for breakfast is exactly what I need!  (Don't laugh, I'm serious!).
Hubs wanted to introduce me to the Philly Cheesesteak sandwich so this was our first stop.  Pat's, as well as their across the street rival, have been showcased on the Food Network. On this late evening, there were plenty of patrons getting their cheesesteak fix.  With almost 4,000 reviews, much has been said!
Pat's sandwich has a gracious amount of chopped beef and drippy cheesey goodness, served on a fresh sub roll, served hot!  Delicious!  There piping hot fries are good, too!
3.5 stars. This is basically just expensive junk food. Kind of like doritos in steak form. It's good, I enjoyed it. But this isn't exactly a food destination in terms of quality or pricing. In my measure Geno's willingness to go the extra inch toward junky-ness put it a notch above Pat's, which was equally as junk-foody but with pretension to being better quality.
This was one of the better cheesesteaks we had on our Philly tour. I really love the bun here. However this place is cash only. So make sure you bring cash.

Came here one afternoon on our tour of Philly to try as many cheesesteak as we possibly can. This one was actually a pretty good one. The bun was actually quite tasty, it was toasted and a bit crispy which I really liked and had a really good consistency and texture. There could be a little bit more meat inside the sandwich but that was OK. They also had unlimited amount of sauces and all you can eat pickled peppers. That was a really nice feature.

Do you watch out for the little birds and pigeons that tries to come in and steal your food. Outdoor patio seating is great.
Okay, everyone has a bucket list right? This was the only reason I traveled to Philly from NYC....so I could eat a phillycheese steak IN Philly. One of the most disappointing experiences of my life, other than trying to walk around in the humidity. This place is a complete tourist trap, because the only people you see here and across the street are tourist. Everyone's shoving a soggy roll of bread with some flavorless meat into their mouths. Dry or juicy, they'll take it. I even saw a table that brought their own Pringles and drinks. It's really that serious....

$11 for a Cheese Steak. I took 2 bites and tossed the rest into the trash. I can't justify ever eating another one in this life time. You literally walk up to the window, tell them what you want, and they hand it to you. That's how big of a trap it is, lol. It's also cash only! The number of tourists coming here, and it's cash only. Now, THAT'S how you avoid paying taxes :-) Just saying...
Normally the presence of grease, cheez-wiz, provolone and surly service in the same sentence dooms the offending establishment to the Yelpian oblivion of zero stars. However, when you're navigating Philadelphia's famous quadrangle of Passyunk Avenue where Pat's and Geno's cheesesteaks ladle their magic out by the ton, they easily become your favorite meal of the month. 

Normally, you wouldn't get me near canned mushrooms much less the science experiment they call cheez-wiz but together they conspire to delight my pleasure center even though they bring more greasy ooze to Philly than a convention of Elvis impersonators.

I prefer Pat's but just barely. Truth is I love them both. I'm just waiting for McDonald's or Wendy's to discover the Cheesesteak and turn it into a test kitchen abomination wolfed down with gusto in flyover country. Am I the only one who thinks the McRib sucks. Besides, I still haven't forgiven Sarah Lee for ripping the soul out of the humble bagel. An easy five stars when only the original will do.
Eh...

I could honestly just end the review there. Pat's, the King of Steaks? Perhaps more like a naked Prince Harry? That works. 

Being that its notoriety spans the globe, I suppose I just expected more. It wasn't awful, but it definitely ranks in the bottom percentile among other cheese steaks I've had everywhere outside of Philly. 

On the plus side, it was as fast as a greased pig getting my order, even though the line spanned about 20 deep. For a quick bite, their execution was flawless. As for the taste, not so much....
For the same price as Geno's, you get a cheese steak sandwich that has more meat (and the meat is actually warm!), and the provolone had a nice, sharp taste. Overall this sandwich packed more flavor.

Although not a huge fan of cheese steak in general, I was happy and satisfied with what Pat's had to offer.

I would come again.
----------------------------
PS: If, like me, you're planning a nice, long walk from downtown to get to this neighborhood in the evening, think again. Although not necessarily unsafe, you'll walk through dilapidated neighborhoods with completely empty streets before reaching your destination.
You tell me. Is it wrong that when I think of Philadelphia I don't think of the birthplace and the cradle of the United States Declaration of Independence; the Liberty Bell; Ben Franklin; so many things that made this country, but of cheesesteak? If it's wrong, I guess I really don't want to be right.

The argument over Pat V. Geno's has gone on for years. Both tourists and the regulars usually have something to say about it. Some say neither. I say, meh. Makes no difference. It's a cheesesteak, not brain surgery. It's like arguing over the Atlantic V. the Pacific. Both have their merits and their purpose.

As does Cheeze Whiz. Who would have thunk it? That orange globular, plastic food substitute is actually delicious on fries and or a steak.

It's cheap, it's tasty and if you want to argue about it, go ahead. Be my guest. It's hard for me to pick a fight with a well-seasoned, long time resident of Philly. I hear they know how to throw a punch.
While we are talking about a cheesesteak spot, this place is heavily hyped.  Bright lights, features on the Food and Travel channels....the whole nine.  How can you not think that you're in for an amazing Philly cheesesteak experience?  One that makes you want to start running up the steps of the Philadelphia Museum of Art and jumping around in victory like Rocky Balboa.

Yeaaaaaaaaaa.......NO!  I came on a Sunday evening to check out and compare Philly's finest in comfort food.  I realize that nothing could match up to my beloved chicken finger sub but I'm an open minded person when it comes to deciding what would finish in 2nd place.  

Service was shoddy.  Order taker was very nonchalant and disinterested.  I'm a city boy myself so I get it in terms of the blue collar attitude for a blue collar meal but still.....etiquette?

The cheesesteak itself was pathetic in terms of appearance.  It looked haphazardly tossed together, cheese whiz slopped onto it.  Another glaring thing was it was missing.....the rest of the meat!!!  Cheesesteaks are known for being packed with meat are they not?  Did a badger manage to get to mine before it reached my hands?  If I had a voice like the narrator from "Unsolved Mysteries" we could sho' nuff figure this thing out. 

Alas, I took my measly little sub and ate.  Meh....meh.......MEH!  It was ok and I'm probably being generous.  Very bland and not very fulfilling.  Relatively inexpensive ($6-$7).  Good thing I had other spots to check out because otherwise I would've left Philly a sad and hungry person.  So much for brotherly love!
So while we were in Philadelphia we had to do the cheesesteak challenge between Pats and Gino's next door so I looked up some things it's a cash only place I had to go to ATM and pay a fee and do all that I hope my bank reimbursement but we'll see what happens anyway with the Pats second with genos Forest genos I am not giving a three I'm gonna get packs of four because I like the taste of it a little better and the guy that waited on me with a little nicer than the other ones but that's OK you know just got it so hot summer day reset the shade wife and I both agree that we like Pats better than Gino's so both were good sandwiches but overall I'm gonna give it to Pat
So I guess this and the one with the flashy sign across the street are like some of those trendy tourist trap places in the city to get a cheesesteak at I could careless what it is that's said as Pats is like soo scrumptious the two times I've gotten to visit here in the past decade!

It's Philly so you know parking is going to suck wherever you try to go and if you park in the wrong spot they will ticket you so fast you won't know what hit your car so good luck on that endeavor just make sure you make it back to Pat's because it's just what's sooo good!

They have their own way of saying what you want here so read the signs to figure out what it is that you really want because you know you want everything on your Cheesesteak anyway so just get it wit it!

Cheesesteak oh so yummy like so much so that I wasn't even that hungry when I was passing through here I just remembered how amazing it was when I came here years ago that I just had to come back and get one seeing that I was in the area and who knows when I'll get back to Philly!

Cheesesteak oh so good just get then go to the next window and get fries or pizza fires like I did because what's better than pizza fries and cheesesteak!

There's like a little area to the side that has peppers those huge round ones that are so good when you take huge bites of the peppers and cheesesteak that combo you can't just get anywhere away from Philly!

Pat's is awesome no need to visit anywhere else when I come here but who knows I might have to go to Pat's and some other place in the same day just because I'm here and yeah cheesesteak I love you come to Cali in better ways then you are!
Was taking a road trip down to Maryland for the long weekend. My boyfriend and I decided to stop here for dinner after constantly hearing about Pats (and Gino's) on Food Network. Really wish we didn't make the stop...

A complete waste of time and money. You wait on this long absurd line for crap food. When you get to the first window you order wit or witout (onions) and chose your cheese. Plain, American, provolone or cheese wiz. Then you pay. The worker gets your sandwich out in under 60 seconds. The next window is for fries and beverages. Kind of a waste of time in my opinion for two windows doing different things. If both windows had everything, things would be quicker. 

My boyfriend got a philly steak wit American. He said it was dry and the bread was nasty. I ordered a roasted pork witout provolone. Driest pork I've ever had. 

Fries were super ..meh. 

Everything lacked flavor. 

Don't believe the hype! 

Pat's??? More like Crap's.
Meeting friends in Philly, was invited to do as many tourists do which was go out for Philly Cheese steaks. As an invited guest, I didnt check Yelp (huge mistake) as to the choice of venue. The only thing I did confirm is that they had a non-beef option...Roasted pork.

Overall, no easy way to put this...But the roasted pork on a hero roll was one of the worst tasting foods I have ever put in my mouth...Or should I say the most tasteless thing I have probably ever eaten. The only positive, if it was a positive was that it wasn't bathed in grease like the beef cheese steaks. The hero roll itself was tasteless and obviously made 1-2 days earlier in some mass production bakery. The roasted pork or what they claimed was roasted pork could better be described as a non-beef steak-umm. It had NO taste whatsoever. Obviously the short-term cooks never heard of salt, pepper, or any spice for that matter. One good thing...The diet soda was able to wash down the barely edible sandwich. 

Unless one is near starvation or every other restaurant in Philly is out of business, one should avoid Pat's
Walking up to Pat's, there's a nice big sign that "teaches" you how to order your cheesesteak. I believe point #4 tells you to go to the back of the line if you do it wrong. I didn't really take the sign seriously, but when I got to the counter and started off by saying "cheesesteak" the guy raised an eyebrow at me like I was speaking a foreign language. I glanced back at the sign and tried again:

"whiz steak...wit?"

"WHIZ STEAK WIT" he nods in approval and becomes more friendly

So given my new found knowledge, I also proceed to order a "provolone steak wit" and he gives me a chuckle and yells "PROVO STEAK WIT". Two sandwiches are wrapped and shoved out the window in record time.

Totally part of the experience.

Upon unwrapping my sandwich, the original looked tantalizing despite it's use of cheese whiz. You could see it hugging ever crevice of chopped steak and onions. It honestly tasted really good despite being really really greasy. In fact, it blew the provo steak out of the water...which was almost disappointing. How did fake cheese beat real cheese? I will not have this!

All in all, Pat's wins second place in our cheesesteak trials.
"Pat's King of Steaks" was good. The building has no inside dining, so dress warm in the winter. The building is older and The you line up on the side and the have two windows. One for the famous cheese steaks and the other for fries and drinks. After heading to both windows you find seating located around the restaurant. They don't take credit so remember cash. It was time to find out if they were king. They give you a ton of cheese and onions on the hero. The steaks are chopped up small. It does have a lot of flavor and the bread was soft. I was disappointed in the fries. They were thick and delicious, but they don't give you a lot. I would say I liked Pat's, but king is a lofty expectations. I would go back, but  I definitely wouldn't recommend it as a goto.
Here's the thing, I have had better cheese steaks, I have had better fries, I have had better everything that Pat's offers on their menu, but the place has been there forever, it is said that they invented the steak sandwich--on a long roll with grilled steak inside. So go there and share a steak sandwich with a friend. Don't get stuffed there, there are so many better places for later.

Pat's is super cool looking, it is a place where you order outside, there is no inside seating. There is outside seating but not a lot, there is no bathroom and parking is a bear. But you can walk to Citizen's Bank Park for a baseball game from there if you want. The building is all silver metal, like a silver lined trailer, sort of. The menu is on the outside and they don't take credit cards so have cash ready. The service is very nice.

Some people order their steak with Cheese Wiz. Now, that is some junk that comes from a can and is put on your sandwich. If you have never had it, I would not even bother to try it. I find it just gross. I don't want cheese out of a spray can. I don't even know if it is real cheese. So, just don't. Yuk. Also, their American cheese is not great. Play it safe and get your steak with Provolone Cheese. That is real.

The meat is cooked well done, which I find boring and it is not great, but it is fine. So, I guess I just told you this place is not very good. It is fine. It is fun. For what it is, and for the adventure of it all, you should go there. It is good and you will be able to say been there done that, moving on. Have fun. It is a cool area.
I won't bore you with some long winded review about this place, it has 1,400 others if you care for the details. Pat's wins, Gino's is good but, my homemade cheese steak is better than both.
Pats vs. Geno's?  Its like a Philidelphian's religion, you pick one and stick to it!  Never cross over to the other side!  My side.... PATS.

PATS... don't eat a mis-steak!   I love Pats.  Nothing beats 3am oozy "Whiz Wit" after an Eagles or Flyers game.  Better yet, get the "Heat Attack Wit" if you want all 3 cheeses w/ onions.   The line wraps around the building, but you still get your steak quick because the line moves so fast!  Why does the line move that fast?  1) Have your cash ready in hand.  2)  Cash Only  3) steaks are already cooking awaiting your order, they just slap it in the roll, add cheese, and you're done!  4) Get your soda & cheese fries in a different line.

Pats vs. Genos:  Its like a religion.  If you go to Pats, park near Pats.  If you go to Genos, park near Genos.  Once, I was in line at Pats, late night, and someone (alcohol involved I'm sure) love-tapped the car in front of them trying to parallel park.  The customers in line at Pats in front of me says to the driver "Its OK, the guy in that car went to Genos!"  So the driver, still in the car, says "Oh he did!?? In that case...."  SMASH!  He literally hit the gas pedal and rear-ended the car parallel parked in front of him on purpose!  It was the most entertaining line-wait I've ever experienced.  The entire line was cheering and clapping!

I once did a "Cheesesteak Challenge" with my friends.  We went to several cheesesteak shops around philly in one day, and ranked our favorites:
1.  Pats  -- Fast service, down home Philly attitude, lots and lots and lots of cheese whiz
1.  Tony Luke's  (tied 1st place) -- better steak quality, less gritty fat in the meat, but much longer wait time 
3.  Jims -- Good quality meat, fine shaven, but I asked for xtra cheese whiz, and still got less cheese than a normal steak at Pats.  Size of Jims steaks are smaller too.
X.  Genos -  N/A.  Never eaten here, never will!!
My friends and I road-tripped up to NYC from Baltimore, and decided to detour to Philly for dinner. Naturally, since I've never tried a Philly cheesesteak, it was only logical to try one at the original restaurant!

We got two cheesesteaks with cheese whiz, for $10 each. There was virtually no line when we went, and they pretty much handed over the sandwich a minute (maybe less) after the order went in since all the components were pre-made. 

Original or not, I thought the food itself was pretty mediocre. The bread tasted quite processed (oddly chewy), the meat was a bit fatty and dry, and it's kind of hard to mess up cheese whiz. I liked how they had a pickle bar on the side, but did not like how they didn't have utensils (wanted to try cutting the sandwich in half). 

Especially with the $10 price tag, I don't think this is ever a place I'd go out of my way to return to. But it was cool to be able to say that I've eaten at THE original Philly cheesesteak restaurant. I think one day I'll try Gino's across the street as a point of comparison, but that'll be for another day.
Growing up in Philly it was widely acknowledged that Geno's was better than Pat's, though Pat's had the name recognition.  Nothing has changed through all those years.  Pat's may be the worst cheesesteak in all the city.

There are four types of people who prefer Pat's.

First, those who are loyal to a brand.  Maybe they were just brought on Pat's and they stuck with it.  This is not much different than the Coke v Pepsi situation.

Second, those who actually like Pat's steaks.  This is a small number of people I am sure, but they do exist.  Some people actually like Little Debbie's.  

Third, politically correct, leftist, haters who don't like the food, but go to Pat's just to tell their leftist, PC friends that they didn't eat at Geno's. 

Fourth, hostile illegal immigrants with a chip on their shoulder who think the world revolves around them.

Fifth, tourists who don't know any better.

Pat's cheesesteaks are tasteless, undersized and come on a plain, squishy roll that tastes like it was made by Wonder.  There is just nothing to recommend about it.

Maybe the worse thing is that Pat's is usually dirty.  Look across the street at Geno's.  It is spotless.  At Pat's you never know what you might catch.

On second thought, the worst part is that tourists come here expecting to get a real, top quality cheesesteak and end up with perhaps the worst possible example.  It is too bad Pat's doesn't have more pride in their product.
I've had cheesesteaks before, but this was an altogether different experience.  For starters, I learned that ordering a cheesesteak in Philly (or at least, at Pat's) requires its own language, specific syntax and all.

As an example, to obtain a cheesesteak with Cheez Whiz (really, is there any other type?) topped with onions, one would walk up to the window and state "Steak, Whiz, With."  That's it.  Pay up, your sandwich, if that's even the appropriate term, will arrive at the next window over within a moment.  They don't mess around back there.

For those looking for something a little more formulaic, it's...

[Sandwich Type], [Cheese/Faux-Cheese Selection], [With/without Onions]

-------

All that said, I didn't have any cheesesteak on this excursion.  Just their fries.  Which, considering their pricing at $2.50 and the quantity, don't seem to be much of a deal.  Particularly given the lack of overhead, since it's only outdoor seating.

On the other hand, they were amazingly satisfying fries.  Ultra-crisp on the outside, nicely salted, and starchtastic on the inside.  Just the way I like them.  Mmm.  Fried fantasticness.

Would repeat.  Perhaps after a few hours on a treadmill.
I came to Pat's right after I left Geno's..........after all, it was just a hop, skip, & jump away from each other.............and being that this Hawaii boy made it all the way to Philly for work, by George, I had to have me my Philly cheesesteak sandwiches!!!

Pat's has been around even longer than Geno's, as Pat's King of Steaks was founded in 1930 by Pat Olivieri. He originally sold hot-dogs from a hot-dog stand, but one day decided to make a steak sandwich which caught the eye of one of his loyal customers who was a cabbie............after that, the steak sandwich was born!

Pat's has a similar set up like Geno's.........you go to the ordering counter, & order your sandwich. Please note the ordering sign, as they have instructions on how to order your sandwich to keep the line moving. 
Upon getting your sandwich, there are a few outdoor tables & seats, as this place is basically a grab & go kinda place too.

Upon ordering my sandwich, I got my cheesesteak with onions and American cheese. Just a tip gang.........don't do American cheese..........get the "Whiz" instead, as that's the true way to eat a cheesesteak sandwich. 
I guess I'm not a fan of cheese whiz, and that is why I did the American cheese..........but the American cheese didn't really go too good in the sandwich..............so get da Whiz! No can go wrong!

I liked the fact that Pat's cuts up their meats for their sandwiches...........as the meat tasted less chewy than Geno's, but overall..........it was just okay for me as I've had better at other places.

Loved the history about this place, as Pat's King of Steaks is well know in Philly.
My visiting daughter and family wanted to try some "famous cheesesteaks", so off we went to the two big rivals, right across the street from each other.  The family was all waiting for my daughter and I at Pat's, while we were at Geno's. 

I'll start with first impressions: My daughter desperately needed to use the rest room and Pat's told her to go over to the park adjacent from them!  We did and there was no rest room!  Geno's was right there, so we asked them and they slipped her into the back and left her piddle.

Now we get to friendliness, cleanliness and decor.  Pat's is old and dirty and has not spent one dime of their profits to stand out in these three fields.  Geno's on the other hand has put a lot into these areas.

Now for the cheesesteaks:  Even though we were all headed to Pat's, my daughter and I were so impressed with Geno's that we ordered our steak and fries there. The other 5 in our party stayed at Pat's. 

My daughter and I took our order from Geno's over to Pat's to eat with the others ( tacky for sure and I would have rather ate at Geno's because of the cleanliness and decor). 

First of all, to order a sandwich and fries at Geno's, you must order them and pay for them separately at two different windows,  I can see where this works for them at busy times, but we were the only ones there.  

The meat at Geno's is much, much better than at Pat's.  Everyone, but my stubborn son in law agreed.  The bread is better at Pat's.  The onions are raw at Geno's and sauteed at Pat's.  With a grilled sandwich I would have preferred the sauteed, but I did order a cheesesteak hoagie, so that may be the reason. 

Pat's uses more cheese.  I had provolone. 

All in all, if you add it all up, Geno's definitely has the better of the two cheesesteaks and wins hands down for decor, cleanliness and friendliness.
Pat's Steaks were damn good.

As a tourist, I did the rounds of several major cheesesteak spots and can say I thoroughly enjoyed Pat's. Their cheesesteaks were packed! The meat was chopped and packed thick- and it was dripping cheesy goodness! I'm not from Philly, so I can say this without any bias- Pat's was legit.

I'm aware that Pat's is considered a tourist cheesesteak shop, but this is one tourist shop I'll keep coming back to. Out of all the cheesesteaks I tried in Philly, this one was the fattest and cheesiest- I loved it.
Extra Cheesesteak Wit Whiz

Tips for Ordering at Pat's

The line at Pat's King of Steaks moves quickly, so it's best to be prepared -- know what you want, and how to order it by the time you get to the front of the line!

Step 1
Specify if you want your steak with (wit) or without (wit-out) onions

Step 2
Specify Plain, Cheez Whiz, Provolone, American or Pizza Steak

Step 3
Have your money ready. We are cash only.

Step 4
Order just your steak at the first window. The second window is for fries and drinks.

Step 5
Eat up while it's hot! Honestly, when it comes to Pat's, I figured it would be best to "borrow" their Tips for Ordering (pasted above). That's really all you need to know.... Whether you want a Steak, a Hot Dog, a Pork or a Fish Cake, the most important aspect of Pat's is knowing how to order. The food? Well, it's in the title..."King of Steaks" No, seriously, every bite is complete Cheesesteak Bliss and you SHOULD believe the hype!
While I've been to Philly a few times before and had cheesesteaks, this is the first time I've tried one from the two biggest names in the city.  I chose Pat's to try first as they're the older of the two.  Geno's, you're next. 
 
ATMOSPHERE:
We must've stepped on dog poop because we luckily found parking right across the street from the restaurant.  As we pulled in, I saw the line that spilled out onto the street.  I was thinking hell no, forget it.  But you know what?  The line moves pretty darn quick, so just do it!  Hordes of cars kept coming and coming with the line at Pat's and Geno's taking turns ebbing and flowing.  Everyone entertained themselves while waiting to get to the ordering window, especially in selfies with the neon biz sign.  Once you near the ordering window is when you'll see the menu and "how to order" signs.  The first window handles strictly sandwich orders.  If you want sides or drinks, you order and pay again at the second window.  Picnic table-style seating wraps around the fluorescent-lit covered lanai.  There are no restrooms or place to wash your hands.  Napkin dispensers are readily available to mop up the messy job at hand.
 
MENU:
Steak sandwiches in 13 varieties, roast pork, hot dog, fish cake, fries in 4 varieties.  Water, soda, coffee, tea, cocoa.
 
3-STEP ORDERING:
It's beneficial to know what you want by the time you get to the window as things move swiftly.  Step 1: Choose your sandwich.  Step 2: Say "wit" AKA "with" if you want grilled onions in your sandwich.  Step 3: Order your cheese type (cheese whiz is the liquid stuff, provolone or American).
 
FOOD:
Mushroom Cheese Steak - $11.04
I got mine wit (onions) and cheese whiz.  The odd price is so that the total rounds up to an even amount with tax.  No time to deal with change here.  Does it live up to the hype?  I say, sure.  I'm not a cheesesteak aficionado but I thought it was good.  The bread was soft, the rough-chopped steak tender and flavorful with the liquid cheese adding more savory notes and the fresh mushrooms a nice earthy flavor.  It's quite a large sandwich, probably close to a footlong but I finished it!  Had I taken time to read the menu better, I would've ordered the sandwich with peppers too. 
 
SERVICE:
It was a chaotic, comical mess but in an organized way LOL.  I've never paid for and received food so quick in my life, literally within 20 seconds.  The guy taking orders was cool, even double checking that I really wanted onions and mushrooms on my sandwich.  I added on sodas but was told it's ordered at the next window.  Wham, bam, thank you ma'am!
 
TIPS:
Cash only.
 
Open 24/7.
 
OVERALL:
It's something you should experience when visiting Philadelphia.  It may not be the best cheese steak around but these guys are legends in their own way.  We'll see how Geno's compares next time.  Follow/friend me and you'll know soon!
Simply stated: No self-respecting Philadelphia native would ever eat here. What you will find here are tourists, Rangers fans, "bros" from South Jersey, and people who just plain don't know any better. The meat and cheese are always cold, the rolls soggy, onions undercooked, and there is hardly any meat on the sandwich at all. It's not the impression you want to get of a cheesesteak.

Do yourself a favor and go to John's Roast Pork, Gooey Louie's, or pretty much anywhere else in South Philly that isn't on that tourist trap corner.
Props for being the reported inventor of the cheesesteak, and for being better than Geno's (across the street).  I've had much better luck finding a table here, and the general experience is better; less attitude, an impression of better cleanliness.  The beef is better seasoned, has less gristle (still more than it should) and is much moister.  If this moistness is described as "grease," then yes, the Pat's cheesesteak is greasier than the Geno's version.  I've never experienced so much grease that the bread was saturated, unless the sandwich was left in its foil wrapper for an extended period.  Not as good as Jim's or Dalessandro's, but better than Geno's.
I told him not to, but my good buddy and fellow Yelper Tom E (https://www.yelp.com/user_details?userid=g8j2ci2FcvmocszcO6ypNw) drove from the suburbs of Atlanta to my place in the city, during rush hour, to deliver a birthday gift that included one Pat's Original Philly Cheeesesteak. The cheesesteak had been flown in that same morning. Thank you, Tom.

For those who don't know, Pat's and Geno's are the most popular places to get a cheesesteak sandwich in Philadelphia. They are old and they are competitors. "Pat's King of Steaks" is the "inventor and originator of the cheesesteak sandwich." They've been in business since 1930. During one of my visits to Philadelphia, friends and locals steered me away from Pat's and Geno's, both of which are popular with tourists. Instead, I went to Jim's Steaks South Street: https://www.yelp.com/biz/jims-south-st-philadelphia.

It would not be fair to make a comparison of my experiences with Pat's and Jim's since I had to reheat Pat's cheesesteak at home while I had Jim's cheesesteaks fresh at the restaurant.

You can purchase Pat's cheesesteaks by mail-order through Goldbelly: https://www.goldbelly.com/pats-king-of-steaks. The cheesesteaks were shipped frozen with dry ice packs and reheating instructions. The cheesesteaks were already assembled and wrapped in Pat's signature logo'd white paper wrappers. The Cheez Whiz was packed in separate containers. At the time of writing this review, Goldbelly offered Pat's Original Philly Cheesesteaks in sets of four ($79 or $19.75 per sandwich), eight ($129 or $16.13 per sandwich), and 12 ($169 or $14.08 per sandwich). Shipping was included in the quoted prices.

Reheating was quick and easy. Instructions were to bake at 300 degrees for 10-14 minutes until the bread was lightly-crisped and the meat heated through. The Cheez Whiz could be reheated in the microwave or in a saucepan. I reheated the sandwich in my old toaster oven so it took a little longer than 14 minutes. I used the microwave to melt the Cheez Whiz.

I was impressed with how the sandwich turned out. It looked just like the cheesesteaks I saw of Pat's online. I had the "Wit" onions and Whiz version, but you can get "Wit-Out" onions and change the cheese to Provolone or American if you want. I think I may have baked the sandwich a little too long because the outside of the hoagie roll started to crack and it was extra crispy. That was okay, though, because the inside was warm, soft, and delectably chewy. The bread was good. There were plenty of tender morsels of quality ribeye, but what brought everything together was the melted Cheez Whiz. Mmm... That melted cheese coated the steak and eventually found its way to the bottom of the sandwich, soaking into the bread. This made each bite rich, flavorful, and really satisfying.

There aren't many ingredients - bread, meat, onion, cheese. Pat's found the right combination of quality, taste, and texture. If you're considering purchasing some of Pat's cheesesteaks via mail order, let this review be a vote of confidence. At the time of writing this, you can only get the Original Philly Cheesesteak via Goldbelly. The Mushroom Steak, Pepper Steak, Mushroom Pepper Steak, Pizza Steak, Fish Cake, Hot Dog, and Fries are not available online.

Enjoy.
Pat's King of Steaks is a tourist staple for cheesesteaks in Philly. It's always a ton of tourist here because of their popularity from different television shows. Pat's is one of the first cheesesteak places I ate at in Philly (along with Geno's). I got a cheesesteak with onions and Cheez Whiz. It's important to know what you want to order before arriving at the window. I thought Pat's cheesesteak was decent. I prefer Cheez Whiz over provolone. There are peppers for customers at the napkin area. Pat's is usually busy on weekends. Expect long lines during prime hours (moves fast).Street parking can be a hassle at times. If you're a tourist, check out Pat's at least one time. Pats rival Geno's is a few feet away. Both restaurants are located in a busy section of Philly. Deciding who has the best cheesesteak is fun for foodies or cheesesteak lovers. I give Pat's King of Steaks a 3.5 rating.
I just got into Philadelphia and wanted a classic cheesesteak. Time to check out the Geno's-Pat's rivalry. 

Which was better? Well, I could only eat at most one sandwich so I went with Pat's, the higher rated cheesesteak shop on Yelp. Plus, there was no line. 

I read the "how-to" sign and still screwed up ordering. I said "wit cheese whiz." Oops, sorry, I'm a tourist! Please just give me my cheesesteak with ("wit") onions and cheese whiz.

With money in hand, I paid and got my sandwich. A good sized cheesesteak filled with sliced beef, grilled minced onions and cheese whiz. At first glance I loved it, especially the cheese whiz part. Then I took a bite and noticed the meat was dry. There was also not enough cheese whiz on my sandwich. It would have been better if the meat was mixed with the cheese beforehand. One bite would be ooey and gooey, then another bite would be full of tasteless, dry meat. I want more cheese whiz! I threw away half of my sandwich in disappointment. 

Price: $8.50 for a cheesesteak, tax included.
Pro:  This simply is what it's supposed to be: a no-frills helping of meat, bread, cheese, and onions. It's a suitable meal for late-night barflies and non-calorie counters. The historic reputation makes it a stopping point for out-of-towners that want the bragging rights of a cheesesteak in Philly. And for those who don't know how to order one "like a local", a large instructional sign is placed near the service window for your reference. #betterthangenos

Con:  If you scroll through the reviews of Pat's, you will find that many of the better ones are written by non-Philadelphians. This illustrates two points...1) Pat's is a bit of a tourist trap, and 2) Locals know that a better cheesesteak can be found in Philly. Ladies and gents, both points are right! Though adequate for what it is, I expected better...

Bottom Line: Try it for the experience, search elsewhere for the superiority.
So we were in Philly for the day... Of course, we wanted to get some cheese steak for lunch. Well, we should've listened to the locals. This place was a tourist trap- long lines, cash only and no where to sit. And to top it off, they rush you when you order and of course, we made the mistake of not saying provolone so all of our hoagies were with cheese wiz. Not everybody in our group liked cheese wiz so when I asked for an exchange, the guys working the front just said you ordered wrong so deal with it. I just didn't like the attitude. Just very rude- 
So that was my experience... It would've been fine if the cheese steaks were actually good but sadly, it wasn't. The steak was dry and the bread stale. I don't think having provolone instead of cheese wiz would've made a difference. NEVER AGAIN!!
First time ever at Pats and have to admit I was underwhelmed with my cheesesteak. Isn't this place supposed to be the best in PA? My sandwich was made in record speed though but the meat was dry. Went with whiz and onions which was the only thing making this cheesesteak work.

Too bad I read the reviews after the fact and realized I went to tourist trap and could've gone to a number of better places. 

Next!
Good Cheesesteak. I have had better cheesesteaks though. A good touristy place and the food wasn't horrible. a Fun place to watch all the people too.
We had 3 hours to tour Philadelphia and we made it a point to stop at the touristy Pat's and Geno's for my virgin friends to see who had the better sandwich.  We came on a chilly Wednesday in February and there was no line.  Totally different than my last visit in October when the line was wrapped around the building. 

Stephen liked Geno's who uses sliced meats where Pat's uses chopped meat.  If I had to pick, my vote still remains with Pat's. They also put the cheese on top, which makes their sandwich look fuller.

However, my favorite isn't either one but John's Roast Pork, which is our next stop on the tour of Philly.
Seriously, why do people rate this place so high?  It must be the out of towners that have never had a cheesesteak.  If that's the case, then yes, the cheesesteak sandwich in general is an outstanding work of art.  However, Pats or Genos for that matter, are not even close to the best in the city.

The one thing I will give them is they are open late (24 hours), so if you've been out drinking and partying, this cheesesteak at 4AM will taste awesome.  However, if you are sober and looking for quality, look elsewhere.  The atmosphere is classic South Philly, I'll give them that.  However, the sandwich is overall sub-par.

In my opinion, the best cheesesteak in the city belongs to John's Roast Pork, in fact, they may have 2 or 3 of the best sandwiches in the city.  Their cheesesteak, chicken cheesesteak, roast pork and new roast beef are all dynamite.  Don't waste your time with Pats or Genos, head down to Johns Roast Pork.

Other cheesesteaks that are far better than Pats, in no particular order:

Talk of the Town
Shanks
Chinks
Jim's
Steve's
Tony Luke's
Gooey Louie's
Campo's

You get the drift...there are better options out there.
Here it comes y'all, I'm pulling out the race card.  Get ready.

So, if you ask a white person in Philly to name the best place to get a cheesesteak, they will probably say Pat's, Geno's or somewhere on South Street.  All of these places will ask you questions such as, "Wit or witout [cheeze wiz]".  

I've never been to Geno's (too racist), but I've done Pat's and several similar incarnations along South Street, including a vegan steak at Govinda's and they have all been absolutely terrible.  As a newbie to Philly I choked down the flavorless meat (or "meat") and wondered what all the hype was about.

Then I met some black people.

If you ask a black person in Philly to name the best place for a cheesesteak, the response will likely be Max's--particularly the one at Broad and Erie.  It's in the hood.  The guy making them has one visible tooth.  A homeless person will probably ask you for change on the way in.  The Philadelphia Tourist Bureau is not coming around to take pictures.  

But the steaks?  Oh man, the steaks are amazing.   Flavorful sizzling meats, perfect fried peppers and onions, fresh bread seared on the grill and a cramped line filled with shit-talkin'' Philadelphians?  This is a real Philly experience.  American cheese comes standard, swap up for provolone if you want.  Just don't mention "wiz".  

Go to Pat's for a photo op.  Go to Max's for a cheesesteak.
I visited today, since Pat's is literally right across from Geno's. We wanted to try a variety. Pat's is a CASH only establishment and all prices include the tax already. We ordered a philly cheese steak no onions, but with whiz cheese. The cost of our sandwich was $11. We also order a small cup of french fries which was $5 dollars. I forgot to take a picture, but the appearance was not too kosher. I liked the fact that the bag where it was packaged was in a wax paper like bag and you couldn't see the grease seep through.  We took our sandwich back to the hotel to make the comparisons. We cut the sandwich in three  equal pieces and split the fries. My first bite was from Pat's. Pat's philly sandwich, the thin slices of meat were seasoned and very tender, bread soft and chewy in texture, cheese gooey making the sandwich a perfect combination. Let's talk about the fries, the fries were not very crunchy, somewhat soggy. I really didn't eat them only had 3 pieces. 
At the end, my kids and I made a unanimous vote and the clear winner was Pat's. I believe that the wiz cheese  was the winner ingredient and the glue to the sandwich. If you come to Philly no doubt visit Pat's. (I want another sandwich!!) Lol
When we visited Philadelphia, I had to go to the two famous Philly Cheesesteak places.  Are they tourist traps?   Maybe, but I enjoyed going to both places.  Pat's King of Steaks was our second stop.  Found street parking right next door to the competition. Our timing was perfect for both places because there was no line of people at either restaurant!!

We wanted to do our own taste test competition so we ordered the Cheesesteak with cheese wiz and onions from both places. We both agreed that both sandwiches were delicious.  We also both agreed that Pat's King of Steaks sandwich was the best of the two!!!  The meat just tasted better!

Pat's may not be as bright looking as the competition across the street, but they are the champs in my book.

Would I like either place, if I was not a tourist?  Did I fall trap to the nostalgia of it all?  I don't really care.  All I know, is that both wifey and I thoroughly enjoyed our Cheesesteak sandwiches wit and with the wiz!!
My wife loves going to the cheese steaks shops in the city so I have waited in line many times with her at Pat's and Geno's, that is normal here in Philly. Sometimes it is a 45 minute wait because it is a definate tourist attraction. Although I have not been in Philly in the past few months,  I have tried these in the past and they were very good. They are kind of expensive at over $7 each, but you need more then one to eat and the workers are very hasty and have little patience for new customers. It is definately worth the cost, as it is great tradition that everyone must experience if you ever see Philladelphia. We usually end up here whenever we are in the city.
Pat's King of Steaks reminds of the fable, The Emperor's New Clothes. 
After picking up my California friend at 30th Street Station, we wove our way down to  South 9th Street for a taste of Philadelphia - the renowned, Pat's.  My 12 year old son came along when he heard we would go for cheesesteaks.  

The environment around Pat's is terrific.  People all over the place.  The queue to order.  The Rules for Ordering.  The smack in the puss aroma of burning grease and onions.  The whole migila.  I felt my own excitement rise the closer I came to the ordering window.  I felt the vicarious thrill as my son ordered his first Cheesesteak Witout and Provolone, and a Birch Beer.  Truly, a right of passage. 

Yet, when we sat down at a red metal grate table and began to devour our sandwiches, I noted my son's displeasure with the amount of fat and gristle he had to  spit out.  I, too, was surprised to find red meat in my tumultuous pile of steak, onions, mushrooms and cheese.  Uncooked.  It felt careless. I did not mind that each time I picked up the load to have a bite, and equal amount fell out the back end of the 'wich. That was to be expected from an unfortunate roll incapable of holding its load.  Still, I did not feel like picking up the canned shrooms  and steak pieces to eat them.  

5 Stars for the institution and historic icon that is Pat's King of Steaks. 
2 Stars for the actual product generated from this amazing operation.  

3 Stars for the King who needs to look in the mirror and realize he may be wearing only his reputation.
2.6/10.0

We tried Pat's instead of Geno's due to the latter's xenophobic publicity in the past.
Haven't heard of the people of Pat's being xenophobic assholes, but the person who took our order when we were there (a Saturday night) was at the least a regular asshole.  

They have obnoxious instructions hanging on the wall that explain how they expect you to order your sandwich.  They are very clear that if you screw up the way they want you to order, they'll send you to the end of the line.

I found this to be off-putting but really got the full experience when I got to the order window.  The employee was purposefully obnoxious--either seeming to go along w/ the all business//wit or witout//whaddayawant routine or, in my opinion, just using that as an excuse to get his own rocks off via  a little cheesesteak order line power trip. It was pathetic.  As soon as I said what I wanted he loudly and rudely corrected what I had said by spitting it out in the Pat's code.  When I asked if he recommended cheese whiz or provolone cheese, he screamed "WHATEVER YOU WANT!".  When I was done ordering the sandwich, he told me to move along.  I asked if I could order a drink as well and he screamed "YOU DON'T DO THAT HERE!.......IN THE OTHER WINDOW!".
It was disgusting.  All I could think was what a loser this cheesesteak order window bully was.  

I've seen others describe the all business/high-stress ordering scenario with stars in their eyes as if it's part of the fun.  Those people are cooked.  Always thought it and it was confirmed when I got to experience it first-hand.  Made me regret giving them my $$ before I even got my mediocre cheesesteak.

The cheesesteak was OK.  Not terribly upsetting, but not the best in Phila.  Ehh.  I'd give the cheesesteak a 7.1/10.0.  I'd give the service and non-eating experience a 0/10.0.
Yeah, I should have read the reviews but GEnos was crowded.  This place is not all that, Nasty service!  No need for attitudes! If you think NYC is full of people with bad attitudes you will get that here. The lines are long, for what! IDK! My hubs wanted it sooo bad, so in the cold we wait and wait. So a big sign that says cash only!!!! Yes!! No plastic here!! It's a walk up window service, and these assholes want you to be ready to order before you look at the menu! So I hate attitudes, so I pass on their food, but the hubs orders and gets cheese fries and a nice sub.

He orders a philly cheese with wiz, yuck!!!!!! Nasty!!!, steak ums taste better than this mess, the bread is cheap and soggy!!! The seating area is filthy!!!  This place is overhyped , maybe it once was good... But avoid!
I've been to Philly a bunch of times and in all my visits, haven't noshed on a Philly cheesesteak. The group I was with on this occasion unanimously agreed that it would have to be from Pat's as we weren't hungry enough to get ones from each to compare. Plus, I don't each red meat that much anymore and didn't want a total stomach upset for the 2-hour ride back home. Pat's was good, we got ours witout but with wiz. Make sure you get the lingo down before ordering and heaven's to Betsy, you don't need to preface the sandwich with Philly - you're in Philly. It's like saying chai tea or ATM machine when you're there. While no one in our group dislikes onions, we figured if we're sharing it's easiest to get witout. That's an intentional drop of the H, don't @ me.

The meat itself was good, not as greasy as I had mentally prepared myself and the cheeze wiz, while normally I would classify it as an aberration of the American cuisine, fit in perfectly. The bread was meh, a bit on the stale side. It didn't soak in the grease at all which was, interesting? Now that I can answer 'Yes!' to the 'Omg you were just in Philly, DID YOU GET A CHEESESTEAK?!' question that is so often tossed my way, I'll be happy to venture forth and try the more gastronomically adventurous ones in the city.
I visted Pat's King of Steaks after reading and hearing about the hype from friends who have been there. The place is accross the steak from their competitor Geno's. Both places had long lines but because I heard Pat's was better, i lined up. I waited in line for 5 minutes. I missed the crowd by fives minutes. I was there around 1 pm. Once you order, It reminded me of the Soup Nazi scene from Seinfeld. You have to get your cash ready (they only accept cash and tell you to borrow from friends if you don't have any) and know what you want. If you want to take your time, don't get in line. Then you get your cheesesteak instantly after you pay. Maybe because I had high expectations but the cheesesteak was not that good. The meat was dry and over-cooked. The soda I ordered was water down. I was lucky enough to find seats after a few minutes but for most people, there was no place to sit down and enjoy your cheesesteak. Overall, I have experienced better cheesesteak in nyc. It was a good first experience but not a cheesesteak I would drive from nyc to philadelphia to try. In fact, I like Carl's Steak and Charley's better.
Every time I watch some travel channel show that lists Pats as "The" place to go in Philadelphia to get a cheesesteak, wait.... let me re-phrase that, to get the best cheesesteak, I want to laugh. I remember the first time I ever had one. My father took me there when I was 14. Even at that young age I knew that this was something greasy and disgusting. The only reason I choked it down and smiled is because my dad thought that he was doing something really nice for me. 

So, ok it's been a lot of years since then and since my husband and I just happened to be in the area we thought, well why not. My best advice is, don't go. Save yourself and just don't do it. It's actually worse than I remember it.
So it was kinda early on Saturday morning when we found ourselves standing between the big 2 (Geno's & Pat's). Because I wasn't super hungover this wasn't the breakfast I had in mind, but we were here and it was on my list to eat as many cheesesteaks as possible during our trip. If you're gonna blow your diet go big or go home right? 

I noticed they were both cash only, which was unexpected and annoying, so we walked over to a totally sketchy looking ATM on the Geno's side. Great. Luckily I left with my bank account in tact. 

At that moment some random tour group materialized and lined up at Geno's so it was Pat's no matter what.

I got the cheez whiz with mushrooms and onions and the flavor was great but the bread didn't seem as fresh as it was at the first place we tried. 

We split the pizza fries too. All the cheese was at the bottom and all the tomato sauce was on top - considering there were no forks available it wasn't fun to eat with my dirty fingers. 

There were definitely some locals there, and it was a really cool spot to eat and feel like we were in the heart of Philly. I'm totally sold on the cheez whiz too, I've been missing it since I got home and Dallas can't help me :(
I am starting my review while standing in a line that is in the middle of the street (no one said tourist were smart). I've been here before and I'm proud to say I'm a Pat's Guy. Years ago I did my own taste test of Pat's vs Geno's and I liked Pat's better.  Geno's location is too flashy and clean for me. I know Geno is not hurting because the end of his line is also in the middle of street almost touching Pat's. Yes there is a lot of horn honking from the angry Sunday Drivers!!!

There is so much action here.  I waited in line and ordered my sandwich with ease...10 years ago when I first ordered a sandwich I was so nervous because there is a warning that says if you screw up you go to the back of line.  And I did not want that to happen.

I ordered my sandwich...Wiz Cheese Steak with Onions...and not a problem with the counter...guy had my sandwich before I got my change...oh yeah cash only...I would love to collect the money here.  9 bucks get you one sandwich...it is probably more of a 6 buck sandwich but it has become an institution...I blame those damn food network shows for driving the price up and people here.

Pat's keep up the good work and remember you are an institution...never for get that!!!
I'm driving down to Florida and had to stop by. It has been years since I was here. Basically the same. Nothing to write home about. Your basic cheesesteak. Nothing great. Nothing bad. Basic. After I started eating it I went back to the window and purchased a side of pizza sauce & sliced provolone to add to it. It kicked the flavor profile up a bit. Better than I started with. Good for a Sunday late night 1:00 a.m. snack. It did its job.
Pat's King of Steaks was a place that I had no real plans to pay a visit, but we found ourselves in the area and decided to give both Pat's AND Geno's a shot, trying and splitting a Philly from each location.  We began our adventure at Pat's.  

You can find Pat's off of Wharton street, and literally a stone's throw away across the street is Geno's, so these guys are competitors in the truest sense of the word. It also makes it easy to sample both at the same time if you desire (we did). 

From the moment you stand in line, there's a series of steps on how to order a steak (i.e. learn to use "wit" a lot).  We did decide on getting their Cheese steak ($11).  Pat's does have some optional toppings you can add opposite their store front which are all on the house.  

The Philly meat comes chopped and in terms of flavors, I preferred Pat's over Geno's.  Their meat was packing a little more flavor to me than Geno's, and if I had to pick between the two, i'd go to Pat's first. The sandwich is served whole, so if you want to share with someone, you'll have to tear it in half (staff would not cut the sandwich for us).

Flavor, ironically is the only win that Pat's has over Geno's, which some would argue is all they need...flavor.   Geno's has it all over Pat's in terms of price, cleanliness, customer service (they happily cut our sandwiches), but flavor is all Pat's .

So, in the war between Pat's or Geno's, I wouldn't travel to Philly to experience either of these two popular tourist spots. Truth be told, there are much more tasty sandwiches in other parts of Philly, but if you find yourself in the area, you probably will get a little more flavor squeezed out of Pat's.  But don't take my word on it.  

Give these guys a try if you're close and willing!  

P.S. cash only!
Ah, the age old debate in Philly - which is better, Pat's or Geno's?  While I can't say that either of the two are my favorite cheesesteak joints in the city, I'd have to chalk it up to Pat's.  

The sandwich itself is alright.  The meat is chopped nice & thin, which is key in marrying it to the the cheese & onions.  I'd also recommend the pizza steak, which is pretty much just the addition of red sauce.

You won't get as much lip service as across the street at Geno's, but do be prepared to know what you want at the counter, as they will give you a hard time.
Pat's or Geno's? Geno's or Pat's?

Yeah, yeah, yeah. I like Pat's. 

One reason: the bread tastes fresher. For a sandwich with not much in it, bread is a large and important component, and Pat's got some tasty, tasty bread.

Another reason: I like the way the meat's chopped up. I don't care if Geno himself slaughters the cows that comprise of the beef for his cheese steaks; Pat's is tastier. 

Of course, this is hair-splitting, and if Geno wants to give me free cheese steaks, I'm sure as hell not gonna say no. I'm just sayin'...
Occasion:  Lunch with European friend

So, I have a friend from Ukraine visiting the area who has never been to Philly...seemed logical to get him a cheesesteak.  Pulled up to the corner and chose Pat's, mainly because I parked closer to it and I don't really know the difference yet.  

Huge line, but moved fast.  Friendly, efficient service.  Why the one star?  At the risk of getting hate messages from Pat's lovers, the sandwich was a HUGE disappointment.  The meat was scarce and tough/dry, and the bread was excessively chewy.  Those combined to form a sandwich I could barely bite through.  I've had MUCH better cheesesteaks in many other places, without paying $11 for them.  

To add insult to injury, there was a huge shortage of seating mostly caused by people holding seats forever while the rest of their party waits in line for the food.  Where I come from, the custom is to NOT hold seats and let the people with the food have the tables!  If executed properly and courteously (meaning don't linger after eating when you can see the place is slammed), this system works well such that by the time you get your food there will be a table for you.  Sheesh people amaze me sometimes!

To recap, we ended up eating our shitty sandwiches standing by our cars and my European friend now think's I'm even crazier than the average American for even bringing him here.  

Nope.  Never again.
Everyone visiting Philly has to have a Philly Cheesesteak and I did not pass up the opportunity. What better place than Pat's, the creators of the original cheesesteak. 

After researching the correct terminology to properly order, I got a "wit w/ whiz" (aka Grilled steak with onions, and Cheez Whiz). Also make note this place is CASH ONLY and you order cheesesteaks at the first window, then fries and drinks at the second window. Don't mess up the flow or I hear they will bump you to the back of the line.

Overall the flavor of the sandwich was very good. The hoagie roll was incredible; one of the best I have ever had. They chopped and almost diced the meat up which made for easier eating. I just wish there was more of the meat as pieces of it were far and few between in some bites. The grilled onions were heartily chunked and cooked perfectly, and just the right amount of Cheez Whiz.

Honestly at the end of the day, this place is a bit of a tourist trap as the locals I spoke with said there are far better places for a legit Cheesesteak in Philly, but for a tourist like me, it was a fun experience to at least do once!
I would travel for good food. I was told not to bother with cheesesteaks this part of Philly but I always have to learn the hard way. I mean, this place has been around for decades so they must be doing something right, right? WRONG!

First of all, the guys that work here are rude. I even did my research on how to order the "proper local way" but no, they're just DB's here. Sorry for patronizing your establishment and now, you actually have to move those heavy arms to make me a sandwich.

The cheesesteak wasn't that great at all. There's too much bread, not enough meat. They serve their beef chopped and the whiz is on top of the beef.

Locals and non-locals would tell you to stay away from this place, they aren't lying. This was a mistake I wish I could undo.
How can you NOT give Pat's 5 stars? This IS THE PLACE to get a cheesesteak in the town and the original restaurant that made it famous. I have driven through Philly, and anywhere near it at ALL times of the day and middle of the night to find a crowd here enjoying the fantastic fare at Pats. 

There may be some locals reviewing Pats and giving it low stars- but I have to disagree- if there are better cheesesteaks in Philly, thats great; but for how long have they been in operation? Are they open at 3am? Most likely you will find some fantastic steaks in Philly- but Pats for me takes the, um steak- they are the ORIGINAL, in business for 82 YEARS (as of 2012), the quality is top notch, and the outdoor seating and stainless steel counter and building exteriors bring you back to another era.

Wit or witout? (grilled onions), I say wit- but definitely READ the menu first and choose your toppings and cheese preference before stepping to the counter (see below). My favorites? Mushroom cheesesteak wit, the cheese fries are a heart attack waiting to happen but OH so good; I suggest ordering two different sandwiches and sharing a large cheesefry order.

From their site:

The Menu

Steaks
Steak
Cheesesteak
Extra Cheesesteak
Pizza Steak
Mushroom Steak
Mushroom Cheesesteak
Mushroom Pizza Steak
Pepper Steak
Pepper Cheesesteak
Pepper Pizza Steak
Mushroom Pepper Steak
Mushroom Pepper Cheesesteak
Mushroom Pepper Pizza Steak

Everything Else

Roast Pork
Hot Dog
Large Hot Dog
Fish Cake (Small)
Fish Cake (Large)
French Fries
Cheese Fries


Tips for Ordering at Pat's:

The line at Pat's King of Steaks moves quickly, so it's best to be prepared -- know what you want, and how to order it by the time you get to the front of the line!

Step 1
Specify if you want your steak with (wit) or without (wit-out) onions

Step 2
Specify Plain, Cheez Whiz, Provolone, American or Pizza Steak

Step 3
Have your money ready. We are cash only.

Step 4
Order your just your steak at the first window. The second window is for fries and drinks.

Step 5
Eat up while it's hot!
Despite the hype and television coverage ( the nonesense of Food Network should tell it all) this is NOT the traditional Philadelphia cheesesteak,.
These steaks are tough and flat.  No real steak uses cheeze wiz.
A real steak is "scrambled" the meat is broken down, shreaded. And the cheese is real.
The famous Pat's and Gino's, across from each other..1st cheese steak in Philly, rib eye meat,cheese wiz, same recipe from 1940 and for me in my personal quest to figure out who has the better Philly Cheese Steak in Philly is now finally over. I gotta give it to Pat's! Although Gino's was delicious too pat's was just more to my liking. It was fun to go to both spots and buy one of each cheese steaks and take pictures there and experience the whole Philly vibe thing while at the same time grubbing down on some good Philly cheese steaks. I can't wait to go back and try other Philly Cheese Steak spots, maybe there's a place that's better than Pat's but for now Pat's is the King.
I hate this place.  Sorry, but I do.
First off, DO NOT yell at me like I am some common drunken jackass.  I was not drunk or rude.  I simply asked you a question and you, you toothless, miserable schmuck, opted to yell at me.
Plus, your sandwich SUCKED.
Greasy.  Flavorless.  Awful.
My family and I drove all the way from the Bronx here because we heard that Pat's King Steaks was the best place to get a Philly cheese steak sandwich.  Unfortunately we were disappointed,  the meat was bland and the bread soggy.  I've had better "Philly cheese steaks" in New York.

Maybe next time I'm in Philly I'll try Geno's...
The rivalry between Geno's and Pat's has been going on for quite some time from what I understand and on my trip to Philly this past weekend I made it my mission to try both and determine a winner. Unfortunately for Pat's... Geno's won but let me explain why ill sum it up in three main categories meat cheese and bread.

Meat:
Pat's: The meat at Pat's is shredded and there is a bountiful amount 
Geno's: The meat is sliced and extremely tender

Cheese:
Pat's: way to much cheese wiz on the sandwich almost a full on cheese sandwich 
Geno's: cheese wiz wiped on the sides of the bread and just a little added to the meat

Bread:
Pat's: Soft but not as good as Geno's in my opinion
Geno's: Soft and soaked up all the juices from the meat creating a soft luxurious sandwich 

The fries here at Pat's were delicious I must say and had a great flavor over all. I also really liked their choices of soft drinks. Any place that serves birch beer is a winner in my book. Parking around here can be a bit of a bitch but that's not Pat's fault.. I just wish it was easier to find parking in the area. But hey it's all worth it in the end once you bite into that cheese steak.
[Pt 2 of 2]

As it was my first visit to Philly this summer, how could I not try Pat's & Geno's?  I know it's a tourist trap and the line takes about 15-20mins during weekend lunch hours.

The cheese steaks at Pat's looks appealing, with a huge pile of chopped rib eye beef overflowing out of the roll.  With grease dripping down your hand with each bite, it's a greasy mess to eat.  It requires at least 3 napkins to eat.  I also got a huge chunk of meat that wouldn't break and I almost choked on it.  The tendon wouldn't break so I had to spit it out.

I prefer Geno's just because it seems like the healthier option.  5 out of 5 people in my little road trip agreed.  The flavors were very similar.  They must use the same seasoning (salt & pepper).

Service was unfriendly and we were treated like cattle.  We were rushed to order and they moved onto the next cow.  There is a ridiculous 2nd line for drinks & fries.  However I prefer the fries from Pat's.  They had a good crispy exterior, as if they were thickly battered.  

I got the cheese steak with the provolone cheese & onions.  Food Feuds with Chef Michael Symon from the Food Network came here and they won the giant trophy on the show but only cuz Pat's had whiz on their steak.  I don't think it was a fair match since they compare apples to apples (or provolone to provolone) like I did.
The original but not the best. I got the mushroom cheesesteak wiz wit. I'm neither a big fan of cheese wiz nor onions, but apparently this is the only way to do it in Philly. Pat's hoagie was big, but the beef was skimping and the mushrooms were from the can. I also had a couple bites of inedible tendon. Maybe they saw I was a tourist and wanted to punk me silly. Not worth the $20 round trip cab ride from downtown.
Yeah, I guess it's kinda like going to the Wiener's Circle for a Chicago Style hot dog, accompanied by a verbal assault when you come to Chicago. Just ask for ketchup on your dog and you'll see what I mean. Same at Pat's King of Steaks, so allow me a little tourist action, Philly. I was brought here by a seasoned local anyway! 

I loved my Steak with Cheese Whiz and onions. And accidentally did not follow the Rules and ordered my fries at the Steak window! Aw, geez, boss! Yeah, that wasn't good! But the cheese steak was! We can't get an authentic cheese steak in Chicago, so, thanks boss!
WIZ WIT! WIZ WIT! WIZ WIT! There was a sign that said to practice what you want to order, so WIZ WIT! After eating a Philly cheesesteak from Geno's across the street, it was time to try Pat's and compare. There wasn't really a line here either (my lucky day) - just one person in front of me. Like I said, there was a funny sign just before the window where you order that explains that if you want onions, its WIT. If you don't want onions, it's WIT-OUT. The next step is to pick your cheese. I wanted Cheez Whiz. WIZ! But you can also pick provolone and some other cheese was another option. The next step was to have your money ready. The last step was to practice your order while waiting in line. 

I ordered my cheesesteak WIZ WIT! I said this with such excitement and enunciated so much that the guy at the window taking my order laughed at me lol. I think he was impressed with my ordering skills. I'm a fast learner. He asked if it was for here, grabbed a cheesesteak with onions and poured a generous ladleful of Cheez Whiz all over it. So much wiz. And so quick! It took like a minute to get my food! And then he said "here you go darling" which made me feel so precious haha! Loved this guy! 

Pat's cheesesteak had a lot more meat, so for the quantity and value Pat's wins. And there was a lot more wiz. Mmmm...wiz! I didn't really taste my much of a difference between the meats and the wiz for Pat's and Geno's. Pat's meat may have been a little more tender, and the meat was in more smaller pieces, which made it easier to eat and bite into. For these reasons, I prefer Pat's cheesesteak over Geno's! And the service was a little bit better too!
X marks the spot. One of the most well known/infamous, albeit coolest and interesting "food fights" is Pat's vs. Genos

Who has the better cheese steak?

A question that cannot be simple to answer, for everyone has their own choice, and theory as to why...

I wont go into who has the best, because so many like to mention the less popular places that claim them to be more delicious.
  Keeping it between these two spots, there is indeed a bit more life at Geno's, and is clearly more flashy than Pat's; but, in this food feud, it certainly isn't equivalent to a decision one way or another.

You will truly have to take the trip to E Passyunk Ave and prepare your ordering method as you wait on line to see for yourself, and become the next professor of perfect Phillies. 
  I took the drive from NY, and got there at 3 am, the lines for both Geno's and Pat's were around the corner; At Geno's, the people waiting on the line were more fun and friendly, more outgoing, than those at Pat's.

All that said, X truly marks this treasured spot with the road crossing in the middle of these two steak stands; Both open 24hrs and both drawing their loyal fanatics, Hold your own taste test and see for yourself. Let me know what you think too!

My opinion of Pat's is on par with their running mate across the street, but my heart goes to Geno's since they were my very first.  

Love of cheese steaks was new for me and it was a confusing time in life, how could a guy choose just one meat?

All this being said I've run rampit around philly, knocking up all the pretty phillies I could wrangle.   They all have their own shine and their own down sides, but that's just the crazy game of love... I'm still talking cheese-steaks if you've gotten lost.    

okay, my time is up, go try everywhere you possibly can and message me your favorites!

Here @ Pats if the lines short I'd suggest grabbing a provolone cheesesteak wit onion
Pat's won the cheesesteak challenge agains Geno's by a hair. The meat was very overcooked but at least it wasn't greasy and the sandwich was not all bread.

We had:

Cheesesteak with whiz and onions - good but not great

Cheesesteak with whiz - my kids thought it was okay at best

Cheese fries - swimming in whiz

If given a choice, I would not go back to either establishment. Jim's beats both by miles!!!
First visit to Pat's, it's the originator of Philly Cheesesteaks so this was a no brainer.

Ordered the wit onions and cheese wiz which I could be totally butchering. I really do require the instruction sheet or a 101 on ordering these things.

I liked this cheesesteak second best to the three I tried on a short weekend trip.

I liked the bread and the meat but I think I'd order extra cheese wiz next time.

The meat is chopped which definitely seems to be the way I prefer it vs sliced.

Service is top notch, arrived to no line, ordered and was handed the cheesesteak in less than a minute. Serious 5 STAR service, the cashier was also wearing a really cut cheesesteak hat. I may need to Google it, I don't even really eat meat, or white bread but yet I want a cheesesteak hat (i don't even bother trying to understand my thought process anymore).

I'd return but there's another spot I did like better than this one.

CASH ONLY.
Yes, it's a touristy spot.

I still wanted to try Pat's out. We've been to Geno's before but finally got a chance to try out Pat's, which is right across the street. Stood in the long line. There is a sign before you get to the ordering counter guiding you in how you should order. It's helpful because this allows the line to move quickly. The cashier was super quick and direct. I'd say in under a minute, he took our cash and handed us our sandwiches. 

There is some outdoor seating available, but it does get packed here. Condiments, peppers, napkins are within reach. We really enjoyed our cheesesteak sandwiches. They were packed with juicy meat, gooey cheese, and diced sauted onions. The bread was fresh and held the sandwich together well. 

So glad we finally got a chance to try Pat's. We definitely enjoyed Pat's more than Geno's. However, Geno's will always have a special place in my heart because it was the first cheesesteak I ever tried in Philly. Both are worth trying at least once. 

Cash Only! There is an ATM nearby if you forget.
Pat's gets one more star than the notorious Geno's because it's slightly less xenophobic. And the owner isn't as much of an ass clown. 

Otherwise see my review for Geno's and you'll get the idea.
What an absolute shitty cheesesteak! This is pure and simply a tourist trap. They are using their reputation as a way to serve mediocre, dry, tasteless meat covered in salty cheesewhiz on an okay bun. The portion is skimpy ... the price is insanely high for what you get and the staff is rude. I honestly would put this on par with Subway. Yet, each time I find myself in Philly, it's usually at a time where this is the only option for a cheesesteak and I forget how bad it was until I order it again.

The day before I ate here this time, there was a shooting outside the restaurant. While the neighborhood is MUCH improved from even 5 years ago, it's still nowhere you want to wander around in alone after dark. There are lots of scammers outside as well. Kids will come up to you asking you to buy a candy bar for their football team. You give them a buck or two and they pretty much tell you to fuck off. Don't fall for it. They'll wait until you have your wallet out after paying and then hit you up for the donation.

The parking situation is insane. I'd suggest parking in the nearby CVS lot, which is somewhat protected, and walking over if you must go here. The street parking spots are amazingly tight and most of the cars have pretty good amounts of 'battle wounds'. Even if you can parallel park like a champ, you may come out and find your car worse for the wear.

So what exactly is a cheesesteak here like? A dry, overcooked and void of seasoning or taste pile of meat. Melted cheap American cheese or orange salty Cheez Whiz. The dry roll is the best part of the sandwich but there is so few meat in it that all you'll taste is roll and melted cheese. You'll likely be full after and can walk across the street to Geno's, which is another tourist trap serving below mediocre cheesesteaks.

There are far better places in Philly to grab a cheesesteak. The local spots are likely the best ... Campos in Reading Market also does a decent one. Unless you want to say you've been here or there's no place else open, you'd likely do better in your hometown at a pizza or sub shoppe than at this tourist trap. No credit cards in 2021 as well. There's really no reason to go here other than the fact this is where people used to go in order to get a good sandwich.
The very same night that I tried my first cheesesteak ever, I also tried Pat's.  A Philly-born friend told me about both rivals, across the street from each other, and it was perfect that the meaty corner was walking distance from the restaurant that served us our first dinner of the night.

We didn't know whether to choose Pat's or Geno's when we walked up, and both places were almost equally busy.  Maybe it was just my aversion to the way too bright lights of Geno's that made me want Pat's, but I was happy with the choice!

We ordered a Mushroom Cheesesteak wit, with both whiz and provolone.  

Now, my first cheesesteak ever - and just before this, that night - would have looked so sadly impotent next to this fat baby that they handed us.  It was HUGE.  And LOADED.  And HOT.

We were too full to eat it while it was hot, so next time I'm back, that's what I'll do.  But even eating it later, I realized this was much better than the previous one I'd had.  The portions were obviously crazy generous, the meat was way more flavorful, and though the mushrooms & onions blended in with the whiz & meat & provolone so you couldn't really taste them, it was good.  The bread was all gooey cheesy meat juicy, in a very good way!

Not that this should have surprised me, but it was also greasy, very very greasy.  But, I guess it should be that way!

So yes, I'm a fan, and I'll be back for a hot one next time I'm around!
Totally overrated.  What's the hype about this place?  I just don't get it.

The steak they use is nothing but cheap, and you can tell.  The cheese doesn't properly melt.  And those are the worst sauteed onions I've had in a long time.

Sad to say it, I think Steak Escape at the mall is tastier than this place.  And cheaper, too. 

2 stars because at least the fries were tasty.
Jim's? Pat's? Geno's? I've never been to Jim's but I think that's where I'd rather be compared to those other two losers.

Everyone loves Pat's better. Why didn't it live up to it's name? I walked a long way to get there, stood in a longass line, let the man touch my sandwich after he handled my money (no gloves at all) and sat on a stoop while grease and cheese dripped all over the ground. It was unsanitary at its best.

My whiz wit and mushroom cheesesteak was a colossal disappointment. Why don't they chop up the meat? Are there tendons in it? I was pulling out huge chunks of fat and ligament types off of my steak. The meat was tough, it was bland and the sandwich overall was cold. Plus, my mushrooms looked like they came out of a can. Pooey.

Wack. Philly may be the birthplace of the cheesesteak but like all other copycats, I'm almost betting that some of the wannabes improved on the recipe. In fact I know where the better cheesesteak lives and it's my secret (to be revealed in my review of Geno's)!
Such a delicious cheesesteak as this was my first of 5 different cheesesteaks I had during my recent 3 day trip to Philly. 

Not as flashy as its counterpart across the street (Geno's) in reference to signage, but definitely makes up for it when it comes to a quality cheesesteak! I ordered a steak with whiz and onions and it definitely hit the spot! Definitely an awesome cheesesteak as the bread was perfect and the meat was definitely on point! It was served up to me in no time and then I got a seat on the side of the building and went to work on it!

I rank Pat's #2 on my cheesesteak list!
Double wiz wit + Pizza wiz wit = One happy little Drewgins (who reeks of onions).

You've all heard of a Philly Cheese Steak.  Well, these are arguably the best ones out there.  Are you in Philly?  Go the extra mile and come to Pat's.  Don't judge this wonderful sammie from anywhere else.  Go to directly to the source!  IMHO Pat's has the best combo of tender steak, fresh bread and tons of wiz from a large can. 

The routine is annoying the first time you order, but it's really not that difficult of a concept.  A few times I have gone to the window and ordered chicken wit broccoli. I laughed.  They did not.  I still got an awesome steak.  Take that Pat.
I won't say who I think makes the best cheesesteaks, but I can tell you that Pat's is not it.  They are soooo greasy.  The last time I enjoyed these was about a decade ago after a night of crazy binge drinking.  Being a sober middle-aged man has made me see reason and I no longer feel the need to come here and be disappointed.  I would mention better alternative locations, but you can pretty much throw a stone from anywhere in Philly and get a better cheesesteak.  If you think the Hard Rock Cafe is amazing, Pat's is definitely the place for you.
After reading horror stories about irate Italians driving people away for placing a cheesesteak order incorrectly (I kept thinking of Seinfeld's soup-Nazi), I was mildly apprehensive. As I was nearing the end of the 30 minute line, my pulse quickened as I tried to remember whether I was supposed to proclaim my cheese preference before or after stating that onions should be included. But apparently it was extremely overblown, because all of the self-proclaimed cheesesteak experts (and there are a lot of these idiots out there on the world wide interwebs) made a bigger deal out of ordering a cheesesteak than was necessary. I yelled "1 WHIZ WIT, AND 1 PROVOLONE WIT!" at a higher octave than planned in my head, handed over $20, got my change, and within 10 seconds, was left holding two sandwiches while looking around stupidly for my friend to pull up with his car. 

But I digress from what really matters: the cheesesteak. I always thought that if Chester the Cheetah had diarrhea, it would look like cheese whiz, so I'd always take the safe (albeit delicious) route of Provolone. But I figured, "what the hell, let's see what the big deal is." I was pleasantly surprised. The whiz worked nicely with the sandwich, oozing in all its neon glory into the meat, and adding the right amount of cheesiness without overpowering it. The meat was hot, flavorful, but somewhat tough when compared to other cheesesteak establishments that I've been to. The bread; honestly, I don't remember anything about it. Overall, my impressions were that the sandwich was filling, warm, and delicious, although the chewy meat, long wait time, and somewhat steep price for what is effectively a medium sized sandwich geared toward tourists from New Jersey (everyone in front of me had the accent) keeps it from being perfect. I know there's better out there, but I left Pat's feeling satisfied and if that doesn't deserve some stars I'm not sure what does.

I didn't do a side by side comparison with Geno's, as recommended by so many people. I refuse to try Geno's because: (1) Geno's looks incredibly garish (like the worst of what Vegas has to offer), (2) Yelpers (Yelpees? Yelps? What are they called?) on average think it's crap compared to Pat's, and (3) the incredible ignorance of the establishment refusing to serve anyone who doesn't speak in English annoys me.
Ever since I was a cheese steak I dreamed about being served from the king of steaks, but after one visit I rather roll off the table. 

The whole sandwich is bland and that's it.
Even though I am NOT a cheese steak lover (I rarley eat them - maybe 1-2 times a year), and I like Jim's better than Pat's, I prefer Pat's to Geno's.

I am also friends with a member of the Olivieri family - so I have to like Pat's better,

I order (quickly) a chicken cheessteak 'wit provolone and 'shrooms.

Too bad it's always so packed there's nowhere to eat. What a greasy mess!
Upon landing in Philly, my cousins and I decided that it was wise to hit up some iconic cheesesteak spots for my first meal in the city. In doing my research, Pat's seemed to be the destined place to visit. The spot was nestled in an Italian neighborhood of Philly with parking being a bitch. We literally went around in circles for 20 minutes and finally walked our way to this joint. 

 Pat's was busy. Across from Pat's was another cheesesteak joint known as Geno's that seemed to be equally busy. Obviously, we knew we had to visit Geno's right after to do a comparison of the two. 

 Pat's had some seating al fresco. The menu was pretty simple...cheesesteaks and hot dogs and fish cakes...and cash only.

CHEESESTEAK WITH PROVOLONE ($11.00): This was just ok for me. I liked the steak but the cheese didn't really do anything for me. I thought the flavor of the meat with the onions went well together, but it just needed more sauce and flavor.  

MY FAVORITE DISH. CHEESESTEAK ($11.00): Cheesesteak wit whiz. This was my favorite. I love the steak with whiz. I think that's how the Phillys do it and the only way to do it. The cheese seasons the steak and makes it creamy and luscious. I love it and its the only way to do it. Onions and all and the bread held up to all the meat.  

Overall, I thought Pat's was pretty good. It's a simple menu of cheesesteaks with the type of cheese of your choice. I personally think its advised to order the steaks with whiz. I could eat multiple of these. We didn't bother with the hot dogs or the fish cakes cause our focus was on the cheesesteaks. Be prepared to wait. There is always a line but it goes by pretty quickly.
I took the taste test and I prefer Pat's. The roll was nicely toasted and the meat in my "wit with whiz" (aka with onions and Cheeze Whiz) was shredded. The other place's roll was spongy and the meat was whole slices.

I also like that Pat's has other things they'll mix into the cheesesteak, like peppers and mushrooms and suchlike.

Parking is a pain. Sandwiches and drinks and fries are CASH ONLY. Good luck.
You want an au-thentic Philly cheesesteak?  Everyone will tell ya Pats or their competitors across the street, Genos.

Both places do sell cheesesteaks, and neither place is close to the best in the city.

Why go to Pats or Genos?  They are worth a miss but the 9th street market is worth a long look if you are a foodie.  

Fantes is a must for serious cooks, cooking equipment fetishists and a look back 30 years to when there were stores specializing in just one category rather then the current pluthera of big box stores with the finest products from China and India on sale 365 days a year.   

Isgro's has some of the best pastry you will find anywhere in the USA.

Anastasi's seafood is a good place if you want to buy good fish and seafood to bring home and carefully make - not much to look at though...

Spice corner will sell ya just a pinch of this or that hard to find spice.

There is a place called DiBruno's.  They have all kinds of meats and cheeses, olives, oils etc.  I am a big guy and one time the guy was getting my order and I was looking.  With fine urban salesmanship the guy who FWIW looked more Irish then Italian to m, said something else catch your eye, my friend?  I said look at me, pal - everything here catches my eye!

If you want to explore the Italian market and say you have been to Pats then go.  If you are reading this, however, you likely know how to use Yelp and will be able to find a better cheesesteak...with no trouble.  Not bad but...
After years of seeing Pat's featured on Food Network, I knew that I had to come by to pick up a cheesesteak during my trip to Philadelphia.  When I first landed at the airport (after a redeye flight from across the country), I knew that my first stop would be Pat's.  I got a cheesesteak with cheeze wiz and onions.  It tasted pretty good at the time.  But, about 30 minutes after I finished eating (as I was driving back to my hotel), I became severely nauseated.  When I arrived at my hotel, I was pretty much ready to pass out - I proceeded to fall asleep for a good three hours.  After waking up, I had the pleasure of dealing with other symptoms associated with food poisoning (I will spare you the details) for the rest of the day and night.  It was the most horrendous night I have ever had while on vacation.  Right now, I am in my hotel room writing this review as I try to handle day 2 of this food poisoning mess.  

I really wanted to love Pat's, I really did.  But if a sandwich is going to put me out for 2 whole days, I really will never come back.  I am scarred for life and am pretty sure that I will never eat a Philly cheesesteak again.
It's funny to me that Geno's is right across from Pat's! Extreme-Competition-to-the-max!

Brother wanted to try Pat's instead of Geno's sooooooooo~ that is what we decided to do! Line was long but it went by quickly

Parking- find street parking

REMEMBER, CASH ONLY SO COME PREPARED WITH THE $$$ BILLS

A philly cheese steak ranges from $9-11(?), depending on what toppings you include on your sandwich. I ordered their Mushroom Philly cheese steak with onions & cheese whiz. It was pretty darn good. They offer condiments and picked peppers on the side which complements well with the sandwich!

To be honest with you, I can't compare Pat's Philly cheese steak to anything else since I've never really tried any other Philly cheese steak other than this one. If I had more time, I would love to try every Philly Cheese steak in Philadelphia to compare & figure out which one is the best. I will save that for next time.
The real deal. The best cheese steaks in Philly. Sooo good! I got mine with onions and white cheddar cheese. They also have peppers and other toppings. It's cash only! And no inside seating.
When in Philly ...

It was time I went and found out what all the hype was about, so I made it a point to also try Geno's, which I did before I hit Pat's, only because I was feeling lazy and hungry and my car was parked slightly closer to Geno's. 

I left my experience from each place giving a narrow edge to Pat's. It seemed the steak was a tad more seasoned here, or perhaps it was the fact that this place seemed slightly grimier than Geno's and whatever lack of deep cleaning gives a little more character to their cheesesteaks. In fairness, however, I ordered provolone versus whiz at both places, which I'm sure is a violation of the rules according to most cheesesteak experts. 

I hate that they're cash only in 2016, but I see they have no problem getting away with it.
A friend convinced me to try this place instead of Geno's, and I don't regret it. My first ever philly cheesesteak was heavenly. I got a "whiz wit", which was stuffed with greasy steak, cheez whiz and onions. My order was ready before I even had the chance to pull out money. Also, this place is CASH ONLY.

The description sounded kind of gross. Seriously, cheez whiz? Don't be all bougie and pre-judge though. This is one of those "don't knock til you've tried it" situation. It's actually a pretty wholesome meal if you think outside the box. There's protein (steak), carbs (bread), dairy (cheez whiz), vegetable (onions) and of course plenty of essential oils. I will definitely be returning!
When in Philadelphia...getting a cheesesteak is a MUST!  But then its the all-time debate of who has the best cheesesteaks...and my pick is always Pat's!  

Upon arrival, there was one barely a line which was great!  There are 2 windows to order from.  One window is to order the cheesesteaks and then the other window to order fries and drinks.  I've been here many times before and already knew my order--whiz wit!  My usual is cheez whiz with grilled onions.  Btw it is cash only so have cash on hand if you plan on grabbing a cheesesteak here.  My cheesesteaks were made in minutes and then moved to the next line to order drinks and cheese fries.  

The cheesesteak tasted great.  The meat was cooked perfectly and was very juicy and that cheez whiz was covered throughout the entire sandwich.  With each bite you can taste the meat, cheese, and grilled onions.  Delicious!  And the cheese fries were covered in cheese....yassss! It was not just a few fries covered in cheese but all of them has cheese!  And you know that never happens at any other restaurant.  

They do have some outdoor seating so you can enjoy eating outdoors.  There is only street parking so just be on the lookout for parking as you approach Pat's.
Ahh, Pat's King of Steaks--the originator and birthplace of the Philly cheesesteak. I actually kickstarted my Philly trip by stopping by Geno's first, but there was no way I was driving home without eating here. My review compares Pat's to Geno's, so read my review of the latter if you'd like a better idea.

LINE/ORDERING:
Pat's system is the same as Geno's (...or is Geno's the same as Pat's?)--line up at the first window to order your cheesesteak, then walk a few feet to your left for drinks and fries. Sandwiches fly out the window within seconds, so don't leave the line until you get your order.

The classic cheesesteak (Cheese Whiz and onions) is called a "Cheese Wit," which is what Tommy (the manager/cashier) relays to the staff. You could also say "Whiz Wit." 

FOOD:
x3 Cheese Wit/Whiz Wit ($10/ea): The sandwiches here are the same size and price, while the ratio of meat-cheese-onions is on point (and perhaps better than Geno's). The main differences, however, are as follows: The bread here is softer, the steak is chopped, you get more steak in your sandwich, the cheese whiz is (for some reason) not as salty, and the sandwich isn't greasy. Taste wise, both places are similar, but I taste more of the (unseasoned) rib-eye here.

We also ordered x2 drinks and an order of fries for $12. The fries here, compared to Geno's, are thicker, larger, and crispier. Good, but again, nothing special about them.

SERVICE: 
Tommy was the one who took my order. He's one of the famous faces at Pat's, and chances are you've seen him on Travel Channel or Food Network episodes featuring this place. He's a cool dude, but don't hold up the line. Learn how to order or at least know what you want by the time you get to the window.

THE BIG QUESTION:
Is Pat's truly the King of Steaks or did Geno's usurp the throne? As much as I'd like to say one is better than the other, I can't. Pat's is famous for many reasons, and Geno's is great in its own right and holds its weight. The sandwiches have their differences with one another, but both are good. All I can say is that the media has done an amazing job building up this fabled cheesesteak rivalry in South Philly. It's done wonders for both Pat's and Geno's and, most importantly, for the popularity of the cheesesteak itself.
So part one of my internal "Pat's vs Geno's Cheesesteak Battle" was at Pat's King of Steaks. Reading the signs on how to order reminded me of The Soup Nazi in "seinfeld", only in this case it's the Hoagie Nazi. Obviously, they're not as mean spirited as Soup Nazi. 

I ordered six mushroom cheese steaks "wit" onions. Yes, I said six. Come on, I'm not going down to south Philly just to get one sandwich, please! It came wit' grilled onions, mushrooms obviously and lots of melted Cheez Whiz. 

Taking a bite out of it, I loved that it was nice and piping hot. The onions literally melted in my mouth, along with the Cheez Whiz. But the steak itself I was not too big a fan of. Don't get me wrong, it did taste good but it was rather hard to chew, sort of like rubber. But again, if it tastes good what does it matter, right? 

Eating it at my car, while looking at the South Philly Musicians Mural with Fabian, Frankie Avalon and Chubby Checker just made me feel as if I was a genuine Philly resident. All I needed to do was yell out, "yo Adrian!"
Apparently I'm a glutton for cheese steaks and I didn't even know it.  If you've ever had a cheese steak anywhere in Chicago, you'll know they just don't compare to the original from Philly.  Now, I had never sampled a cheese steak here in Chicago, but I can tell you that I sampled four different restaurants in Philly and Pat's was by far the best.

As you can read in my review of Geno's, the establishment kiddy corner from Pat's, the xenophobic bigotry was a turn off enough to not even want to eat there, but the food was also bad.  Pat's was just higher quality, period.

The service was great.  The guy that takes your steak order is a little hard to understand, but he totally gets the job done if you make sure to read the sign that says "How to Order."  If you're ready when you get to the window, he'll mumble what he needs to and ask for your money.  Definitely not rude service and ordering is really, really quick.  Your sandwich comes out the same window, so don't walk away without it!

Proceed down to the next window to order sides and drinks.  These people were very friendly (not like the people at window #2 at Geno's) and they were interested in where I was from and that other kind of stuff.  Prices were a bit less expensive and the service is friendlier.  I'll take that (even with higher prices) over rude jerks any day.  

There's no bathroom at either establishment, so beware.  We took a cab down here and back (about $15 total), so it was worth it to go to this part of town for lunch.  There's nothing else to do here, anyway, so you may as well hold it and just go back to wherever you came from.  Definitely worth a bus/cab ride down here just to get a delicious cheese steak.
Came here all the way from CA excited to finally get a taste of the real Philly cheesesteak -- only to be DISAPPOINTED on so many levels. We ordered 3 Philly steaks but we weren't allowed to ask any questions. Customer service not only lacked to say the least but we were told you get what you get and if you don't like it don't come back and go to GENO's across the street. We didn't ask many questions but the 5 seconds we did take to ask since it was our first time they were RUDE!!! I have 2 guys refer to me as 'honey' - very demeaning! 

I got my Philly cheesesteak with what was supposed to be grilled onions (mind you the other two had grilled onions but mine did not and it was barely grilled and still white and crunchy. I asked them about it and that's when I was told 'you get what you get honey and if you don't like it, go somewhere else.' I've never been yelled at as a customer for asking questions but whoa this place thinks they're above it all...seriously??!!

Philly cheesesteak: everyone in our party was EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTED by how it tasted or the lack of. It was bland to start with and we couldn't understand the line in the front or why it's supposed to be popular. I've had much much much better ones in the past so I think they won't have many return customers thus the overall 3.5 rating of this place now, soon it'll be lower. 

GO SOMEPLACE ELSE -- AVOID THIS PLACE!!
... and here, I'm guessing, is how enemies are made.

Pat's-

I really wanted to like your steaks- no- I wanted to LOVE your steaks.

As someone who grew up in the Philadelphia metro area eating delicious gooey cheesesteaks from the likes of Real Pizza in Wayne, etc., I've been traveling the world for the last 13 years proselytizing our city's primary culinary export, bitching about airport restaurants that claim to offer "Philadelphia Cheesesteaks," and spreading the word about Amoroso's rolls to all who would listen.  I had never been to Pat's Steaks and, honestly, I thought I was just saving the best for last.

In San Francisco, I got my wife hooked on the Cheese Steak Shop on Divisidero, so when we got to Philly, we were both primed and ready to dive into Pat's (Geno's is not and will not be an option for us given their English-speaking only stance for their customers.  Call it racism or xenophobia, I call it just plain sad and mean-spirited, especially since they're adjacent to a Mexican food restaurant.  Aren't business owners supposed to be inclusive as a profit-maximizing strategy?  Anyway, back to the review).

So we fight our way down the sidewalk past the neon abomination known as Geno's and see Pat's looking as Philly as Philly can be.  We order at the steak window (no chicken cheesesteaks for the wife, it would seem), then head over to the soda and fries window (annoying rigmarole) to get birch beer (why hasn't this PA treat made it out of the state???).

I was so hungry I horked my steak down, but completely without relish.
In my mind, one of the things that makes a great cheesesteak is that all of the ingredients are jumbled up together because the chef has taken the time to chop it all together on the grill.  At Pat's, they take the roll, layer on the cheese (provolone, in my case), then put on the meat and finally top it off with grilled onions.

Separate but equal?  I think not.

The roll was huge, the steak ended up being pretty dry (since it wasn't slathered in gooey cheese), and the whole concoction just sort of slid, slowly, down my gullet like a fat, dry-meat watermelon.  Where was the flavor?

Sad.

Pat's.  We could have been so good together, but you're just not for me.  I'm leaving you for Jim's on South Street who, if I remember correctly, knows how to do gooey cheesesteaky goodness.

Disappointing.
I avoided this place like the plague, but I just had to check it out when a friend was visiting because of god knows why.

I'm going to go back to avoiding this place like the plague. It's crap. don't go here. Yes, I'm going to use this same review for the place across the street, because they both suck.
It's a steak place I KNOW but ya girl gotta eat too! Okay so I kinda feel bad for giving Pat's a 3 however the other people (who ate meat agreed) I feel like I could only judge them on the fries... Because what I got couldn't be called a sandwich there was like 2 lbs of chopped onion...but seeing that veggie isn't thier thing I feel I'm being fair!.... I was so afraid to ask but when I lookwd over there was a "how to order" sign the last thing was if you mess up don't panic just head to the end of the line...lol so I did...
