Summary:
1. Salt is the only flavor in their repertoire
2. Found a piece of metal in our food
3. Mediocre service

I am seriously so confused why this place has 3.5 stars. I've gone to Pattaya several times over the course of the past 3 years and each time I've gone, I've been severely disappointed. I have always thought it was the worst Thai food I've ever had, but I thought that perhaps I have just been spoiled by the Thai I've had at home in Maryland. Service has always been mediocre, but I tended to give the servers the benefit of the doubt. Perhaps the restaurant is in general so mediocre that people don't even care enough to write reviews on it. After this past dining experience, however, I can no longer lie low with my feelings about Pattaya.

I've wanted to like Pattaya. I kept giving it more chances, trying new things if I didn't like what I had gotten the first time. I usually try to stick with classic dishes at Americanized Thai restaurants--dishes I believe they can't mess up.

But the pad thai, the pad see ew, all the curry dishes, etc. have never ceased to disappoint. In my experience, the pad thai has been not that flavorful and very one-note. The pad see ew has been incredibly greasy. The curry dishes are thin and watery and not flavorful. The rice has come pretty dry. I always felt like I was wasting money and calories on incredibly sub-par food. I'm not one to calorie-count normally but when I go out to eat, I want to enjoy it. Once, one of my friends found a bone in her chicken. In the past, I have also often had trouble calling my waiter or waitress to my table in a timely manner.

This time, my friend and I were seated in the very back corner of the farthest back room, and because of where we were seated we were often ignored and forgotten. I tried the chicken pad woon sen on the specials list, hoping the glass noodles would be light and refreshing. My friend ordered the chicken pad see ew. My pad woon sen, as usual, was too salty but lacked flavor altogether. The vegetables were overcooked and soggy and everything just tasted like salt. So incredibly unmemorable I can't even remember what vegetables the dish included.

Halfway through the meal, my friend suddenly catches something wrapped around a piece of chicken in her mouth--a piece of METAL. We were APPALLED. Usually, you'll find a hair or perhaps a small bone, but I couldn't understand how there was a piece of metal. Upon further examination, we thought perhaps it was a sharp segment of steel wool. But how? It was literally hooked onto a piece of chicken and wrapped around it, so it likely was not from the surface of the dish. Could it have been in the pan itself? Does that mean multiple customers may have had that problem that night?

The server was very apologetic and cancelled the dish on the bill, offering her a new dish. At first, she thought we were low on time and didn't order a new one, but later when she became so bothered by the steel wool that she wanted to order a new dish, we could not call a server to our table for about ten minutes, despite the many servers that came into the room during that time. They were so focused on their own tables that they paid no attention to the surrounding parties.

I don't mean to be overdramatic, but this past experience was just the cherry on top of many low-quality dining experiences at Pattaya. Do not be fooled by the decent Yelp ratings into thinking this place is any good. Save yourself the money, the calories, the time, and try another place instead.
First, I want to thank Pattaya Grill for saving my bacon and actually being available at the last second for a Valentines Day dinner.  I was very fortunate to have excellent company with me that day, and she suggested going here for dinner.

Arriving there at 6:30 on V-Day and finding that there were seats available was a huge relief to me.  They even took us in without a reservation.

We ordered a chicken noodle dish, rasberry duck, and Pad See Ew if I remember correctly.  There certainly was enough for the two of us with these 3 entrees (probably should have stuck with 1-2 to split between the two of us).  I enjoyed the noodle dish and the duck was a new experience for me.

My only knock on this place (and maybe because of V-Day)-but it took them close to 30-60 minutes for them to deliver our food. Fortunately, I had an attractive and entertaining date and didn't mind spending the extra time with her. Additionally, one of the serves did apologize about the delay...so ill try not to hold that against them too much.
Why why why does this place have any stars higher than 2?

I ordered from this place last night and completely lost my appetite. I ordered a tofu pad thai and omg my noodles were PINK! Looked like someone dyed them with some type of chemical. The noodles were so mushed together I couldn't even make out one noodle. I was so grossed out I called and tried to get a refund but they blamed it on Caviar. Terrible customer service, Caviar didn't make the pad Thai duhhh

I'm sorry that I wasted my money here. Hoping to help out anyone else from making the same mistake
I think Pattaya in University City is one of Philadelphia's top Thai restaurants.  While restaurants in its vicinity come and go, Pattaya goes on and on.  There's a reason for this.  Let's start with the food.  My recent meal here was excellent.  It began with fried chicken dumplings dipped in a thickened garlic soy sauce. Def good. Next came the Northern Thai dish called Hung Ley Curry.  This curry consisting of pork, ginger, peanuts, and tamarind went perfectly with the accompanying rice. A spicy chili sauce provided an extra flavor kick.  Fried bananas were a sweet ending to the meal. Service is always good here (they remembered me even though I haven't been there for a while) and the atmosphere is a notch above most Thai restaurants in the Philly area. I especially like the light-filled airy back room which feels like an outdoor space.  Pattaya is just a fine restaurant to eat in.
Pattaya Grill is a University City restaurant which offers Thai and French cuisine. It's spacious, perfect for small-to-large parties. (I want to rent it for a club party!) The music we heard was decidedly weird and decidedly not Thai.

Their dishes are fairly authentic. Ostrich is also on their menu, along with the more "normal" Thai dishes. I tried their alligator which was pretty good! There occasionally was strong ginger and peppery peppercorns in it. It wasn't spicy, though I requested it be that way - I had to add loads of spice to make it spicy. Their pad thai was entertaining and flavorful. (UPDATE: I came back to Pattaya months later and ordered their spicy basil beef which was surprisingly tantalizing.)

Our servers (Suey and T) were friendly but didn't refill our waters. The place was crowded (it was a Friday night) and we were seated in a corner so it might have been hard to notice us.

I ordered a chocolate brownie shot when I got there. Unfortunately, their bar had ran out of a liquor/flavor for the shot and it tasted quite odd. For the sugar-addicts, their desserts are great (purchased from Bindi).

As a bonus, Pattaya offers takeout and catering. Recommended!
File under "totally decent." Is it mind blowing? Not really. Would I eat here again? Absolutely. Pro-tip: the paper take out menu has gluten free items marked, but the  online and laminated dine-in menus do not. I've taken the liberty of typing up the gluten free items here for you folks ordering online:

lemon grass (tom yum) soup
coconut (tom kha) soup
papaya salad
squid salad
red curry
green curry
yellow curry
panang curry
pad thai
thai fried rice
basil fried rice
shrimp and crab meat fried rice
With so many good Ethiopian and Indian restaurants in West Philiadelphia I often tend to overlook the other options. But after scanning Pattaya's Menu I decided to take a break from my usual New Delhi buffet raiding and grab some Drunken Noodles. after all you can't go wrong with anything that offers shrimp, crab, squid, and spices in on sitting!

The decor of the place was full on wood, with little elephant statues and cool paintings towards the back. there was also a fully stocked bar toward the front for all your drinking needs. ultra fast service too! right after we ordered we had are vegetable spring rolls appetizer bought out in no time flat.

Overall this place hooked up a good dining experience. I would definitely recommend trying it for their pad thai specials. But if your a more adventurous eater you might want to give their alligator or venison a try.
Pattaya is okay to not-quite-okay, depending on what you get.  I've ordered delivery a few times.  It's not great food, but sometimes you just need food in the area.  This is a place for when I NEED FOOD, not necessarily for wanting to enjoy a meal.  I've been learning what to avoid. 

The Food (Delivery)

Vegetarian drunken noodles - tasty enough, soft noodles that have sopped up the sauce.  Nice for comfort food.  One of the better dishes I've had from here.

Tofu garlic - it's okay.  Not offensive, not amazing.

Lad Nar with Beef - not good. noodles themselves were okay in terms of texture, but gravy was boring, and beef was tough & hard to eat.  Pretty awful beef, which was barely edible (or inedible if you're less averse to wasting food.) Will NEVER get beef from this place again.

Curries (various) - flavours of the curry (sauce) are usually all right.  There's a curry with bamboo shoots that's nice (because I like bamboo).  The vegetables are not always well integrated in the curry, but if I'm getting food here, I'm hoping for edible.  Vegetarian curries here are definitely okay.

Spicy Bamboo - not bad. I like bamboo. Avoid meat and this should be okay.

If you order any dish here, I recommend that you get it with vegetables/tofu and NOT meat, which will probably be tough and overcooked.  I've tried chicken, pork, beef and shrimp here -- would not really want to get them again.  Usually, I think it's hard to ruin shrimp that badly.  If you simply have to eat some kind of animal flesh here, I would rank chicken/shrimp #1, pork #2, and beef #NEVER.  Really, just go with vegetarian.  Or try a meat I haven't tried and let me know how it goes.  Seriously, it's a good time to eat vegetarian when you're here.  I cannot stress this enough.  Hence the repetition.

Maybe the food's better in the restaurant? This review's just about the delivery food.
2.5 stars for veg dishes.
1 star for meat dishes, I guess?
Back in the college days, Pattaya was my hangover cure. I'd order the mixed vegetable soup and chicken pad thai. Now, something's changed and I'm not sure if it's my taste buds or their chef. Either way, today's hangover cure did nothing to satisfy. So anyway, if anyone out there has a pad thai they swear by, I'm all ears.
Nothing too stellar. I was really excited about being close to a Thai place on campus, but this place really is pretty ordinary. 

The soups are always a bit off. Some solid dishes I've tried are the Pad Kee Mao, Pad Thai, and Pad See Ew. My favorite is definitely the Garlic Tofu; the texture of the garlic is perfectly soft on the inside and slightly crispy on the outside from the frying, and the sauce is light and strong enough to complement but not overwhelm. This is usually the dish I order when I go to Pattaya. 

Overall, I'll go because it's the only place to satisfy my Thai food craving on campus but I don't necessarily recommend it to others.
I probably write this a lot, but THIS is one of my favorite restaurants in University City. The waiters are always attentive and cheerful, and the atmosphere is classy but comfortable, especially in the sun room toward the back of the restaurant. There's a little bar up front, where you have a drink before you're seated or wait for your friends, and the place as a whole stays pretty relaxed, without ever getting too noisy.

The food is traditional Thai fare, with all those wonderful, patently Thai ingredients, like lemongrass and curry. I can't really say a bad word about the pad Thai (America's favorite Thai dish) and the green curry always, always sends me away pleased. But the great thing about the restaurant is its consistency. EVERYTHING, seriously everything, on the menu is pretty damn good.
A decent Thai-ish restaurant near Penn's campus!

Recently, my friends visited Pattaya after they moved to the Locust Street location. Here we ordered the basic noodle dishes: Pad Thai, Drunken Noodles, and Pad See Ew. 

The dishes were great but they weren't 100% reminiscent of Thai food, more so just other noodle dishes. The Pad Thai had more of a soy sauce base- I didn't taste the sweet/sour of the tamarind as much as I would have hoped. The Pad See Ew was decent with a sweeter soy sauce taste. Lastly, the drunken noodles were ok, but again, skimped on the strong veggie and Thai basil flavor (if you don't like spice too much, get the 1/5 spice!- Thai spice doesn't play around). The orange slice topping was interesting and my friend said she liked it over the Pad Thai! 

Overall, it was a good experience but seemed a little underwhelming if you're expecting authentic Thai food. The service was extremely friendly and quick though, so I commend the workers for that! Would come back to branch out and perhaps try their other dishes!
I love Thai food and I had a great meal here.  The Kaprow was great and the Pad Thai (which I usually hate) was awesome.  

The food was delicious and pretty cheap.  While the service was not mind blowing, Pattaya does not pretend to be fine dining.  Come here expecting a good meal at a reasonable rate and you will be content with what they offer.
Am I picky or something? I honestly feel like this is the worst Thai food I've ever eaten. My friend and I got the special menu. He got the veggie soup and I got the wonton soup. Both seriously were lukewarm and tasted like water. Our appetizers of fried tofu and spring roll was alright, but far from the best I've tasted. As for our main course, we got pad thai and green curry. The green curry was very thin and salty. Not flavorful, just salty. The pad thai tasted like ketchup. 

Service was great, but the food was terrible.
sad sad day...i was feeling pretty blegh and needed some soup to help me feel better. since i've enjoyed pattaya for awhile now, i decided to order some delivery. delivery was fast and friendly...so why the one star review this time? well...halfway through my meal, i found a weird one inch plastic nail with some chicken skin attached to it. definitely had to throw out the food and contact grubhub to reimburse me for it. it was an easy transaction but i am still sad about the fact that i've lost my go-to thai restaurant...sad sad sad :(
Pattaya Grill serves pretty good food, but their portions tend to be smaller than Thai Singha's (the place 250 feet away) for the same price. Taste-wise, I think I prefer Thai Singha's drunken noodles and pad thai, but I think Pattaya's curries may be slightly better. What Pattaya does do well is their higher ticket menu items like the Raspberry Duck or the Salmon Red Curry. These are quite tasty. I'm not sure how Thai Singha compares because I rarely eat these more expensive dishes. I normally stick to the noodles or curries--I just want to be full and not pay too much or have to cook...laziness speaking here.

The decor here is nicer than Thai Singha (there is also a portrait of the King here). I like sitting in the back in the room that's full of windows. It feels more airy, lighter, even at night. The place is good for groups or dates because of the multiple sections/levels that the restaurant has. You can be separated from the noise.
i am beginning to think that all the asian restaurants in philly are extremely americanized.  once a year, i meet up with some good friends in philly for lunch or dinner, and this year, they brought me to pattaya.  while the food was good, i wouldn't call it authentically thai.  i would equate eating here to eating at PF Changs (though not as trendy).  while the food at pf changs tastes good, i wouldn't exactly call it chinese food.. chinese-american food maybe??  

anyways, pattaya has a good deal on the early bird special.  for $10.95, you get a soup, an appetizer and an entree.  though it sounds like a lot, it's just about the right size (if you order the egg roll as the appetizer, you only get one piece).

i got the chicken soup (lemon grass, says spicy, but wasn't spicy at all), house salad (the dressing was quite good), and the tilapia with special three layer sauce, which was pretty much eggroll sauce with a little spicy kick to it.

i liked their patio area out back, and the service was good.
I love Thai food, so I come here about once a week, and the pad thai, chicken satay, and spring rolls never get old. I would say most seasoned Pattaya visitors get the pad thai, drunken noodle, or pineapple fried rice. My friends are also obsessed with the sweet and sour sauce that comes with the spring rolls. The Thai cocktails are pretty unique, so it can be fun to try them as well (or Thai iced tea, if you've never had that before). The quality of food is good for its price.

Service is decent, though you need to walk in to the middle of the restaurant to be seated. I think I've had all the waitstaff at Pattaya, and most are friendly enough, but there is an always-smiling waiter who is the best. For the price, I found the atmosphere to be nice with decorations, maps, and light music.

Great, convenient place to eat on campus! Definitely try the lunch (Monday-Friday 11-3) or dinner (Monday-Thursday 5-6:30) special that includes three courses for $8.95 and $10.95, respectively. (Is it obvious that I come here weekly?)

I wish they were open weekend lunches, but I guess they need a break sometimes!
I'm new to university city and I've been on the lookout to find my go to Thai food restaurant. I'm happy to say that I found my spot and I am more than thrilled by their food and prices. I went here for the first time with my friend and we got:

- Pad See Ew w/ chicken/beef/pork ($9.95)
Solid pad see ew! The noodles were perfect and the flavors were on point. One thing that stood out was the portion size. I was pretty full after the meal and I thought the price was amazing for the amount of food. 

- Green Curry w/ chicken/beef/pork ($9.95)
Curry as always was good and perfect consistency, not too watery. Again the portion size was big as well and my friend was very satisfied with his meal.

Also on our plates was orange slice. I know we don't come to Thai food restaurants for their oranges but it was a nice finishing touch that was refreshing after we ate! Overall would recommend this place both dine-in and Togo as the food quality and portions are both very good!
I was wandering around University City before catching a show at World Live Cafe.  I saw this place and decided to stop in as I had not had any pad thai in a good while.  I ordered the vegetable spring rolls and the vegetable pad thai.

The spring rolls were way too greasy.  But the presentation on the plate with a few bites of salad was nice.  Then the pad thai came out.

It was absolutely disgusting.  Again way to much oil.  The vegetables were obviously from a frozen mix (yuk!) and the tofu was way undercooked.  I had two bites and then for the first time in my life I sent a dish back.  I've had much better pad thai in small town Indiana of all places. 

When the waitress asked if I wanted to substitute something else I politely declined.  

I would give it one star, but I did not have to ask to for the pad thai to be taken off the bill.  Their other dishes might be good, but I wouldn't return here even for a free meal.

Update:  51/6/08 I've now changed the rating from two stars to one star.  I would change to zero if I could.  The reason for the change is received a message from the restaurant through Yelp that was impolite to say the least.  While the staff in the restaurant were very courteous, the person in charge of their Yelp account really needs to learn the meaning of tact.
Been coming to Pattaya for years and am a true fan. I think given the price, ambience, food and service - it all lines up in tandem. Nothing about Pattaya is going to completely blow your socks off and show you the best Thai food you've ever had. But that being said, it's a great spot - especially if you are already in the University City area. I always get the Panang Curry and the Coconut vegetable soup. Consistently flavorful and just feels like a home cooked kind of meal. The ambience couples the home feel too. The place is super narrow and long, but it has a home kind of feeling to it that is really nice. No complaints overall with Pattaya, but nothing that really blows me away - so all in all - 4 stars.
Drunken noodle - delicious
Fish cakes - delicious
Vegetarian Drunken noodle - delicious
Panang curry - delicious
Green curry - delicious
Service - So so so crappy.
My boyfriend and I came here for dinner on a weekday night.  There were plenty of customers but I wouldn't have called it crowded necessarily.  In any case, we sat at our table for at least ten minutes before anyone came over with water... food came eventually.. more sitting.. more sitting... dirty plates hanging out on the table.. waiting to be cleared... plates finally cleared.. more sitting..

more sitting... boyfriend asks waiter for check... waiter says sure and then goes off to clear a table... comes back to clean the table with glass spray... leaves again... 

check finally arrives... more sitting.. more sitting...

Finally we gave up on paying by credit card and just left cash in the exact amount of the check.  I can't remember the last time I tipped less than 18% much less didn't tip at all, but wow.  After having the waiter walk past our table at least three times with no apparent reaction to our needing anything, I can't say I feel bad about it.  I've been here for lunch before as well and I don't remember it being that bad.  But if we come back, we're getting take out.
I love yen ta 4 here. They have different kind of food as norther style.  Green curry here is good too. Tyr it .... I love yen ta 4.... lol
The structure of this venue is pretty cool. There's a small seating area as you walk in where the bar is. Then bi-level seating in the middle of the restaurant and finally, a sunny patio seating at the back of the restaurant. 

I stopped by here to get the 3-course lunch special. You get to pick a soup, an appetizer and an entree. All for only $8.99. DEAL!!!  I had the vegetable soup, a spring roll and chicken pad thai. zomg, they were all so good! Veggie soup was oh-so-delish with all my favorite veggies - broccoli, snow-peas, carrots... YUM. Spring roll was kinda meh - I've had better in the past. Pad thai was really good, though. The rice noodles were cooked to perfect. They serve fresh(uncooked=raw) bean sprouts on the side so they are crunchy...nice touch! 

Overall, I enjoyed everything. I'll probably go back. 

Disclaimer: I've seen a collection of spiderweb under a lamp on the wall...gross and intriguing at the same time - how many spiders built this creation? It's like a spider condo. Creepy. So gross because how can the staff not notice this big gunk of spiderweb? If they can't notice that big of a grossness, should I even trust them with my food? Maybe I shouldn't think too much into it...
Cream of mushroom soup! Cream of mushroom soup! Cream of mushroom soup!(it's freshly made and nothing like the stuff in a can) Oh, and Thai Iced Tea.

Those are my favorites, and a staple every time I'm here. That being said, the Phat Thai is not bad, if not a standout. The curry is mild and the decor is elegant. It's no food cart, but the prices are fairly reasonable on a college budget.
Very nice lunch menu. We were seated in the pleasant, well-lighted dining room in back of restaurant. Great deal of natural light, makes for a great dining experience for an informal lunch. Pad Thai was judged very good by deputy Yelper, while I had the vegetarian lunch special. Each lunch special about $10. Not anything hugely fancy, just good, basic Thai cooking, a very satisfying lunch. Servers were very attentive.
Picked up dinner from Pattaya recently while I was in Philly to take my Step 2 CS exam, and while the food was satisfactory, it was far from the best Thai food I've had. 

I ended up ordering the drunken noodles with chicken (+ $1 for fried tofu, level 3 spicy). While the portion was generous for the pricing, the fried tofu was sparse, the food was noticeably oily, and the chicken was dry (not to mention, the food was not very spicy at all). Noodles were nice and chewy though, which I enjoyed. I also appreciated that the food was prepared in a timely manner.

Overall not bad, but definitely not somewhere I'd return to if I'm in Philly again.
Not sure what all the hate is about (ex. my Penn friends saying it's not very good and other reviews say similarly) but Pattaya has never disappointed me. Sure, it's not as good as my favorite thai restaurants (Obao, NY and Bai Tong, CA), but still absolutely delicious.

Things the bf and I get every time:
+pad kee mao - delicious, spicy and very generous serving! 
+basil fried rice - also extremely large portion sizes and doesn't have a burnt taste like some fried rice does. Full of veggies and tofu.
+red curry - my favorite dish. Best when served fresh (so don't get this to go) 

Consistently solid thai food option near campus / for delivery on those lazy nights in.
This place is an Americanized Thai spot so don't expect super authentic flavors. Nonetheless my boyfriend and I order from here a lot because it's convenient. 

I'm part Asian so I'm used to real authentic Thai flavors, but this passes the test for me. The price makes it even more enjoyable for us. We only spend like $32 for two when we eat here. 

You for sure have to know what to order and what to pass on. The curry is delicious. We always usually get that from here. Ask to adjust for spice (it comes moderately spicy). I say that because it's something I learned during my recent dine in experience. The pad see ew is delicious but it tastes like it's kind of missing some spice. I know now for next time to ask them to add some. I didn't like how they don't have sriracha as well. Bf said the dry noodles were useless in the khao soi as it did nothing for the curry noodles taste wise. The satay's are a hit or miss. They can be really good sometimes or sometimes can taste like they've just been warmed up. 

Nothing spectacular about the inside. 

This place is satisfactory but I'm still on the hunt for mindblowing Thai food.
I was really excited to try this place because I had heard that they have large portions for a good place--- plus I generally love Thai food and any place that offers lunch deals. The lunch deals are not a set menu but rather a changing group of 5 entrees, 3 soups, and 3 appetizers that you can use to build your meal. The 3 veg options on the menu were veggie soup in clear broth, fried tofu, and veggie pad Thai, so my ordering choice was easy. (There is a regular menu that you can order from as well.) 

My soup and tofu arrived quickly. The soup was standard, and I liked the slightly tart dipping sauce that was provided with the tofu. Then my entree came. The pad Thai wasn't mixed, which I thought was weird, but hey I can mix it myself. When I did mix I was disappointed. The ingredients (which I could clearly see thanks to the lack of mixing in kitchen) were noodles, duck sauce (yes- duck sauce- not the tamarind which is traditional), very few vegetables, lots of bean sprouts, tofu, cilantro/coriander, and peanuts. You may notice that there is something missing there (which is what makes Thai food great)- spices. There were no spices- no chili flakes, no flavor. 

After the entrees arrived, our waiter disappeared. One other waitress seemed to be stuck taking care of the whole restaurant, and while she tried, one person just wasn't enough. It took 10 minutes to be able to request the check and another 10 to get someone to pick it up and bring change. Thank goodness I have a lunch hour.
Ordered the basil fried rice because I was CRAVING Thai food. It was a decent meal, nothing too extravagant. I ordered level 5 spicy, but even that wasn't enough in my opinion.

The portion size was good and the food came in time. It was a good fried rice meal, just didn't have that special something that I want in fried rice from a Thai restaurant.

I'll probably order again since they deliver to my place and they're better than the other Thai place I tried that also delivered to my place.
I love this place. The curry dishes and the coconut shrimp are great!  Ironically, I was not moved by the pad thai here, so maybe this might be the place to try a new thai dish.  The service is great and very fast.  Also, they are great for catering for large crowds, so if you have an event of 10, 40 or 70 be sure to order from them and you'll have more than enough food.

I will always consider this place when I'm looking for Thai for me or a large group or just for myself.
Pretty good Thai food for Philadelphia. I haven't found any Thai restaurant that is authentic and has wowed me here. At least Pattaya is tasty, priced reasonably, with decent portion sizes. The Pad Thai was a little dry, the drunken noodles was good and spicy, and the red curry was flavorful. If I'm craving Thai, this place will hit the spot in Philadelphia.
If I could give this place 0 stars, I 100% would. Ended up waiting over an hour for our food, which we ultimately cancelled because it seemed like we would never get it - no one bothered to follow up with us about it. Meanwhile, we saw so many groups pick up their take-out orders and several other tables get their food (even though they arrived significantly later than us). This was the first time I ever had to cancel my order at a restaurant, and I'm definitely not coming back here again. Some tips for the owners: take the time to organize and train your staff, start prioritizing your dine-in orders (they are willing to spend the time to sit in at your restaurant and pay tip, and you are first and foremost a RESTAURANT, not a take-out place), and get it together.
Open during COVID-19! Food is delicious just like last time. This time I got the chicken with bamboo shoots and it was delicious with rice. Pad See Ew was also good, a little on the salty side, but I love that sweet soy flavor. Pad Thai is a staple and delicious with shrimp!
the layout of this place is really nice. it's a lot larger than it looks from the outside. we were seated on the upstairs floor because it was later in the night (after 8pm) on a tuesday evening when we arrived because i think they were trying to close off the first floor and keep all the remaining customers together on the top floor.

i was in a party of 4 people, and even though there weren't many people left in the restaurant, it took the waiter forever to bring us water and then come back for our orders. we ended up waiting close to half an hour before we even got our food, and considering it was already after 8pm, this didn't make my starving stomach very happy.

i ordered the pad see ew, which i order at almost every thai restaurant i go to. the one from here didn't amaze me. it was pretty mediocre, which i think makes the steep price a little unwarranted. when i ask for something to be spicy, i expect spicy. and i got maybe mild? at best. i can't speak to the other dishes on the menu, but i was pretty dissatisfied with my meal. there's much better thai food at vientaine off baltimore.. or even at thai singha house across the street.
Pattaya Grill is unfortunately the only Thai restaurant in university city that delivers. It is also terrible. My girlfriend and I ordered simple Thai dishes: house salad, papaya salad, pad seeyu, and spicy squid. All of these dishes were below average, with the exception of the squid which was inedible. It was rubbery and not even cut in peices. The House salad also was about as average as a side salad you would get an italian restaruant. Unless you ABSOLUTELY NEED thai food (delivery), dont order from this place. Go out or pick it up or get something else.
Pattaya Grill is definitely one of my favorite Thai restaurants in the city. Their Pad Thai, Drunken Noodles are delicious, and Especially the Thai Specialties. Great ambience and relaxing music. Service is perfect. My friend from Thailand said that the Thai food here isn't "Thai", but what is? The Chinese food isn't really "Chinese" either.
I'll give this three stars but only because we were unlucky (and five is my version of four-bell rarity).  It looked deserted when we walked in, but we were lead back through the restaurant to the rather full sun-room.  I guess they were short on servers and wanted to keep everything as efficient as possible.  I got the Penang curry.  It was well tasty but there was far too little rice accompanying it.  We got the seafood crepe appetizer as well... the seafood consisted of shrimp and... nope, just shrimp.  And it was overly stuffed with coconut shavings.  I wasn't a fan of the soft-shelled crab either... I thought it looked interesting in theory (spelled out on the menu) but cautioned against it... for good reason, it was a bit fishy to me and lacked the Thai flavors I want from a meal at a Thai restaurant.

I ended up taking half of the Penang curry home and cooked up some of my own rice to finish it off for lunch the next day... so all in all, it's worth a try if you're looking for Thai in Philly, but maybe stick to the standards.
I ordered Chicken Pad Thai to go for dinner and what I got was anything but that.

I should have checked to see if my food was prepared correctly before I left the restaurant, but I didn't feel like I needed to when this Thai place has decent Yelp ratings.

I brought the food to a friend's house to split, and there was no chicken at all, only a few bits of tofu. Also, there was no egg or scallions. There were also assorted vegetables (baby corn, mushrooms, carrot, snow peas, cabbage) in the pad thai, which was totally not authentic and really offputting. I should have called the place to tell them how disappointed i was by this "pad thai," but I had to rush to another event and I was 15 mins away from the place, so it's not like they could do anything about it.

Sorry, I really wanted to like this place but the dish I had was not authentic at all.
My delivery order recently was meh. For the spice levels, it did get pretty spicy, but the flavor of the spice tasted off, like they dumped straight powder into it without regards for the flavor at all. It reminded me that last time I ate here, I had the same complaint. They could try to spice it up naturally instead of whatever they do, as I've never encountered spicy dishes that taste like straight spice with no discernible good flavor. The beef inside of the drunken noodles was pretty dry and old. The little portion they give you is surprisingly a good size for a meal or two, but the quality is just alright. Definitely just trying to make college students some sub-par noodles instead of create a tasty menu with some great flavor and uniqueness. I think there are much better Thai places in the city, so now that I remember that this place is just alright, I will shop around for something that is more authentic!
Pattaya is where it's at for Thai in West Philly.  It's inexpensive and tasty, and they make a mean drunken noodle.  They also have a weekday lunch special, wherein $9 buys you an absolute ton of food.  

As far as dishes go, the Tom Yum soup is a bit of a let-down (the veggies are sliced too big and it lacks the kind of flavor and punch you'd usually expect from Tom Yum), but the other "traditional Thai" dishes are usually worthwhile. The spice level tends to be on the lower side; if you like your dishes on the spicy side (as I do), you may want to ask them to ratchet up the spice.

The atmosphere is pretty casual; I wouldn't bring a date here, but I'd definitely come with a group of friends.  It's surprisingly good for drinks, too. Their lychee martinis are delicious, strong, and irresistable at $6 a pop.  An excellent off-the-beaten-path happy hour spot.
Pattaya is a great place on campus to meet up with friends for a quick bite to eat. It has a typical Thai menu with options like Pad Thai and Fried Rice and a nice atmosphere with some traditional Thai art work and sculptures. Every time I've been to Pattaya I have been pleased by the service. The waiters are quick to attend you and they always seem to have a happy-go-lucky disposition. There is one in particular that always has a smile on his face.

In terms of the food, you get large quantities that justify the price and there are great, three course lunch and dinner specials that are priced with the college students' budget in mind. In terms of flavor, I must be honest and admit the food is a bit bland. I usually order the beef fried rice or the chicken pad thai and although they are enjoyable they are missing a little umpf. The one thing I do highly recommend is ordering some spring rolls as an appetizer. I can taste one just thinking about it. As you bite into them you get this nice crispy outside layer, this paired with their delicious chili sweet and sour sauce make for a flavorful and delightful combination. As a tip, ask for extra chili sweet and sour sauce to enhance whatever you choose for your main dish; the sauce is so good you can eat it by itself. If you're doing strictly appetizers I would also recommend the beef satay although in terms of cucumber sauce, I've had better. I'm a little bit of a sauce connoisseur if you haven't noticed. 

I've gone to Pattaya many times and it continues to be one of my favorite go to places. Oh and make sure to grab a handful of guava candies on your way out. They're in a basket on the bar. They're a delicious, sweet ending to your meal.
My Girlfriend and I went on a Thursday round 5ish. No one there really, which was OK with us. The venue is very nice; the setting could easily cater to the romantic couple or an energetic party of 8. The tables were spacious, and the low music was good.

As for the food, It was OK. Nothing special, but nothing offensive either.
Shrimp Coconut soup was tasty, but I've had better. The vegetable dumplings were, well... vegetable dumplings. The pineapple fried rice with shrimp was good, but I felt like I've had it before somewhere else. The red curry Salmon was good, but not exactly memorable. Lastly, the Garlic tofu was lacking some serious flavor, and the sauce was a bit salty. We didn't have desert, but we had a couple glasses of plum wine, which was pretty good.

I should add that they do have a nice list of specialty dishes such as Venison, Alligator, and 3 types of duck, so this maybe the place if you're looking for something different.

Overall... meh. I'm not rushing to tell folks about it, but I wouldn't discourage anyone from going if they mentioned it. I'd do it again if I was in the neighborhood, or if I had a craving for alligator.  A bit overpriced I'm my opinion, but I guess after you factor in location and ambiance it makes sense. Rent in UC ain't cheap.
First of all, we were here on a Friday, 7 pm, not very many people here. Sometimes a problem with restaurants is that even if it isn't crowded, your food can take *forever* to come out. Not here! Service was lickity split. I got the drunken noodles and they were okay... I'm not sure if it was worth the price. I didn't like how they just put these big ol' basil leaves on top, it would have been better if they were cut up into smaller pieces. I've never eaten squid that wasn't breaded and fried, so seeing it naked and creepily pale was a little weird for me... and it didn't taste that good so I hid it underneath my orange garnish!

I also got the Thai Ice Tea, which I guess is tea with condensed sweetened milk on top? It was too sweet, but made a pleasant orange color when I mixed it all together. My friend and I split the Bomba which was delicious.

One downside, they have a policy of not splitting checks. This makes me angry because I hate doing arithmetic in restaurants.

Also, I want to apologize to the couple sitting next to us if you ever read this. I was telling my friend about Dostoevsky and I guess I got a little too animated because you two stopped talking and kind of stared at me.
Just hearing the word Pattaya makes my mouth water.  I'll eat anything they're serving up.  Been here many, many times and never disappointed.  My favorite spot is the sun room in the back with a gigantic tree, but the regular room is fine, too.  Chill atmosphere & good times.
Pattaya is my go to Thai food spot in West Philly. I always order take it - I've yet to dine in. Tonight, I would've given them a 5 but my Pad See Yu wasn't how I love it. Instead of calling me and letting me know they were out of the flat noodles, they just told me after using another and writing me a small message on the lid. Overall, great taste - but communicate because I want what I want :)
Unimpressive, but not a total disaster.  We started with some coconut soup and beef satay.   The soup was the best item of the night and strongly recommend it.  Full of coconut with generous amounts of chicken.  The satay on the other hand was rather weak.  I decided on the Kaw Soi with beef while JJ had the Chicken Red Curry.  I Kaw Soi was solid, but the red curry was much hotter than we could have imagined.  I've had spicy, but it was at another level.  We ended up taking it to go and "cooling it off" at home.  We tried washing it down with a Thai Ice Tea, but it was pretty watered down.  

Overall, I'm not sure I'll be back to Pattaya, but if I do return, I'll aim to order their less spicy offerings.
I returned to Pataya with a coworker last week, and it was like eating in a different restaurant! I ordered red curry veggies and tofu. The meal was flavorful and served fresh and piping hot. Our waitress was attentive but not clingy. My coworker's salad and lemongrass soup were good, as was her fish dish. Maybe they were having an off day on my first visit?

I will be back to take advantage of their 3-course lunch for $10-15.
Always great! Food is always warm upon delivery and portions are good. Delivery has always been lightening fast! They've also never messed up an order and I've ordered for years, that goes a long way for me.
Came here w/ friend for lunch. Ordered 2 lunch specials(soup, appetizer, entree from list), and a Three Buddies (shrimp, scallop, calamari in roasted chili paste) from specialty Thai menu

Lunch Special
Soup: Lemon grass chicken (chicken tastes a bit cardboard-y), wonton soup was decent

Appetizer: Chicken dumpling (not bad, a bit doughy), Pork egg roll (crispy, well seasoned)

Entree: chicken pad thai (a bit too sweet, otherwise pretty decent) 

Three buddies: Disappointed by the lack of seafood; also seafood didn't seem fresh (scallop was crumbly, shrimp seemed tough) and the sauce didn't really seep into the seafood. 

the service was good and the restaurant quiet during lunch which was a plus
I've grabbed take out from here several times over this past year. Though they are a bit pricier than other Thai places I've gone to in Philly, their portions are generous and the quality of the food is superb. Some of the things I've tried: 

Chicken pad Thai- at a 3/5 spicy rating scale it's got huge chunks of chicken and leaves my mouth watering. Scrumptious 

Pork dumplings- thin dough stuffed with savory meat filling. The brownish sauce is quite unique, unlike others I've tried. Savory. 

Chicken satay- a long grilled meat on a stick with a creamy peanut sauce provided for dipping. Delicious.
I want to tell you about Pattaya Grill.  We eat there 2 or 3 times a month. We both get Their three course early bird special menu ($9.95) that is enough to have some for lunch the next day.

 Most importantly the quality is excellent. Their vegetable lemon grass soup as well as their cream of mushroom are two of my favorites. Their Pad Thai and different curry dishes are all worth the trip.

The service is polite and respectful, always checking the water and our satisfaction.
Lastly but not at all least, is the noise level. It is low. And I think it is because the music is the best restaurant music in the city. It is modern, interesting and calming.

Pattaya Grill is one of my Favorite. Try it!!
I stopped in Pattaya Grill today for lunch before making my way to work. I was in a hurry and was hoping to get a quick bite to eat. I went with the 3 course lunch special for 8.95. The special comes with soup, side, and an entree. There were a few different choices for both the soup and side, and a decent lunch menu for the entree. I went with wonton soup, dumplings, and chicken panang curry. The soup and dumplings came out pretty quickly and were quite delicious. It was just the right amount of food to hold me over until the curry came out. The dumplings also came with this tasty sauce that was way better than the typical soy sauce. Then came the panang curry. The curry itself was great. It had a fresh, warm taste to it. It was spicy, but not ridiculously spicy. The one problem I had was that the chicken tasted a little bland, which was odd considering it's in the curry. 

The service was great. My waitress was very nice and they got me in and out in about 30 minutes. 

Overall I would give this place 3 stars but a Ratatat song came on mid-meal and that definitely bumps it up to 4 (I'm on a little Ratatat kick right now).
This is my favorite Thai restaurant in Philly. No one makes better pad thai than Pattaya Grill. Their Thai iced tea is also delicious. I also love their Drunken Noodle and curries. The lunch special and early bird dinner deals are great, but I usually like ordering the regular portion, so I can have leftovers.
A Thai restaurant that doesn't have fresh chillies? Grounds for abstention.
This was the worst Pad See Ew I've had, perhaps ever. It was incredibly, incredibly salty, the fried tofu was fried to death, and, gasp!! is was MISSING a core ingredient: Egg. They also put in all kinds of vegetables that don't belong in this dish. If you are looking for good, authentic Thai food around here, this is not the place. There is a place near 48th and Baltimore that is a world away from this one, so don't discount University City food as a whole, but avoid this one.
I glad that Pattaya Grill changed my mind about Thai food.... 

First time I came we sat in the back which resembles a green house and it was very nice to sit back there and have great conservation

I had a Thai glazed salmon which was delicious...!!! 

My second visit I got the special where you get 3 courses and I tried the spicy soup which was excellent. I was skeptical at first but I loved it,...

I am becoming a regular at Pattaya Grill!!! The wait staff is very pleasant no matter who my waiter is....

Whenever I need THAI in philadelphia I will always come here..
Drunken noodles pack some heat! Very tasty, even after delivery.
Pad Thai was average at best.
Still a good option for Thai in the area! 
Quick delivery too.
Pretty good food for the price.  Great for nights when you don't want to go home and cook, and still have some leftovers for the next day!  I've tried the Veggie Drunken Noodle, Panang Curry, and Pad Thai.  The food can be a little sweet sometimes but still good.  The waiters are always friendly.  Also--Thai Tea is delicious and probably one of the better ones I've had here.  Overall, reasonable price for good portions.
Came for lunch. I am severely disappointed.

We had to wait to be greeted in order to be properly seated. Understandable that it can be busy, but you can't leave people hanging out wondering where to eat.Their lunch menu pricing is great, but not many options on it. Then on top of that, it took a while for basic appetizers to come out. It seemed that there was only 2 waiters for about 15 tables easily. Our soups were lukewarm at best, and were tasty enough considering their temperature. My wonton soup had a random shrimp in it that I wasn't expecting but gave the soup a nice aesthetic touch. 

I was depressed by the entree. Literally, I lost my appetite after eating the first bite. I ordered the pork spicy basil fried rice. It was sweet rather than spicy. There weren't many pieces of meat, but they were good pork cuts.

My father ordered the chicken pad thai, which he found incredibly sweet. We had to ask for crushed pepper multiple times before the waiter remembered. My uncle's red beef curry was the best dish of all. The spiciness was perfect, and it didn't overwhelm the coconut flavors. I would order that off the lunch menu.

I've had some wonderful thai food in my life, and this was such a pale comparison to those meals. Maybe the lunch menu doesn't offer a sampling of their best efforts.
While Thai Singha is temporarily closed for dine-in, Pattaya is the premier place on Penn's camput for sit-down Thai food. Unfortunately their food does not live up to the same quality.

When dining in, my friends and I were first placed at a table in the front f the restaurant. The table suffered from a rapidly flickering light -- caused by a fan directly below the ceiling light -- making it extremely uncomfortable. To Pattaya's credit, we were able to switch to a different table after bringing up our issue with the waiter.

However the prime reason for my unfavorable review is the disppointing food. I ordered the Spicy Vegetable durnken noodles and while the portions were large, the noodles were extremely bland.

The reviews on Yelp seem to indicate that the Pad Thai is much better. While waiting for Thai Singha (which I recall as having far superior food) to reopen, I plan to try the Pad Thai next time and will adjust my rating accordingly.
Loved the food here. The pork spring roll is amazing. Also from the desserts try the Thai Coconut Pudding. It's a must! Will be back
My husband and I love this place. It's a simple, casual restaurant in University City. They have delicious thai food that is very authentic. It's a great place when you're craving big, bold flavors and a casual, cheap dinner.
Pattaya occupies a special place in my heart because they provide what I need when I need it. Whether it's their sweet and tasty pink lemonade, savory pad Thai, or mouthwatering vegetable dumplings, I am always satiated when I leave this place, and a satiated Ayana is a happy Ayana. I deducted a star because their servers aren't always that nice. It's not like they're evil or anything they all just aren't that warm.


I've been here on about 6-7 occasions over the last 2-3 years with 3-4 different people and they've had similar experiences. My sister and boyfriend have both had the lamb chops and both have thoroughly enjoyed their tender juiciness. Poor little guy :-(. 

The restaurant itself is nice. I'm not a huge fan of the back area because it seems cramped each time I eat back there. I then start to think that the next table is listening to my conversation (I'm pretty sure that's more of an issue for a psychiatrist and not Pattaya though). 

I deducted a star because their servers aren't always that nice. It's not like they're evil they all just aren't that warm.

I say try it. I love it.
Honestly I love Pattaya.  I usually get the pad Thai which is amazing.  The yellow curry was good too but it doesn't have as bold of a flavor as Indian curry.  Their spring rolls (and the sauce) is delicious!  

One time, I ordered the peanut sauce (to meet delivery order minimum) and I cooked chicken and vegetables with it - it was really good!!  Be creative :)
I love to try new desserts. This passion is what led me to the Pattaya Grill. When I first visited, I tried the Drunken Noodle and loved it. Because of this, I wanted to come back and try their Bomba, a white chocolate coated sherbert. 

When I came back, my friend got the Bomba and I tried the coconut pudding which, from its description, looked to be delicious. Boy was I wrong. That pudding was horrible, very bland and weird consistency. The Bomba, which I tasted, was excellent though. 

On my third visit, I ordered food, including the fried tofu with plum sauce. Once again, this was disgusting and flavorless. The tofu was not seasoned at all, neither was the coating it was fried in. The plum sauce was also very bland and not flavorful enough to make the tofu taste good. 

All in all, I've had two amazing dishes (Drunken Noodle and the Bomba) and two misses (Fried Tofu with Plum Sauce and the Coconut Pudding).
Definitely good if in the area. Peanut sauce is bomb and all their dishes are pretty decent.
I went to Pattaya with a group of 12 people for my husband's birthday.  The staff was very accomodating.  The food did not take long, despite the large group.  Everyone enjoyed their meal.  I had the shrimp pad thai, and my husband had the pineapple vegetable fried rice and we loved it!  I had Thai Iced Tea for the first time, and I looooved it so much I raved about it the next day!  The only downside is that I think they close at 9:30, which is really early for university city!
Solid on the old standbys: green curry and pad see ew.  Didn't really like the tofu in the curry (I've had better) but the curry itself was yummy.  Low prices based on how fancy the decor is, so don't be afraid to go!
Service is good. Restaurant is clean. But the food is just so so. Tom yum soup tastes watery and isn't spicy at all. Drunken noodles don't taste like what it should be; Beef is too dry. 

I don't know if it is Philadelphian-Thai or it's just that I haven't found an authentic Thai restaurant in this city. The drunken noodles just taste very different than what I have had in other cities!
Pattaya is more than worth the minor hike from Penn for the lunch special! It's one of the best places in the area to take guests who come to speak at our department -- Pattaya can easily accommodate a large group for a late lunch, and they're affordable enough for our student wallets. $9 for three dishes -- it's hard to do better than that. 

Granted, the food is not spectacular, but it is pretty darn good Thai food close to campus with all the regular things I need as a voracious vegetarian green curry consumer -- spiciness (when I remember to ask for it), coconutiness, etc., and their veggie spring rolls, though a bit on the greasy side, are delicious. 

They don't even try to remember who ordered what, and tend to call out our orders on arrival at the table like auctioneers. We do usually have 8-10 people though, and they are always very patient with us, even when we squeak in half an hour before the kitchen closes.
I agree with other reviews which point out the Pattaya Grill does not pretend to be fine dining. Nonetheless, I've eaten there about 4 times and the food has never disappointed. The portions are sizeable without being overwhelming. I always enjoy the soups whether I order Tom Yum or a coconut soup. Also, their mixed drinks are delicious and strong. My favorite is definitely the Pink Ginger Lemonade which is made with ginger vodka made on premises. Really yummy. 

After eating there last night, the only thing I have to say about the service is that we ordered drinks, appetizers and a main course and the drinks didn't come until after the main course came. Very annoying. Aside from this, the service was so non-existent that I have nothing more to say.

We tip at 20% almost everytime we eat out, but since there was hardly any service last night, there was hardly any tip.
I would give this place 5 stars, but the portions are too small for me. I've got a big appetite and a small bank account, so when I throw down for some Thai, I want to indulge. Unfortunately, I always have to order two entrees at this place. And I eat half my wife's portion. So, do the math.

The good thing, though, is the food is amazing. We usually get Pad Thai, Green Curry, and Spicy Basil Duck or something. It's an amazing treat. My only complaint is the price ought to get us some more food. 

3.5/5--I'll round up to 4 stars since I crave the food so much.
2.5 stars.

I came in here since I have been jonesing for Thai food for a while. The place was packed in front and in the back, so I ended up sitting at the bar. 

I ordered the vegetarian lemon grass soup and thai red curry for my entree. The soup came out pretty fast. It was chock full of fresh vegetables including some nice mushrooms with their caps still on. It was hot and pretty tasty, though the broth looked somewhat odd/dirty. Maybe its just the way they make the stock.

My thai red curry came out fairly rapidly. The curry sauce had some degree of heat and tasted of coconut and other spices. The peppers were bright and crisp, but the bamboo shoots weren't that great. The chicken however was dry and subsequently pretty chewy.

Service was good. My water glass was never empty  more than a minute or two before someone came over and filled it up. The bartender reminded me that I should save my spoon after the soup for the main meal. And the check came fairly rapidly and was processed rapidly(Though don't get me wrong, they said "Hey you can stay as long as you want and settle up when you are ready". So it wasn't like I was getting pushed out the door).

I might come back and try a different dish. Maybe for lunch when its a tad cheaper.
What I like about the place isn't its food but more so the rather speedy service; whether you're looking for a quick lunch or trying to eat some decent food but are in a hurry for something right after, this place can accommodate. 

FOOD: 3/5
Typical Thai food menu. Prices are a bit steep but the food is fairly decent. Pad thai isn't the best here - to me it's a bit bland and I always ask for extra spring roll sauce to make it more flavorful. Their lunch combo is a good deal though - you get a nice appetizer before the actual entree so that should be plenty. I would recommend to stay away from the seafood and "alligator" here (not sure if it's actually alligator but it was way too difficult to chew). If you want decent seafood, Distrito and Pod offer some good (but pricey) choices nearby. For a cheaper menu, Thai Singha is half a block down Chestnut but the atmosphere is going to be a tradeoff.

SERVICE: 5/5
Speedy, but you have to ask. Let your waiter know you're in a rush and it'll usually be accommodated. Otherwise pretty standard. They'll greet you and seat you. 

AMBIANCE: 4/5
Typical Thai restaurant with a tropical theme. I always ask to be seated in the back section of the restaurant because it has natural lighting (it's an added room that was probably once the backyard of the house). 

Don't forget to grab some guava candy on your way out! They're my favorite :D
For authentic Thai food, large portions, reasonable prices, and attentive service, come here.  I ordered the lemon grass soup with veggies and the Pattaya salad.  The broth was very flavorful and had some mild heat.  The vegetables surprisingly retained some crispness. The salad was decent.  The sweet coconut fried shrimp were addictive.  I knocked off a star because I had some crab shells in my salad and the lime-mayo dressing was a bit too acidic for my taste.
One of two Thai choices in University City.  The pork was not fresh, I'm not sure how old it was, but you could taste the oldness of the pork.  (I got the Pork Pineapple Fried Rice, do avoid)

The pricing is about average for Thai in U-City, the bar wasn't open during dinner.  The menus had singe marks all over them, the decor wasn't bad, the back room was quite nice, but the food wasn't worth it for me.  My friends had some pad thai and curry which was on the margin better.

Service wasn't great, but it also wasn't terrible.  Mediocre would be a good way of putting it, they refilled most water glasses, but didn't fill two or three, shame.
Got delivery and tried the Chicken Pad See Ew and vegetable dumplings. The noodles had great flavor but as you can see from the photo, there is hardly any broccoli in sight; maybe they forgot to add it?
The vegetable dumplings were average, I thought the veggies inside looked kind of sad and grey which is a little off putting. Boyfriend enjoyed the chicken Drunken Noodle--I think that's what they are best at!
Got pick up for lunch during the work week. Coconut seafood soup. Was very delicious and fresh. Very friendly staff, clean establishment. I'll definitely be back for dinner.
I've been looking for a great Thai place and I believe I just found It. I went Friday night and came back Saturday for lunch! This place has a great BBQ thai Chicken with a side of sweet and sour sauce! the chicken is succulent and seasoned perfectly. Also their Red Curry chicken is delicious and it has an unexpected kick once it has sat on your tongue for a second. 

They definitely have made me become a regular. I plan on trying so much more on the menu! this place seems small when you walk in but it definitely isn't. As they take you to your table there is a garden room in the back that must have an extra 20 tables. They service is also very fast and the staff are very polite. Make sure you check this place out!!
The best part of my meal was the one orange slice that came with my entree. And he Thai iced tea wasn't bad. It's unfortunate I have to give it 2 stars because the place has a nice ambiance and the servers are really nice. The food was just disappointing.

The calamari appetizer consisted of few and very thin, dried up fried calamari atop some lettuce and a side of chili sauce. Probably the most disappointing calamari appetizer I've had at a Thai restaurant. The Thai chili wings had a nice crisp, but it was not worth $2 per wing. 

For my entree, I got the drunken noodles. Too much sauce. The beef was dry and hard to chew. I didn't even finish it. I heard a girl who came in a little later ask for lighter sauce on her drunken noodles. I wish I knew to do that. Bf got the roasted duck dish, and it was sadly soggy. The dish would've been better with crispy skin (especially at $16 for half a duck). Eh. They probably cater to mostly college students in the area.
They serve the best Tai Ice tea in Philadelphia.

The Lemon Grass soup is also good. But my favor is Late Night Noodle. 

Their portion is pretty big. So normally one order is good enough for two girls.
I ordered the vegetable soup, golden triangles, and Hung Lay curry. Everything was delicious. 

Vegetables in soup were fresh and broth not too salty, golden triangles weren't overly fried and the plum sauce was awesome (mild, sweet vinegar w/peanuts, not thick), and the Hung Lay curry was the best I've ever had. Pork, peanuts, fresh ginger and tamarind. Thank you! :)
Horrid dinner! Tofu was NOT fresh and tasted so terrible! The vegetables were not that clean too. The two meals we ordered were so salty!! 3 slices of lemon didn't even help. We are never going to come back and eat here again!! I will grade this restaurant as F!  The worst thai place in both NY and Philly! I don't recommend this restaurant!
There were 2 girls who jumped out of their chairs after seeing a bug on their table! What a horrible experience !
Delicious Thai Food, but service not so great. I waited 10 minutes for a waiter to take my order.
Imagine the most average tasting Thai food you have ever had. That's Pattaya. Everything I had there was decent, but not great. I'll give it to them that the lunch menu was pretty filling for a decent price, but really not worth returning to. I guess the search for good Thai food in philly continues...
Solid college campus Thai food w/anything you'd want from a Thai restaurant (curries, noodles, soups, desserts, etc). It's been a while since I've been back to Pattaya, but it's about the same as when I came four years back. 

I ordered the veggie tom yum soup and a red curry with tofu and veggies. Both were pretty good, but nothing exceptional. The tofu in the curry had a less than ideal texture: sort of chewy and hard. But portions were fair and everything is pretty cheap, so college students rejoice!
This is your generic Americanized Thai food. It's not bad, but it's not out of this world either. The decor here is definitely better than Thai Singha across the street. There's a garden area in the back with like a sun roof, so it lets in a lot of light, which is really unique. 

Food is average priced--maybe a little bit expensive for a college student's budget for dinner. Lunch is reasonable, because they have specials. An appetizer, soup and entree will run you $8.95. I think the drunken noodles here are decent (and there's a lot of seafood in it for only $11), but the pad thai is not that great. I would only come here if Thai Singha has a wait, which it rarely does.
Ordered delivery from them several times. Food is fine, and the delivery was very quick, so was ordering regularly for awhile. However, the last 3 or 4 times, they have forgotten to put Tofu in my TOFU pad see ew! I even started adding a note to the delivery instructions that I want TOFU in my TOFU pad see ew. Today , they left it out AGAIN! Officially lost my business . There are other Thai places nearby that I am looking forward to trying. I don't reccomend ordering from here unless you want your order to be messed up.
Always really good. They can do anything without fish sauce, so it's great for vegans. It's really cheap too! I always get red curry with tofu.
I've had the vegetable drunken noodle several times, and I've been told varying things about its ingredients. I was initially told it's vegan as-is. The first few times I ordered it, it was great.

On two more recent occasions when I've ordered the dish, it's strongly smelled of fish even after I specified for it to be made vegan / without fish sauce. The second time this happened I called to confirm that they prepared it vegan, and I was told that they use a separate vegetarian sauce for the vegetable drunken noodle, but I wonder how veg-friendly it is when it strongly smells of fish sauce. 

In all fairness, maybe they use a convincing mushroom sauce or some other thing that just really smells like fish sauce. I could be mistaken. But it's frustrating that I've never been able to get a clear answer regarding the ingredients that they use. Regardless, as a vegan person, I don't want my food to smell like fish.
I order delivery from Pattaya all the time and sit-down to eat at the restaurant about once every month and a half. 

I love Thai food. I am pretty much always get the Chicken Drunken Noodles at Pattaya, which are extremely tasty and very filling. Pattaya's curries and pad thai are also really good. Pattaya has a good lunch special for $10 where you get an entree and appetizer.

Pattaya's service is great. A large reason that I order delivery from Pattaya so often is that the food comes super quickly. The staff is also friendly and nice.

Overall, I definitely recommend Pattaya. Don't come all the way to University City just for Pattaya, but if you are in the area, it is a great choice for lunch or dinner!
Alas, maybe I've been too harsh in the past. The food is not mind blowing. But this is standard, mediocre Thai food. Sure, it's A-OK. The drunken noodle is probably the best thing I've had at Pattaya.

The curry still sucks, though. Really, really bad.
Place is great ! Ann our server was amazing! Kept the Thai tea coming, and the drunken noodles are the best in the city. I approve of this place as an amazing date night.
Pad Thai's not terrible. As for the curries, I could do without the zucchini and instead have some more rice on the plate.
I like this place for the ambiance and food. I went here with a friend today for the second time and we sat in the sunlit room. We loved the food both times, but today, the A/C was up way too high. It was prolly 62-63, way colder than it needed to be.

I had the vegetable Tom Kha and it was beautifully plated (bowled?) and AMAZING! Thanks to another Yelper who turned me onto this soup. 

We shared the veggie spring rolls. I didn't love these; they were "okay". They had tofu in them, which I found unnecessary. Also, they were too crispy, which meant that they fell apart as you tried to eat them.

I also had the green curry with veggies. The curry is wonderful, but they brought me chicken the first time and I sent it back. About ten minutes later, I had a fresh bowl, but it was tofu instead of straight veggies (which I asked for). At this point, I ate it anyway and just ate around the tofu (which I don't love). 

Our service was decent, but could have been better. We hadn't decided the first time the girl came around, and she didn't come back for another 15 minutes. We tried to flag her down earlier, but she wasn't in the dining room at all. This wasn't a huge deal to me since I could talk to my friend, but it would have been really annoying if I'd been in a hurry or alone.

You can't beat their prices - great value!
Excellent lunchtime meal of drunken noodles at a great price.  And they serve alcohol!  Highly recommend.
We ordered this delivery service for my CS exam in Philadelphia. The food came pretty fast and was pretty steamy still when it arrived! I ordered their signature beef dish and a chicken green curry, which were both pretty good. They gave us good amount of proportions as well!
The service here is horribly inattentive. The servers don't bother coming to your table to check up on you or even remotely follow up with your order. I would not recommend sitting in the restaurant to eat - as my party waited significantly longer than those who were seated after us as well as those who were taking out food. We weren't significantly hungry when we arrived, but we sure left with empty stomachs - as we decided not to wait for an order that seemed like it was never going to be served.
