If you love oyster stew like I do, then you know that finding a place that serves oyster stew is a reason for getting excited. If you find the oyster stew to be delicious, then you have reason to celebrate. 

Pearl Oyster Bar is a renowned name in NYC for an award winning restaurant. There is also a Pearl's Oyster Bar in Oakland, Ca. and in Oklahoma City that is outstanding, according to reviews and awards  they have won. Do not confuse this Pearl's Oyster Bar to any of the outstanding well known and loved restaurants sharing the same name. 

If you are going to use a particular food in your name, then to succeed you had better get it right.  The oyster stew comes in one size, which was shy of a pint and cost me over nine dollars with tax.

The broth was thin, watery, no oyster liquor kick, a film of butter swam to the top ( the only plus ), void of any seasoning whatsoever. I mean piss on those packets of salt and pepper, I need shakers of the stuff.  The clincher was the five, large whole oysters, that were so tough and chewy, I just wanted to spit them back out.

Pearl's Oyster Bar has one of the larger counters with plenty of seating inside the Reading Terminal Market.  Bowls full of very stale oyster crackers adorn the counter.  

They proudly display a tempting menu which also includes NE clam chowder, snapper soup and a lobster bisque with crab.  

They are part of the Terminal's seven dollar meal plan, where here you can have a cup of soup, a sandwich and a medium drink.  When I went, it was clam chowder, a fried cod roll with fries and the drink.

In addition, they serve broiled or fried fish, shrimp, raw oysters, fried clams and more.

I am not saying I will not give them another chance, but I know for sure, I will not be having the oyster stew.
Oh god. For some reason I was so excited to come here because I hadn't yet found an oyster place in Philly. Maybe I was way too excited, but the oysters were BLEH. It didn't taste like anything, even with the lemon! 

I tried to redeem the place by getting the mixed seafood platter, but even that was pretty flavorless. Fries were dry. 

The one redeeming quality of Pearl's though, was our server. She was suuuper sweet and even took the time to recommend stuff to me. Unfortunately, the food just didn't measure up.
The only reason I didn't give this place 1 star is that its in the very beautiful Reading Terminal Market and if you wanted to get something they couldn't possibly screw up like grilled cheese or something I'm sure it would be just fine. 

I'm basically writing this review for a non-yelper friend I was with who ate here. She's from Boston and loves a good Oyster now and again and wanted a few. Well she should have been tipped off when she asked the waitress where they get their oysters and she had no idea. I was certainly tipped off when the waitress told us she had never had oysters and the only time she had one was when she was shooting it into her throat with a beer. My friend still pushed on and got the oysters anyway. Well they were bland and tasteless and were inconveniently and obnoxiously large. She couldn't even push herself to finish the plate of the grossest oysters she had ever had. 

I won't eat oysters but if a place that calls themselves an Oyster bar is this bad at what they're named for I wouldn't trust them or respect them enough to give them my business with anything else.
Did you ever wait until the last minute to work on a school project despite having weeks to finish? Be it a descriptive poster board of Thurgood Marshall, a diorama of Indians and Pilgrims having Thanksgiving dinner, or a diorama of Americans slaughtering said Indians and chasing them down the Trail of Tears, if you were like me you probably threw together the basic elements and hoped it formed a passable narrative. This, I can only think, was Pearl's approach to seafood.

While deep frying is the greatest thing since deep fried sliced bread, breading seafood and tossing it in boiling oil doesn't replace the need to craft some semblance of a recipe. Pearl's doesn't grasp this and the food is overwhelmed in plainness.

The french fries are a middle school cafeteria experience, missing only the awkward hair cut, braces, and hope to dear god you don't see the girl who opted for a resounding, Sharpie-penned "no" to your do-you-like-me, circle-yes-or-no note. But even this is considerably less embarrassing compared to the coleslaw. Lost in a sea of watery-buttermilk, the cabbage creation from hell was an unrelenting, vinegary swampthing. 

The fried oysters were adequately cooked and the shrimp was what you would expect, but, not to beat a dead carp, tasted like nothing. 

Deep fryers are not Gob's magical Aztec Tomb (Arrested Development fans, are you still out there?), it's not going to come out the other side bursting with a unique, or hell, mildly interesting taste, it'll still be the same basic thing. Opening a restaurant means you have a strong sense of how you think food should taste. This is Pearl's portrait of seafood, and they don't even get around to penning its signature.

Overall, a big disappointment in prime Reading real estate. Avoid, avoid, avoid.
Sampler platter with 4 raw clams, 4 raw oysters, raw scallops, and steamed shrimp was pretty good! I've never had raw scallops before and they were so velvety and delicious. I learned that I'm not a fan of raw clams (very hard/tough/chewy) but all the seafood was very fresh and tasty.
5 stars for location, great service, value, fast and friendly server, and amazing food!

After walking the whole entire Reading Terminal Market, I finally found Pearl's. I was searching for eggs Benny. Pearls is a diner style oyster bar serving brunch and of course, Benny's. Despite the 3.5 rating, I gave in to the feign and ordered me a crabcake Benny. 

Crabcake Benny - served atop toasted baguette, home style potatoes on the side. WOWserrrrs!  Best Benny I've ever had in my life! Poached eggs and lumped crabcakes mouthwatering and cooked to perfection without the fishy smell or taste. I've died and gone to crab heaven. 

Next time, I will get the chicken and waffle Benny because that looked amazing too.
Wish I could give this place zero or negative stars. Oysters were so-so. Service was horrible. After waiting for like 5 min to be acknowledged  I had to change the order and make it "to go". The blond girl gave a dirty look and rolled her eyes at me. Seriously?? All you needed to do was just toss the puny shells into a container...  Nasty wait staff even for Philly standards. DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME AND MONEY BY EATING HERE.
Their breakfast and lunch menu are both amazing and make it hard to decide what to eat!

The fish tacos are easily in my top 5 ever!

Seafood mac and cheese=AMAZING! 

Flounder po'boy- HECK YES!!! 

You cannot go wrong with anything that you order here. It's delicious and a great spot if you're around the Reading Terminal Market. You will not regret anything!
I didn't find a Pearl, because I didn't have an Oyster.
That's correct! The Pearl's Oyster Bar doesn't only serve oysters. Breakfast was calling, and I woke up starving. Naturally I went straight to Reading Terminal Market for another great meal.

I ordered the classic breakfast. Three eggs over hard, turkey bacon, whole wheat toast and home fries what's not to like? Simple but massive, and your morning will not be the same.

Side Notes:
- Always packed.
- Fresh and scratch-made seafood dishes.
- S'more french toast (daily specials) . Now this is something I'll go back to try. 
- Breakfast is served ALL-DAY on weekends.

Three and three quarters Yelps.
Great service, fresh oysters! It does get busy so you may have to wait for a spot on the counter. They do have other items to order besides oysters, but we only ordered fresh oysters!
I want to tell you something. It is something that I hope will impress upon you the severity of the food situation at Pearl's Oyster Bar.

If my own dear mother had served to me the same sulky slab of tough, bland, farm-raised salmon, or the mushy, limp salt-bombs that passed for green beans (more accurately, gray-green beans)... I would have sent it all back.

As it happened, time and social constraints dictated that I choke down enough of this "food" to calm my hunger pangs until I could get something else decent to eat.

How can a seafood restaurant, right there in the Reading Market, sharing a roof with some of the finest seafood purveyors in the city, be content to serve such subpar product? In the middle of salmon season, no less?! I wonder what they then do to this third-rate salmon to make it, bizarrely, even more dry in the center than it is in its Sahara-like edges.

How long are the green beans cooked? One hour? Two? Five?

I may never get the answers to these questions, but I know this: the meal I was served at Pearl's was an embarrassment  and an insult to the Reading Market and to what this city has to offer.

P.S. Happily, my mother has way too much self-respect to ever serve a meal even close to this college cafeteria abomination.
Pearl's Oyster Bar is a mainstay on the western wall of the Reading Terminal Market. This is a very popular place and serves breakfast and lunch all day.  While there are several things to recommend here, let me highlight the Fried Oyster Sliders which are so tasty.  They are served on a brioche bun with a nice cabbage pepper slaw. I could easily eat ten of them but you only get three per order.  For an extra two dollars you can have the sweet potato fires with cinnamon & sea salt.  Order these as well. And if you do, I think you will def be satisfied that you stopped by Pearl's for a bite to eat!
How do you rate a single star? Your food is mediocre and da service da suck. Not to mention when the management can't muzzle the pitbull wait staff whose primary noun in every sentence was motherf***r whether it was a patron or passer-by, it is a wonder this place is still in business. Especially considering the open air market that is Reading Terminal Market.
Who gets oysters in the morning? I do! Oysters here were amazing. I also tried their Scrapple, which was pretty good. Carlos' breakfast skillet looked great and tasted even better! Staff here was polite. This was a great way to start my morning!
Freshest Seafood in town! My fiance and I went to Pearl's Oyster Bar to try out their new brunch menu this weekend and we absolutely fell in love and found our new favorite brunch spot in the city. I ordered the Breakfast Po'Boy, never even heard of a breakfast version of a Po'Boy until Pearls Oyster Bar and I was not disappointed. The cajun shrimp was cooked to perfection and the combination with the fresh bread and eggs and cheese was amazing! To wash that down I ordered the Lobster Bisque, which actually had fresh and generous portions of real lobster! Although brunch, my fiance had to order the calamari cobb salad as it had her two favorite ingredients, fried calamari and bacon! The presentation of the salad was top notch which was only outdone by the amazing freshness and quality of the salad. Highly recommend this place, you have to try out their new menu! I am going back next weekend to try their new bacon, banana french toast!
Decent clam chowder and fish tacos in Reading Terminal Market.  There was a space for customers to dine in, and our waitress was super friendly.
Hey ya'll I'll be honest--- I work here! And if you read these reviews and are worried about service, rest assured that those peeps are no longer employed here. The food is slammin, zagat just rated our oyster sliders the #4 sandwich in the entire market, and you will always love our Benedicts, the daily brunch specials, and everything from bacon banana French toast to housemade salmon burgers with sriracha and wasabi aioli.

Always ask if we have lobster bisque on deck, it's not on the menu, but of all of our homemade soups that is my personal fave :) or the snapper TURTLE w sherry!

This place has seen a lot of changes in the past year, and it's DEFINITELY worth a try. Most awesomely casual, best people watching, and delicious seafood/brunch joint in town
I had some pretty high expectations for this place but boy was I disappointed!!! After a long afternoon of walking around the Reading Terminal, my friend and I decided to stop here for a late lunch.  The clam chowder and the lobster/crab bisque was OK....but it went downhill from there.  I got the fish platter and my friend got the calamari platter.  Ok, so with access to fresh seafood like they do, how bad can you mess it up right?  WRONG...it was HORRIBLE!!! The food had absolutely NO FLAVOR... BLAH BLAH BLAH...the calamari was over cooked and seasonless and my fish had no flavor.  The fries were over cooked and dry and had absolutely no flavor..umm..what ever happened to a little salt in the kitchen.  To top things off, they are cash only...annoying.  Well, I won't be gonig back there again.
Echo on DJ M's review. It was the worst food ever in my LIFE. And being a foodie like every one else on Yelp, that's a big statement. 
My lunch (for two) included:
 
*oyster stew - taste like, cream+lots of unfitered water = gross

*fish soup with sherry - pieces of fish or anything else for that matter is no where to be seen

*broiled blue - tough flesh, with a hint of fishy-stink

My bf and I took few bites out of each dish, turned blue, paid $30 (!) and left with 90% of the food still on pates. I felt sorry for ourselves  -  for the first time in a loooong while.
Ate there today.  Place was hopping because of the last day of the Flower Show.  I've gotten more and more disappointed with Pearl's Oyster Bar.  I've been coming here for years.  They used to serve cherry stones (raw) but now they are top necks.  A lot smaller calm for the same price.  I can't say anything about the other menu items (maybe 8 -10 in all) becasue there are a lot better things to eat at the terminal that are fresher and less fried.

I don't blame the waitresses.  I've almost never had a bad one.  They are now attempting this kitschy '50s apron thing which is kind of silly.  I blame the owners for letting quality go down.
Stopped in for a light snack - I had a bowl of "white" - the New England clam chowder.  Cheap at $4.95 and a large bowl but pieces of clam were hard to find.  Not worth it.  Service was fast enough but my server did not seem like a happy camper.
Ate lunch here with my son. He had the fish tacos, and I had the fried oysters. The oyster were fresh and not overcooked. It was delicious!!!! However,  when my son gave me one of his fish tacos, and I took the first bite, my mouth was in fish taco heaven!!! The fish was flaky and crunchy. It was scrumptilicious!!!!
This place is fantastic!  My husband and I had brunch on Sunday; he ordered the chicken and waffles benedict and I had the crab cake benedict.  We also shared 1/2 dozen oysters and he had the snapper soup.  He said the snapper soup was delicious and the oysters were very fresh but on the smaller side.  My husband raved about the food so much we just went back on Wednesday.  We ordered the fish tacos, seared scallops, and oyster sliders.  Everything was great and our waiter (I'm assuming he's the younger brother) was super nice.  He remembered us from our last visit and recommended some great dishes.  Our food was served literally within 15 minutes and everything was perfect.  We are already planning our next trip back with the entire family in tow!
It's one of the oldest restaurants in the Terminal. That doesn't make it great. It's always ok. Better off getting the fried oysters with chicken salad. I know it sounds odd but it's a real Philly classic. I'm always disappointed in the raw bar and you would think it would be their forte' . It's not. Fried fish is usually good but the fries are rarely hot. Could be great if they wanted to bother. They don't bother.
The best way to described these oysters... they taste like the exercise montage from the first Rocky movie. YES, I WENT WITH A ROCKY comparison. This beautiful rebounding rusted city, also happens to have equally gritty and in your face oysters. As touristy as Reading Terminal Market may be, the Pearl Oyster Bar offers everything but touristy oysters.

These oysters have a briny and very, very marshy flavor. They taste like the water they grow in. Similar to the feel and look of North Philadelphia, which by all means is a compliment. Although, I do enjoy NY's Blue Point Oysters, they're very safe. These Philly oysters have attitude and character. Some of them are as sweet and loving as Adrian. Others are a little bit tougher to love, kind of like Paulie. While the best ones resemble the hero Rocky Balboa... they don't look like much but they have it where it counts. Full of flavor, retaining that marshy goodness but providing that healthy dose of briny bite or should I say "South Paw". The oysters may be from Prince Edward Island, but they've adopted Philadelphia's character.
Stick with the oysters and NE Clam Chowder.  This place has a great location and some solid dishes.  Still, this is not Boston, Maine, or Newport.  I would have to rate this as a typical tourist joint.  Still the food is satisfactory, just nothing inspiring.  My recommendation:  It needs a true signature dish!  Food is about creativity, innovation, and quality.  This place is strictly middle of the road.
We really enjoyed our breakfast here today.  One of the best eggs Benedict I've ever had.  The potatoes it came with were crispy on the outside and soft on the inside.  Delicious.  My son loved his " LIBERTY" waffle. The bell was clearly imprinted on it. Very nice touch.  The place is not fancy but a solid choice for a good breakfast in Philly!
Delicious! I had a yummy mushroom and turkey bacon omelet (made from local eggs) with white cheddar cheese. It came with a side of fruit, home fries (or grits) and toast (which I held). The portion was perfectly sized.

I also ordered fresh squeezed oj which I literally could have guzzled down in one sip. It was that good!

The service was great too. Our waitress was very sweet. She warned us that the kitchen was busy and it could take longer to get our food. We told her we were in no rush. 'Longer' was 10-15 minutes.

The setting here is also amazing. POB is located at the front of the marketplace. Just a great atmosphere for breakfast at a bustling market
Who knew that Pearl's would have such a gourmet menu for breakfast?? We were checking out all the spots in the Reading Terminal and as we passed by Pearl's we were wowed by some of plates being set down at the counter.  The special was eggs benedict over a special little bread served with cheesy grits,  perfectly cooked pork belly over a basil crema with a few pickled onion sprinkled over.  Wow! Our server, Ben, was friendly and fast.  He suggested adding some "brightness" of peppers and onions to my order of a simple breakfast egg sandwich.Loved it!
My review is solely based on the crab & lobster bisque and the iced tea. I thought the bisque was delicious but could of used a little more crab and lobster. The iced tea is home made and sweetened perfectly and went perfectly with my piece of fried chicken that I had gotten from Delilah's
Not only are the waitresses absent minded and bitchy, the food is frozen. it tasted old and the waitress was no help since she was sitting on a chair talking with the cash register person the entire time. Plus, the waitress was playing with her hair and then serving food. Did this place pass health inspections??
I was distracted by distracting business conversation but this place was awesome - amazing service and amazing food. I got the gourmet-est oatmeal I've ever had and shared decadent banana & whipped cream French toast with my breakfast partner. I was also served as much coffee as I wanted.
Went here for the first time yesterday and everything was great! Service was good and quick and the food was amazing.
I got truffle fries and scallops.. both were SO good.
I am looking forward to going back.
Haven't been to Reading Terminal in years, thought I'd stop in for lunch. Started with the fresh made iced tea. Then got one of my all time favorites, Snapper soup. It was delicious, full of flavor and lots of Snapper meat. Also they had those huge Oyster crackers I love. Waitress was nice enough, the place was packed though so I can't complain. Talked to the small but very informative manager Dave, he recommended  I try the Oyster Sliders. Perfectly fried, great sauce and the oysters were huge. I liked it a lot and I left stuffed. Definitely a place I need to stop at more often for lunch, I'll have to try some of the raw oysters next time. I can see why this place is a Reading Terminal staple, fresh delicious seafood and relatively inexpensive considering I went next store and payed $5 for an ice cream cone at Bassetts afterwards. Make sure to give this place a try if you're every in the Market!
Cash only FYI. Best breakfast I've had in a very long time!!! Had the French toast special, which had orange blossom honey, strawberries, cooked apples, Greek yogurt, and granola. It was fantastic! The server was attentive and very pleasant. She said that their Benedict specials are just as good as their French toast specials. Will be back during my Philly trip this week!
Based on the other reviews it appears that I had a positive experience here only because I did not try the oysters. I visited once and had the fried shrimp and scallop basket. The service was a little slow but I was part of a conference group and there were tons of people in Reading Terminal Market so that is to be expected.
Love Pearls! Finally tried it after a few years of walking by it during lunch breaks at Reading Terminal. Service was top notch, and the place was packed but not overbearing during a Tuesday lunch rush. 

I've heard good things about the Tuna sandwich but the thing that caught my eye was the all day brunch and the crab cakes Benedict. I had to have it! 

Crab cakes were the perfect consistency and the baguette it was placed on was deliciously crispy even after having hollandaise sauce all over it. Home fries were delicious as well! Dish came with a side of fruit sprinkled with powdered sugar to balance out the heavy meal which I thought was brilliant. 

Will return to try more!
This was one of the best brunches I've ever had. 

We were wandering Reading Terminal Market on a Sunday morning and we saw the specials on the board and couldn't pass up a hearty brunch. A table for 4 was empty so we walked right up, sat ourselves down, and looked over the menu. The waiter came up quickly to take our order. 

My best friend had the pumpkin cheesecake french toast special. It was incredible. The roasted pumpkin and candied pumpkin seeds really brought this dish over the edge. 

Her fiancé had the creme bruleé french toast that was also amazing. Not only were these dishes delicious but they were beautiful. 

My sweet Ben had the short rib hash Benedict with a side of cheddar grits. The red wine sauce paired perfectly with the rich hollendaise and it was great. 

As for me, I had the chicken and waffles benedict, a hybrid of my two favorite foods. The chicken was crisp and juicy and the hollendaise had a beautiful lemony kick. The sweetness from the waffle really balanced the whole dish and the grits were to die for. It was perfect. 

Each entree was no more than $12 and we were in and out in less than half an hour. What more could I have asked for?
What a great place to eat. Had crab cake Benny - so good and came with aged cheddar grits. Great service too. The only problem was trying to choose one thing to eat-so many good choices and specials too.
Best Breakfast in the area!!!
Had eggs Philly yesterday... EPIC... had Peanut Butter Banana French toast today... EPIC... go here for breakfast!!!

Great service with a smile too!
Located in Reading Terminal, there's a counter area with seats that are usually occupied.  However, there's also a sit-down area for Pearl's also, so look out for that in case the counter seats are filled.

I tried the oyster and flounder po boys. Generous size and priced accordingly- $12, and comes with kettle chips or small salad. Of note, Beck's cafe here in Reading Terminal also has oyster po boys for about the same price (but without chips or salad).

While I was sitting here, we saw a few plates of eggs benedict being brought out that looked really appetizing. I'd definitely be interested in being back for more po boys and to try the eggs benedict. Just bear in mind that this place is cash only but if you forget, never fear, there are ATMs scattered throughout Reading Terminal.
Great spot for breakfast. I had the lox Benedict. It was lovely with a bit of a bite. The server was amazing. The atmosphere at Reading Market is unbeatable. The only downside is the extremely tight seating space, but that can't be avoided.
Had the 1/2 dozen New Jersey sweets!  Can u believe these come from there and they weren't "glowing green"?  They were small but great. Also had the bowl of clam chowwwder... yumm. Counter service. Busy. I'll be back. 

5- chowder taste
4- NJ sweets. Good but small
4- service
4- price for value

Brunch menu looks great. I'll be back.
This past week I came back here for lunch with three friends to get fish tacos. I was completely disheartened when the waitress told me that they had a new chef and fish tacos were no longer on the menu. 

After 5 minutes of feeling sorry for myself I ordered a crab cake sandwich. It was delicious and it came with lettuce and a tomato on it and  either a side salad or chips. I opted to pay $1 for fries instead. My friends all enjoyed their food as well.

The best part about this location is that while the Reading Terminal can be insane, they have a section where you can sit and eat and it is behind their counter so you are not directly next to the busyness or being bumped by people walking by you while you eat. The waitress was also extremely friendly.
This place is a gem!! It's located inside the Reading Terminal Market and has counter seating only. The menu is limited but everything is freshly made. I am truly an Eggs Benedict snob and really don't care for any other type of Eggs Benedict other than the traditional one, but I must say the Lox Benedict was wonderful! The eggs were perfectly poached and the fresh dill sprinkled on top was a nice touch. I also had a bowl of creamy cheese grits and they were simply delightful! My husband had the oysters scramble and he said he thoroughly enjoy it! I didn't catch our server's name but she great! She convinced me to step out of my comfort zone and try the lox Benedict and I'm glad I did!
Stopped here for a bite while on a day trip to philly. I was hungry and excited and thinking about the ride home and I ordered a bowl of each soup (New England Clam CHOWDER, Snapper Soup (that's turtle, not fish) and Oyster Stew, all to go.

I ordered the fish and old bay chips to stay. 

The soup arrived within 4 minutes of ordering, all bagged and ready to go with crackers. It smelled good. The fish came about 2.5 minutes later. I thought it was odd that it was so fast but decided to give it a try.

This was The BEST fish and chips I've ever had (and I've eaten it all around the world) the cod was moist and flaky. The crust was golden brown and wonderfully seasoned. The fries were piping hot, perfectly salted and dusted with old bay. Hours later the roof of my mouth is still tender. They were HOT, and not microwave hot, but fresh out of the grease hot. The tarter sauce was too sweet for me, but the fish didn't even need it because it was so well seasoned.

I left a happy woman.

Fast forward a few hours. I'm home, showered and on my couch relaxing with a nice glass of wine. I get three spoons, eager to try each of my soups.......

I didn't get New England clam chowder. I got New England bisque. I dipped the spoon in, stirred it around and lifted it, expecting to find a large plump clam. I didn't. I also didn't find a small plump clam. Or a small skinny clam. Or any clam at all. There was not one!!!

My smile faded.

I picked up the second soup, the oyster stew. It's cream based but pinker than the bisque. I dipped in the second spoon, stirred deeply, and hoped for the best. There were approx 4 decent sized oysters in it. They were chewy. The soup was bland. I wanted to cry.

I moved onto the third soup. I knew it would suck. (Experience being the best teacher and all) I stirred and lifted, stirred and lifted, the taste was very very gamey. Maybe that's how turtle is. There were load of carrots, onion and celery. It was gross as hell.

This was a thoroughly confusing experience. The fish was so good and at $14,also a great deal. The three soups cost me $24 and were inedible. The saddest part is that I can't take them back or get a refund. I was in another state when I tried them.

I don't even know how to close this review (I said I'm confused) the single star is for the fish. The three soups were more bad than the fish was good.
We were searching for a healthy breakfast inside Reading Terminal Market and came across the menu here. We sat at one of the counter seats and ordered the oatmeal, yogurt, and fried oyster scramble.

Everything was very good, especially the fried oysters which were huge. I was expecting about 5 or 6 medium sized fried oysters, instead it was 3 ginormous fried oysters. Needed at least 3-4 bites each to digest.
Nice clean location as soon as you enter the reading market. We arrived early and ordered breakfast sandwiches. It was tasty and packed a nice amount of flavor. The prices at this location are also very fare.
Providing a surprisingly strong breakfast/brunch menu, Pearl's Oyster Bar gives you more than seafood to talk (and munch) about.

So, possible plot twist, I came to Pearl's Oyster Bar to get breakfast with some friends. Okay maybe it's not that unusual, as Pearl's has been featured on some local lists for having a great breakfast (http://tinyurl.com/zarpdqs). So I went in with high hopes, and I wasn't disappointed. If you are coming for breakfast, come early and expect a little bit of a wait on the weekends, especially if there is an event at the convention center. We came before Wizard World Comic Con and were fortunate enough to score a table for four. Seating is limited at Pearl's, with enough for maybe 25 people. Expect the staff to be Philly nice - accommodating but blunt, part of its charm. If you're from out of town just roll with it and you'll have a good time.

Being a seafood place with oysters in the title, I got the Oyster Rockefeller Benedict ($13) with breaded oysters, baby spinach, onion, toasted baguette, and bacon-parmesan hollandaise. I'm a huge fan of eggs benedict (the most delicious, if still traitorous, of egg dishes) and hollandaise, and - you guessed it - oysters, so the combination of all three was pretty epic. I'm not a huge fan of the breaded oyster, but this seemed to work well with the dish. Really big fan on that bacon-hollandaise sauce too.

Overall, Pearl's Oyster Bar lives up to the breakfast hype. It's definitely worth a visit not only for the seafood but for their brunch, and it's easy to see why it's gotten some breakfast brunch.
What a pleasant surprise to find out that one of the best breakfast spots in the Reading Terminal Market is served at Pearl's Oyster Bar.  My first visit was so good, I came back for breakfast again the next day to try another dish.  The berry anglaise french toast provided my sweet tooth fix for the remainder of the day. I also ordered a side of bacon and an orange juice and dined seated at the bar. The french toast was really good and I easily could have shared it with someone since it was a large portion size. I almost  needed a nap after trying to work my way through it which I unfortunately didn't accomplish.  The next day, I ordered the shrimp and grits - the shrimp were fried. I am certain I will be going back soon for the Berry Anglaise French Toast.
New England Clam Chowder- while basically a good soup, was decidedly barely warm at 3:00 pm. Unfortunately - the potatoes were hard as rocks while the tiny bits of chopped clam were cooked to a delightful shoe-leathery texture.  That tells you no one is tasting the food - not the management, not the people cooking it in the kitchen, and not the people serving it.Not good. Also- the oyster crackers. Served in a baggie, (no not a ziplock), a foldover sandwich baggie. Wet inside the baggie. So that's not acceptable. Steer clear. Took them 5 minutes to reheat the soup. Waiter was 2 feet from me talking to a friend of his. Never asked me if everything was OK or anything else. A bunch of little stuff that tells you the place is not right Sad.
This place was delicious! Located in the Reading Terminal Market, this place is in the bottom left for corner of the map. I had a cup of Clam Chowder and some oysters. Also, this place had seating. Stools line the area so just grab one within distance of someone else. 

The staff was masked up and people who sat down skipped a space between spots. The service was ok. The server just threw down the silverware and walked off. It seems she she couldn't be bothered or annoyed. She did take my order and headed back to the middle section only to look like she didn't want to be at work. I hope she had a better day and that things turned around for her. A guy brought out the food and said to ask if I needed anything else. He also checked on me a few times as well.

The clam chowder was warm and smooth going down. Also there were tons of clams inside as well. I enjoyed the equal parts of ingredients. It was very creamy and went well with the oyster crackers.

They oysters were fresh and delicious. They taste different from gulf oysters. I was presented with two different types on the same tray and I can't remember the names. They give mew meaning to tasting like the ocean! They were amazing!

This was one of four places I stopped at in here can say that I'm glad I did. If you want some good chowder and oysters, this is the spot for you! You definitely won't be disappointed! Peep the menu.
New favorite seafood spot in Philly! Been here two times already and tried quite a few stuff. Everything is made to order and hot and crispy seafood every time. Next time I have to try out the fresh oysters!
Great service and very welcoming. There wasn't a wait. I was able to sit immediately at the counter. I had raw oysters and a cup of their clam chowder. It was delicious. I recommend you try this spot if you are a seafood lover.
Good breakfast, in a locale where there are only 3 sit-down breakfast places.  Bad service drops my starred reviews, however.

Seat yourself. Got it. Grab my own menu. Okay, as I had to discover this. After a few minutes of watching, I figured I better grab somebody for water. Done.  Before the girl could say good morning (as I was ready to order), she walked away, like she had better things to do. I watched her refill napkin dispensers for ~10 minutes before she came back. Really? 

When my food came, it was good.  I got a breakfast special.  I dunno why I didn't try something like shrimp and grits, as this was an oyster bar.  Nevertheless, regular toast (in which I had to run down service for jelly), good bacon, good eggs, interesting-tasting grits.
It was hot outside and I had been taking in all the history Philadelphia has to offer. I was in need of refreshment and unbeknownst to me oysters!

I stumbled across Pearl's with the thought of having a beer to cool down. Well as it turns out they do not sell beer but they do have a surprising selection of oysters. I sat down at the counter where a heavily tattooed gentleman eyed me up and down, perhaps sensing my dismay over the lack of my favorite beverage. I ordered an assorted dozen of his choice and a water (they say water is good for you). 

The oysters were Fresh, Fresh, Fresh and cold with both local and Canadian varieties well represented. Horseradish and lemon were abundant along with Frank's Hot sauce (I put that shit on everything!).

Overall cool service, fresh oysters and a gritty (pun intended) atmosphere but a little pricey. 

I'll visit again next time in Philly!

Cheers!
This place is an unexpected brunch gem in Philadelphia! 4.5/5 Yelps, here's why:

FOOD = 5/5, amazing and reasonably priced! I'd highly recommend the Oysters Rockefeller Eggs Benedict, which is a specialty dish you won't find elsewhere. The oysters are deep-fried, so even if you're not usually a fan of raw oysters (like myself), you will enjoy this dish. It also comes with more toppings than the other Eggs Benedict options. Their home fries are crisp and savory, some of the best I've had in Philly! For a sweet option, their Banana and Bacon French Toast is a popular favorite. Be sure to check out their seasonal specials as well, they usually have an interesting French Toast variation available. Yum yum yum!

VENUE/SERVICE = 4/5. Located at the entrance of Reading Terminal, the bar has a limited amount of seating. Most of the seating is bar seating, with 1-2 tables, so this is definitely NOT the place to go for groups. In addition, Reading Terminal is usually packed, so it's a loud environment overall. There's usually a small crowd in front of the register since patrons pay at the register after eating.  There's a quick turnover given the large volume of customers vs. small venue/staff to accommodate, so you will be expected to have your orders ready ASAP and be presented with the bill as soon as your food is out. Definitely don't expect to sit around and enjoy your coffee.

That being said, if you have the opportunity to dine here for brunch, you'll have a great food experience! Be sure to arrive early (before 11am) to grab seats!
We came to check out the reading market while in Philly. As soon as we walked in, pearls oyster bar is right by the front door. I look at the specials board and see pork belly Benedict. Boy I'm glad we stopped it was delicious. Nothing more to say. Friendly  fast and excellent.
Great food everyone we come! The specials are always unique and awesome! The portions are big enough of share! Can't say enough about this place! We come a little and are never disappointed!
Rule of thumb when looking for a spot for breakfast / brunch, always go where the line is. Well that is pretty much the rule of thumb when seeking a good place to eat.

You'll be waiting for a bit, but the food is worth it. Tip: When you do see someone about to leave, make sure to stand behind the seat to claim your throne. But the same time, don't be like a shadow.

As for the food, I had the Chicken and Waffle Benedict. The kitchen was very efficient, therefore bringing out your food pretty fast. The crisp chicken definitely had the crunch you crave for while the meat very soft, tender and juicy. Mixed it all up with the eggs, belgian waffle, honey tabasco and hollandaise, you'll definitely have an awesome party with your taste buds.

The service can get slow because of how busy this place can be, however they are very attentive as best they can. There are some larger tables for bigger parties, but don't expect to bring a whole company. 

As all the restaurants in Reading Terminal, the ambiance is loud, busy and chaotic at times, but I love it.

Yes, I'm definitely a fan.
Cheap Oysters! I don't get all these poor reviews for service. I have learned that reading terminal isn't exactly a Michelin 3 star restaurant. The staff was efficient and nice enough. My uncle even brought his DiNics sandwich in while we ate a dozen oysters, a oyster po'boy and fried clams. The bill was like $30-40 bucks for 3 people. CHEAP and GOOD! Our only complaint was we wanted Martini's with our Oysters.
Oysters were good, had a dozen of the Chesapeake Bay Gold. The problem was it took the waiter 15 mins. to walk them over 20 feet. When I was finished, the waiter was staring at me so I raised the bill and cash in the air signaling I was ready to square up. With a stone cold look in his face he shook his head "NO" and from across the restaurant pointed at the register. WTS, I'd rather tip the guy who actually shucked the oysters he did move work. $28.00 for a dozen is expensive, expected with city prices.  By the way porn mustaches aren't cool, TOOL....
One an DONE
I was disappointed with this place. It is named oyster bar but they do not even have fresh oyster. All the seafood were deeply cooked and lost their essential taste. I won't recommend this place to my friends.
Had occasion to be at a conference and gave me an opportunity to visit this long-time favorite. It's always consistent on the regular seafood menu items but I've noticed over the last couple of years they've kicked up the menu to include new, upscale dishes. Check out the daily specials. Staff and chef do a great job.
This place is great!  I am not sure why I don't frequent it more often...  They have very fresh oysters from NB Canada that are super crisp and clean.  The fish tacos are amazing.. they are served with a salsa verde sauce that totally makes the tacos! service at the bar is always good!
Breakfast to go today! I had about 40 min before I left for New York today. I went to reading terminal to get some breakfast, and headed straight over to Pearls. The line was extremely long. Customers were reading the menu while ordering which held things up a but. The waitress was kind enough to take people's orders that's knew what they wanted. The front cashier was polite, but not very friendly. Even to the staff. I always notice those things because I manage a staff of 7. I care about how people are treated. Although my food was delicious no one deserves to be treated mean, especially when they are only trying to help. 

I know, I know. The food is what you want to know about. I ordered the Veggie Benedict and it was fabulous. I always enjoy their breakfast and the potatoes are cooked to perfection. Enjoy!!
I ate there the first time I ordered the bacon banana french toast,  it was good the first time,  the second time it was horrible,  I ask the server politely that it was something wrong with my order, he neglected to do anything about it. I've never went to a restaurant that neglected a customer concerns, but yet still want the customer's money. I was outrage,  I will not be going back to pearls oyster bar. There customer service has to improve. For anyone going to Reading Terminal for the first time or just going there to eat, try out the Dutch Eating Place, the food is great, customer service is great, the work ethic at the Dutch Eating Place is way better than eating at the pearls oyster bar.
terrible service
waitress went out of her way to ignore us
don't waste your time with this place
there's lots better service and food anywhere else in the market
but if you want the experience of being ignored and completely unacknowedged
then this is the place for you!
We enjoyed ; but maybe the difference is that we did not have any of the fried food mentioned in the other (lower rated) reviews

Wife and I  shared  new england clam chowder and lobster bisque and steamed clams; soup GREAT; clams mediocre / tuff

Service very quick
This place had great scrapple! Some of the best I've had besides my mom lol. The atmosphere is expected given the location but the service was good and the server was attentive.
Wow. I can still remember the amazing taste of the fish tacos.  Definitely the best fish tacos in the City. The raw oysters were also so fresh. This place is one of the few spots in the legendary Reading Terminal that has its own counter seating. My dad and I came here for Father's Day. The server greeted us fairly quickly. We ordered a dozen raw oysters (an assortment) then got the fish tacos and fried oysters. The server accidentally gave our raw oysters to another patron who sat after us. So, we had to eat the tacos and fried oysters first, which we didn't want to do. But it was actually pretty refreshing to have the raw oysters last. The fish tacos were literally perfect. The fish was seasoned perfectly. The slaw was Godsend. My Dad and I were so impressed with the tacos (and he's a cook and a tough critic). The fried oysters were OK, but I've had better. 

The raw oysters were so fresh and well-shucked.  We liked all of them but the Barnegat Bays were the best. The pricing was also decent. It was $63 for all three items, which isn't bad considering all items were seafood. The fried oysters came with delicious fresh cut fries. The tacos came with a delicious fresh mixed green salad. We really enjoyed the experience and will definitely be back.
I just sat at the end of the bar for 10 minutes with no acknowledgment or menu from bearded waiter too busy yucking it up with center counter customers.  Waiter finally came to take order from people next me, and I thought there was light in the tunnel... He then turned and walked away and still didn't give me a menu or hello. 

Beyond horrible service. Can't speak to food, was wise enough to get up and leave.
Went for an early breakfast on a Sunday morning and tried the pork roll breakfast sandwich with cheddar grits and it was fantastic! Grits were amazing.

The sandwich itself has peppers, onions and I believe spinach and a delicious Hollandaise sauce. This was my first time trying "pork roll" - slightly tangy, sliced fried meat- I would totally try it again.

Service was good. The girls were fast, efficient and friendly. The food came out pretty fast as well. Two thumbs up!
With only 24 hours while visiting Philly my wife and I knew as foodies that we could not leave without a visit to Reading Terminal. We arrived at the terminal around 9:30 am and the stands were just starting to open for the day. As we walked through the terminal, the wealth of wonderful smells permeated the air. We approached a few different spots and the breakfast menus didn't really have exactly what we wanted. 

We approached Pearl's Oyster Bar which was packed and quickly studied the menu. As we were reading the menu, two spots at the bar opened and we snatched them. The waitress approached us and gave us menus and took our drink order. She quickly brought me a cup of coffee and stood ready to take our breakfast order. 

I ordered the classic 3 egg breakfast that was accompanied by breakfast potatoes, toast and your choice of meat. I greatly appreciated that turkey bacon was substituted at no extra charge. Tip: If you don't want butter on your toast make sure you tell them a head of time as it comes pre-buttered. I chose scrambled eggs and they came out just how I like em, not overcooked. The breakfast potatoes were also delicious!

Overall, I really liked my breakfast at Pearl's Oyster Bar. Its situated at the entrance near Market street so you don't have to walk through the whole terminal to get to it. The staff was very polite and the prices were reasonable for a large breakfast. I would recommend this spot to anyone looking for breakfast at Reading Terminal.
Me and a friend stopped in for a plate of oysters... man that was rough. Shells were still really gritty, which isnt a huge problem in and of itself. The real issue was the oysters werent cut free from the bottom shell, so you had to bite down on it to rip it free. This resulted in your bottom teeth raking in a load of grit and debris from the shell. Yum. In their defense, the oysters were large and glistening, as should be expected. I'd pass though on my next visit to the terminal.
Don't know why we would eat breakfast at an oyster bar but this place is always packed.  Since we stayed at a hotel near Reading Terminal, we decided to try this place in the morning before the crowd arrived.

creme bulee french toast ($11) - 4 stars - big portion

granola with Greek yogurt ($7) - 4.5 stars - with sweet blackberries

3 eggs with bacon and home fries ($8.5) - 4 stars- was told $2 extra for egg whites.  Not sure why I would pay extra for them to take out my yolks unless they use box of egg whites which I do not like, so ordered sunny side up and it was cooked perfect.  Not crazy with the applewood bacon but the home fries were tasty, moist and soft inside eventhough they looked burnt and dry outside.

coffee ($2) 3 stars - just okay and did not get any refill.

$40 for 3, cash only
I eat at this place almost every time I'm in Philly! I always ask about the special-which seems to be $13-15. I went with 2 others we had Italian sausage eggs benidects, Girl Scout cookie french toast, and a fish dish (forgot the name) served with a kale and root veggie. 
The Italian sausage eggs was good nothing extremely special but good. The Girl Scout french toast was excellent!!!!!!! They take your favorite cookie and make it into french toast. Super delicious. The fish was also very fresh and savory. Served with kale and root bee his with crumbled bacon. Mmmmmm that was my favorite. 
This place is in the Redding so space is limited but it has a long counter and some seating to the side of the kitchen. The service was good. They don't do free refills on soda. Coffee & water only. 
I'll be back it seems to always the place I end up when in Philly.
Just had the pork belly Benedict breakfast
It was fantastic one of the best breakfast I have ever had.
Great place. Great location on Market St and the menu is diverse with options outside of seafood. But the oysters are really fresh! Beer selection is amazing too.
This is the second time I ate at Pearls Oyster Bar and I will never ever go back again.  I remembered the seafood being tasteless, however, I'm used to eating fish on Friday and Pearls is one of the few places that had empty seats available.  I got the combination seafood platter and the bread was falling off the tasteless, overcooked scallops.  the crabcake had a foreign object inside of it and had more filler than crabmeat and the shrimp were okay, but would have been fairly good if they had been seasoned first!!!  I really wanted to like it here because I love seafood and this is one of the few seafood establishmentts in reading terminal that has seating.  The menu is actually great to look at, now if they could only season the seafood,  use a better batter method and be a little more sanitary this would be a great spot. Such as it is, the location is the only thing they have going for them.
Ate here for breakfast with my husband and 3 kids. Seating is limited and you seat yourself. Menus are on then table and bar. We had no problem with the service but it did look like only two girls working all the tables. The food was delish and the portions huge! Definitely worth the price and worth the stop if you are in the area.
I've always loved eating at Pearl's until recently. The many times that I've been the customer service is always not the greatest. It's only one waitress there who actually greets me and takes pride in her job. I normally don't go during the week because of the lunch time rush. I had no choice today because I was working downtown. I ordered the Fried Oyster Platter with French fries. The oysters had no seasoning and the fries were too salty. I was shocked. Word of advice to the guy at the cash register, greeting a potential customer can go a long way. I guess your phone is more important than business.
Coffee tasted burnt and the food was just ok. There are a lot of other places that would be a better choice.
I went to pearls this morning for breakfast, i usually dont go there because there lunch is over priced and not that good. Today i was in terminal and decided to try breakfast (amish was full to capacity and the other place was to). I ordered eggs, potato and Turkey bacon.  Four other parties came after i did, but they got their food before me. All happen to have a different complexion than I. These rude people, had the nerve to charge me $2.16 for a 10oz cup of coffee. The only reason I paid for it and didn't walk away, first thats a reflection of my character and upbringing,  second i will make sure that all of my coworkers know that pearls oyster house,  has strong tendency of racial bias. Boycott here from now on. Can be the only place open, no thanks to discrimination.
On business from VA my co-worker and I woke up with a strong taste for traditional breakfast. We walked to a well know breakfast restaurant but the line was, as heard of, out the door and we had flights to catch. We totally forgot about Reading Terminal Maket until the hostess at the other restaurant reminded us. We walked in and there was Pearl's Oyster Bar. All the seats were full but we scanned some plates and saw some folks were finishing up.. just in time. Once we sat our server was very attentive and very knowledgeable about the menu. The servings were beyond what I expected. I definitely ended up with a to-go box. 

I gave the restuarant 4-stars because of our interaction with the lady at the checkout counter. Not so good customer service experience but the food made my visit to Pearl's worth it.
Breakfast with a picky 9 year old is never easy. When she's tired and you wake her up and make her walk to breakfast, it can be downright dangerous... Salted caramel French toast to the rescue! And my breakfast sandwich was yummy and big as my head, it's gonna be a good day
I didn't have the oysters, but I tried the country-style cod which was basically fish & chips. The fish was fresh and crispy, and the coleslaw was unexpectedly good.
Stopped in at the counter to grab a quick dozen oysters. They did not have them listed on the menu so the waitress ran down the six they had so I opted for two of each. They quickly came out and were served with a rather simple mignonette, no shallots or pepper, and some prepared horseradish and cocktail sauce. 

The oysters were pretty good except for one which did not taste very fresh. Service was good.
What a major disappointment!!! We paid $21.50 for two small containers of oyster stew that included 4 oysters each in a watery butter sauce that was absolutely tasteless. What happened? We drove into the city on a crowded post holiday afternoon to enjoy the Reading Terminal and to experience the Oyster Bar and,what we were led to believe, this signature stew. Never again!!!
Why i love the Pearl? Great budget friendly breakfast love the chicken waffles benedict or even your custom omelet, and whats even great are the eye candy, yes the men serving you are hot as your coffee hahahaha i know how else can you complain? Breakfast with hot guys is a perfect morning come see for yourselves.
Cash only. Had the flounder po'boy; it was great! Fresh crispy fish, savory sauce, fresh veggies, and a buttered toasted roll. Will get again.
Been here a few times and it's always great, fast service and delicious food. Pearl's has awesome seafood, as you would expect, but they also serve great breakfast/brunch and the French Toast is phenomenal.
Great waffle !  Sitting behind the counter with a view of all the Saturday people going by   Feel like  we are on a stage with a big production number and cast of thousand extras   Having oysters of corse sweet Amelia from NJ  little niches from Chesapeake Va   Only take cash
I got the fried oyster Benedict which was very tasty however in general this place is over priced. Half dozen raw oysters were $18, I used to get $1 Blue point oysters in NYC. Granted they were from Long Island so you didn't have to worry about that, however I wouldn't pay more than $12 for a half. 

This was the only seafood place I saw in Reading terminal and I was really craving some seafood.
One of the classic tourist spots in Philadelphia, right in the Reading Market (worth going to if you like food shopping).  Seating at the counter like a diner, but if you want table service, go around and they have tables in back, too.  Reading Market closes too early for this to be a good dinner spot, but fine for lunch.   As the name suggests, this is the spot for oysters and chowder and such. Crab cakes were so-so: go here for the oysters, not the crab cakes.  Some, but not many, choices if you're not a fish eater.
Sat at the bar didn't think that an oyster bar would have such amazing breakfast but ingredients so fresh with top quality control. From the oatmeal to the Greek yogurt, that was superb. The oyster scramble is fresh and tasty and the grits have taken it to another level. Great service with a smile, lots of locals in the awesome hustle and bustle of Reading Market. Glad my hotel didn't have breakfast because this will be the only place for breakfast anytime I'm in Philly. I can only add...the best I've ever had.
I just had a delicious crab cake eggs benny that came with a side of potatoes. I was so happy that I could find a place who makes them on a weekday and them I could have them delivered to my job.
I come here mostly for the fried oysters! They are very tasty, but unfortunately the oyster portions are small. Otherwise, the food is good and the service is very nice from my experiences. We stop here almost every time I come to Philly...
This place is a gem! At first I was skeptical and almost kept going for a cheesesteak, but a local told me I would not be disappointed and she was correct. The scallops were awesome and the veggies  if I am ever back in Philly I will be back at Pearl's
With Dutch Kitchen's long line, hubby and I made our way over to Pearls oyster bar. Not at all where I would have expected to find a scrumptious breakfast. I had the fantastic chicken and waffles. Typically I order all of the sauces in the side. Having just landed, I forgot. Happy accidents. The spicy honey and dill-based glaze were a surprising treat. Hubby had the very fat mushroom/feta/spinach omelette. Kennett Square (Mushroom Capital of the World) would be proud. Pearls is a delightful option in the always busy Reading Terminal.
