"Pe-nang!" "Ka-pow!" This place was a hit. 

All I really need to say is "Roti Canai". More like "Canai" get myself another order? People rave about this appetizer and for excellent reason. I was trying to mindfully eat it and enjoy it, but I found myself literally stuffing my face while making eyes at my husband. All class.

Sexypants selected the Beef Chow Fun and I selected the Curry Tofu. My dish had a wonderful spice, which added dimension and heat. The sticky white rice was a beautiful accompaniment (as per). I ate my leftovers for breakfast the next day. All class indeed. 

Penang is not the fanciest place in Philadelphia, but the vibe was jovial and fun. Lots of very large groups frequent this joint and it appears that they can accommodate with ease. We were one of very few tables of two. And there was a 45 minute wait at 6:30 PM. The word is out on this place! 

They offer a (limited) beer and wine list, which we appreciated. Sapporo is where it's at with this type of cuisine. The waitstaff was super attentive and would come running with just a glance (whether you needed something or not). Very hospitable.

We'll be back, most likely with our own large group in tow!
Bestie was craving their spicy shrimp soup with noodles. I was craving roti Canai and beef Rendang. Bestie also ordered steamed vegetable dumplings. 

The roti was on point! Both of us wanted a bowl of the curried dipping sauce as our main meal! 

I'm no longer craving beef Rendang and bestie is no longer craving the soup.
I was so close of walking out of this place because the service was terrible. I heard great things about this place like how the food was delicious so I waited. I actually came the night before and was turned away for an unknown reason. Maybe it was too late but the restaurant wasn't going to close for another hour. I probably should of taken that as a hint to not come back again.

When I came back the next afternoon, the restaurant had a lot of dirty tables. Dishes still on the tables, food particles all over the table, and no one to clean them. I was so surprised that no one was cleaning the restaurant for more people to eat.

The staff walked by us many times and ignored us. Didn't ask us a table for how many or anything like that. Just walked by and talked to other guests and bringing out food. Just wow. After about 15 minutes they finally acknowledged us and asked us to find a seat. There's a sign that says please wait to be seated, not please go find yourself a seat.

After being seated it was another 15 minutes. We told a near by staff that we are ready to order and he said sure. He walked away and then kept bringing food out for other tables or just walking back and forth. Really odd. 

Finally took our order and within another 10 minutes our food was out. The food itself was delicious, the home made Roti was only 5 dollars and it was worth every dollar. Highly recommend getting that. We also ordered a veggie dish called Kang Kung Belacan. It looked spicier than it tasted and it was pretty good as well. Goes great with white rice.

Overall, the food here is good. However the service is just incredibly slow and terrible. Not once did they check up on us and there was just way too much waiting for being seated and getting our order taken. I wouldn't recommend this place if you were in a rush, only recommend it if you were ordering to-go or have ample amount of time to sit and wait.
I'm not much of a Malaysian food expert, but, hot damn I loved this place.  I don't know whether Penang qualifies as "authentic" or not, but all I know is that Penang served up some of the most delicious food I've ever tasted.  Hyperbole much?  I don't think so.

My dinner companion and I stepped in here on a frigid Tuesday evening.  Although the streets were empty outside, Penang was buzzing with both conventioneers and locals.  The space was quite large with a quick turnover of tables, we were able to get a choice spot overlooking the open kitchen.  It was a great atmosphere to browse the sprawling menu while sipping the complementary hot tea.

Although the staff seemed a little frenzied, they were always prompt and polite.  Our server was quick to take our appetizer order, so we started dinner with the following--

* Roti canai.  These crispy Malaysian-style "pancakes" were delicious.  They came with a curry sauce for dipping, which made for a decadent (albeit messy) start to dinner.

* Tofu satay.  Massive tofu pieces crisped to perfection, served with a generous pile peanut sauce with cucumbers mixed in.  This was probably my favorite item of the night.

Next up, the entrees.  We both settled for noodle dishes and ate family style, to maximize the opportunities for sharing--

* Chow kueh teow.  Basically, these are rice noodles stir-fried in chili and soy and tossed with squid and shrimp.  Although I'm not a seafood fan, I was completely surprised by how delicious this one was.  The noodles were crispy and flavorful, and the dish didn't taste "fishy" at all.

* Beef chow fun.  A classic -- beef with flat noodles and sprouts.  This was outstanding too.  The beef was crispy and spicy, and nothing like the greasy-spoon beef chow fun that I'm used to.  

Four dishes -- and four home runs.  Sounds like a five-star dinner to me.  A five-star dinner that was also dirt-cheap (dinner for two amounted to a mere $20 + tip).  Nice.

No doubt I'll be back here the next time I'm in town.
Oh, how I love thee, Penang. Let me describe the dishes....

I always order these same dishes of pure awesomeness. And you should too.

1) Home Made Roti Canai (Indian Pancake, $3.95)- Perfectly crispy style pancake & curry chicken with a rich potato dipping sauce. The roti is amazing- fresh, flaky, oily in all the right ways. Absolutely phenomenal flavors.

2) Mee Siam ($7.95)- Delicious stir-fried rice vermicelli with tofu, shrimp & bean sprout in spicy thai chili sauce, sprinkled with grounded peanut sliced hard boiled eggs on top. The flavors literally burst out of your mouth. You'll drool for more (At least I did). 

3) Chicken Curry w/ rice ($6.95)- This is SO good! Always brimming with great taste. Comforting and filling as well. 

4) Fried Ice Cream w/ banana- There is always room for dessert if it always taste like this fried ice cream! Incredibly delish. 

As you can tell by several of the prices I listed, it's also CHEAP FOOD!
So next time you're in Chinatown, give Penang a thought. Because contrary to what you might think, the best restaurants in Chinatown may not be Chinese.
This morning when I woke up, I made a few promises to myself:
-Go to the gym
-Eat a salad
-Don't drink today
-Avoid carbs

Here's how the day panned out.
-Went to the gym
-Went to lunch at El Camino (see "updated" review)
-Ate at Penang and ordered Beef Chow Fun (noodles), Mee Siam (more noodles), and some green bean/shrimp veggie dish

I did not adhere to my morning goals and am thus something of a failure. Can I borrow someone's will power?

Don't go to Penang if you're trying to "be good." Which, by the way, I love when people say, "oh, no thanks, I'm trying to 'be good' tonight." Losers.

Note to drivers: It's a bitch to find parking, but my city-sleuth extraordinaire (Kevin L) found the small open lot on 10th street where they charge a flat $8.
My family and I have been coming to Penang Philly for the last 20 years. Penang is hands down one of my favorite restaurants in the city. We've seen it go through its fair share of changes through the years. From new management to different decor, there has always been one constant - incredibly fresh and flavorful food. And that, my friends, is why we keep coming back year after year.

I've tried a handful of items from the menu over the years. Safe to say, we've perfected our go-to order and now have some staple items we keep coming back to. They consist of the following:

-Roti Canai: If there is one thing to take away from this review, it should be that you NEED to order the roti canai. It is hands down one of the best appetizers I've ever tried. I've had roti canai at plenty of other restaurants but no one does it quite like Penang Philly. It is always served hot and fresh. The roti is big, flakey, and doughy all at the same time. The dipping sauce is simply out of this world. I always opt to get it with chicken and potato (I think it adds to the flavor). And do yourself a favor, order one roti canai per person. It's too good to have to split with others. You can thank me later. 

-Poh Piah: One of the best spring rolls you'll ever eat. It comes with about 6 pieces topped with the most flavorful sauce. It can be a little difficult to eat as it breaks easily, but delicious nonetheless. 

-Chicken Satay: Tasty and comes with a fair amount of skewers. My only complaint is that the peanut sauce has changed and is not as good as it once was. At my most recent visit, there seemed to be a big layer of oil on top and it didn't taste as "peanut-y" as I would have hoped. 

-Mango Chicken: Sweet and tangy goodness! I love that they put actual pieces of mango in this dish. It was also plated very well and came served in an actual mango! 

-Indian Mee Gorang: More of an acquired taste as there is a strong squid taste. But if you like seafood, definitely try this dish out. I will say that the flavor has changed since the last time I had it. 

-Singapore Noodles: Large portion size! I love these thin noodles. Not as flavorful as some of the other items from the menu but still good nonetheless. 

-Lychee Drink: Super refreshing! You won't wanna pass this up if you're a lychee lover like me. 

I've found the staff to be extremely kind. There are some minor improvements that could be made... such as having to ask for utensils and needing to request water (they always give hot tea to start) but service was quick and efficient. Be warned that there could be a wait on weekends. I've definitely waited in a long line during peak hours in the past but it has always been worth the wait. 

All in all, Penang Philly gets 5 stars. I've been to other Penang locations before. The Philly location absolutely blows all of the others out of the water. They have perfected the art of creating an all around enjoyable experience. And the food... well, it just speaks for itself. Do yourself a favor and try it out.
If you care more about the quality of what's on your plate than how pretty the dining room is, Penang is the place to go. 

If you aren't familiar with Malaysian food, it might help you to look at their menu on line before you go because when you get there and get seated, you'll be reading at least 6 pages of dishes and trying to decide what's what, what's good and what's not too weird to your Western tastebuds and sensibilities. Chicken feet with Chinese mushroom casserole anyone?!

This place is always busy when I go but they're quick to get you seated and give you tea. I like to sit by the kitchen and watch one of the guys make the hand pulled noodles (fascinating af!) and see what's coming up to be served. The kitchen looks clean and it always smells good in this place. 

Once you place your order, service is fast. No one has ever been rude to me and if I have a question about the food, the servers are always helpful  and often funny. 3 of my all time favorites are the shrimp puffs, which are big fried puffs of minced shrimp and bacon that are put in batter and quickly deep fried then served with a mayo-ish dipping sauce. You don't expect the bacon and these are so devilishly good, not at all heavy or greasy, I always consider making a second order but good sense invariably prevails. I like the spring rolls but in reality, they are nothing special nor will they rock your culinary reality. They are stuffed with vegetables, on the bland side but their crispness and non-greasiness appeal. I just have a 'thing' for spring rolls. Hey, I never said I was perfect.

People ooh and ahh about the roti cani but this one is under my radar. It's a hunk of pita-ish bread (they call it a 'pancake') that gets dipped into a curried chicken and potato gravy. Big yawn to this one. I've had it here and at Rangoon and it's basically boring, carby comfort type food. So order it if you need comfort but don't fill up on it to the detriment of trying other things. 

The beef or chicken skewers are okay but again, nothing extraordinary. The dish I'd really recommend is the beef rendang with white rice. Let me say first off that I am not wild about Penang's white rice. It's a bit on the mushy side but once you start throwing food on top of it, that becomes less bothersome. Anyway, rendang. It's tender chunks of beef cooked in coconut milk and flavored with cinnamon, star anise, cloves, cardamom and lemongrass. It's cooked low and slow, the meat is meltingly tender and the gravy/curry is a powerhouse of mellow flavor. Not sweet. No vegetables in it, just the fall apart beef in that marvelous, rich curry gravy. 

I always get an order of vegetables, too. My go to is the Chinese broccoli (gai lan) with garlic. Simple, garlicy, fresh. The bitterness of the leafy parts contrasts nicely with the natural sweetness of the garlic. The gai lan stalks are quick cooked and crisp-tender. It's not drowning in sauce. It's a bright, tasty adjunct to some of the heavier curries. 

Portions are very generous, prices are reasonable for the quality and quantity and you can go from very basic fare-like the skewers-to fish head soup and pork intestines so there will be something on the menu to please and offend everyone. 

Penang deserves your dining dollars.
Finding (deciding) on a restaurant is just as hard, if not harder, than finding (getting) a date. Seriously!  In Chinatown, your restaurant options are nearly limitless. Thai, Dim Sum, Vietnamese  Malaysian and many more boasting authentic flavors. And on the spur-of-the-moment, I finally made it to Penang. 

Penang restaurant can transport you to Southeast Asia with few bites. Whether you're craving Poh-Piah (fresh spring roll), Baby Oyster Omelette (eggs + pan-fried oysters) or just a good ol' Roti Canai, just take my note: You don't have to leave Philly, go to Penang. Then you are on your own when it comes to ordering those dishes. 

I ordered the classic Roti Canai to start, and for my entree I ordered the Mango Chicken:
- My famous Malaysian home-made Roti Canai was flaky & crispy on the outside, buttery & unbelievably elastic on the inside. It was served with curry chicken & potato dipping sauce, Say whaa?

- Chicken mango:
1/ Ab·so·lute·ly blew my mind.
2/ Instagram-worthy ( served in mango shell!)
3/ The sweet mango & spicy curry is magic with chicken.

Don't miss out on Penang!
Three and Three-Quarter Yelps.
I decided to dine at Penang for my last night in Philly. It was a cold, rainy evening and I wanted something on the spicy side to warm me up. I had dinner fairly early just because I had a long and early day - I just wanted to get fed and knock out! I walked in and had my choice of where to sit. I decided to sit in one of the corners so I can do one of my favorite activities: people watch. The restaurant is very spacious and clean. The wait staff was friendly and very attentive.

I ordered the Roti Canai for my appetizer just because it seemed like it was the most popular dish based on the Yelp reviews. And it is no wonder why it's so loved. The roti (they described it as an Indian pancake) was both chewy and crispy. The curry it was served with was both sweet and savory with chunks of bone-in chicken. I was so happy. This was by far my favorite part of the meal. I just couldn't stop eating even though I knew I had an entree coming out. Speaking of my entree, I ordered the Curry Mee with Young Tau Foo dish. It's a curry-based soup with tofu, fish cakes, and what I believe is stuffed bitter melon. This noodle soup dish isn't for newbies. It's definitely an acquired taste. It was good. But it wasn't nearly as flavorful as the roti canai. 

I was going back and forth about 4 or 5 stars. I decided to give them 5 stars because not only was the food delightful (for the most part - I still can't get over the roti canai, but the curry mee I'm just ok with), but their service was really great too.
It is very sad for me to write this review.

I migrated from Malaysia 30+ years ago and was overjoyed when Penang opened about 17 years ago in Philadelphia to satisfy our home-sickness for Malaysian food. The quality and taste was superb even compared to Malaysia. 

We noticed some slight changes over this past summer when we last visited but did not think much about it. But yesterday, our dinner had not just degraded, it tasted terrible. Apparently, there are now new owners and we also noticed all new service staff that we had not recognized before.

We talked to the waiter and then to the owner (or maybe one of the owners).  That was a second disappointment. We learned that the new staff and new owner(s) are not Malaysians. Also instead of listening to what we say about the food about not tasting right, we only got adamant excuses that the cooking staff is the "same" staff. We did not leave believing that they cared about what we (Malaysians that have patronized Penang since it opened)  had to say about the food we just had, to correct the situation.

We then also noticed that there were almost no other 'asian"-ethnic clientele like the usual whenever we had visited. Another bad sign for a ethnic Malaysian restaurant.

This is a sad moment for a Malaysian who loves his ethnic food. But my yearning is not going to be satisfied by Penang anymore. It was a very sad moment for my family.
What a letdown! Penang served as a reminder as to why I normally shy away from chain restaurants.

From a pushy server to mediocre-at-best dishes, Penang was a less than stellar dining experience.

To start, the satay chicken and beef were chewy and dry. The peanut sauce was lacking in flavor but generous with grease. The entrees were equally disappointing, but at least the nasi lemak proved better than the rest. Much like the appetizers, the beef rendang were tough and next to impossible to chew. As for the "king pork buff", I think a more appropriate name for the dish would have been "king pork flop." Similar to jing du pork chops in presentation, the bbq sauce simply flopped in the piquant nature of the original dish.

Dessert -- ABC shaved ice -- was aesthetically pleasing but disappointingly tasting. In fact, I couldn't find half of the ingredients listed on the menu in the bowl.

True, Penang has an atmosphere to boot, but that should augment one's experience there -- not to cover for its kitchen's shortcomings.
Very authentic Malaysian place right in Chinatown. It can be hard to miss from the outside but the inside is pretty big and they can handle large parties. It was pretty busy when our group of 6 stopped in but we were able to get a table right away. 
Service was good and the food was good as well. 
Everything came out together which is always nice when you're dining with a large group. 
I didn't try everyone else's dishes but our group ordered a variety of stuff and no had any complaints. Definitely be back when I'm in the area again.
How the quality has fallen and I am so disappointed. I should of went next door to the xiao long bao place. I wanted hot tea because it was super cold outside, teapot comes and the tea is barely warm. When it was time to order our food, I asked for sambal petal, waitress tells me they don't have it since a few months ago. I'm was surprised and said okay.. why is it still on the menu? Then I asked for clams in black bean sauce, they didn't have that either. Really now? Why would you have it on the menu and then tell me due to unpopular demand you don't stock it? I settled for nasi lemak, roti canai and clay pot pearl noodles. Let me tell you how disgraceful the nasi lemak was, the rice arrived COLD, curry chicken was disgusting and the dish was all around NOT AUTHENTIC AT ALL. When I order a dish I expect it to be HOT, it was lukewarm at best. My boyfriend liked the roti canai, but how hard is it to fry Indian bread? The clay pot noodles were alright and the only truly "hot" dish. Overall, I am so disappointed that I visited here expecting to receive great tasting Malaysian dishes but was met with subpar food.
Eating at Penang our first night in town was a great way to start our vacation. The food was excellent, and the portions very generous. 

They were pretty busy when we walked in on a Thursday night, but we were able to get a window seat right away. It was a little chilly sitting next to the window, even though it was closed, but the hot tea warmed us up. 

We started with the roti, which I could not stop eating. It was so good! Next we had the mango chicken and the pad thai. The mango chicken in particular was delicious. I would definitely order it again, along with the roti. The chicken was tender and all white-meat, and sauce had a nice kick. 

We were laughing about all the notes on the menu next to a bunch of items requesting that you ask your server about the dish before ordering it. It did make us avoid those dishes though. If we go back to Penang, which we definitely would if we lived in Philly, we might want to order one of the dishes with the warning, if nothing else, out of curiosity. 

A few nights later we tried Banana Leaf, and although we enjoyed our meal there, too, we liked the food and atmosphere a little better at Penang. I'm getting hungry just thinking about our meal there. *drool*

***SEE PICS***
I lived in Malaysia for short time in the past. I am familiar with Malaysian cuisine. While walking through Chinatown, I found this one. Very simple looking but packed with customers inside. Initially I was hesitant to go inside , but I did at the end. It was a good decision and realized it  after I started testing their food. I went there several occasions afterwards. The waiting time was relatively short but the service was relatively slow due to lot of hungry customers. It was noisy. It has a large menu to choose from. They have Chinese and Malaysian food. So, you will not be disappointed. I tried Nasi Lemak and it was good and fill you up easily. 
2nd day , I tried vegetarian steamed potstickers. It was average. 
But the steamed sea bass with ginger and soya sauce was delicious but little pricey. 
Overall, I had a satisfying experience with my orders and definitely plan to come back in future.
We went into Chinatown last night in the mood for an adventure, and decided to walk into the first restaurant that looked good. Penang was the lucky winner tonight, based on my boyfriend catching a glimpse of the interior and noticing that it had Malaysian cuisine. Something we had never tried before. Adventures! The first thing I enjoyed was the interior and decor. The seating is kind of bi-level, creating almost two separate dining rooms. I loved the windows into the kitchen, decorated in twinkle lights. Reminded me of pictures I've seen of actual Chinese street vendors. 

Next up was service. Our waitress was awesome! Often times, I haven't received very personable service in Asian restaurants; it tends to be more quiet, fast, and efficient. She was all of these things, but also very nice and helpful. She even brought out two bowls for a soup we ordered, without asking, and ladled it herself so that we could easily share. 

Finally was the delicious food. We started out with roti, a super thin Indian bread. It was perfectly chewy and slightly crispy, and served with a potato curry sauce that I embarassingly drank to finish it off because it was so good. I ordered the Prawn Mee noodle soup. It had spaghetti-like noodles (tasted homemade!) with a few pieces of shrimp and pork and a slightly bitter green in a rich, spicy broth. For $7.50? This thing was unreal. Delicious and hugely filling for pennies. The boy ordered a seafood seaweed soup, small he said. It came out very fast, was bigger than my face (and I have a large face) and completely loaded up with shrimp and calamari and mushrooms, among other things. He also ordered a noodle dish, and looked similar to a Thai drunken noodle dish. I don't know what it was called, but it delicious as well. Really, does it matter the name? Everything seems to be great here! Food is delicous, prices are super cheap for Philadelphia, and the atmosphere is cool too. Perfecto.
Apps were great, noodles were not, and the roaches were not well received at all! Well to be fair it was only one roach. But a baby one, which tells me they've been thriving at Penang for generations. 
It seems that appetizers are where Penang really shines. If you decide to brave the infestation and eat here, the roti pancake with curry sauce is a must. I should have just gotten one for myself and made it my meal. Chicken satay was delicious too. Their peanut sauce is the best I've ever had. 
My friend and I both ordered Thai basil noodles. When it came out it looked amazing but remarkably had zero flavor. I'm not sure how something that looked so pretty and had so much mixed into it could have so little taste, but it did. I had to ask for sriracha to mix into it just to give it some kind of flavor. Then of course, our unexpected dinner guest decided to pop out after we eat all of our food. At least the roach wasn't in the food I guess? And logically I know that this happens, but I just don't want to see it when I'm eating. It was horrific. Unfortunately Penang will never happen again for me, but if you want to take your chances with vermin then just stick to the appetizers!
It's really good Malaysian but it's never great. I like Banana leaf around the corner better. The food is solid especially the noodle dishes and the satay tofu. The Roti is s must! I just never leave and feel I had a great meal.
Holy moly! I had never had Malaysian cuisine until I had my lunch at this amazing Malaysian restaurant located at the heart of Chinatown Philadelphia. While I was driving to Philly from DC, I read some articles from food experts on what restaurants to try out in Chinatown Philly. One of the top 3 in most of the articles was Penang. 

I read some reviews on Yelp and as most of my fellow Yelpers recommended Roti Canai, I started my meal with Roti Canai as well. It's an appetizer that includes a small bowl of chicken and potato curry served with Indian style bread made with flour. It was so good. Tear a little bit of bread and then dip it in the curry and add a chunk of chicken and potato in it. It took me back to my days in India trying Indian street food. Flavor of the curry was very similar to the Indian flavor. 

We also ordered pan fried squids with dry fish and peanut sauce. Although a couple of my friends thought that flavor of the dry fish was overpowering the flavor of the squid but I felt like this was perfect. Dry fish is a famous South Indian dish so I did not have any issues with it. But if you don't like the fishy flavors then this is not for you. For the next appetizer we ordered chicken satay. Everyone's favorite! No complaints there. 

For entrees we ordered green curry with sea food, beef curry and Penang special misak (combination of rice with chicken stew and some veggies). The most surprising aspect of the entree was that they don't serve rice or roti with it. You have order a side of rice to along with the curry separately. I believe they should serve curries with a small bowl of rice. You expect the customers to drink the curry do you. 

Well, nevertheless, we had a great first meal in Philly. It's always good to start your trip on a nice note to enjoy the rest of the stay.
In a city filled with good restaurants (and no, Stephen Starr, I am NOT talking about your establishments), Penang stands out as a trendy, classy, innovative dining experience, with the kind of food that makes you want to gush about your Asian travels (your belly's adventure, that is). Penang is also the place to go if you are looking to challenge yourself a bit gastronomically.

The beef satay is a rich, spicy celebration of tender meat in your mouth, with a peanut sauce that takes no prisoners. They also serve fabulously spicy seafood soups, a divine roti,  and a wonderful chicken dish that is served in a rice noodle meringue bird's nest. Truly, I have never had a dish I did not enjoy.

The restaurant is typically busy, with waiters who valiantly try to communicate with you, sometimes with mixed results. Penang only takes cash, so be prepared to sprint a few blocks if you find that your wallet is empty (I have done this before). Believe me, it will be worth it. Highly recommended.
I went there last night and ordered beef curry and rice to go. Just now  I took the rice out and want to reheat it BUT there was a wine plastic CAP in the rice! I took a picture!!!
Wow, best sambal shrimp I've ever had! 

Came here with a large group for a work meeting/luncheon at our association's annual conference in Philly. The restaurant was very friendly and accommodating for making our reservation far in advance and setting up the table for us. I had not had Malaysian food before so I was supper excited. 

I ordered the sambal shrimp based on one of my colleagues' recommendation. I'm so glad I did! It was one of the best shrimp dishes I've ever had. So unique and delish! My mouth is watering whenever I think about it. Each member of our group tried different things and they all seemed happy with what they got. In fact, one of our members returned for dinner on the same day. I wish I did that!

I can't wait to come back to Penang to try more dishes when I visit Philly! But for now sambal shrimp FTW!!!
After taking care of some business at HSBC nearby, we decided to check out Penang for lunch. I was pretty excited to eat here since a few neighbors had mentioned that they did good work and because Asian food in Bucks County is exhaustingly lackluster. 

After checking out their menu we decided to go with the fried tofu satay app which comes stuffed with cucumbers and bean sprouts and a topped with peanut sauce, the clay pot vegetable curry and the beef chow fun. I liked the tofu app alot. It was nice and crispy, and obviously fresh out of the fryer. Just perfect. The curry was super spicy and absolutely delicious. The portion was tremendous, easily enough for 2 or 3. My kids ate most of the chow fun but the few tastes I had were really nice. How can you not love those huge chow fun noodles?

Pricing was pretty reasonable, I think it came to 40 bucks for all 3 dishes. The service was good too. They checked on us constantly and had a good time joking with the kids. Really nice people. 

All in all this is a great spot for Malaysian food. I would definitely go back anytime.
Everytime I walked by this restaurant, I saw lots of people inside. Finally, I went in with my husband and tried their food. Maybe the food I ordered was not right. I ordered their curry chicken. I could say, I make much better curry chicken than they do. And they tried to refill my drink without telling me the refill was not free, and it would cost me 2 bucks more for a small milk tea. 
        Another thing was they didn't give my change back which was about 3 bucks without asking me. Come on, do they have the rule to keep the change for their tips without asking?
       The food my husband got was a little bit better than mine. But I still wouldn't write home about that. 
       One thing I noticed that, in this restaurant, it was always packed with much more Americans than real Asian people. If you want to eat true Chinese or Asian food in Chinatown, tell you a trick, don't go to the ones are packed with Americans, go to the ones packed with Chinese and other Asian people. 
      This restaurant is not on my Chinatown visiting list anymore.
This business under new management! Rumor said been sold for $5 million
So its not authenthic malaysian food no more. The owner now is fu chow chinese
Taste is so so now...
The owner look like don't know what to do or confused to take the order!

Wish you the best Penang!
Yum yum yummm!! Penang definitely tops my list of favorite spots in Philly. The restaurant itself is spacious and decorated to feel as if you've been transported from Chinatown to a local eatery somewhere in Southeast Asia. In case you haven't been convinced by the other Yelp reviews, the roti canai is definitely a must try. Who can say no to fluffy, crispy roti (that's still slight chewy and soft in the inside) paired with a delicious curry dip? Besides the roti, I absolutely love the Hainanese chicken rice. The dish is soy-sauce based, which is different from the typical Hainanese chicken served at other restaurants. It was so delicious I ate two bowls of rice with it (no shame). If the roti and chicken don't sound too appetizing to you, there's still a huge list of items on the menu to choose from. You're definitely bound to find something you like!
Penang is my favourite restaurant in Philadelphia.  My Filipino boyfriend and I have eaten there a couple of times a month for the past five years.  The reason I've joined Yelp is to endorse Penang.

Favourite dishes include: roti canai, shrimp puff, roti telur, cheow keuh teow, shrimp with ladies' fingers (okra), salted fish with bean sprouts, clams with black bean sauce, whole fried snapper with black bean sauce, room temperature hainanese chicken rice.  My partner's favourite dishes include: boneless curry chicken, beef chow fun, sarang burong, and sizzling platter with chicken or sizzling platter with mixed seafood.  A lot of other people like the satay tofu, the beef rendang, the clay pot curry, the pad thai, the singapore rice noodles, and others.  

In addition to white and brown rice they'll bring you coconut rice or chicken rice if you ask, the latter two are both exquisite.

There are a lot of more daring dishes that you might not like, so ask the server for advice (there are myriad dishes that say "ask server for advice before you order!").  Also if you ask they'll make quite a few things vegetarian.  If you're veg-only though I'd say do clay pot curry or satay tofu, those are the best choices.  Then wash everything down with a Tiger beer.  Glorious.
I honestly feel like eating in Chinatown is more of an adventure than an actual culinary delight.  Perhaps I've eaten at the wrong spots, but most places that people recommend to me have dirty floors, dirty walls, rude staff and sedated frogs.  Not the case with Penang.

As soon as we walked in, post bubble tea crawl, I noticed a stark difference in the restaurant itself from other spots.  Maybe Penang has better funding or maybe they are catering to a different crowd but to me, it felt more like a restaurant than a dirty hole in the wall (not that they don't have their place)  I felt comfortable and started to explore the menu.

We began with the tofu satay.  I was pretty impressed at how they were able to bend the friend tofu and stuff it with shredded cucumber and a big glob of peanut sauce.  It wasn't overly spicy but it was flavorful and I enjoyed it.

Upon trying to order the twice cooked pork with dried vegetables, the waiter attempted to steer me away from it.  He actually said, in a respectful manner "maybe you might want to try something else"  When I inquired why, he had just said that what I was ordering was intensely flavorful and I might not like it.  I pressed on, assuring him that I was able to handle it.

I have to say that both dishes were delicious.  The mango chicken was both sweet and sour and served in a shell, with mango pieces in it.  I thought that was pretty creative.  My pork dish blew me away.  It was thinly sliced pork belly, dried vegetables (re-hydrated in cooking) and a brown sauce.  It was an intensely flavorful dish and I ended up taking leftovers.  I was really happy I ordered it and I'll be trying to make it at home.

The service was excellent and I like the layout of the restaurant.  The waiter, seeing that I passed the test recommended some other items on their menu for my return visit which will be happening very soon.
Very good. Inexpensive and flavorful. Must try if in Chinatown. 

Must have:
Appetizers - Homemade Roti Canai (Indian Pancake) - Crêpe like with chicken curry dipping sauce. Amazing!
Entree - Thai basil noodle
Pretty good fare.  I think it's an example of a place not too affected by being a chain.  The inside was nice and not kitschy chainey looking.  

The singapore rice noodles were really good.  The coconut rice is a must to eat with the dishes.  Three of us were able to share two dishes and an appetizer and it was plenty.

I love duck, but the duck noodle soup didn't win me over.  It wasn't horrible but not spectacular.  The service is over attentive in a good way (yes, over attentive can be in a bad way too)

I'd probably pick somewhere else in chinatown first but if someone invited me I'd go back.
The food here is good and cheap. Before covid the prices were so low they were practically giving it away. 

I've been ordering the salt fish fried rice for twenty years, this is my go to order. 

Crispy golden squid is a new pandemic favorite. 

Roti cani has been rotated out of my usual rotation because the roti does not hold up well for takeout. I can't wait to come back here for a big steamy plate of roti cani when restaurants in Philly welcome patrons back inside.
While it's an incredible restaurant I don't feel that it's the best in Chinatown. I can't help but agree with what Ting Y. said towards the bottom of her review when it comes to finding the better restaurants inside it.
Despite that it is an incredible place to eat, and I can't think of any other restaurants in the city that offer Malaysian cuisine (seriously are there any?). the food can be amazing and the portions are huge! don't get an appetizer unless you plan on sharing with a group. My meal of choice when I come here is the Mango Chicken. It's as spicy as it is sweet and juicy. delicious!
While I do recommend coming here, I just don't recommend doing it right away. Since your in Chinatown there are all kinds of restaurants that are worth trying. This is the first one that's going to jump out at you because of its unique decor. but it jumps out at everyone else making it fairly crowded. So find out the wait on a table and walk around for awhile. You will definitely find at least one or two places that will make doing so worth it.
This Malaysian restaurant in Chinatown has incredible food. My family randomly walked past it years ago and we were instantly drawn in when we saw a huge crowd at the door. It was an immediate sign that we needed to check this place out and I'm so glad that we did.  Ever since our first visit, it's become our restaurant of choice when we're craving Asian food. 

Everything I've eaten here has been great, but I do have a few personal favorites. The Roti Canai (Indian pancakes) is an absolute must have appetizer. It's a hot homemade pancake with a chicken and potato curry dipping sauce. It's a necessity to start off your meal!

When it comes to entrees, get the Mango Chicken. The spicy sweet and sour sauce is amazing! The presentation is an added bonus. The entree is served in a mango shell. Totally picture worthy. ;)

The restaurant is very casual and lively. It gets crowded fast, so it can get pretty loud. It makes for a fun and laid back dinner with friends and family. Unfortunately, they only except reservations for parties of 6 or more, but it is definitely worth the wait.
No no no! This place was known to be a good spot but it's gone down hill. I ordered haiwanese chicken rice bone in. My chicken was all bones with tiny scrapes of meat here and there.  I understand more than most that when u get a cut of chicken or duck u get some pieces with barely any meat but some pieces well with meat to even out your dish. NO my place was literally scrapes of bones from the worst cuts of the chicken. I knew if I even attempted to eat this my gums would have begged for mercy.

I addressed the issue to the old male server who proceeded to state the obvious in which I knew the chicken is bone in. I said exactly chicken bone in but this plate is all bones! Barely any meat! I am a very nice girl I say my please and thank you s. He said so u want another dish right? I said yes please the same one because I enjoy the dish.  He asked if I wanted to pack the plate of bones he originally gave me.  I said no because I would never eat it.  He charges me for both knowing darn well the first plate he gave me I didn't eat filled with bones! 

I didn't even bother making a scene.  I just left. Own up to your mistakes when you give a customer something less than what the dish is. I've had this dish many times before at banana leaf. Never a problem. We are never returning. Heard later from a friend that owners have changed. Well I can see it in the food and service.  My poor significant other and I spent his birthday here left a bad taste in our mouths.
Penang, you are and will always be my first love in Philadelphia. Unless you manage to royally screw me in an upcoming visit, then I will scorn you like an incensed mistress. Wait, why am I talking about scorning you? You're fantastic! Every time I come by to see you, you immediately make me feel at home with the hot tea. It's a nice touch, it's like you're telling me to kick back and relax because you're in no hurry, and I shouldn't be either. And then you kind of ruin it by giving me a douchey waiter, but I don't hold it against you, lover because you always know how to keep me coming back. You tantalize me with various things, you satisfy all of my desires, but then after I finish you tell me that you're uncomfortable about using credit cards under some arbitrary number like $14 or something. At that point I think, "What a b*tch! No way are you meeting my parents!" because then I end up having to pay for my friend too. But as soon as I walk out I'm thinking that I want to see you again, and I completely forget about your trifling ways. But enough about my love affair with Penang. Here's my thoughts on some of the food that I have tried thus far:

- Chow Kueh Teow: I almost always get this, because it's just really delicious. I feel like the only thing that really varies with each experience is the portion size (depending on time of day I guess), but it's freakin' gold. It has shrimp, squid, and eggs amongst other things. I always tell them to make it extra spicy. This is why they got 5 stars by the way.
- Mee Siam: I can't really describe the flavor; well I'll try... It's like Asian fused with... Italian or something, because it's unlike any Asian food I've tasted, but it was pretty delicious. Has tofu and shrimp. Not as good as above though.
- Seafood Lo Mein: Pretty yummy, although one time it was a little bland. Includes shrimp (notice a common theme?) and squid amongst other things. Again, not as good as above.
- Home made Roti Canai (Indian Pancake): As an Indian, I've had better, but it's yummy. They're really stingy with the curry, and usually there are a lot of bones in there. Skip it, unless you just absolutely love it.
- Curried Chicken with Rice (Boneless, unless you want to be the cheap b*stard who has to pick out bones through out your meal): This was my first experience with Penang and I remember thinking that it was pretty good, but it was nothing to call home about, especially since my mother would probably be offended that I was eating Chicken curry, fusion style. It's standard fare, that doesn't go wrong though.
- A few of their sizzling platters are pretty good.

Read the description for the menu items. When it says things like "steamed chicken served at room temperature", don't be the illiterate jerk who gets pissed off because you didn't get hot fried chicken. Also, don't get any of the room temperature foods; they're meh.

Service is lacking occasionally, but often times improves significantly within the same visit because the wait staff are kind of interchangeable. I've noticed that Banana Leaf has the exact same menu/prices, and I've also heard that it tastes the same, so while I don't feel the urge to mess up what I have going right now, if something goes wrong, I'll end my love affair with Penang and move on to Banana Leaf.
If you ever want to stuff your face with tons of Asian food that isn't overly spiced - unless so requested - come to Penang. The menu is forever long, so you'll definitely find something you like, whether it's fried pork intestines or simple mango chicken curry.

Start your meal off with the Indian bread dish. The bread is thin and doughy and perfectly pipping. Sharing is allowed, and probably preferred, but you best just grab the whole thing and shove it in your mouth before anybody else can experience the doughy indulgence. (The bone sauce it's served with is okay - mostly it just tastes like marrow soup...if I knew what marrow soup tasted like.)
I love the variety of cultures mixed into this place: Chinese, Thai, Japanese, and Indian! I split two appetizers with two friends (roti and wonton soup) then ordered the Cantonese Chow fun for an entree. It was delicious and flavorful. I loved the different seafood mixed into this dish, plus the egg combination with the flat noodles was luscious. 

I would recommend this place to anyone. The service was great, they brought the food quickly, and the prices were reasonable!
Now I know why I was told people come here for the pancake!!!! That stuff is good!!! It's chewy but very soft and just perfect! I can eat that alone without the curry! 
The half chicken was a bit too white for my taste. 
The beef rendang was good. I like the seasoning. The jumpo shrimps were sooooooo huge and so tasty!!! I would totally order that again with the pancake! 

They were super busy on a Saturday night so they didn't have the time to let me borrow an iPhone charger lol darn phone.
My favorite restaurant in Chinatown. Dined here on a Friday night at 7:30 with a reservation. Would recommend making a reservation on the weekends as the doorway was super crowded when we arrived and restaurant completely filled. 

Food-
Roti canai (Indian pancake) is a must. The curry sauce is SO delish. You'll be ordering a second one.
Beef Masak - was not overly impressed with this dish. The sauce was a bit syrupy for my liking.
Thai basil noodle - so so good. Reminded me of drunken noodles. Very good flavor and lots of vegetables so not a huuuge carb dish.
Green curry clay pot - MUST. We ordered with chicken and the spicy creamy flavor easily made it my favorite dish of the night. 
Penang spicy chicken - this wasn't my favorite. Reminds me of Chinese sweet and sour chicken as the dish came with fried chicken and the sauce on the side. 
*none of the dishes come with rice so you need to order separately. All dishes are family style.

Service was ok. Restaurant was very busy so it was good for how busy it was but could have been better. They didn't charge the $10 cork fee noted on the menu so that was awesome. The prices are not to be beat. I was there with a party of 5 ordered 3 appetizers, large soup, 4 family style dishes, rice and the bill was only $90. byob helps but the prices are very reasonable.

Ambiance - the restaurant is pretty loud so I would avoid if you're looking for a romantic night. 

Overall, would recommend this restaurant in Chinatown.
I never get why people even like this restaurant. The food was horrible; the service was even worse. I remember I used to love this place when it first opened. Now, everything went downhill. I went one time recently with my boyfriend, and we had to wait for 15 minutes just for our appetizer. When our entrees arrived, both dishes were room temperature/cold. Our drinks were never refilled during the whole time we were there. Our waitress was never seen ever since she brought us our food. We had to wave down another server after waiting over half an hour to get our check and leave.
The first time I ever had Penangs was when my roommate at the time, a Malaysian student brought me some on her way back from Atlanta. I fell in love with the fried noodle dish. I love this place. But I cannot go there anymore and it really makes me sad.

They are racist. If you are Black they will assume you will not tip and so they will not treat you with any respect. At first I ignored this, and just realized that this is at a lot of places - but now I am going to take a stand and call out every resturant that I go  to that  treats me and my friends like crap for being black. Little do they know - I tip VERY well. but I deserve respect!
My friend was celebrating her 40+ Birthday, & she wanted Penang. My mom was able to get us reservations, since my parents frequent there alot!! We had 10 people, for 7pm, then ended up being 7:30pm...one person didn't show. Our waiter was quite the character!! He was funny -good guy. Got little difficult since everyone wasn't used to Malaysian cuisine or the heat -in it. But they were willing to try it out. We had our wine, her cake, All in all-GREAT Time & food!!!! Always a pleasure going there, closest thing to my homemade stuff or mom's.
I came here with five friends one of whom is deathly allergic to cucumbers. We placed our initial order and asked the waitress to make sure our food did not contain cucumbers. She said that the beef normally comes with cucumbers but she would tell the kitchen to not include them. Our first round of food came without cucumbers.

We then asked for an order of vegetable spring rolls. The spring rolls came on top of a bed of cucumbers so we politely reminded the waitress that our friend is deathly allergic to cucumbers. The waitress was clearly very angry and proceeded to yell at us saying we did not tell her that we did not want cucumbers.

Although the food was good and the bus boys were excellent, my friends and I will never be returning. Safety should be a restaurant's top priority and customers should never be disrespected. There are many other excellent restaurants in Chinatown.
You let me down, Yelp.  This place wasn't good.  I tried three things: some kind of tofu burrito-like appetizer, char keow teow, and Buddha's tofu.

The tofu burrito-thing was alright.  I give it three stars.  I'm not sure what it was, and I can't remember it's name.  (Sorry!)  It's an appetizer, and it was my favorite part of the meal.  It looked a little like a wet burrito.

The Buddha's tofu was sub-par.  It tasted exactly like something you'd get a cheap Chinese restaurant in a rural town.  It was a mound of vegetables and tofu, but nothing tasted fresh and the sauce was bland and bad.

The char keow teow was worse.  It had few vegetables and and basically no sauce.  It tasted like noodles that had been soaked in oil and served alone.  Virtually no flavor/taste.  Worse yet, it left a little bit of a queasy feeling.  Stay away.
Best Malaysian restaurant in town. I've been coming here for 17 years...it was actually the first restaurant my family and I came to when we mvoed over here. My Malaysian parents approve and think that the food here is sometimes even better quality than the food back in Malaysia. Prices are fair! Would recommend the hokkein char mee, char keow tiao, curry mee and nasi lemak. For appetizers, get the roti canai. Authentic ABC (ais kacang) as well.
Food: 3.5 
Service: 4 
Price: 4 
Ambience: 4 

I came here for a quick lunch on a break from a work conference. I saw that they had Malaysian food and wanted to try them out. I was in Singapore last summer and recognized some of the dishes on their menu. 

I was seated right away. I ordered the char kway teow and it came out within 5-10 minutes, as they were not busy at all. It was a huge plate of food. The noodles were cooked well, it had a hint of spicy (perfect and not too spicy for me), and had lots of egg, squid, and shrimp. The flavor isn't exactly how I remembered it, but it was tasty nonetheless. I barely ate a third of it before I was too full. It satisfied my craving for a little reminder of my time in Singapore.
My second time here was not as cool as my first. The roti and the malaysian icea tea continues to be delicious, but the service did not.   Staff was ridiculously inattentive, considering how the place was not busy yet.  It took a while to place our order,and the  water was not well replenished.  

The server also screwed up my order.  I said seafood claypot, and she repeats casserole.  I kept correcting her, WHILE POINTING AT the menu item.  It finally dawns on her.  When the good was brought out, it was nothing like the claypot  had ordered last time.  The check comes, and I could not believe my eyes.  The check says casserole.  

We also did not get oranges this time, but other tables were getting them.  MF said last time he was here at 11 am he got oranges.  I  was there last time at 7 pm and got oranges.  We were there around 3 pm.

I kindly ask the manager if we get oranges, or if we had to order them separately.  She said that they only came with dinner, and I said, "Oh ok, because other tables got them so I was wondering if we had to order separately.."   She gets a smart and snarky, and looks around here and says "where?" sarcastically.  This conversation actually went on, which really annoyed me - she was so argumentative.  All I said was, "I was wondering."  Why can't we just leave it as that?
Went here late night with some co workers after a busy day.  after 10 pm. 

1. Waiter was annoyed that we ordered a bunch of appetizers and only 2 small entrees.   ok, he didnt say anything, but he made a face, and walked away.  (our bill came out to 33 bucks for 4 people).  he did not smile once during the whole time we gave our order.  

2. The roti with the chicken curry (2 orders) came out, food was good, but one person in our dining party asked from some sriracha, and the same waiter who was annoyed with our small order rolled his eyes as if the sriracha request was a major imposition, but he brought it over. 

3. When i ordered our food, i asked for the peanut pancake dessert at the time of ordering, because I know it takes a long time. 

4. our waiter disappears after another waiter delivers our entrees , and never came back to our table. 

5. as we were done with our apps and main course, i asked, where our peanut pancake was.  everyone looked confused , and they told me it was never entered on the initial order.   So, i told them to forget about it.  I didnt want to wait another 15 minutes.  If you are annoyed that our order was small, then you forget to put a dessert on the order? thats not my problem.  if you want more revenue for your company, then don't forget to put the whole order in. then you will get more tips

i think it would have added another 7 bucks to the bill...

Then while other customers are walking out our waiter was all of a sudden friendly and cheery to others? 

Dude, either learn how to smile and suck it up, or get another job, preferably not in the hospitality industry,  


in any case, probably wont go back and spend my hard earned money here, when there are other places in Ctown where the waiters want to work hard and care about customers...
I've been to Penang about five times now. The food pretty decent. The roti with chicken curry on the appetizer menu is the must try item here. There was never a dish that I hated. This place lost two stars because of how creepy the Hispanic men in the kitchen are. It's impossible to eat without them trying to make eye contact or blowing kisses. To get to the bathroom, you have to walk past them all. Three of my girlfriends and my little sisters have all felt uncomfortable eating here. I can't even get started on how much leering they do. This is my most negative review of service ever, and I'm a waitress so I'm very understanding of service workers.
one of my favorite places in chinatown.   this place is a chain, and the beauty of it is the consistency of their food. it's always good at whatever location and it comes out fast and hot.  the menu is expansive.  i usually go with a noodle dish (pearl noodles or goreng) or a noodle soup, or basically anything that they label as a favorite.  all of their appetizers are great.  prices are so reasonable that you wonder why the food doesn't cost more.  you can stuff yourselves silly here and not ever feel it in your wallet.  service is ok here.  it has a dark and industrial decor.  i would give this place 5 stars it they took credit cards.  the last time i was there they said they were going to change that in a few weeks, but reading other reviews it seems that hasn't happened yet.
If you don't come here for anything else, come for the roti canai. It is honestly SO GOOD. The bread is so fluffy and the curry is amazing. You will not regret ordering this.

My coworker and i came here for dinner on Monday night. It was not crowded but still had enough people that the place seemed popular. Other than the roti canai, we ordered satay beef skewers, the mee goreng noodles, the hainanese chicken, and the Kang Kung belacan. Overall the food was cooked deliciously, but as most restaurants do, with a lot of salt. 

The Kang Kung Belacan was AMAZING. I'm pretty sure I finished the entire dish on my own. It was very flavorful, a bit on the oily side, but so delicious. The beef skewers were also cooked so perfectly. They weren't over-cooked or undercooked. I didn't like the sweet sauce that came with it, and just ended up dipping the skewers into the roti canai curry. The mee goreng noodles were pretty average and I expected more. It wasn't a bad dish but honestly very mediocre if you're looking for a fried noodle dish. The Hainanese chicken was also very standard, but the spicy tangy sauce that came with it was very good!

Overall this was a very solid meal. One of our dishes was forgotten but otherwise all the things we ordered came out extremely fast and the wait staff was extremely friendly and polite.
Most of the dishes I had at Penang were passable but not very tasty.  Generally, Penang's kitchen oversimplified the flavours of the dishes such that they each had one shallow dominating flavour instead of a blend of flavours with more depth.

Best I had at Penang: Roti canai (appetizer) was pretty good.  It's standard for what you can get in Philly, which is to say it's on the overly crisp, overcooked side but that's par for the course.

Shrimp sambal: sauce was good (if you like sambal, which I do). Shrimp was overcooked, so texture was non-ideal. Bad texture, good flavour.

Mango tofu: tofu is dry and a little hard. This dish is mainly just sweet, not particularly good. Bad texture and bad flavour. I'd avoid this one.

Steamed Chicken - Disappointing. This style of chicken should be slippery and succulent, but instead it was overcooked. Sauce was okay, flavourwise.

Noodle dishes were edible, but not great. Not tasty. Bad texture.

Summary: the food's edible but I wouldn't look forward to coming back.
Oh my freakingBatman. I love this place!

I ordered the Indian pancake here and couldn't stop eating it. It was quite delicious but sadly, I only ate here once but to remember it that long ago, the food was amazing.

The lady that was there though, kept hounding my friend and I out of no where, it was annoying but I guess she meant well. 

The service was friendly, the area is very populated and I know why. It's delicious.
I am not a big fan of chain restaurants, but I keep going to Penang b/c several friends have some kind of infatuation with it (and they're Asian). I find the food acceptable if not amazing- the roti canai is always fun, and they do a good job of accommodating vegetarians. Open relatively late- not worth a wait when there are so many other steps-away options. Aesthetically more pleasing than the average zero decor Chinatown restaurant.
My father, who grew up in Singapore, is obsessed with this place. He chooses it for father's day, birthdays, anniversaries, anytime guests visit, and he stops here on his way from the airport to get takeout and anytime he comes to the city. 

We come here so often that the people know us. The people who work here are super nice and the service is fast. Also, a lot of times we ask for modifications (like garlic sauce instead of belacan) and they're always happy to modify.

Unlike a lot of restaurants in Chinatown, this place actually has an ambiance and decorated feel to it. It's a nice place, great for groups or even a date.

We ALWAYS get:
The Roti Canai. Picture a crispy stretched out nan /crepe dipped in delicious curry sauce.
Chicken, Beef, and Tofu Satay. really tender and the sauce is delicious.
Beef Rendang. Delicious and always tender.
Beef Chow Fun. Classic and awesome.
What my dad calls kang kong with garlic sauce, but is on the menu as "convolus" it's a spinachy, delicious vegetable, that is kinda hard to come by usually.

Sometimes we branch out and get new things- they're always good.

There's also one in Princeton if you live further away and still crave it!

BYOB but there's a corkage fee.
This might be unfair to a degree based on expectations. It's been quite a while since I've been here and it's truly a different restaurant. Saying that, everything is fine, pretty good. No reservations, seating was quick. Service was attentive and fast. In some ways, overall, somewhat pedestrian. The highlight was Seafood tomyam soup. Spicy, citrus infused rich broth with chunks of tomato, carrots and shrimp. Octopus bits, maybe some fish. Rice noodles mixed throughout. Singapore noodles fine. Pad Thai fine. Bigger than expected portions. Couple of appetizers and dinner, couple Tsin Taos $25 a head good value. Brightly lit and utilitarian atmosphere. Good but not what I was expecting based on old expectations.
After an extremely disappointing dining experience on Passyunk Ave trying Malaysian food (I won't even mention the place), we decided to go to a place we thought would be more authentic and flavorful. While the food was better, the service was unbelievably bad. We were seated for at least 20 minutes before a server even came to check up on us, and another 25 minutes before our food came out. However, when it came to giving us the check, they were instantaneous and actual confusion because two separate servers tried to take my credit card. 

The restaurant itself could also definitely use some maintenance: there were napkins folded and placed under the table to keep it level, the paper towel dispenser handle in the bathroom is broken, and their menu was falling apart.

While the food was better than the previous Malaysian place, it was still mediocre. The Nasi Lemak was a large plate with lots of side dishes, but the only one that really glowed was the chicken curry. House special pork with pickled veggies was extremely soupy, and I don't know if it was missed or rice was really supposed to be separate, but we had to get a waiter to bring us rice. And the most ridiculous part was that the rice was extra even though there was no way of eating that pork without rice because it was so salty. 

With so many other great options, you are much better off looking elsewhere.
Great variety of food with great prices.  The Roti Canai is a go to as the crispy, flaky, thin pancake pairs nicely with the rich, savory curry with potatoes and chicken.  The Chow Kueh Teow is also a delicious, spicy, noodle dish with squid, shrimp, and egg. Service is quick and food fills you up and warms your soul - especially on a winter day. Enjoy!
i have sorta mixed feelings about penang. the service weirded me out a bit. we must've had 4 different waiters stop by our table in the first 5 minutes after sitting down to try to get our orders. hold your horses, people! and one of the waiters just came up to our table and stared at us for a while before speaking. ummm.. creepy.

but anyways, penang definitely has a flair for southeast asian cuisine. i came with my friend for an early dinner one weekend and we decided to split two dishes: the green curry chicken in a clay pot (casserole) and the shrimp with string beans malaysian style. with two bowls of rice, of course.

the string beans dish was awesome. i love when dishes are spiced just perfectly, and this one in particular reminded me of home and all the good restaurants in socal.

i was less impressed with the green curry chicken casserole. it was a bit watered down for my taste and as a result, not as spicy. i've definitely had better before. but overall, not a bad experience. 3.5 stars, rounding up.
My husband and I went here with his family for his mothers birthday. We were skeptical going into it, but ended up having a great time here. Everyone really enjoyed their food, and the restaurant was very accomodating to our large party. The atmosphere was also very nice!

I recommend the Wonton soup (so much better than traditional greasy wonton) and the Seafood Chow Fun, yummmy!!!
I can't stop thinking about their seafood scrambled egg chow fun. This is my favorite dish I ate when I visited Malaysia. I've been looking for it ever since coming back to the state and couldn't find it anywhere in Texas. 

I immediately wanted to come try this restaurant when I saw Penang in Philadelphia. I am not a big fan of certain Malaysian food but I love Chinese Malaysian food! We got the roti with curry sauce - the roti is amazingly crunchy probably the best roti I've had. The Hainan chicken with flavored rice is delicious but it wasn't outstanding. The *seafood scrambled egg chow fun* stole the show!

SO AMAZING! It came on a huge plate, mixture of shrimp, scallops, calamari, green veggies, and hidden in the middle is stir fried chow fun (flat noodles). The stir fried chow fun is so flavorful and it's all soaked in scrambled egg sauce (similar to egg drop soup). The combination is heavenly!!! Highly recommend trying this dish. 

The service is a bit slow but that tends to be the case with authentic asian food places. (lol) They are also very busy when I went, but the staffs are friendly. While you're waiting, you can sip on the complimentary jasmine tea they provide :) 

Will be coming back soon!
Roti canai is good as usual. It's definitely a great start. Chicken satay is very tender and not over charred.

My entree of sizzling seafood combination was a disappointment. The shrimps were hard as if they're from previous day.

My husband had his usual of beef chow fun. The noodles were broken into small pieces. He's very disappointed.
This is by far my favorite restaurant to go to in Chinatown. If you're sick of the standard General Tso's chicken, egg rolls, and lo mein that you can easily grab at any other Chinese food establishment, get your sweet tail over to Penang for dishes like the mango chicken and the me siam. Also, I recommend ordering the roti canai as an appetizer, which is just a big, warm, flat piece of dough rolled up on a plate. You tear off pieces of dough and dip it into their special sauce that they serve it with. On a sidenote for you vegetarians, they do make a vegetarian version of this same sauce. All you have to do is request it!
Penang had a long long line but the hostess/manager was taking names outside and wrote them on a list to keep it all in order. 15 mins later, we had a table and tea for four. Impressive, as the place was packed. The service was rapid and efficient, and our waitress was excellent. 10 stars just for her work alone. Extra plates and bowls for sharing (without having to ask). New plates were distributed with each course, and the food was well prepared too.

The food is Malaysian and seemed to me a careful elegance between Thai, Indian, and general Asian cuisine. Why is it listed as Chinese on YELP? Well, Its not Chinese food people. It's in Chinatown but I didnt see Won Ton Min on the menu....Speaking of the menu, there were familiar things like Pad Thai, but it was prepared slighted differently than you might see in a Thai place. There are so many things to choose, you'll just have to try em all. I was drooling over what we ordered, as well as what all the other people around us were ordering!

Clearly a popular place, and with food as good as it was...in the words of the terminator .... "Ill be back".
I went in here Saturday night after work. The restaurant itself is nice, pretty decent decor. The place was packed when I came in, but I was still able to get a table.

I ordered the roti canai and penang kariayam. The roti canai was nice and crispy and came with a nice dipping sauce. The Penang Kariayam was unfortunately pretty bland. It sounded like it was going to be pretty flavorful from its description on the menu:  White meat chicken cooked over low heat with lemon grass & chili paste then simmered in thick rich coconut curry.  I didn't taste any lemon grass or chili. The coconut curry didn't tast of coconut that much either.

Service was pretty good, especially considering it was packed and got more packed when I left. 

I might try something else from here. But I kind of wish I'd tried somewhere else. Oh well.
We were seated immediately in the spacious place.  The menu was huge!  We asked for recs and just went with it.  The beef satay was so good, just like how my mom makes it.  The veggie section is kinda misleading as it means contains veggie and not strictly veggies.  Everything we had was flavorful.  The servers were all very friendly and helpful!  There was only one electrical outlet and I needed to recharge.  I thought I was discreet but they saw me and ended up moving our table so I could recharge lol.

I wanted dessert naturally and ended up picking something that I've never had and based upon the description.  My friend and I didn't jump for joy but kept eating it because we didn't know what to make of it.  The jelly part was flavorless, the beans were just beans, and sometimes you get a little sweet but also bitterness in the shaved ice part.  Overall not a sweet dessert, somewhat refreshing yet probably would not get again.

Solid place to eat some flavorful stuff and enjoy a night out with a big family or party.
Penang is a Malaysian place in Chinatown, and part of a chain.

The decor was unusual, there were metal fixtures in the ceiling serving a purely ornamental function. The restaurant was divided into two sections, a ground floor and slightly elevated platform. I had a window seat with a lovely view (of the street - this is Philadelphia, after all).

Service (Ha) was attentive, they came by to check to see if we had ordered and filled our water glasses repeatedly. The wait staff was ever-present, delivered food quickly, didn't mind taking pictures, and even walked over when I gave a thumbs-up sign (which was surprising).

The penang poh piah (steamed Malaysian spring roll stuffed with jicama, fried tofu, eggs and bean sprouts) was light and sweet. The Mee Siam (stir-fried rice noodles with tofu, shrimp and bean sporuts in a tangy sweet (they say "spicy") Thai chili sauce, sprinkled with ground peanuts and sliced hard boiled eggs on the side) was fine, too. Not terribly expensive, and credit cards are accepted now (minimum purchase of $12).

Noise level was acceptable, though I had to strain somewhat to hear my fellow diner (she's soft-spoken, so that didn't help). Worth a visit if you've never been.

UPDATE: February 22, 2008 - went here with a large, raucous party - food was delicious - management and service was patient with our group, considering how drunkenly rowdy many of our group was... also, the interior has changed since the last time I was here, and renovations are still happening.
This place is packed on the weekends, and it is well-deserved.  I would just about say that all the reviews here have hit the high points.  The menu is without a doubt overwhelming, but the servers have often made good suggestions.  The roti, satay tofu, the soups, noodle dishes - all are absolutely wonderful.  This is the perfect place to come with a big group, so everyone can order something different and share.
One of my faaaaaav places in Chinatown.  Mango chicken is good, chicken satay, the pancake stuff, and my absolute favorite dish is the beef and flat noodles dish - forgot the name... and of course, the thai iced tea.

Although it gets packed on the weekends, the servers get you in and out pretty quickly.  You feel a bit rushed...but I don't mind so much since they sat me quickly and brought out the food in record-breaking time.
Bros. This place is my jam. So good. I don't normally go for southeast Asian food when I'm in Chinatown. But omg. Just thinking about this place makes me wet. The roti canai was life changing. I also got the mee siam. These noodles be as dank as nudes. Spicy and the heat would keep building. I don't even live in philly and I already have plans to go back.
OK, this review may be biased, but dude.. come on.

My two girlfriends and I only stopped by because we wanted the fried ice cream dessert.... and that was the only thing we intended to order. We originally planned to go to Banana Leaf, but it was cooold, we were tired, and that was a long walk away. We had dinner at a spanish place and they definitely didn't have fried ice cream on the menu! 

No shame, no shame.

When we entered the restaurant, we were warmly greeted by the host and seated by a waiter. It was all smiles, rainbows and ponies... until the waiter took our order. 

"Can we get the fried icecream?" 
"How many?"
"Just one" (hide our faces in shame)

After (or maybe during the moment) we received our dessert, service went awry. 

I'm glad we only ordered one serving of fried icecream.. because it was not good at all. The jam (I didn't even know they used jam in fried ice cream?) was sour and the batter left a strange residue/after taste. Maybe they prepared a "special" sauce just for us because we were cheapos who only ordered one serving of dessert. *shrugs* I don't know.

We finished our dessert promptly. We weren't rude, we weren't loud, nor were we obnoxious. But it was obvious that we were unwanted... they were in such a rush to hand us the bill and give us the boot. When we were looking over the bill and had cash in our hands, the waiter was in a hurry to ask us if we were done. Well dayumn? It wasn't like people were waiting to get a table.. it wasn't even close to closing time, either. They were lucky that we gave them tip..

One order of dessert or not, business is business.. and Penang disappointed me tonight. -3 stars because of the service and the questionable fried icecream.. +2 because i know their curry and veggie dishes are not bad, especially the roti canai.
Unfortunately, I have to update my review for this former favorite restaurant in Philly's China town.
The management has changed and they are horrible. The manager forgot to place our order so we waited about 1/2 hour with little children until the waiter followed up. Manager was unapologetic and they didn't do anything to make it up. After all this he had the gall to argue with us when I said the crispy fried cuttlefish was not fried enough. They then proceeded to add a service charge on the bill akin to that for a large party. May never visit again since new manager seems to be unconcerned about loyal customers and keeping up the well known standards of Penang. The wait staff has also changed other than one familiar face and they were all complaining to us about the manager. What a shame!
Penang, a cult classic. I've been coming here over the years, and I still love this place. I always, always start with the Roti Canai. My recent visit was over the weekend, and our group of three was quickly seated. We started off with the Roti Canai, and the delicious curry chicken potato sauce accompanied by the hot and fresh crispy pancake is soon a distant memory. It goes that fast! Luckily, our next appetizers of the Roti Telur and Phoenix Shrimp were delightfully placed on the table for us to feast on. The Roti Telur is similar to the Roti Canai, but the pancake is filled with egg and onion with the same sauce. Very good! I didn't try the shrimp, but given the empty plate, it seemed to be a crowd (can two people be considered a crowd?) pleaser.

Our dinner entree choices were Singapore Noodles, Mango Chicken, and Boneless Penang Kari Ayam. We also ordered some coconut rice to share. The Singapore Noodles reminded me of Pad Thai, but the flavors mixed well. Mango Chicken was delivered in an empty Mango shell. The sweet and spicy sauce of this dish was incredible! Easily my favorite of the three. I did like the chicken dish, and it had a nice  spicy kick. However, I was kinda over the curry sauce since we devoured the Roti Canai and Roti Telur earlier!

Overall, a really good experience! I remember when it used to be cash only, but glad they accept cards! 

This is one of my go-to spots in Chinatown, mainly because of that Roti Canai!
Penang sure is a tasty lil Malaysian spot!  
We dropped in late on a Friday night & the place was quite busy but we were still able to grab a table.  
Our food was served fairly promptly & included a variety of rices (coconut rice, chicken rice, fried rice, etc...) all of which were great & a sampling of main dishes such as fatty pork, spare ribs & spicy mango chicken (my fave!).  Everything was fresh & nicely prepared.  Absolutely no complaints!
Try their juices, they were especially tasty!  mmm...love fresh juice!

The decor was pretty neat as well.  It was done up as if you were sitting outside, on level with the rooftops of an Asian town.  Nifty.

I really enjoyed eating at Penang & would happily return for any occasion!
So I used to love this place and come here a lot with my friends.  I have not been back in this chain for like a year or 2.  Recently I came in for lunch because I was craving the Hainanese chicken dish.  
We came in and immediately got seated, waited on.  We started off with the malaysian coffee which was on the milky side but I think that is how malaysian coffee is made.  We also had the rambutan and logan drink. Of course, they came from the can so it was EH OK.  If you've had the real fruit itself, you'll know what I'm talking about and will be able to taste the difference. For our appetizer, we ordered the roti cani (an indian pancake).  I do like their curry, a good appetizer.  
So here comes my usual dish, the Hainanese chicken which I usually LOVE in this place.  I'm not sure if quality of food decreased here but the chicken came out with way too much soy sauce drenched on the dish.  The chicken itself wasn't all that fresh either.  The unique thing about this dish is the rice that is suppose to be cooked in chicken stock.  The rice tasted bland and flavorless.  I was very disappointed and likely will avoid this place now.  As it always happens, once a restaurant becomes too big of a chain, the quality likely decreases, that seems to be a general trend.
Ok so this place is amazeeeeeballs!!!!

Being from Toronto, I really did not enjoy the city of Philadelphia which was grimy as heck but this restaurant made the trip worthwhile! Again my fellow yelpers came through, and the great reviews are totally accurate.

We walked in for dinner around 9 pm on a Wednesday night and got a table right away. Having read the reviews before I knew we had to start with the roti canai which is a crispy style pancake (basically a really soft and crispy roti) & curry chicken with potato dipping sauce (it was a small bowl of chicken curry). I ordered two figuring we could just share. Big mistake!! My family toreeee throughhhh it as soon as it got to the table. I suggest ordering 1 per person. Everyone just lovedddd it. The roti was super thin, crispy and soft all at the same time. I've never tasted anything like it before. And the curry was mouth watering!!! This dish reallllyyyyyy is "like crack"!!! After we finished it, we just sat there sad that the experience was over, wanting moreee moreeee moreeeeeeeeeee lol!!! But we had to get over it! 

For our mains we ordered the the Green Nasi Lemak which was coconut rice fried w. mixed vegetables, shrimp in ginger sauce, Basil Chicken and Malaysian Style Spareribs. First the ribs were second only to the roti canai. My mom who never eats pork was all over them. These ribs were marinated and lightly fried and came with a spicy/sweet sauce. Just ahhmazing. The rice and chicken dish were super flavourful. We also got the Mee Siam which was stir-fried rice vermicilli w. tofu, shrimp & bean sprout in spicy thai chili sauce. Again, very good.

Lastly because I wanted to be adventurous, I ordered a Malaysian dessert called ABC which after a quick Wikipedia search, I found out is an acronym for Air Batu Campur, meaning "mixed ice". It had a bunch of weird non-dessert stuff in it but I guess it was interesting. It was a souped-up snow cone ... so basically shaved ice, red beans, sweet corn, palm seed, grass jelly, cubes of agar agar, topped of with condensed milk and red rose syrup. I would say one order is good to share between 4 people because it melts pretty fast and then just tastes weird.

Overall we loveddddd the food here. I am now on the hunt for roti canai in the GTA!

If you do anything when you go to Philly, go hereeee!!!!!
I am sure you will agree, that experience in a restaurant is not just about food.

When i entered the rest. there was no one to point me to a table (i came alone). Anyway moving on, i found myself a table and sat, then a lady came to me, only to tell me if i can find a smaller table, which i found a little offensive (if they are concerned about table seating they should be consistent in their approach).

Next while ordering i ordered food, and i saw very poor service:-

1. While eating appetizer at my table another waiter was escorting some people to a table near me, while pointing them to the table his hand was literally 2 feet away from my eyes... This i take seriously a -5 star rating. Moreover than bad rating i hope this is being read by the rest. guys, this is clearly not acceptable at any type of restaurant, big or small.  

2. The service was late (took 15 minutes+). My food took some time to deliver but no one had the sincerity to come over and inform or ask about any other side order which could come earlier.

3. My appetizer plate was not even lifted when i had done eating it, they simply put the main course dish on my table on the opposite side ?? Are you serious Penang ??? Is this the way? Frankly.., small roadside dhabas in India and hotels have better experience in this domain than what i got in Penang today.

This is my first review in Yelp with two objectives, to warn future customers of Penang and second to bring this to notice of Penang to correct themselves, because their behavior was pathetic.
Penang has been the go-to spot for Malaysian cuisine for probably about 15 years now. I remember coming here to celebrate one of my birthdays with friends back when I was in high school. 

Some of my favorite dishes include the roti canai, roti canai telur (has onions in it), the Penang spicy chicken, chicken with ginger on rice, seafood pan-fried noodles, and coconut rice.

Came here last week with my husband and the service was decent. We were seated pretty quickly and were given hot tea and water. Our server checked on us throughout the night and refilled our waters a couple times. The only thing I miss is getting orange slices for dessert - they only give you fortune cookies now.
I love Penang. It's one of my staples in Philly. I really recommend getting the home made roti canai as your appetizer. Downside is that I feel like they don't give enough roti ratio to the dipping sauce, but it's so freaking good. The beef sticks were delicious as well and come with a peanut dipping sauce. Finally the chow kueh teow comes with shrimp and is so delicious. Highly recommend the dishes I got! Service is quick here as well!
Finally Penang is available for delivery at Grubhub. I ordered Singapore fried noodles and wanted extra shrimp but the only options are extra chicken or beef. So I put a note to substitute chicken for shrimp and I called the restaurant to confirm. The lady at the restaurant was super friendly and helpful. I had two orders for my workplace and I asked if they could deliver them together. She was very  accommodating.

Singapore fried noodles: the noodles is rice noodles, a little bit spicy. Flavor is on point. 

Satay is very flavorful and even better with the peanut sauce.

Peanut pancake dessert is interesting. The "pancake" is thin similar to the roti canai with peanut paste and corn. Not too sweet, it's ok for me, not memorable.

Of course I couldn't forget roti canai which will be  much better if you eat it fresh in the restaurant. However, with this COVID-19 situation I take any canai from Penang. The curry dipping is spicy and full of flavor perfect for dunking the chewy canai.
Very accommodating!

I say this because I ate here last week, which was not to long ago, for a friend's birthday. There were about 7 of us, total. I called twice to change the reservation time, and they were very polite about it.

We were worried about not being able to eat here because we found out one of my friends has a peanut allergy. Knowing the way Asian restaurants work, a lot of them use peanut oil or peanut products in their food.

Three people that worked there came up to our table to listen to our orders to make sure that they got it right, and to omit any peanuts in the dishes. I believe one of them might have been the manager. If that isn't good service, I don't know what is!

We ordered the roti canai (indian pancake), shrimp puff, young chow fried rice, hainanese chicken, sizzling beef, shrimp pad thai, deep fried shrimp with ginger soy sauce.

The roti is probably their most famous dish. Once you try it you'll know why. As soon as we sat down I asked if we could order an appetizer to start (since everyone was hungry and it was already 8pm). She asked if I wanted roti and how many, before I could even ask what I wanted. How'd she know? Two please!

The shrimp puff was so delicious! I'm warning you though to let it sit for a bit and give it 5 minutes. It is served HOT and WILL burn your tongue. The sauces tend to squirt out into your mouth as soon as you bite into it, which is no fun when it's extremely hot! Wait it out and you'll thank me later. The sauce was a nice touch to the shrimp puff. Very cohesive appetizer. You should definitely try this one.

Fried rice was average, as any Asian restaurant's fried rice is.

Hainanese chicken was very different ... never had anything like it. It's completely baked but served at room temperate so it gives off the feeling that it's being served "cold". It's actually pretty good with the soy sauce (which is served under the chicken) if you can get over the way it looks and the cold texture. We we're actually served a piece that was still blue and looked like a cyanotic chicken extremity which turned me off completely, even being in the medical field. Shivers. We decided just to set it aside and remove it so we wouldn't have to look at it anymore.

The sizzling beef was absolutely.. FORGETTABLE. Do not get this dish. It lacked flavor, and did not come out sizzling. Womp, womp.

The pad thai is also just an average dish. Nothing too special going on, probably would not get it again since I could get better pad thai elsewhere.

Now I saved the best part for last.. the deep fried fish! It normally comes with other sauces, but we requested to do a simple ginger and soy sauce. This is the best fried fish, ever! We all couldn't get our hands off it and fought for the last morsel! Main reason it was so good was because it was so crispy! Good to share due to it's size. Fairly big. I would totally go back for this.

Parking could be difficult during the weekend due to it's location, so try an odd weeknight. Like say, a thursday.
I once had an allergic reaction to stealthy hidden carrots when I told the waiter that I didn't want carrots in my food.

Other than that, it was yummy, but I think that the food really doesn't match the atmosphere and decoration of the place.
I've been to Penangs from Jersey to California, and they're all pretty much the same.

Roti canai, the old standby, is just as good here as anywhere else. However, the satay tofu was a bland mess. I love satay tofu when it's done right, but I have yet to find a place in Philly that does it right. 

The Hainanese chicken was good (half a chicken is more than enough for two people), and the tiny tentacles of the crispy spicy squid were uniquely crunchy and tangy. They could serve this stuff packaged as delicious junk food from a vending machine. 

Your average Malaysian place, though not too shabby. Maybe 3.5 stars.
This is one of my top places to go and eat when I want Asian food and when I'm not feening for Chinese food in Chinatown.

I always get the appetizer - Indian bread (naan or poori) with chicken curry dipping sauce. 

I have gotten the Hainan Chicken, Chicken with Ginger, & the Malaysian version of Pad thai.

Weekends - expect a long wait. 

The service is efficient period. 

Considering the ambiance, food selections/menu items, & presentation of the food - this place is extremely cheap.
I've visited Penang on multiple occasions.  Just to clarify the 3-star rating, on none of these trips was I truly dissatisfied.  However, not one could have me locked in as "a fan", and each left me with something to gripe about.  The Roti Canai is good.  I really enjoy the Nasi Lemak as you can really taste thte coconut in the rice.  The Coconut Nasi Goreng is good for the same reason.

As for the gripes: The servers have mixed up my order on at least one of my trips and weren't too happy as they tried to make it out to be my fault.  Another trip for dinner and the decided that orange slices would only be provided for those dining after a certain time, even though we could clearly see others had been given them.  Finally, another time the service was just ridiculously slow especially factoring in the amount of people in the restaurant.  Again, nothing individually to stop me from going back, but nothing there pulling me that way.  Given the options in Chinatown, it may be a while before I head back to Penang.
My boyfriend and I heard good things about Penang so we stopped here for dinner. We weren't too hungry so we ordered a mixed satay, roti, hainanese chicken, and ABC ice. The roti was eh. The roti itself was fluffy on the inside and crispy on the outside. The curry however was oily and flavorless. The meat in the mixed satay was cooked well, but that dish is all about the sauce. The peanut sauce was actually horrendous. (See picture). There was a ridiculous amount of oil in the cup. I poured out what I could, but there was still a lot I couldn't get rid of. The Haianese chicken was tender, but a bit flavorless. It tasted much better the next day, after it had time to sit in the sauce. The ABC ice lacked flavor in the ice itself and the toppings were bland as well. 

I also watched one of the waitresses cough straight into her hands right before handling someone's food.

Overall, this was a lackluster meal. I highly doubt I will be back on my next trip to Philly.
My fav to go place when craving for roti canai and roti telur! Simply love it. Vegetable hot pot is my second fav thing here....very flavorful and huge quantity. Lots of veggies along with tofu and coconut based curry. Easily can fill me up for 2 meals. Does not come with side of rice. 
Quick service. Good price. Servers are pretty nice as well. Have never had to wait too long to get the table.
More like 2.5

Banana leaf  is so much better than Penang so far. 

But the Roti Canai was everything I imagined it to be, except that the roti was tougher  to chew than I thought (so the probability of it being in house made versus from the supermarkey freezer aisle is high-yay for handmade roti!)

Maybe I ordered the wrong dishes,  but I am not a seafood fan, so I stuck to the Thai Basil Noodle without shrimp. It tasted pretty soggy and no flavor whatsoever. The chicken pieces tasted good at first but after a while it started tasting soggy and oily. My cousin had the Chow Kueh teow, which was okay at first but lackluster as our food got room temperature after a while. There weren't that many shrimp pieces in the dish.

To finish off, we split a Rambutan drink. Delish. For a rambutan ignorant person such as I until this drink, it tasted like the cross between mango and lychee, but better. The pieces at the bottom were yummy to eat.  

I definitely want to come back and give them another try, maybe their mango chicken or a noodle soup dish.
The food here is good. However they need to improve on their drinks. I took my sons here and ordered each of them a coconut juice. When it came out one of the coconut juice was obviously sour. I told the waitress ,she took away the coconut juices then came back with the same one except this time it's more like water ! She obviously diluted the bad coconut juice with tap water! This happens to me regularly but when I took my kids here , they only wanted coconut juice. I'm very disappointed with this restaurant. My sons are only 3 and 1.
Being born in Singapore and exposed to Singapore/Malaysian food from an early age, Penang is definitely authentic! They had good and efficient service! Great tasting and fresh food~ I can definitely see why this place was so crowded and has such good ratings! Only reason I bumped off a star is because the tables were so crammed and close to each other. Also, the Hainanese chicken with rice was pretty dry :(

Food:
Roti Canai - must get. I think every table got one and of course, it was heavenly. Easy to pull apart with its soft yet slightly crispy texture. The only thing that annoyed me was that they had a few bones in the curry we dip in, but that's how they serve it in Singapore too.. it was just annoying to dip around the bone that's all.
Kang Kung Belachan - best in Philly. The sambal chili brought me straight to the hawker centers of Singapore with its freshness, perfect spiciness level and fragrance. Huge portion. Split it with my friend and still had to take home almost half of it.
Hainanese Chicken Rice - Can't really find it at other places in Philly... if so, let me know! The chicken was really dry and I was very disappointed.. maybe next time I can ask if I can just get dark meat? I'm loooove dark meat so maybe the chicken wasn't actually bad, I just don't like chicken breast. I was surprised the actual rice was so bland though -- that didn't have anything to do with the meat. My mom's chicken rice was more flavorful..and it was a little soggy. Texture is a big thing for me so very unpleased about that.
Char Kway Teow - The only dish we finished that nice and didn't have to take home ;) Pleased to see that the noodles were flowing off of the plate (they gave us so much!!) when it arrived and we had to put some on our plate immediately to prevent it from getting all over the table. Not too oily either. Noodles were cooked to a good texture, not soggy and sticking to each other. Lots of ingredients like bean sprouts, eggs, green onions, etc. Authentic too.

Service: 
Very efficient. They came to check on us at the right times (when it seemed like we were looking for something or needed something) and didn't bother us when we didn't need to be bothered. Food came out fast. The restaurant was crowded but the service was very efficient (not always the same person who gave us our food, took our order and gave the check) I think they just share the work evenly which is what I prefer honestly.
Maybe if I wasn't vegetarian I would have been more impressed. Not much to choose from that wasn't salted or fried. Tofu satay appetizer was dried fried tasteless tofu smothered in heavy peanut sauce. Not tempted to take the leftovers home.
A group of us came here for a friend's birthday. They had all been there before me, but this was my first time.

Having never had Malaysian food before, I wasn't sure what to expect. To me, it tasted like a cross between Filipino food and Thai food-- right up my alley!

We had the famous pancake appetizer that was just delicious. Fiance likes bacon, so we decided to throw in some shrimp puffs (minced shrimp wrapped in bacon and fried), which were divine as well.

I was a little disappointed with the main entree I got though...beef rendang. I'm not sure if it was because I haven't been craving that much meat in a while (I've been on a chicken kick lately), but it was WAY too much meat! The first few bites were good, but after that...ahh!

The Malaysian iced tea was pretty good too.

I'd definitely go back and give a chicken dish a go though.
I've been to Chinatown countless times and I've always walked by this restaurant. I've never thought of trying their food and I regret not stoping by sooner! The Indian pancake with curry (appetizer) is thin, crispy and the curry is flavorful. I ordered the pad Thai which is slightly spicy, but I really liked it! My friend has ordered one of the rice dishes that came with white rice, chicken, and anchovies-- I personally didn't like it that much. The servers are attentive and the restaurant is very appealing to the eye. I'll come again to get the Indian pancake and try their dumplings.
This is my favorite Restaurant in Philadelphia. Perfect Balance quality-price. Their indian pancakes are just amazing and I've never had anything there that I didn't like. The service is also pretty good, they always try to help you to make your choice. The portions are also the perfect size. It would be the perfect restaurant if it was BYOB!
Came here with a craving for Roti after eating it at this place on the LES, and it was delicious!

We ordered the Roti Canal and the half hainanese chicken. I'm used to the chicken being served with a trio of dipping sauces (spicy, sweet, and ginger) but this just came with the spicy sauce. I'm sure the other sauces would have been available upon request, though.

Gotta try their ABC - a dessert-ish beverage made with shaved ice, jelly, red beans, coconut milk, etc. Very good!

Great price for the amount of food we got.
I remember the food at Penang being a lot better - but maybe I've just become more demanding. I went here for dinner on a Tuesday evening - there was ample seats.  The food here is decent - but it seems more mass produced than authentic. I've realized you know you are enjoying the food when you savor it - and when its just decent you eat quick and don't really pay much attention to the food.

I didn't take notes of the exact dishes but here's a summary

Appetizer - Roti with a meat/potato dipping sauce - Mmm.. The sauce was really good but didnt have much meat nor potatoes in it.

Main dishes:
- Sizzling seafood in a brown sauce - shrimp, scallops, and squid with vegetables. It was decent but not the most flavorful. This could have just as well been a chinese american dish.
- Mixed Vegetables with Tofu - This was good - brown sauce, might have actually been the same sauce from the seafood.
- Coconut rice with Chicken and dried fish - This was actually the best plate.

Not the best, but not bad.
this is my favorite place to get roti. it's always perfectly baked but i could always use more dipping sauce!

the spare ribs here are my favorite as well as the mango chicken. this place might be a bit more over priced than banana leaf which is down the street but it's worth it in my opinion.
This place was so delicious.  My friend and I started off with the Roti Canai (the first item listed under appetizers) and it was amazing.  The mango chicken was okay.. it was a little bit too sweet and tangy for a non-candy/dessert item for me. - but it could be because I did not have rice with it.  There is also a vegetable dish (Chinese watercress with shrimp paste) that was pretty decent, except it was a bit dry and flavorless.  What IS amazing though is the seafood clay pot!  It's really tasty and filled with goodies.  I would have your meal with a Malaysian iced tea.  It's sweetened just like Thai iced tea and just as good.
Average food; horrible service. There was a large piece of wood in one of the dishes my family and I ordered so we brought it to the attention of our waitress. When our waitress saw it, she just picked it out with her fingers and continued along her way to the other tables. Thinking that she was going to come back, my family just exchanged looks and waited. She never came back. When we called her over, she answered that "it's just a piece of wood that's in the dish." Yeah sure, we'll just pretend it's part of the dish and eat it. We were really more surprised than angry with the way she handled the situation. I was really hoping to enjoy my experience here after reading so many great reviews.
