Tonight Dear friend and I were delighted with both our platters. She had eggplant parm Id chicken parm - both came with pasta and salad and both were delicious 5/5 stars
On one of my solo days in Philly, I wanted to grab myself some breakfast but didn't want to haggle with parking or heading to downtown. I found Penrose Diner, just a couple miles away from our hotel. Decent parking lot, so not sure why others had such negative comments about it.

The restaurant is spacious, reminiscent of old school diners. No hipsters or fusion type food here. Just good ol fattening comfort food.  I was seated quickly and was warmly greeted and served by a very nice lady.  MInd you, many of the servers here were elderly ladies, friendly with their patrons, who appeared to be regulars. I like that kinda vibe.

The menu is extensive so I had to do my best to narrow it down so I didn't end up ordering three plates for one.  I got the deluxe waffle plate which had a full slab of ham, bacon, sausage and a belgian waffle.  I also got a hot chocolate cause c'mon, it's hot chocolate.

The hot chocolate was yummy, it probably had three packets of that chocolate magic, some milk and a shitton of whipped cream.  My waffle was good, though slightly undercooked.  Bacon and ham were good. Wasn't a fan of the sausage.

Not a bad meal at all. I would come back another time and opt for pancakes instead.
Penrose may just have become  my new favorite place to be a regular at.  Many people don't like the South Philly "attitude" of folks that work here or in the area, but I welcome it thoroughly. I like the "hon, honey, sweets, Toots" kinda thannnnnnng. Makes you feel like you're home on your couch or in your kitchen slicing up potatoes for home fries.

Penrose is warm, friendly, bright and a little hard to find if you have no clue as to where you're going. It's located in South Philly at the diagonal cross section of 20th Street, Moyamensing Ave and Packer Avenues.  The parking lot is small, tight and can take a few to find parking on any given weekend morning.

A little info on my guy, Luis and I::: We love food, eat out 2-3 times a week and are extremely indecisive. Sigh......We literally have driven around for a half hour because the other cannot decide what the heck to eat. Generally, when this happens we land at some Chinese buffet , then mad at our poor choice. Second option is a diner...simply because a diner satisfies all tastebuds. Luis loves breakfast and can eat it anytime of day.. I eat breakfast once a year. 

Anyway, we wound up at Penrose because we were seated at our usual spot, Oregon Diner and the waitress totally forgot about us...UGH!

Most diners have specials, but Penrose's dinner specials take the cake..literally. Dinners specials , except ones marked "complete"(mainly pasta dishes) include your entree, soup or salad, bread basket, glass of wine (red or white) and dessert. Starting at 15.99-25.99 . You just cannot beat that anywhere.

The specials looked amazing, but it was around 3pm and we had plans on cooking dinner later on in the evening.  I ordered the corned beef and pastrami sandwich that came with fries and Russian dressing.  This sandwich was fRIGGGING HUGE.....SERIOUSLY! I could barely fit it in my mouth. Meat perfectly cooked, just enough dressing and crispy fries. Amazing.

Luis ordered the Penrose Burger with fries. 1/2 lb burger with A-1 sauce , cheddar cheese and onion rings cooked medium well. Our food looked so damn good, a couple sitting across from us even commented on it. Penrose was packed but Laurie or Lori was fantastic. I think Penrose will be our new regular spot.
I've been coming here  five or six years and I have never had anything other than a good experience.
The wait staff are accurate, attentive, friendly and know the menu well. 
The food is served up piping hot with very nice sized portions. The entire diner is immaculately clean.
One of the really good things is that they have an on-site bakery that provides the pastries and rolls and cakes and cookies that are sold by the checkout counter. 
And speaking of the checkout counter - you don't have to wait for waitstaff to be free to ring you out like some places because they still have a dedicated cashier. 
It's the little things that add up that brings  both my daughter, myself and my significant other back here many times a year
The Penrose Diner is one of the three "old school" diners (the other two being the Oregon and the Melrose) in South Philly that I think of immediately when craving good diner food in the city.  It's been an institution for generations - my parents went there when dating, for example.  

It's also the most 'visible' of the three, as they are right by the Schuykill Expressway as it approaches the Walt Whitman Bridge, and they have a sign tall enough for drivers to easily see.  There's an exit nearby that takes you basically right to them.   

I've dined here I don't know how many times, hundreds? Thousands?  Over the years they've expanded and renovated, however some things remain constant:

1. Their bakery case is wonderful, with lots of cupcakes, cakes, pies and cookies.  Their coconut layer cake is a particular favorite of mine...mmmm....

2. Their menu has like 400 items on it, which is pretty typical for real diners.  Italian dishes, Greek, triple decker sandwiches, breakfast anytime, and things like prime rib, lamb, etc.  There are always specials.   

3. Service is always efficient, expect your  server will likely call you "hun" or "dear" as this is pretty standard diner service etiquette. Some of the younger staff haven't learned this yet.

4. The food portions are huge, and everything is pretty darn tasty.  

This last visit was a Yelptastic one as I was with both Dee M and Jessica W for a spontaneous early dinner.  It was FUN.  Our food was yummy, service was great and pretty quick. I got the chicken salad club, which was very good, chicken salad a little on the bland side but that's diners.  Jessica and Dee both made happy noises about their food.  Jessica got the turkey club, and Dee got something with steak.  

Of course I'm going there again.  It's the Penrose.
I'm sure I don't know what this "Penrose Diner Corp" title is about.   It sounds like an evil grilled-cheese conglomerate of the future. 

The Penrose I'm talkin 'bout is all the way out Penrose Ave., conveniently close to the Sunoco Oil refineries, the scenic sewage treatment plant of I95, and also en route to the airport. 

The food here is classic diner.  Cheap eggs, a variety of melts, combo specials.  It's all pretty damn good.  The waitresses have seen it all and you can't freak them out.   The variety of pies spinning in their plexiglass cylinder is dizzying, indeed. 

Easily the best Diner Grub in Philly, and much more fun than the gentrified, expensive versions of breakfast spots Sabrinas, the Glory, and the like.  Park on the street side and avoid the lot entirely.  and by the way....

How's ya mudda, hon?
I will only eat at two diners in the city....Little Petes in Fairmount & Penrose. I actually loathe diners. 
This one is pretty good. 

South Philly hospitality from the waitresses, cashiers and hostess. They are so sweet to my girls. Desserts to go and everything. We actually just had what my husband referred to as "the nicest waitress ever", Grace. She was outstanding!!!! 

The new renovations are pretty nice. New wood floors and tile bathrooms. The sunset on the right side of the place is actually really beautiful. 

Kids love the kid's meal, but also the super large Italian meals, which come with garlic bread, house salad or soup of the day, and choice of dessert, pudding (chocolate, vanilla, bread or rice) or jello a complimentary glass of red or white wine. The eggplant parm is this family's favorite. It's HUGE and perfectly crispy and thin. A portion could feed a family...and sometimes does. All of the portions are pretty large in fact. 

They give a nice basket with dinner of not only Italian loaf but spice bread and corn bread too.

Breakfast omelettes are huge and they have oatmeal as a backup vegan option! Woo hoo!  

Prices are fair. 

Desserts look amazing!! I've never tried any, but people I talk to, including my immediate fam, LOVED them! That red velvet cake looks to die for. The cannolis are STUFFED with chocolate chips and covered in powdered sugar. The tiramisu looks banging and the brownies are as big as my daughter's head. Black and white cookies and banana cream pies are favorites with my crew. 

They have daily specials and just recently when we went they had a whole pumpkin menu for fall...pancakes, bread, muffins, pie, cheesecake and more. Love that you can not only get standard diner food, but expect some seasonal goods too! 

A great spot for a quick bite in South Philly when you don't need anything too fancy. 

 Parking lots in the city are alway nice too.
Penrose is where its at!!!! The menu is awesome. You are getting a TON of food for an excellent price--oh yeah--and its all delicious! The service is good. I love a friendly waitress!! I went here alone one day and stayed for about an hour at the bar. I really enjoyed myself and felt totally comfortable eating alone there! I am pretty sure its 24 hours so thats a good thing to know for those late nights :)
Had a great and moderately priced (no longer cheap!) large lunch here (we took a bunch home).  Great service and tasty basic diner food.  Excellent soup.

I love diners!

Huge menu - eat breakfast whenever you like.
Nicer than the Melrose (IMO).  Food at Oregon Diner is a little bit better (also MHO).
My friends and I come here... Often, and late. Features of this diner that some other Philly diners lack:

Semi-secluded back room for us queer folk*
Friendly service
Ample parking
Delicious dessert variety
Cheese whiz. 


* note: this is where we like to sit. I am not saying they put us there for any negative reason. Just to clarify.
When you're hungry and it's late and you're looking for food the Penrose is an oasis in a desert of closed restaurants. This city goes to sleep like the rest of the Pennsyltucky and Penrose is still open. Thank you Penrose.  The people watching is out of this world! The food wasn't Sam Jacobson good, but it exceeded my expectations!
I am in love.

Saturday was my first time there, and I don't drive or know how to get there on SEPTA, but I think I have found my second home.

Good food, cheap prices, and you can have the world's most outrageous hungover conversations in relative privacy cuz the din is bearably loud. AWESOME.

And Denise, our waitress... she rocks!

I had a pepper and onion omelette w/American cheese and a side of Turkey Ham. Ron ordered "whatever has the most pork products", and Dimps (who refers to pancakes as 'Devil's Biscuits) had a Belgian waffle. Everyone was pleased, and breakfast with all our changes and substitutions, multiple beverages, tax and (generous) tip for three came to $47.
Went to this local spot for dinner after a long day of sight seeing in Philadelphia's our server, Amy, was great and the food was too. The place is very organized and very clean. It got rather busy as we were there. I positively would go back the next time we are in town. BTW the deserts were out of this world!
This diner was amazing! 
The staff is definitely reminiscent of old lady hair salons but in that really awesome, dingy yet charming way. Perfect for drunk times. 
The burgers are huge! Nice, fluffy, extra potato-y steak fries. Perfect drunk food.
Also, that French Toast was amazing I was forcing everyone else at my table to try it no matter how full they were. Seriously, people hated me for attacking their mouths with mounds of its fluffy goodness. I don't remember this so well though. 
Definitely worth the trek out here in future times out.
As far as diners go in the sad new Philadelphia world of Michaels snapping up every great landmark diner the Penrose is a gem.

They have a good location.  They have a good sized clean lot, they have a very clean and comfortable facility.  They have great South Philly ladies slinging the hash with a sweet but take no prisoners attitude.

Recently we went to the Penrose and had an open face turkey sandwich and a cheese omelet.  The turkey came with soup, salad and bread all of  which were fine, the omelet came with good home fries and toast.

The Omelet was fine, now the best but fine tasty cheese and well cooked, the turkey was great and it came with real gravy not that yellow stuff from a Heinz can. 

Service was fast and attentive and the place was nice and clean including the bathrooms.
Large restaurant with multiple booths and comfortable seating. Quick turnaround of tables so barely any wait. Clean restrooms. Friendly staff and excellent customer service with a smile. Amazing menu with multiple options. And they have a plethora of Dessert options!! I ordered the crab bake Benedict and it was delish! Basically all Crab and barely any breading!! You can see the chucks of real crab meat. Loved it! My dad ordered the waffle and it just melts in your mouth, so soft and fluffy. My mom got a slice of cheese cake, so moist and all cheesecake, no crust. Made with real strawberries you can see. They have small ones you can order to take home. Overall very warm and homey place. You can see regulars and first timers and everyone is smiling. You will definitely be pleased
This diner is ways from where we live but we were craving breakfast so we decided to try this popular spot out. It was about 4pm once we got there and after seeing the plethora of options here, we decided to opt out of getting breakfast. Boyfriend and I shared a French onion soup and disco fries. Both really good! For my main course I decided to get a tuna melt, bf got a burger. This is where the disappointment kicks in... let's start with my tuna melt. Firstly, it was delivered to me on two English
Muffins with tuna on top. The tuna was not seasoned. It tasted straight out of the can. There was a tomato on top and mozzarella cheese melted on it. Worse tuna melt
I've ever ordered. I got this because I thought no one could f*ck it up. But alas, I was proven wrong once again. I was really imagining a regular tuna melt in between white toast. My boyfriends burger was just bland. We really wanted to be wowed by this place, so we'll give it another try. But we definitely will choose cautiously or only get breakfast next time.
I rarely go to the same breakfast place two weekends in a row.  I just like to spread it around.  But for some reason today, after having the Penrose last weekend, I began dreaming about them this weekend.  

Now, why would I be dreaming about them?  For some reason, I really love their oatmeal.  

I know what you're saying... "But Steve, you're such an elite Yelper.  How could you allow yourself to be so influenced by such a common food?"  

OK, I know you're not saying that.  I'm not even saying that.  I acknowledge that going to a place just for their oatmeal is weird.  What you need to know about me is that I'm a guy who likes to have a little oatmeal with my breakfast platter from time to time.  it's just something I do.  And for the most part, diners don't put too much effort into making good oatmeal.  It is what it is.  

Penrose puts some effort into making their oatmeal taste creamy and sweet.  It might not be your cup of tea.  But to me it's indicative of trying to go an extra mile with your food, something else that a lot of diners don't always do.  

Plus, I love the hash browns which are always crisp on the tops and bottoms.  I love the bread baskets which you get with dinner (as my good friend Michelle hinted at  earlier, getting banana bread in the basket is like getting an additional unexpected treat before dinner).  The omelets are generally well made.  And the coffee generally tastes like good coffee should.  These things matter to me, and they don't always happen at other places. 

Yeah, maybe you get an occasional grumpy waitress. It's just the personality.  I'll never forget the time I was sitting at the counter with my eggs and bagel, and heard one of the more "experienced" waitresses talking with the regulars nearby about how these kids today walking around with their pants down around their asses are ruining the world. 

You see, that's why Bill Clinton has stopped here before... the personality!
Ah, Penrose. Let's face it - if you're a South Philly native and you're looking for a diner with parking available it's either this place, Oregon Diner, or Melrose Diner. Penrose, you rank third on that short, biased list. 

Where do I begin? They've recently remodeled, which is nice, but I enjoyed the older look better. And with remodeling, I suppose, comes an array of varmints that scamper across the floor and dive through cracks in the walls while you're (trying) to enjoy your meal. That's always nice, right? Nothing says "Bon Appetit" like a 4" mouse darting from one side of the room to the other, maybe even trying to jump a little and sample your food. Mmmmmmmm. 

Anyway, pests aside, this place is pretty bad. They should have commodes placed beside each booth or table because chances are, whatever you just put inside your body is going to try and escape like an inmate from Alcatraz, and swimming across the Pacific Ocean won't deter him. Everything they serve is basically a colonic. I don't know how they prepare their food but whatever they're doing isn't good. Really. It's all very unhealthy and it leaves you feeling like you've been shot by a tranquilizer dart. 

This place is good for sopping up some alcohol after a night of drinking when quality of food isn't quite you're top priority at that given time. It'll sure help move that alcohol out of your system!

But, in all seriousness, this place has really gotten worse over the years. It used to be better. I don't know what has happened, but it's taken a turn for the worse. 

Go ahead, explore the city, and find someplace else to eat. Or stay home and make yourself an egg - at least you'll know how it was prepared. I have no clue what's going on in Penrose's kitchen. 

Also, if you plan to order an appetizer and entree, expect the entree to follow 3-5 minutes after the appetizer arrives. 

Eat at your own risk. Oh, and bring mouse traps and Swiss cheese.
Atmosphere: 
The parking lot of the Penrose Diner is small. It can be hard to find a parking spot. Even if every spot is taken, the diner is massive, so there are probably seats inside.

The inside has plenty of booths, tables, and a full-length bar, plus a large bakery case.

Coffee: 
The Penrose Diner serves locally brewed Lacas coffee. It was brewed hot and fresh, and the waitress refilled it often. I have no complaints, and it was great.

Food: 
We arrived around breakfast time. The Penrose Diner serves everything from breakfast, lunch, and dinner. There are a lot of interesting dinner options I want to try.

Since it was breakfast time, I ordered the steak and eggs. I didn't order the "T-Bone" but instead the regular steak and eggs. (The T-Bone was 16 ounces). My meal came with steak, two eggs (I ordered scrambled), toast, and potatoes.

The meal was good. I ordered my steak rare, but it came out a little bit more cooked than I preferred. That being said, it was a typical diner meal: plenty of food. I was happy with my choice.

Service: 
Our waitress was friendly, and our food came out fast. 

Overall Thoughts/Would I come back?
I liked the Penrose Diner and would go back. I'm interested in trying dinner.
I had to find something local before catching my flight back home. Trusty Yelp says Penrose Diner is the best choice....and Yelp is right, once again. I like how this is a no frills diner just like how I want it. I don't want gimmicky diners with menus that goes on forever. Give me my basic breakfast at a diner and I'm happy. The ladies servicing my table is fast and borderline rude. I don't mind it because I'm use to things being fast paced. Yes I want my complimentary juice. No I don't drink coffee but please consider my party's coffee.... Server walked off before I even finished my sentence. She knew what I meant and I'm okay with that.

Food: I personally had the french toast and it was fluffy and flavorful without being overbearingly sweet. Yes thank you. Friend's eggs benedict was okay. He personally enjoyed the Virginia ham, but I didn't find his order to be anything special.
Met my father here for dinner on Mother's Day and was happy there was no wait. The Penrose was easy enough to get to from 76 and gave me a straight shot to the Platt Bridge to get home. The parking situation was a little tight even with the diner not being full. You may need to find street parking which is pretty ample near by.

Our server's name was Rocky and she was the best. They had a special Mother's Day menu but even the regular entrees looked like great deals. As others have mentioned you get a choice of soup or salad, your entree, two sides, a glass of house wine and a dessert. 

The bread basket was very nice especially the cornbread. Little squares of moist cake like consistency. My salad would have been better had I chose a different dressing. I had the Greek and didn't like it. My father had the veal cutlets. He was in heaven and said he often dreams of it which is why we were here. I had the crab cakes and was disappointed. 

I can't speak to how they may normally be prepared but what I got were really fish cakes with crabmeat mixed in and none of it was lump. The flavor was lackluster except for the mustard emulsion but there was just a drizzle of it. I liked my mashed potatoes and the gravy ( I was given a choice between chicken, turkey or beef) much better and the green beans were very fresh but unseasoned. Our bill was just under $50.00 for a good portion of food and with all the different options it's worth checking out.
Of all of Philadelphia's "true" diners, this is my preferred. Granted, it is a pain in the butt to get to, and even for South Philly, parking is not always easy in their cramped lot.

However, whether it's weekday dinner specials or weekend breakfasts, the diner is upbeat, busy, and has all the qualities one should expect from an old-fashioned eatery.

The food is what you would expect. But as so many Philly diners haven't met those aforementioned expectations, Penrose holds its own.

WARNING: Do not go at breakfast, otherwise you'll feel like you're trapped in deleted Sopranos scenes.
As the previous poster mentioned the NY/Jersey area is full of great diners, some better than others...some you just walk in, eat and walk out forgetting about it 10 minutes later.

Not the case with the Penrose.  Real close to where I live, it's become a great addition to some late nights on the weekends as well as breakfast Sunday mornings..  You wouldn't think it at first but the Chicken Cassidillas here are definitely worthy of praise.  Any omlete you can't go wrong and the chicken parm wedge (sorry) "Hoagie" is around the good/average range..Great staff
Disappointing to say the least. We went on a Saturday morning. It was busy but there wasn't a wait. Our server was awful. We ordered and waited, and waited, for our food (which I know isn't our servers fault) but once the food came out it was cold which lead me to believe it sat for a long time which is probably our servers fault. She didn't bring us our juice after we asked numerous times. We both ended up gagging on the pile of coffee grinds at the bottom of our cups. I am definitely more disappointed with the service than the food. I think the food could have been okay if it was warm. Not sure if I would want to try it again...maybe we'll check out the dinner menu.
It's really hard for a diner to impress me since I tend to have high standards for everything, but Penrose was pretty darn close to meeting/exceeding them when it comes to diners.

As we drove by around midnight, we noticed everyone on the street appeared to be migrating toward the corner diner. The window booths all seemed full, so we were intrigued. 

I had a really hard deciding since most of their menu consists of comfort food, but ended up getting french toast with ham and eggs. The french toast was unnaturally fluffy and flavorful, played up with some powdered sugar. The slice of ham was slightly browned; totally great.

My friend ordered the chicken ceasar salad and she got a nice sized salad for $10.95.

Our waiter was very attentive; we got everything relatively quickly without feeling rushed.

Definitely a good place to satisfy your nighttime munchies! *

*Friday and Saturday nights. They're only open until midnight during the week!
I ate there twice on my Philadelphia trip and both times it did not disappoint. Get ready to eat because their portions are HUGE. Their omelettes are to die for! I had the greek on letter feta and egg whites and my friend had the Tuscan and both tasted insane and so large that the omelette barely fit on its plate. They came served with a mountain of crispy home potatoes and bread. Get the French fries, just do it. The French onion soup was slurp worthy and was so flavorful and had tons of melty bubbly cheese. Their Greek salad with added chicken was ginormous and honestly one of the best I've sampled in a long time. I'd go back just for that. And my friend's burger...so good that I'm not gonna lie...I was a bit jealous I didn't order it for myself. You must try their gin drink special made with pineapple. It's refreshing and went down way too easily. Come with an appetite because the portions are super duper big. Penrose Diner is an old school dinner dishing out home cooked goodness that just hits the spot! I had took away one star because we asked for separate checks both times but the waitress forgot and it was a cluster  trying to get the cashier to split the check into 4.
What a low-class move. I come here with groups and eat periodically with no problems. Today I am here studying for finals in nursing. We are sitting amongst  14 empty tables. We were getting ready to order paninis when a young guy comes over not so nicely and tells us we are only having coffee and must leave. Not cool.
After partying a little too hard on Friday, we got our butts out of bed and headed to South Philly Taproom for dinner around (8pm).  After a good meal, I was really in the mood for some cheesecake, so we broke out super phone (my iPhone) and googled best cheesecake in Philly.  Yahoo answers came up with a result, saying Penrose diner.   After some resistance from my girlfriend about going to a diner for dessert, I convinced her that diners usually have great desert items such as cheesecake, cherry pie, etc...

We were seated in the back of the diner (which is huge) and were greeted by our server.  We told him we were just here for dessert and we both ordered cheesecake (one with cherries and one with strawberries), and my girlfriend had to test my judgment real quick by asking, "do you make the cheesecake in house?", our server responded, "yes we do and its very good".  

The cheesecake lived up to the hype, it had the perfect texture and a great taste.  The only thing better than the food, was the server, he may have been one of the most personable servers I have ever had. He was a little older and partially deaf.  At one point when he walked away, my gf actually said, "he is so sweet, he just warmed my heart a little bit".

After finishing our dessert we left Penrose with feeling like old folks ready to go to bed at 11pm on a Saturday night, but we had full bellies and warmed hearts.
Quintessential South Philly.  "How many, hon, two?" is usually how they greet you, big hair and all.   My husband has been a fan of PR for years..he usually gets breakfast special #1, which is delicious and a bargain.  Today we were there for lunch.  My wedding soup was fantastic, and our bread basket had BANANA bread in it! That sounds strange, but it was yummy!!! If you're looking for a place to dine before or after the Phillie's game, you can't beat Penrose.
I came stumbling in at 2 in the morning after a night out in Philadelphia and Penrose Diner provided all I needed to end my night. First off the staff was wonderful, they treated a group of loud, buzzed fools with nothing but class and respect. The waitress was helpful, friendly and more than accommodating.

Food was good, standard diner menu, ranging from classic breakfast items to steaks and burgers. I kept it simple a nice order of eggs sunny side up, potatoes and corned beef hash. All cooked to perfection and so tasty.

Worth a visit at the end of a long night especially if you're staying in the hotel across the street. Buzzed comfort food at its best.
Flew into PHL and came here before driving out to Virginia. 

I have to say that when I walked in, I was pleasantly surprised! The inside definitely did not look anything like I was expecting it to look haha! Gorgeous interior, it sort of looked like a high class diner to me. I mean, it definitely doesn't look like your typical diner on the side of the road. Very clean and also pretty spacious.

We were here for breakfast, loved the selection on the breakfast menu. Its always hard for me to decide what I want for breakfast, but this place made it easy with all the basic stuff and you can do additional add ons of meats and sides for less than $5. The menu was the perfect size. I ended up going with the French toast with a side of bacon. Wasn't the best French toast, but the portion was pretty big for the price I paid. Orange juice came with the meal too.

Service was good! 

If you need a quick breakfast and are in the area, skip those chain restaurants and come here.
i go here with my best friend about once a week. its the perfect place to take her bc shes very loud so she fits right in. no one stares at us bc theyre too busy having loud conversations themselves. 
the food is good ole fashioned diner food. the prices arent over the top either. sometimes i feel like diners will charge an arm and a leg bc they know theyre just about your only option late at night. not so here though. i always stick to the cheapest stuff on the menu bc im broke but ive seen their other dishes and man oh man they look great... and huge! only thing ive had that i didnt really like were their pancakes. i like big fluffy ones and these were more on the crisp/bread-like side. the cakes and pies they have on display are incredible looking. i just want to shove my whole body into the case and lock myself in until im done eating everything inside. 
the staff are friendly considering its a 24 hour diner in South Philly... you can only be so happy working in this kind of environment i would think.  the diner itself is nice too, its clean and has good lighting and the colors arent visually insulting. 
my fav thing though is that they have the old school diner bills/checks. no new computerized bill/check, fuck that. hand written with a carbon copy, sweet.
First time here. My daughter comes here with friends in this neighborhood. Place is really nice, well lit parking lot that always has a lot of cars. That should tell you something about this diner. 
The Tuscan Panini I ordered was scrumptious. Everything on it I enjoy, roaster red pepper, spinach, nice chicken breast, provolone cheese melted on nice thick toasted bread. Yummy' served with crispy fries. The service was quick and the waitress made sure everyone was happy. Would go again for sure.
My brother took me here on a Saturday night and I'm not usually a diner person but here's why I give this five stars:

- the food came out ridiculously fast.
- the selection is amazing! You can order anything from waffles to steak to spaghetti.
- portions are huge! We got sides and bread and were partially stuffed by the time our entree came out.
- our waitress was an absolute doll!

Would definitely come again!
Great service. Food came out fast. I had crab cake salad. It comes with 4 good size small crab cakes. Very delicious, no fillers, not dry at all. Perfectly broiled not drenched with mayonnaise so you can taste the sweetness of the crab meat . The salad is fresh with boiled eggs,and sliced cucumbers.

The BLT sandwich is triple decker, very good to with perfectly cooked crispy bacon and light layer of  mayonnaise. The French fries is perfectly fried, very crispy,  and not soggy or hard at all
BED BUG WARING!!!! A south philly landmark.... I've been going there for years, many memories at this place. I went there with my wife and two close friends last week for a bite to eat, it was the first time I've been there in a few months. The first thing I noticed was that the entire place has been remodeled, it looks really nice, very impressive! As we were eating, I happened to look at the side of our booth where it meets the window, and what I saw was two BED BUGS!!!! I immediately told everyone at my booth to get up fast and check their clothes. Our waitress came rushing over to see what was going on, the waitress (I'll leave him nameless) asked me to please calm down and try to keep quiet, and that they have been having this problem! They voided our check, and we left! My message to everyone is this, how arrogant is the management at this place that they continue to stay open as they are battling a BED BUG infestation??? If you bring one of these things to your home, you are doomed!!! So after I left, I did some investigative work of my own, I found out from a family member who is the exterminator for the penrose diner, that the reason they remodeled the place is to try to get rid of the BED BUGS, obviously it did not work!!! This place is an absolute mess, brown mice run wild as you are eating, roaches occasionally join you for diner at you table. But the bed bug issue is the worst! I would advise anyone who eats there, to stop immediately, the management does not care about their costumers, as long as they make their money, they don't care of you bring bed bugs home! Board of health should implode this place!
MEH. Service was terrible. Too many side conversations and an "customer comes 2nd" attitude. First time at this diner and when we walked in we walked to the front desk and had to wait until the male greeted and server were finished with their side conversation before he acknowledged our presence. Once seated our server took her time to finish a side conversation with all the other servers to come get our order. Food came out quickly and was hot but the menu was boring and dated. If you're a senior citizen 65 and up this place is perfect for you.
Upon entering Philadelphia on a Saturday shortly before noon, a stop was made at Penrose Diner.  I wasn't sure what to expect and thought we might have to wait.  To my surprise, we were quickly shown our way to a table.

Our waitress was friendly and helpful with our questions ("What exactly is pork roll?").  I chose the Number 2 Breakfast Special with the infamous pork roll.  The Special also included both juice and coffee.  I was pleasantly surprised at how tasty the pork roll was and how perfectly our waitress had explained it ("Kind of like spam but not really").  

I was very impressed with the efficiency of Penrose.  A party would leave and the table was immediately cleared and set up for the next party.  I was also pleased with the affordability.  I would definitely stop by again.  

I deducted one star only because of the bathroom situation.  For how big this establishment is, there should be more bathrooms available.  So don't drink a lot of coffee because you will likely have to wait in line.
A few years ago I would have sworn that the best Philly diner breakfast came from Broad and Ellsworth, but since they're no longer in business I need to pass the buck to the Penrose.

For years I was an Oregon Diner girl. It is a hop skip and a jump from my house and I always found something to hit the spot, especially in the morning, but lately I have been having nothing but horrible experiences there. The Penrose, on the other hand, is becoming my favorite local diner.

If you can get across the million way intersection without getting killed you won't be disappointed. To be honest I have NEVER eaten anything other than breakfast here so I have to base my judgment off of that.

Only once did we ever get a rude waitress and it is better to sit at the counter, especially on Sundays after church hours. The meals are filling and don't dig deep into your pockets. I have never had to send anything back so that's always a good sign. 

In all it's a great little place, and if we can get our friend Billy to clear his plate then it must be good.
Guest leave closer to dawn than I prefer, try to sleep in, but my stomach is rumbling and it demands breakfast stat! Certainly not in the mood for waiting with the cute people, I need nourishment now. Head south my friend, were going to the Penrose. Penrose is a good diner, it serves good portions of good food, nothing fancy, nothing ill prepared. Eggs, french toast, and various breakfast meats served exactly as you expect them, no fusion and no surprise twist. Comforting when its most needed. all the flavors are right, enough cheese on omelet, french toast is moist. 
If it weren't for Johnny, it would have been a a good deal all around. Johnny was the gentleman who was seated behind us, after us. the waitress said to us "give me a few minutes" and preceded to go to Johnny and take his order. After making sure Johnny had coffee and was comfortable, then she came to take our order. Johnny's food came out lickety split, while we waited and waited. Johnny had finished his breakfast before we got our food. The only time the waitress payed any attention to us, was to ask to take away our bottle of Tabasco to give it to another table. I get it, we are in south Philly and I am not a regular. I am polite and a good tipper, and if you had made me feel a bit more welcomed, I might be back on regular basis, but now not so much, unless i am starving and in need of good omelet stat!
Penrose Diner is about a 5 to 7 minute drive from the NovaCare complex, Lincoln Financial Field, Wells Fargo Center and Citizens Bank Park, 

I didn't know what to really expect about this Diner. But when I was in the area I desided that this where's the closest place to eat to where I had to go. The Diner is nice. This is huge selection menu of breakfast. The waitress was very nice and polite.. Good prices.. Good food. Had 2 eggs, with home fries, toast, scrapple, coffee and orange juice. Enjoyed it all. Came out in no time. Parking was easy. 

Look forward to coming back in the near future...
Penrose has quickly become our Go-to diner when we want a quality meal with the convenience of not going too far! The staff is great you almost feel as if you're an extended family member . My last visit I ordeee the chicken cheese steak with fries and the server suggested I substituted the bread for a wrap, what a great decisión ! The wrap was tasty not too much cheese just the right amount of fried onions and the fries were crispy and delicious.
They were welcomed as soon as we walked in the door. The waitress was on point an was super attentive it not overboard. Food was fresh and delicious. Chicken cutlet sandwich with roasted peppers provolone and Spinoza.  And I had a pastrami and rueben club sandwich.  Sooo hood
This is one of the nicest diners you'll find in Philly. The bakery section is amazing and fresh and everything is made in house. This place gets really packed on Saturday and Sundays for breakfast and lunch so the parking lot fills up quickly but there is street parking.  The breakfast menu is the basics, just what you expect. The omelettes are really delicious and huge - you will definitely be taking half of it home. The pancakes are also big, golden and fluffy. from the hostesses to the waitresses to the busboys, everyone is very kind. I must mention that this diner is also very very clean. I will definitely be back!
I must have drove past this place a million times when going to South Philly.  We decided to stop in for dinner before our Wells Fargo show.  

There is plenty of parking.  The inside looks recently upgraded.  Very nicely decorated. 

Plenty of mouth watering desserts at the front entrance.   

We were given a basket of tasty bread. The cornbread was made on site and we are every crumb. So yummy


Hubby had the crab imperial.  It was a Portobello mushroom stuffed with real crabmeat.  It had a side of baked potato and asparagus.  He also had seafood soup which I ate and loved.

I ordered a salad which had chicken, strawberries, cranberries, lettuce, blue cheese and topped with a vinaigrette dressing. 

We definitely had large portions.  We took half our food home.

For dessert hubby tried the bread pudding.  He never had it and LOVED It.    I had the chocolate pudding and scrapped the bowl.

The waitress was really nice and helpful (which I remembered her name).  She made us feel like her only table.  

What a pleasant surprised.  This place is great and I will definitely be back. :)
I've been coming here since I was a kid. This place is the quintessential diner. The only thing better than a Penrose breakfast is Penrose dinner at 3 AM after a night out at the bar. 

Don't be afraid to try anything on the menu. It's all really good. The chili and French onion soup are absolutely excellent! Their cheesy tops are the gooiest most perfect food ever. 

For breakfast you should try the south Philly omelette. My fiancé swears by their scrapple as well. Don't be afraid to add onions and cheese to your home fries either!

The only thing I've never tried are the desert from the glass case, but that's bc I never have room!

The waiters and waitresses are friendly and fast. They give you the impression that they have seen it all but my guess is that's because they have.

All in all, as far as diners go, everyone who REALLY knows, goes to Penrose.
Nothing special....just regular diner food.  
The staff needs training in taking food orders and being courteous to patrons.  I ordered ONE egg with bacon and cheese on a toasted bagel.  I repeated it twice.  Meal comes.....it's TWO eggs, with cheese NO bacon.  When I tell the waitress I ordered ONE egg, her response is they only make 2 eggs and it's the same price for one or two eggs, so just take one egg off.  Oh and I'll bring you some bacon.  Have you ever tried to separate two eggs that are attached to a bagel with cheese!!!!  Asked that the home fries be made well done.  They were covered in grease and grilled to a point that you could not 'fork' them....hard as a rock!  And that was just breakfast!

Then we decide to take some pastries home.  The 'warden' who oversees what is going on in the front of the diner actually gave me a dirty look and kept staring me down because I asked that the pastries be placed in a box rather than a paper bag.  She was really not nice and not very friendly.  I didn't want to embarrass my nephew, so I kept my remarks to myself.

We didn't learn our lesson and found ourselves stopping here for a late dinner.  My nephew couldn't finish his meal.  The waitress asked if he wanted to take the rest home.  He said, "yes" and handed her the plate.  She takes the plate and says, "I have some spare time, I can box it for you"!  Sorry, we are not from Philly....didn't know the patron is expected to box their own food.  Sorry we didn't.  She smashed the bread into a container way too small for the amount of bread.  And she was the one who suggested we take the bread!  

I think the staff needs to take some happy pills!  At the very least some training on how to treat the patrons that they want a tip from!
I like that when you walk in here you have to check the wall calender to see what year it is. 1988? 1965? Freakin' timeless in there. Example 1: The friendly hostess with hair-sprayed-up hair who calls everybody "Hon" and "Honey." In my mind's eye she had blue eyeshadow on but I'm fairly certain my brain just added that untruth. But I'm glad she was there welcoming everybody. Classic diner character.

Variety is why I love diners, and this place definitely has it. You can grab an under $10 breakfast + cup of coffee. I ordered the half moon mozzarella "sticks" and they were a little bland (as was the marinara sauce that it came with) but decided it was probably more of a low-salt thing they had done. 

Food is decent but nothing to write paragraphs on. The people who come here, work here, etc... THAT I could write paragraphs on. In a good way. Come here if you don't feel like standing in line for 1.5 hours at your brunch spot.
My bf and I went to this diner for some breakfast on our first day in Philly. It was a nice little homey spot. I tried the Philly omelet which was very tasty. Service and cleanliness was very good.
I found the Penrose Diner under the diner/ comfort food category on Yelp.... And it truly is just that. As other reviews have mentioned, you will indeed encounter that South Philly charm from the hostess to the waiters. It was quite entertaining to watch the interaction between my fellow patrons and the employees of this venue. Our waiter was attentive and accommodating with our late night order despite the chaos of a holiday weekend. The food was about what you would expect in diner food with portions large enough to take some home. The variety and choices within the dessert case were calling my name... I resisted the urge as I had already succumbed to an order of disco fries. Maybe next time.
Went here on a busy Sunday morning. The seating arrangement was pretty disorganized. The host sat us down at a booth and then a few seconds later said we had to get up because another waitress was keeping the table for someone else. Overall the diner looks renovated and is also very clean and spacious. The food tasted great and service was friendly. Would go back for breakfast.
I travel to Philadelphia often from Florida. There are very few diners in Florida so when I travel up north I try to get a good breakfast at a diner that's not IHOP or Denny's. The food in this location was great and so was the service. I loved the Philly cheesesteak omelette and it was amazing. It is near the airport which is even more convenient. I will definitely be going there again.
This diner was REALLY good. Great breakfast options. Our waitress sat us promptly and gave us enough time to decide what we wanted. She took our order and our food came out in almost less than 10 minutes, and we ordered eggs Benedict and home fries; and a Belgian waffle. So our service was GREAT for breakfast on Saturday morning! :) 

Only thing is that if you have a car there are not many parking places. We were staying at the crappy hotel across the street so we just walked.
Best scrapple ever!  Now before you turn up your nose, I'm a native South Jerseyan, which means that I love scrapple!  My grandparents used to make it for breakfast, and I remember eating it when I'd spend the night.  So for you out-of-towners who act like it's not good, it is salty, grey, breakfasty goodness - and you don't know what you're missing!

My friends and I stopped at Penrose last Friday night after catching a movie at Riverview.  I had a taste for breakfast food, so I opted for the short stack with scrapple.  The pancakes were HUGE and cooked to perfection.  I don't eat pancakes often, so when I do, I need them to be delicious and these didn't disappoint.  Now on to the scrapple - it was fried perfectly.  So perfectly in fact, that I considered ordering more (it only came with one slice), but I decided not to as the summer is rapidly approaching, and I'm hoping that my waistline will thank me for it.

Definitely my favorite Philly diner!
This diner is my absolute favorite. Each time we come here, the food never disappoints. I ordered the Tuscan omelette, home fries, and an English muffin. Each component of my meal was cooked perfectly. The ingredients were fresh, the food was hot, and the service was quick. The portions are also a decent size, so come hungry. We came here around 9:30pm, perfect diner time, and the staff still gave us the best service and food! From the bakery, I took home a mini chocolate mousse cake. It was truly one of the best chocolate cakes I've ever had (and I've had A LOT!). The cake was moist, fluffy, light, smooth, and chocolatey. However, it wasn't too rich! I can't wait to come back and try something else on the menu, along with another dessert!
One of the best larger diners in the city: quality food, quick service (once you're seated), and homey, south philly family vibes from all the workers. Very packed on Sundays, so expect a wait or at least 15 if you're a party or under 4, and longer if otherwise. 
I got the steak and eggs- steak was meh, diner quality but for the price (20$) not too shabby. Eggs were cooked perfect, and there was a heaping serving of home fries. Will return for brunch again another day!! But, will probably stick to an omelette.
Their chocolate milkshakes are outstanding. Cost: $6.49

Worth it.

My buddy had an omelette. He was surprised and pleased with the taste.

No bargain prices here.

The facility appears to have been recently updated.

Dusty chandelier at the entrance. Everything else looked good.
I liked the french fries but not the $14.57 'it comes with french fries' price.  Over 3,000 google map reviews, the place was full and am pretty sure no one went specifically for the cheesesteak.   The mushrooms spent time on the grill.  The rest of the cheesesteak was standard.
This was easily the best diner I've ever been to! A dessert case filled of big, beautiful desserts greets you when you first walk in! It was spacious and clean, the service was great, and the food was amazing. They were able to make a Turkey Gobbler Sandwich for me with a side of cranberry sauce even though it is no longer on the menu. It was a generous portion of perfectly cooked comfort food! The long roll that held the stuffing, turkey, gravy, and cranberry sauce was evidently from a local bakery. So fresh and homemade tasting! For dessert, I chose to take a chocolate covered cheesecake to-go. All in all, my meal came to $18. Not bad! I'd happily return to try the club and more of the tempting desserts!
This place is a classic diner! I don't know how we've been Philly residents for such a long time without visiting this staple! Penrose was packed, full tables, and amazing food! The portions were a nice size and the service was great, even with it being particularly full! Coffees and waters were constantly filled, and we were checked up on frequently. This was the first time we came here, but as I always say about places we enjoy, this won't be the last visit! In the mood for brunch, and some great food, head over to Penrose Diner.
Bad service. I had to shout my order over a table of 6 people to the server on the other side because she wouldn't come around to take each of our orders individually, or even move towards us in the slightest bit.

Several of my coworkers ran out of water and no one ever came around to check on us.

On top of that, they don't have any vegetarian options. No veggie burger, no veggie wrap or sandwich option. WTF? How hard could it be to have One Option.

I will definitely not return. And neither will my coworkers, since we'll all be at a restaurant that actually has something I can eat.
Today me and my lovely girlfriend visited Penrose Diner for a quick bite to eat. There's nothing like eating at a place that makes you feel at home. The vibe of this place is really relaxed and laid back.

Penrose Diner really knows how's to throw down on the breakfast, that has always been my favorite part, but today I was feeling more on the dinner side of things. Here's what they cooked up,

This amazing dish is called: Dijon-Herb Crust Salmon, with a side of mashed potatoes and a California vegetable blend. 

They also offer you a complimentary glass of Wine, with your choice of White or Red to go with your Salmon. Personally, I was not a big salmon eater, but this dish got me hooked. So if your feeling the love for some good salmon while your touring the city, check out Penrose Diner at 2016 Penrose Ave, Philadelphia Pa, 19145.
I was so disappointed in my experience at the Penrose diner. I have been in Philadelphia for business for 2 weeks, and was just craving some real food, not fast food or take out. I figured there would be no place better than a diner. I was in at about 8 by myself. I was seated in a booth by the front register. My server came over, not a hello how are you but "what are you having". I replied that I wanted a soda and I wasn't sure what I wanted to eat yet.. I got an eye roll and she walked away. After coming back with my drink about 2 minutes later I still wasn't ready, but decided on some breakfast items just to get my server to stop hawking me. 

My food came out fast, and was good, nothing to write home about.. It was the fact that I was sitting where the servers congregate and gossip/talk about how much they hate their jobs that was really disappointing. 

I had high hopes for this diner, since it seems highly recommended, but after the way that the staff behaved, I don't think I will be back.
I've heard a lot about the Penrose Diner from my colleague at work who loves comfort food. He praised their seafood platter, especially the crabcakes. Crabcakes from a diner? It was worth a try, so I ordered the fried crabcake sandwich. Okay, it is a good tasting imitation crabcake (are there bits of real crab in there, too?) that is very well-seasoned so you don't care if you're eating the real thing or not. I give it a passable grade. I would eat it again. My kids shared a cheeseburger. My eight year old thought it was delicious. "Mmmm, this is the best burger I've ever had!" he said with a smile. The meat was certainly quite good. The burger itself was big with generously cut tomatoes, onions, and fresh lettuce. I would definitely get that next time. My girlfriend's turkey club sandwich was good, too. Good, solid comfort food.
I found Penrose diner on Yelp and on various websites about dining in Philadelphia and since this diner intrigued me, my boyfriend andrst night in Philadelphia.

It looks almost identical to your typical diner with comfortable booth seats, a refrigerator with cakes rotating inside, and a menu with typical diner food. However, there was just something about this diner that sets itself apart from many of the diners I've been to.The décor is very simple. The diner is truly spacious and comfortable to dine in. Our waitress was very nice. I just wish I remembered her name because she was very friendly to us and even kindly answered any questions we ha

Our waitress brought out a bread basket for us, butter, and our drinks.  Our food took a little while for it to come, but as soon as it hit our table - we knew it was all worth the wait because after attempting to finish our dinner -we were actually happy campers!

So I ordered the Chicken Francese which came with a choice of a soup or salad and it was freezing cold in the diner; I opted for the Shrimp Bisque.  The Shrimp Bisque  was creamy and had baby shrimp in it (not the best kind of shrimp).  The soup had a little too much salt in it.  The Chicken Francese was scrumptious! The chicken was moist, tender, and just absolutely delectable. There was only two pieces which was just enough. The rice was moist and I love how it was drenched with the lemon and butter sauce because it gave the rice extra flavor and gave it a buttery taste. 

My boyfriend had a dinner special which consisted of a cup of soup or salad, his main entrée which was Lobster Ravioli, and a plate of dessert and he chose Jell-O. This special came with a glass of wine, but he substituted for a soda instead. My boyfriend had the Chicken Bowtie soup which looked really healthy and hearty.  I really enjoyed his soup because it was just the right amount of salt and flavor. The chunks of chicken was tender and it was just a really good and hearty soup. His Lobster Bisque looked amazing and it came with a slice of garlic bread so he can drench the bread in the warm, red, and creamy lobster sauce. 

Man... that experience of smothering a piece of bread in the sauce and having that first bite - is just...total foodgasm.  He gave me three pieces of the lobster ravioli and I absolutely loved it. The ravioli was cooked perfectly and just amazing. I've never had lobster ravioli before and I'm glad I got to sample a bit of it. My boyfriend made an excellent decision in ordering his dinner that night. 

Good food and good diners are hard to come by. I must say Penrose Diner is a true gem. Food is amazing here. Staff is truly friendly and welcoming here. I highly recommend coming to Penrose diner for a nice and cozy comfort food dinner.
I hate diners. HATE them. But I make an exception for Penrose and Melrose. 

I basically come here once a year after my Grandfather's walk. It's always on a Sunday around 10. It's always PACKED. The line to get in is always cramped and cranky. You are shoved like sardines in the foyer. Everyone seems cranky and impatient....the guests and the employees. 

This time we waited the least amount of time ever and we had a fabulous booth in an area where we've never been seated before. 

Our server seemed inexperienced but he looked like Carson Wentz so he got points for that. He got the job done and was polite. I think he'll do well with some time under his belt. He was much nicer than the cranky females barking orders around us. 

The food came out slightly slower than normal but nothing major. The food was hot and delicious. There were five of us and we got pancakes, bacon, creamed chipped beef and egg sandwiches. The bill was $70 without tip. Kind of expensive if you are expecting bottom dollar diner prices but I would rather pay more for better quality. 

The bathroom is single stall so it takes forever to get in. It was clean and it smelled good though so it was worth the wait. 

Pepsi products...boooooo. The OJ was good and is offered in various sizes. 

We wanted bakery items on the way out. It was still a clusterf$&! We stood there waiting and asking who was going to help us. Apparently a hostess called out and a waitress was managing so everyone was frazzled and it was apparent. We almost walked out but we practiced patience. The woman ringing people up at the register was miserable and very unkind to the gentleman in front of us which made me sad because he was happy and nice. 

Decent atmosphere and food but their bedside manner definitely needs some work!
Decent diner, the place is at least very clean. As for the reviews, as diners go, it's nothing more special than your local diner. Food was ok, I had a cheese steak, wife had a turkey burger, and kids had chocolate chip pancakes. Everything was seasoned well, and I'd order the food again if we went back.

Our server was friendly, but she wasn't very attentive. Minor things that she missed is why I'm giving them 3 stars. 

1- forgot one of our requests. I had asked for some ranch for our fries. She came back 3x and never remembered. We didn't try reminding as we were pretty much done eating the first time she came around.

2- didn't refill our waters. These are the basics, so was surprised she neglected to give refills.

3- wasn't very helpful come dessert time. We ordered a decent amount of desert, and figured that'd be worth some attention, but she took longer than it would have taken us to get it ourselves from the service counter.

4- water not refilled still... after desert it's nice to wash everything down with some water, but no luck here.

I'd of thought with how much we spent and how much the tip was for she'd make sure to deliver good service.

Not a bad place, but I'd bet your local diner serves up what your looking for, as this place isn't that special.
Ordered the London broil special. Includes 2 veggies. My companion and myself both ordered this. We asked for double broccoli. The waitress just wrote down the order. Saying nothing about our choice in vegetable. When the check arrived we were charged an extra $8.00 for the broccoli. We asked the waitress what the charge was. She said they don't serve broccoli. So she charged us to make it a la carte. We should have been informed that broccoli would be an up charge. We paid extra and didn't receive the vegetables we were entitled to or the included dessert. We didn't argue. We paid. Left me feeling very uneasy about the place. I found this to be a little shady. Food was ok, but I'm pretty sure we won't return. Bad customer service.
I needed to find a good place to take an out of town guest for lunch near the Holiday Inn, in South Philadelphia.  After searching all over the area, I decided, based on the reviews, to try the Penrose Diner.  It was a very nice experience.  I ordered a hot turkey with gravy & stuffing, with mashed potatoes, with an included veggie choice (I chose succotash).  This had to be the BEST hot turkey platter I've ever tasted.  The stuffing was amazing. The turkey was moist and tender, and the gravy, perfect.  Also, had a cup of soup (included in the price.  I had New England clam chowder, which was perfectly delicious!  Next time I'll get a big bowl, it was so good.   I'm a rather healthy eater and usually can devour anything within reach.  I have to say, I was very filled and satisfied.  (yes, I ate everything)!
The wait staff were all friendly and we will surely come back again.   South Philly is known for great food, and this diner reflects that reputation.
Once again, my sisters and I enjoyed a post-flight- into- Philadelphia lunch at the Penrose last week. Service was excellent and our food tasted great. I ordered one of the lunch specials that included dessert. Of course, I chose rice pudding, which completed my meal in the best way possible! Will be back next time I fly into Philadelphia to visit family!
Last week, I partook of a 7 AM power breakfast at the Penrose Diner with a group of business associates.  It was a snap finding a spot in their spacious parking lot.  The dining room is quite spacious, and we sat in the back at a large table.  The coffee was rich and satisfying, and my breakfast platter of scrambled eggs, rye toast and sausage was hot and delicious.  Service was excellent - responsive but not intrusive.  Price was very fair.  Penrose is an excellent diner - check it out next time that you're in South Philadelphia!
Penrose is the diamond I've been searching for in the Philly diner rough. First off, it is absolutely worth the hike from Center City (if you have a car). We came here on a Saturday morning around 11am and were seated immediately. The space is clean, updated, and has plenty of seating. The menu is HUGE. I decided on a ham and cheddar cheese omelet. Dining Partner had a bacon and American cheese omelet. The home fries that accompanied our omelets were of the shredded variety and were cooked to perfection. To top it off, service was great. Our server was a sweet little thing who kept calling us "dear". I can't wait to come back and try the beautiful desserts in the front cooler.
Great service! Food was delicious!  Waitstaff were super friendly and attentive.  It was a nice atmosphere. Pennrose is still by far my favorite diner! The chicken crocquettes were so wonderful and the bread!! Don't get me started. I love hanging out here.
Quite sad really. I.show up at 11:38 pm and the doors are locked. Call and ask and they say they lock.doors 20 minutes before.midnight.I truely wonder if the owner knows they do this. It says open until Midnight on the sign. Since when does open until midnight mean open until 11:40 PM?? I am pretty sure whoever owns this establishment would say that this is not their policy. A major concert going on at the Wells Fargo Center and a hotel across the street and you are the only establishment that serves food in the area and you close early and lie about policy?? Sorry you get one star and that is ONLY BECAUSE I CANNOT GIVE YOU ZERO. We will check tomorrow with management to see if this is actually policy. If it is you need to change your sign to say open until 11:40 PM...
Love this place!  Whether you want breakfast, lunch, dinner or late night snack this is the place to go!  I have yet to order anything I don't love!  And if you go try the salmon with crab meat!  It is to die for!!  Chicken parmigiana is incredible and huge!  You won't be disappointed.
This is diner eating. Their home fries are the best, the service is better than most diners and they have ample parking. You will not be disappointed.
So many fond memories of this place.  I've spent many 3 am's here trying to be proactive about my eventual hangover.

There's so many reasons to love this place.  No matter how crowded it is, I've never had to wait.  The dining area is huge.  The staff is one of the best in Philly.  How any human being can be nice and cheerful at 3 am dealing with a bunch of drunks is beyond me.  This staff though always has a smile.  They also get stuff done fast.  I'm usually in and out in 30 minutes.  The food here is awesome goodness.  The perfect stuff to deal with your hangover.  The menu is huge for late night making selection a daunting task.  I've been there many times and have never once left disappointed or unsatisfied despite the huge selection.

Get yourself down there and give it a go.  It is, in my humble opinion, the best diner in the Philadelphia area.  It is especially fantastic when you are coming home from the airport after spending hours on a plane.  Makes you feel right at home.
Where do I begin, should I talk about the shitty food or the shitty service?To begin the hostess sat us by the front door , now I'm Anemic it was raining earlier so their a breeze by the door. I begin to shiver so I asked if we could be move over to another table. The hostess proceeds to roll her eyes and grabs my husband water and says follow me .and then we were seated with another seat. Next we attempt to order our food after several tries our Waitress takes our order- now at this point I'm a little frustrated but I smile at her tell her thank you . Our waitresses comes back with the completely wrong food and then as I'm about to take a bite of my food she then proceeded to snatch the food out of my hands and sticks her nose directly into my food claiming to be checking if it had the right sauce. Now we are totally disgusted at this point but decided oh lets just give this another chance. As I go to bite into my wings their  a fucking hair in it. I'm disturbed at this point and ask for the check. My husband gets up to go to the bathroom and the waitresses is literally stalking us to see if we're going to pay the bill meanwhile my husband comes from the bathroom and we began to chat about our day. As I look up all of the waitresses are watching us intensely so we get up to pay and the same hostess from the beginning comes up at the same time  and stands in front of us and blocks the exit as if we were going to dine and dash and hovers over us as we are paying. Then we were completely over charge for the wrong dish, wrong size drink and the wings with hair. My husband pays and we go to the car as we are getting in the car we glance up to see our waitresses giving us a dirty look. Needless to say WE WON'T BE RETURNING!!!! SAVE YOUR MONEY!
Racist! & if you been there for an long time they take their word over the customers and I'm an regular customer and i only come order an Togo because of the food but the atmosphere is weird and then on top of that the employees steal fries out the rail and eat them.
I have been coming here for years.  I think I have tried everything on the menu and it's all good but my favorites are eggs and crispy scrapple for breakfast and the open faced turkey sandwich for lunch/dinner/ late night snack.  The cheesecake is always excellent and the staff is great.  Also, plenty of parking.
I NEVER do this since most of my reviews are 4 star or better. PLEASE, please, PLEASE bring back the traditional home fries and not these sliced thin steamed potatoes. Remember how you would boil the potatoes and then kind of cube them up and then finish browning them on the grill top. That was love. Other than that (which is huge) the link sausage is good and the toast and the Lacas coffee and the servers are ALL so sweet, I need a shot of insulin and don't even need their banging desserts. Not that I ever get pancakes or waffles but please have actual syrup and not the artificial syrup in a package. Overall I love this place. The food and the vibe but just a couple of slight adjustments. Instead of being arrogant and telling me revenues are unchanged and in fact up, please keep in mind that most people just leave and don't come back and I am trying to make a great place even better.
Places like this always seem to have the best food! I met some old friends there for lunch and I regretted having a large breakfast earlier that morning. Their food looked so good! I ended up just having a bagel with cream cheese and coffee, but even that was good. The decor of the place is awesome and the cakes they have on display as you walk into the place likes your mouth water like a river, LOL! One of my friends had stuffed mushrooms with crabmeat and I wanted to steal her plate. She was fiercely hungry and asked the waitress if it would fill her up. Yeah, she ended up only being able to eat half the meal and bringing home the rest. The staff working there was great and I have no complaints. Our waitress was very nice and took real good care of us. I'll be back for more whenever I'm in Philly!
Always have good service here, my favorite is the Belgian waffle w/ fresh strawberries and whip cream!
Total Ripoff, and an Embarrassment to Philadelphia!

Amazingly, the ticket for a horrible cheesesteak sandwich and cup of coffee ran over $17.00!

This used to be a good place for breakfast years ago.   But now, Penrose just rips customers off with absurd prices and substandard food.    

One has to admit that it's hard to screw up a cheesesteak in Philly, given the multitude of competition...with legendary places like Delassandro's, to lesser known eateries with equally great sandwiches like Crown Pizza.   

The Penrose cheesesteak tasted like the meat had been pre-cooked much earlier, was over-salted, and then reheated just before being served.   

Ironically, this was supposed to be the "replacement/make good" meal for my first choice, which was the Beef Stew special of the day.     The beef was beyond salty - begging the question as to why Penrose doesn't understand the rampant health-dangers of using excessively high levels of sodium in food preparation.

After an embarrassing table visit by the manager, who offered the switch to the cheesesteak, he neglected to alter the price (which would have dropped to around $11 - still ridiculous for a cheesesteak, but less than the price of the beef stew).

When I brought the discrepancy to the attention of the cashier, I was told it was my tough luck!

Also insulting: I ordered home fries, which were dry and needed brown gravy....usually a glad-to-provide staple of Philly and Jersey diners.   Not here.   I was told that if I wanted gravy, it would be a separate order charge!

I want to patronize and support mom and pop restaurants as opposed to chains.    But Penrose treated us like dirt.    The food wasn't good, and they just didn't care.
Last night I took a friend out to the Penrose Diner,
And must add that my friend suffered a stroke five years ago.  
Not knowing his physical limitations, the process of getting to the front door was challenging.  With the help of a passerby and the staff of Penrose we were given such royal treatment.
The food was great, as always!
A special thank you to Chris and Mark from Penrose.  You guys are amazing.
This place was awesome. In town and staying near the airport for a weekend hockey tournament. Hard to find restaurants close by and in areas you might think twice about driving thru to get to. Our hotel is off of Penrose and it was a straight shot over the bridge. Food definitely met expectations! Boys had chocolate shakes and French toast.  Husband had huge serving of chicken parm. Someone had amazing omelette with hash browns and myself and another lady had a great club. We were so full. No room for their amazing desserts. I thought the prices were extremely reasonable. Michelle our server was great. The place is clean and very large. We will definitely go back.
Breafast is their main dish! have yet to try the ribs after they put in the new oven! Service is great, but owner has a tendency to be a bit rude at times. The place is spotless! i am sure this diner rotates its food in the kitchen! Only downfall i could see is that what i consider to be there forte (breakfast). the price is a little high. After all it is just eggs and potatoes? but do not let that deter you. They can improve on their coffee. No matter how you fix it, it still leaves a bad after taste so you may want to bring in your own from DD or McD's!
Large parking lot. Open late/early but doesn't seem the safest, especially if you don't know the area. Close to the Philadelphia airport. Staff is pleasant and friendly. The food was really good, especially for dinner food. 

We had a sausage omelette, which was a fantasticly large portion, a turkey club with very fresh turkey, Asian wings, and a cheeseburger. The wings were cooked well and the sauce was different. Coffee was decent and properly hot. 

I'd come back but likely at a better hour. It's a bit sketchy at 530 in the morning.
I was pleasantly surprised by this place. I thought this place food wise would just be a glorified Denny's, but it isn't exactly. The breakfast was tasty. I ordered the Greek omelet and my husband ordered the french toast and both were great! 

Service- Top notch service. Our server was a really sweet lady and she was very attentive. Great customer service. 

Ambiance - This place was so immaculate! It was extremely clean and tidy. I used the bathroom and it was a beautiful bathroom (hey these things matter!) 

Price- Very reasonably priced and the portions were generous

I wish they offered cappacinos/lattes, but they did not. I could see why because the clientele did not seem like they would order stuff like that. Also, the juices were not freshly squeezed or anything like that. Overall, I would come back to this place if I were ever in this area and looking for a decent breakfast.
I frequent the Diner weekly either for breakfast or dinner. I have always had a pleasant experience the food is always really good and the service it great. There is generally not a wait even though they are usually packed. The menu is really large so there is always something that will catch your eye. Their creamed chip beef and eggs benedict are AWESOME!
There's this kind of rivalry in South Philly between the Oregon and the Penrose. The normal friendly down-to-earth crowd usually like The Oregon, and the snobs who think they're of this higher echelon tend to frequent the Penrose (they're really not high class people...it's just that "I live in Girard Estate or Packer Park so I'm better than you" mentality, meanwhile they're really living in their families' property off their families money that they inherited...that's a whole other story in itself.  Lots of that in South Philly...don't be fooled.  If you really were as high class as you think you are, you wouldn't be living on Porter Street, so relax with all that).

Anyway, I haven't been back to Penrose since I was served raw, veiny chicken in my chicken ceasar salad, and my friend had hair in her eggs.  We got up, left our food on the table, and walked out.  Left a $5.00 tip for the waitress, of course, because we're not ghetto or trashy like that.  I strongly recommend The Oregon over Penrose.  

I guess people think that just because they're paying inflated prices for diner food, that it somehow makes the food taste better?  You're delusional if you think so.

Penrose is nothing but overpriced SLOP FOOD.
The food this place serves up is tasteless and certain things are inedible.  I had the spaghetti and meatballs.  Not sure there was any beef in the meatballs at all. Sauce was lousy as well. Girlfriend had the meatloaf and couldn't even eat it.  Waitress didn't seem to care.  Probably happens all the time.  We will never go back!
My friend took me here one night for some late night noshing and it was pretty good.  The service was fantastic!  Our waitress was super nice and very attentive.  I got the grilled cheese with fries and a slice of cherry pie for dessert.  Good, traditional diner food and the place was large and clean. Can't complain...and would definitely go back if I'm in the area.
Best breakfast I have ever had. I recommend the Penrose for breakfast any day of the week. Scrapple and pork roll were outstanding. The eggs were made exactly as I requested. The waitress was very pleasant and helpful. A truly great breakfast with a business colleague. 
Will be back again and again.
A good/great Philly diner, clean, consistent food quality &friendly staff. Prices are standard/competitive.
Breakfast, lunch or dinner, large menu.
The pastries are the best at Penrose! I think I'm in love with their cheesecakes! Great place for breakfast! Nice staff and fast service!
I love this place. I had a bad taste in my mouth for diners since it always seem like you can only get breakfast food and that's it. My favorite meal is dinner and I could never find a diner with good dinner food,  well thank goodness for this place. Everything I've had so far has been delicious and that bread basket is amazing. If you're in the neighborhood I would definitely recommend giving it a try.
Great breakfast! Real hash browns, homemade hollandaise on the eggs benedict. Portions were generous & prices were good. Scrapple was tops, too.

Some on here have complained about the wait staff--I saw no problems. Our server was prompt & friendly (and quite patient w/ my kids--a real plus!).

We're in town for one more day & we're going back!
A busy diner where  some guys looking like wiseguys stood in front, they sit you right away, and throw a plate of slop at you.  Almost stereotypical diner.  

OK, maybe I am exagerrating.  Plates are huge.  Nothing healthy to speak of.  It is the quintissential greasy spoon type place.
