Excellent meal!! Excellent service (by the head chef himself)! Fabulous presentation! This was my first time eating Filipino food and I was all around very impressed! I had Perla bookmarked for awhile because of its convenient location on Passyunk Square, the fact that's it's BYO, and for their stellar reviews, but didn't see any veg menu items so I had never actually visited. A friend's birthday came around and she insisted we celebrate here. Who was I with my picky ways to argue? Much to my surprise, some of the words describing the meals I didn't understand, were in fact vegan!! Woo hoo! Sorry it took so long to get here, but it was well worth the wait. 

To start, the a la carte menu is only available Thursday, Friday & Saturday. The KAMAYAN (Family Style) is only available on Wednesday & Sunday. We dined for a la carte, although I hear the Kamayan is where it's at. I already suggested it to some of my more adventurous foodie family members. Looking forward to hearing how they enjoy their fresh fish spread layered on banana leaves!

We started with the brussels, which were topped with fresno chili, calamansi (member of the kumquat family) bottarga (salted cured fish roe- we asked for this to be held for veg purposes). Delish!! Big enough portions for one of two apps to share between three hungry ladies. 

They also ordered the Spanish octopus with sweet peppers, atchara, red pepper, escabeche. Said to be so delicious and unusually crispy! They loved it! It was a nice chunk, which looked perfectly lightly fried. 

Meals ordered and split were the Adobo (duck breast, ube, mustard green, pickled kumquats, adobo jus) and the Pinaputok Na Isda (barramundi aka a sea bass, lemon grass, long hot, tomato, vidalia stuffing, fried cauliflower, soy-cane vinegar). Both were very well received! 

I ordered the Laing with meaty celery root, patty pan squash, long beautiful fiddlehead ferns, collard greens in a radicchio-laing broth. It was absolutely wonderful with complex flavors. It was a fabulous, filling vegan meal! I especially adored the deep sauce and the fact that they serve fiddleheads, which I rarely see this far from Vermont! I also enjoyed tasting celery root for the first time since traveling Iceland. Yay! Love when foods transport you! 

As if all of this deliciousness wasn't enough, we went for dessert! I had the most sinful tasting chocolate coconut panna cotta presented beautifully with tiny edible flowers! It was gorgeous! AND, I couldn't believe it was vegan! It had a wonderful coconut flavor and a decant chocolate one too. It was creamy, thick and rich. It was excellent! I savored every single spoonful! I have been craving it since this night and swear I'm headed back there soon, with or without company to indulge in his this alone with some red wine. ((Currently craving!!))

The others went for the traditional Filipino rice cake topped served in a cast iron skillet with a salted duck egg atop. The egg prepared this way is said to be like a savory creamy cheese of sorts. They loved it! 

They also presented my friend, the birthday girl, with some beautiful ube (purple sweet potato) ice cream with a candle. This dish is usually served with Nutella flakes, but since she's nut-free, they remembered to eliminate it for her. 

We were all so overly impressed by our experience here! It's a special one for sure! Not to be missed for you more foodie folks out there!
World, it has been 5 days and I'm still irrationally upset that I forgot my leftovers at Perla. 

6 of us went for the traditional Kamayan Sunday Dinner ($40 pre tax and tip, byob, and yes they accommodate vegetarians-she got extra different vegetables!). 

Banana leaves cover the table and an unreal amount of food is spread (nay, piled) in front of you.  Mountains of rice, piles of vegetables, whole fried fish, half chickens, generous dollops of chicken liver and sauce for incredible lumpia spring rolls and thick cut pork belly lechon. You eat with your hands and I dare you to not be a sticky mess by the end. It's impossible because the food is so good and the atmosphere is so fun and with your hands covered in rice no one is checking their phones and all focus is on the food, wine, friends, and all the hot waiters and hot chef and where did all these hot people come from? The Philippines apparently. 

But I digress. It's an awesome fun experience if you're not one of those meat and potatoes must eat with a fork and knife types. The food is delicious and you will have enough to each fill a giant takeout container.  And hopefully you won't make the worst mistake of your life and forget them at the restaurant like I did. RIP My Perla Leftovers.

Definitely want to come back for regular meal service but I also want to come back for another Sunday dinner...
Beautiful restaurant and the sweetest staff, but the limited and somewhat adventurous menu kept me from feeling the five star love everyone else seems to be feeling about Perla. 

My two girlfriends and I had reservations for a Friday night at 8pm, and the restaurant was packed. We were seated at a roomy, comfortable table by the open window to the kitchen. Ice buckets were delivered for our many wines, and champagne flutes and wine glasses were produced. An amuse bouche of a delicious corn soup was served. 

We ordered the octopus and mackerel to start. I had a bite of the octopus which was nice, though didn't partake in any of the mackerel as I'm not a fan of this fish. For the mains, we had the prawns, duck breast, and bone marrow fried rice. I transferred a bit of that rice onto my plate before my friend scooped the bone marrow on top (I know, I know - I'm basic with my proteins!). I thought the prawn dish was just okay but I was happily surprised to find that I really enjoyed the duck and especially so when combined with the rice. I didn't partake in dessert but they looked very nice. 

I'm curious to see how Perla's menu changes over time and with the seasons. Perhaps the menu when I went just didn't mesh well with my tastes. I'll keep an eye out because I'd love to give this place another shot sometime. If you are into what's on the menu, definitely give Perla a shot because you'll probably love it as much as everyone else!
You know it's a good sign when you and your friends leave the table content, satisfied and raving about the food. We were singing Perla's praises all night -- I am pretty sure it's top five Restaurant week dining experiences for me in Philadelphia.
Tucked in a cozy row home with an inconspicuous entrance, I wasn't sure what to expect except that it was good per yelp ratings and that it's Filipino inspired cuisine. I did not have a lot of exposure to Filipino food prior to last night, but this place is definitely worth trying. It is Filipino with a modern take, so even the most conservative of diners will enjoy eating here. Now, I don't know if this is comparable to the authentic Filipino food that you would get at home, but I am totally in if it is!

SERVICE: 
no qualms here. the waitress was pretty on top of filling our glasses, checking in on us and setting up our food as needed.

MEAL:
First course -- 
Arctic Char: tangy, reminds me of sashimi, which I enjoyed.
Spanish Octopus: table's favorite because the octopus was well seasoned. The peppers are not spicy either so you could eat the whole dish.
Bicol Express: roasted carrots, cauliflower, and squash paired with yogurt. Pretty classic and delicious.
Sisig: an assortment of pork jowl, pig ears, chicken liver, chicken hearts, long hots, fried egg etc. It was very hearty.


Second course -- 
Pork Belly Adobo: table's favorite. The pork belly portion was perfect...do I need to go on?
Beef Cheek Kaldereta: very tender and flavorful. This dish reminds me of beef stew.
Pancit: chitarra, prawns, brussel sprouts, snow peas, carrots, celery leaves. It had a lemon-y taste and was very light.
Rohan Duck Breast: my personal favorite since the duck was on the rare side and not dry, YES. I could not get enough of the coconut and lemongrass broth that I dipped every bite with it LOL

Dessert--
Flan: very creamy and fresh. This is the best flan I've ever had...I am coming back for the flan!!
Ube: I believe this was the meringue. My friend's loved this but I wasn't blown away
Bibingka: rice cake that is similar to chinese 年糕 or korean   which I'm obsessed with. Also definitely worth coming back for.

This restaurant is very cozy and intimate sized so make sure you get a reservation in before everyone else discovers this place!!
I came here with a group of friends on a Sunday afternoon ready to feast and that we did. We made a reservation for the kamayan style dinner where the food are all laid out on the table and consumed with bare hands. The restaurant is tiny so reservation is a must. The service was phenomenal but the food took longer than average to come out. 

For our kamayan feast, we had roasted chicken, fried whole fish, crispy cubes of pork belly, lumpia, and coconut vegetables all on a bed of garlic rice. All this also came with some house sauces- vinegar based and liver based. My favorite was the fish. It was so well seasoned and well cooked. The vegetables were cooked in this coconut based sauce and really blended well with the garlic rice. The rice was more on the al dente side but still good. We capped off the feast with chocolate coconut pudding. We also got a complimentary sample of ube mousse. 

Overall, a very unique experience that I would highly recommend trying at least once. At $40 per person, it's on the pricier side but worth it for the experience.
Kamayan Dinner Review: First off it is definitely worth the experience and you must try at least once. So go make your Sunday or Wednesday night reservation lol and don't forget to bring a bottle! 

The dinner is $40 per person. I recommend using open table to make your reservation.

The food was delicious. The table is set with banana leaves and then the chef comes out to start laying down the food. The garlic fried rice is first next the vegetables (bok choy, okra, eggplant, and green beans) then the meats. Our party of 7 people received two whole chicken cut into 4 halves, three fish, pork belly cubes, and lumpia (egg rolls). The chicken was moist, fish was meaty, and pork belly was super crispy. There's 4 sauces to accompany the meats, all of which helped enhanced the flavors. The portion was very decent, we ended up taking about 3 boxes of food home. After bibingka is served as your dessert. 

The server was nice and attentive. The chef explain each item and how it was cooked as he places it on the table. Now I need to go on a regular day to see the al la carte menu.
tl;dr a modern, upscale take on a Filipino cuisine, complemented by the option to BYOB

As is the case for most Passyunk restaurants, Perla's unassuming outside doesn't do it justice. Only a barely visible sign even indicates to you its very presence. Built into the first floor of a townhouse, you walk through the front door of what seems like a residential building, then open up another door to the left. Wooden two-seater tables line the walls, and an open-kitchen concept is situated toward the rear of the floor. Perla opts for a modern mid-century decor with its minimalistic whitewashed walls and hardwood floors. Angled accent lighting illuminating an otherwise safely traditional wall mold. Meanwhile, the all-glass front is a portal to the bustling Passyunk Square. My first visit, I had the opportunity to try the Kamayan Family Style meal (served Wednesdays and Sundays): Sinangag, Pinakbet, Chicken Inasal, Pampano, Lechon Kawali, and Lumpia, all served on a banana leaf covered table. Everything was so fresh and authentic, that I've been itching to come back and try Perla's a la carte menu.

And I had that opportunity this past Friday. My partner and I picked up a few craft beers from across the street, then headed in for our 6PM reservation. Immediately, the scents of stewed meats and seafood greeted me, and my belly was rumbling even before the hostess escorted us to our table. The restaurant was full but not packed, filled with a low buzz of conversation. Service was attentive and friendly, with our waitress happily putting out beverages on ice and thoroughly answering any questions we had about the eclectic menu.

I started off with a calamansi juice, which was fresh and sweet, almost like the child between lemonade and orange juice. As we awaited our appetizers, our waitress brought out fresh cornmeal bread. This was the perfect appetite whetter: with a crisp outside and pillowy, warm inside, it was so buttery it (almost) didn't need the side of butter. For our appetizers, we shared the Spanish Octopus and the Paksiw (vinegar-cooked pork). The octopus was perfectly cooked -- the batter was light and crispy, and the meat itself soft. The plate was decorated with two vibrant sauces: a chili sauce and a soy sauce. The pork was stewed with banana hearts. The result was a soft, robust pulled pork with banana hearts that took on the flavors of the pork fat and gave the dish a nice starchiness. My partner and I split the Pork Shank Kaldereta, the Pinaputok Na Isda (an oven-cooked barramundi), and the Siningag (garlic fried rice) for our main course. The pork was stewed and served with a tomato-based. While the dish was overall flavorful, the pork felt a tad tough. Meanwhile, the barramundi was flaky and tasted distinctly like the banana leaf that it was cooked within. The soy vinegar that it was served with, though, brought the dish to another level. The garlic fried rice was enormous and served with bone marrow to mix in. While the marrow was a pain in to get out the bone, and the rice ended up lukewarm when I finally got to try it, the very garlic-y, crispy grains of rice went well with the sauces from our entrees. Finally, we decided to finish with the Ube and Babingka desserts. Ube is a purple root similar to a yam. The dessert was actually a subtlety delicious ube parfait, complemented well by vanilla-bean macarons and freeze-dried ube. Babingka is a coconut-milk rice cake. It had a chewy, with a cartelized exterior reminiscent of creme brulee, and topped with salty preserved eggs. While my partner wasn't a fan of the egg, I thought that it was a nice contrast to an otherwise overpoweringly sweet cake.

Our meal rounded out to $110 after tax and tip -- definitely on the affordable side for one of the better dinners that I've had in Philly. Perla is arguably the best Filipino food that I've had that isn't in the Philippines, and it's definitely worth the trip out of your way to South Philly.
Probably like a good number of Americans, prior to dining kamayan style at Perla, the only Filipino foods I was familiar with and had eaten were pinakbet (a vegetable melange), pancit (noodles), lumpia (a kind of spring/egg roll) and halo-halo (a dessert). 

Our group of cronies has a mutual friend, Stan, who tries to get us together at least every 2-3 months for what he calls a Food of the World meal. Stan's pick for this culinary junket was Perla; specifically their kamayan (eat with your hands), untensil free dinner which they offer every Wednesday and Sunday. 

Since I love eating with my hands and even do it in places where I have silverware and am expected to use it, this sounded like it would be an interesting get together, especially since some of my fellow diners are prissy germophobes.

First thing to know is that Perla is a tiny place. Having said that, it's wise to make reservations if you plan to eat here, especially for the kamayan meal. 

Second, it's byob. The folks are quite decent and don't charge a corkage/handling/pouring fee, either. 

Third, this is a kind of "event" meal that I believe is best enjoyed with a group of 6 or more. I would not do the kamayan dinner with just one other person, though I am sure people have come here and done just that. To each their own.

If you read the other reviews, you'll pretty much know the general set up. Banana leaf covered table, first nibble an interesting bread roll, pan de sal, nice and hot from the oven It reminded me of corn bread but also had somewhat of a consistency of a Parker House roll. First thought is, "Mmmm. Nice warm roll." Then a hint of tanginess, like a yogurt or fermented sort of taste. Carb pig that I am, I would have been happy to have had an entire basket of these goodies but that was not to be. One pan de sal per man, and then on to the rest of dinner. 

As we sat and chatted, exhorting each other to go to the Gent's and wash hands, the banana leaves were strewn lavishly down the length of the table with a moist, garlicky jasmine rice, then topped with pinakbet. These vegetables are cooked down in a coconut milk base and I recall eggplant, long beans, mushrooms, bok choy, okra, maybe tiny tomatoes. Nestled into that mix is lumpia (Filipino egg roll)-lots of them-and then comes the proteins-quartered chicken, whole fried fish (we got pompano) and cubes of pork belly. The custom is to scoop up some rice with one hand (it's rude to eat two handed) specifically first 2-3 fingers, make a rice ball or patty, press some protein and/or veggies into the rice and then pop it into your mouth, using the thumb as activator for this feat. 

House sauces come with the dinner. There was a liver/date mixture (I passed), banana ketchup, a soy type sauce, a vinegar/chili sauce and a mango-jalapeno sauce which I found to be most flavorful. The sauces are in small dishes with serving spoons. Correct etiquette is to spoon the sauce onto your food-no dipping. 

There was at first the silence of people settling in to do some intense eating, then a lot of laughter, friends feeding each other, toasting and discussing the best way to make balls of rice for food scoops. For more than 2 hours, we quite literally feasted until we were beyond full.

I don't eat pork belly so I can't comment, though it all vanished, no help from me, in a short span of time. I found the white meat on the chicken to be very dry and not much salvaged with any of the house sauces. Parts of the fish were moist (pompano is flat like a flounder), other parts quite dry as well. 

Just eating lumpia (yep, I went for as much as I could get away with!), scoops of rice and the luscious, meltingly tender pinakbet was perfect for me. One of our group was making very short work of all the chicken he could reach, dry or not. 2 other dining pals were advising everyone to "turn those fish over-there is plenty of edible flesh on both sides." 

The staff were welcoming and hospitable, water glasses were being constantly refilled, we were told repeatedly to just ask for anything we might need and we all felt more than sufficiently looked after.  

Just when some of us were discreetly loosening belts a notch or letting out the drawstring on a pair of linen shorts, out came dessert. Small glass dishes of a chocolate and coconut pudding with a nicely contrasting sprinkle of sea salt garnish. No one refused this treat. 

Would I go back to try the other, non-kamayan dishes? No, I don't think so. 

How about recommending this to other friends? That would depend. Given the dryness of the chicken and the fish, I'd alert them first about that but I would certainly add that if what they really wanted was an unusual, ice breaking, one of a kind sort of food event that would have everyone laughing and eating more than they thought they could, this is the perfect spot for doing so.

$40 per person buys you good feelings and camaraderie as well as Filipino family style food.  Who could say no to that?
Got a last minute invite for dinner here tonight, which happened to be their grand opening! Opening nights aren't the best impression sometimes as restaurants are still working out their initial kinks, but everything was on point at Perla! Our server was attentive and our dishes came out at a steady pace.

They served a four course prix fixe menu for $45 per person. We started off with the Spanish mackerel, which reminded me of a very mild ceviche - and a complimentary bread course with a Filipino classic, pandesal.

I had the Lechon Kawali for my second course, which was a savory plate of Berkshire pork belly. There was a nice pickling of the vegetables on the side that kept the dish from feeling too greasy or heavy. 

It's always a treat to get perfectly cooked duck and Perla's rendition of a duck adobo was amazing. We rounded out the meal with a delicious coconut panna cotta with pistachio dust and citrus purée on top.

Yay for upscale Filipino food!
Walking through south philly where tons of restaurants sit, this place makes zero effort to stand out. The sign was obscure and you wouldn't guess that nestled behind the doors that made me feel like I was walking into my own house lied the greatest feast I have ever had! 

Prior to arriving, we had made reservations for a table of 6, we asked for 4 to be added, and the hostess made sure to personally call me back to let me know that they were only able to add 2 more to the reservation, which ended up being perfect because two of our friends canceled. 

I love how this place is BYOB. I strongly advise to drink heavily before you start eating because once the chef starts spreading the garlic rice, piling on fish, chicken, vegetables, and Lumpia on banana leaves in front of you, it'd be hard to focus on anything besides the food. Idk which item was my favorite, all of the food was cooked to perfection! 

It's also the company that makes this dining experience so great. Be sure you come with a good group of hungry friends! We even got the chef to take a picture with us! 

My only recommendation is to offer a seafood kamayan for more $$ option. The price is a bit steep but the experience is worth it! 

Btw: the bathroom is super clean and cute!
I was here with a 3-some ... for a friend's farewell gathering.

We were short on farewell time and was able to get the restaurant week tasting menu ... off restaurant week!  Thanks, Chef!

Between the 3 of us, we got:

Sisig ($18): Pork jowl, pig ears, chicken liver, chicken hearts, long hots, fried egg 
Spanish Octopus ($18): Octopus, sweet pepper, atchara, soy, kalamansi (tart!)
Scallop Ceviche ($15): Scallops, rhubarb sinigang, sea beans, radish, fresno chili
Lamb Shank Kare Kare ($26): Lamb, bok choy, eggplant, sweet bagoong, peanut-annato
Gintaang Hipon ($22): Head-on Prawns, acorn squash, sweet peppers, coconut lemongrass
Bistek ($26): Hanger steak, romanesco, cipollini, fingerling potatoes, soy calamansi

Ube 
Bibingka
Flan

I really wanted to like it more, but I felt the food was a touch fancified and overpriced. Sure, it's an modern, upscale take ... but something felt lost in translation.  It's not the hearty, flavorful comfort food I yearned for ... that said, I DO want to come back to try the Kamayan option!

(Note, you can request omission of (insert type of protein) in the kamayan option!)
Update:

Kamayan: 5 freaking shining stars. A friend was grim-eatered back to childhood family gatherings, and a sense of camaraderie (and fun - especially after a couple bottles via BYOB) of eating with our hands is a truly heartwarming experience. I would not miss the a la carte menu if Perla switched to full out Kamayan.

A la carte: 3 stars. I stand by my original review.
Ok so I can't speak for the a la carte menu but the Sunday night kamayan dinner is so much fun that it's totally worth it for this.
First off--this is not a dinner you have with people you suspect don't wash their hands. You should be comfortable with whatever germs they carry. 
The tables are lined w banana leaf, and then the toppings come. The rice. Man the rice is the best part of the meal. This is then topped with lumpia spring rolls, whole fried fish, fried pork belly cubes, and generous portions of chicken. Oh, don't forget the veggies and amazing sauces that come for dipping.  And while the food was really really good--it's all about the experience of eating with your hands, drinking lots, and sharing plenty of stories and laughs. Because again, go with people you like. Otherwise trying to make your own mound of private food just looks awkward! 
Such an amazingly fun experience. It's byo. So go, go, go.
If you are looking for a unique and adventurous meal, look no further than Kamayan dinner at Perla (served Sundays and Wednesdays).

Jared and I turned up for our reservation and were immediately seated. The staff brought rolls and water, before assuring us that our dinner would be ready in about ten minutes. We settled back to wait, and before long our table was piled high with fried rice, curried veggies, pork belly, spring rolls, a fish, and half a chicken (that chicken was the juiciest, most succulent bird I've ever had the pleasure of eating, by the way). Once we ate everything we could fit in our stomachs, they also brought out some delicious lemony cake. 

To top it all off, the dinner came out to ~$40/head--a total steal! Pictures hardly do justice to the feast I received at Perla.
Punishingly great!

The meal advertized as a 'Kamayan' which is a Filipino-style feast, was truly so without question.  I was completely stuffed well after the meal into the next day.  This feast which is that is meant to be eaten with your hands, with the food served on banana leaves laid out on a table, had everything I needed.  There was a perfectly roasted chicken, fried pork belly, fried lumpia rolls, curry veggies including okra, eggplant, bok choy, string beans and a fragrant fried rice.  Sauces accompanied the meal to augment the strong flavors, one of which was a chicken liver pate.  

The chicken was moist and a perfect texture.  It was not one second overdone.  The sauce on the side was there in augment the flavor profile but it really wasn't necessary.  The remaining items in the feast were really satisfying, the pork belly and lumpia were super crunchy.  The sauteed veggies were awesome.  There pictures don't do justice to home much food was served.  Great food in this never ending quantity, was definitely more than enough hence the review headline of punishingly great!

If there was one slight disappointment, it would have been the fried rice.  While the rice was super fragrant, the texture of the rice grains were a bit more al dente then I would have preferred, possibly because there were fried a bit longer.  I do believe that there are some that prefer rice this way I guess.

The finishing touch here, the chocolate coconut panna cotta, over the top gluttony!  

This meal was a fun way to enjoy company and eat a ton.  Leftovers were polished off a few days later with the same degree of satisfaction.  
Definitely recommended!
We came for traditional family style Sundays and were blown away.  Louie, GF, and staff were attentive throughout the whole meal, explaining each dish and how it could be paired.  Ate with our hands on banana leaves, make sure to not put your personal items on your banana leaf plates!!! Pork belly and the vinegar and chili vinegrette,  mmmmmmmmmmmmm. Going to come back for the fusion nights.
Finding Filipino cuisine in Philadelphia or surrounding area is like finding Prada at Nordstrom Rack, it's nearly impossible. My husband, our two friends and I went to Perla for the first time on Sunday, 1/22/2017 for the 7:45 Kamayan Family style dinner. The staff was so friendly, guided us to our seat, provided water and brought over wine glasses. They engaged in conversations, asked about our experience with Filipino food. The chef stopped by a few times to check-in on us and see how everything went. I cannot stay enough about how amazing the staff was. The bathroom was super clean and the hand soap is amazing, I'm buying some for my house! 

The sinangag was plentiful, we ate so much and still had so much left on the table, very traditional flavors. Chicken Inisal was one of the best, it brought back memories of my childhood when we were stationed there. It was moist, flavorful and one of the best dish of the entire night. The fried fish was exquisite, the bones was the only thing left, it was picked clean. The lechon kawali was awesome, who would hate pork belly? If you do then you're not human. The lumpia was decent, not my favorite, delicious but we all have our own way of making lumpia so we think no one else's lumpia is better than what we make at home. I love the ginger in the lumpia, that was something new to me and I may have to add to my recipe. Pinakbet was perfectly executed, crisp vegetables and the combination of all those variety of greens, eggplants, squash, cauliflower was brilliant, there were other veggies in there too. 

For $40 each, you absolutely cannot beat a better bargain and an amazing experience that I got to share with my husband and friends. We all loved eating with our hands and I highly suggest that if you do the Kamayan dinner, DO NOT ask for utensils, dive in, immerse yourself in the culture and enjoy the food! 

To the Chef and staff, I wish you all many years of  prosperity in Philadelphia and I hope you continue to do well in Philadelphia, there is definitely a need for your culinary style in this great city of ours. 

The Bibingka was not my favorite, I was expecting a really traditional one but it was delicious. I guess I was just so immersed in the tradition that I thought I was getting a bibingka served in banana left with eggs in it and coconut shavings on top, maybe next time! 

The only thing I disliked which I say this to other restaurants with other issues, the ventilation system needs to be improved. I smelled like food when I left the restaurant but its worth every scent I took home because the food was amazing. 

I look forward to coming many more times and hope to bring many more friends who are always asking me what does authentic Filipino food taste like. I do like your other menu options which offers the Filipino concept and I look forward to trying it but you have me as a fan for your Kamayan dinners!
I went with a friend from the Philippines (who naturally knows the cuisine well and has high standards), so we naturally had a person to guide us through the menu and to take care of the ordering. We ended up ordering basically all the items on the menu (save two), which came down to five mains (which were on the small side) and two desserts for three people. The bill totaled around $50 each, which wasn't bad at all for the amount of food we got and for an upscale meal. 

I have had some very limited exposure to Filipino food, and this tasted markedly different - a lot less salty and definitely Western inspired, a feeling also expressed by my Filipino friend. I think the key to really enjoying the meal is not to expect traditional, authentic Filipino food, because the flavors in the dishes actually turned out to be really good. I especially enjoyed the rice with bone marrow, as well as the pork belly, but all the dishes we ordered were tasty in general. The service was great as well.
Came here highly recommended from our friends who are Filipino - nothing more assuring than having the stamp of approval for authentic cultural food when trying it for the first time! 

We came as a party for the Kamayan Dinner. What's that you ask? It's when you abandon your proper food etiquette and immerse yourself into a new culture by eating with your hands! (Though, you are not required to. You are allowed to still use forks and spoons, but are you going to be that debbie downer?) All food are laid beautifully on banana leaves, setting the ambiance as if you are eating somewhere tropical. Food includes grilled fresh fish (seasonally), roasted chicken (one of the best, juicy and tender, not a tad bit dry!), pork belly, an assortment of veggies, and garlic rice. On the side includes various sauces for dipping including a mango ketchup and other exotic flavors. It's $40 per person and requires advance notice, but one of the best experiences eating Filipino food! A definite must try. 

And as a fun fact, I asked my Filipino friends if this type of feast was common and frequently eaten in the Philippines -- and of course it was very rare, probably only once a or twice a year.
I came here for Sunday's Kamayan (family style Filipino meal) with a group of four and had an awesome time.

The meal consisted of fish (pampano), pork belly, grilled chicken, lumpiat (spring roll), vegetables and garlic rice.  You also get house made Filipino bread to start and a special desert to finish.  Everything tasted very authentic and really reminded me of being back in the Philippines.  Additionally, the house made sauces complemented everything quite well.

The meal was $40 per person, and considering that we had enough leftovers for an entire second meal, it's a great value.

The service was super fast and friendly.

We will definitely be back for more great Filipino food!
I am still waiting to try Kamayan style with my friends but as of now - I ordered a la carte with my fiancé. I'm a little concern when I do come with a large party since it's a very tiny restaurant..

The food we ordered came out super fast and it was great. From the presentation to flavor, can't complain. My favorite(s) were the salmon, bone marrow, and Ube mousse dessert. Make sure you save room for dessert, I ate the whole mousse by myself, I almost wanted to lick the plate clean.
KAMAYAN DINNER OMG YAAASS!! 

Thank the lawwwd that a Filipino place has finally opened up in Philly. Granted, it's not one of those walk through an Asian super market into a weird back room to find a glorious buffet of chicken adobo, pancit and lumpia for $20 kind of places... but that's a whole different dream I'm still waiting for in this city. 

Anyway! Perla is definitely an upscale, beautifully crafted way to present the magnificence that is Filipino cuisine to the foodies of Philadelphia. 

On my 29th birthday I made a reservation for 12 on a Sunday (of course) so that we could experience the Kamayan dinner. No one in the group besides me has had Filipino food before so I was anxiously awaiting their thoughts. And not one person left disappointed or hungry! 

Perla is BYO which makes the experience even better! We were seated at a bench table covered in banana leaves and then out came the unbelievable array of garlic rice, half chickens, whole fish, pork belly, eggplant, bok choy, all the lumpia you can eat and 2 amazing sauces - banana ketchup and a creamy liver mousse (I believe). For dessert we all had the bibingka, which was delicious and a perfect way to end the meal. We also didn't even get close to eating all of it and they provided take out containers for our leftovers! 

All of my friends gave rave reviews! The experience of eating a family style dinner with your best friends, on a long shareable table with no plates and with your hands of course, is very special to me and reminds me of celebrations at my Lola's house in the Philippines. 

Can't wait to go back for both the kamayan dinner and also for a regular meal in the future. I can't wait to try the kare kare!
Caveat: I'm what my friends and family generously call a #FauxFilipina. 

A really fun night, good for those with adventurous taste buds and are good with stepping outside of their comfort zones. We specifically picked Wednesday to eat here to take advantage of the kamayan idea. Tonight, after we started with a small yeasty roll called pandesal, our table was layered first with a garlicky fried rice, pinkabet (eggplant, baby bok choy, green beans), lumpia (our version of a fried egg roll), fried pork belly, a delicious fried golden pompano fish (slightly citrusy in flavor) and roasted chicken inasal (a marinade of Meyer lemon and soy sauce).  Several dipping sauces are provided.  Everything was cooked well and they didn't say no when we asked for more lumpia.

Is it like what my mom made at home? Erm, no. Her dishes were a bit more basic, so this was just a step above in complexity and flavors. Still, it didn't stray from the Filipino food profile. Nicely done, chef.

Use your hands to eat, though typically in this kind of culture, you only use your RIGHT hand - the left hand is left for less sanitory purposes, ahem.

You will not starve. 

It can get a bit noisy in here, but that's because people are enjoying the social atmosphere of eating together and trying this out. 

Price point: about $40 pp.
Throw out all the food etiquette your parents taught you when you come here for family style dinner! Eat off the table with your bare hands! No plates or utensils (you could ask if you'd like) - just food laid out on some banana leaves for you to enjoy. For about $50-$55 pp after tip and tax, you get about 1/4 fish, 1/4 chicken, a roll, 2 pork belly pieces, garlic rice, and veggies. Everything we had was great, but for the price, I wish we had gotten some items that were more interesting... the fish is fried, the chicken is rotisserie style, and the pork belly pieces were bite sized. Overall, service was great, the food you get is great, the ambiance is neat, but would I come back for the family style? Nope, but maybe for their regular menu! 

Tips for family style: BYO, and make sure you come with people with good hygiene
I cannot deny the excitement I felt when I learned that there was a "Filipino" joint opening up in South Philly.  It did not strike me until after that in some pockets of South Philly, some ethnic brands of cuisine end up being inextricably changed (i.e. appropriated) to cater to those with tastes of a (let's say) paler pigment.  Unfortunately, Perla suffers the same fate that befell Bing Bing Dim Sum; jacked up prices for food stuffs that are almost unrecognizable from the original source material... kind of like casting Scarlet Johansson in the live action "Ghost in the Shell" (the main ingredient is inexplicably changed to attempt to appeal to the pale majority); but unlike "Ghost in the Shell" it would appear that the 4.5 average cume star rating would indicate that most have been fooled into buying into this farce of Filipino cuisine.

That's not to say that the food here isn't carefully crafted by masterful hands.  Not at all.  It will be the most fancifully presented "Filipino" food you will ever dare to gaze upon (at least in my lifetime, I've not set my eyes on "Filipino" food that bore such a garish facade).  Not to sell my people's food short... but our stuff was made for peasants, by peasants, to appeal to peasants (i.e. the masses).  They took trash ingredients and, like the ever innovative Filipino is wont to do (that's my people for you), created something very special.  E.G. sizzling sisig... it's pig face; they say you can put lipstick on a pig, but it'll still be a pig... developed during the great war when soldiers would discard pig heads (since so one at the time knew how to use them).  Some time later, the soldiers "donated" the pig heads to Filipino people to do with them as they would... as necessity (a desire to eat) spurned innovation, my people developed a way to make pig face not only palatable, but actually delicious.

Sisig - chopped up pig face, skillet fried with peppers and spices, finished off with an egg cracked on top.  Pairs perfectly with a cold beer as it's still served "sizzling" on a skillet.  Not a pretty presentation, but you can't deny the allure of the hissing sizzling of the skillet and a golden yold on top.  However, at this place, the sisig isn't sizzling... and they essentially top the (not diced nearly enough) chunks of pig parts with an egg that had lost the golden yolk (i.e. they pre-cooked the egg, overdone it, and topped off the bowl of pig parts).  

Another miss was the adobo.  Adobo is another signature Filipino dish that was borne out of necessity, and made overly complex here (and ironically inferior despite the quality ingredients and stellar visual presentation).  The adobo concoction came from the need to preserve meat without need for refrigeration, so the combination of salty soy sauce and acidic vinegar proved to be an effective agent in keeping meats tasty and unspoiled; hell, the stuff tends to taste better the longer it sits.  As Perla likely doesn't engage in letting their duck ferment in the soy/vinegar mix, they've overcompensated by making the sauce too salty and too tart (with the tartness being more that of a citrus-y flavor as opposed to a vinegar one).  Disappointing.

Perhaps I should visit on a Kamayan night (on Sundays).  Seems like they do a more simple preparation of the food (instead of being so try-hard).  That said, looks like they've engaged in the time honored YT people appropriation tactic of price gouging for that as well -_-
Food was GREAT.  Had the bistec, the octopus, and the pork belly and all three were genuinely great.  Waiter also did a good job directing us on how much food to order.  Cool ambiance in a small place, it's BYOB, and the neighborhood it's in is adorable.  

But, right as we were finishing ordering, the server asks us if we would like a side of rice.  My husband, who is always hungry, nods and says he thinks that would be a good idea, so we say yes.  Turns out the "side of rice" was actually just us ordering an $18 bone marrow dish that came with rice - we felt like we had been totally upsold and our bill was obviously higher than we anticipated.  When the waitress brought it out, I told her we hadn't ordered the bone marrow, but she said "this is your side of rice, and the marrow is just a plus!" so we thought maybe they were being kind and comping it.  Not a huge deal, but we will certainly be being more explicit in ordering the next time.  

Overall the take away is that the food was amazing, but we were frustrated with this one aspect.
I'm sad to report that I was really underwhelmed with Perla. I wanted to like this place, but the food left me feeling disappointed and hungry.

The place is tiny and situated right next to Fond - you might miss it or feel like you're walking into someone's house. I liked the quaintness of the place and the staff was friendly, attentive and polite. 

We ordered two entrees - the adobo and crispy pata. The duck was good, but nothing to write home about. I wasn't a fan of the sauce on the greens. The pork knuckle was good, but it was mainly skin and fat, not much meat. I liked that vinegar was provided to put on it, which is how we always eat pork at home.

For dessert, we tried the Bibingka, which comes served hot in a small cast-iron skillet. Well, it was very difficult to eat being that it was seriously stuck to the skillet! We had to use napkins at pot-holders and borrow the fork/knife from the vacant table next to us to eat it. It was tasty, but also stuck together in a lump - it felt like I was eating one of my own Pinterest fails.

We saw a huge party eating the Kamayan (family-style) meal, which looked delish. I would like to give Perla another try and test out the Kamayan, but I'm not rushing back to do so.
I don't have a lot of experience with Filipino food ("Well that's something we shall have to remedy, isn't it?").  We came for a Kamayan dinner for two.  No ordering, they had banana leaves on the table and then came and spooned a massive pile of food onto the table.  You eat with your hands and share the food with everyone that you came with.  Most of the time you can order off of the regular menu, so check their website about which menu is offered which day. 

At the bottom of the pile of food was a layer of jasmine rice that was seasoned with a good amount of garlic.  Delicious, flavorful rice. Immediately on top of the rice were plenty of vegetables.  After looking at yelp pictures, I was worried that it was just going to be a pile of meat, but this is a good, balanced meal.  The vegetables were a highlight.  The eggplant, bokchoy, and green beans had plenty of seasoning, were cooked just right, and complimented the rice and meat.  

There was a massive amount with a variety of flavors on top of the rice and vegetables.  The lemon and soy chicken was terrific.  I was worried by the look of it that it was going to be dry, but even the white meat was juicy and flavorful.  There was a whole fried fish that was flaky with a mellow flavor.  The crispy pork belly was a favor of mine.  Too often when the outside of pork belly is THIS crispy, the inside is dried out.  This had a perfect crunch and soft meat within.  Finally there were some fried sort of spring rolls with ground pork, carrots, ginger, and onions inside.  I could eat these all day.  They give you four sauces with all of this food, a vinegar sauce, pate sauce, fish sauce, and sweet sauce.  I had my favor pairing between the meat and sauces, but I'd recommend experimenting with all of them.  The pate sauce was especially good. 

For dessert, there was a chocolate custard, which made for a nice, simple ending to a very complex meal.  

I can't wait to go back, I keep thinking about this meal.  I'd be interested in trying the food on the typical menu, but right now all I can think about is eating the same meal over and over again. 

It's a BYOB, so bring some wine, rip a chicken in half with your bare hands, and drift off into a food coma.
I first heard about Perla's "Kamayan style" dinners through one of my best friends and so I decided to round of a whole group of people and give it a try. The special Kamayan dinners are only served on Wed and Sun nights. It's $40 a person and the place is BYOB. If you are a big group (we were 8) gratuity is tacked on to the bill. 

Once we were seated at your table you will only see banana leaves on and water/wine glasses. No utensils because this mean is meant to be eaten with your hands only! 

The meal is as follows: a bed of garlic infused white rice with a bed of an assortment of veggies. We had okra, eggplant, string beans, and brussel sprouts. Then a whole chicken, pork belly bites, and a whole fried fish are placed on top. Four condiments were placed on the table and properly explained to us (ranging from vinegar to spicy tang). 

This food is divine. I mean you can really taste the freshness of the meat and fish. I had never had garlic rice before and i was blown away by the taste. The veggies were cooked to perfection and honestly our entire group enjoyed the entire experience. 

The chef came over and introduced himself to us and thanked us for coming to his restaurant. You could just feel that he cares about the service and the food here. It was one of the best meals i had eaten in a long time and i cannot wait to go back!
A beautiful space serving up elevated but still delicious Filipino food. The decor is minimal and small but still feels warm and spacious. When my boyfriend and I came on a Wednesday night to celebrate his birthday the restaurant was full and bustling. The noise can sometimes be loud but there's no need to scream to your table mates. We came for the Wednesday Kamayan night with empty bellies and high hopes.

We got started with a soft roll and quickly the dinner got started. The staff did a great job explaining how Kamayan works and got started laying down the garlic fried rice. After that came the veggies tossed in coconut milk sauce, lumpia, lechon, chicken, and finally the whole fried fish. We got sauces on the side which included a spicy vinegar and ketchup which we appreciated since they really helped cut through the meal's richness. Every separate dish was well cooked, flavorful, and easily delicious on its own but the combination it all together was out of this world. I loved the crispy pieces of lechon and my boyfriend cleaned the whole fish off the bone. We got kudos from our waiter for finishing our meal and it was certainly not an easy task (and we can be big eaters). The meal ended with chocolate pot de cremes for each of us which was a great cap to such a unique meal.

The kamayan eating experience drew us to Perla and the cooking will keep us coming back to try more dishes. Perla is a great place for a special occasion dinner and I look forward to trying more of the menu.
After moving back to Philly last year, I've been so excited to see the what the food scene has become. Restaurants such as Perla speak to my millennial Asian American soul through my stomach and it makes me so so happy to be home. 

This beautiful cozy restaurant sets the mood for what's to come as soon as you walk through the front door. It feels like you're entering a friends home for a dinner party. The ambiance mixed with the awesome music and the amazing food and service made a dinner out with friends into an extraordinary dining experience. 

What we ordered:
Escabeche
Sinangag 
Pancit
Lechon
Rohan duck breast adobo
Kare kare
Coconut panna cotta
Bibingka

This was more than enough for our group of 4 but I wish we ordered more just so I could try everything. The textures, the flavors, the warming familiarity of the food, it was all ON POINT. Everything was perfectly cooked and seasoned. Fried tripe was served with the kare kare. Who ever knew that was a thing? Why isn't it more of a thing? Cause it's awesome. 

I love when an unassuming dish blows my mind to a point that I can't articulate what I'm experiencing at the moment. Confusion and delight at the same time, dish after dish after dish. Perla did just that. Definitely going back again soon!

(Poor photo quality due to impatient hungry people)
Was able to make dinner reservations the same day on a Friday! Awesome. 

Location: Walking distance for me so not a problem. I know Passyunk is hard to find parking but if you're into valet, there is a stand right across the street at the Singing Fountain. 

Atmosphere: Cozy, like most of the Passyunk area restaurants, but not uncomfortable. Can get loud as everyone goes deep in their BYOB choices. Loved their music choices! Dress code is casual. 

Price: $45 prix fixe. For 2 people, just order everything on the menu! Again, BYOB. 

Service: Top notch. Kept everything clean, our cups and bread refilled, plates cleared and always making sure we were satisfied. The front of house staff were very pleasant.

Food: Their pan de sal is housemade and it's delicious! But I like all pan de sal. I like mine just a little more toasted. First course was a mackerel dish and it was yummy. Next up was the arroz caldo and the lechon kawali. We mixed the dishes together because I like to eat lechon with rice! Part of me also wanted to ask for some Mang Tomas. Next was the pinakbet and the duck adobo. The pinakbet was ok, nothing to rave about but I love duck and I love adobo! Finally, the dessert! SO GOOD. I was never huge on bibingka, but I liked it and their was SO good! I loved how nice and warm it was. The other option was the coconut panna cotta which was also wonderful and I couldn't stop raving about how good the dessert was when we left.

Overall a really great experience and holds up against the nearby heavyweights. I am hoping the best of luck to this restaurant and am very happy to have a high end Filipino restaurant in the area!
The Kamayan feast was a fantastic experience. Our group of four stuffed ourselves silly and still had so much left over. For three of the us, the dinner style was completely new, for our fourth, she is Filipina AND has her own Filipino pop-up in the Detroit area and the food passed her taste buds, and that was good enough for the rest of us.

I particularly loved the spring rolls and pork. The chicken was juicy, but would've been nice if it was cut up. I was way too full to even try the fish. It is a lot of food, which is probably why it's $40 but honestly, it is way too much food.

BYOB! And they provide a bucket with ice to chill your bottle(s) in!
Read an article on Bloomberg about filipino food that mentioned Perla and lo and behold, it was close to where I stayed! I've had filipino food and this place puts a clever improvisation to the cuisine. We had their version of sisig, pinkabet, adobo and a grilled octopus. Tasty!

Tried the kamayan dinner there a few days later and that was a fun experience. Eating with your hands is recommended but if that's not your thing, I'm pretty sure they have utensils for you. There was a ton of food (their 4-people-worth of food can probably be shared with 6) and it was heavenly.
I came here for Sunday's Kamayan dinner and I came away very impressed and very satisfied. 

The Kamayan is offered every Sunday via reservation and consists of lechon kawali (crispy fried pork belly), lumpia (egg rolls with minced pork), chicken inasal (marinated grilled chicken), whole fish (pompano this time), and pinakbet (Filipino style vegetables), all served over sinangag (garlic fried rice). your table is lined with banana leaves and all the food is brought out together and laid out on top. the setup is very unique and I could see myself coming back regularly for it. The meats and rice are also served with homemade sauces of banana ketchup (Filipino version has a little heat), and a soy sauce/vinegar/garlic dip which is very traditional and goes well with grilled / fried meats. 

the flavors were on point and the entire meal was an interesting and delicious take on modern Filipino cuisine/flavors. Eating that meal over rice with your hands definitely satisfies your cravings for Filipino comfort food while also providing for a fresh take on traditional dishes. I think those unfamiliar with Filipino flavors should find it very accessible while those who count themselves as Pinoy food purists should enjoy traditional flavors presented in some non-traditional ways. 

At $40 per person, the value for the Kamayan is unbeatable. Our party gorged themselves and still had enough for about 4 full to go containers. I can't recommend it highly enough. Lastly, the location is great right across from the singing fountain on Passyunk and part of a growing and formidable restaurant row.
I came here with some friends (4 in total) and we had the kamayan. The service was friendly and we had good seats. The restaurant overall is a cute intimate place that's great for small groups of friends. However the food was just ok. The fish was not as crispy as I would have hoped, and the taste was underwhelming. The rest of the items like the chicken and Brussels sprouts were fine, but I'm not sure if this is a value meal. Given the price we paid I was expecting a little more. I left with the feeling that these are ordinary dishes that I could make and at half the price.
If you want to venture outside of your comfort zone and have an adventure of a dining experience, you gotta check out this joint.

We went with the Kamayan Style Family Menu, and this was truly an AMAZING & unforgettable experience. 

They plop a ton of food right on your table (already covered in banana leaves). It is huge servings, full with rice, vegetables & proteins. You eat with your hands (inner child at heart jumping for joy,) and they were super accommodating for vegetarian. It was all delicious. 

Servers were really engaging and explained the culture which was greatly appreciated, and made the meal feel that much more authentic.
Taking Philly public transit from University City to Perla, I had my anticipation for the meal grow as I walked in and saw the large leaves laid out on the table with absolutely no silverware except cups for our BYO drinks and water. With a Filipino native with my party, I learned of how we were going to eat with our hands while the food would be laid down across the table for our glorious Friday night feast. 

The servers came quickly to put our drinks in a cooler and provide us with a rundown of the meal. Rice, vegetables, spring rolls, chicken, fish... saliva filled my mouth, almost like the Schuykill flowing downstream. We were first served with a sweet bread roll, in which we all instantly fell in love. The warm, soft dough in the middle was contained by a wonderful crust that we quickly finished.

Soon after, each food was laid down on top of the other, and I instantly fell in love with the meal that I was about to dig into. The spring rolls, crispy and made to crunch like a glorious Lays chip, the garlic rice was laid down as a bed for food made for the gods, glistering porkbelly and cooked vegetables staring right back at me, and finally, half chickens and lightly-fried fish laid out as if the other food was not enough. 

We immediately starting digging in, trying different sauces like vinegar with each of the foods. The fish was devoured by everyone around me until all that was left was a skeleton, eaten clean straight to the bone. It took me a solid 5 minutes to finish half a chicken, and everyone around me stared as if I was a bear coming out of hibernation and having his first meal in months. The spring rolls quickly ran out, and the pork belly soon followed. Veggies, yummy and screaming "eat me!" to all of us. We each commented about how unique the experience was eating with our hands. The delicious meal was complimented by the freeing process of eating with our hands. Altogether, we had so many leftovers, but still had room to finish the chocolate pudding dessert. The topping has a sweetness and crunch that was tamed by the richness of the chocolate. Nothing could ever top such a smooth dessert - the perfect ending to an already perfect meal.

If you're in Philly for a while, you have to try this place. 100% one of the best meals I've ever had in my life and it truly is a life-changing experience.
The Kamayan feast was no joke.  The food came out very fast.  Service was great.  You eat with your hands.  They do provide utensils if you are uncomfortable with using your hands.  This was definitely an experience.
I came with a party of 4 for the Sunday Kamayan dinner and wow, what an experience. 

Since there are already many reviews on the dining experience, I'll keep it short. The sweet bread at the beginning was fantastic. The pork belly was a little dry and flavored purely by pork fat. Same goes for the chicken (breast was a little dry) & fish, both were good but not super flavorful on their own. But there are 4 yummy sauces you get on the side to eat with the meat so that makes up for it. The rice was so simple yet so delicious, I couldn't get enough! And the dessert was the perfect end to the meal, light enough stomach after stuffing yourself to the brim. The food is more homestyle and less fine dining than Perla's typical fare, but the price is made up for by quantity. You get a lot of food regardless, but the bigger your party, the more bang for your buck you'll receive.

By far the best part of our dining experience was the staff. Our table was towards the back by the kitchen so we chatted with our waiter the entire time. I wish I caught his name, but he was just a really cool, funny, amicable guy. We laughed, joked, and had a great time thanks to him.
KAMAYAN DINNER IS BOMB DOT COM

you hear about it and you're like sounds cool but it really was a dining experience a true broad food lover should have! we came on a wednesday night (2 people) and it wasn't very crowded which was nice! we got sat right away, got our wine iced and we were ready!

my favorite part of the meal was the fish. it was seasoned and lightly fried perfectly and the meat was so luscious. the chicken was good but it was seasoned heavily on the outside (a little bit salty) BUT it made the meat inside seasoned perfectly! the rice was so fricken good with all the veggies (brussel sprouts, green beats, bok choy, okra). the sauces were also good but one thing i definitely think this meal might need is something to cut through the savoriness; maybe some pickled radishes or spicy pickled jalapenos! 

the service was wonderful and i can't wait to come back and try the menu... but it'll be really hard to not get the kamayan dinner again :)
Came here for a family dinner/celebration and had an outstanding experience both on food and service. The restaurant fits exactly what the Passyunk scene is all about--well prepared, unique, exciting and delicious food. Perla is far from any traditional Filipino restaurant (servings are small but works to your advantage because it makes you want to order the other items in the menu and therefore experiencing more than just one plate) but being a Filipino as well as a food lover, I enjoyed what they offered. Fresh, well prepared and flavor-balanced food.  
All dishes gave you a play on textures and taste. The pinakbet which traditionally is a mush of vegetables were interpreted with crunch from the grilled vegetables, the acidity from the pickled bittermelon, the rustic flavor of the sauce. The same goes for my favorite duck adobo, it was both sweet and sour and duck was prepared well, not always easily achieved by other places I've tried but Perla did it! Oh I should mention the delicious pandesal (bread) that they start with and the bibingka they end with, unlike most common desserts, this is a warm soft, sweet and salty, fluffy bready dessert. 
I cannot wait for what else Chef Lou has to offer as the restaurant matures and I have yet to try the popular Sunday's kamayan which I'm sure will be as exciting.
From a Filipino's perspective-- traditional flavors really shine in every dish, and are elevated by impressive technique.

My party and I came on a Friday night, so we had the a la carte menu, not kamayan. The space is small but cozy, comfortable and well decorated.

The meal started with pan de sal, which is a very common Filipino bread. It brought me back to my grandmother's house and eating one too many as a child.

For the small plates, we had the octopus, which was lightly breaded. The texture was exquisite. This was easily my favorite dish of the night. We had the sisig, which I usually don't enjoy despite its popularity... but it was very flavorful and the variety of textures was pleasant and exciting, as opposed to off-putting (per my previous sisig experiences). We also had the mechado, which was lamb with a coconut sauce. This was fairly good, but it was supposed to be a "remix" of mechado which is a tomato sauce based dish. Maybe if they would have called it something else, we would have enjoyed it more, but it was too disconnected from traditional mechado and left us confused.

For the entree we ordered the sinangag rice with bone marrow. Rice is a necessity with all Filipino food, so do not skip this. We ordered the crispy pata which was soooo magnificent wow. The fat melts in your mouth and the skin stayed crispy. Crispy pata is usually too heavy for me after a while but I kept coming back for more. We also ordered the barramundi, which was so light and delicate. It was a pleasant contrast to the crispy pata. We demolished all the entrees.

Lastly for dessert we ordered the chocolate coconut panna cotta and the ube. I have a nut allergy and the kitchen was so accommodating and took the time to separate the nut components from the ube mousse so that I could taste it. Let me say this-- I have had a lot of good ube. I have had a lot of bad ube. This ube mousse gave me all the nostalgic flavor memories of licking ube off a spoon as a kid... but had such a light fluffy texture that was nothing like I've had before. It blew my mind. The panna cotta was delightful as well, topped with toasted coconut. But wow the ube. Get it.

Lastly, the service was so excellent. The servers took the time to talk us through everything, even their backgrounds, and how this restaurant is a mix of their Filipino upbringing with their classical French training. It was so nice to see a restaurant full of non-Filipinos enjoying our cuisine. Perla is doing a great job making delicious food and representing our culture.
My girlfriend and I came in on a whim. Meal started with salted butter and a Filipino dinner roll. Simple. But super good. 

We shared the octopus starter which was solid but also fried. To be honest the octopus could have been any protein and tasted good. 

I ordered the lamb kare kare. I have had a version of this previously that was ox tail and had more of a pronounced peanut butter flavor. I guess this was the more refined version of that dish. The accompaniments really elevated the meal to the next level. The bok choy and especially the egg plant almost stole the lamb's thunder. My gf ordered the prawns and seemed to like it, but less than I enjoyed my dinner. 

We ordered the ube for dessert. When it arrived I was incredulous. It didnt look pretty but I was incredibly surprised by how good it tasted. Not sure how they make all the components - but it was well balanced. Not too sweet - and the cookie portion ( not sure if cookie is accurate) was light as air.
Foodie adventure time! Brought friends and family to expand their taste horizons and we thoroughly enjoyed ourselves. 

We each started with pandesal, a traditional sweet bread roll. Then we dug in with our fingers to the feast spread out in front of us. I loved the garlic fried rice, crunchy pork belly and the fresh brightness of the fried fish and crisp yet moist roast chicken. 

My friend had never tried any other Filipino dishes except the lumpia egg rolls so she was willing and ready to try it all and came away impressed and full to the brim. 

Service was quick and friendly. The ambiance was cozy since the room is so small and seating is tight. Be prepared for the high noise level if you come on a busy night. I would come again for a special occasion.
There are some restaurants where the menu makes me nervous . This was one of them; each dish contained ingredients that I do not like and I was worried the flavors would be overwhelming for me (I like milder flavors that come from the main ingredients vs spices). 

Everything came out looking like a work of art and was SO delicious. The bread that comes out in the beginning is the most delicious bread I've ever had. Ever. 

Staff was knowledgeable and friendly, interior is well decorated, Also BYO is always a + in my book. Seriously wanted to go back the next day.
Really good & really different! (**byob)

Went for the first time this past weekend and was quickly impressed. To be fair, I know nothing of Filipino foods, but I thought it was really good.

Menu is small, but impressive. About 5-6 small plates and 5-6 entrees. The waiter recommended we get the jasmine rice with bone marrow as a side to accompany any of the main dishes. The rice was good, and filling, but not the most necessary (the dishes were more than enough food on their own).

The Spanish octopus was incredible. Deep fried to perfection, it was not the LEAST bit rubbery. Perfectly crispy outside. Definitely try it out if you like octopus.

The pork knuckle was HUGE and also deep fried. It was delicious and rich, and there was a lot of meat on the bones. But, I could feel my heart getting heavier with each delicious greasy bite. It's heavy. Maybe a good one to split.

The barramundi was cooked in some leaves and vegetables and had a nice flavor. It came with really good roasted cauliflower.

I would totally go back - esp if it's to try the traditional, multi-course, family style menu for $40/person on Wednesdays and Sundays!
Stopped by for the Tuesday night pre-fixe.  I tried to make a res for 5 people at 7:30 and was thwarted on line with only an 8:30 availability.  However, was there at 7:30 with just 4 peeps and found plenty of room for a fifth, dunno what the issues were.  Maybe calling would have been better.

I was happy with the overall execution of the dishes, but I wasn't wowed by most of the dishes in general.  Some of it due to my own tastes and some due too things that I don't think that worked.  The Spanish Mackerel ceviche smelled too fishy for my tastes, but the sweetness of the fruit mix did not make it taste any better, maybe needs more acidity?  My friends liked the arroz caldo but I found the flavor lacking.  The arancini was delicious.  The pinakbet was interesting and delicious.  The bagoong-demi was not as salty as a regular pinakbet, so you can get away with not having any rice.  For myself, I did not care for the rare duck but Chef was nice enough and took pity on me and cooked it to medium.  My friends and I then devoured the medium cooked duck, so know your duck preference and ask for it.  The kabocha(?) mash under the duck was too sweet and didn't work with the adobo sauce, in my opinion.

The panna cotta and warm bibingka was delicious.  Bibingka is generally served cold, so warm was a nice surprise.  

The pacing of the meal was very helpful and we were quite stuffed.  I was afraid we would still be hungry afterwards.  But the wait for dessert was too long.  I understand it was baked fresh, but it feels as if they were waiting to serve dessert to all the patrons at the same time, even if we started at different times.  

I do look forward to see what other dishes Chef has cooking up, pun intended.
The area is fitting for the restaurant. Im happy downtown has a filipino cuisine restaurant again. Its a limited menu which is fine, i imagine they'll be changing the menu monthly? Makes choosing your entrees a simple and quick enough process which is clutch for me..  Be prepared to spend a little more for what ya get but rest assured itll be delicious...so far!
Went here for east passyunk restaurant week (just now getting to write about it) and while I stupidly thought I'd get to see the much advertised banana leaf dinner set up, I was not disappointed at all with my experience there. I was surprised with how much I loved the salmon belly - the juice base it came in was soooo good (the octopus was really great too). The fish (pinoputok an isda) and beef (nilaga) dishes were both amazing. Both the beef and fish were super tender and delicious.  The food was great but I wish the menu explained the dishes in English as  well. Super excited to go again for the Kamayan family style dinner (with the leaves!).
It's more like nouveau Filipino. I also have some taro flavored desserts. 

Delicious short ribs

Octopus was not rubbery and overcooked, it was just right
This BYO place is awesome! I went on a Sunday with my friends and we got a piece of delicious sweet bread before digging into the garlic rice, chicken, fish, pork belly, a huge assortment of veggies, and more. I have never had food like this before nor eaten with my hands before so it was quite an experience. I had tons of fun and it was extremely delicious... very different flavors but very savory! My three friends and I almost cleared the meal which was incredible because most people pack up the meal to go home since the portions are so large. There is even a dessert afterwards which is light and chocolatey, the perfect ending to an incredible meal. I ABSOLUTELY recommend anyone to go here for the experience, the kind waiters, and the delicious food!
What a great addition to the heavy hitters of the East Passyunk restaurant scene. Ill start off by saying sorry...sorry to anyone who is serving this style of food, because after dining at Perla, its going to be hard to meet my newly developed standards of Filipino style food. You see, Perla serves a cuisine I have never really experimented with, 'modern' Filipino, and I am happy this was my 1st experience. It was so good, I should probably write 3 separate reviews, (Food / Service / Decor) but I will try my best to cram then into one.

After a friendly visit and introduction of the menu from the chef, we were torn between so much, we decided to order it all. From Bone Marrow Rice to Duck Adobo to Coconut Panna Cotta. We were served dish after dish promptly, but not over-bearing. It was like magic, as soon as we were finished the Spanish Octopus, the Prawns were waiting to be devoured. And that we did. 

The best part about each course, was the way that each accompanying sauce/veggie paired perfectly with the main dish. All prepared in an open kitchen by the chef only 25 feet away. Which leads me to the decor, simple, yet elegant...modern yet traditional... hmm i seem a theme here, who ever designed this space really creates an atmosphere as unique as the flavors you will experience while dining here.

Can't wait to go back on a Sunday for the Kamayan dinner special!

See ya soon Perla!
Have you been to a Filipino restaurant? Exactly! That's why you should check this place out! Keep in mind, there are two ways to enjoy Perla, the contemporary Filipino cuisine and the ridiculous Kamayan family style menu (see other yelper's photos - yes, the ones with fish, chicken, pork belly over a forest of leaves).

Must try: Sisig, kinilaw, spanish octopus, the complementary bread
Meh: crispy pata
Missed: sinan gag, short rib kare kare

My wife and I came here during restaurant week and I gotta say, it was pretty awesome! The menu was slightly limited, but we were glad that the chef was able to provide us options from the regular menu instead of the restaurant week menu. We definitely recommend the sisig (combo of pork jowl, pig ears, liver, heart) and guarantee that you've never tried anything like it before! Of course, the octopus was perfect, chewy and savory and the kinilaw was quite refreshing and still makes me smile when I recall the texture of the fish with a hint of the sea. Unfortunately, I was not a big fan of the main menu, which includes the popular crispy pata (fried pork knuckle) and the duck breast (restaurant week menu). The size of the pork knuckle was impressive, but lacked the complexity of flavors I've come to expect from the previous contenders. The duck was decent and chewy, but I would have liked a more gamy taste. The dessert selection included the ube and a fried-crepe like dessert. I really liked the ube mousse, especially enjoyed the salty crunches from the salt crystals, which I presumed to be the ube ash; the other one was meh.

Overall, I really loved the small plates, but the bigger plates were a bit disappointing. I think I'd definitely try out the sinan gag and kare kare in the future and recommend this for every adventurous eater out there!

Food: 4 stars
Service: 4 stars
Ambiance: 4 stars
Price: 3-4 stars
Skip the steakhouse and take your date here instead. 
The ambience is calm, peaceful and you can actually hear each other speak. 
The food was just perfectly seasoned and not over cooked. I have a sensitive stomach and I can't stand it when chefs go heavy on the oil or grease just to increase the flavor . Perla does not do that at all. Everything had a mild and yet complex flavor. I normally don't like octopus because it's always chewy or slimy, but theirs was crispy and light. The Arctic char was the perfect texture - creamier than raw salmon and milder than raw tuna.
The service was excellent, as well. The staff was attentive and was perfectly fine with the fact that my parents ran 15 minutes to our reservation. 

The space is cozy, though, so you definitely want to get a reservation. 

Buy local tip: I didn't realize it was a BYO but my sister was clever and hopped over to the Bottle Shop on East Passyunk and got us some wine to pair with our meal. 

Although the prices were slightly above what I would normally pay for dinner, if you compare it to any of the steakhouses or churrascurrias in town, you would likely pay the same amount and get a much more crowded atmosphere and food cooked in big batches with a lot of oil and with less refined flavor. 

Love love love, I'll definitely be back.
They created a new twist to filipino dishes and it was a great experience. 

Place is not big and you can actually have a quiet dinner. I believe it's byob so bring your alcohol of choice for a more enjoyble evening. 

We've tried Sisig and it has slightly bigger chunks of meat than the typical sisig and it's topped with a med cooked egg with a splash of calamansi ( phil lemon). 

kaldereta is very tender but I wish they removed the fat from the one we got. It was a big chunk of fat. 

Bicol expreas has big cuts of veggies and definitely not the typical Bicol Express. 

Parking is an issue in that area. So take Uber or I dont know if you can park at ACME without getting towed.
Sick of eating the same cuisine. Need a different taste and flavor, def try out perla! I've been waiting for a filipino restaurant to open in Philadelphia, luckily its only 7 blocks from my house. It's not your traditional filipino  it modernized with a delicious twist. Make sure you make room for dessert! Everything was amazing!
Celebrated my boyfriends birthday kamayan style. There were 13 of us. The table was already covered in banana leaves when we arrived. We popped open our wine bottles. Yes it's BYOB! Then we were each given some bread or pan de sal for starters! We had to clear the middle of the table to get dinner started. Rice came out first topped with mix veggies (okra, green beans, bokchoy, brussel sprouts), chicken, fried fish, pork belly and egg rolls/lumpia. Then house sauces came out and we went on eating with our hands. The food was absolutely delicious. So flavorful! Best down, great experience to celebrate with non Filipinos! It may not look a lot but we all were so full. We ate all the protein and had maybe a cup or two of rice left. Not a bad deal with $40 per person. Would recommend for groups!
Does not live up to the HYPE! I went to their prefix menu night and was not impressed at all. The food wasn't hot and the chicken tasted like Costco  Rotisserie chicken and the pork was so dry I couldn't even swallow it. Only thing that was good was fish and the rice. This place is good for the experience of eating with your hand and eating off the banana leafs and all but it is NOT worth 40 dollars.
Great spot for some Filipino food in the area and they also have a sister restaurant in fishtown called Sarvida. We got the fish meal and it was definitely enough food for 2 people. The garlic fried rice was delicious and the fish had tons of meat on it with few bones. My favorite part was the Pinakbet (veggies cooked in coconut broth) and I'd go back just to get that alone. 

The halo halo was huge for the price but I definitely preferred the bibingka Bundt cake (must try this!). It tasted similar to a butter mochi cake. 

Both locations have dine in Kamayan on the weekends for $45 a person and I def wanna come back to try that!
Definitely worth visiting on a wednesday or sunday just for the family style experience. Come with people you are close to so you won't be bothered by eating with your hands....yes you read that right. We ate with our hands...and it was delicious....no fork, spoons or knives!

The flavors and everything was just great. My favorite part of the meal was the Filipino fried rice with the curry veggies. Yummy!

The chicken, pork belly, fried fish, and lumpia were all tasty too but I just loved the rice and curry together!! 

Lovely experience....would've given them 5 star but my friend who booked the reservations....told me they called last minute and tried to bump up our reservation by 30 minutes because they needed us to finish earlier for a larger group that booked for later...she didn't want to tell me about it but I could pried it out of her. It's understandable but we did book the reservation weeks in advance for my bday...so I understand why she was annoyed they tried to bump us earlier the day of an hour before we were suppose to be there.

My party of 3 did enjoy the overall experience. The food and the service we received was great.  

Table Service A
Food A-
Price $$$ (pricey but worth trying)
Space: small and cozy

My final rating is 4 out of 5 stars....
I visited with some friends on a Sunday for the Kamayan dinner. Important things to know are: this is served family style (everything is laid out at once on the table), you are encouraged to eat with your hands (I had to grab a spoon for the rice as I was a mess), and it is BYOB. The service was fabulous. We accidentally chipped our bottle before dinner and they reset all of the banana leaves on the table. My friend is gluten intolerant, the waiter made him aware of what did/did not have gluten, AND offered him a separate serving of gluten-free dishes when available. The chicken was perfectly done and the accompanying sauces were spot-on ... overall everything was fantastic!
I can say that Perla is one of my favorite Filipino restaurants in the US. The place is so clean and well decorated. The staffs were so friendly, accommodating and helpful. The chef is super friendly and made sure that everything  and everyone were good on each table. 

We came on Sunday and they had the Kamayan Family Style. For anyone who doesn't know about kamayan -- the food is served on the banana leaf (spread out on the table) and you use your hand to eat. No utensils. 

While waiting for our food, they served us first with the Pandesal which in my opinion is one of the delicious pandesal that I have eaten in my life. It was so soft and tasty. I could eat a dozen.

Then the chef started to serve the Sinangag topped with Pinakbet, Chicken Inasal, fried Pampano, Lechon Kawali and Lumpia together with different sauces. He explained each and every items. So for someone who is not familiar with Filipino food, the chef gave a lot of information. Some of the dishes were tweaked too so anyone who is allergic or a non-seafood lover would enjoy each dish. Like the Pinakbet, it didn't have shrimp paste or the Lumpia didn't have shrimp. It didn't compromise the taste of each dish though. Everything on that spread was so tasty and delicious. The sauces add more flavors to the dishes. 

The whole experience of the kamayan was so enjoyable. And I haven't done it for a long time, I had so much fun doing it.

Did I already say that the chef was so friendly? He gave me a free sample of one of his dish on the regular menu - Spanish Octopus. It was the most tender octopus I have ever eaten. It was delicious too of course. I would definitely come back to try their a la carte menu. Some of the presentations of the plates were so good -- according to some photos I've seen.

Our meal ended up with the Chocolate and Coconut Panna Cotta which is not the usual Filipino dessert but it was a perfect ending to a yummy feast.

Overall, I recommend this Filipino restaurant to everyone. I would definitely come back to try the other food in the regular menu.
I went here for restaurant week and ordered off the pre-fixe menu on a Thursday night. I booked a reservation on OpenTable that morning without any issues. The restaurant was small and got loud quickly. Service was good, but we were given the check right when we received our dessert even though there were multiple empty tables at the time and nobody was waiting to be seated. 

Off the menu, we tried the Spanish octopus and 
Kilawin (Arctic char) for the first course. We had the bagnet (pork belly) and pinaputok na isda (barramundi fish) for the second course. We had the chocolate coconut panna cotta and the ube cheesecake for the third course.

Spanish octopus and kilawin were both delicious! The octopus has a nice fry on the outside and was perfectly cooked. The sauce included was perfect. The kilawin was fresh and went well with the taro purée. 

Bagnet - This was the most disappointing dish. There was no presentation - just the pork belly and ube with a few veggies on a big plate. The veggies and ube were refreshing and needed to offset the pork belly. The pork belly had a great crisp on both sides, but the fat was overwhelming. It would uncomfortably stick in my mouth as I was chewing. 

Pinaputok Na isda - nice presentation and delicious flaky fish. I'd say this is the go-to dish on the menu. 

All dishes were pretty tasty, but pretty small. Some dishes like the dessert and pork belly lacked presentation points and were unmemorable.
Service was on point. Super friendly staff and very attentive. 5 stars. 

Ambiance and setting was great. Air conditioning was working well, even on a hot day. 5 stars.

Food was solid (though small quantities). 5 stars. 

Parking is rough. 

No rice to go with this amazing Filipino food. That's right...no rice. Rice.  Yes...rice. You know, the food that every Filipino meal essentially requires as a mandate from God himself.
Perla is one of our fav restaurants on Passyunk Ave so we're trying to help save it during this pandemic! We miss getting together with friends for their Kamayan dinners. It was always our go to place for celebrating anything (small but cozy, BYOB, and super friendly staff). 

The takeout meals for 2 are the closest thing to the dinners and are just as tasty. We ordered the pork shank meal, which came with rice, vegetables, and lumpia but NOT pandesal, so we added a half dozen pandesal and an order of halo halo. The meal came in a small party tray and was surprisingly pretty heavy when I picked it up! The portions were huge so we had leftovers between the two of us. All the sauces you would get at their Kamayan dinners were individually packed, and there was even a banana leaf layer on the bottom of the tray so it was a nice touch and I guess you could recreate the dinners at your own house if you really wanted.

The pork, rice, and vegetables were flavorful as always. The pandesal wasn't as soft as the other times we had it in the restaurant, but I toasted it in the oven and it was better. It also would have been nice if just two pieces of pandesal was included in the meal. The halo halo could use more ube. Overall, I would order everything again, but we look forward to when they can fully reopen their doors for in person dining!
Love this place for so many reasons! I was curious about Filipino food and this was my first foray. The ambiance, service and food were absolutely top notch the entire meal. 

We started with the octopus and the sisig. Both are must have items and packed full of flavor and texture. For mains we went with the short rib Kare kare and the bagnet. The short rib was just so-so, needed a little more salt but the accompanying eggplant and bok Choy were lovely. The bagnet (short rib) was absolutely fantastic. We ended the night with their Ube mousse which was also a delight. Service throughout was perfectly timed, kind and thoughtful. 

Well done, Perla! We will be back soon!
WOW, we were blown away by how delicious this meal was! We ordered delivery of the chicken for 2 which came with garlic rice, veggies (so tasty!), chicken, lumpia, and a trio of sauces. We added on some Pandesal and 2 desserts (ube cheesecake and coconut budino). Everything was delicious and we're already planning for our next order. This is the perfect meal for a nice night in. Thank you, Perla!
I went to perla for restaurant and walked away impressed. I hadn't checked it in depth before going so I was pleasantly surprised. I was expecting simpler foods and everything about the menu and service blew me away. 
The octopus is so delicious; one of the bests I've ev now had. The artic char was fresh. 
Ordered the short rib Karekare for an extra charge and it was so worth it. 
The pinaputok was fresh--surprisingly spicy; though I wished it was served with rice.  
For desert, we tried the ube--it comes with these macaroon looking pastry that is so good--we asked for more of them. Also tried the chocolate coconut sea salt panna cotta, which was tiny but rich in flavor. 
I will definitely go back to Perla and try their kamayan family style menu!
I did take out and ordered the chicken skewer dinner for two. It was delicious, the chicken was tender and tastey. I loved the veggies with coconut sauce the most, great flavor and combination of vegetables. The rolled side was deliscious as well (I forget the name of it), I enjoyed pairing it with the orange sauce. It was the perfect portion for my husband and I fr dinner! Will definelty order from them again!
We came for Kamayan dinner -- it was a cool experience to be eating off banana leaves, not something I've done much in Philadelphia. It's wonderful to have all the food piled up in the middle of the table! The food was good & service was great.

Here's a food breakdown -- I use ^ to indicate a half-star and * for a full star. So, ***^ means 3.5 stars:

****^ Sinangag: good, rice was fried with garlic, very fragrant
****Pinakbet vegetables: there was eggplant, beans, bok choy, Brussels sprouts, maybe some radish. All of it was nicely cooked, in a flavourful sauce & I wished there was more of it!
***^ Lumpia, ground pork fried up, like in a spring roll: tasty, good with the liver sauce
*** Lechon kawali, fried pork belly cubes:  ok, skin was crispy, but the meat was much too dry since it was fried to a crisp
**^ Chicken inasal: not bad, but overcooked & too dry for my taste, unfortunately only the thigh was good, the rest of the meat was dry, especially the drumstick which seemed dried out & crispy
** Whole Fish: ok, not very flavourful & overcooked

All the overcooked meats would've tasted better if more sauce had been provided, but only small dollops of sauce were provided -- not enough sauce to counter the dryness of the meat. We asked for more sauce when we finished ours, but we were only given an even smaller dollop. Unfortunately, they seemed rather stingy with the sauce. 

*** Dessert: Chocolate coconut pudding was okay. It was nice that they provided something else for those celebrating a special occasion

Maybe it was a bad day for the kitchen. Maybe it'd be better to dine a la carte.
I made a reservation with 4 of my friends to try the traditional kamayan style dinner. No regrets!

On layered banana leaves that covered the table, there was plenty of rice, moist and tender chicken, beautifully cooked and crisp fish, an array of vegetables (eggplant, asparagus, etc.), and some interesting sauces on the side. There was more than enough to go around, the amount of food was absolutely worth the $40/person price. We even got to pack what we didn't finish to go home. The dessert at the end was a textured cake; that was ok. 

It was a bit difficult trying to eat with only our hands for the first time, but the experience was incredible. The serves were quick, attentive, and very friendly. They filled our glasses of water up for us throughout our entire meal and checked up on us periodically. 

One of my friends is a strict vegetarian so the servers were kind enough to section off a vegetarian side just for her! They even differentiated the sauces to ensure that it was completely vegan. 

The restaurant itself is very intimate and cozy. Due to its small space, reservations are a must! This is also a BYOB joint. 

If you're in the area and you want to try a very authentic Filipino cuisine, I definitely suggest trying Perla! The food will not disappoint; very homecooked and delicious.
Perla was the most unique and delicious dining experience I had in Philadelphia so far! There's the element of fun when eating with your hands and I would highly recommend this to people who're tired of just eating out. I can't wait to come back and try their a la carte menus!
Our group of six had dinner at Perla this past weekends and it left me with a mix feeling about this place. 
We wanted to try the family style dinner this past Sunday (they only serves on Wednesdays and Sundays). When we arrived, there was one group in the restaurant, it seemed empty but perhaps our dinner was a bit early, around 5:30pm, or perhaps they only accept reservations so each group has a set time...The restaurant itself is a decent size with simple furnitures and decorations. The tables were covered with banana leaves as tablecloths. The hostess greeted us and sat us to our table. When my whole group arrived, the hostess and the two chefs came to greeted us and began to explain and arrange the food. My table of six people ended up having one and a half chicken, three fish, lumpia rolls, roast pork cubes along with a variety of vegetables over garlic rice. We each also got a piece of bread to start our dinner. 

Food: The garlic rice was nicely done. The chickens and the lumpia rolls were decent, the flavor was just right. However, I feel like the fish was a bit bland, it would be great with some spicy fish sauce aka nuoc mam. The roast pork was a bit greasy to our taste, a lot of fat and not enough meat portion. The bread was good, it has a nice sweet flavor to it. There are also desserts in the end. You can box the leftovers as well. 

Service: everyone was very attentive and friendly. Even the chefs came out to check on us. I really like the service here.

Cleanliness: There were flies flying in the restaurants while we were there. Perhaps because the door was open and it was a warm day, but I did not like to see flies near our food when we eat. We eat with our hands and they provided wet wipes for us to clean our hands. There is only one bathroom, it was clean. 

Overall, I think this place is a bit pricey for the quality of food we get. I would come back to try other items in the A La Cart menu but I would not likely to do family style dinner again. If you have not and want to experience the family style dinner, try it and see if you like it! This is a BYOB place so bring your drinks to add some fun to your dinner :)
Came here during restaurant week and was glad I was finally able to make it out here.  I love filipino food and was mainly holding out for one of their fam style kamayan dinner nights but somehow was having trouble finding a crew for this.  And so me and my buddy head in.  Forgot it was byo and was good my buddy brought a bottle of wine and we had a drink beforehand nearby.  Didn't realize that it was a 30 seat spot which had a good ambience.  Our server was a cute, friendly and had a trustworthy look to her and so I went with her suggestions.  The bread that we got after placing our order was slightly sweet like Hawaiian bread.  For the 1st course, I had the sigsig which is a mix of delicious pork jowl, pigs ear, chicken hearts, liver with garlic and topped with a fried egg.  I can't deny the traditional dish which tasted better than my buddies first course which I think was the unexpectedly fried Spanish octopus dish.  I could see he was disappointed that his meal was fried and that mine was so much better ha.  The 2nd course, I had the beef cheek kaldereta which was also pretty good and for me better than the Rohan duck. Ready which tasted liked a well seasoned steak (better than the duck hearts at Zahav, which seems an acquired taste).  Was glad this wasn't made with oz fail which I don't care for since I usually always wind up with grisly bites.  For the 3rd course I had to go with the flan, which was not the flan I had in 8th grade.  It was sweet and not overly so which each scoop.  Service was good and the food was excellent and I can't wait til I can get my hands sticky with the kamayan dinner!
Stepping into the restaurant it was very cozy and minimal. There aren't that many tables, so I can't imagine what dinner hour must feel like. I came here with 2 of my friends around 9:30 PMish and by then there weren't that many people left. We were seated very quickly which was great. 

If  you're seeking real Filipino food, like home cooked Filipino food because lets be honest, that's how you're most likely going to get it, then I wouldn't suggest coming to this place. Don't get me wrong, the food here is great and tastes delicious, however, it is more American style Filipino than anything else. The presentation is impeccable, makes you feel like you're in a upscale restaurant. My friends and I ordered the sisig, lichon, and pancit. 

The sisig was very soft and melt in your mouth, very different than the sisig I am used to which is crunchy/has varying textures. If you like calamansi, then you will love this because it is very strongly flavored with it (but not overpowering).  It was served in a small skillet about 7 inches in diameter. 

The lichon was crispy and accompanied with grilled lettuce (I think it was lettuce at least) and mushrooms. I didn't really enjoy the vegetables because they were charred, but it was deliberate charring not a mistake. 

The pancit was a bit lackluster, taste wise. The noodles were under a tent of jumbo shrimp. i felt like the dish was kind of imbalanced for that reason because of the ratio of noodles and the shrimp. That and there was some other vegetable that seemed out of place in the dish. This was probably my least favorite of the dishes. 

Overall, the staff was very friendly and the food was delicious. Our server recommended like 4 - 6 dishes since the portions are relatively small, but after the end of dinner my 2 friends and I were contently filled with the 3 dishes we ordered. If you come hungry to dinner, then you should probably get more plates, but if not then order less. I recommend this restaurant if you are looking to try new cuisines, but don't particularly feel like diving in too quickly. If you are looking for real Filipino food, this is not for you. Also this seems more like a special occasion place because it is a bit pricey, but the ambience + food quality makes it work it.
I highly recommend this place.  Lovely space and delicious food.  We had the Sinangag, Crispy Pata, and Pinaputok Na Isda.  Amazing.  The Crispy Pata is similar to lechon; similar but different.  And oh so good.  The fish was also great - the bones are in if that matters to you.  We also tried the ube dessert.  It was an unexpected delight, and has meringue and ube.  Amazingness .  The staff are wonderful staff and the place has a great ambiance.  We will be back.
I have mixed feelings about this place. As a Filipino who grew up in the Philippines I was expecting a lot more flavor. The adobo fell flat and the fried rice was trying too hard. The only thing I can say is this is a good introduction to Filipino food but for those who grew up in the Philippines and want a more traditional flavor, this is not for you. The sisig wasn't sizzling, and there was no egg or accompaniments that traditionally came with. I did however like the menudo, that was their saving grace. I wish they weren't afraid to put more traditional flavors and flair. I will try to give them one more chance and hopefully they won't let me down.
The restaurant itself is nestled in a great little neighborhood, in a small space (maybe a dozen tables), is decorated with a sense of minimalism, and is a BYOB. Having never had Filipino food, I was curious to discover what was in store. To start we had Brussels Sprouts, which were nicely done. For dinner my wife had the Crispy Pata (fried pork knuckle) which she loved, while I had the strip steak, which although good, didn't "wow" me. As a side we had the Sinangag (bone marrow, jasmine rice, garlic confit) which was amazing! I wish I could recall what we ordered for dessert, but both desserts were amazing and capped off the meal wonderfully. The second dessert came compliments of our waiter (who was incredibly friendly), to make up for the fact that we were asked to wait about 20 minutes to be seated for our reservation. We're looking forward to returning for the Kamayan (family style) menu, which is served on Wednesdays and Sundays.
Very impressed with the presentation.. but mostly with the taste of each dish!!
Coming from a Filipino household...Filipino food was always very tasty but didnt always look eye appealing.. but PERLA... gave Filipino Dishes a certain glam!! Presenting each dish like a piece of edible art! #Yum #GetInMyBelly!!
Fantastic. Definitely make a reservation because the space is small. This restaurant reminded me of the small "off the beaten path" places I used to find when I lived in Cambridge/Boston. There is minimal decoration and the sign is barely visible from the street. It shares an entry way with an apartment building and we thought we'd gone in the wrong place at first! It feels like discovering a hidden gem. Once inside, the staff is the perfect level of attentive and the food is delicious. We were there on a Wednesday for the family style menu. They offered plates and silverware but suggested eating with our hands. We went with hands and it was great. We brought a bottle of wine for byo with no corking fee. I will definitely be going back.
Finally made it out to Perla and it did not disappoint! I'm Filipino so I had fairly high expectations on the offerings. The dishes did not have a completely authentic Filipino flavor but we found the fusion taste to be quite refreshing. The pre-appetizer bread was Filipino pandesal that tasted much like ensamada with the salted butter accompaniment. Great start to the rest of the meal! We ordered the lechon, sinangag, and escabeche (octopus) and loved each one. The lechon had very crispy skin, the meat was tender, and the homemade mang tomas sauce was better than the original. The sinangag with bone marrow was my personal favorite... perfect execution. We will most definitely be back to try the kamayan offerings.
Definitely check this place out for their restaurant week! Their fixed menu actually offers a lot of options in the appetizers, entrees and desserts. For $35, I'd say this place is definitely worth your money. 

Reservations are recommended here since the place gets busy during restaurant week. Even for a single diner like myself, I still made a reservation. The entrance of Perla is really misleading because it looks like an entrance to a townhouse. I knocked on the door, but no one came to open it so I had to call the restaurant.

I wish I could have sat at a better location, but whatever. Now onto the food! I ordered the Spanish octopus appetizer, beef cheek kaldereta with the sinangag (+$13) and the flan for dessert. The spanish octopus was fried nicely, but I thought the dish lacked flavor. There wasn't really any kick to the dish itself. The entrees on the other hand absolutely blew my mind. The sinangag, which is their garlic fried rice with bone marrow was so good. Definitely a lot of garlic in the rice and the fatty bone marrow just made the dish even better. Of course I was also dying at this point because i decided to eat the sinangag with the beef cheek dish. The beef cheek kaldereta is also a heavy dish, but I thought the beef cheek was cooked wonderfully. The meat just tears apart and it's so juicy. 

Unfortunately, the server recommended the flan for dessert and I definitely did not have it. It wasn't bad in any way, but I think they should have recommended a lighter dessert since the entrees are quite heavy.

I wish lighting was better so I could show the pictures of the food, but overall good experience and good food. I'd give this $35 deal a thumbs up! Perla is also famous for their group dining experience where they literally dump the food on banana leaves on the table. It almost reminds me of Alinea in Chicago from Netflix's Chef's Table. Hope to be back soon!
I had a friend from out of town hearing about Perla and waiting to try it. I put us on the waiting list for their Sunday family dinner and eventually got off the wait list and the experience was amazing! So much food and the experience of eating awesome garlic rice with your hands is definitely a first. The sauces were really amazing and the dessert was interesting to say the least. For $40 and Byob, this was definitely worth it!!!
We went with a group of eight last Sunday for the Kamayan family style dinner. It was my first time at Perla, absolutely blown away. The food is spectacular, everything in front of you. Rice, veggies, chicken, ground pork, pork belly, chicken and whole fish. Plenty of food for everyone, eat with your hands, BYO, great ambiance. The owner/chef was out talking and serving everyone, a really memorable experience. At $40 per person, this will be the best $40 you spend in the city. Mixed reviews on dessert, I loved it, others did not, and I happily took theirs home; light chocolaty, salty, what more do you want?

Already made reservations to go back in a couple of weeks to try the a la carte menu.
Took a group of colleagues here for a group dinner (we wanted to try something different) and gave them a few pointers on 'primitive and practical style' of eating with your fingers, and how you can make an art of it....the food was cooked and flavored well.  They were able to accommodate us at the last minute....and they were able to give us separate checks (corporate travel expense purposes).  It's in a nice neighborhood....
I really wanted to like this place, but the food just didn't stand out to me.

I've been to other upscale Asian restaurants that attempt to modernize and "Westernize" Asian food (Jungsik in NYC does this well, for instance), and Perla fell flat compared to some of these other places.  For instance, all of the flavors were very muted and subtle in our dishes.  That's not necessary a bad thing, but it is when you're expecting Filipino flavors.  The duck adobo, for instance, had almost no adobo flavor.  Pretty disappointing.

The service was pretty spotty the night we went.  The food service was slow, but it was because there was a huge party at the same time.  The restaurant was nice enough to comp our desserts, so there's no complaints there on my end.  But things were pretty sloppy in general.  We had difficulty getting our silverware, for instance, and we weren't informed of the tasting menu option.

All in all, the place is just OK.  Not great, but not horrible.

Maybe things will get better as they find a groove.
Went for the kamayan dinner, what a great experience! 

Small cozy space so make sure you get a reservation. The whole concept of the kamayan dinner was a nice experience and very different from normal. Loved the banana leaves and needing to eat with your hands. The food was fantastic as well! Highlights were actually the mixed vegetables in coconut sauce, the spring rolls, and the chocolate pana cotta which went with the meal absolutely perfectly. BYO which is nice as well. And for the money you spend, you get a probably too large amount of food. Enough to take home for another meal easily. 

Honestly wasn't super impressed by the proteins that they cooked. The fish was nice in that it was a whole fish, but it was a bit bland. The sauces provided really kick it up a notch but on its own it was a bit lacking of flavor. Same could be said for the chicken as well. I haven't had this preparation of pork belly before so I'm not sure how good it was. 

If you're looking for a delicious, filling, and very unique dining experience I think this is THE thing to check out in philly.
Excellent BYOB! The restaurant itself is small, intimate, and well-decorated. The staff was exceptional; they provided great recommendations and explanations of some of the more exotic offerings. The menu is limited, but there are plenty of fish options and one vegetarian option for those with dietary restrictions. Everything we ordered exceeded expectations. My favorites were the two appetizers we ordered - the Spanish Octopus and the Sinigang (torched salmon belly); they both packed so much flavor without being overwhelming or heavy. I could drink the broth they poured over the salmon belly every day it was that good. The jasmine rice with bone marrow makes for an excellent side/addition to the main course, but it's a lot of rice (enough for 6 people to share). Unfortunately we were so full from the appetizers and entrees that we didn't get anything from the dessert menu, but they did sound delicious. 

I can't wait to come back with a larger group to try the Kamayan style!!!
Had a fantastic dinner with the family. We did the Kamayan and it was the perfect way to enjoy Perla with the child. Warm and welcoming and an intimate space. Would come back!
Wow, what a meal! My palate was absolutely blown away. If you are interested in some culinary adventure (and topnotch service by people who are extremely enthusiastic about the food they are serving you), then there is no better place to dine in Philly. I came here on a Friday night with my fiancé and another couple. This place is byo, so we brought four bottles of wine (we like our wine).  The restaurant appears to be a converted row home. It is small and cozy but nicely designed. It is definitely a classy but comforting atmosphere. When we arrived, the hostess greeted us and sat us immediately. The server was very excited to tell us about the menu. 

We ordered off of the a la carte menu since the family style option was not available that night (I definitely need to try that soon). We ordered so much food! For appetizers, we ordered the scallops, octopus, and sisig. The sisig was by far the tastiest appetizer, but everything was very delicious. The seafood was cooked well and tasted very fresh. The sisig is a hearty meat stew served in a skillet. It is quite heavy but the portion is not too excessive. It is a great appetizer for four. A few bites of this amazingly flavored appetizer is the best way to start any meal. 

For dinner, my fiancé ordered the short rib. Our friends ordered the monk fish and duck breast. I ordered the crispy mata (pork knuckle). We order the bone marrow rice dish for the table. 

I have to start off my saying that the bone marrow rice was some of the best rice I've ever had. The bone marrow gives the rice a rich and delicious flavor. They do not sell sides of rice so if you want rice you have to get the bone marrow (my one suggestion would be to offer sides of rice as well). 

The crispy mata was so wonderfully crispy on the outside and amazingly tender and meaty on the inside. I ate that thing to the bone! It instantly became one of my favorite meals in Philly and I cannot wait to order again. I will say it is a unique entree and not for everyone. If you like crispy pork, like authentic pork, and fatty pork parts, then this dish is for you. 

The desserts were also amazing. We ordered a chocolate mousse and cookies and ice cream.  Both were out of this world. 

If you like to have a few drinks with your meal, then this place is actually cheaper than full bar restaurants because it is byo. If you don't drink, you may find the prices a bit high, but I find it very much worth it. I can't wait to come back.
The Kamayan which is only done on Sunday and Wednesday was a great experienced. This experienced is unlike any other restaurant be been to because you're required to eat with your hands, with that said, licking your fingers might be something you might not be able resist because the food served is so tasty and delicious.
I went here for the standard dinner service, not the traditional style dinner. The food was really great. I had the crispy pig knuckles, which were amazing. The ambience is nice too. Intimate without loud music or being too dark. It's also not especially loud. At nearly $30 a plate, I would've expected a bit more food though. Do yourself a favor and listen to your server's suggestion to order the jasmine garlic rice to share. It's a BYO, which I like. It struck me as not being kid friendly, but there were a few kids there. Definitely make reservations though. This place seats less than 30. 

Sidebar: ventilation is important in a restaurant. Especially an open kitchen.  I left smelling like my delicious meal, which was fine at first. But the next day my coat smelled like a deep fryer. That wasn't exactly ideal. Wouldn't stop me from going again though. I'll just make sure to go on laundry day! Zing!
Feeling pretty darn lucky right now. Literally just walked out of Perla after enjoying the Kamayan family dinner, feeling absolutely stuffed - I don't have just a food baby in my belly, but probably food  twins.

My husband and I walked in without a reservation (not even knowing that the menu was going to be the family style prix fixe) and luckily were seated immediately. Turns out the Kamayan dinner was recently expanded to Wednesdays, open to tables of 2. (Normally on Sundays with minimum res of 4. Turns out we got someone's cancelled res. Perfecto.)

The table was covered in banana leaves, no plates or utensils. (They're available if you want them, but traditionally Kamayan is eaten with your hands.) Chef Lou brought us some sweet rolls, then came back to pour some aromatic deliciousness onto the table: sinangag (garlic fried rice), pinakbet (veggies), lumpia (spring rolls), 1/2 chicken inisal, a whole fried fish, lechon kawali (pork belly).. as well as two housemade sauces. 

OH MY GOD. It was nuts. It was delicious. It was serendipity. You just have to try it and experience it for yourself. It was one of the most delicious and interesting meals I've had in a long time! And the pork belly... SO crispy. I thoroughly enjoyed it. 

Didn't catch the servers name, but he was super friendly and was very attentive to our drinks. Happy belly = happy girl.
I had been wanting to go to Perla for awhile and i finally made it in! I was more than impressed with everything that we ordered and I am already ready to go back!
I ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS PLACE! Not many places I would give 5 stars to, but definitely this restaurant. I came here twice, and both times for the Kamayan dinner.

Food:
The food here is delicious. I have to admit that I never came here on a typical night when they serve normal a la carte dinner entrees, but I can imagine that it's amazing just by association of how good the Kamayan dinner is. They lay out big leaves and and just place all the food on top of it. The food includes whole chickens, fried fish, egg rolls, crispy frikin' amazing pork, very well-seasoned veggies, and very flavorful rice. It's also unique in that you can choose to eat with your hands, which definitely adds to the cultural experience. It is pricey though, as each person is ~$50 for this special dinner. A la carte entrees on the other hand is typical pricing. The place is BYOB as well, which is a plus.

Ambiance/Environment/Service
I would say this place is very "cozy." It's small, and can hold about under 50 customers. This place is great to come with a big group, or with a date. You can make reservations beforehand as well. If it's crowded with multiple people drinking alcohol, it can get a bit noisy. However, I never had to yell to be heard. Service is decent, and on average there is 1-2 servers. Since the restaurant is small, that is pretty much all they need. Easy to get their attention as well.

Pros: Food, food, BYOB, experience
Cons: Price
Recommendation: YES! Definitely the Kamayan dinner at least once!
Come for their Wednesday or Sunday night kamayan feast and you will blown away.  It is best enjoyed with friends and it's a BYOB!!!

Simple food, prepared with love and care is the name of the game here but with everything so full of flavor, the fried fish and pork belly and roasted chicken were all spectacular.  And at $40/person is it one of the most affordable tasting menus out there.  Also ask for the mango habanero sauce, it give everything a little extra kick that was absolutely to die for.  If you are on the fence. about eating with your hands, get off that fence and dive in hands first with both eyes open.  This is undoubted one of the best places in the city.  And I do not say that lightly.  I kept going back over my meal wondering if there was anything that I could find fault, and I'm really picky and honesty I could not. I will sing their praises until everyone I know has been here.  

Run don't walk to Perla, I'd love to try their regular menu sometime as well, and will update review once I do.
I emailed Perla a few months ago with questions about having a private party there on a Saturday night. They were great & easy to work with and last night was the big day; my guests were so impressed with the ambiance, the experience and the food's quality and quantity. We did the Kamayan dinner, there were whole fish, halved chickens, delicious bok choy, eggplant, onions & carrots, lumpia, pork belly and delicious rice. There was more food than we could have possibly eaten in one sitting, but we sure tried! The staff was extremely gracious & accommodating, we couldn't have had a better experience. Thank you to Linda and the rest of the Perla team!
There's a new policy - no take out and they only offer a $45 option. I was a single diner and even though it's just me they would've made me get the meal for 2. Makes absolutely no sense.

And we're still in covid-times. Not everyone wants to dine in at a restaurant.
Incredible Filipino dinner! Come for the family style meals, offered on Wednesday & Sundays. Such a great deal for the amount of food you're getting! 

Atmosphere: Feels like you're walking into an apartment complex at first, but the interior is quite cozy. Dim lighting, and banana leaves set on each table. Not too loud, though the tables are quite close to each other.

Service: Staff is very friendly, and are sure to ask for any dietary restrictions/allergies before bringing out the feast! 

Food: Starts off with a small mound of bread, almost like a piece of fried dough. The food comes out relatively quickly (within 25 minutes), starting off with a large spread of garlic rice - you can smell the garlic aroma! Vegetables come after, a mix of green beans, eggplant, bok choy, and brussel sprouts soaked in coconut sauce on top of the rice. Next, the protein - slightly sweet chicken, fish, fried pork belly, and meat spring rolls, along with sauces that pair well with each (I enjoyed the sweet sauce paired with pork belly the most). Finishes up with chocolate panna cotta, with pomegranate and a tad bit of sea salt - not too sweet, and a great end to a massive meal! Definitely a bit too much rice, especially after eating so much of the meat and fish - I personally wish there were more vegetables to balance out the meat; they were soaked in the coconut sauce and so flavorful!

Notes: It's BYOB, and you eat with your hands, although you can ask for utensils if you'd like! 

Recommended must-try: 100% recommend family style and especially eat a lot of the vegetables!! 

Overall: 5/5 - Incredible food, service, and price for the amount. It's also just a different, fun experience sharing a meal on banana leaves, without utensils. Definitely would love to come back!
