What's all the hype about? Talk about a let down, womp...womp!! 

It's a bready Italian hero, with thinly sliced grilled ribeye steak with cheese whiz and semi-grilled chopped onions.  I was expecting the earth to move and the skies to part with all of this talk about the infamous cheesesteak. Maybe it's just me, nope it is me, 'cause I felt no earth moving anything. It was just meat and not a lot of meat mind you, cheese and onions on a hero that was way too bready for me. Whoopitydooo!

I am honest in all my reviews and will admit that my pic clearly looks better than it tasted. But, I will add, you should go and judge for yourselves, you may like it. As for me, been there, done that and won't waste my time. I'll stick to a 16oz bone-in ribeye medium rare with perfectly grilled onions and potatoes, most certainly no comparison but at least I know I'll be happy. 

Two and a half stars for the bright looking clean location and their efficiency.
After a long and stressful day, I typically like to finish out with a couple drinks and a bite at a quiet bar. On a recent stressful day, all I wanted was to go home and go to bed, but my man was not going to let that happen. He gently reminded me that I hadn't eaten since lunch time and that we should at least pick up something to bring home. When I relented and revealed that I had been craving a cheesesteak all week, we were off to the legendary Philip's Steaks. 

I waited in the car watching for the nearest PPA agent to jump from the shadows while my fiancé went to retrieve our food. He was back to the car in moments, bags in hand. At home, we shared an "Old Fashioned" steak, topped with provolone, tomatoes and super hot peppers. For me, they were actually a touch too hot and I had to do some work to pull off a bunch of those little seeds so that I could get through my half. But damn, was that steak tasty. I really enjoyed it, fire-in-mouth notwithstanding. The cheese fries were also delish - tons of cheez whiz on those suckers. I would have preferred a touch more salt on the fries, however. We shared this meal in near silence over our kitchen counter and it could not have been a more perfect or appropriate way to end the night. 

If you haven't been to Philip's, add it to your cheesesteak rotation pronto.
Philips Steaks is one of my favorites cheesesteak joints in Philly. I was at the light with my window open , nice little breeze going on that day. All of a sudden this breeze brought in a delicious smell, this beautiful aroma dancing around in my truck I knew what this was. Philips dead ahead in my peripherals , mouth salivating, stomach growling then the light turns green all of the sudden my truck is possessed. I found myself in line , I didn't care all I know is I am getting a wiz wit. 

The line was moving at a descent pace, then all of a sudden it just stopped. I thought what is going on here, did they run out of steak, no more wiz, ok I'll go with American if need be. It was a rookie that caused this minor stoppage in the pursuit of my happiness, the looks this kid had gotten, the comments in front of me that at first I didn't understand until then.

 This kid, or rookie asked if this was like Pats? Are you kidding me?!  Are you on a death wish? It is like a Cowboys fan , or Mets fan walking around in the old Vet in the 700 level with a foreign jersey. Is this like Pats? Get out of my line rookie, professionals are at work here. 

Finally I had made it up to the window, the guy working his magic was still laughing at the situation that had just occurred. I had ordered a wiz wit, but I added American cheese to the mix. The meat is a thousand times better than Genos or Pats, something called quality. The onions mixed in with the meat made it an even better taste, with the added cheeses. With every bite it was an explosion of deliciousness with the Wiz and American working like a tag team duo. Sloppy ? Yea a little.  Did I care? NO!  Was it good?  Yes, its like asking a hockey player if the ice is cold. 

I didn't go with fries this time , because I had other priors in mind, little fed nut to bring home, so I had to keep some room. 

Great spot, great flavors, great crew in there doing there thing trying to make you satisfied. I meant to take a picture of my beauty , but by the time it registered I was down to a nub.

( Is this like Pats HAAA HAA still laughing about it ! )
I am visiting from Hawaii, so my Philly street cred is right out the door. 

That being said, I stumbled across this place after a night of mad insomnia from the jet lag of a six hour time difference. I was starving!

In my delirium, I just drove my rental car down a random street hoping it might lead to food.

Like a nighttime oasis in downtown, these yellow orange lights told me that this place is something special. 

I pulled up right in front at 2:00 am which would be right around supper time according to my body clock. 

I ordered a cheese steak with provolone. 

Remember that movie the Coneheads, when Dan Akroyd was hawking subway, and devoured his sandwich in about three seconds?

He was slow compared to the speed I wolfed this thing down. 

How do you guys in Philly survive not having to see your cardiologist monthly with this kind of food around?

If it does do you in, I'm sure you would be very happy going that way. 

Now I can die a happy man, having a great Philly Cheese Steak knocked off my bucket list.

Aloha!
I had heard good things about Philip's so it came to mind as a potential venue for a quick cheesesteak after a local gathering. Our group of six was efficiently attended to all at the right-side window. Service wasn't friendly but it wasn't grouchy either. It was just what you'd expect from a walk-up food window.

I ordered a cheesesteak with whiz and no onions. The bread was good albeit thin and the cheese was well-proportioned. My issue was the meat. I can't deal with a kick in my food, and it seems that they cooked it on the same surface as hot peppers. I don't tolerate peppers well so it was way, way too spicy for me.

I'd maybe return in the future but I wouldn't try a cheesesteak again unless I confirmed it had been nowhere near peppers. I doubt that's even possible, so I guess it'd be safer to try one of their hoagies or hot dogs instead.
This place is soooo homophobic it's unbelievable.
By all means go where you choose to, but it just fathoms me that people will keep on hating, it truly is sad...
My boyfriend and I live fairly close to this place and haven't honestly frequent it a lot because my boyfriend went once and said the cheesesteak wasn't anything special so I never went.
We decide to go tonight after the bar for a late night snack with a friend who is a heterosexual male. Our friend ordered first then between him and us my boyfriend and I heard through the window "well let's just get them the fuck out of here" I assumed he was talking about my boyfriend and I from the tone of his voice. Our friend stepped in and asked if there was a problem and the guy at the cash register who was not the guy who made the comment. Things sufficed, I decided to go to the car while my boyfriend ordered. The next thing I know my boyfriend came to the car empty handed and said he decided to not buy food because he over heard one of the employees use the word "faggot" and I'm sorry but that is completely disrespectful, arrogant and rude. 
Anyone who is using that word, especially using that word to their CUSTOMERS should be FIRED IMMEDIATELY. 
These are the people who don't give a fuck about peace or genuinely caring about others. These are the people who are blind and immature and can't see through all the hate in our world. It's makes me said because I am a gay male and I love the world and people. How could I ever hate someone because of who they are without even knowing them? It's saddens me
And disgusts me and I will never go there ever again and I will let everyone I know, know about
This situation and hopefully things will change. We can only hope.
When one asks which spot makes the best cheesesteak in Philly, one must also ask whether they like their meat sliced or chopped. I prefer my meat sliced as it preserves flavor and moisture so Philips, Genos, Steves prince, Joes aka Chinks all rank higher than the likes of Jims etc which serve the chopped variety. 

When executed properly, Philips is top 5 in the city and I consider myself of a cheesesteak connoisseur who have tried pretty much every location in the city and have developed my own unofficial ranking system. Philips produces an excellent balance between all the major ingredients all equally important (roll, steak, cheese, onions). I have deducted one star for consistency. I've had this steak approx 4 times including the cheesesteak festival and at times, the meat can be overcooked and the flavors and texture all blend together instead of standing out.
Whenever anyone asks me what I like better, Pat's or Geno's, I always answer, "Philip's of course." I love this place. There are a number of great reasons this is the best steak spot in town. But let's just talk about the steak.  Some places like to chop the meat like crazy when it's on the grill, giving it an almost ground meat consistency. Most pizza places do this, and so does Jim's and Dallesandro's. Geno's and Pat's, and Tony Luke, and Steve's Princess Steaks, all leave the steak unchopped, which is better. But Philip lands right in the middle, he chops it a couple times. And there is plenty of meat, without it being ridiculous. The meat is fresh cut every morning. Philip himself told me that he does it most of the time. And due to the fact that it's kinda out of the way, there's never a long line and they make your steak to order. It's not sitting on a pile or in a warmer like the busy places at cheese steak corner. And Philip's will accommodate any special order. My friend likes his steak with sauce, and he likes it cooked with the sauce on the grill, and he likes a lightly sauteed hoagie onion, not the chopped onions, and they'll do that for him, no problem. try asking somebody at Pat's or geno's or jim's to do that. you'll get stabbed, or at least glared at and told to move to the back of the line. Anyway, this place is the best. So if you're in your car trying to park at pat's and geno's, just keep driving and go up to broad street, make a left, and then make a right at passyunk. it's about 5 min's down the road. the extra time you spend in your car will be handed back to you in spades when you can just walk right up to the counter and get your delicious steak right away. All without freezing your ass in line, and trying not to get in a fight with one of the hundreds of drunk douchebags around you. No excuses, Philip's is open all night, too.
Philip's Steaks was the most mediocre cheesesteak I've ever had. You can go to any local spot and get the same cheesesteak and be more satisfied than getting one from here. The cheesesteak was super small and the roll they used had to be old or something. When I was chewing it it was super chewy and just had that old taste to it. The fries were even worse they had no salt on them and they tasted like they were straight out of the freezer. For a small box of fries it was $4 it was definitely not worth the trip.
Craving a cheesesteak at all hours; but feel like avoiding the long line, neon overkill, and xenophobia of the tourist steak joints? Then this is the spot for you!

Like many have I first came across Philip's after a long night of mayhem across the better part of Passyunk (and a stopover at The Dolphin). While I can say I remember too many details about the evening, I was able to store pleasant memories of warm juicy steak, sharp provolone, perfect mushrooms, criminally hot sauce and then some! And since then I've been living that glory in the mushroom and pizza steak variety!

Philip's is a a little off the beaten path in a nondescript shack. But it has plenty of awesome people working there who listen to your order beyond the fatal "whit wiz". The other thing that makes it a winner is that you can order well beyond cheesesteaks by savoring hoagies, roast pork sandwiches, fries, chicken fingers, and then some!
Have been ordering for over 20 years from here. Had a bad experience approximately 2 weeks ago with the cheese fries, so called tonight to confirm that they didn't switch up on the quality of the cheese, and it was confirmed. Wellll, received order today and once again, poor quality of cheese. Pretty waxy and thin, not appetizing. The steak was just ok. Wouldn't suggest wasting money here, short cuts are for short folks.
All I do is eat cheese steaks. I eat them at least 3 times a week and yes i am proud of that.

This place is a bully in the Top 10. Def top 5 and maybe even top 3 in the city! I would say this is hands down the best Steak in S. Philly and also the best Value. No Neon lights , just Solid meat portions, decent amount of cheese and the roll is nice. They are consistent. I have never eaten a bad sandwich from here. The staff is courteous and doesn't try that tough tony BS when you order.

This is a must stop on the cheese-steak tour!
I decided to try both Pat's and Philip's to settle this dispute. I got to say... after eating at Philip's at noon with the lunch crowd, this place deserves a higher rating.

Here why I now think Philip's has the best cheesesteak in Philly (aka why I prefer Philip's over Pat's):
+Pricing: You save $1.75 at Philip's. A cheesesteak with onions an cheese whiz goes for $9.50 at Pat's, while it is only $7.75 at Philip's.
+Staff is a lot friendlier at Philip's. Plus, the guy that works the cash register is pretty cute ;p
+Cheese whiz isn't overly salted at Philip's. Although Philip's cheese whiz is runny, it is nicely paired with a thick roll (and a few napkins) to slop up all dat cheese whiz. 
+After I eat a cheesesteak at Philip's, my stomach isn't filled with a deep pit of sorrow where all diet dreams go to die - like at Pat's. Pat's cheesesteaks are a heavier, and I left with a food coma.

For me, I felt like the meat and rolls were comparable, and it really came down to the cheese whiz. Philip's cheesesteaks are a bit runny with a bit a cheese whiz leaking out, but I'm willing to deal with the mess for this AMAZING cheesesteak.
The moment I landed in Philadelphia, my cousin took me straight here to Philip's Steaks for a Philly Cheesesteak! I was informed that all the popular places like Geno's, Pat's, & Tony Luke's was a bit hyped up.

This place is located across a 7-11 and on a scary looking street lol SERIOUSLY. well to me, it seemed scary, I don't know the area & plus it was about 11PM when we got there. OH and how awesome is this place to be opened 24 hours!? This would be a great place to go to after a night of drinking ;]

So I arrived, the place isn't flashy at all. You make your order at the window. The workers were very nice & friendly! :) I wasn't sure on what to order so my cousin ordered me a "whiz with" I wasn't sure what whiz what, then I found out its CHEESE WHIZ! lol YUm
My Philly cheesesteak came with whiz and grilled onions. Like everyone said, the bread/meat/cheese/onion ratio was perfectly proportioned :) 

The verdict: it was DELICIOUS! melts in your mouth & very juicy. YUMMM I finished the entire thing within 10 minutes! To be honest, I dont eat cheesesteaks but I liked it so much that before heading back home to California, at 3am, I stopped by to pick some up to bring back home ;) 

Oh yeah, I believe this place is CASH ONLY!
Pretty much the same as Pat's.  The best I can say about this cheese steak is that it's average.  If you've been to any of the 'famous' steak joints, this pretty much equals them.  I'm not really a fan, but when you just gotta eat something they should do the job.
Why only three stars for the legendary Phillip's Steaks, you ask?
Well, I never heard of Philip's until my friends took me there after a UYE in South Philly. No offense Philip. 
It was located a bit off the beaten path and needed a car ride. When we got there, I realized it was more of a grab-n-go spot, so we decided to order and go back to my place. 
I ordered a Pizza Cheesesteak from a walk-up window. It came on a half loaf of Aversa's soft Italian bread, with generous thin rib-eye slices and raw onion on it. Yes, raw!!!


Philip's Cheesesteak wasn't my absolute favorite, but thats personal preference.

Three Yelps.
CASH ONLY!!!!!!
CASH ONLY!!!!!!
CASH ONLY!!!!!!

*  *  *  The following is a cheesesteak review by a Philly native *  *  *

So the name... it didn't really grab me, not at 1am getting off our plane, without having eaten for over 9 hours. "Philip's Steaks," what, like Uncle Phil from FPoBA? Only Aunt ("awnt") Viv called him "Philip." (I think we can all agree that Aunt Viv was best played by Janet Hubert.) But I digress, that's where my fatigued mind wandered, without food, at 1am.

I was tired, but sober, and hangry. I just got off the shuttle from airport to DoubleTree (where our car was parked) with driver + attendant, who smelled and looked high as kites, driving dangerously with my baby in the van. I was NOT in a good mood.

I have to say, after the initial pain in the rear of getting cash at the ATM (at 7eleven across the street), I was delightfully surprised by Uncle Phil's version of the cheesesteak, fit for a Fresh Prince.

Roll was fresh, soft but with a bit of exterior crunch, good Ital. bread flavor. Meat was in long, thin sheets as opposed to the pre-eaten look when they chop the heck out of it. I prefer it the way Phil does it. Meat tasted quality, too, like real steak, not vague steakish/burgerish flavor. Ratios of meat:cheese:bread were just right, but while tasty, the onions were too plentiful. They dropped out of my sandwich like rain, and I actually shook a few more into my wrapper, because it was a little much for me. Hey, easy edit, and I'd rather too many I can remove than too few. Sandwich was nice and hot, but not burning my mouth, nor steaming up inside the wrapper to make it soggy. They did all that packaging stuff perfectly!

I have to say this was better than my last steak at Sonny's. I was impressed, and super happy to learn about Phil's because they're a 24/7 and that is very handy knowledge for a Philadelphian.

I did have to take a star off for the cash only part. That's my Yelp rule. Otherwise, I would be proud to take an out-of-towner here, for sure!

So Philip, I don't know who you are, but in my mind, you're Uncle Phil (the late James Avery), dishing me up some lovely cheesesteaks, any hour, any day. Thank you, Uncle Phil!
Old Fashioned. Old Fashioned all the way. I enjoyed that thing. I hadn't had a cheese steak in ages either. This was a good one to get me back in the game, pals. If you like your long hots, and I do, ( I can't live life without them in my life) then you are in luck. 

Hot, hot long hots a plenty are piled on this sliced rib eye style cheese steak. There's also griddled up tomatoes on that Old Fashioned too- and plenty of melty provolone. Super tasty, people. Super tasty. Get yourself over to this lil steak shack.

And I'm gonna level with you here, I'm generally a little more choppy steak over here, versus sliced. I certainly have had some great sliced steaks in my day, but you know, all too often there'll be some tough, dry, chewy, gristly disappointment sandwiches that'll come your way. I get trepidations. Now worries about any of that nonsense. Not here! I found the meat to be tender and beefy, beefy flavorful. How bout that? That there was a good cheese steak, the oooold fashioned way. 

It's a juicy one- eat it on the double! You don't wanna let that roll turn to sog. Eat it in the car in their parking lot, tearing into it like a wild animal who can somehow also drive.

24/7?! Good. To. Know.
After leaving the Phillies game, I was walking around with my YELP app open, sweat dripping down my calves trying to figure out which cheesesteak place I should hit up . Of course Pat's and Geno's had the two most reviewed places, but they also had some of the worst reviews....Seriously, Geno's has over 1200 reviews and are 2.5 stars? 

Yeah, I don't care if they are famous, I'm not dropping 11 bucks for a mediocre cheesesteak and poor service. Found this place Phillip's instead on Yelp and that's how I decided where I was going...so thank you Philly yelpers for that. 

Anyways, after locking my doors and passing pawn shops and a western union I found this shining beauty. Got a cheesesteak ($8) with provolone and onions, came out fresh, tasty and with manners.  The meat was tender and there was a swell proportionate of mushrooms. I'm glad I went here to get my cheesesteak fix, it definitely deserves more props. Just because you aren't famous, doesn't mean you aren't delicious.
I told him EVERYTHING on it. Ended up with only onions... I was iffy about event going because I heard it was subpar. But went anyway. I regret my choice and wasted the money on something I ended up giving my dog
this is very hard for me to do. but after been a loyal customer to these guys for so long 10+ years easy. I never had back to back to back an awful cheese steak. tonight topped it off. over the last few months I been seeing changes to the spot. looks like new owners or new management. benches are put out, they have their logo on napkins & the wrappers now. but they changed the bread, got super cheap on the meat & the ppl they have attitude problems. the old ppl who ran Phillips before are now at Oregon steaks which is a 5 mins drive from Here. Phillips are no longer my go to for steaks & it hurt me writing this but it's a must.'
This is part of the Crusade for Greatest Cheesesteak in Philadelphia trip I did. Philip's Steaks was the second stop on our list, partially due to a navigation malfunction but either way it was number 2. When we got to Philips we had already known they had an old-fashioned, something that was supposed to be nostalgic of the original cheese steak creation.  When we went to order they guys inside seemed a bit rushed. In about 5 minutes time he asked us what we wanted to order, we got the old-fashioned and in minutes got our sandwich. Steak, provolone, tomato, sweet peppers and onions, a great combo. The sandwich from this small shop had some big flavors. I have to say if I wasn't planning on eating at 10 other shops today I probably would have eaten a whole one, my mouth is watering just thinking about it. 

The place itself is a small ship on the corner. There is counter space to eat on but no chairs in site. On the plus side they do have a parking lot which is a huge plus when going to these shops.
Shortly after I left Jim's cheesesteak on South Street I had the urge to double eat again. After a few local recommendations, I casually strolled through the heart of South Philly, skipping landmarks such as Gino's and Pat's in search of my favorite cheesesteak.

Out comes Phillips, a hole-in-the-wall street corner dive restaurant.  I had no idea what part of town I was in - and whatever it was, I sure felt like I was a movie extra in the original Rocky.  The rugged staff at Phillip's were friendly, but it was obvious they would fight and die for their Philadelphia Eagles. 

Note: learn how to order a cheesesteak properly - I went with a Large whiz with onions, mushrooms and hot peppers.

5 minutes later, out comes this behemoth, juicy, piping hot sandwich that I couldn't take my eyes off of it.

Let me remind you: I just ate a large at Jim's.. 20minutes ago?

Note#2: Cheese whiz dripping down the side of a cheesesteak sub is one of the greatest visuals known to mankind.

If the judges allow my amateur pallet to cast a vote, I'd put this cheesesteak right up there as one of the best in Philadelphia.
I had no clue Philips even existed. I honestly thought my friend was making it up when she suggested going there.

It was your quintessential South Philly cheesesteak establishment. It really looked like the rest of them. Please note that this one is cash only.

There wasn't a big crowd so the ordering process was fairly easy. We received our sandwiches from the same window that we ordered. The staff wasn't overly enthusiastic nor friendly. 

My cheesesteak with American, pepper and onion was good late night eats and had all of the steak sandwich must-haves. It did the trick for soaking up some beverages but wasn't any culinary masterpiece. 

I'd give them another try but they are not getting a place on my coveted best cheesesteak in Philly list.
My go-to cheesesteak place. 

I always leave Philip's with a happy and full tummy, and also somehow have a little bit of my cheestesteak left over (of course it's not the same coming out of my microwave the next day). The cheese fries are tasty and Philip's has birch beer, yays.
Phillips is by far the better option for a cheesesteak on Passyunk.... Its not near any of the people watching or shopping spots in town, unless you're gonna people watch in BJ's or the Dollar Tree around the corner. But its worth the drive since the steaks are made when you order them. Not just sitting on a grill waiting to be bought. I love that they have great fries that are dropped per order also. Can't figure out why you have to pay for and pickup your fries and drinks from a separate window than where you order your sandwich, but its a minor inconvenience. When my wife and kids want to cross the bridge for a cheesesteak, Phillips is the place they ask for. Great food, and no attention seeking owners with over inflated egos there.
Another small, outside cheesesteak place, eat in your car on a cold day.  Philips is basically an ordering window and a narrow metal counter.  Oh, they recently put a table out on the sidewalk.  They kinda just plopped Philips down in a weird location, but bestowed upon it the gift of Philly cheesesteaks.  

This is one of the better places to hit for a Philly cheesesteak.  Their Old Fashioned cheesesteak (with Italian long hots and fried tomatoes) is one of my personal favorites.  

They have a few other things on the menu, but who cares?  Philip's is part of our standard cheesesteak rotation.
Well, I have to say, I think Philip's is officially my favorite cheesesteak joint in Philadelphia. It's not located at the greatest area, but it's close to my parent's and I've actually had their cheesesteak before when I was a young'un. The cheeses offered were American, Provolone, and Whiz. I had American just because my friends each ordered the others. 

When we finally unwrapped our sandwiches, the first thing you notice is how small it looks and it immediately looks like they were stingy with the meat. However, after getting to the meat part, it was just right for the size of the firm bread. The taste... it isn't all juiced up like Gooey's (cuz you know, Gooey's has got to be gooey), but it wasn't dry. It was enough to enjoy without having a napkins around constantly. The meat was also salty and had a terrific flavor. For the price (about $6-$7), it was a great sandwich and worth every dollar.

I'm not steak connoisseur, but I know what I like in a steak. If I'm in the mood for one, this is the place I'd hit up.

I don't know about drinks since we totally forgot about it and we all paid in cash. Parking is pulling up next to the place or you can just park in the lot in the complex and walk on over.
My first cheesesteak in Philly...ever. I wish we would've started somewhere else. 

I had no idea what we were getting into. Phillips is almost the first thing you see coming off the highway and we were so hungry we picked it. The ordering process was weird for me. Lots of people standing around, no line ever formed, having to go to two different windows depending on what you needed, the lack of condiments.

I still don't know the correct way to order a true Philly cheesesteak but what I got cannot be the cheesesteaks that I've heard people rave about. The meat was dry and unseasoned. The whole thing was just dry dry dry. They had bulk condiment containers which seemed wrong during these Covid times and of course the mayo was all out. I think my boyfriend scrounged up a few packets for me but nothing could save this. 

It wasn't a memorable meal. I can't even remember if the fries were good. We ended up getting dinner at our hotel since we were still hungry. I will be getting recommendations next time cause this was not the best that Philly had to offer.
I ate a whole cheese steak and I'm still hungry . Cashiers don't even say hello when spoken to. Look, I'm from Philly and I get the whole Philly attitude but at least be courteous to customers. The bread was chewy as hell...I think I'm still chewing on that roll smh. Hardly any meat and I didn't taste any onions on my steak. You won't get my $20 again pal. Nope and double nope.
As someone who has been living in Philly for a very long time, and really enjoys cheesesteaks - Philip's has been on the back of my mind for a while because I had yet to try it. Tonight was my first time, and it really pains me to say that this is the worst cheesesteak I've ever had in my life. Usually cheesesteaks are good in general, even if they're not that great (kind of like pizza), but this one was just inedible. It literally just tasted like chemicals - very odd. Also, definitely steer clear of the random pizza roll that's on their menu, this was awful and tasted like chemicals as well. Not sure why this place claims to be "a local legend" - this is an embarrassment to Philly. 

I really love my city and the food that exists here from local businesses. It hurts to have to post a review like this, but I just can't let this go. For anyone reading this review, please don't go here for a cheesesteak (especially if you've never had a cheesesteak before). Go to John's roast pork, Jim's on south st, Tony Luke's, or Prince's.
It's infrequent that I break from the norm. But I'm eager to do so when at Philip's.

When I say the norm, I mean wiz with. It's the standard, used to judge all cheesesteak places. 

That being said, I must encourage you to try something a little different here. 'The Old Fashioned'-- steak with sharp prov, tomatoes, oregano, peppers (hot or sweet) and onions if you choose. A lot of things going on at once, but it's worth it. 

Their regular steak is no slacker either. I have it in my top ten in the city.
Being reluctant to try this place as a typical tourist to try Geno's .... we grabbed a wiz wit anyways.

Wow!
It was super good and greasy like a good steak should be. I was only suppose to eat half but you know ...
Nice people working the counter not pretentious at all like the big tourist traps. 
Maybe a little more meat but it was gone in 30 secs so who's counting anyways?
When doing bar crawls in Philly, nothing quite hits the spot when you're tipsy more than a greasy ass cheesesteak. My mushroom cheesesteak and fries did exactly that.  I don't really remember anything about it that would make want to rush back here over the vast amounts of other cheesesteak places, but I do remember scarfing that thing down and passing out after a long night out on the town.  Ahh ... I always have such good memories when I vist Philly!
So I came here after hearing a lot of hype about the Cheesesteaks and I have to say- I wasn't really impressed. 

I came here with someone who is from the area and he always talked about how people come from all over to come here. We pulled up in front of the place around 10:30 pm which on a Friday night was pretty popular. When we ordered our food, it probably came out around 10 mins later which was fairly quick. I ordered my Cheesesteak with provolone and onions which was ok; I felt as though the steak itself wasn't very well cooked and the meat was pretty thin. However, my friend loves the steaks here for that very same reason @thin meat. 

As far as the place itself- it is a takeout restaurant in which there are open "picnic style" tables outside. There is an open area where you order food in which you can stand at a counter and also eat your food. The restaurant is on a pretty busy street- I didn't notice any parking garages around so it would be street parking. 

Although I wasn't as impressed with the steak- the service was great and so were the people so I would totally give it another try.
I like this place but I don't love this place. I am really into saucy, gooey cheesesteaks. My normal order is a cheesesteak with cheese wiz and grilled mushrooms. I literally couldn't see or taste the cheese wiz. I had to open my sandwich to see if it was present. There was a very good amount of beef and mushrooms however. 
I do like the pickled peppers you can grab from the bucket. They are actually spicy and crispy unlike other places. 

I also got the fried calzone. Once again sort of dry. The cheese inside was not completely melted. I had to run back to get a side of Marinara (but somehow that was dry too).
Philip's Steaks aka Phil's is the #1 cheesesteak spot in all of Philadelphia. Forget those over priced tourist traps this is the spot you want to go to taste authentic Philadelphia and also enjoy the best in the city. 

I recommend steak with double cheese American and provolone with fried onions and mushrooms. That is the way to go. 

Then add a cherry coke, cheese fries and you cannot forget about the pizza rolls. Always grab a couple of those for the drive home. 

Second recommendation they also have the best cheesesteak hoagie in town. Lettuce, tomato, mayo, raw onion and American that is the way to go guys believe me.
Was not got at all. Even after a long night of drinking at 4am still not good. Do not waste your money. Also waited an hour for the food.
I was driving up Passyunk after running some errands and saw this place on the corner with a short line.  It looked authentic--two windows, buckets of hot sauce and peppers, stainless steel counter to assume the position, the whole shebang--so I decided to give it a try.

I got a provolone with.  No fancy greens or sharp cheese here.  As another reviewer mentioned, the steak is not chopped like Delassandro's but isn't exactly whole slices either.

It was a solid sandwich, constructed with good (not great) bread, decent quality meat, and prepared fast and fresh.  I'm not ready to switch allegiance from Steve's Prince of Steaks or John's, but an above average steak for sure.
I'm a Philly native and always go to Dalessandro's, but living in south philly, I wasn't in the mood to drive there. I decided to branch out and try Philip's and was wildly disappointed. I must give them credit for using real cheese whiz, but the roll was chewy and small for the price. Just go to Dalessandro's.
Probably 3rd or 4th on my list for steaks.  Bread is great and I definitely agree with previous posters, the meat is really fresh and prepared well...Just not enough of it on the bread.  When I get the white paper bag handed to me through the window, it feels like it's going to fly away if I don't hold on..
This place is not bad at all. Also not amazing, but definitely pretty good. The price is great - $6.75 for a cheesesteak. Much cheaper than the more well known places (pats, genos, jims). Its as good as genos, but not as good as pats or jims. I got the cheese whiz w/ onions. The bread is a little different than most places but still pretty good. i think these cheesesteaks are longer than other places. Def a great value for the price. They also don't chop up their meat, if that's what you like. A good solid choice when in South philly, or anywhere in philly for that matter.
My review of Suzie Q's (SQ) Philips Steak stand is highly positive.  Meat is sliced in solid chunks, more akin to the Pat's/Geno style. Rolls fresh baked by Aversa's were tasty- can get greasy but still really good.  I still think I'm personally a fan of the chopped over the sliced style of beef- and would put Philips over Pats and Genos anyday. Thanks, gang! Definitely bring cash and give it a try today!
After Pat's*, this is my favorite place to go for steaks. It's on Passyunk near entrance to the Schuykill (near the shopping plaza w/ Modell's, DD and ShopRite)-- better than Jim's and Geno's in my opinion. 

*Pat's and Tony Luke's are bout equal, but TL was a good haul from where I lived and I only occasionally made it into that part of South Philly, so Philip's was the second option for me after Pat's
This place is a winner. Food is great, lines are quick, and staff is friendly. Great spot to avoid tourists that plug up the late night lines at pat and genos. Staff is south Philly cool and don't have the "I don't need your business because I'm a hot Philly cheesesteak" joint.
This is my dads fav cheesesteak place and I used to love in S Philly so I've been here a lot. Today was my first time in months (maybe a year) and it was delicious. My steak had wiz AND American and fried onions and it was just awesome. I love the hot peppers they offer outside. 

Don't forget to stop down at the other window and order some pizza rolls. You can thank me later!
If you have the chance to get some sloppy food after a great night out with friends, this is the place to be. Do not believe the hype of a Pat's or Gino's. This is the place to be, might get busy but the servers cook good and quick to keep the lines rolling.
good enough amount of steak, great amount of whiz and if you like to get a steak WIT you will be happy with what they serve. The roll might even be the best part!
When to this little spot due to great reviews I read and wanting to try a new place. This place being open 24 hours was great! The chicken cheesesteak & cheesesteak lacked cheese period. Onions and peppers were grilled great. The cheesesteaks were on the smaller side compared to local mom and pop shops all through Philly. There could have been more flavor and more cheese. The french fries lacked flavor and Crispiness. The onion rings were fresh and good. I have had better cheese steaks from other places that insures there sandwiches are not dry. One star for being open 24 hours.
I came here last night around 11pm and a big older man was cutting bread. He DROPPED A HOAGIE ROLL IN THE TRASH AND LITERALLY PICKED IT UP AND PUT IT BACK WITH OTHER ROLLS. We watched him through the fries window. Disgusting. And nobody wears gloves and they all handle money. Will be filing a report with health department because my boyfriend took pictures on his phone.
Idk what happened to this place.
It was good. Better than Pat's and Geno's but falls second to my favorite (John's Roast Pork). The roll was fresh. The steaks had flavor. Cash only, so make sure you have a few bucks in your pocket. Look to spend around $10 for your sandwich. 

And they have plenty of parking!
The meat is complete garbage. Chewy and grisly is not what you want in a cheesesteak.
I ordered through Uber eats on a Tuesday evening. The food came quickly and the order was correct. I waited about 30 minutes. 

The French fries were great! Everything anyone could ask for concerning French fries. They were fresh, crispy, big and hot. 

The cheesesteak however, was the worst cheesesteak I've ever had in Philly. I don't like that they don't chop up the steak or trim the fat. Also, the meat was a little stingy.  I couldn't even taste the American cheese. I took about 4 bites and threw the rest away. The roll was the best part. 

Total for cheesesteak and cheese fries=$17.47. Not including tip or the delivery fee.

Learn from a pro: don't order thru Uber eats or grubhub because they will charge you more than Philip's delivery fee, which is $1.50. Call them to order delivery. 

I probably won't order from here again.
I am glad I do not live in Philly. Relax. If I did I would only be eating philly cheese steak sandwiches. I would be 20, 30 pounds heavier.

Now, the good stuff. It was good. Real good. Delicious. I had the standard billy v order cheese steak with onions and coke. It was hot. It was tasty. It was delicious.

Now the debate. Is it better than some of the other popular places: Pat's, Geno's etc. I don't know. It was around 10 pm when my wife and I ordered. We were very hungry. This baby was soft, warm, cheesy, full of meat. No jokes.

I find Philip's Steaks to have an excellent cheese steak. While they do sell other items; why would you not order a cheese steak. 

I was surprise with a parking lot. Nice. Cash Only. I don't think they take CC. I guess staff was OK. It was a November night and chilly. I think she smiled when money was exchanged. Oh well.

Overall, I will be back to Philip's Steaks. They sell a mean cheese steak. It has cheese wiz. It is a bit out of the way. Then again being from NYC don't know my way around.

Philip's Steaks, Pat's, Geno's you will be visited soon.........
I have had their steaks now twice, one after a night of drinking and one for lunch.  I have to say that Phillip's Steaks has moved into my top 3 cheese steaks. The 2 times I have been there the line was short. The steak was not already on the grill like Geno's & Pat's so I know it was made fresh.  It took an average of 5 minutes for my steak after ordering.  It was delicious, lots of whiz and the right amount of steak.  

They even have a parking lot where you can park your car which can be tricky at other steak shops.  Prices are a little bit cheaper as well. Phillip's you have found yourself a new fan.  Keep up the good work. Also when you look on Yelp it says they close at Midnight, we called they are open 24 hours.
Philip's doesn't get the attention that the more famous Philly Cheesesteak places pull in ... but you know what?  It can more than hold its own in a comparison taste test.  Though it's a bit out of the way from where you might be hanging out to take in some of the nightlife of East Passyunk, it has some things going for it at its West Passyunk Avenue location.  You can always park right where it is, there's usually not a huge line which is appreciated in cold weather,  the workers are actually friendly which is a rarity at a Philly cheesesteak stand, their pepper condiments are fresh, and I'll say it again - their cheesesteaks are totally excellent!
Philly people, be advised that no staff members at Philip's Steaks are wearing masks properly. Not in the kitchen or at the cash window. Masks are also not being enforced in absolutely any way for customers.
Unfortunately they don't take credit cards but they do have an ATM machine right next to it which is going to charge you about 3 bucks to withdraw. Make sure you read the menu carefully before just ordering a cheesesteak. No place sit down pretty much a stand up and eat or to go place. The Cheesesteak was awesome but I was disappointed because of the size. I felt it was small for ten bucks
I wasn't really blown away by the taste of the food here. My sandwich was really dry and not even the condiments helped. I expected it to be very juicy and flavorful due to the pictures on here. But I was incorrect. The meat was a little tough for me to chew through and the slices were thicker than necessary. I don't see myself coming back here.
Yup. I'm a fan. Great service, reasonable pricing and one heck of a tasty cheesesteak. It isn't overly messy and the steak is not finely chopped but quickly cooked right in front of you (not in a heaping pile like some other places). I keep it simple, american cheese and fried onions and this sandwich had me happy with every bite. If you want a drippy, greasy, fall apart sandwich, this is not the place.
Roll was very fresh and a nice bowl of hot whole peppers at the counter. Not a huge place for sit down, but some stools and a couple other spots if you must sit and eat your meal.
When friends or relatives visit from out of town, I always take them to Phil's.  It's much closer to me than tourist traps Geno's or Pat's and the steaks are better.  My usual order is Mushroom, American, Wiz, without. messy and delicious.  They also have great Pizza steaks.  The staff is the friendliest of any steak joint in the city and they also have pizza rolls which are incredible. (think egg roll except with pizza inside. yum).  The best cheesesteak i've ever had was served to me by Duckie the former Phil's cook.  Miss you Duck
I'm from Washington DC born and raised and still live here. I was taught to believe my whole life the Mecca of cheesesteak or as we call them steak and cheese. Was philly! South philly! I did my research, didn't wanna do typical genos or pats. Went at 1am on a Monday morning. Maybe the cooks hate the fact they got the midnight shift maybe just laziness I don't know. My order wrong. Ordered cheesesteak hogie no onion with provolone. Got onions and no cheese! Ok no problem I'll eat it. Zero flavor I mean zero expect the grease from the steak. No salt no pepper no anything on that meat. I'm no troll I take pride in my honest opinions. This place sucks.
The only thing they got going on for themselves is the 24/7 hours of operations. The steak is not chopped up at all so is not cooked with the onions or anything for that matter resulting in big flat pieces of gray meat. The fries are crispy but oh so bland. There must not be a grain of salt back there in the cooking area. They have the condiments on self serve container including the mayonnaise which I decided to skip because isn't it supposed to be refrigerated? The pumps on the condiment's containers look like they are never ever cleaned thus a big chunk of dry condiment at the tip of the pump. Wouldn't go again.
I see quite a few reviews where folks didn't even know Philip's ever existed and that's perfectly understandable with the number of cheesesteak options in the city. Personally, I came upon Philip's myself after having seen them on quite a few top 10 lists (being closer to 10 than 1) so we had to check it out for ourselves and see if it was a contender or pretender.

Having been to Pat's, Geno's, Tony Luke's, John's Roast Pork, Jim's, Dalessandro's (and subsequently Campo's Deli and Sonny's) it wasn't going to be hard for us to compare Philip's with what a "good" cheesesteak was. When we arrived, Philip's reminded us of Pat's, but buried in the color red. It didn't sit on a lot of real estate, but they had a small parking lot to the side, which can't be said for many of the other cheesesteak restaurants. As for eating space or somewhere to sit down to eat, there was 1 picnic table in the parking lot, another on the other side of the restaurant and counter/standing space by the ordering windows. Many folks took their orders to go.

The menu was simple - cheesesteaks, roast pork sandwiches, burgers, hot dogs, hoagies at the main menu (right side) and fries, onion rings, mozzarella sticks, nuggets and soda on the sides menu (left side). You order your mains at the main menu window and your sides at the sides menu window. As we assume, from pictures and what we saw other customers order, the cheesesteak is the highlight here and probably the only thing ordered by customers, other than the fries as a side.

So what did we order? Drum roll please ...... a cheesesteak whiz wit (onions) and cheese fries. I know, big surprise. First, the guys working the window were friendly and courteous, which counts for something. Second, the cheesesteak. It wasn't a huge cheesesteak, but definitely enough to fill 1 person up. There was plenty of melted cheese whiz on the steak, which we loved. However, the steak was on the dry side and lacked the moisture from the oil. Worse, the steak inside the sandwich wasn't chopped/cut up. The pieces of steak were wide and big, which made it hard to take bites without dragging a whole piece of steak out of the sandwich. We definitely were not fans of the large pieces of steak. On the other side though, the fries were very good! They were very crispy and crunchy. They just needed more cheese whiz though because we ran out of cheese half-way thru. That was a big no-no.

Philip's is bit off the beaten path in southwest Philly and a drive away from the more popular spots, but I never judge a place by its location. Neither should any one else. As I always say, good food is never ever too far away. However, Philip's has the double whammy going against it - not only is it not in a prime location, but the cheesesteak leaves more to be desired and can use improvement.
We visited Philly for the weekend and wanted to have a genuine philly cheese steak. We considered Pat's & Geno's but wanted to try a smaller place, since the locals we spoke to told us to avoid the tourist traps. We decided on Philip's after a recommendation from our Lyft driver. It was a good choice!

We found it easily, found parking easily and there wasn't much of a line at all on a Saturday around 6:00 pm. I ordered the pizza steak hoagie with fried onions and cheese whiz (when in Rome, right?) and my boyfriend ordered the regular steak hoagie with cheese whiz. We also ordered a small fry as well. I really liked that there were two separate windows to order from, one for hoagies specifically and one for sides. The service was very friendly and the food came out quick. 

We loved the fries and our hoagies. Personally, I am not a huge fan of the cheese whiz, but it wasn't bad. I liked my boyfriend's traditional cheese steak better than the pizza one, the sauce was a little too much for me. 

If I am in Philly again in the near future, I would definetly return!
Not sure about the customer service or prices, but, my dad brought some home for dinner last night. Had a cheesesteak  (whiz) with fried onions. Pretty good, though, I noticed the sandwich seemed a little thin. Like just the width of the roll even. I'm not a big eater to begin with, but, can see  that would bother some people. Star back for their hot sauce. Good amount of heat. Would love to know what brand they use.

Note: the 10 AM-midnight is their delivery hours!
I'm so disappointed right now. I am a regular at Philips. I religiously eat Philips. I choose Philips over Pats, Genos, Tony Luke's, and any other corner store or pizzeria that sells cheesesteak. I eat here when I'm sober, and especially when I'm drunk.

So I just ordered a cheesesteak, half wiz half provolone. 

I told her I wanted half of it to have wiz and the other half to have provolone. 

I'm not sure where the communication fell apart, but I only received the cheesesteak with provolone on one side and the other side with no cheese. My girlfriend called back to make them aware of what happened and she told me they would cook us a new one, which I thought was fair. Unfortunately, we were already on 95 north to NE so I figure it would make more sense if I called back to just redeem it a different day. The lady I served picked up and told me she couldn't cook me a new one. I would have to come back and get more wiz if I wanted one. She said it was my fault. She repeated what I wanted... Asking if I wanted cheese on both side or something. To be honest, I'm not sure what she asked me, but regardless of her argument... It was clear that I said half provolone half wiz.

Where's the wiz?

I'm not petty. I'm not anal. I'm not the type to hold grudges. But if the one thing I cannot stand is when I'm being blamed for someone else's
Mistake... Especially when it's the person blaming me.

Great customer service!

Time to start going to Pats.
Updating because this place deserves no less than 5 stars. We came here a couple years ago and wanted to visit again when we brought my parents for their first philly cheese steak. Instead of going to the over packed Pat's or Geno's, come to Philip's. A local Philadelphian told us about this spot and I'm so glad we listened. Prompt, friendly service and absolutely delicious food. My dad and boyfriend ordered their cheese steak (traditional) and loved it. I went with an order of their cheese fries, which was SO good. It's cash only here so keep that in mind! Parking is also easy to find. We love this spot and it's our go-to when we are visiting Philly and craving a cheese steak!
Good quality, fast, and efficient cheesesteaks.  Reasonable prices....just as it should be
I ordered from this location on Uber eats. The wrong food was delivered. I called this location to see how to fix the issue and I was told to call Uber eats and I was hung up on.  So I was charged 9.99 for delivery and was hung up on when I call to see how they needed to fix their mistake. Wow. Bad food and bad customer service.
This corner spot on West Passayunk makes a pretty damn good cheesesteak. The steak slices was very intact, just tossed around on the grill instead of being chopped up, before being stuffed into a perfect roll. Price was good, service was friendly for South Philly., and eating the cheesesteak at a standing, outdoor line facing Passayunk made the meal just a little better.

Man, I love this city.
If you like veggies this review could be for you!  It's not on the menu but they can hook up a mean veggie hoagie. Lettuce tomatoes, mushrooms, peppers, and onions. The employees were mad cool about it and very friendly. Didn't see any benches to sit and eat these steaks so seems like more of a take out spot. Come early if ordering late at night, that line can get pretty long!
Food is good and they open 24/7 staff is really cool and they pretty fast , just remember they take cash only.
When friends or relatives visit from out of town, I always take them to Phil's.  It's much closer to me than tourist traps Geno's or Pat's and the steaks are better.  My usual order is Mushroom, American, Wiz, without. messy and delicious.  They also have great Pizza steaks.  The staff is the friendliest of any steak joint in the city and they also have pizza rolls which are incredible. (think egg roll except with pizza inside. yum).  The best cheesesteak i've ever had was served to me by Duckie the former Phil's cook.  Miss you Duck
Late night came from picking up a friend at the airport, we were hungry as hell so we stopped by on a cold cold night. the line wasn't too short but we got our orders in and out. the steaks.. great ! nice and hot with a side of onion rings and fries which i wasn't really a fan of but the steaks made up for it.
When planning a quick trip down to Philly for a Sox-Phillies game, I consulted with a friend who's a local. Her advice: Get a cheesesteak, but skip Geno's and Pat's. (And frankly, even if she hadn't, the xenophobic crap on Geno's website, schtick or not, meant that I wasn't giving them my money.) Instead, head to Philip's for a real deal Philly cheesesteak. We plugged it into the GPS, and down to Philly we went!

There was no line at either the steaks window or the drinks window, so B got the steaks while I got onion rings and drinks. I got some good natured ribbing from the grill guy for wearing a Red Sox t-shirt, but then he called me cute, so he gets points for that. :-)

The steak was DELICIOUS. The roll was almost like a baguette, still super soft, and held together well. The steak stayed in nice slices, and the onions were tasty and soft. We both got American cheese, and afterwards, B commented that he liked Whiz better, but that pretty much everything else about Philip's was better than a previous trip to Geno's during another visit. Onion rings were hot and fresh, fried right when we ordered. 

Easy to spot with a decent sized lot in the back. It's not in the toniest neighborhood, but in the middle of the afternoon on a beautiful May day, still a great place to enjoy a street side cheesesteak. 

The only drawback for an out of towner is that it's cash only. I was advised of this by my friend, so we were good, but we're usually plastic people, so we would have been in trouble had we not known! (It seems like lots of smaller places were cash only, which was surprising in a big city, but maybe Boston's just more plastic friendly than most?)

Overall, awesome spot to grab an authentic Philly cheesesteak!
Being a tourist, I had to get a Cheesesteak, cuz who visits Philly without getting one? Anyways, I had already tried Geno's, Steve's and Philip's. Out of the three, Philip's wins it. I will definitely want to try other places when I get the chance but for now, Philip's has to be the best for me. They make it fresh as you order it, instead of having the steaks pre-cooked. I ordered a Whiz Wit and the cheese was amazing. The onions had so much flavor in them as well. 

I loved the location of it because there is a parking lot, and if you're like me then that really takes a lot of stress off of you looking for a parking spot, especially being a tourist in a big city. No seats but there's a standing area to eat. My order came out quick within 5 minutes and they were very friendly and not as intimidating as other spots.
Definitely worth the drunken bike ride to this part of the city. Although I always go over board with the hot peppers they have next to the ketchup. It certainly hits the spot at 3 am. I don't know that I have ever been here during normal eating hours, but I will take this over the big names any day (or night).
The best cheesesteak in town!!! I prefer Phillips among the other options..loads of steak smothered in cheese wiz (and they have the absolute best wiz)...yum!
I would say this is about equivalent to a Pats type quality cheesesteak. The ssandwich is about average. They leave the meat as is (not too much chopping on grill) and do not leave the meat grinded too much. Toppings are subpar. The sub is kinda greasy too like Pats which I am not a fan of. Overall it is not bad. It is average for a cheesesteak in philly
Hands down, my favorite meat and cheese joint in the city as far as oddly lit corner spots go.

The first time I came here, well lets just say I thought the sandwich was bangin' but I don't remember actually being there- just the yellow/orange hazey lights, elbows on the counter and the sandwich being gone in about 2 minutes.

The second time, which is always better than the first- I devoured my wiz witout in another easy few minutes but I did pause to think about how could a place using the same can of wiz, turn it into whatever they were slathering on this roll? 

Just writing this makes me crave one, I wish I packed one on my trip.
They don't take cash.
You have to order sandwiches from one window and fries from the other.
AND on a Saturday night, a hamburger takes 15 minutes.
I'll get a cheesesteak else where.
Ordered 2 cheesesteaks tonight.. Re-heated frozen rolls, very gummy. Yuck!
Big globs of fatty steak not chopped. Must be a new Cook. Nasty sandwich.
Two whiz wit and a cheese frie. Freakin heaven! After a 8 hour drive from Fort Bragg, North Carolina my first stop is Phillips Steaks. Ten in the morning or night. Doesn't matter...
just an average cheesesteak. therefore the score is a three. for a sandwich that they made right in front of me, and that I ate right on the spot, I was surprised that it was only lukewarm. I would have expected something a lot hotter. The cheese didn't even melt. The meat was a little tough. definitely not in the upper echelon. better than Pat's and Geno's.
Don't be afraid to venture a little deeper into South Philly for a cheesesteak.  It ain't pretty looking (but none of them are) and it isn't in a touristy area, but the cheesesteak is for real. 

Added bonus:  you don't have to put on that fake act where you have to say 'wizwit' or risk looking like a cheesesteak rookie.  Feel free to order how you please.
The new staff suck. What happen to the old crew? These guys play around too much. Fight and argue too much. Unprofessional. Not like what it used to be.
Great local steak sandwich spot! We were staying in the area and didn't want to drive into South Philly for steak sandwiches. Wife and I both got the traditional steak sandwich with onions and whiz, and we shared some cheese fries. No complaints, solid sandwich and great fries.
This was the worse cheesesteak I had last night. 
I have to say I was very disappointed with my cheesesteak considering the weekend is my cheat days and after all week waiting to get a good cheesesteak at this location this was far way the worse I had in a long time. 
It was missing cheese , meat was super tough and the roll was hard. 
Lesson learn that I will not return to this location again.
Originally from Philly but now live in Delaware went to Philips for the first time bout 3 weeks ago got there around 10:30pm a woman was at the window who took my order and they were really busy i ordered 4 sandwhiches and 1 cheese burger everything i ordered came out perfect besides 1 that should of been a chicken instead of a beef. A man from behind the grill who stated he was the manager came to the window and apologized for the mistake and said he was the one who made the order and took his time to talk to me and explain why it was so busy and the mistake was not excusable and he made the sandwhich over for me. I told him thank u for treating your customers that way since it was my 1st time being there and making me feel like I was a regular customer for years.
To top off my experience the food was good and pretty much worth every penny especially for the treatmemt i received I even offered a $5 tip and he refused it shows how much he cares and appreciates his customers.
Ill be back again just dont know when!
The steak at this place is just too fatty.  Unable to bite through the cheesesteak, and enjoy, because it just was not chewable.  The only thing we enjoyed was the crispy fries.
I went to this place on 7/28/2019 with a friend. It took a pretty long time for the person in the window to finally take my order. When he finally open the window to take my order, he took my money, handed me my change, and then grabbed two rolls and handed them to the person working the grill. WHAT! you want to touch my rolls after you're touching money all day? Why? The person working the grill was right next to him. She couldn't grab the rolls herself? Giant turn off for me! I don't believe there's anything dirtier than money!
This place is so underrated. It gets overlooked because of the hype of Pats and Geno's. Unlike Geno's, Phillip's actually puts meat on the roll. Also Phillips steaks are full of flavor even when reheated the next day. They don't use that super chewy magic meat like some other places. Also as said by someone else the staff at phillips doesn't try and play that tough guy role when you order your food like at genos. Get an order of fries to top it off and you won't be disappointed.
On my way back to Los Angeles, I asked my uber driver for a banging suggestion for a Philly cheesesteak that I could buy and bring back home. He suggested Philip's and it was such a good decision. This was the best cheesesteak I had during my visit and I went to 5 different locations. 

I ordered the cheesesteak with Provolone cheese, chopped steak, fried onions, and mayonnaise. The bread was soft yet firm like a toasted hot dog bun and it perfectly encompassed the perfectly seasoned chopped steak. With the mayonnaise slathered on the bread, there was the right amount of fat that was needed to make the cheesesteak cohesive and packed with flavor. 

The people of Philip's were extremely nice and made ordering an ease for me. Coming from Los Angeles, I found the lingo to be uncomfortable. At another popular cheesesteak location, the guy taking my order was extremely rude and made me feel rushed, which was odd because there was no one in line.
Q - How should a cheesesteak be eaten?
A - Standing up.

Q - Where should a cheesesteak be eaten?
A - On the side of a shady road.

Q - How should you pay?
A - With money, obviously... But the sodas and fries at the next window, separate transaction of course.

Stopped here once for lunch when I was working in a house nearby. This place is awesome. The cheesesteaks are a great size and perfect price. Highly recommended. They also have big juicy complementary hot peppers near the condiments.
So I tried this place on my way back to DC after seeing it mentioned as one of many good cheesesteak places that are underrated. 

I'll be honest, I didn't necessarily feel welcome when I came to the counter, but I appreciated that the cashier was professional at least. I quickly ordered a regular with cheese wiz and waited about 5 minutes for my steak.

Although it had a decent flavor, I'm used to meat that's way more chopped up and this was just huge slices of beef. I only ate about half of it before giving up.

I don't know if I would frequently to this place again because there are just way to many other steak shops to watch at, but I'm glad I checked it out.
Several of us were only in the city for a ceremony and could not leave without having a cheesesteak. This location was closest to us and we are soooo glad we went here. Although the place only takes cash, there is an ATM next to the ordering window which is very convenient. The service was excellent, you order and within 2-3 minutes your food is ready. Our group of 15ish soldiers ordered Phillies, fries and drinks and I can honestly say that we got our food very quickly and unanimously voted this being the most amazing philly we've had. The people that were working were very appreciative to have Soldiers eat at their location and came out from the grill to personally thank us. Overall, this was a great experience and I highly recommend it. 

Also, the staff is absolutely wonderful!
I didn't sh*t right for a week. Was wondering why there was no line. I learned the hard way.
Oh my goodness, I finally realize why people here are so crazy about cheesesteaks! I'm from the West coast and all the ones I had in Philly before were drippy on limp bread, but not Phil's... oh no.. these are a work of art! The bread is the perfect thickness and blend of chewy and toasty. The steak is thin and flavorful and the fact that you can get hot peppers is a definite plus. The hot pepper provolone with onions and the wiz with onions were both exceptional, but I think I'm partial to cheese wiz. Even my husband who doesn't like  cheese wiz thought it was superb. And let's not forget the service. I called to see if I could  get some to take home to friends  and family and the man I talked to on the phone was super nice and said they'd be willing to pack it special for the plane (bread separate). When I showed up he remembered me and was such a cheerful and nice guy I was really happy to give them my business. I will dream about this place until the next time I'm in town. :)
Growing up on Philly cheesesteaks, I would give Philip's a solid 3 for cheesesteaks. They have parking, friendly staff, and are fast and efficient. RJ thought it was great, but he's from NY. The steak is too thick and chewy, and a little skimpy, and the whiz isn't my favorite on a cheesesteak.. It was still tasty though, However, both the cheese fries and the inside out pizza were banging, and bumps this up to a solid 4. The fries were fresh, hot and crispy, and a large portion smothered in the whiz, which I'm fine with for fries. We had to take the inside out pizza home but even heated up it was fantastic. Crispy on the outside with sauce and melted cheese on the inside. We were sad when that was gone!
Loved that Philip's has a parking lot. Easy to grab some cheese steaks and head over to a game. No seating at the stand so we grabbed food and took it with us to eat before a flyers game. You order the main part of your meal at the window to your right and your sides and drinks at the window to your left. Cash only but they do have an ATM.
