Much like kisses, it's all about location, location, location for the Philadelphia Marriott Downtown Hotel (near the Philly Convention Center, Reading Market, China Town, and City Hall). Obviously, this is a good choice if you want a central hub for a visit to the city.

The building, rooms, and vibe are all well-worn. There are newer, nicer, and naughtier places to spend a night in Philadelphia, so, come to this Marriott expecting a 3-star experience in a 5-star city-center location.

The upper level club lounge was nice with different food choices each day for a week ... including Cheesesteaks one night. For breakfast, the food was fine. They were strict about access, so plan accordingly. 

Since I'm a Marriott gold member, i'll definitely consider the Philadelphia Marriott Downtown when attending a nearby conference again.
I had a really disappointing experience here. 

Although I booked a room here weeks ago, I was so upset to find out that they had oversold and my room was no longer available when I attempted to check in after a long day of work and travel. How does that happen? What was more frustrating is that the manager on duty could only respond with "there is a convention." 

Since it was late at night, they re-booked me at The Fairfield Inn (a sister property) about 10 mins away. 

The manager working at the time did what he could and was apologetic, offering me the option to return the next morning for complimentary breakfast, but I still don't understand how you can book a room weeks ago just to show up and it not be available?   

I rarely ever book with Marriott and this experience has made me less likely to do so in the future. Overall, just really disappointed and lost some confidence I had in the booking with the brand.
A massive Marriott Property with everything you would expect from a full service Marriott.  They have it all...conference rooms, a couple of restaurants on site, Starbucks, FedEx, and a huge lobby bar.

The rooms are a nice size and comfortable.  However, they are a little dated especially the bathrooms.  They do have a great concierge lounge that is quite large. The workout facility is large too with a lot of updated equipment and plenty of treadmills.

Solid choice and a great location. Just keep in mind that they do hold a lot of conferences and events here and it can feel crowded if you're traveling solo.
***The Philadelphia Marriott Downtown is an expensive hotel, but it also a nice one with modern and fresh touches that make it feel more upscale than most Marriotts***

This Marriott is in a great location.  It is very close and within walking distance to key Philadelphia landmarks like Independence Hall and the Liberty Bell.  Because of its prime Philadelphia location, the room rates at this Philadelphia Marriott are high.  Thankfully, this Marriott is a very nice hotel.

The rooms are a tad more modern than most Marriott hotels with contemporary bed scarfs and nice bathrooms that feature great shower heads (nice wide dispersement of water and not just a lot of straight-on water pressure like several hotel shower heads).  The rooms are quiet and the room temperature is comfortable.  The rooms also come with an in-room safe, which is a great feature to keep your valuables safe and provide peace of mind while you are on the road.

The lobby is a little more impressive than most Marriotts too.  The lobby features a very inviting circular bar.  There is also a Starbucks, a FedEx and a contemporary restaurant.  There is also a very large gift shop where you can pick up all kinds of toiletries you may have forgotten, bags/luggage, Philadelphia souvenirs, reading materials, over-the-counter medicine, and lots of snacks and sweets (including both healthy and local options).

The fitness center is 24 hours and is nice too.  There are a good number of exercise machines, but this is a very large hotel so the fitness center gets very busy during weekday mornings.

For Marriott Gold and Platinum members, the Concierge Lounge is an impressive one.  It is quite big with lots of tables.  There is also a very spacious and long counter for the complimentary food.  The table size is a great plus because you do not feel overcrowded or feel like a lot of people are over top of you when trying to fill your plate.

Their nightly offerings were good on my visit.  The crudité (celery, carrots, squash, cherry tomatoes, among others) were very nicely presented and were fresher than other Marriott Concierge Lounges.  There was also very perfectly sautéed red bell peppers (a little too heavy on the dry herb topping though).

This Concierge Lounge had just an okay selection of cheese, but the selection of bread and lavash was very good (great variety and a few good options in the bread basket).

For more meal-like options, there were two large salads--a Caesars salad and a fresh greens salad.  For hot food, there was a lobster cobbler, which was a little pastry cup filled with a mix of lobster, cream and breadcrumbs.  These were decent and had a good flavor (the lobster flavor did not really come across; instead, it was just like a satisfying and tasty shellfish cream/mousse).

I did not have dessert here, but they did have a big spread.  There was a great variety of petit fours including mini chocolate cakes, mini carrot cakes, mini cream pies, cookies, and tartlets topped with pastry cream and berries.

Their breakfast was good.  Hot options included good scrambled eggs (moist but not soupy), good bacon (meaty but I could have used a little more crispiness) and oatmeal.  Other items included fresh fruit, cereals and a variety of pastries.  Their croissants were good.  They were flakier and crispier than the croissants you often get at complimentary or catered breakfasts.

The Concierge Lounge was also open before nightly food service so you can go in and relax and grab a drink as the food gets ready (as opposed to just waiting outside the door until it opens at or a little later than 5:30pm at most Marriott Concierge Lounges).

Service was good and efficient.  Maybe because this Marriott is such a big hotel, but the service did not seem as friendly or personal as other Marriott brand hotels.  Still, service was polite and pleasant.

As mentioned earlier, room rates are high here.

This is a nice downtown Marriott.  It feels very fresh and up-to-date and that is not always the case with full service hotels in the Marriott lineup.  It is expensive, but if you are loyal to the Marriott brand and are visiting Philadelphia, it at least feels like an upscale experience and not just another run-of-the-mill and out-of-date Marriott hotel that is far too common with the Marriott brand.

Valet parking is available and it is expensive ($48/night), but expensive parking is kind of expected given this Marriott's location in the heart of Downtown Philadelphia.
I definitely think three stars is a fair review. I personally can say my experience was 5 stars, but my situation was a little different.

I was out at this hotel for a company conference, which obviously means I didn't pay for the entire stay. Nor did I have a car to park and I didn't have to pay for internet.

These two things played a huge difference because internet was bloody expensive, anywhere between 13-17 dollars is OUTRAGEOUS, especially when so many places offer it free. It should be complimentary, to charge that much is asinine. And parking, don't get me started. It was easily over 30 dollars.

If you have money and don't care about these things then do come stay here for the convenience and central location. You're so close to the old city and you can walk down south and the reading terminal market is right there. You really can't go wrong ya know?

I quite liked my room, but there were areas that were showing age. For example, my shower would vibrate ridiculously if put on a decently warm temperature. It had to be either pretty hot or cold for it to not shake the walls and make this obnoxious noise. That was very annoying as I was in this hotel for a full week taking showers and having to deal with this. 

Decent fitness room with everything I needed. They could do with more weights in my opinion as it's heavy on cardio, but it was a nice size. 

Overall, I enjoyed my stay but from a useful perspective you'll definitely pay an arm and a leg in fees, so consider that before booking here.
I love me a good Marriott! Philly was our very last minute vaca detour (Padre Island was cxl due to the hurricane) so it was a relief to arrive here and know it was all good.  

Check in was a breeze and the desk agent was sure to remind us of the extras we get for being Elite like free wifi and the concierge lounge that serves an awesome breakfast buffet in the morning and hors d'oeuvres and drinks at night, plus sodas and waters we could take to stock up the room fridge.   

Located at city center downtown we were in walking or subway distance to most everything and it was easy to get an uber when we needed it.  

Our room on the 23rd floor was quiet and clean, plus they have a decent fitness center and a bunch of other amenities we didn't use while we were busy eating cheesesteaks, seeing historical stuff and watching the Phillies kick the Cubs asses (sorry Chicago). 

When I asked where we could watch the McGregor/Mayweather fight, they called around and provided us with a bunch of options. It was very cool of them to do the research for us, if only they could've changed the outcome of the fight :( 

The pool was closed for renovation but we knew that when we booked so it wasn't a dealbreaker.  

Thanks Marriott, for making it a great time.
I was a fan of this Marriott. Check-in was simple and easy around 4:45 pm. I got up to my room on the top floor and was impressed. The view was amazing, and the room was large and clean. There was, however, a large pile of clean towels on the bed, not sure how this was overlooked. I called down to the front desk, and 10 minutes later, when they picked up, they told me to leave them outside the room, and they would be picked up soon. Well, when I checked out at 4 pm the following day, they were still there, strange. 

The room temperature was easily adjustable and the bathroom water pressure and temperature and pressure were also perfect. 

As noted above, it was slightly hard to get ahold of the front desk. I might suggest taking the trip downstairs rather than waiting on hold. 

Being a Titanium member, I had access to the lounge, which has a more than impressive breakfast spread with an even more beautiful view. It's a nice touch, and the service is excellent. 

If you are taking an Uber or Lyft, please note that there are two entrances and make sure you have the right one! From personal experience, this can be tricky. 

The location of this hotel is key, and you can walk to almost everything. 

Overall, this is a lovely Marriott property, and I'd love to return.
This hotel is situated downtown and is connected to the Convention Center and right across the street from the Reading Terminal Market. Restaurants such as Maggiano's and the Melting Pot (to name a few) can be found directly across the street and there is a Starbucks and another restaurant onsite. 

This hotel is pretty good but they nickel and dime you for everything. For parking, they charge you $36 and a valet tax of $7.20. To use the internet was $15 a day where most hotels now offer it for free. You can actually go into the Starbucks in the lobby and get free internet. Lame!

The service here deserves 4.5 stars. The entire staff was courteous and very helpful each time we needed assistance. The beds on the other hand were not that very comfortable. They sagged in the middle so I felt like I was sleeping in a hammock at times. Also, the sheets really didn't fit the bed so they would pull up and the mattress would be exposed. My husband actually woke up in the middle of the night and found his face against the mattress. That freaked me out a bit and I made him wash his face right away. 

Although our stay was short, I wouldn't say that it was super spectacular.
I loved this hotel!  My babe chose this hotel and he chose a mighty fine selection!

The customer service was cool, not over the top.  The only concern was the concierge service.  It took awhile for our luggage to arrive after check in and upon checking out the concierge was delayed as well.

The location of this hotel is in the heart of downtown it seems.  You can walk to pretty much everywhere...

We were able to try several restaurants and bars all within walking distance.

Now the hotel has two restaurants, but one of the restaurants is more of a bar scene.  The first Sunday in December, the bar was all the way live!  I'm not sure if those present were guests of the hotel, but the hotel bar area was standing room only on this night.

TV's are present, a full bar, board games... plush seating and table and chairs are available.

This hotel is a great choice!

The bed was comfortable and a mini refrigerator is in the room.

The water pressure was OK. Overall, no complaints about the room at all. 

If you choose to stay here make sure your money ain't funny.  

I look forward to returning one day.

Have fun and enjoy life :)
The LOCATION of this Philadelphia Marriott is was initially caused us to book here.  

LOCATION!!!  :::I love when I can explore easily on foot.:::
-Reading Terminal Market (a foodie heaven that must be explored) is across the street
-Love Park is .5 mi away
-Liberty Bell/Independence Hall is .75 mi away
-TONS of shopping, malls, independent stores, etc.
-Rocky Steps approximately 1 mi away
-Plenty of restaurants and bars to explore and try out
-Chinatown is .5 mi away

If you ever want to explore Philly as a tourist, this Marriott was a nice option for us.  

HOTEL
This is a large hotel.  We did not take advantage of any of the amenities: the restaurant, bar, gym, Starbucks, gift shop, etc.   Although, I did notice that they were in use by many of the hotel's guests
  
The rooms were also nicely decorated, comfortable beds-- if you need a safe, make sure you request a room with a safe.  (Ours did not have one.)

STAFF
-Overall, I found the all of the staff members except one person for be helpful, warm and professional.  Prior to arriving, I had called to request an early check-in, and arrangements were made without issue.  Checking in and checking out was also a breeze.    The staff member who did not meet expectations was the woman who was working in the valet. I observed and felt that the woman who worked at the valet was extremely short--borderline rude with all hotel guests.  

PARKING
$48 per night... The valet is 24 hours.  Initially, $48 for a 1 night stay seemed a little steep; however, it appears parking is $$ in Philly due to the limited space.  The convenience of having a valet, and not worrying about tickets, tows, etc made it all worth it.
I never thought I'd be a person with a preference of hotel brand, but this location cemented my love of Marriotts.

My room was incredibly spacious, with a couch, a mini fridge, and an incredibly comfortable king sized bed. Everything was clean, updated, and even my view was interesting. Even better, I was there to attend a conference in the convention center, and never once had to step foot in the below 20 degree weather because the skywalk allowed me to stay in sweet, heated bliss as I walked there.

Security was tighter than I've ever experienced. A guard was on my floor every night and you have to use your room key to even access the floors with rooms on them (word to the wise, have your key out and ready to spare yourself minutes of looking like a dumbass as the elevator opens, closes, and reopens while you try to push buttons).

My only complaint was that the hotel restaurants were sorely lacking in vegetarian foods. For a city thriving with veggie friendly restaurants, it was a bummer to be stuck with extremely limited options, particularly while snowed in. It was pizza or hummus, neither of which were good enough to merit the exorbitant price tag.

Oh wait, the water pressure in the shower was kind of terrible, too. But it's hard to find any hotel that is touting decent water pressure.

If you are going and know that you'll be able to go out and enjoy the delicious cuisine available in Philly, I wouldn't hesitate to recommend a room here. I was comfortable, felt extremely safe, and encountered nothing but extraordinarily friendly staff while staying here. And it happens to be in a fantastically walkable area - my manager couldn't believe how little I spent in cab rides, because I only took a cab to and from the airport. 

Be warned, I found Market St. to be a little shady and local residents verified that the entire area is safe to walk in, with the exception of the randomly and bizarrely populated Market St.
I stay at a lot of Marriotts and this was by the worst in while.  The rooms are very dated and from the popcorn ceilings to the worn furniture in the room it really felt old.  I can live with old as long as the place is clean, this however, was not.  

There was long hairs throughout the bathtub stuck on the walls and even some in the sink.  This was really gross, the shower curtain smelled so bad I felt dirtier after taking a shower.  And no I was not sniffing the shower curtain, but I could smell the moldy smell just from standing there.  

Next time I go to Philly I will find another hotel
BEDBUGS! Beware!

At 2 am I woke up itchy.  I turned on the light and found bedbugs in the bed!
Disgusting. Our room was gross. I felt like they had rented the room out hourly before we got there and didn't clean it completely before we walked in. There is residue of past use in the bathroom. You walk out of the shower feeling itchy and dirtier than when you got in. Please also note that wifi is NOT FREE HERE, which in 2017 is a crock of sh*t in my opinion. I'd give it one star but the location is great so I changed it to 2 stars.
Lucky for me, this lovely hotel had availability last night or I would've gotten a taste of life on the streets of Philly.  Due to a citywide convention, most rooms are all full up, and not only did they have a room for me, it was a giant room, and even DOWN FREE!!!  For someone with such ridiculous allergies, this was awesome, although they still gave me grief.  Thought that counts!  
It's about as bad as an Orlando resort though when it comes to how far you have to trek to get from one side to the other, or to the Convention Center, depending on where you're staying.  That said, it's still very convenient for convention goers (especially in the winter, when you won't even have to go outside to get there!).
Staff was friendly, and room service not bad, although I'm quite sure my half bottle of cheap red wine was well past its prime.  
They have a salon, a couple of shops/concessions, a Starbucks, a restaurant, and two fitness centers and a pool.  Great deal if you can get a good rate.
I stayed here for 5 days while in town for a conference.  While the room was spacious, the bathroom had chipped paint on the ceiling and the water barely trickled out of the shower.  Granted I wasn't paying for the hotel so I cant speak to the price, but was really astounded that they didnt have free wifi so I had to burn through my data plan on my ipad.  As for my conference, everything was convenient, the conference food was also decent and the rooms were spacious and well organized and staffed.  The location of the hotel was perfect too, across from many restaurants and the Terminal Market.

Now for the worst part!  I got bedbug bites here and am praying I didnt bring them home wirth me!  Apparently after looking online at what my bites could be I also googled this hotel and bed bugs and a slew of reports came up that this hotel is infested!! I am so sickened!  I will be calling the Marriott today to see what they say about my report.


The hotel would have ranked better if it were not for my bed bug situation but alas I cannot change my rating!
Good Marriott service, helpful Marriott staff, but below par rooms. In fact the rooms are in desperate need of renovations, and not just my room.  All rooms in the older building structure. I would ask every person I met in the elevator if their room was OK. There wasn't a single person that didn't complain about something very wrong with their rooms. My room had a leak coming through the ceiling in the bathroom that must have been going on for a very long time based on the bubbling ceiling paint. My concern is mold. I'm surprised these rooms get no attention to at least get some sort of repair in these instances. It is really an unacceptable practice for a hotel chain like Marriott to ignore these type of problems. See attached picture.
Conveniently located diagonally across from Reading Terminal, near the Convention Center, Chinatown and about a 10-15 minute walk from Liberty Bell & Independence Hall - an Uber/Lyft ride to the latter two will run you about $6ish bucks. The airport is about 11 miles away and a Lyft will run $25-30ish. 

There's a Starbucks inside along with a bar, lounge, cafe, & restaurant. I thought the hot apple cider near the front desk was a nice touch. Conference rooms are on the upper floors and pool on the 7th. Gift shop with snacks etc is located by the front entrance is open until 10. 

Parking is immediately outside the front entrance and there's also a parking garage directly across the street. 

Most of the staff members I encountered were all friendly - front desk, room service, shop attendants. However, the cleaning person knocked a few times and entered anyway despite my "Do Not Disturb" sign on my door. Luckily, I was already dressed so I wasn't too annoyed but it was only 10ish and I didn't answer the door right away since I was in the middle of a conference call. Check out is at 11 so if someone has a sign up, it seems the cleaning service shouldn't enter until after check-out time. Just my opinion. Note to self: use the latch lock just in case! 

Otherwise, if you want something with a more boutique feel but still want to earn Marriott points, the Notary is literally next door (part of the Marriott Autograph Collection).
Not enough access points to the hotel make it a dangerous walk at night around. There are doors that are closed for access, I'm assuming due to crime or homelessness. It makes it annoying to go back to the hotel when you need to change or drop something off.

The room itself is ok, not 4 stars more like 3. The towels are hard, the shower isn't immaculate. The room is somewhat dusty. Pillows were small, but comfortable. Bed was alright. 

Elevator to get upstairs is a pain, constantly stopping on every other floor when you need to get up to the 20s. 

Room is a little dark. 

The girl who checked us in on our first day was so friendly though, I'd give the place 4 stars if it the rest of the experience could match.
I stayed here while attending a conference at the convention center, and other than the internet situation, I have no complaints. It's amazingly convenient, being attached to the convention center and the Market East train station. I was able to get a fairly reasonable conference rate, though I shudder to think what the regular traveler's rate might be. You can't ask for much more than being located across the street from the Reading Terminal Market (http://www.yelp.com/biz/reading-terminal-market-philadelphia) - it's like being in Seattle and having a hotel across the street from the Pike Place Market. I ate at two of the restaurants in the hotel, which OK but I'd advise stepping out and eating elsewhere if you get the chance. The beds were amaaaazingly comfortable, and the room was totally decent, although I was disappointed there was no refrigerator. I had excellent service from the concierge and reception employees, and they had plenty of friendly, patient staff on hand on the 3rd and 4th floors to provide directional assistance to conference attendees. They even set up a nice reception area on the 4th floor for conference attendees, complete with a bar and big screen TVs and couches for lounging. My only complaint is the lack of wireless internet. I could understand having wireless and charging for it (though naturally I'd rather it be free), but to have no wireless at all in a business hotel is pretty unacceptable in this day and age, I think. Does anyone really carry a cable around anymore? I know I probably could have borrowed one, but why bother, it was easier to walk over to the convention center and use the free wireless there than to go all the way downstairs and ask for a cable. I know cabling a hotel this size in the first place must have been a nightmare, since I once had to be in charge of a recabling project in my office building years ago, but it's time to let that go and go wireless, seriously. Anyway, back to the positives, there was an airport shuttle for $10 if you don't want to take the train or taxi, and there is a free printer in the lobby for printing boarding passes. As I mentioned in my review of the convention center, the location is perfect for sightseeing, and I found the city very easy to get around. Other than the wireless, a great hotel for a business traveler.
Very nice Marriott in the center of Philadelphia within walking distance of the Convention Center, Reading Terminal Market and many places to see popular sights. 
The staff is very friendly and helpful. 
Marriott Rewards members get free wifi!! Definitely a bonus.
The hotel is clean and the beds are very comfortable
The parking is expensive, but not more expensive than any other hotel in a downtown metro area. This time we didn't have a car but that is just how much parking costs. 
The thing that I really like is that this hotel is so close to the convention center. 
It is very convenient.
58/100
Meh - kinda disappointed considering it's a Marriott. 

I am a Platinum Elite Marriott Rewards member, and have been for some years. Usually when I stay in a Courtyard or Fairfield, I expect less frills, but when I book at a signature Marriott hotel, I expect better. As a frequent guest of their properties, Marriott needs to re-evaluate how they run this particular hotel:

- Asked for a room with two queen beds, got a room with two full-size beds. When I inquired, they claimed it was just a "mistake" on the website which they had no control over. No rooms with two queen beds. (Bait and switch)

- Asked about the "full featured business center" they advertised, and was told to go to the FedEx Office contained in the same complex. So, I got nickel-and-dimed for every copy, printout, e-mail sent, etc. (Misleading)

- Asked about getting a ride to and from the airport with the complimentary 'shuttle service' they advertised, and was told they contracted with some 3rd party company which charged $10/person, one way. (Bait and switch)

The one thing I did like was the friendly African American gal working the concierge lounge on the 23rd floor. Great personality and made me feel like a valued guest. 

My $0.02.
Alright, it's a Marriott in the heart of a major city, so it's gotta be decent, right?  Yes, it's decent.  I would go with 3.5 stars, but... I just expect more from a Marriott.

With 2 rooms of different types this time and having already stayed here before, here's why I go with just 3.5 stars.  The lobby is just a crazy feeling of calamity.  The registration is on one side, there are escalators on the other side, a bar in the back center, seating areas on the other side, an entrance and seating to another eating area near the escalators.  There are two different sets of elevators to arrive at different parts of the hotel's rooms, and to reach your room, each person seeking a different floor needs to scan his/her key card.  The parking is expensive, and there really is no other cheaper choice in the downtown area except for something maybe $5-10 cheaper across from the Marriott and the Reading Market.  The rooms are decent if you are a standard guest, but if you upgrade to an executive type room, you would expect it to be much nicer in every sense, but somehow, the washroom/bathroom is worse than in the regular rooms.

The regular rooms seem to have a more spacious washroom/ bathroom, as it is all together as opposed to the vanity being outside the shower for the one executive room that we had.  There is a hairdryer tucked into a separate table in the regular rooms' washrooms, which is great for more space in the washroom.  The closets also have those annoying hangers for fear that guest might walk out with them, I suppose.

The cleaning crew is somewhat pushy, trying to clean up your room as early as 8 am.  Really?  I suppose they have a lot of work to do... but then I wonder why this time, I noticed, and I don't generally comb through the room with a fine tooth comb, but I noticed 4 hairs that were clearly there when I arrived: 1 on the hair dryer bag, 2 in the shower of different colors and lengths, and 1 on the floor by the bed.  However, because the rest of the room seemed perfectly clean, it didn't concern me as much as if I had found the hairs on the pillows, towels or in the bed sheets/ bed.

Other than that.... the lovely Marriott amenities are there to greet you.  The bed was comfortable.  Nice view of the city if you're lucky and high enough.  Security from the use of the key cards to get into the hotel and use of elevators.  Secure lockbox in the rooms.  Plenty of space to work at a desk, sit in a comfy chair or sleep.  Great TV with apps built into its usage.  Pool and fitness room for those seeking such fun.  Plenty of light and charging outlets- super bonus!

For a hotel, it's not bad, but... I tend to expect more from Marriotts.
I think this is now my third review of a downtown Philadelphia hotel. So far, I have liked the Philadelphia Marriott the best.  It is certainly more upscale than the Courtyard or Sheraton (both within walking distance of here) that I have previously stayed in.

The room was clean, but the double-beds are a bit small for 2 people.  I prefer 2 Queens to 2 Doubles.  When traveling as a family, it does get crowded.  Perhaps there were rooms with queen beds as an option, but the one we had wasn't one of them.  Other reviewers have mentioned that there isn't coffee in the rooms - well, there is, but you have to know where to look.  Who would think to look in the dresser/cabinet under the TV for the coffee maker?  I'm sure not many people.  We found it on our second morning.

The exercise facility is great.  Each of the machines has its own built-in TV, and there are disposable headphones for guest use.  The indoor pool is also nice, if a little small - it is only 3 lanes with a little non-lap section off to one side.  Big hit with the 8-year-old.

Staff are friendly and accommodating.

The only issue we encountered really wasn't an issue with US per se - it was the people in the room next door.  We had a late night on Saturday (see my review of Modo Mio), and didn't get to bed until the wee hours of Sunday morning.  I didn't particularly enjoy being woken up at 6am on Sunday by really REALLY loud voices, followed by Security pounding on their door, followed by one guy being escorted away wearing only a towel.  I have to admit once I was awake though, it was kinda funny, and I was able to go back to sleep.  But then I was woken up AGAIN, by the same people, and the same Security guys, before 9am.  Granted, the hotel can't really control the actions of the guests, and if Security was needed, I'm glad they responded appropriately. 

We were able to go back to sleep again, but not before calling down to the front desk and requesting a late check-out, which they graciously extended.

Parking is by Valet only, and is $38/day with in/out privileges.  Just be sure to call down about 15 minutes before you need your car to avoid waiting out in the cold.
I've stayed at the downtown Marriott several times and only on a recent extended stay did I realize how gigantic this hotel was. There are two towers: a main tower with conventional rooms and a Headhouse Tower with bigger rooms across the street that's connected by an escalator and a skywalk. Both towers are conveniently located in the heart of the downtown area within steps of City Hall, Reading Market, and public transit lines.

As for the rooms, they're fairly utilitarian. Not necessarily posh, but comfortable enough and, again, likely far more spacious in the Headhouse Tower than in the main tower. For Marriott gold elites and above, there is also a lounge that has a modest spread for breakfast, hors d'oeuvres in the evening, and light refreshments the rest of the day.

The hotel has lots of convention facilities and can simultaneously accommodate over 1,000 attendees across its meeting rooms. There's a good amount of public space in the main lobby and the convention areas to hang out and socialize. Service, whether from the front desk, bellmen, cleaning staff, or meeting room staff, is very courteous and helpful.

Overall, a productive stay for a convention in downtown Philly, and a large enough venue that you could conceivably spend most of your time here without really getting to explore the richness of the surrounding area. If you're traveling on your own dime and are not in town for a convention, however, I'd hold out for low weekend rates or investigate the many area alternatives more fully.
One of the worst hotel experiences I can remember.

I arrived at the hotel a little early (3:30pm), but I wanted to see if I could check-in early (check-in is at 4:00pm). I also had a friend who would be coming later to stay with me, but the reservation was on my card. I went to the front desk, and the staff member informed me my room was not ready yet. She pre-checked me in, took down my phone number, and informed me I'd receive a phone call by 4:00pm. 

4:00pm rolls around; no phone call. I wait in line at the front desk again. They ask for my name, and tell me the room still isn't ready. I am seeing other people being given keys, but I decide I'll wait.

4:30pm rolls around. No phone call. I go to the front desk, say I'm pre-checked in, and inquire about a room being ready again. Still nothing. I ask to speak to a manager. I am informed that rather than getting the manager, a room on an upgraded floor opened up, and my friend and I can be placed in there free of charge for the upgrade. They take down my friend's name and give me two keys.

I go to the room. The key works, but as I open the door, it hits the door stop. Some guy comes up to the door saying, "How can you get into my room? I have it until 8:00pm with late check-out." I apologize to the guest and head downstairs. I'm shaken and incredibly mad. This could have been a lot worse. 

When I go back downstairs, I see a regional manager queing people through the line. I know that's usually a bad sign for the front desk staff. She sees me, shaken up. I informed her of what happened. At this point, it's 5:15pm. She takes me around the desk, puts my friend and I on the lounge floor for free. She comes up to the room with me (if she didn't offer, I would have insisted). Everything looked clean. I thanked her for her time. She was one of the only helpful stuff members I encountered.

After she left, I noticed there was no "Welcome to Our Hotel" book that lists the amenities, phone numbers, etc.... I called the front desk. No answer. Three times. After trying again, I request one to be brought up. One hour later, no book. I follow-up, and I am told it is on it's way. Really? I still did not receive the book that entire evening.

Also, our TV and Internet did not work the entire time we were there. 

I tried the following day to get the book, just to see if things were less chaotic. Nope. Again, no one answering the phone. 

Extremely disorganized, and they caused a guest to walk into an occupied room. No thank you.
If you are a business traveler, do yourself a favor and DO NOT stay at this hotel. The internet situation is so terrible that no matter how nice the hotel is (and it's not even that nice) it's not worth it. I am currently sitting in my room in the hotel and it has taken me over an hour to write this review. I was unable to even check into my flight this morning because of how slow and patchy the internet is. I have no complaints that it's not wireless, but the internet service here is worse than the days of dial-up. I had an engineer come check out the situation my first day here and call the ibahn (that's the internet company they use) help desk, but nothing has worked.

As a frequent business traveler, internet is a MUST! My colleagues and I have all agreed to never stay here again. I spent most of last night at a local Starbucks just to send/receive email, which is completely unacceptable for a hotel. I've stayed all over the country and never had this problem before. In fact, I signed up for yelp just to warn other business travelers, so that no one else has to experience the same woes.

BUSINESS TRAVELERS STAY AWAY!
As a business traveler, I  have stayed at hundreds of Marriots. This hotel is the WORST hotel I have ever stayed in. 

1) Ants in  my room - I found ants in my room. I called the front desk since I had to leave for the office.  When I returned to my room, there was no indication whether the ants had been removed or if any action was taken.  I had to go down to the front desk to find out that they were not aware of the issue.

2) Bad customer service - I had a stomach ache and called room service  for a cup of hot water.  I was charged $16!!!  For a cup of hot water.  When I inquired aboout the charge, they said this is their policy.  It wasn't till I told the room service manager, if you were sick - would you want to be charged for hot water did she agree to remove the charge.

3) Dirty rooms - in general the air in the rooms is stagnant. I found stains on my towels and on the sofa chair.

After my horrible stays in this hotel, I will never return - and I advise you to do the same.
I've stayed here a few times and overall I'm quite happy. 

First time here, the internet didn't work. Then it worked, but at a snail's pace (I use Lotus Notes... if I'm on the road for work and I can't get online, I get grumpy). Because it was unusable, I paid the extra $10 or whatnot for premium service just to see if I could actually get my emails. It didn't help. I mentioned this at the desk in the morning, and they apologized and said they'd been having issues. I told them they didn't have to credit me back for the premium charge, but I'd appreciate it. When I got the bill, they hadn't (not a big deal, but if I was working there I would have taken it off). In subsequent stays, the internet has worked fine.

If you like small, quiet, boutique hotels - this is not your bag. It's busy, open, big, and boisterous. I like it, but I could see some people not enjoying the bustle when they check in. The rooms themselves are quiet, or at least the ones I've stayed in have been. 

The concierge lounge is big and has lots of seating but I have to say, it's my least favorite Marriott lounge that I've been too. It's a long narrow room and the ceilings are kind of low. The windows on the right just look out onto the rest of the hotel. I've come here in the evening to find they had nothing laid out, not even sodas and water (it seems like they just wrap everything up and shut down after the 5-7p food service sometimes). Also, they seem to end breakfast very early compared to other Marriotts.

Still, it's a nice hotel in a great location and the rates aren't that bad compared to what's in the area. 

Note - I've stayed at the Courtyard Marriott as well, which is a stone's throw away. I would not recommend staying there when this hotel is not much more and a significantly better experience.
It was a great place to stay for the Philly Marathon. The location was very convenient. It was not located too far away from the start/finish line. If you take the train in from the airport, you can get to the hotel without stepping one foot outside. It is connected to the Jefferson (Market East) Station via a bridge.

The room that I was given was clean. The towels were clean. The bed was clean. The carpet was clean. Definitely no problem with the cleanliness of the room.

There were plenty of dining choices with many nearby restaurants in the vicinity of the hotel. You can even walk over to the Reading Terminal Market to grab a bite to eat.

The people working at the front desk were all super nice and friendly. I was checking in a bit early and he was still able to get me into a room. It was obvious that there were conferences taking place besides it being marathon weekend so their entire staff were really busy. I had to wait about 2 elevators before I got in one to get up to my room. 

So overall, it was a great place to stay for a quick weekend marathon trip. I even got a high 5 from one of them as I return from my marathon and was on my way up to my room.
As a Gold Elite member of Marriott Rewards, I stay at a lot of Marriott Properties.  Hotel is older, which would be ok, except they apparently don't perform maintenance on the property.  My biggest problem with this hotel is the management.  They obviously have management issues or problems.  

After our room was "cleaned", we came back to the empty water bottles and cans still sitting where we left them.  All in plain sight and on the desks/tabletops and there was a dirty washcloth left in our bathroom.  After speaking with several managers, including the housekeeping manager and hotel general manager, they could have cared less.

This hotel DOES NOT meet the Marriott standard and I gave a generous two star rating because some of the regular employees would go above what is expected of them.  I will not stay here again and am sounding the alarm for others to avoid this management and housekeeping nightmare.
Two floors of huge ballroom expanse that can be subdivided into smaller meeting rooms. Very much like most of the other convention centers I've been at... All the facilities are top-notch and in the same building as the Philadelphia Marriott Hotel. It is also attached to the Courtyard by Marriott, the train station and the Pennsylvania Convention Center.

The staff has a nice little xylophone that they bash to get people back into the meeting rooms after the breaks.
I was impressed with this hotel. The lobby area/ground floor was quite large and had a full-out Starbucks right at the main entrance.

The actual rooms were nicely decorated as well, with comfy beds and a decent sized bathroom.

The location could not be any better as it's directly across the street from Reading Terminal Market and just over a half mile from Federal Donuts :) and the Liberty Bell/Independence Hall.

I'd definitely stay here again, just based off of it's prime location!
I will start my review by saying that I have stayed pretty much exclusively at Marriott's for the last 3 years and have had no complaints.  

I stayed at the Philadelphia downtown Marriott in March of 2018 for the first time and my experience was an awful one.  When I arrived there was only one person at the front desk checking people in and there was a line of 6 people waiting to be helped.

Upon entering my room I tried to use the phone to order food and noticed that the buttons of the phone we're covered in what I can only imagine is ear wax (see picture).  I used a pen to dial for food as the ear wax smudged across the number.  I then talked to an at your service representative who told me that a burger was going to take 90 minutes to be prepared.  I asked if there was any alternatives around because I can't wait that long and was told there was a 7/11 across the street.  I obviously decided to just start walking the neighborhood to find something else.  

The next morning I went to take a shower and immediatly noticed black mold spots all on the ceiling of the shower (see picture).  I then turned on the shower and the tub would not drain water at a normal rate so found myself standing in a pool of water (see picture).  I then get out of the shower and noticed that the door hinges are rusted beyond belief (see picture).  Behind the toilet there was some sort of dirt/mold that looked like it hadn't been cleaned in months/years (see picture).  Needless to say that the bathroom was disgusting.  

Some other things to note from my stay is that the elevator buttons on my floor were out so I found myself guessing whether or not an elevator was coming.  The tv on the treadmill at the gym was also broken.  

The culmination of all the above made me want to write this review, and warn others not to stay here.  It appears as if they do not pay attention to details (especially cleanliness) and did not seem to have the same standards as other Marriott's I am accustomed to staying at.  Now that my status did not renew I will seriously be considering switching hotel brands while the window is prime.
What can I say that others have not said? Not much but I can tell you this, This hotel was an excellent value for the $125 a night I paid to stay here. I am a native of Philadelphia however I was visiting the city for a wedding and did not want to stay with family.

I remember when this hotel was built but had no idea what it was really like until I stayed here. As soon as you pull in you have staff greeting you. The doormen, the bellman etc. I saw the check in desk was fairly large and just knew I was going to have to wait a long time to check in. That was not the case. I was called to the counter very fast. The agent asked for my name and id. She pulled up my reservation very quickly and gave me the information I needed for my room. She was polite, courteous and had a genuine smile the entire time. 

My room was on the 15th floor. I had to actually travel through this large lobby to a set of elevators around the corner. Before I got to my room I noticed they had ice cream in a small freezer for guest at check in. How cute.

I eventually got to my room and was impressed. The pics speak for themselves. The room was a good size, super clean because I checked and saw nothing out of line and it smelled good. I was already in heaven. I had no time to sit down but I did enjoy that bed when I came back to my room that night. It was plush and I sure wished I had it at home.

I have nothing negative to share about this hotel. It was A-ok with me.
Stayed for three nights with a late checkout.   The location was very convenient, especially if you're a walker but there are hop-on, hop-off tour buses always out front.

Because the hotel is downtown, you must use your key card at the other out doors (besides the main entrance), for the lobby bathroom, and for the elevator.

There is an indoor lap pool on the 7th floor.   Housekeeping was great albeit a bit early every morning.

Steps away from Reading Terminal Market which is a great breakfast option.   Italian place across the street was good too.   

Easy walking distance to the historical district and the arts district.
My first time in Philly and was so glad I stayed in this hotel. Check-in was a breeze! Beautiful room, reasonably priced, friendly staff, close to everything. Room was spacious, clean and very comfortable.  There are different sitting areas in the lobby area which is nice.  The hotel is in the heart of downtown. Everything is in walking distance. Location couldn't be better. Next to metro, train, bus, you name it. So many good restaurants.The Reading Terminal Market was right around the corner. City Hall and Dilworth Park was a 5 minute walk from the hotel.  The hotel is connected to the Philadelphia Convention Center. You do not have to step outside when attending an event there. There is also a 24 hour 7 days a week FedEx Kinkos inside the hotel.

Great amenities with accommodating staff and easy access to everything to enjoy your stay. You should definitely have a walkabout and explore the area, loads to do, with a lovely food market steps within reach. If you are the pub crawling, shopping, sightseeing type, you are covered, make this Marriot downtown Philadelphia the spot. Five solid stars!
I want to say that it's with a heavy heart that I have to write such a review, but as a woman who just got married I feel like I owe this information to other brides in the future. Yes it's long, but you don't have to read the whole thing, if it helps just one engaged couple that's enough for me. 
Let my cut to the point, in order to have time for photos we opted for a signature cocktail hour, and despite being reassured many times by staff that this was an impossibility, we ended up paying almost $6,000.00 for it! Yes you read this correctly, almost $6,000.00 for at most, one hour of beer and wine.
I want to make it known, I generally liked these women charged with assisting with our wedding, but now having had this experience I can honestly say my husband and I feel abundantly taken advantage of. They knew the amount we wanted to spend and what we didn't, as there were multiple meetings just to discuss this. We even tried to get out of the contract.  If they had any past experience whatsoever, which one would hope, they should have informed us that this was a chance, rather than garneting us that it was an impossibility. We changed from a designed cocktail to beer and house wine to stay within budget. We paid more and gave our guests less. We could have had a six hour long cocktail hour with food and all varieties of drinks elsewhere for what we paid. To say we are unhappy would be an understatement. Most people go on a honeymoon for what we paid. I can't state enough, this hour was constantly stressed and made lavishly clear that it was not to break the bank. It was merely for our out of town guests to have something/somewhere to do and be while we took our wedding photos. I cannot express my disappointment enough. I will never recommend this hotel or speak highly of its staff. Let this serve as a warning to any bride who is considering this location or currently being feed pretty lies by the staff. Beware Brides! If you would like to read in more detail as to how this happened to us read on, but honestly the moral of the story is there are plenty of other hotels in the area - shop around and do your homework and hopefully our loss is your knowledgably gain.
Yes, you read that right, $6K for a cocktail hour that we did not even attend. Initially we wanted to offer our guests a signature drink, but when we learned that we would be charged per beverage ($15.00 per drink) rather than a flat rate, we saw this as our first red flag. It seemed odd to us that despite having our wedding there, and bringing so many out of town guests whom where purchasing rooms for more than one evening that we would be charged the same premium cost for a drink as someone who was just going up to the lobby bar for one or two drinks.  
Needless to say, this warranted a trip to Philly. We live about an hour and a half outside of the city, on a good day with no traffic, and I made a trip just to come into the city and meet with the two ladies who were in charge of my wedding just to discuss how unhappy we were with this. They gave me the options of allowing just one cocktail per person, for an hour long cocktail hour, or water as they were also going to charge us $4.25 if anyone dared to order a soft drink. Then, they suggested just beer and wine, while it would not be as glamourous they could GUARANTEE that the price would stay down. "$6.00 for a beer, and $10.00 for wine." They kept saying. Literally holding my hand and telling me that paying any more than what we were planning on was an absolute impossibility, yes I know I keep repeating that but I can't drive this fact home enough. While my husband and I did not love this idea we went along with it for the budget. Which any bride knows, it doesn't matter if you are planning a humble wedding or an extravagate one there is always a budget. 
Our reception was at the Crystal Tea Room which I cannot rave more about. Kind, caring people a room that commands your attention and food that will make your mouth water even at the memory of it. Now, when I called CTR and told them of what was going on, they were shocked and equally appalled at how we were being treated. They offered us a cocktail hour with food, wine, beer and cocktails for what it would cost them - they would make zero profit- they just cared about us as clients and assisting us. We tried to do that, but the Marriott would not let us out of the contract, which stated we needed to spend a minimum of $1,500.00. Needless to say this was all we were willing to spend, and this was made copiously clear to both women involved with our wedding. 
Regardless of all this, and not being able to be released from our contract we went along with the beer and wine signature drink hour at the Marriott. Our wedding was a stunning, beautiful and unforgettable day BUT this has cast an incredibly expensive dark cloud over it.  A few days after the wedding we were called by our planner, whose name I will not mention publicly, and who was returni
Hubby and I stayed here last Saturday night on a whim.  We had to go to Philadelphia and since we didn't have the kid, we figured we'd spend the night if we could find a room.  

Overall, this isn't the nicest Marriott that I've ever stayed at, but it isn't bad either.  In fact I'd place it above the one in Georgetown in DC.  The lobby is very large and nicely appointed.  The check in staff was nice and very accommodating, he switched our room for us twice based on requests.  

We were allowed to check in early, which was another nice touch and we were able to get a room on the top floor.  The view was amazing.  We either had an accessible room, or the rooms are just very spacious but in any event, we had plenty of room.  I like that you needed to use your room key in order to operate the elevator which made me feel safer.  
                           
The location is amazing in terms of convenience but if you aren't used to east coast cities, you might find it a little, shall we say, scary.  Living in Baltimore, however, has taught me how to duck and weave, so to speak!  The bums in Philly are quite aggressive though, so be prepared to be cursed at if you ignore them or move around them when they walk up to you (one of them called me ignorant as f* when I moved away from him as he zombie walked toward me to ask me for money).  

We didn't try the bar, restaurant or room service so no comment there.  I did appreciate that there was a Starbucks on site.  

The bad: The fricking $48 parking fee!  That sucks!  Also, I personally feel that the days of charging for wifi in a hotel this expensive are long over.  

Side note: The Paralyzed Veterans of America used this hotel as the host hotel for their annual National Veterans Wheelchair Games.  There were parazyled veterans everywhere!  It was really nice to see how accommodating the hotel, staff and even guests were to them all.  It was truly spirit warming to see all of them and to chat with them.
This is a fairly nice hotel. The room was a good size and there was a huge desk which is perfect when trying to make room for both my laptop and my room service tray! The staff was very friendly, although it was slightly annoying that the breakfast room service came 5 minutes early both days because I wasn't in proper attire yet. 

The only thing I wasn't a huge fan of was the internet. It cost $12.95 and there was no wireless, only wired. And although they did provide the wire, it was hiding in the closet rather than at the desk. But my biggest problem was that even though I paid $12.95 for the internet in my room, they blocked access to it in the meeting rooms which forces you to pay for an access code to the meeting network. 

Other than the internet issue, it is a good place to hold a conference. There are a lot of meeting rooms and many floors. There is also a big open space that can be used for a cocktail hour. However, since It is very spaced out, it felt like an obstacle course to find some of the rooms.
The bellman are very pushy about having your luggage to take it up for you. I just had one bag and I don't care if this is a full service hotel I just want to take my own bag. Made it seem like it was a big deal. 

Then I was cut off mid sentence as I am quickly replying to the person behind me by the guy who stands in the lobby (herding ppl around, apparently that's his job), as he aggressively & briskly walks over to tell me the person waaay not the other end of the counter is ready to check me in. Ok great but chill. Literally 2 seconds went by and I was just trying to understand what the person behind me was saying to me. It was weird and rude. 

The bed doesn't even have a bed skirt (see pic)

No microwave just a fridge. 

No mini bar

There's a sign that says please be quiet in the hall but it's 8:30pm & for the last few hours some employee has a cart outside and is talking loud as hell on their walks talky.
This place is huge! It's connected to the convention center and has a Starbucks and at least two bars. I was here for a quick stay and I was impressed. You don't even have to leave the place to get a workout as just walking the halls of this place is a workout in itself. The rooms are spacious and they have a fridge. The staff are friendly even when they're confused. I would definitely stay here again if I decided to go back to Philly.
I did not enjoy my stay. The room smelled (weird) the entire time, housekeeping did not come once to clean the room. I had selected the no housekeeping option but it should not have been for more than 3 days. I did not feel safe walking outside the hotel at all, on Market Street, in particular. 

The quality of this Marriott is terrible. It is in need of renovation and better service (and food). The revolving door on Market Street actually broke! The only things this hotel has going for itself at the moment are the proximity of the hotel to the convention center and the Starbucks.
Cyndy's Bottom Line:  Excellent location

*Friendly check In 
*Well organized, efficient
*Good size rooms & clean
*Water pressure excellent in shower
*No water pressure in the sink.  You are better off using the water from the shower.
The Philadelphia Marriott Downtown earned 3 stars for my visit from 3/5-3/10 2017. I also stayed here the same week in 2016. The hotel is typical Marriott with standard room layout and amenities. As with most Marriott stays there is nothing making me trade in my preference for Westin (Starwood) or Hilton properties based on staff, accommodations, food, or other experiences. 

For the positives;  the large hotel chain is quintessential vanilla as the rooms are the same as in any large city. That means what you expect is what you get; nothing more. The bed is comfortable, room clean, towels actually soft to the touch, and the rooms are relatively quiet from neighbors and street noise. The hotel is large, in a busy part of center city, and hosts many events and convention guests, so quiet is important. The gym is large with plenty of equipment -- and gets a lot of visitors with all those cheese steaks. The Starbucks on site is a large perk too. 

For the areas of improvement; the water pressure is lacking although the water temp is hot. Food choices are also lacking as the one on premise restaurant "thirteen" is also the restaurant serving the lobby bar area and room service. Without many options, this makes for lack of variety. There are plenty of restaurants  of varying tastes and price points, but the center city area is teeming with homeless and beggars. Be careful walking around after dark as this is a known area for mugging and more recently increased violence due to the high concentration of convention travelers, the train, subway, and bus terminals and covered roads which double as homeless hotels. 

Most disappointing on my stay was personal experience with the front desk upon check in.  My flight was early so I added the request to my reservation for early check in. Without any confirmation I check in to see, but was told my room wasn't ready. It was 11am, and they offered a room with 2 doubles instead of 1 king so I decided to wait. The young lady asked for my cell number so they could call as soon as it was ready. Four hours later (3pm) I decided to walk to the front desk since nobody called and I know others were going to their rooms. I was told my room was ready and was given keys. I asked why nobody called abs was told "sorry, it must have been an oversight; it's been busy". Then I asked for wifi password and they asked if I was a Marriotts reward member? How about check your computer?  Upon checkout I found many of my fellow travelers were hit with wifi charges that needed to be reversed out with a visit or call to the front desk. While they did reverse the charges for all, it's an inconvenience thing. I wonder how many business travelers just put that on their expense reports and pad Marriott's revenue line without questioning?

With the lack of customer service, it's a wonder I didn't give them only 2 stars, but with so many  other hotels and hotel chains it's no wonder I pick Starwood and Hilton over Marriott.
This hotel is only a-ok. For a Marriott I honestly expected more. At first glance the room looked fairly clean but the more I stayed in the room the more I noticed how much the room needed a good deep spring clean. The carpet in particular could use a steam clean next time and not just a vacuum. I stayed on the 21 floor and honestly you heard every outside gust of wind which was disappointing. There was a pretty large draft under the door to my room and the vents in the bathroom were also noisy. I had to close the bathroom door each night just to muffle the noise. There was one moment during my stay that I strongly considered asking for another room (lower floor) but because we were fully booked for a conference I knew another room wouldn't have been available. The only saving grace during my stay was the bed itself. Soft and comfy, once I was able to get to sleep each night I rested well. Would I recommend this hotel to a friend? No. There are so many other hotels right next to this one (including another Marriott) that I would recommend that my friend look elsewhere.
This is a perfectly located hotel for business conferences, right smack across from the famed Reading Terminal Market. Usually I've stayed at the Hilton Inn at Penn, but on my recent trip back to Philly I had a large conference held here instead, which was a nice change of pace. Very large hotel with two bldgs--a main tower and the smaller tower called Headhouse Tower, which is accessed via a second floor enclosed skybridge that provides easy access to the nearby Convention Center. 

My room in the Headhouse Tower was a fairly large room with about 15-ft ceilings and a couch (with extra sofa bed) in a "small living room" type area. For Marriott Gold Elite members and up, this is the "room upgrade" you receive if asked. I would recommend a room above the 3rd floor however because a large "Times Square" style illuminated billboard above the Iron Hill Brewery was close to my window--and of course the curtains did not close all the way. (I usually ask for lower floor rooms because I prefer to avoid lengthy elevator waits...)

There is a Marriott Concierge/Exec lounge located here. 

Room service prices seem fairly high for what is received. A roast half chicken with sauce but literally nothing else (no garnishment, no potatoes, not even parsley!) was $27 plus 20% tip and $5 service charge. Add in a small green salad ($15),
And mashed potatoes ($8) and somehow I had a total bill of $70...oh well. At least they comped my wine because the room service rep noticed my Marriott status with them (loyalty to a hotel brand does offer rewards!) 

The exercise room is on the second floor, is a large sized one with free weights and machines and 2 Peloton bikes, and is stocked with water, bananas and apples. I kept visiting for the bananas! Free easy breakfast snack! (There is NO gym in the Headhouse Tower is it appears to be permanently closed despite signs saying otherwise.)

There is a medium-sized Starbucks directly below the exercise room that takes the Mobile App advance purchase. 

There is a nice shoeshine crew right outside the Starbucks. And also a full service Fedex branch also located near the Starbucks. 

Overall this is a pretty good hotel for business conferences. The buildings are thankfully not too far spread out like the ones in Vegas that seem like a solid half-mile from your hotel room to the same-hotel conference room.
DO NOT STAY HERE!!!

This place is run by a gaggle of South Philly Ghetto Idiots who can't even handle the most basic elements of good service.
We used Priceline to get our hotel (ummm hello...its a recession!) so we were able to get the room at a good rate, which was a definite bonus. I do have one major complaint was the "customer service" at the front desk upon her noticing that we used Priceline to book the room. Excuse me Ms., but I bet if you could either book a room for $150 or $60 you would choose the latter. In addition to this I am a Marriott Rewards Platinum member so I made sure to contact the company and let them know just how welcoming they weren't. 

The rooms were decent and the bed, super comfortable! Bathroom was large and I always love the Bath & Body works shampoo, conditioner and lotion.  

The pool is ok, but a hot tub would be a well advised investment. The fitness center is actually pretty decent with a good amount of cardio machines, free weights, weight machines, etc...

I'd stay here again but it won't be my first choice. The lady at the front desk really rubbed me the wrong way and I don't think I would every actually pay full rate for this hotel as it is not anything special.
I recently attended an international scientific conference in downtown philly and this hotel happens to be the primary hotel tied and booked through the conference. I should say this is the worst hotel I have ever experienced for the price I pay.
 
Location wise, this hotel is golden. It is close to shopping malls, pharmacy, reading terminal market, and attached to the convention center.

First of all, my roommate and I developed hives the first night through the last night of staying there. We both recovered as soon as we parted for home to different states. The room is definitely not clean at all and the bathroom smelt of mildew.

Second of all, my roommate is a Marriott member, and we got charged wifi for $12/ day. We had to appeal for that. 

Last but not least, my roommate specifically told the front desk to charge her credit card. And she wanted to make sure so she double checked and triple checked with them before she checked out. But they still ended charging my credit card. We had to call the customer service center today to fix that issue, their professionalism definitely does not meet its standards. We are still awaiting for them to resolve this issue.

I am definitely going to stay in Home-2 Suit next door owned by Hilton the next time I come to Philly. I checked that place out since my colleagues stayed there. Definitely 5-star and cheaper. Very clean and professional.
One of the worst Marriott branded locations I have stayed at (and I have stayed almost 1000 nights in Marriott hotels over the years).
The rooms are small, over priced, not clean, and not everything works.
Two of the outlets didn't work, the heat didn't set well (did not adjust), and the walls are too thin (can hear everything in the hallways).

I suggest going to the Courtyard on the next block.
1 star: Exemplary service.

2 stars: Central location and near Reading Terminal for breakfast.

3 stars: Dangerously comfortable bed.

4 stars: 24hr gym with free earphones to plug in to personal audio and "help yourself to all you want" bottles of water you can put in your bag and forget about them then have them confiscated at the airport then chug them all down in front of the security guard as a passive aggressive form of protest to a ridiculous policy that just makes me spend more money on water inside the terminal.
Oh wow....
1. Condition of room and building. 
Where do I start? Rugs throughout the hotel are dirty and have a smell. I found hair in bathroom and on nightstand. Room felt it was cleaned with a dirty rag.

2. Staff
Very friendly and helpful mainly the concierge.

3. Concierge lounge 
Very small selection of food. Tried the cookies and nuts very stale. Had the impression that food does not move frequently; therefore, they are not bring out fresh cookies, etc.

4. Location
A lot of panhandlers around the hotel. A very different group of people at night.
Not the Marriott experience I have come to expect.  Disgusting breakfast sent. Mushy and watery yogurt parfait. Not edible. Remote didn't work. Homeless person begging for money while we were  having a drink with client. Weak water pressure. Not staying there again. Just didnt feel safe. Needs an overhaul
Friendly staff all around from check-in to housekeeping and club room.  If possible, select a room in the Headhouse Tower (part of the old Reading Terminal).  The rooms are bigger and it is more convenient to the convention center and grand ballroom in the terminal.

Thumbs up for:  location, service, cleanliness, price.
I have stayed here a couple times, and have mostly had a great experience. The actual hotel administration and staff are helpful, accommodating, and have more than earned my respect. However, a recent experience at the hotel bar, 'Circ', has left me a bit...peeved.

To frame the narrative, I was there one night during a convention. The lobby was bustling, and the alcohol was flowing. I was just starting my night, and had ordered a single beer from a nice bartender. Going for my next round, I positioned myself at the opposite, less crowded side of the bar. I proceeded to stand there quietly, accordingly waiting to be served.

I knew things were busy, but I noticed that the bartender in that area kept passing over me, not acknowledging my existence at all. After a while I got the feeling it wasn't just because the place was busy; I was deliberately being ignored. I remained fast, and the internal timer was reaching almost half an hour. It sounds ridiculous that someone would wait that long, but I'm a person of principle. Eventually an older woman came up next to me, and when she was propositioned, she asked for a glass of wine, but then was nice enough to tell him that I had been waiting longer and should be served first. The bartender paused, then leaned in to me and snarked "Just so you know, this is what happens when you don't take care of your bartenders." 

It caught me completely off guard. All I could reply with was "...huh?" and then he turned away to pour the woman's glass of wine. I sort of stood there, dumbfounded. Another younger woman at my other side looked at me with an "Is he serious?" face, and I mimicked it back.

Now, I completely understand how tipped employment works, and have a lot of empathy for the strenuous work it entails. I am NOT Mr. Pink, and normally leave a very generous tip after being served. In regards to bar settings, I will usually start to tip on the second beer, or if I firstly order a mixed drink that requires preparation, or order multiple drinks at once. But..I hadn't even been served by this man yet. I'm not some snooty, pretentious partier. I wasn't asking for him to move heaven and earth...only for him to crack open a single bottle of beer. 

Logically, I can only figure a couple scenarios: One, my first bartender was upset that I didn't tip, and then colluded with this other one. I find that to be unlikely, because he didn't seem at all upset with me and was very amicable. Two, the bartender in question profiled that I had exact change in my hand, and assumed that I wasn't going to tip him. I did have exact change, because why would I break a large bill when I have the exact amount? I don't hand over the tip until I've been served, where I'll go back into my wallet and leave it on the bar. I had plenty of money to be spent at the bar that night, both for drinks and tips. In fact, I entirely planned on "taking care" of him for the (unrealized) sale. It seems like whatever chip on his shoulder this guy had, he lost out on a lot of money both for himself AND the business who employs him. This complaint is less about tipping protocol...more the passive-aggressive, condescending manner that he treated a paying customer. Unfortunately, a bad employee reflects upon the establishment.

I turned around and walked straight out of the lobby, gave the money I would have spent to the homeless man sleeping on the sidewalk outside the hotel, and went to drink at a real bar.

So, if you want to stay at the Marriott Downtown Philadelphia, it's a great hotel. Just avoid the bar like the plague, go somewhere that's worth the money.

And to the mid-life-crisis bartender with the tacky gold pinky ring, p*** off, mate.
There are some great two word combinations. "High Five", "Extra Guacamole", "Mets Win", but nothing tops "Free Upgrade". Getting upgraded to a suite was only the first reason why my stay at the Marriot Downtown was truly five star worthy. 

The accommodations are peaceful, quiet, and comfortable. The suite had room to spare and everything you would expect from a hotel of this caliber. I could live in that bed. 

Along with our stay we had access to their pool and gym. The gym was standard and the pool looked nice. I especially enjoyed the note left by the attendant who wrote they would be right back, and that they had to dump the fresh linens. If read fast you may think it said something else. 

The hotel is smack head in the middle of the downtown area and located across the street from everyone's favorite, Read Terminal Market. The place is gorgeous. It's was exactly what I was looking for. 

Thank you to the wonderful staff of the Marriot Downtown.
I'd really like to give this hotel a higher rating because of the great location and close proximity to everything.  Reading terminal is across the street.  The bus depot and trains are walking distance.  There is a 7-11 across the street,  a shopping center (Old Navy, Burlington, Marshalls, etc...) down the block.   Chinatown is within a few blocks.  I didn't see a liquor store but I'm sure there is one nearby.   

However, the service leaves much to be desired.  

 I called prior to our reservation with a question and was hardly helped.  The woman who answered the phone was rushed and had an attitude.   

On Saturday evening we tried to get a drink from one of the hotel bars before returning to our room for the evening.  Both bars were crowded, an after wedding crowd, and both bartenders seemed overworked.  We squeezed into the bar at the restaurant and took a seat at the end of the bar.   We waited over 20 minutes with no service.   The bar back and the bartended didn't acknowledge anyone that was not in that giant group.  He even stopped to say hello to a friend that popped in at the other end of the bar.  I even tried waving my arm in the air to catch his attention to no avail.  We eventually went back to our room.  When we got back to the room we tried calling the front desk with no success.  We were placed on hold and we eventually hung up without being helped there as well.  We then tried room service... and was told that they closed at 1am.  It was after 1am, but not by much.  But if we didn't have to waste 30 minutes trying to get a drink or someone on the phone we wouldn't have missed the cut off.   We went out for a cigarette after that and were surprised by the staff members behind the check in desk.  Where were you when we were calling before?  

Sunday morning, we tried calling Valet to retrieve our car.  We were heading to an event and wanted to have the car ready so we would not have to stand outside with all of our packages and balloons (lots of balloons).   We tried 3 times and no one answered in valet.   We went downstairs, packages and balloons in tow) to retrieve our car and was told (by the staffed Valet desk) that it would be 20 minutes.   After waiting 20 minutes, a staff member approached us to ask us about our vehicle and then said "We are having difficulty finding your vehicle".  Seriously?  Press the panic button!   It took about 25-30 minutes to finally get our car from Valet.   

Spills in the elevators were not tended to.  The same coffee/breakfast spills that Ive noticed in the morning were still there later that evening.

Housekeeping... did their job... minimally.    The room wasn't dirty, but it as still messy and some trash was not removed.   Some of the trash fell out of the can and it was left on the floor (nothing dirty - just papers and a losing lottery ticket.. but still)  They vacuumed (maybe) the way my boyfriend does... around the items(bags, shoes, etc) on the floor.    Some of the towels they provided were not clean either.   To be honest, I've had better housekeeping at other cheaper hotel chains.  Also, don't start knocking on my door at 9am when the DO NOT DISTURB sign is posted.  

Also.. just a hint:  bring your own blow dryer!  I never expect much from a hotel dryer,but I usually make due.   This dryer was terrible.  I could have stuck my head out of the window and it would have dried quicker.
My wife and I Pricelined a hotel for the Saturday of 4th of July weekend, and ended up with the Marriot Downtown for $75. The Marriott is considered a 4 star hotel by Priceline, and that is what I am giving them in this Yelp review. The hotel was extremely well located for our visit as we were doing an eating and drinking crawl mostly centered around 12th and Sansom. I found our room to be perfectly adequate with the only quibble being a little bit of peeling paint in the bathroom above the shower. The shower itself was in an outdated bathtub surrounded by really outdated tile. It was clear that most of the bathroom had been updated sometime in the past 10 years, but they just ignored the tub and tile. Oh well. My wife did tell me that the whole hotel is going to have a major uplift soon, so maybe they'll get that. 

The bed was extremely comfortable (the mattress was neither to soft nor too firm), but the sheets, oddly enough, seemed slightly too small for the king bed. The decor of the room was fitting for a 4 star, not too opulent and not too blah. I enjoyed it. Ice machines were well located to all rooms on our floor, which came in handy as we had brought a bottle of bubbly.  I think we walked by 3 of them?   All contact with hotel staff was polite and professional, and the common area of the hotel was clean. For the money I would easily stay here again.
***Below is an abbreviated copy of the email that I sent to Marriott corporate, which was then forwarded to the Philadelphia hotel's 'Executive Office' where our case was resolved for 1 additional free night for 1 room. This was another disappointment to us because of the BLATANT security and privacy issues that I described (below) and complete disregard for the customer experience during our stay. Our whole team believes the entire stay of 6 rooms for 4 nights should have been completely compensated. They disagreed. What do you all think?***


To Whom It May Concern:

My 24 teammates and I just had the worst experience at a hotel we could possibly imagine. From April 8-12, our college gymnastics team stayed at the Marriott for a competition. No one could have predicted or expected the amount of problems we were about to experience. Since I do not like to let one bad experience ruin something for me, I have decided to reach out to the corporate office to give Marriott International a second chance.

Our first travel issue was not related to the hotel. Our connecting flight from Denver, CO to Philadelphia was delayed for 4 hours due to weather and changed our ETA from 11:30pm April 8 to 4am April 9. We immediately called the Marriott hotel and explained our situation; they assured us that everything would be fine and we could check in once we arrived. By the time we landed, deplaned, and got a shuttle to the hotel, it was 5am. Our team was ready to go straight to our rooms because our girls team had their prelims competition starting at 8am that same day and our guys team had to support them until our prelims started at 12:30pm.
 
When we got to the front desk and tried checking in, none of our six rooms were available for our 24-person team. We were told that they were under maintenance and the staff worked on getting us temporary rooms that we could stay in for the next few hours. The front desk comped all of our rooms for the first night because of this, and eventually we had our keys to the temporary rooms that had to be vacant by noon. We gave them the phone number to our travel coordinator and made it very clear to use that number to contact our team about any issues or resolutions that they needed to communicate with us.

Later that morning, the girls team was checked out and competing. Soon, all of the rooms were ready and our members began moving bags to the new rooms. Not even an hour after switching rooms however, were we told that half of the new rooms were not correct and we needed to switch rooms again. Finally, all of our belongings were moved to their correct rooms. Never got a call for any of this.

While our guys team was competing at the convention center down the street and the girls team was cheering us on, there was an issue with a credit card not transferring over to the new rooms. The front desk only attempted to contact us by calling these empty rooms and leaving voicemails. Again, they neglected to call our travel coordinator and...deactivated our room cards.

When we got back to the front desk, confused why our keys stopped working, we resolved the credit card issue...but the room keys continued to stop working for just about each room at least 2 more times that night. This is still Thursday, the same day we arrived.

Later that evening, the door to one of the girls' rooms is activated and opens. A random man enters and confusingly demands to know why they are in his room. The girls, completely surprised and taken aback as some were changing, ask him the same. Eventually he leaves. Apparently, the front desk allowed that room to be checked out by somebody else even though it was occupied. The front desk staff robotically apologized and offered a $200 voucher for the hotel restaurant.

Friday, there was another credit card issue...Our travel coordinator never got a call from the front desk...We Finally were able to get ahold of a manager and he...assured us that there wouldn't be any more issues at the hotel.

On Saturday evening, all of the room keys to just my hotel room stopped working again. We went back to the front desk to get all of our rooms comped for the entire stay because of how frustrating, inconvenient, and ridiculous all of these issues were. The same manager said that the best he could do was comp our one room for that one night only.
 
Our entire team left that hotel having been through the worst travel experience of our lives. The fact that there were as many issues as there were (especially safety concerns of checking out a room twice) ...staff...managers...indifferent to our situation made everything worse. Our team is comprised of friendly, respectful, hospitable people, and we give and expect that from businesses and other people whenever we travel. This is my first attempt at contacting Marriott International, Inc. to allow them the opportunity to show its customers the hospitality that they expected.

Thank you for your time, I look forward to your response.
Let me start this review by stating that I am a platinum guest... every time I travel, I go out of my way to stay at a Marriott property.
I got a great deal directly on Marriott.com for the weekend... 
location is perfect... you are in close proximity to plenty...
Hotel is HUGE! Starbucks... restaurants... car rental desk...
Now to the negative,
I clearly posted my do not disturb sign on my door... on Monday, 1/16, the phone in my room is ringing at 10:30 am... the question that was asked "what time do I plan on checking out".... REALLY???
First of all, regular check out is noon... so why are you calling me... its 10:30 am.... 
So at 11:30 am, I decided to call downstairs and let the front desk know that I wanted to request a later check out.... as stated  previously... one benefit of being a platinum guest is later check out times if available. You can actually stay up until 4pm... again new benefit with the merger of Starwood properties. 
I requested a 2 pm check out....and was told this was perfectly fine.
As 2 pm started approaching, I decided that I needed a few more minutes so I picked up the phone and let them know I was running behind and it would be closer to 3.... again, I was told this was okay.
At 2:15 pm... the do not disturb sign was STILL on my door and there was a LOUD knock on my door... once again... it was housekeeping asking me what time I was checking out. 
Clearly... I don't feel like I was treated as a platinum guest... the do not disturb sign is meant for a CLEAR reason...  and don't call me early morning asking what time I plan on checking out....or knock on my door!!
Housekeeping needs to communicate and have a meeting to discuss...
Signed... one not happy Marriott rewards customer!
Bed bug alert!!! I stayed at this Marriott for two nights this week in room 8808 for a conference. The room itself was nice. The lack of free internet was a bummer, The day after the first night, I was a little itchy after my shower but didn't think anything of it since I had an early start and was in a rush. The next day, I was REALLY itchy. I checked in the mirror and had itchy bite marks all over my back!!! Gross!
I have traveled quite a bit for work and never had a bed bug incident! This hotel is gross!
As conference venues go, I have to say the Marriott Philadelphia Downtown is pretty crappy.  All the meeting rooms are too small; if you combine them together, you get a very long and narrow room that makes the people in the back feel like they're not even participating.  The ballroom is a pretty decent size, as is the exhibit hall, but the congregation areas on the 4th and 5th floors (outside those rooms) are ridiculously long and the escalators are inconvenient.  The main lobby has lots of great chairs - I even took a nap on one, since I'm staying with friends while attending this conference - but needs more outlets.  The restaurant (13) and bar (Circ) are jaw-droppingly overpriced.  $9.50 for a vodka diet? $6 for a tiny bit of hummus?  Seriously?  And the wifi...I didn't even bother.  $13 PER DAY for non-hotel guests.  I've heard rumors that the parking is $45/day but I've been using public lots and garages instead, there are a million around.  The Starbucks in the lobby is priced normally and has lots of seating.  The official conference center is convenient to get to from inside.  Reading Terminal Market is right across the street for lunch, but you'll have to go elsewhere for dinner because it closes at 6pm.

I'll be back next year for another conference and I'll be staying in a room that time, so I'll definitely update my review then.
I don't think I've ever stayed in a hotel this large. I nearly once stayed at the New York Marriott Marquis but I changed my reservation at the last second. This hotel is nearly 1300 rooms and it shows. It is MASSIVE.

I stayed here for 3 nights and this Marriott was the least expensive between the four sister properties in the area. I think it makes sense that it was considering this hotel is three times larger than every other hotel in the area! 

Getting to the valet was a bit confusing because the address is on Market street by the car entrance is on Filbert. Not the worst thing in the world, but I can imagine there are some grumpy people in the world that would complain about it.

The entrance is overwhelming. It is inviting in a Caesar's Palace type of way - kind of like in the Hangover when they're enamored with the size and beauty of it all? That's how I felt walking in. There's a small gift shop to the left and the front desk to the right. In the middle of the lobby sits one of their restaurants, Circ. They have a lot of seating given the space they have to offer, but I noticed it still fills up quickly.

Check-in was easy and the gentleman that checked me in was welcoming. I was sent on my way up to the elevators on the right side, which I'm assuming is one of many towers and/or entrances to rooms. The room itself, while clean, was nothing to write home about. It definitely felt like it needed an update. It was small but I didn't care much as I spent the majority of the time out and about. 

I did come around with an issue as I accidentally locked myself out. I asked a housekeeper to let me in - since she didn't have a way to identify me, she said she'd have to send security up. Okay fine, I totally understand that. However it took damn near 20 minutes for someone to come up and assist me. The housekeeper could tell I was flustered but that seemed to bother her. When security came up he interrogated me on why I didn't have a key. There was no friendliness to his tone and I felt he was genuinely attempting to make me feel bad over a mistake. This hotel is far too large for me to have to go back down and get a new key and definitely put a damper in my stay.

I was going to order room service, but I remembered that Reading Terminal Market is right across the street. The location of the hotel is its biggest plus. It's about six blocks to Independence Hall and the Liberty Bell, and right next to (in my opinion) the best food market in the United States. It's also a very easy walk to Chinatown and multiple restaurants and bars in the area.

I would stay here again simply for the convenience of the location and the fact that I never spend much time in my hotel. If I were looking for a stay-cation, I'm not sure this would be it.
Ok the Hotel itself isn't bad, the rooms are nice ... my issue .. 

THEFT now not just 1 but  2 cell phones (mine) and another unfortunate guest, had  phones stolen from their vehicles within MINUTES of each other. 

And the Most likely culprit....the  valet staff.  

Her I phone was taken right off her dash, The staff even seemed surprised that she wanted to report it to the police.   

Now I know why leave a phone in the car?... I got out to see if I needed to pay for parking upfront or after.  I forgot it was sitting in the cup holder .

Google tracking service showed it last pinged in outside the hotel 4 minutes after we checked, in.   

It was fully charged so it was shut off.  

I've since read other reports about Valet theft at that hotel if you're gonna go leave NOTHING not even change in your car .
I recently stayed at this Marriott location in Downtown Philly, and for the most part, thoroughly enjoyed our time in the City of Brotherly Love.  

On the positive side, this hotel is in a great central location.  It is literally across the street from the famous Reading Terminal Market, and it is also close to Chinatown, and I believe I also saw the Greyhound bus terminal not far from here either.  Additionally, a lot of the attractions in Philly are within walking distance, that is if you like to walk and don't mind traveling on foot for about 1-2+ miles.  We walked a lot while we were there, and our feet took us to many places such as Independence Hall, the Liberty Bell, The National Constitution Center, the Love Park, The Phila. Museum of Art.  Occasionally, we hopped in a cab, but for a great majority of the time, we walked everywhere, and it was comforting to know that the hotel was never too ridiculously far to get back to.  

On service, the Marriott definitely came through.  The Concierge personnel are extremely affable and helpful.  We checked in and checked out without a ruffle.  Another great aspect of this hotel is the proximity to all the available public parking lots.  If you drive in and don't want to to pay the hotel valet fee for parking ($30 per night), there are a ton of public parking lots within the vicinity of this Marriott.  We actually parked the car overnight at a lot just a few blocks from the hotel, and for a great rate (about $42 for 2 nights).  For convenience and location, this hotel is undeniable.  

What gets a little iffy for me is the star grade for this Marriott.  This hotel is supposedly a 4-star affair, but I think it's more 3 or 3.5 stars.  Aside from it being very large, with more than 20 floors, and a few dedicated floors for conventions and meetings, I just don't see the buzz.  The outside facade is a bit gloomy and beginning to show signs of aging.  And in all fairness, although the entrance and lobby are very clean and modern, and our room was equally pristine, there is really nothing glitzy or awe-inspiring about the hotel to justify 4 stars.  

Lastly, we got an amazing deal on Priceline and paid a lot less than the regular going rate for 1-night ($199).  I know for a fact that if we had to shell out that much to stay at this hotel, I would have been irate.  For $199 per night, I'd expect to be dazzled with a lot more than mediocrity.  We had a comfortable stay here, but I think a certain personality and uniqueness are lacking to truly set this Marriott apart (in fact, when we were in Westchester, NY and stayed at a Courtyard by Marriott, which is a 3-star hotel, I felt it was even nicer than this Philly Marriott).
Tired and worn conference/business hotel that is conveniently located in the heart of Philadelphia.  There is direct indoor access to the convention center via an enclosed walkway on the 3rd floor. This property is in dire need of a facelift/ renovation. Additionally, the valet staff don't know how to drive standard transmission cars...how can your job be driving and you not have the required skill-set? It took 30 minutes for me to get my car because they couldn't find someone to move it and I was not permitted in the garage.
The good: It's located directly across the street from Reading Terminal where you can find everything your heart desires - including vegan hot dogs! It's also connected to the convention center if you're there for an event.

The bad: I was literally greeted with "Next!" as I waited in line to check-in and was treated as if I was a bother to the person doing her job. I suppose I could have waited in the Elite line had I spotted it, but if this how they treat guests without status, count me out. The neighborhood is kinda sketch too. 

The ugly: Stains on the carpet and a run-down feeling.
Not Marriott's finest property. We stayed overnight here on a recent trip to Philadelphia, wanting to be downtown and near all the action. The first thing you'll notice if you drive in is that parking is hard to find. We ended up having to circle around several one way streets to find our way to the parking lot across the street from the hotel. When you first enter the hotel, you'll probably notice how it's massive. While many Marriott properties seem big but have personal touches, this one is just huge and somewhat impersonable. 

The rooms had everything you would expect, but were dated. Definitely past their prime and ready for a renovation. I guess the saving grace was how they had the smart tv with streaming audio and video. 

Word to the wise: avoid the pool. It did not seem clean the day we were there, with cloudy water, grime on the wall, and garbage everywhere. There is also no hot tub.
Overall I am very satisfied with our stay and will stay here again.

Pros:
*Location is in close proximity to 90% of the tourist locations
*Has a big bus on site and sells tickets in the gift shop
*has a bar that's open until 1am and serves food plus another restaurant on site
*staff is extremely friendly and helpful
*has rooms available prior to the check-in time
*has 24 hour Starbucks and FedEx on site
*has an airport shuttle on site
*has valet (which we used instead of self parking because it is only a difference of 5 dollars a day)
*parking garage across the street

Cons:
*Parking is extremely expensive but I know their prices are similar to other hotels in the area ($40+/day)
*no information in the hotel about how to connect to the wifi so when you try to connect it makes it seem that you have to pay even though its free to guest. So we had to call the computer support (auto dial button on the hotel phone in the room) to find out how to sign in
*depending on the conventions going on next door or meetings in the ball rooms the hotel lobby can get real noisy and busy/crowded. There was a gymnastic competition going on last weekend when we were there so girls were doing cartwheels in the lobby and hand stands etc. which we didn't have a problem or complain about but I can see how other guest would. 
*pool is a far walk from the elevator down a long hallway with lots of turns. And like I stated above depending on what is going on at the hotel or the convention center the pool was also swarmed with a bunch of young girls from the gymnastic competition and the pool is not very large so doesn't leave a lot of room for others to be able to go swimming with out a lot of distraction especially since their is no lifeguard and is swim at your own risk which leaves parents in charge of their kids.
We stayed for three days, two nights last week. As a Platinum Premiere Elite member, I received a room upgrade to the 18th floor penthouse suite (a huge room), early check-in, late check-out, a $10 voucher for the bar, and lounge access for free breakfast, hors d'oeuvres, and dessert.  All of these perks improved our stay.  

The front desk staff were mostly all friendly. Joe checked us in and out and was competent, efficient, and reliable. There was a rude woman who was reluctant to give my boyfriend a Band-Aid when he requested one. I wrote down her name and will update the review when I find the paper I wrote it on.

Our hotel suite was very clean, had a bedroom with French doors, and a TV in the bedroom. There were plenty of towels in the bathroom, two rolls of toilet paper, and the regular toiletries. The shower had a heat lamp, which I've never seen before. The mini fridge was stocked with water bottles, and the living room TV was a huge flat screen bolted down to the console to deter theft. There were floor lamps (no recessed lights) and drapes that adequately kept light out. 

Centrally located and a huge, huge hotel, there are entrances on both Filbert Street and Market Street. These places are within seconds away: Reading Terminal Market, Philadelphia Convention Center, Philadelphia City Hall, and Love Park. 

Uber and Lyft were also within a few minutes away, and we never had to wait too long. 

We enjoyed our stay and look forward to staying at this hotel again.
Unbelievable!  I've stayed here before and always had a good experience.  This time is a different story. I checked in at 6pm and upon unpacking I found the room safe did not work.  No big deal right, call the front desk and have them fix it.  Well not so fast. Here it is 9:45 pm, three different people have come and gone and stIll it does not work.  I should also note that I had to fix the toilet myself( I'm handy so no big deal) but come on.  This is the Downtown Philadelphia Marriott, I am a silver member, why is this room being used if things are broken.    Hold  the presses, the on duty manager came by and asked me to brief him on what was going on.  I started with you are the fourth person to my room tonight what more do you need.  Then he proceeded to tell me that while I was gone he came by with security and found the safe cannot be fixed. Are you kidding me?  Why then are you asking me to brief you!   Marriott you can do better,Marriott, you must do better.
I booked this hotel at a group rate through my employer, and I wasn't expecting it to be so nice. It's a huge hotel, with dining choices and a lounge right on the first floor. The reception staff is very nice and welcoming. The room was clean and comfortable and had everything I needed for my stay. It's situated in a good location, too, close to Center City shopping/restaurants, as well as right next to Reading Terminal Market. I'd definitely recommend it!
Nice rooms but the parking situation is a nightmare if you're here for more than a day. Also, they don't offer free wifi or a free breakfast. The hotel restaurant has okay food buy its expensive. $14 for 2 small crab cakes?! If you need a place to park, the best deal I've seen so far is Central Parking Co. on Walnut Street (about 6 blocks from the hotel). They have an early bird special where you can park from 4pm to 9am the following day for $8 - $11 a night. Did I mention the Marriott charges $48 a day for valet parking. The parking problem is the main reason I'm rating this hotel at 3 stars.

Pros: - Close to a lot of restaurants and attractions
          - Nice rooms

Cons: - PARKING 
           - No free wifi 
           - No free breakfast
I was in Philadelphia for business & stayed at the Marriott overnight. I normally stay at SPG chain hotels but since Marriott and SPG merged and honor my status from SPG I decided to give them a try....

When I checked in the front desk was helpful and polite except explaining to me how to get to my hotel room and what tower to stay at... I was told my room was a suite like room.... let me tell you I've stayed in suites and this was not a suite, two double beds that felt like sleeping on a bed of rocks... the pillows were smaller than my daughters pillows in her bed at home! 

Also the television was half way across the room and had horrible quality...

I have to say if your staying here don't have any high expectations....
This is probably the nicest hotel I've ever stayed in, but considering how much I had to pay per night it had better well be! (ok... I actually got a group rate which wasn't too bad, but still...).

We checked in early and got really lucky, as we were given an "executive suite" for the price of a regular room: little suite with living room separate from the bedroom... pretty nice. It's nice indeed, the staff is very friendly and responsive. 

A few (very minor) complaints about the room:
- a fridge would have been nice.
- how about flat screen TVs? 
- no wireless?!?!? and I had to pay $10 a day for a very spotty internet connection.

Besides that, no serious complaints. Very comfy bed, fast room service (but mediocre food). I'd probably stay there again (if I can afford it, that is).
This is easily the worst Marriott property I have ever stayed in.  I have been a loyal Marriott customer for many years. I have stayed with them all around the world and in almost every major city in this country. This property is not what I have come to expect. The front desk woman was incredibly rude. She was giving me attitude when I was just trying to check in.  The room was dirty. Dust on the night tables. Dust in the glasses. Usually the glass ware comes in plastic for sanitary reasons, this didn't. The ceiling had paint chipping and falling down. Clearly the bathroom has poor ventilation and no one has bothered to perform normal maintenance. There was also no blow dryer or bathrobe. My Marriott profile states extra towels and a refrigerator. There were only 2 towels with brown spots on them and no refrigerator. My room was also never serviced. If you call for anything in the hotel the phone just rings and rings and rings. I am still waiting for a call back from the manager. At the moment it has been 4 hours. The concierge doesn't seem to know anything about Philadelphia. I asked for a jewelry store in the area to have my watch battery changed. She told me a location but didn't know the name. There was no jewelry store there but there is one almost across the street from the hotel. It's really irritating since that is her job.
The rooms are like every other Marriott except this one has incredibly thin walls and doors. You can here it anytime someone walks passed your room.
The only thing nice here is the concierge floor. The night time service is phenomenal . The gentleman stopped me before I left t to make sure I got some chocolate cake he was just putting out.
This Marriott Hotel is beautiful. The excellent customer service, the personal attention that each staff members give you makes you feel at home. Being away from home on holidays for work makes it unbearable at times, but I can say the brilliant service I received here is top notch. 

Yes it's New Years Eve and the hotel is busy. But in the lobby when you enter there's someone  pouring you a glass of champagne or helping you with a cup of hot chocolate. All I can say is the hotel guests seem to be extremely happy. I am very grateful for the first class service each Marriott staff members have given us. 

Make sure if you're in the downtown Philadelphia area, that you book your hotel here. Location, location, location,  well this Marriott is very convenient to all the hot spot you want to visit, bars, and restaurants. Definitely you won't be disappointed.
Great location- right by Reading Terminal Market. 
Love how quiet the rooms are. 
The gym looks amazing- next time- I need to go work out. I spent my whole day in RTM this trip. 
Hard Rock Cafe is right next door. 
I love a fridge in the room- you don't even have to ask for it- every room has one. So many extra bonus points for that. 
Front desk staff was friendly and helpful.
Great amenities in lobby- Fedex store is a huge plus. 
Starbucks, Hertz car rental, and shoe shine services. 
Plus- a full bar right in the center of the lobby. 
Great to meet up with friends and co-workers.
Just returned from a three night stay. This is a huge and rather soulless flagship Marriott. Check in was smooth and my 19th floor King room was clean and comfortable, if quite small. The pool area is cramped and unpleasant and was an echo chamber for screaming children the weekend I was there. The staff was uniformly friendly and attentive. Sadly,the area around the hotel is populated by many homeless and panhandlers, some of them rather aggressive. I'm a fairly frequent visitor to Philadelphia and the Center City area gets worse and worse. This is obviously not the hotel's fault but security should be tighter as these people are everywhere and some will approach you on hotel property. While I never felt threatened, after awhile I felt like I was staying in a gated community or a high security prison.

 In sum, This hotel is OK if you can get a good rate, but does not warrant premium prices as there are a number of other options in the area that are as good if not better.
This is a pretty standard Marriott which is good because the Marriott is a chain with high standards. 

The hotel had nice clean and comfortable rooms with all the standard features. I had forgotten my toothpaste and the hotel was happy to provide me a couple of dental kits free of charge. 

The location of the hotel is very convenient, very close to downtown which allowed me to walk to my destination with no hassle.  

The staff were friendly and professional. 

The gym here quite large but could use more weights.
Not the greatest Marriott I've stayed at but its ok. For the price we paid, I expected better. 

Pros - great location, lots of fabulous sights and restaurants within walking distance, friendly staff, comfy pillows. 

Cons - room AC was finicky and difficult to manage, bed mattress wasn't very comfy, we also were assigned a room designed for handicap accessibility. This would have been fine, but little did we know that when you take a shower, the entire bathroom floor gets wet. The only drain was in the shower an the rest of the floor was angled away from the drain. Kind of gross.
If I could do zero stars I would have! So far, this is been one of the worst hotel experiences I've ever had. Upon check in, the valet decided that I needed a bell hop to take up my luggage and I went along with it. I've been sitting in my room for over an hour now, called the front desk FOUR times (the first time they weren't even sure where my bags were), and am currently still bag-less. Oh and not to mention it's 1:00am and I can't sleep until I get my bags (a fact I've mentioned to the receptionist several times already). This is absolutely ridiculous for a hotel that claims to make your stay "stress free and easy". 

In addition, whoever cleaned my room left used tissues all over the tv area and used breakfast menus. So that's just great. 

What a disappointment for a hotel that looked great on paper.
Can't beat the location of this Marriott by key sites like City Hall, Chinatown, and the Reading Terminal Market. The Market is so fun to explore/eat your way through. The hotel has a lobby bar in the round to grab a drink or in the morning drink your Starbucks in (from the store in the lobby). Convenient restaurant on the first floor.  Held a private lunch for a business meeting and they accommodated us nicely (also tasty shrimp tacos, tomato soup, and blts). The wait staff remembered us the next morning. Nice, clean rooms if nothing special. Rather ordinary bathroom that isn't a treat but gets the job done. Pleasant staff and helpful bellman are a plus.
The location can't be beat!

I was in Philadelphia for a conference and we chose this hotel due to proximity. 

The Good
The room was clean and tidy, with great natural light. 
The bathroom was spacious, with excellent water pressure. Two full beds, a pull out sofa, and a roll-away bed gave the 5 of us good space to rest and store our luggage. 

The proximity to food, drink, and bars was unbeatable. There is a Starbucks attached to the hotel on the 1st floor. The Reading Terminal Market is less than a block away. 

Jefferson Station is attached to hotel, so you can travel around the city cheaply without stepping into the elements.

The Bad
The mattresses are lumpy and the pillows are flat. I couldn't do much about the mattress, but I had to order 4 pillows to be brought to the room to sleep comfortably.

The room cards kept getting demagnetized. I was able to use my card to access the building after hours, and ride the elevator to my floor, only to find that it wouldn't open my room, 5 times over a 3 night stay.  

The parking prices were insane. I believe it was around $40 a day. I took the train (only a $7 Uber away), and the parking cost more than my round trip ticket.

The Ugly
Every corner outside the hotel smells like piss. It's not the hotel's fault but UGH! that smell was awful.

After a certain hour, the area doesn't feel safe, so I didn't venture out after 9pm. Again, not the hotel's fault, but be mindful of your surroundings.
The Marriott was my professional organization's conference hotel. If a hotel meets the required needs, it gets 3 stars. Rooms here are nice, the Presidential suite is beautiful but definitely not spectacular. (A group of us from the BOD reminisced about best presidential suites and still give the Opryland in Nashville the 5 star medal!) Anyway, who earned the Marriott a 4th star was Erika at the front desk. When I checked in carrying an evening dress, she said, ":Since you are obviously the princess, I am upgrading you to the concierge floor with privileges." Enough said, Ericka this star is for you.
As an elite Marriot traveler, have stayed at many throughout the us and world. This one despite its convenient location is one of the most poorly run marriots i have stayed at -- saying alot
   If you are unfortunate to be there during a high peak time , the hotel is under staffed and lacking in the  basic customer service orientation that has made the Marriot brand name a consistent source of comfort for road warriors.  
    AVOID at all cost the car valet-- unless you have no time constraints or comfortable to wait 45-1 hour for your car.
   Despite its outward appearance and location , this is not the Maririot to stay at in Philly and it is  well worth pursuing other competitors-- which are many- in the surrounding neighborhood.  Cavet Emptor as the saying goes.
    -
Hmm. Well it's a pain in the ass to get to because Philly drivers are kind of crazy and there are way too many one-way streets. Took me a few loops around (translation: got lost a few times) to finally find the place.

The hotel itself is pretty nice although a bit confusing to navigate, but not nearly as confusing as the San Diego Marriott. Major kudos to the front desk staff who helped me out with some stuff at the end of my trip- totally above and beyond the call of duty!

Another nice thing is that you're within walking distance from a lot of sites- liberty bell, liberty hall, etc, etc.
I prefer Marriott Hotels, but this one needs some work. The conference and common areas are nice, but the hotel room had peeling paint and needs some tile/sheetrock work. Not what one would expect from a Marriott. 

Unless you use the conference Wi-Fi, you must pay a high daily fee.
I stayed here last weekend and had a great experience overall.

The valet service was slow during check-out, and to be honest it's slightly overpriced at $48/night.

The location is great, located right in downtown Philly if that's where you're lokking to stay.

The rooms are clean overall but I would recommended minor fixes in the showers,etc.

I would definitely stay here again when I come back to Philly!

The hotel staff is helpful and service was consistent throughout my stay.
The last time I stayed here I really enjoyed it. This time around however my experience was a total disaster. I came to Philly on business and stayed her for two nights. One of the reasons I chose this hotel is because of the awesome app and the ability to check in online. A lot of the rooms also have a nice view of the city. When I got to the hotel this let me skip the line and the keys were handed to me. This part is pretty much the only positive thing about my experience this time.

Upon entering my room I noticed that they gave me 2 queen beds instead of the 1 king I requested. I fail to understand why 1 person would need 2 beds, isn't it common sense to put them in 1 king? When I looked around the room i also noticed that there was hair on the toilet. Gross!! It looks like they did a terrible job cleaning. What topped it all off was that there was a yellowish stain on the toilet paper. I do not want to think where that stain came from. I got a maid to give me new toilet paper right away.

The next unfortunate event that happened was that they checked me out 1 day early for some odd reason. The front desk person couldn't figure out why and I had to spend time down stairs to get my keys fixed. This is a waste of time especially since I am already on a tight meeting schedule. The gentlemen that helped me was helpful but was not the nicest person. The overall staff is okay, nothing to rave about.

Overall, terrible experience. I would have requested another room had my schedule not been so tight. Not sure if I will stay here again.
Great location. Our first time here, we were here for a weekend birthday getaway. The valet parking $50 a night, we parked across the street $36 a night. Right in the middle of downtown, we used uber and lyft to get around town and sight see. Hotel was clean, cleaning staff very pleasant. The bathroom needs an update, the rest of the room very clean standard 2 double beds. The pool was very nice I think the max was 3-4 feet deep. 

The vending machines on our floor didn't work but Wawa was right across the street. Only other issue is the panhandling as soon as you leave out of the lobby on both sides.

No hidden charges of fees. I would stay again.
I can't help myself here -- this hotel was such a joke, it was not funny.  We stayed on the concierge level (what a joke that was) and they made a big deal about the fruit and cheese platter they were going to send to us.  Well, I KID YOU NOT --- when it arrived, it was a BOWL OF PRETZELS WITH ONE WHOLE APPLE IN IT.  Fruit and cheese? Seriously?  These people are eating stupid-sandwiches for lunch if they think this is a fruit and cheese plate.
Philadelphia is a city that time has forgotten and I'd rather sleep in a tent on the side of the road then stay at a Marriott again.
I'm only thirty minutes in and I'm not impressed.  The wall paper and wall posts in the hallways are ripped and missing, and my room, #1113 for my cult following, has a strong disinfectant smell which is making me nauseous.

Update: 11/13/07

My last night here.  This Marriott needs a lot of work.  The lobby reeks of cheap perfume and their is dirt all around.  Wallpaper is loose, streak marks are present on the elevator up and down arrows, and anything with glass in general is dirty.  My room still smells of disinfectant. Almost like a cab with a scent tree.  

My room has no incoming fresh air and I'm getting claustrophobic.  The fumes are making me feel so sick that I'm not getting any sleep and I'm missing a big part of my sight seeing day.  Bedding is just weird.  The mattress feels like soft clay.  It makes it very hard, especially a big boned person like myself, to pull yourself out of bed.  Not because it's blissful, but literally because your ass and back keep sinking towards the floor.

I didn't even bother using the swimming pool.  When I opened the door a hot blast of heavily chlorinated air hit my face.  I shit you not when I say my eyes were burning.  Plus, the pool is very narrow.  Probably less than five feet wide.  

There is marble all around the hallways and ground floor lobby but it is canceled by that God awful cheap perfume smell. The staff is very courteous and professional.  Absolutely no complaints.  This low rating is for management.  And, even though the service is five stars I cannot recommend this hotel.
Matt at the front desk is Awesome! He helped to check me in with ease and suggested a great breakfast spot.

I'm honestly not the biggest Marriott fan. But this one was pretty nice, excellent location (after the marathon was over) the arena is easy to navigate and walking friendly. With just an overnight night stay I got to squeeze in so much due to the location. 

My room was comfortable- house keeping did forget the previous guest keys and the tub needed a little more attention but overall great stay.
Upscale hotel in the heart of Philly. Our room was clean, comfortable, surprisingly spacious and had a beautiful view of the city hall. The housekeeping staff are friendly and try their best to accommodate your needs. The Starbucks connected to the lobby is convenient for a pick-me-up coffee before heading out into the city. The only drawback is lack of nearby cheap parking spaces and wifi which costs about $16. It was a lovely stay...but I doubt I'll come back to this hotel.
We used Priceline and got this hotel. Check-in was impersonal. We requested a room with a King bed and we were accommodated. The room was attractive and comfortable, and noise was minimal. I would stay here again.  

Minor quibbles: there was no fan in bathroom so the mirror could not be used after showering. We noticed blood drops on the curtain. The sheet was a bit small for the bed.
For a Marriott property, especially one in a prime downtown location like the Philly Marriott Downtown, there were some positives but more negatives about this hotel.

First the good:
--The lobby, bar area and restaurant were nice, clean, modern and great to hang out at. 
--The banquet hall floor/area was large, spacious, clean and easily held plenty of people for the dance I attended on Sunday  night of Labor Day weekend.

Now the not-so-good:
--The room (at least my room I stayed in anyways--a room with double beds on the ninth floor) was tired and looked like it hadn't been remodeled in 10-12 years. 
--No HDTV, but a nice 10-12 year-old television. I make this point because in the last 2-3 years, every hotel I've stayed in (including a Holiday Inn) have upgraded the TVs in the rooms. You'd think a Marriott would too--not this one.
--The towels were old, hard and scratchy...not fun.

Now the ugly:
When I was about to check out, a friend who crashed in my room texted me saying one of his friends staying in another room was bitten by bedbugs in his room. I didn't suffer anything like that in my one night in the hotel. However, yesterday I discovered a bedbug infestation in my bed at home and I've never had a problem with the critters. I know I can't prove the bugs got into my bags and traveled home with me--but they easily travel and people won't know they've brought some home until the red bite marks start showing up after a night's rest. Just saying it's possible my room had 'em too but can't prove it. 

So when you add it all up...the Philadelphia Marriott Downtown doesn't live up to the expectations one may expect the brand to have.
This is a review of the housekeeping and lost and found.  

Called the hotel ~36 hours after I realized I had forgotten my Macbook Air charger in my room. The lost and found said they had the item logged and housekeeping hadn't returned the item yet. I thought all hope was lost until I called the next day and the lost and found said they had the item and could ship it out.  Got the charger back in a day for a small shipping fee.  Overall, very pleased with housekeeping and lost and found.
Not quite sure why there's so many bad reviews because I enjoyed my stay. Granted, I didn't pay for this with my own money since it was a business trip but still, I wouldn't have minded. 

I requested early check-in over the phone but when I got to the hotel at 9am, reception told me that no one was getting early check-in due to the influx of convention go-ers. No problem. I left my luggage with bell services and they called me about two hours later telling me my room was ready. 

I checked-in later on in the day due to being at the convention center all day and it was painless and quick. My room was a corner room so I had a nice view of the Reading Terminal Market. Perhaps because it was a corner room, I felt like it was bigger than standard hotel rooms. Bathroom was clean and pretty big. At least I wasn't sitting right next to the tub! 

I loved the Downtown because of its close proximity to everything. It's got a bridge to the convention center, which was great because it ended up snowing on one of the convention days. I didn't even need to go outside! it's also across the street from the Reading Terminal Market, so delicious food right there! 

The only reason why I'm docking one star is the wifi. It was atrocious. I would DC at least 2-3 times every hour. Perhaps it's because so many people were in the hotel for the multiple conventions (I think there were 3-4 on any given day while I was there).
