So you're a tourist and it's a beautiful sunny Saturday in the City of Brotherly Love.  What to do, what to do? The heck with the Liberty Bell.  The heck with climbing the "Rocky" steps.  Why don't you make it a market day? 

Put on sturdy walking shoes and grab a couple of reusable tote bags.  If you don't have them don't worry, you can easily buy them when needed.  Stroll on over to the Reading Terminal Market for breakfast.  If you are staying in center city it's likely and easy walk.  You may want to try the Dutch Eating Place but there are lots of places to choose from.   As this is an Italian market review I'll save a detailed description of Reading Terminal for another time.

Now it's time to head for South Philly.  I strongly suggest you walk to the Italian Market.  Yes it may be a bit of a trek for some but here's the deal.  You get an up close and personal look at one of the most interesting parts of Philly.  You are going to be spending a good part of the day here.  You'll have lunch and maybe even dinner.  You may even have an adult libation, or two, or three.  Your tote bags are also going to be loaded with great stuff.  Tonight will be the time to take a cab back to your hotel.  It's only a few bucks and you're going to be tired.  Trust me it's the way to go.  

So you made it!  You're at 9th and Fitzwater which is the top of the market.  Before you begin you have two big decisions to make.

Decision #1 - What is your plan of attack.  The great majority of folks are loop people.  They go down one side of the street and up the other and end up back where they started.  There are a few wild and crazy folks I call the zigzag nuts.  They bounce back and forth from one side of the street to the other.  When they get to the bottom of the market they are done.

I strongly suggest the loop method.  Actually, assuming you are a 1st timer, I suggest you do the loop twice.  The first time, just stroll past all the wonderful shops without stopping. Marvel at the variety.  Sometimes folks emit soft moans when one of the many wonderful aromas wafts by.  Don't worry the market folks are used to that.   An occasional OMG is also fine.   It will take you about thirty minutes and give you an idea of what you're in for.   Now do the loop again stopping at the shops of your choice.

Decision #2 - You also need to determine your eating method.  Most folks are the nibblers.  There are so many interesting and delicious tidbits to try they just can't resist.  The problem is that leaves no room for lunch and/or dinner.   Of course you can try to resist temptation and save yourself room for real meals.  I suggest you split the difference.  Nibble away but save room for a late lunch.  Nibble some more and pass on dinner at the market.  You'll be too stuffed anyway.

So do I have any recommendations you ask?  Absolutely!  Definitely have lunch at Paesano's II.  You'll have one of the best and most interesting sandwiches in your life. Some other places worth of a visit are Dibrunos, Fantes, Espisitios, Claudio's and Tortilleria San Roman.  When it's time to rest your feet and enjoy an adult libation try The Wishing well especially if you appreciate a good beer selection.

It doesn't get much better than spending a sunny day at the Italian Market.  Definitely a five (5) star experience!
As a devoted fan of Reading Terminal Market, I decided it was high time that I check out Philly's other major market--the Italian Market--so I finally did so yesterday.  The Italian Market differs substantially from RTM in several ways, including shape (linear), location (Bella Vista), format (outdoor), content (mostly groceries), merchant and customer demographics (more local), etc.  As others have noted, the Italian Market is definitely less touristy and more rough around the edges than RTM, arguably reflecting "the real Philly" more accurately than its cousin.

The Italian Market runs along 9th St. from Fitzwater to Washington, consisting of several shops and outdoor vendors.  Most outdoor vendors sell produce, but a few specialize in meat, seafood, etc.  As the name of the market suggests, several of the shops specialize in Italian foodstuffs, including pasta, sauces, and, most importantly, cheese (!).  During my trip to the market, I stopped into DiBruno's, Claudio's, and Talluto's to check out their wares.  Both DiBruno's and Claudio's specialize in cheese; the former offers an extensive and well-curated selection, while the latter is known for their fresh mozzarella.  During my visit to DiBruno's, an employee at the cheese counter offered recommendations and free samples of a goat cheese and gouda, both of which were delicious.  I didn't speak to anyone at the cheese counter at Claudio's, so I can't offer personal testimony about the quality of their products.  Talluto's offerings reminded me of my favorite Italian groceria in the Bloomfield section of Pittsburgh (Groceria Italiana).  The fresh pasta and sauces looked quite tempting and delicious, though I didn't try any of them, and I'm sure I'd be a regular visitor if I lived nearby.

In addition to the street vendors and stores selling groceries, several of the merchants at the Italian Market sell prepared food.  One of the most notable is Paesano's, known for their creative Italian sandwiches (separate review forthcoming).  Another is Tortilleria San Ramon, known for their tacos and other Mexican specialties.  There are also a couple of bakeries in close proximity (Sarcone's and Isgro), though I unfortunately missed out on sampling their goods due to time constraints.

Because I visited the Italian Market immediately before catching a train back to Pittsburgh, I had limited time to explore and limited space for purchases.  While I'm glad that my return trip finally provided an opportunity to visit the market, next time, I'll be sure to visit when I know I'll be able to take full advantage of its amenities.  Whether you're a local or a visitor, the Italian Market is definitely well worth a visit--although RTM will always be my favorite Philly market.
It makes me cry gallons of tears when someone says the Italian Market sucks.  It doesn't, you just have to know where to shop.  

Must Hits are plentiful, especially for the serious cook:

 --DiBruno's and Claudio's for cheese, fancy oils, specialty imported olives, all sorts of cold salads and housemade charcuterie; 
--Talluto's for handmade pasta; 
--Fante's for all the kitchen things you could ever want or need; 
--Gleaner's Cafe for coffee and people watching; 
--Scott & Judy's Produce for vegetables and fruit; 
--Giordano's for cheap herbs and some produce; 
--Fiorella's for handmade sausages that put all others to shame;
--Esposito's Butcher for meats and Cannuli's House of Pork as well -- they even sell whole roasted pigs for big get-togethers. 
--Sarcone's for crucial Italian rolls. 

I don't ever buy fish here and I'm super picky with produce. You can't beat the prices with a stick, but it's critical to only buy what you need.  Some things are too ripe to hold for longer than 24 hours. 

If you think this market sucks it's because you have no idea what you are looking for.  Sorry about that.
While we were in Philadelphia we visited a Lotta different sites and sayings. One of the cool things that I enjoyed seeing was the Italian market yeah and seeing all the little Italy signs and just everything I thought was really cool. I remember in Rocky where he was running down the Italian market and people were terraforming I got the room and orange that was all improvised and they kept it in the movie so I was kind of cool nobody through an orange at me while I was walking down so that's OK but overall it was a fun experience
Such cheap grocery!! Screw Superfresh ... this is so the place to go. Where else can you buy 4 lbs zucchini for $2.00... or 7 tangerines for a buck... or 2 bundles of asparagus for buck! Okay, I'll stop listing my great deals :P But really, this is such a great way for anyone on a budget to get good and cheap produce. They have everything you may need including bell peppers, apples, zucchini, peaches, grapes, broccoli, carrots etc! 

Besides the farmer's market, there are also a lot of great stores surrounding these few blocks. I like Darigo's Fish market as well as the various meat stores they have. It is also fun to check out all the yummy cheeses at Di Bruno's! Another one of my favorite stores is the Spice Corner where you can get just about any herb/spice you will ever need!

This is also a great spot to go for fresh pastas and to cook a great dinner. It might also be fun to take visitors here as well.
Yes, yesssss, a thousand times YES!  The 9th Street Italian Market is the grown-up's answer to Disney World.  I want to move onto 9th Street and live la dolce vita forever.

The Italian Market is several city blocks along 9th Street.  The shops lining the street specialize in all manner of Italian products (some Latino and Asian stores have sneaked in there, oddly enough) and often set up stalls along the sidewalks as well.  When we visited on an unseasonably cool March morning, metal drums burning wooden flats and other scrap wood peppered the roadway, where street-tough stock-men, butchers, and cheese mongers warmed their hands and smoked jacks in an unusually poignant display of community.

Everything entices here, from the scents of coffee and chocolate wafting from doorways to hand shaped pastas and gorgeous whole fish beckoning from windows and ice beds.  Fantastically fresh, ridiculously affordable produce as far as the eye can see.  Moms and I walked the market end-to-end twice, stopping at all the stores and stands both loops.  We never wanted to leave.

The concierge at our hotel joked that "the only thing you can't find at the Italian market is an Italian."  He couldn't have been more wrong.  A stooped and wizened paisan with a beautiful, thick accent helped us decipher pasta shapes we'd never seen before in one shop.  Mothers chattered in Italian to their toddlers in strollers as they rolled through the produce stands.  A cadre of middle-aged gentleman, all first cousins, regaled Moms and me with stories of growing up in Italy over cappuccinos and biscotti at the coffee shop.  

Nothing has taken me back to summers playing bocce and eating homemade marinara with my Italian relatives in New England like Philadelphia's 9th Street Market did.  What a remarkably authentic, surprisingly entertaining way to pass a morning or afternoon in Philadelphia.  I'd come here weekly if I could.

[15 Minutes of Fame: "Hack" and "It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia"]
The Italian market is one of Philadelphia's treasures, a landmark you might even say. Everybody knows about this strip from the east to the west, all made possible by one man Sylvester Stallone. That's right folks Rocky Balboa, The Italian stallion running up 9th street as he was training showed you a little taste of what 9th st was in the late 70's. With that all well known theme, Eye of the Tiger , waiving to all the vendors.

Gone are the days when you can have a flock of kids run behind you  with the symphony, those trumpets , violins and bells .The guy that screams out "Yea go get'em Rock" , as we all sing " Getting strong now, running hard now " with children's voices in the chorus.   

Now let us fast forward 30+ years to what we have now on our beloved 9th St as it kept on growing. History, traditions being passed through generations of past. The different flavors dancing about, the aromas' you smell from George's roast pork, to DiBruno brothers.  The fresh produce and fruits from Paul and Frances Giordano, to the live crabs across the way. The typical 1, 2 punch, the combinations hitting you like Rocky to a side of beef hanging there.  All of this while enjoying some fresh baked pretzel at Center City Pretzel which is cheap. A beautifully hot strand of three for a dollar. It is OK to wander off to the next block on 8th, there you will find more delights. An over flow from 9th st you might say. 

Shopping made easier, cheaper, the quality that mom and pop shop providing you service where you would not be able to find via big business. The eateries that ables you to enjoy freshest of all  tastes.  Talk to the vendors, experience the local sounds you wouldn't hear anywhere else. Other than the movies where else can you hear  "Yo cuz whatcha need" or " how bout liddle dis,  summa dat and here'ya go " .

Great way to experience the heart of Philly, you will definitely need to make a day of it. You will have the greatest time, money left over in your pocket, you might even pick up a few words here and there. Get the lingo down , its like being a part of a family you thought you would never have.  As it is said you can't do New York in one day, this also goes for 9th St.  I suggest some good walking sneakers,  because my friend(s) you will be walking a good bit today. Not to worry though, plenty of places for you to stop and replenish for the kids, and yourself if you know what I mean. 

Great hidden treasures await you ( wow does that sound like a cliches`) on any time of the day.  9th St. can be enjoyed at any time of the year, now go out there and take it in, you'll be happy.
I use to go to the Italian Market before I lived in South Philly, but now that I'm right around the corner, I'm there several times a week - I rarely go to the super market more than once a month (if that). I mean, with butchers that will cut to order, fruits and veggies at a fraction of the price of the mega mart, and actually seasonal, including herbs and more exotic items than can be found at the Acme. I've also started eating more fish, which has always freaked me out at the supermarket. Actually, I've started eating more healthily in general (except of course when I splurge on cured meets and cheese or homemade pasta, or pastries up the street on Christian...). The Italian Market isn't just for food - Fante's kitchen wares has just about every kitchen gadget imaginable, including a coffee and tea section, extensive baking supplies, and a serious selection of knives (they will even sharpen them while you wait for $2 a blade). Most people are friendly and nice, though it wouldn't be philly without a few curmudgeons; everyone's a distinct character, and I pretty much love them all. One of my favorite things to do is walk up and down the market, sensing out the best deals, the freshest produce, getting to know my neighbors, and enjoying the Philly-ist of Philly communities. There are a few tips I'd like to share with the uninitiated, and hopefully get more converts to this heart of Philadelphia experience.

Pro tips: 
* The majority of the Italian Market is closed on Mondays, and by far their busiest days are Saturday & Sunday (when the prices also seem to magically inflate). Fridays are a little bit crowded, but manageable. Pretty much any day  if you go closer to closing time, there might be a line at the butchers or cheese shops, but if you have time to wait, it's worth it. Some people say stuff is fresher on Tuesday and Wednesday, but I haven't really noticed a difference. 

* Pick your own produce, to be sure you get what you want, I've had several experiences where the good stuff is out front, and the bag you get home with is gnarly and questionable, so avoid the concern all together and do your own picking, that way you have no one to blame but yourself.

* Buying in bulk is the best deal (and for the price, some waste is to be expected) but if you don't want 10 lbs of potatoes for $5, you can easily ask for 2 lbs for $1, sometimes you just need a small piece of ginger for a quarter (or sometimes for free if you're getting other stuff & the vendor is feeling generous).

* During the week, the vendors start clearing out around 3ish (earlier if weather is bad) later if it's nice out - it's kind of up for grabs. Though the store fronts are generally open til 5-6

* There's plenty of parking in the area (including a municipal lot on 8th, before Washington) but if you decide to drive through, or on any of the streets surrounding, don't be surprised if you get stuck behind an unloading truck, or waiting for a crowd of pedestrians crossing the street, or inexplicable traffic, which will later turn out to be a forklift driving between the various warehouses in the district.

* The market is fairly walkable from most of the city, but if you tend to shop big - invest in a granny cart, and always be sure to bring your reusable tote, regardless :D

* If you don't know, ask, if someone makes you feel dumb, ask someone else (there are plenty of vendors competing for business, if you're not digging the vibe from one, move on, there are enough options for you to be choosy about where you take your business). A good attitude & sense of humor take you a long way in this area.

** Don't let it intimidate you - the Italian market is fun and delicious! **
I absolutely love 9th Street Market-  the mix of traditional Italian vendors and authentic Asian and Mexican restaurants and shops. On 9th Street south of Washington, you have a strip of Mexican restaurants and shops. Then on 9th north of Washington Ave, you have the produce vendors, meat and cheese stores and other restaurants. On and around Washington Ave, you find numerous Vietnamese restaurants.

I live a block away and frequent 9th Street north of Washington every Saturday. I save a ton on groceries by shopping at the Italian Market for all my produce and most of my meats. Here is a quick overview of the prices I paid on Saturday:

- $1 for pound of strawberries (sometimes the strawberries are organic, sometimes not)
- $1 for a bucket of broccoli- yes a bucket- probably about 3 lbs
- $1 for bag of 2lbs of limes
- $1 for 6 lemons
- $2 for 3 grapefruits but some weeks there as cheap as 6 for $2
- $1 for bag of white onions- about 8 small to medium size onions
- $3 for 2 lbs of grapes
- $1.50 for 2 bags of carrots
- $1 for container of organic spring salad mix
- $2 for 3 containers of small tomatoes
- $1 for large eggplant
- $1 for 3 red peppers
- $3 for lb of boneless chicken breast

I do a quick walk up 9th street and check out which vendors have the best price and freshest produce. I bring two strong bags and I walk back and hit up the places with the best prices/ freshest produce. I have no idea where the produce comes from and I am sure most is not organic- sometimes the packages of strawberries or salad mix will read organic but other produce is just out in the open and ready to be picked. 

I have heard from others that the produce goes bad too fast. I have been shopping here on a weekly basis for almost a year and don't find that to be true or any different from buying produce in grocery store. Sure- if you buy strawberries at the end of a hot day at 4 or 5pm and they are really ripe, they will only last a couple of days. But I have bought peppers, carrots, eggplant, lemons, etc that have lasted weeks. To keep my produce lasting a long time, I use Ziploc Brand Fresh Produce bags and toss a paper towel in the bag- I find this keeps produce lasting up to 4 times as long. And I change out the paper towel every couple of days.

Tortilleria San Roman is a little place on 9th street on the corner at around Montrose- if walking from Washington on 9th towards Christian, it will be on your right after Carpenter. I think they have the best salsa in Philly, especially the green salsa. They also have a machine spitting out fresh torillas with sample salsas. Every time I walk in, I get a tortilla handed to me. They only sell tortilla, chips and salsa and it's not an eat in place, but you have super nice Mexican people making fresh tortillas, chips and salsa right there. And they are delicious and pretty cheap. 

Keep on walking past Christian Street to Sarcones which has some of the best bread in Philly- but get there early because they often sell out by the afternoon.

And bring cash- produce is outside and this is a real market so you will need cash. Smaller dollar bills are also appreciated.
Listen up, Italians. 

I am Italian. I live in the neighborhood. I shop at the Italian Market every week. 

I know you are pretty upset that the Vietnamese moved in and then got more upset when the Mexicans moved in, but let's try to deal, okay?

I prefer to buy my produce from the Mexicans and Vietnamese. You know why? Because they are FRIENDLY--a concept that seems to be lost on many of you. 

Improve your attitudes and give us some service with a smile. It goes a long way. Plus, your produce isn't that awesome. It's good, but not awesome.

And if you don't like working with people, please do us all a favor and get a job that doesn't require you to interact with us. Maybe you can start selling stuff on Ebay from the comfort of your own home.
When you arrive on this tiny narrow street, you feel like you are transported back into town or some other country. It looks old with produce vendors lined up along the sidewalk. It's about 3 blocks long but has some great stores to get some of your fine grubs such as truffles, pates, best cheese and cold cuts... Even fresh tortillas and seafood.
Value 5/5
Atmosphere 3/5 a little dingy and smelly
Service 5/5 everyone is very friendly
Quality 4.5/
17.5/20
Why on earth would anyone buy fruits and veggies at the supermarket?!! my husband and I have been coming here  for years and the price comparison just blows your mind.  At the Italian market the strawberries are 2 for $1 or $1.50 each at the most.  Why would it be 3.99 or 4.99 at the supermarket? JUST SAYING!! Same for the black berries...2 for $1 not $4.99. They are out of their mind. 

When I think about it...almost everything is $1 or $2....you can really save your money for other things that matters!  I would rather go out to a nice restaurant than pay full price on produce!  Definitely give it a try and you would never go back!  PLUS..wouldn't you want to go where the locals go?!! 

I will truly miss the Italian market when we move this month!
Five stars because I live in and love the Italian Market.  Five stars because you won't find anything quite like it anywhere else.  Five stars because as it evolves it becomes more and more quirky.  Five stars because it's just so damn Philadelphia.

But that doesn't mean if have some suggestions to the people at the top. (Is there even a business association? If so, I'd like to join.)

Here are Carrie's suggestions:

1.  Shell-shocked touristas hit the markets in a state of panic and fear.   You can see them, they get to 9th and Christian and you can read it on their faces, "This is, what?  Where do I go?"  Provide maps - show 'em where the cheese shops are, show 'em where to find the best spices.  This could be done with a simple plaque on the sidewalk.

2.  Trash cans.  Really people - we need them.  Urge the city to get some of the Big Belly's down here!  That way merchants can't dump trash, and tourists are provided with places to put their trash.

3.  Urge the merchants to TIDY UP SHOP.  Seriously, the sidewalk could really use a power washing once in a blue moon.  Do not allow rotting fruit to sit on the sidewalk until it becomes urban-compost-mush.  Regulate trash pick-up.  Why is it illegal to leave trash out-of-bags every where else in the city but the markets?  Why are merchants like the chicken place on 9th and League not urged by fellow business people to keep the place looking nice?  That particular merchant always has boxes/forklifts/trucks blocking the adjacent roads.  (And have you smelled that place?  Revolting.  This does nothing for the image of the markets as a place where you actually *gasp* want to buy food for consumption.)  Oh - and the dripping fish buckets - should be done away with.

4.  Parking issues - what's up with all of the double parking?  The city has budget woes?  Send out the PPA!  They could easily bank $3K a day in giving out parking tickets to the folks who don't think they need to find a parking spot like every other citizen.

5.  Change the name of the merchant association from "The 9th Street BusinessMEN's Association" to the "Business Association."  Really guys?  It's not 1946 anymore.  Women *gasp* own businesses too.

Now with all of that said, you're probably wondering why I gave the markets five stars?  Because they're gritty.  They're everything Philly is.  Where else can you buy truffles and a pork sandwich on the same block?  Where else can you find Eminem t-shirts and toilet paper being sold side by side?  It's part of the draw of this place.  And it's a photographer's paradise.

For foodies - if you cook a lot - it's heaven on earth.  The spice shops, the cheese shops, Fantes, and yes the bulk-ripe produce make for a cooker's dream.  For those of us who live in the markets, we wouldn't live anywhere else.  (Although we would appreciate some general cleaning every now and again.  Remember - the Markets are a major tourist draw.  Let's start treating them that way.)

if you've never been, go with an open mind and enjoy!
I live nowhere near S 9th Street. The I-Market is a trek for me. But I go, almost regularly, in part because I have friends who DO live near S 9th Street, but mostly because I love that three block walk---I like to sample the cheeses at Di Bruno Bros (and not buy anything); I always dig a panino ("the original") at Anthony's (even though A's panini are by no stretch among the best); and I like to make myself feel like a gourmet, by bringing home some fresh pasta, mozzarella, olives, prosciutto, and maybe a loaf of bread. It's an experience, and while it may not have the convenience of your neighborhood gourmet supermarket, I appreciate a community---albeit a small one---where the little man can still thrive. (And, no, I don't consider DiBruno Bros the little man, but that's beside the point.)
This girl loves to cook, so I also took a tour through Philadelphia's Italian Market. You can tell you arrived when you see the storefront's selling (and smelling the) roasted meats, street side veggie stands, spice markets, knick knack stores and casual eateries.

Walking down the street, I thought to myself this is where I would shop. I am more of a gatherer than a "big box store" kinda girl, I like going to the butcher, the specialty market and the produce market to get my special items for my special recipes.

I bought spices, kitchen gadgets and stockings from the local dollar store. I stopped for coffee, a hoagie and was on my way. It was fun and a little something different off the touristy trail.
We were trying to figure out how to navigate ourselves on the 9th Street Italian Market. Thankfully we came across this visitor center! The lady at the center was very helpful, provided us with a map of the stores and restaurants on the 9th Street Market strip, and recommended some shops and restaurants for us.

I recommend going to Ralph's (oldest Italian restaurant)--established in 1900 and also Isgro Pastries (really great cannoli's and pastries)--celebrating its 100 year anniversary. I'll review each of these establishments in a separate review, but I really enjoyed both of them.

The visitor center in the Italian Market area is open Tuesday to Saturday: 8:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. Sundays: 8:00 a.m. - 1:00 p.m. Stop by and pick up a map so you can figure out where to go in this area!

FYI, if you continue to walk south on 9th street, you will eventually hit up Geno's and Pat's for Philly cheesesteaks, (but in my opinion, Jim's cheesesteaks is much better).
I just moved to Philly few days ago. I was looking to setup a routine of finding and buying cheap produce so I came to Yelp obviously. 
 I got three options: Reading terminal, Trader's Joe and Italian market. I went to all three and compared prices for a lot of the produce I'm interested in. The result is that Italian market is much much cheaper. Don't depend on finding everything cheap at one place though, you gotta walk and discover where is what and how much everything is.

For good cheap produce italian market is the way to go. Trader's Joe is for everything else(staples....)
the place to go for your marketing . they've got your fresh fruit and vegetables, fish, poultry etc . and this place is a philadelphia tradition thats still alive and well. Sunday is my day to go.
WHY on earth did I not hear about the italian market before? I used to spend so much money weekly on fruits and vegetables and at some point i just ended up reducing the amounts of fruits/veggies I eat just because of the cost.. Well this is about to CHANGE! The italian market offer QUANTITY and QUALITY for a ridiculously low price! I went there sunday around 3PM and they were starting to pack up but I got SO much stuff! with 8 dollar I got 12 boxes of small tomatoes, 5 pounds of brocoli, 4 pounds on potatoes, a bunch of garlic, 3 eggplants, 6 zucchinis  -- 8 DOLLARS, Are you kidding me?! and out of everything i bought, after cleaning everything up, I only threw less than a hanful of small tomatoes.  They also have fruits and i can't wait for the week end to go again! 

As a fruits/veggies lover, I am just SO excited ! (FYE it s cash only)
This place is an absolute dream. 

Coming from out of state, I was super excited to visit a less tourist-y part of Philly especially since we don't really have any authentic Italian marketplaces in South Florida. Naturally,  to  celebrate this excitement, I spent an absurd amount of money on cured meats and gourmet cheeses. 

 My friend recommended we check out Di Bruno's  for cheese. It was a very bustling little shop even at 11am on a Friday. We had a faint idea of what we wanted (some Parma) but we're open to some help. There was a lovely employee named Rico who took full advantage of our indecisiveness, and hooked us up with so many delicious samples. The first one he let us try was the Black Betty cheese which was some type of gouda make with goat's milk. It was probably the best cheese I've ever tasted, though I never would have thought to try it if it wasn't for Rico's help. The rest of the staff was friendly and efficient as well. The customers were equally as friendly and enthusiastic about cheese. Needless, to say it was a true Philly bonding experience. 

Other highlights of the market: Claudio's had a great selection of meats, cheeses, pastas, and  olive oil. We bought some delicious hot sopressata and prosciutto for a really decent price. Their olive bar is also very impressive. Again, the staff was super friendly and helpful, which is important because sometimes these types of shops can be intimidating if you don't know exactly what you want to buy. 

Sarcone's bakery has some of the best bread I've ever tasted. They also sold pizza that looked amazing, thick crust and lots of sauce, but I didn't get to try it. 

We also drank really good iced coffee with coffee cubes from Anthony's Italian Coffee House. Would have loved to try some of their chocolates. 

But most of all I loved the atmosphere of this marketplace. Every little shop I wandered into was unique, authentic, and warm, which is exactly how Italian markets should feel. I definitely want to come back here for a festival or just for some more delicious cheese.
It's fun to shop here. I get great deals on produce. It's not the farmers market, the food isn't local/organic, and it may not be the prettiest, but they always have what I need. It's usually way cheaper than the supermarket.

In these pandemic times, I like being able to shop outdoors. I go early before things get crowded. Make sure to bring cash, as many places are cash only. 

Officially the 9th Street Curbside Market, the vendors and shops are diverse--it's not just Italian. (Though you can certainly find quality Italian cheeses, meats, bakery goods, and more here.) There's the world-famous South Philly Barbacoa, fresh tortillas from Tortilleria San Roman, Thai food, and more. 

You can buy kitchen goods, Philly souvenirs, and even records along this strip. It's a fun place to wander in and out of shops.
this is an eye opening walk for anyone who hasn't been in Philly before. 

i had such a great time taking photos of everything- kitschy coffee shops, Italian meat markets, outdoor produce stands and random scenic photo ops. 

a truly beautiful and urban area.. this is quite the experience to have!  i recommend walking very slowly from the Bella Vista area up to South Street.
I love the Italian Market, it is so Philly. Do you love cheese, fresh butchered meats from almost any animal, fruits and vegetables, spices, fresh pasta, kitchen gadgets, ethnic ingredients,,,,,,I could go on all day. A walk down 9th street shows the melting pot our fine city is. I often think of lists of things just so we can spend a couple hours shopping. And don't forget the excellent little restaurants and bars to take a break from all that shopping.
The Italian Market isn't Reading Terminal or the Headhouse Square farmer's market. This is a place for you to get a taste of the real Philadelphia, and in my opinion a visitor who misses South Philly is missing a big part of the city. The Italian Market is a good reason to venture south. 

As others have pointed out, walking down to the Italian Market is the way to go. You will get a look at the front doorsteps of many a family, the restaurants of South Philly and the ambiance of the place. If you're walking from, say, the Rittenhouse Square area this is a 1-1.5 mile walk. 

Expect lots of cheap produce stalls lining the streets along with shops selling meats, cheeses, fish and more. Make sure to check out the Spice Corner, a really neat place selling spices and loose teas, and DiBruno Bros., an excellent gourmet cheese shop and Philadelphia institution. 

For fancy tourists, this is less the wine-bar-and-small-plate Philly and more the true Philly. Expect some bits of trash on the street and the faint smell of fish. That's the beauty of it! This is a real market with people doing their grocery shopping.
This is what I've been looking for. 

The moment I entered Philly's Italian Market, I turned to my bf and said "It reminds me of Italy!" I lived in Florence for over 4 months and have greatly missed some aspects of that culture, especially the old world vibe that persists throughout the cities, most noticeably in their markets. This place is similar but for obvious reasons quite different and unique, and that's what makes it fantastic!

The stores that line the streets and whose wares inevitably spill out onto the sidewalk as well offer a large variety of items, ranging from produce, fresh seafood and meats, cheeses and pastas, and home goods. It seems like some of the Italian places import certain items from Italy, which is awesome since now I can get a few of the things that I used to live off of in Florence right here in the US! Of course, its not just Italian businesses here anymore, but also Mexican and Asian. Some might complain that its losing its original identity, but all things must evolve in our global economy and the transformation that the Italian Market is undergoing can only mean good things for its future.

Even if you have no reason to come down here, the Italian Market is worth it even to just walk around and explore. This is one place that is truly, truly a major part of the heart of Philadelphia.
I love living so close to the Italian Market. I love this stretch o' 9th Street. I'm rollin through there all the time. For one thing it's part of my route when I'm journeying to see my brothers in the East Passyunk lands. 

Once I've high-tailed it past the ole onion alley that is the street between Pat's and Geno's, I'm almost there. In my mind I think that this market detour makes for a shorter walk but the truth is that I just like moseyin' through. I always have a mental "yay!" about it.. 

It's really one of the joys of my life right now that I can find any and every Italian cheese, meat, or pasta...or canned tomatoes, anchovies, olive oils...vinegars... everything I'm looking for. Bacalao! That too.Thank you... I gots bacalao fritters to make. 

I love Fante's kitchen-wares, Claudio's, DiBruno Brothers, Fiorella Brothers for sausage...Cannuli's House of Pork...Oh, butcher shops. I love having multiple good butchers in my backyard. That's another thing. 
 
Between Sarcone's and Paesano's I'll call the Italian Market my sandwich capital. And that's one more thing. 

Plus we can shop-drink, or "shop-bar-crawl," if you will. That's where you stop in for a drink  before, during, and after your grocery shopping. Everybody does this, right? Right? 

Let's say that we have a couple drinks on the way, via 12 Steps Down... Then we're off and excitedly hunting for all the cheeses and crazy shaped pastas my little heart desires... Then drink at Teri's...not too long if  I bought cheeses- I get a little nervous about spoilage of things. I have cut many a party short cause I'm just all, "Look, I getta get home and get this in the refrigerator."

Oh we don't do that all the time. Special occasions. Anyway, the real thing is that years before we were ever living in Philly, when I would visit the Italian Market, I'd have myself a little daydream where we'd live somewhere that had a great market like this nearby...and hey now we're here. Weirdooo! I just think of that sometimes when I'm walkin home with a buzz and an enormous can of good olive oil.
"Word to the wise: there's something like a law of diminishing returns with the produce. You have to find the sweet spot, which is roughly across the street from DiBruno's. Go north of that and you'll pay too much for the same fruits and veggies; go south and you'll pay the same for stuff that's about to rot." --- I'm in complete agreement with this statement made by Stephanie M., below.  It's funny how I noticed that just within a couple of months of living in the area and shopping there on a regular basis.

Always a bargain, but definitely take a stroll along the whole strip to check out the quality of fresh produce before you start loading up your canvas totes, y'all.

Also, quite an experience to receive the standard, "Hey, gorgeous!" from the aging Italian man at the produce stand near 9th and Carpenter.  I mean, I'm not exactly in my top form at 8AM on a Saturday morning, so it's a nice wake-me-up/ego boost/part sweet, part creepy kind of interaction.  Only here, I suppose.

Not everything I've bought at the market has been at the peek of freshness and quality, but if you know what looks, smells, and feels right, you can come out of there with your hands full for less than twenty dollars.  You'll add to that figure by shopping at the specialty shops, but with that comes the quality of items not found in your local Super Fresh.
When it comes to diversity this place is one of the epicenters of Philadelphia. You have so many interesting cultures living so close by. You obviously have the Italian covered. but you also have a good mix of Spanish restaurants and markets. And there is a Vietnamese market spot close by on Washington Ave. It also has good chill spots like Gleaners Cafe, Mew Gallery, and and Connie's Ric Rac (and Twelve Steps Down.). so you have some great chill spots as well.
And lets not get into the interesting items you can get there. You can get everything from authentic cheese, to  $10 bags of fish fillets, to bootleg copies of Harry Potter and a couple pairs of socks.talk about  something for everyone.
I am inclined to say "I love the Italian Market" but the truth is... this whole neighborhood is rather rundown and not so much "Italian" anymore! It's more of a bit of Italy meets Mexico meets China meets some sort of South Philly homeless crowd. 

There are some cute dive Mexican restaurants, and on the outskirts of the market, some great old Italian restaurants that have been in the families for over 100 years. Overall, I can't think of any really great places to eat within the market. (Definitely check out Ralph's outside the market, though!). 

The produce is cheap. I like to go here on Saturday mornings and stock up on things for the week - such as a bag of onions, lettuce, or oranges for $1, a box of blueberries for $1, or a whole watermelon for $3. The cheapest produce in town. But it's also sitting outside - so you run your chances (this isn't a well- air-conditioned supermarket by any means!). 

Given the recent renaissance around South Philly, Passyunk Ave, etc. I can't see the Italian Market staying like this forever. Give it five years, this will probably be quite a different market.
I live super close to the market and it is the best.  While many places close up by 4 during the week, there is usually at least one produce vendor there until 6 which is great for after work purchases.  

While summer time is the best ( you can get soooo many tomatoes for super cheap in July), stopping in during the holidays and on warm and cold January days is great.  

If you are a first time visitor, don't buy from the first vendor you see, but rather shop around a little.  You may or may not find a better deal, but you will definitely get the better experience.  

Cash is a must!
I live right in the market, much to the envy of friends and family. (OK, not all of them... but enough that I can feel smug about it on occasion.) On weeks when I'm more inclined to cook, I couldn't ask for a better location. Fresh is the key word here--produce, meat, pasta and the like are much better than what you get at the grocery store, and generally for a fraction of the price. And the cheese selection is unbeatable. I've been skipping DiBruno's lately in favor of Claudio because it's slightly less claustrophobic. I should skip them both, because living a block away from Brie that melts when you look at it is not good for one's waistline.

Word to the wise: there's something like a law of diminishing returns with the produce. You have to find the sweet spot, which is roughly across the street from DiBruno's. Go north of that and you'll pay too much for the same fruits and veggies; go south and you'll pay the same for stuff that's about to rot.

And I implore you--do NOT miss the Italian Market Festival, held the weekend before Memorial Day each year. There's food, beer, wine and merriment stretching from Catherine St. south to about Federal or Wharton. Come hungry!
I give this five stars based on it's "character". And when we use the word "character" here, that means when you see dirty homeless men in a subway station, that subway station has "character."

This is really just the 3 blocks above Washington on 9th and pretty much ends at Lorenzos. Most people come here for DiBruno's or Claudio's for fresh cheese and meats, but (just like Rome) there are also random stores/vendors that sell socks/hats/dishwasher detergent/plastic toys. These vendors are all over Italy and it's kinda just like what a $1 store.

This is a great place to get loose veggies and fruits. You just walk up and ask for a 1lb of mushrooms and they throw it on the scale in a Philly fashion, tie up a little plastic bag and ask for about $1. (At Whole Foods it would be about $5).

DON'T MISS: John. I believe he is homeless, but he was also a moment on the big screen in Rocky Balboa. He sells bags. Yes bags. For .50 cents off a shopping cart. He likes to double bag you're valuables because he cares.
I love the Italian market! Went last weekend (on that beautiful Saturday). 2 pounds of brussle sprouts for $1.50, 2 pounds of bananas for $1 and the most delicious apples I've had in a long time for mad cheap-o too. I don't know why I still go to supermarkets for produce. The fruits and veggies here are far less expensive and far more fresh - why go anywhere else?
I havent been here for since last year but I noticed the place has lost its appeal. Since last year, several establishments on the famous market area have been closed down, some of them closed due to some fines. The traditional market is starting to fade and more and more little knick-knack stores are replacing the mom and pop stands and the nostalgic market area that was memorable for scenes in the movie Rocky will no longer be recognizable.
Impression: This is probably one of my favorite places I've been in Philly in the last 2 years of my exploration. I am not sure why I did not discover it earlier! For someone like me who loves fresh produce, culture, and festivals, this is the right place to be if you like hustle, bustle, original and authentic cultural stuff. Ironically, the vendors who sell the produce are not Italian but the delis and restaurants are owned by families who have probably passed down their recipes and businesses for generations! Definitely get a Philly cheese steak or a Stromboli in Lorenzo's or any of the nearby Italian cafes. There's a deli that sells every kind of pasta there is. 9th Street works this way- one side is all the fresh produce and the other side is the delis, meats, and restaurants. 

Tip 
1. BRING CASH- very few of the places here- if any will accept card, so make sure you have cash. I felt it was a pretty safe place and wasn't worried about pick pockets since carrying cash can carry the risk of. 
2. If you know how to haggle and feel comfortable, you can! 

Produce:
 All stalls have good produce, but if you have 10 mins to spare, walk up and down 9th street and compare the produce prices and their quality before you jump onto the first good deal you see. One stall may sell a bunch of asparagus for 1$ but the color is a little off and tough. Another stall a few stalls down may have the same offer but the asparagus is fresher and thinner and more tender. Tomatoes are usually 1$ for a whole bucket and you can get potatoes, okra, collards, squash and carrots for less than 1$ for a large amount. If you're out to do a weekly shopping I recommend going before 2 pm since these markets start in the morning and many of the locals or regulars will have been through and haggled the best prices and best quality for themselves. The produce is NOT the best quality like Whole foods- so make sure you refrigerate everything and consume things as soon as possible. I got 2 whole spaghetti squashes for 1$ but one was moldy inside, so again, with cheapness comes a price. 

Delis: If you're looking for good Italian cheese, salamis, sausages, and authentic pastas and spreads, you can find it all in one place.
I love fresh produce from the local area.  Not everything you see in the Italian market is from local farms and businesses, but a major portion is.

This is without a doubt a much cheaper and sensible way to shop for groceries.  I live a block away and utilize this place as much as I can.  If I want to make steaks for dinner, I walk down buy my fresh meat and then pick up the sides as I peruse the market; potatoes, asparagus, cauliflower, broccoli rabe, you name it, it is most likely here.  

Today I purchased thyme, dill, cucumbers, portabella mushrooms, and carrots, all local, for less than $5!!!
I first came here back when I lived in Philly in the late 1960s. (Has it really been that long?). 

Little has changed in the market. Fresh fruit and vegetables at great prices.  The stores and restaurants along 9th Street have upgraded.  And like the Italian Market in San Diego, the ethnicity of the market is less Italian and more Asian and Latino. 

It's still fun and a great bargain. 

One side comment: the mural of Frank Rizzo. When I was a student, he was the Chief of a police force that was known for repressing demonstrations without qualms. He was so beloved by the law and order folks that they elected him Mayor. Worthy of a mural? Not in my book.
The produce stands are *NOT* the main reason to come to this critical locus of Philly blue-collar culture, although access to cheap produce is a good thing in general (even if it isn't organic or the selection particularly diverse or interesting) and it does feel good to patronize the hard-working families that run the stands.

The best aspects of the market are its general vibrancy and the many kick-ass shops.  Di Bruno's, Spice Corner, Fante's, Fiorella's, Sarcone's, Talluto's, George's Sandwich Shop, Villa Di Roma, RIM Cafe... the list goes on and each of these places alone is worth the trip to The Market under its own respective merits.  

The "Italian" in "Italian Market" is a bit of a misnomer in current days:  The northern side (above Washington) remains largely Italian in flavor, while the southern half is essentially Mexican.  But these are generalities, and the Market continues to be an ever-evolving microcosm of opportunity for the immigrants that still grace Philly with their cultural diversity and work ethic.

Low reviews of The Market should be ignored by anyone who has the capacity to "get"/appreciate Philadelphia, IMHO.
This is a fun way to spend an afternoon.  Come around mid-morning so you can have a meal and time to shop as well.  I came here during a weekday and the place was pretty empty.  Apparently, the time to go is on the weekend when it turns into a bigger experience.  That being said, I still had a lovely and lazy time.  

I spent a good couple of hours here on a sunny Tuesday and left with a bag of the sweetest oranges (8 for a dollar), 2 types of homemade salami, a delicious balsamic vinegar, a great loaf of bread, and some heavenly cannolis.  I even had a cheese steak sandwich for lunch at Pat's.

If you don't have a car, the key is to come with a backpack and stuff those goodies in there.  I was able to walk from Olde City and it only took about 20 minutes to get here.  There's also a bus that drops you off right around the corner.  

Everybody's really friendly here.  The food is great.  It's a fun little experience, and I highly recommend it.  There wasn't as much here as I expected, but the stuff they did have was enough to make it worth your while.  

Tips: There are some Mexican and Asian restaurants in that area if you're craving that.  There are also some great finds along the side streets (not on 9th) so keep your eyes open.  I think most of the produce on the street you can only buy in the deals that they sell them.  In other words, if it's 8 oranges for a dollar, you can't ask for 4 and pay .50 cents.  You have to get all 8.  And they pick it for you.  There's a Rite Aid nearby where I'm assuming you can get cash back if you need it, but a lot of the shops there take credit cards.  It's good to ask questions because most of the people there are looking to help.  

Enjoy!
Great place if you are looking for authentic pasta, fresh fruit, and original italian salami and cold cuts. Parking is a little thought to find, but just look around and you will find a spot ... be sure you look for parking sign and pay for your parking, if is required. There are also good coffee shops. Nice place! I will go back and spend more time when I am back in Philly.
This market has got everything Italian! And if you go further south, its got everything Mexican. Many of the locals and tour guides had mentioned to go to 9th street for the Italian Market. It is basically an outdoor market where many vendors sell fresh fruits and even live livestock (that store that sold the animals did not smell good). I felt bad for the little chickens. Along the strip are also restaurants and shops.

We were recommended some good restaurants. Unfortunately they all looked closed (not sure if it shut down or we were outside business hours).  There are also bakeries and delis on the strip (as well as off the strip but close to the strip).

Definitely a place not to be missed. We were able to walk here from the downtown area.
A fun way to spend a weekend if you are in the mood for some Italian goodies.  We walked here from the PATCO station - probably an easy 15 minute walk or so.

The street is lined with produce vendors, so bring your own bag and look carefully to make sure the produce is in good shape.

There is also a helpful spot where a visitor's center can help point out where to go if you are looking for a specific item.

Wander around - there are shops that specialize in raw meats (butchers), seafood, pasta, breads, kitchen goods, etc. There are also a number of different restaurants, coffee shops and donut places, so come hungry!
I get jealous anytime someone tells me that they live near the Italian Market. "You mean you can do some of your regular grocery shopping there???" will probably be my first response.

It's always a treat for me to go to the Italian Market. It's not like I live in Peoria or anything, but it's just a bit of a hike from Fairmount. 

Once I get there I'm amazed by all the cheap, fresh food. Pasta, meats, produce, spices, oils, baked goods. I can go on and on! There are also a decent number of bars and restaurants. Ralphs, Villa Di Roma, Lorenzo's, Paesano's, Di Bruno Bros...These are all establishments where their names alone say a lot. 

They have an annual Italian Markets festival in the springtime with a block party. It gets pretty crowded but is cool to check out. 

Parking is a pain in the butt. It's not too far from the broad street line and I'm sure many bus stations. On a nice day, it's walkable from many points in Philadelphia. 

The Italian Market is one of Philadelphia's not-so-hidden gems. I'm sure a lot of big cities have their own Italian Markets, I just happen to really love mine.
When I travel to a new city, I always end up finding something that I didn't expect. Usually it's a good thing, such as the Italian Street Market in Philadelphia. I was in the neighborhood for lunch and had no idea the street market existed until my Uber turned the corner and we were right in the middle of it. For about three blocks in the middle of Philly's Italian Neighborhood there stretched a permanent Italian Street Market. I asked my driver to stop the car and let me walk the rest of the way to my lunch destination in the rain just so I could see what this was all about. 

For me, this was a new experience. The sidewalk was semi-covered, and on my left were people siting with tables of produce and various goods for sale. 
On my right where the storefronts were, I saw open doors and counters full of meats and fish as far as the eye could see. A gap in the buildings sat an alley with people warming by a fire. Okay.. maybe those people were homeless, but they seemed nice and were in good spirits.

I was out in the upper 30's in the rain and the place was fairly well packed, so I can only imagine how busy the place is during nicer weather. This is a great place to people watch, and definitely one of the highlights of my trip.
I used to think that Ivoine Brothers in Reading Terminal had the best/cheapest produce in the city.  Then (thank you yelpers) I found the italian market!  This is only about a 10 minute walk from my apartment and for the past couple of months I've been there twice a week to pick up produce.  

There's such a cast of characters here and some old school philly charm.  Aside from the produce stands I love the Mexican spot (flour tortillas homemade!), DiBrunos, the spice shop, and the italian coffee shop at the end.  

Sometimes theres CRAZY good deals.  Once I got 5 avocados for $1!!!  Other days I must say it's hit or miss.  Try to get there during the week for less crowds/better prices.
The Italian Market...quintessential Philly goodness.  In the warmer months there are cheap produce stands lining the street outside outstanding butchers, fish mongers and cheese shops.  

You'll pay a fraction of the price for everything compared to supermarkets (yeah, you might have to sort through the fruit and veggies for the better looking items).  It might be a bit intimidating the first couple times you pick out fish from barrels or walk into a REAL butcher shop with meat hanging and guys with bloody aprons behind the counter and sawdust on the floor but don't get scared!  Also stop by Fantes for espresso and kitchen gewgaws and I think Di Bruno Brothers for oils and cheeses and olives and giant man sized sausages hanging from the ceiling.
Cheapest produce you'll ever find. Just picked up a 2# of strawberries for $3 and 3# of grapes for $2.90. Definitely inspect the produce thoroughly before purchasing, first time I went one of the vendors had countless pints of furry blueberries out for sale. And wash your produce EXTRA thoroughly when you get home, watched a vendor drop a bunch of grapes on the ground and toss them right back on top of the pile for sale. But really, for the prices and the outdoor market vibe is your own diligence with picking the right produce and washing it at home a big deal? I think not.
Remember when Rocky was training? Those shots of him running through the market, hard not to visualize it when you are there. The area has a unique amount of sounds and smells, the fish markets in particular. Worth walking down the area, pretty much closed and wrapped up by 5 p.m.
Great restaurants.

Great specialty food stores.

Great specialty stores.

But I could not believe how dirty the streets and surroundings
are! If this is a famous Philadelphia Tourist Destination why
doesn't the City of Philadelphia clean up the place! It does
not add in any way to the "charm". Dirty dirty dirty.
I miss living near the Italian market where there are blocks and blocks of inexpensive and locally grown/raised food.  Sure, sometimes there are some overripe fruits and veggies, but you have to shop around to find the best in each stand.  Besides, there is much more here than just produce.  Meat markets selling almost every type of meat from the typical (chicken, pork, beef) to the not-so-typical (pheasant, squab, venison).  The fish markets are amazing and have such a great selection and affordable prices.  The little market on 9th and carpenter sells all the cleaning products you could ever need.  And the little cheese and spice shops are amazing as well.  Pretty much anything you need to make a solid meal are all right there.  Italian Market is one of my favorite things about living in Philly.
THAT SAUSAGE IS  DA  BOMB!!!!  And I mean - DA B-O-M-B!!!

Get your personal order into Cappucio's Meats, sports fans.  You will NOT be disappointed!
You can't visit Philly without taking a stroll down 9th street. If you've been to the Strip District in Pittsburgh, this neighborhood has the same grit, smells and passion for food.

Too bad we didn't visit earlier in the day when the food stalls were hopping but we got the idea even at 5pm on a Saturday night. DiBruno's was the highlight of our time on the street- stop in for a cheese tutorial and sample- you won't regret it! These guys know their stuff.
After one too many cups of joe at Morning Glory's, a fellow local and I found ourselves in Fante's in search of a toilet room.  While buying some oh-so-crucial almond paste (and passing on a $22 biscotti pan), the friendly cashier recommended we use the restroom in the visitor's center.

I spend an unhealthy amount of time in the Italian Market - what visitor's center?  We have a visitor center?  Many assurances later we headed out the door to walk the walk we traversed no less than three times earlier that day.  Lo and behold somewhere near Frank Rizzo's face (opposite side of the street) was the Visitor Center. 

Well stocked with familiar items from Claudio's, DiBruno Brothers, and Fantes the shop boasts lots of Italian flare and a tidy little restroom.  It's a great place for tourists and locals alike.
The market is one of my favorite places in the city, and one of the top reasons I love living in South Philly. 

 No matter what my intentions; I always buy more than I can comfortably lug home. I easily load my bags with enough fresh, cheap produce to keep me stuffed for a week, and I don't have to ever step inside (or spend more than $15)!

For those who believe in food groups beyond fruits and vegetables, I've noticed some mouth-watering scents drifting out of the storefronts. You should stop in and let me know what they're all about.
I love markets in general and was excited to check out the Italian Market only be to super let down.

I guess if you're living in Philadelphia, a visit is obligatory. However, to anyone just visiting the city with limited time, I'd pass on visiting the Italian Market.

It's a mix of mostly mediocre food shops, some very crappy food shops, and lots of dollar-store type discount establishments. Everything is kind of run down in a way that's more dirty and unsanitary than it is quaint.

Sure, there are some decent produce markets with affordable prices, as well as some good shops like Fante's Kitchen Wares Shop and Molly's Books and Records.

But, overall, the Italian Market is kind of a disappointment to anyone who has experienced some of the more interesting markets around the world.
I used to go here almost every saturday morning but had to cut back...It's super cheap for tons of veggies/fruits (bring a tote, you'll need it!) but what is enough for a week or two for 2 people really only lasts a few days to at most a week.  Everything goes bad really fast so unless you're ready to eat it all quickly, then you gotta buy in smaller portions...hard to do though...

So it would have been 4 stars but the spoilage factor knocked off a star...
Location: Easy parking and streets...fuhgeddaboudit! Congested, loud and dense. Park far away and walk over. 

Street Vendors and Food: The "local" produce is not local. Many farmer's markets and fresh markets resell produce. Ex. "Local" Kiwi, Bananas and out of season fruits. The Italian storefronts are a must-do, and the butchers are not to be reckoned with. For the street vendors though, many goods could be better priced with higher quality at a flea market. Many cheap made-in-China trinkets and home goods available. I come from Pittsburgh where we have the Strip District which touts local and family-owned storefronts. This may be why I'm not floored here.

Diversity: I don't know why this is taunted as an Italian Market as the diversity includes Mexican, Middle-Eastern, American and French options. They have a few bakeries, cheese stores, coffee shops and meat markets that are Italian but don't expect hung prosciutto outside with cheesecake and cappuccino being consumed in outdoor seating. Ex: This area includes a Spanish Grocery store and Los Amigos Meat Market with garbage trucks spewing smells and exhaust as people throw in old boxes (no recycling?). The best food we found to eat was Blue Corn (Mexican) and it was excellent.

Overall: I think for produce you may be happier with the price and quality of produce by going to an Aldi. Also, you don't have the added taste of diesel delivery truck exhaust blowing into the "local" goods. I like the history of this area and protecting it's originality, but it does not compare to what we have in Pittsburgh (no brotherly love for your market). I would come through here to get cheese and fresh butcher cuts. Outside of this, it wasn't my shot of espresso. 

Tips: Bring cash, a recycled bag for your items and forbearance as you may need them all.
Foodie galore in the City of Brotherly Love!

An outdoor market on 9th Street that complete me... Italian sausage, Italian staples as freshly handmade pasta, and all genres of sweets imaginable.  Eat, walk a little, walk some more on Philadelphia's historic 9th Street!
How does one choose which market to shop at? Redding or Italian market... I guess I will go to Italian Market on warm days and Redding on snowy days.

The aroma is what gets me. Every few step the aroma changes depending on which store you are passing. Spice shop, coffee shop, butcher shop, fish market, cheese shop... you get the picture. It just draws you into the stores naturally. 

And a few blocks away on Washington are the Vietnamese grocery stores. Where you can get live seafood and asian vegie. 

This is as good as it gets!
We have officially found our favorite place. Sometimes a little smelly, but other than that......the freshest cheese (perfect for the cheese connoisseur ), excellent cuts of meats, fresh poultry, (mostly) fresh veggies and herbs......amazing pasta all over the place.....and right down the road you have all these restaurants and little nooks! If you plan to spend some $ and actually shop, i would suggest bringing one of those hot/cold bags seeing as it gets pretty hot.
If you enjoy Grand Central Market in Manhattan, and you want to visit Philadelphia, 9th Street Italian Market will test your knowledge of variety of foods. You can shop for bakery, coffee, cheese, fish, and seafood, meat, pasta, produce, and spices. 9th Street is an outdoor market, not in a building. Bring a big bag and prepare to look for street parking. It gets crowded. Most stores are only open until early afternoon like 1 PM. You have better store selection and haggling success if you come in in the morning. Early riser catches the worms.
This place is amazing and such a fun place to walk around. However, I just need to say that the woman working at the visitor center was so incredibly rude I was horrified. I had my nephews with me who needed to use the bathroom. She refused to talk to us, even when we said thank you to her she would not respond. I'm not sure I've ever experienced such a rude person before.
To me, the Italian Market is everything Philadelphia stands for.  My favorite part of all? Having my Grandmom walk it with me, teaching me how to pick the best fruit, chicken, meat, herbs, etc. and telling me all about how the Market used to be back in her days.  

The other best part? The prices.  Today I got (try to keep up) 2 big packs of blueberries, a box of strawberries, 2 mangoes, 4 lemons, 1 lb of asparagus and 1 lb. of kale.......for $11 DOLLARS.  To anyone who loves to eat, the market is heaven.

It's just one of those things that makes me really glad to be from South Philly.
Love, love, love! I can't get enough of this place.  I wish I lived closer so that I could visit on a weekly basis.  

Where else can you get 10lbs of meat for $16 or 6 garlic bulbs for $1?? 

Beyond the great cuts of meat and fresh veggies; the cheese, olives, pasta and paninis bring me back to my childhood. My boyfriend and I love to spend our Sunday afternoon walking up and down 9th St.  

Oh and don't forget the tea shop and the spice corner...amazing!
If you haven't been down to the Italian Market yet, leave your strollers at home and venture in on a Saturday or Sunday when it's at its finest. Plenty of people watching, produce to buy, food & drink to be consumed, and meats and cheeses galore. 

There are several produce stands so do your due diligence and shop around. Don't get swindled!

Definitely try Cladio's (for their cheese), DiBruno Brothers (for their fine Italian pork items, cheese, and olives), and Cannuli's (the white meat side, for your ground turkey and chicken). 

Anthony's Cafe for a cup of coffee and biscotti. 

And make sure to walk all the way down 9th street for a taste of Little Mexico. Lots of great taquerias and cheap stores along the way.
Writing a review to boost local awareness of a great, year-round opportunity to purchase your produce outdoors -- and during the holiday season, DiBrunos even has an extra pop-up so it's also easier to get cheese etc. on your Italian Market run. Bring cash (although many vendors take cards now) to make your life easier, wear a mask, and use hand sanitizer + wash your hands when you get home, *then* unpack the giant pile of vegetables you got for less than $20.
Love this place! I was always unsure about where to walk for the good experience. My favorite spot is exactly at Washington and 9th street. Starting at the "Giordano" sign. If you come here once a week, you can cook with fresh ingredients always. For good prices!!! Parking takes a good 10 min to search for but if you arrive early, it's not bad! AutoZone parking lot works sometimes lol.
I grew up coming with my grand mom buying stuff for dinner. The Italian market is like home to me. All the great places to eat and drink. I truly feel bad for people that don't get to experience this South Philly landmark. To anyone who visit Philly needs to come here. You have to stop at DiBruno's, Claudios, the Spice Market, Lorenzo's and so many more.
The stench of Italian Market is not something you really want to endure on a hot July day when you have imbibed a little too much the night before.  Outdoor fish storage and rotting produce contribute to the olfactory presence of this Philadelphia outdoor market.  

On the plus side, if you get to know the vendors they will hook you up with the fresher fruit and veg.  Also, you have to insist that you don't want things in large quantities.  Trust me on this.  Unless you plan to eat everything that night, don't do it.  There are some great butchers and the original DiBruno's cheese emporium is on the street as well.  If it's seafood you are after, go to one of the indoor fish markets like Anastasi.  Skip the haddock with the fly droppings.
Wow. How did I deprive myself of this place for the last 6 years I've lived here? 
Yes. I've lived in PHiladelphia for starting 7 years now.. and WHAT? How have I never been here.
It's like the other Yelpers say, a great mesh of culture. I love this place. First of all, you can get GREAT produce for great prices. 5 lbs of potatoes for $2. I had to ask the lady for $1 worth, because what are my bf and I going to do between the two of us with 5 lbs of potatoes?! $1 for 2 eggplants, $2 pineapples, $1 for 3 punches of broccoli and $2 for 3 bunches of asparagus. I'm in produce heaven!
We were in a bit of a rush today so I didn't get to spend as much time as I wanted. But I also went to that Italian pasta store, and bought gnocchi (MY FAVORITE) .. gonna try it out tomorrow!
I'll be back for way more. That tortilleria place, more produce, seafood and maybe buy a few strawberry or herb potted plants :) 
It's fabulous. South Philly is really a mesh of culture. Mexican food, Vietnamese food, and Italian. The best. I love this place. I'm in food heaven!!
Everything you could possibly want to eat and more. 

This is hands down the best place in Philadelphia to go shopping. Fresh produce for bottom dollar prices. Meats galore that are butchered specifically to your liking. Cheese that stink o so good. And a culture that is just perfect. Whether your a tourist or a local this is a must see spot in Philadelphia.
Who doesn't love this place!

I've got some super-hot sausage on order from Cappucio's.  The guy who took my order was great.  He said he has friends who like hot stuff that ask him to make up a batch from time to time.  He said he would double the amount of hots in the mixture and they would like that for a while - but then they want it hotter.  So I said let's just go straight to that level then!

$5.99 a pound and you had to order ten pounds minimum along with leaving a $25 deposit.  He'll mix it up for the day before pick up.

I can't get up there to pick it up so it's local family to the rescue.  I'll update this when it finally gets down to VA.  Can't wait!
Great places mixed with touristy places, mixed with crappy places, mixed with.......OUTSTANDING places! So, all in all, worth the trip. There are 3 meat places of note, an awesome cheese place, and a 109 year old Italian bakery. Lots of places to get fruits and veggies, fish, coffee, Mexican food,etc. The bakery rivals termini's. It is Isgro's. The cheese place is cladio's. They hacked off a fresh slab of locatelli cheese off a brick the size of a mini fridge! The meat place is cannuli's. Just amazing selection of fine meats. The people are all friendly and ready serve. Worth the trip, for sure.
LOVE this market.   Good produce for cheap, meats, cheese, great Italian shops, and my favorite spice market.  Prefer it over Little Italy in NYC.   All around great.
I must give this word of warning to tourists: The 9th Street Market (a/k/a the Italian Market) is a little out of the way from the tourist area.  

You would be wise to read the less positive reviews of the Market here because they're honest.  While I haven't had a rough experience with any vendor, I have seen with my own eyes natives and tourists alike get zapped by ignorant people who just do not know people skills.  Many times you're left to wonder how they've managed to stay in business for so long.

The produce is cheap because a lot of it is rotten.  Unlike Reading Terminal (where you can pick your own produce), the vendor picks it for you - and they are notorious for passing on more than a few pieces of rotting fruits or vegetables.  (And, sorry to report, the Mexicans don't let you touch the produce, either, but they will let you point it out.)

The Market does not have an official tour guide, nor is anyone interested in celebrating its history (beyond "We've been here for a hundred years").  The only thing official about this is the Businessmen's Association (which, as another reviewer pointed out, is extremely sexist in its name).

And the Italian-owned stores are in flagship locations, but the majority of this market is Mexican and Vietnamese.  (There's an entire Vietnamese mall on Washington Avenue, half a block from the start of the Market, for goodness sakes!)  That's the reality.  

And for a little positiveness, I like Fante's (for cookware and kitchen gadgets) and enjoy Isgro's pastries.  I also go a little further down on South 8th Street for Termini pastries whenever the mood strikes.  

But, bottom line, this will never be Reading Terminal!
You cannot be allowed to leave Philadelphia until you've gone here.  It's an experience in itself.  Stop at every vendor to get a prosciutto-stuffed pepper, or olives, or your choice of charcuterie.
love this but a dying trade.  still a few good spots for produce, sausages and spices.
Recognizing that I'm toying with a Philadelphia institution, I'll choose words carefully. The Italian Market would be simply amazing if I lived anywhere near South 9th Street. Because I don't, comparing the effort against the dividends, I don't see much worth.

It is an experience, and it certainly does have, as Caitlin aptly puts "character." I'm just not sold entirely yet. It's push and shove, hard to get parked, and not even the kind of wholesale marketing that I've come to appreciate growing up around Pittsburgh's Strip District.
Shrimp and blue crab chowder was served hot. Slightly spicy. Grilled octopus salad was delicious. Nice char. 

Bread is warm. Butter is cold. $5 House wine. Love it. 

2 orders of seared scallops over spinach. Served hot. Wonderfully flavored brown butter. Nice sear. Spinach in the butter is heavenly. 

Visiting philly for 2nd time and wanted something not touristy and off the beaten path. This was it!
First off, anyone who complains that the Italian Market is no longer run by Italian people needs to get over themselves. One of my favorite things about this market is that it often offers a wider and more diverse assortment of fruits and veggies than any plain old market because of different cultural and ethnic backgrounds represented in the neighborhood. Second, if you take your time you can often find great deals on things that are still pretty fresh. I admit, it did take me some time to learn how to go to this market and leave with items that last more than a few days -- but when you go often enough, you learn more about the vendors. Last week I bought $50 worth of produce for $12! I know this because I checked the prices against Fresh Grocer's weekly flier. If you shop there at least once a week you can save enormously - just make sure you actually eat what you buy. I hear from vendors that some people come several times a week to get deals as it approaches 2 pm. I only go on Saturdays, but that's more than enough as long as I bring my backpack and cart to truck all my food back home by bus. One more thing: freeze what you can't eat! I have been stocking up on strawberries at $1 per lb for weeks now.

P.S. I usually post a photo and label how much I spend every Saturday on my Pinterest board: http://pinterest.com/ubchick/food-adventures/
Oh man, if I lived in Philly, I could eat well on my measely salary with the help of the Italian Market. Ken and Kay live by this place. No trip to Philly is ever complete without them taking me for a walk down the sidewalks lined with great produce at unbelievably low prices. Okay, so what if the four boxes for $1 tomatoes are starting to get moldy. That's the deal with this place. They're deals for a reason.

Besides, where else can you find a guy selling bags of day-old bread and porn in the same stall?
It is a bit of a walk from downtown, but really not that far. Depends on your walking ability, and weather outside if you should walk or take a cab. 
 
    The Italian blood is greatly thinned in 2014, but its still worth a visit if you have the time and wish to stroll a few blocks. You can still se vendors, and find stores worth visiting and food worth eating!   Try not to go late in the day as activity dies down or ceases. 

     I enjoyed the wall art most of all!  See photos.
Oh you! Making me skip alone through the empty sidewalks (in the winter) with $10 dollars in my hand, and sexy meals on my mind.

I've been to the Italian Market plenty of times, but since moving a block away from it, I have been there twice. I know! What's wrong with me??  But I am changing that right now. 
This morning I jumped up out of bed and yelled "peppers!" (to myself) and within 10 minutes and $1, I had three red peppers. That's how it works here. 
I can mostly only speak for the produce part of the Italian Market. I've been inside the cheese shops (I don't need the meat shops) and I don't always have the money for such special cheese (although when I get rich, I have plans for that cheese). Like other reviewers have stated, the produce isn't in tip-top shape. But the prices are! So if you are going to be using said produce within a day or two, it's super duper awesome.
Today I got -bunch of green onions, cilantro, box of clementines, red peppers, portabello mushrooms, and cherry tomatoes all for $10. Good times!

I would also like to note that I passed a store with a large number of baby shrek dolls, so if anyone needs one of those....Italian Market is where it's at.
Talluto's, Caludio's , DiBruno's, Spice Corner, Superior Ravioil...

The stuff of culinary dreams.
I am loving the Italian Market soooooo much.
What a treasure to Philadelphia.

Fresh fruit & veggies - and all the great Italian meats, cheeses and olives - plus fresh pasta and ravioli from 2 great sources.

I'm in love.
As I remember it, cheap plums ripe on the verge of spoiling.  But if you know what you want and what to expect, it could work for you.
the italian market isn't like it used to be. for starters there is just far too much trash alongside the street, everything from vegetable and fruit waste to meat and box cartons. although there are some stores that are worth going into. many of which are largely still italian oriented.
during the festival that it has every year it can become immensely populated.  this place is good once in a while but its not one of my frequent stops.
I make my regular stop at the Italian Market on my walk home from acupuncture in South Philly on Saturdays. I LOVE how inexpensive the produce is. While organics are important to me for most items, there are times in my life when spending less is more important. Now is one of those times.

This Saturday, I spent $6.50. For that $6.50, I got a carton of crimini mushrooms, a bunch of bananas, a bunch of beets, & 3 apples. SO rad.

What I don't like is seeing live chickens in cages, it makes me cry, but those are not the businesses I deal with, so....

Also, great for tourists. Bring people who come to visit you, they'll love it. It may not be run by Italians anymore (in fact, it felt a lot like Miami this weekend what with the sweltering heat & humidity enhancing all the espaol being spoken), but it's still fun!
Always a great time here. Always leaving super stuffed and very happy! Great variety of things to eat and things to drink!
Oh the memories of walking from chestnut and 42 all the way down to buy fresh fruits and veggies very sat am at 8. The groceries are cheap and fresh And a whole lot of varieties. When I go back to Philly and visit and it's early enough I would always get some fresh veggies and food here.
A wonderful example of diversity in the United States and Philadelphia!

https://www.change.org/p/the-people-impeach-donald-j-trump
Mondays are quiet b/c most of the vendors are not around, so you'll avoid large crowds but you won't have as much selection as you would on other days.

On the other days, you can get a lot of produce for cheaper prices than the regular grocery stores.  However, like others are saying, some of the produce is so ripe, it's not going to last longer than the day of purchase.

A few things they need to make it better: homemade soap, apple cider, honey, fresh squeezed orange juice, etc. at cheap prices; you can get all that at a farmer's market but it's pricey.  And, some public restrooms and water fountains.
Nothing like this anywhere I've ever shopped.  You won't get cat-called by the vendors in any Bay Area Farmer's Market, I guarantee.  (Check out the Cheese Shop and Spice store on this Row. . . amazing)
I am a fan or maybe a fanatic about Philly's 9th Street Italian Market!  What an interesting place.  I could literally spend the entire day roaming around shopping, eating and drinking.  First of all it is loud, crowded and parking is impossible.  That said pack your patience because it is well worth the experience.  The amount of meat, cheese, vegetables and fruits is almost overwhelming - but in a great way!  Come early for a coffee and breakfast outside and watch this bustling place come to life.  Sample cheeses and meats in shop after shop.  There are vendors with just about every item you could imagine.  I love it!  It's a gritty and authentic place and oh so much fun.
It's as cheap as it gets, the vendors are quick, which let's me get in and out quickly. It's one of the main reasons' I continue to live in the area. It's not the biggest market I've ever been to but it get's the job done.

Why four stars and not five? Three problems.

1.) They need to go back to cleaning it regularly. Sometimes I'll be walking by at midnight and it just smells like fish and rotted meat. Cmon guys, this is a neighborhood, some of us have to live here.

2.) They open too late. When I walk to work at 7:30am it's empty. I live a block away, and it's impossible for me to buy anything from the market on a weekday...
I lived in other countries and the markets all open up at the crack of dawn. Stop being lazy. You'll make more money from the locals if you're open for business before we all go to work.

3.) The tourists. I hate to be that guy, but man, there are a lot of people that just walk around really slowly with strollers and no intention of buying anything. The sidewalks are small enough as it is, and then you have these people walking around saying, "oh look at that cute little store. take my picture in front of the fruits." It's like they forget that it's a functioning market and a lot of people there just want to get some produce and leave.
Fabulous historic Italian market and area. Specialty foods, fresh produce at rock bottom prices, restaurants, fresh fish, butcher shops. You can find everything here and eat well in the process. Definitely deserves at least a half day of your time - though you could make a few days out of it like we did!  Also very good Mexican food. 

The staff at the visitors center in the market were very helpful!
This was the one place I totally wanted to do while in Philly.
This is an Italian dream come true.  The whole 9th block is street to  street veggies, homemade sausages, prosciutto, cheeses pastas etc.
Any sample you want just ask.
There are little coffee shops, cafe and chocolate shops in case you want a pick me up or a bite to eat.
We brought some great Gouda and Parmesan Reggiano home!!
Cant wait to enjoy them
My boyfriend and I strolled the Italian Market this weekend and had so much fun looking into the different shops and finding some authentic imported goodies. All day I had been craving a cannoli and was sad that there weren't more bakeries. By the time we found a bakery that sold them it was 4pm (when everything shuts down on Saturday). If you decided to visit the market I highly recommend checking the hours Saturday 8-4pm and Sunday 8-1pm as you'll want to experience the market in full bloom. Also think it would be helpful for next time to read up on some places that people recommend visiting as choices can be overwhelming! 

All in all, a fun, yummy way to spend a weekend day!
The Italian Market is a fun place to shop for all kinds of food!  There's fresh seafood and meats from real butchers.  You can find a wide variety of produce and it's cheap.  Anthony's Chocolate shop has delicious chocolate covered everything!  The cafe is good too.  Lorenzo's Pizza is good.  Definitely pick up bread to take home at Sarcone's or DiBruno's.  there are also plenty of restaurants for lunch or dinner.  It's one of the best places Philly!
Loves: DiBruno, Tallutos, Fantes, Claudios, San Roman (fresh corn tortillas that are to DIE for!!), Giordano's.

I do have a gripe. I moved just a few blocks away 3 months ago and discovered that If you work  business hours downtown, about the only time you can really shop is Saturday (mornings being the best time). Its not unusual for me to decide at 3pm on a Tuesday afternoon that I am really in the mood for something for dinner and want to pick it up on the way home. I really want to give more of my business to the Italian Market, but its just not convenient. The times I did get down there after work, the Mexican vendors got my money because they are the only ones open. So for everyone that complains how its not a "Italian Market" anymore or how Mexican shops are taking over, I invite you to take a walk down 9th St at 6pm on a weekday and see who is open and who isn't. Most places close 5-6pm outside of Anastasi Seafood and the Mexican vendors. Sundays are hit or miss, some places aren't open.
This is a great 1 stop shop place to get all of your vegetables, meats, cheese or just want to hang out there for the day. There tons of butcher that can help you select you meats and vegetable stand to buy for the week. Yes alot of vegetable are alittle ripe so just buy it for your dinner that night. I really enjoy walking thur the market and looking at everywhere. I just wish i had a kitchen so i can go make something. Alot of things are very affordable. The Italian has more then just italian market inside, there are alot of asian/mexican people who has called it their home also. I wish i had more time so i can spend the whole day there. A true treasure for any neighborhood in the US!
