The return visit was even better than the first.

The Pho Tam Nam Gan, was absolutely crammed with thin sliced Roundeye Steak, Well Done Brisket and Soft Tendon, in addition to the nest of thin noodles, slivers of Onion and Scallion, plus the optional Sprouts, Thai Basil, Jalapeno and Fresh Squeezed Lime.  It was impossible to push down the flat bottom spoon to slurp the beef broth without causing spillage over the rim of the bowl.  

Hot. Steamy. Meaty. Delicious. 

(And not a hint of MSG.)
I lost my Pho virginity here, by myself. and its the best thing that has ever happened to me. 

Walking back from East Passyunk, I decided to find out whats all this Pho shenanigan was about, I walked in by myself to be quickly greeted by one of the many friendly servers. The menu seemed broad and giving Zareen S. many a options are never a good idea. I decided to go with the No.1 which had everything in it. The "small" bowl of Pho came out in less than 5 minutes. The word small is a joke because by the time I had planted a food child in my belly, I couldn't even put a dent on it. Heaps of meat and tripe [i love tripe], bottomless sea of noodle, sprouts and basil is just 7 bucks?! Madness, that I fell in love with and deeply adore. I found putting a bit of fish sauce enhances the flavor of the broth my miles. And all this comes with a pot of Green Tea? I repeat, madness.
I can't believe it's taken me this long to write a review of Pho 75. 
The reason I haven't is because I can't say anything  different than anyone else has said in a very positive way. It's family run. The service is great and attentive. The food is great. There is ample comfortable seating in an albeit plain  interior. 
The Tea is free!!!   
There is one large overhead TV and this time when I visited Eagles banners were hanging from the ceiling.
It's cash only and I don't blame them because they're able to deliver a good product very inexpensively. If they took credit cards that wouldn't be the case.
Plenty of free parking.
This Pho blew my mind! The Pho here was so hearty savory and flavorful, it exceeded all my expectations. I had forgotten that common phrase muttered among people who love Vietnamese food: Philadelphia had much better Vietnamese food than New York. So I didn't have any expectations walking in. 

We went with friends to Philly for a day trip. Our friends planned a meal here. We arrived cold and wet from the intermittent rain. The restaurant is bare bones: formica tables and vinyl chairs but very clean. I ordered a regular Pho with round eye steak, brisket and beef tendon. For 50 cents more, you can get a large. 
Pro tip: You should Definitely get the large! I thought I couldn't eat a large bowl but regretted it after I finished my bowl.

This was the best Pho that I've ever had in my life. Granted, I've only had Pho in Vermont and New York, so my Pho experience is paltry. But Pho 75 has a clear hearty broth that is rich, bone-warming and sinus-clearing. It was so balanced and savory, very beefy but had a hint of tanginess (from the fish sauce). It was so complex and beautiful. The pho didn't need any hot sauce. 

The slices of beef were hearty and the tendon was ok but the soup was amazing. The noodles were springy and soaked up the delicious hot broth. The fresh bean sprouts, mint, and basil with a spritz of lime were great addition to this amazing meal. I drank most of my soup and tried to drink K's soup too. 

I really enjoyed this Pho-ntanstic experience. My only regret is not ordering a large. If only I could find such amazing pho in New York...
By this point, I've had my fair share of Pho in Philly. Pho75 on Washington Ave was next on my list to try. The portions were fair, but I was surprised to see none of the ingredients mixed together in the bowl. While there was plenty of meat, probably a great deal more than other places I've visited, it was just set on top of the broth and noddles. Solid Pho in all, however, not quite enough to knock it up to five star territory. 

Remember, its cash only and a regular pho will do you just fine.
Pho 75 on the 11th block of Washington Avenue in South Philly has about the best pho broth I have tasted around here.  It is rich and complex with subtle anise undertones that seem to shift in intensity from top to bottom of the bowl.  It is really quite amazing.

I ordered the Rib Eye Steak in a regular (small) bowl and had it steaming my glasses in under 5 minutes.  The side accoutrement of Thai Basil, Jalapeno slices, Lime wedge, and Spouts were all fresh and plentiful.  After using all I wanted, there was plenty remaining on the plate.  I pushed them aside to make room for the Sriracha and Hoisin Sauces into which l dip the beef for eating.  

Maybe I am just a barbarian, but with broth this good it does not make a difference to me what meat goes into the bath, aside from its contribution to the flavor of the soup.  The wonder of the pho is all about the taste of the broth.  The most important thing is to be sure to finish every last drop in your bowl to reach and savor all of it.  Don't worry if you want to pick up the bowl and pour the contents down your gullet.  

That's what everyone else is doing anyway! 

CASH ONLY - Minus 1 star for lack of convenience.
I have been frequenting Pho 75 numerous years before Anthony Bourdain, slapped his stamp of approval that this is the 'best cure for a hangover' which I have to agree with him!  I actually can't believe that I haven't reviewed this fine establishment until I saw the Layover-Philadelphia episode!
First thing's first, this place is a basic cafeteria set up, right down to the napkin dispensers!  Vietnamese music softly plays in the background, give this place a little more authentic feel, ok maybe not, but it's there.  No frills what so ever, on any given day you will see a slew of Vietnamese hunched over piping hot bowls of delicate pho, slurping away! The mix of people have been a great variety as of recent years.  The droves of patrons have discovered how delicious the comfort food of my motherland!  This pho broth is as close to my mother's homemade pho,  that I've ever found!  Each sip takes me back to my childhood, while everyone else around me was eating hot dogs, mac and cheese, I was savoring eat bit of pho!

You can have pho any which way you want it, the only catch is you can ONLY order pho, there is nothing else on the menu other than some traditional desserts and beverages, straight to the point and they are good at what they do! The turn around from when you order to when the hot steamy bowl is delivered to your table is lighting fast accompanied by thai basil, bean sprouts, a slice of lime and some jalapeno peppers. I personally prefer the number one ( generally called Pho Dac Biet) which basically the holy grail of pho, it's a little bit of everything. There is a host of condiments available on the table to customize the bowl to your particular taste. I usually got with a bit of hoisin sauce and alot of sriracha! Throw a dash of sugar in for a sweeter taste, but I usually like it hot and spicy!  Wash a bowl down with some Vietnamese iced coffee or some young coconut juice (my favorite!) either choice will induce a nice warm and fuzzy food coma when you leave!

The only gripe I have is the glossy chopsticks they give you! It's practically impossible to grasp a heaping amount of pho, even for a seasoned veteran like me, especially for those coming here as a 'hangover' cure when motorary skills are not at your best!  That and the tiny  one ply napkins from said dispenser, you have to swipe like 5 to absorb anything up, very annoying.

The best part is that you can order it to go, if you don't have time to dine in!  It's Vietnamese chicken noodle for the soul, it cured the flu for me last year! ok...maybe not cured per se, but it definitely got me through. So come treat yourself to a bowl of pho, the price can't be beat!! It's cheaper than an extra value meal at McD's!!
OMG, I'm salivating just thinking about it!
10 out of 10, would pho again.

Since cold rainy days are perfect pho weather, it was time to take a trip to the Vietnamese market square on Washington Ave.  The interior is sparse, but service is quick and no-nonsense.  Doing a little research on the different types of meat to choose from is useful when navigating the menu.

The bf ordered the #2 (which had a wider meat variety), and I got the #10 (fatty brisket and eye round steak all day).  Everything from the soup to the noodles to the meat itself was so delicious, and reminded me just what the quality of top-notch pho is.  Afterwards, I paid (cash only) at the cashier counter and we headed out back into the rain, a bit warmer and a lot happier.
Amazing place! It's a one page menu featuring pho with some beverages and desserts. I hate parallel parking and can't pass up a place in Philly with parking. There's a shared lot that can get very busy during peak hours. Including brunch time Sunday morning, since pho is a go-to hangover dish. 

At $7.25 for a regular ($7.95 large) you get a great portion of delicious pho. That comes with your choice of beef ranging from eye round steak, flank, brisket, tendon, tripe, meatball..  thin cuts of onion and scallion are in the pho and a side plate of Thai Basil, lime wedges, bean sprouts, and jalapeños. The broth is so flavorful - clear, beefy, with a slight sweetness. It doesn't need much else, though they do provide hoisin and sriracha. My go to is the Pho Tai Nam, eye round steak and flank.

It's simple, no frills, and incredibly fast. Lots of seating with a quick turnover. Just make sure to bring cash!
As much as I hate the Pho 75 in Rockville MD (they are a chain), the Pho 75 in Philly was my go-to spot for Pho every time I visited the city.  I thought the broth was wonderful (definitely doesn't pour bags of MSG like the one in Rockville), had generous portions of meat, and had noodles that were excellent.

Unfortunately, the champ holds the top spot until it becomes displaced by another and so it has.  A pho restaurant near my home named Pho Chi serves a great pho with wagyu beef and there isn't a pho restaurant out there I've tried in the East Coast that can beat this place.  You just can't beat quality ingredients.  That being said, the noodles at Pho 75 are fantastic and chewy.  That along with the generous size of the pho are about the only two positive things I can say about the pho.

With the hellish parking situation (waited almost 15 minutes for a spot to open up on a weekday), I'm not convinced that this is a spot that I would eat at when I visit Philly.  For those who are puzzled as to how I can possibly give a 3* for such a "wonderful" pho, it's because you have not tried better.  They are out there.....
It's Pho 75. Enough said. Ever have a time where you wake up cuddling a toilet after a heavy and regretful night of drinking? Grab a #12 and all your problems will evaporate with the delectable and heart warming aroma of the beef flavored broth. Combine that broth with the acidity of lime, spice of the sriracha, texture of the bean sprouts, and the meat of your choice (#12, my go to, brisket and round eye steak) and you have a culinary masterpiece in front of you for $6. Follow that meal up with a Vietnamese iced coffee and you're a brand new man. 

There's a reason Anthony Bourdain went here when he visited Philly, this place is the shit. Combine the amazing food with cheap prices and this might be my favorite place to grab a bite in the city bar none.
Thanks Yelpers for guiding me here!  Coming off of a terrible head cold and an ugly Eagles win, Pho was the only cure.  Overall, Pho 75 did not disappoint on the simple chicken pho. 
The staff is welcoming and the food comes out fast. I prefer a scalding hot broth. This broth seemed to cool too quickly. However I did slurp every last drop of deliciousness!!
Too many Pho shops to try before picking a favorite. That said, Pho 75 is now "on the list"!
Came here during Covid era- many staff either not wearing masks and wearing them below chin (not covering nose or mouth). To get into the restaurant, you have to walk in between tables of customers doing outdoor dining. Prior to indoor dining being legal in Philadelphia, they have been allowing customers to wait inside for either their takeout or an outdoor table. 

I used to come here all the time and loved it. I was fine with their no frills service, but now I am too uncomfortable with their health practices. When I asked the man at the counter to consider wearing a mask inside, he mocked me and gave me two middle fingers.
The staff knew my father in Vietnam and saw me in diapers and before I can even talk, so to come into Pho 75 and be patted on the head and given candy makes me hope that this small yet incredible restaurant will be around for when I have children of my own.

I refuse to go anywhere else to eat ph, it's not the same. It's like cheating on a partner, really. The broth is heavily and comes quickly, never making you wait for more than twenty minutes. I remember this restaurant being crazy, having a long wait and now, it's a hit or miss which is fine by me, I'd happily wait for hours if it means only eating there.

I always get the special or the vegetarian bowl which is massive and hearty, nothing beats inhaling a bowl on a cold day!

It's been in the neighborhood since 1990 and hopefully will be there to stay.
This pho basically saved my life. We had been outside daydrinking on a chilly day and needed something to warm us up and stave off our impending hangovers. 

We came in around 5pm on a Saturday and it was fairly empty. We were immediately seated and ordered our bowls of pho. They came out quickly and were steaming hot. My one friend complained about the plastic chopsticks, but they didn't bother me. Note it's cash-only. 

The broth was delicious, loved the bits of cilantro! The noodles were perfect as well. I ordered the large and wasn't able to finish it but took the rest to go. Can't wait to come back!
My husband calls Pho 75 "Vietnamese McDonalds" because you literally walk in, order, and within the minute you order, you have a bowl of beautiful Pho sitting in front of you. Actually, that's faster than any McDonald's I have ever been to, but the point is that it's fast food. And it is so, so, so good. 

Pho is a soup, I believe a beef broth, with noodles and your choice of meat. In addition, you can spice it up with fish sauce and sriracha, and add bean sprouts, basil or lime. Just add it all- except the basil- you can do without the basil. Bowls are $6.50 for a regular 9which is really all you need), and the meal is served with a pot of tea. Perfection. Service is friendly and quick. All around a great place for a quick, low key, amazing meal.

I like the skirt steak, but they also offer a variety of other meats. And nothing too crazy on the menu, except for a few drinks I didn't understand. It's basic, it's affordable, it's delicious, it's 5 stars.
On a recent visit to the Phil, I did a little pho crawl. The following is a transcription of scribbles on a napkin.

Pho 75
Breakfast. normal pho menu, thank god (unlike at pho hoa). but where's the ngo gai?? Decent broth, but needs more beefness and spicing. but it's not clear, lots of suspended solids. rare beef is tough. tendon too thin but tender. giant wad of tripe. sloppy knifemanship. noodles are better than pho hoa but not chewy enough. fatty brisket is interesting. a decent bowl but underwhelming based on the hype. this can't be the best pho in philly. i hope.
I finally was able to get over to Pho 75 and I am glad I did. Pho 75 is located in a big Vietnamese strip mall/shopping center on 12th and Washington. There is parking but it is like being at a mall during Christmas. One has to make a few laps and find someone leaving and grab that spot as quickly as possible.

Once we were parked we entered Pho 75. The space is simple, clean, white and bright and no frills. They do one thing here; Pho and they do it well. The broth was so good and the portion sizes were large also. I had the small and that was very filling. Our waiter was great and pointed us in the right direction. The soup came out to our table in less then 5 minutes after we ordered! The brisket and chicken were both very good, the best Pho we have had. We also had the Vietnamese Ice coffee with condensed milk. This was excellent also.

The three of us had 3 Pho and 2 ice coffees for $28.00. Pho 75 is cash only. This is a really great place for a cheap, healthy delicious meal.
Had to stray from my usual and find a new spot. I must say, I'm impressed. Pho bowls are smaller than other places I've been but the broth is very flavorful. 

I ordered the pho dac Viet (it's not called that on the menu btw). It's basically pho with everything in it. I ordered it in large since I was splitting it with my son, but when it came out, I thought they made a mistake and gave me small, until I looked at the table next to me and the bowl was even smaller than mine. I guess it's a good thing I wasn't very hungry.

Vietnamese iced coffee was delicious. They actually served it how it should be served....in its drip brew. I hate when it's all premade and not fresh.

Skip the fresh coconut drink. It's not even worth the price. Tiny cup, a few measly pieces of coconut, and it wasn't cold.
Great hole in the wall Pho Shop. I think it's the first Vietnamese soup place I ever ate at. It's still good for the basics . Cheap fast and hot. Perfect for a chilly day!
Sorry but I'm going to have to disagree with the other Yelpers on this one =/

The only thing I found good about this place was that it was definitely the fastest place I've tried. My soup came out in literally one minute! 

I ordered Pho Tai Nam here (with rare slices of beef steak and tender beef flank) and the meat tasted very weird. Tasted sort of metallic is the best explanation I can think of. The soup was not clear and it was also salty. The noodles were cooked well but I think that was all that the bowl had going for it. Don't think I'll be returning here. 

If you do happen to go into this plaza, the pho at Cafe Viet Huong is better (but I still need a better pho place!).
Pho 75 is my first Pho girlfriend. Being Chinese, this was my first foray in to the vastness of Vietnamese food. But I cheated on her, and broke her heart. To this day whenever I drive down Washington Ave and past the 11th street Vietnamese Market, I look away in shame and self-loathing. 

There was a time when her siren broth and tender briskets would melt my heart, and fill my stomach. But I found sexier and more promiscuous alternatives to Pho 75. Her broth was clean and safe, but others were dirty and adventurous. Her noodles were simple and soft, but others were complicated and rough. While her meat was tender and comforting, others were varied and orgasmic. 

But I will never forget Pho 75 for a symbolic reason, and I will love her forever. I only hope she never sees me sweating, eating, and moaning to another bowl.

I am sorry Pho 75, I will always love you.
I'm from the bay area and I'm half Vietnamese, so I feel like this gives me a few added oompfs to my review here. I eat a lot of pho - like a lot. And I can't get that great of pho in NYC, so when I visit Philly, I'll definitely be coming here every single time. Everything is fresh and the food comes out super quickly - 10/10. Or in this case, I guess 5/5. HAHA. Definitely hit this place up for some delicious, greatly-priced pho!!
Thanks Yelpers for guiding me here!  Coming off of a terrible head cold and an ugly Eagles win, Pho was the only cure.  Overall, Pho 75 did not disappoint on the simple chicken pho. 
The staff is welcoming and the food comes out fast. I prefer a scalding hot broth. This broth seemed to cool too quickly. However I did slurp every last drop of deliciousness!!
This is probably the best place in the city to grab a piping hot bowl of pho. However, these delicious noodles come at a steep cost--no, not monetary cost, given it's very reasonable for a large bowl of noodles (cash only, though!), but rather a mental cost. If you plan on driving here, then be prepared for possibly the worst parking experience, ever. The plaza is jam-packed on the weekends, and no one seems to care about safety or space here. I've seen people come in/out at bizarre and dangerous angles, and store owners having to facilitate navigation/turn-taking. In short, it's parking pandemonium.

But once you secure a spot, consider yourself lucky on multiple fronts (first, for having survived the parking lot, and second, for treating yourself to fast, fresh pho). The service is, indeed, lightning quick; the food is delicious and portions, large; and, to top it off, the Vietnamese iced coffee is a true delight. They've got an ATM in-house, which is convenient, but I'd say be prepared and bring some cash beforehand if you can. The ambiance isn't anything to write home about, but they keep it impressively clean, especially for how bustling and busy the restaurant always seems to be.

TL;DR: one of my go-to places for Vietnamese cuisine, but only when I'm flush with time and cash.
Philadelphia might be known for its' cheese steak, but every foodie knows that the true gem is Vietnamese food. If you are fortunate enough to have good Vietnamese in your city, you are blessed. Otherwise, Vietnamese food in Philadelphia will evaluate your love for pho and Vietnamese food. You can't go wrong with Pho 75.  

The first thing you do after your bowl of pho arrive is taste the broth and all the ingredients. Appreciate the work that went into it. The thing that stood out to me was how clean the broth is and the balance of flavor. I usually add my hot sauce and etc to tweak it up, but today- I just had pho the way the chef intended. It's simply delicious. For a meal that is only $10, it's hard to come up with a better meal that is worth your wild. 

Vietnamese food is a must in this city.
Pho 75 is, hands down, the best place to get pho on Washington Ave. Their menu is simple- pho is the only option here (no summer rolls, broken rice, bun bo hue, etc.), but they do it exceptionally well. (Sidenote: my personal pet peeve is when pho places have shrimp pho as an option on their menu. That is not a thing! Luckily, you won't find it here.) I always get pho with pretty much all the meats, tendon, and tripe. My non Vietnamese husband loves his pho with eye round steak, brisket, and meatballs. Their brisket in particular is always less fatty than other pho places around here.  

Thank goodness they're still open for takeout during COVID. It takes less than 5 mins for you to order and for them to pack up the food. I would suggest keeping the noodles separate or else they will clump together by the time you get home. It's also still cash only. Prices are a bit higher now but the pho is so worth it. Anything to keep our favorite pho place open!
As a California native now living in Philly, I have been repeatedly unimpressed with the Pho I have found at many restaurants across the city (including in China town). I lived in the county where the most Vietnamese people live in the world outside of Vietnam. Pho is one of a Californian's comfort food regardless of what race or ethnicity you are (same with tacos & in n out). I have had a lot of food in my life and have been search for a good bowl since moving here a year ago.

I am happy to say, I have found it! This place is a no-frills, authentic spot with fast and reliable service (ALSO CASH ONLY but has an ATM). I got the #12 with brisket and eye round steak and I felt like I was home when I took that first sip. They are generous with the meat and it's at a nice ratio with the noodle quantity. The broth tasted authentic and although it was nothing out of this world, it was so tasty and will hit the spot. Also, it was very affordable! I will definitely be frequenting this spot a lot from now on!
I am a huge pho fan and have tried several of the popular pho spots around the city, including here, Nam Phuong, Pho Xe Lua Viet Thai, Le Viet, Pho Cali, and others; I think that Pho 75 does it best. Their broth consistently packs a super savory taste that hits the spot. My usual order is a large, custom tai, chin, gau, nam with a Vietnamese iced drip coffee on the side. It comes with an ample amount of bean sprouts, basil, and green peppers. Of course, I always add plenty of sriracha and hoisin sauce.

Compared to Nam Phuong, Pho 75 doesn't really offer appetizers or other entrees (or alcohol), but their beef pho can't be beat. It is also a much more casual environment than Nam Phuong.
It's been a year or two since I've visited this particular Pho 75, one of many operating under a loosely-based chain (and I do mean very loosely).  It's not that I thought it was awful, it was just that another pho store opened closer to me.  From what I can recall, Pho 75 at 1122 was on par with the pho offerings from other 75's and other random numbers.  And then one day this month, I was astounded to see the number of people on a given Saturday afternoon.  

During my visits several years ago, there may have been one or two other tables that were occupied every time I went.  Recently, it was nearly full.  Full of... non-Vietnamese.  In fact, I had been the only Vietnamese patron that day at that time.  Mind you, there is a supermarket full of Vietnamese people in the same building, while also filling up other eateries in the area.  This didn't just happen once.  As astounded as I was, I made a second visit a few weeks later to find the same results.  And then I just remembered, there had been a popular man with a popular television program here.

The soup is bland.  Water, salt, and a tinge of brown.  No discernable flavors from any of the key spices; ginger, cinnamon, clove, and most importantly star anise.  The blandness had to be helped with some pungency from the available fish sauce on the table (seems like very little, if any, was used in the creation of the broth).  There wasn't any sambal-like chili on any of the tables, my favorite condiment.  The second visit drummed up low hopes and had been confirmed.

What happened?  Was it the larger number of clientele that diluted the pot?  Or did they cede to a wider range of palates, ultimately dumbing it down as to avoid infringing on softer taste buds?  I'm not sure what happened since that popular man visited, but it's safe to say I'll stick with my other pho locales from now on.

Another note, I had never been in the minority in regards to chopstick usage at a pho restaurant before.  I was astonished.
I haven't been here since I was a child.  It was seriously even better than I remembered! The pho was just perfect.... Steaming hot broth, al dente noodles, and bursting with flavors.  I ordered a large and thought I couldn't finish but it was just so good... I didn't stop.  

I know some people like pho hoa - but their broth is too sweet.  Pho 75 broth is filled with the original herbs/seasoning! 

Service is great and so fast!
Gimme some mo' pho bitches!

This is my favorite pho joint in the DC area, and I am glad to see the Philly franchise is alive and well.  I remember this place used to be in a tiny hole in the wall in Chinatown.  I'm glad they moved to these bigger digs, which remind me of the one I usually go to in Roslyn, VA.

The food here is just as good as there - perfectly cooked beef in a light but flavorful broth with rice noodles that have the spot-on texture needed for that perfect bowl of pho.  There's not much to say beyond what the place delivers - the most awesome bowl of Vietnamese beef noodles that many of us New Yorkers can only dream of due to the serious dearth of authentic and inspired pho restaurants in NYC.  Here's something that l'm definitely jealous that us big apple peeps don't have.

Oh and beyond the beef noodles, definitely hit up the excellent Vietnamese iced coffee here.  You can't go wrong.  

Otherwise this place is about as charming as a hospital cafeteria and boasts clean bathrooms.  The servers are friendly and the price is reasonable.  What are you waiting for?
Most of the places down in Washington Ave have a special place in my heart. As a Viet-American, my family and I have been venturing to these restaurants since the beginning of time. 

Pho 75 has degraded in quality, in my opinion, over the times. I still regard Pho 75 as a decent bowl of pho on the strip, but mainly for nostalgic value. 

Good, but not the best!
Eating a giant bowl of hot steaming noodle soup might not seem such a good idea in 90+ degree weather, but this was totally worth it! I've been meaning to come to Pho 75 for a while ever since I watched it featured on No Reservations.  

Service was unbelievably fast - our large bowls of steaming pho came to our table less than 3 minutes after we placed the order! The broth was flavorful, the rice noodles had great consistency and bite, and there was a generous portion of meat.  In fact, I actually couldn't finish all the meat. My only small quibble would be that the beansprouts that came with the pho was a bit soggy and definitely not fresh.  That aside, I'd definitely be coming back! And for under $7 a bowl, who wouldn't?
Really great pho! I got the number 11 and it was fantastic. Also, the iced coffee was delicious. The one issue we had was that there is no vegetarian pho. 

Some reviews here say they got vegetarian....there is zero vegetarian pho. They don't have tofu and they have no vegetarian broth. So just know before you go.
You best believe that a place that only serves pho will be serving you GREAT PHO! 
I never liked Pho or understood my friends' obsession with eating it. because, to me, the soup was too cinnamony and the noodles texture was too gritty at all the previous viet spots i've tried. It wasn't until I came here that I started actually enjoying my Pho. 
The soup was clear, it was like a consomme; very light and flavorful. The noodle was from this brand that a lot of restaurants don't use because of cost but it is the far superior pho noodle option. The meat was fresh. The staff was nice. The meatballs were made in-house and fresh, not my favorite meat option from the list because I like my meatballs with some bite and bouncy, but is still a good meatballs. 
I like that I can customize and add whatever meat I want into my bowl of noodles. This place is lowkey and pretty big. I wish they offered spring rolls here but I totally get that they just want to focus on making good pho. The viet iced coffee is worth trying, I had 1 cup there and another cup to go because it was so good.
I'm running out of adjectives here... but I will totally come back the next time I am philly because the pho they offer here is exactly what pho should be like everywhere.
Best pho I've ever had (and I've had a lot!!)

Broth is deep and delicious, meat is plentiful, service is quick. It's usually busy but the turnaround time is so fast that you can get seated quickly. I never finish my whole bowl and I slurped this entire thing up. 

Their menu is super limited and is mainly pho, so only come if you're looking for some awesome Pho. If you're looking for some really legit Vietnamese food other than pho, then I recommend Nam Phuong which is in the same shopping plaza.
Pho 75 is a one-trick pony (there is *only* pho on the menu here), but man is that trick good. 

Service is blazing fast - never waited more than 10 minutes for my piping bowl to come out. The broth is absolutely angelic (some places get too heavy-handed with the anise. Definitely not here.) And the best part? They do NOT skimp on the meat.

Sidebar: best hangover cure ever! Even if I'm in the throes of a miserable hangover, you'll still catch me dragging my sorry self here.

Bring cash.
totally overrated. I don't get the hype. 

Not terrible, but so completely average that I can't even go three stars. Maybe two and a half. As someone that knows real noodle soup and has traveled in Southeast Asia numerous times I feel that I have a pretty valid opinion. Shocked that a particular world traveling tv personality liked it so much, and also shocked that a particular highly lauded food critic in Philly goes here. If they want real pho, they are welcome to reach out to me and I will gladly either show them five places that blow this away, or make it for them myself. 

Strike 1 - Pho was generic. Needed more spices to give it the depth a good pho should have. Decent fat content...but nothing remarkable whatsoever.

Strike 2 - No chili oil available. 

And strike 3 - even more upsetting....Luke warm broth. 

Only redeeming quality was that the tendon was pretty good. 

Beef was average. Noodles unremarkable...maybe a little over cooked. 

There are way better places for pho in the suburbs, let alone the city. Will absolutely not be back despite the fact that I shop at the market next door often.
Cleaner tasting pho soup base compared to Pho Ha in my opinion which is the nearby competitor. 
Price is reasonable compared to other pho restaurants although their portion sizes do seem smaller than other restaurants like Pho Ha.  Even with a large, I was only satisfied (although I personally eat a lot being a 6 foot guy). Overall decor of restaurant is simple and clean versus Pho Ha which can seem alittle less tidy at times. Overall this place is now one of my go to pho restaurants!
Philadelphia for some reason are known for Philadelphia cheesesteak. I was watching a show of Anthony Bourdain when this place caught my attention. I told myself, one day when I will come to Philly, I will definitely look for this and give it a try. 

I did! I'm glad I did. One of the best pho I've tasted. I felt bad that I ordered the regular size. I should have the large one. But I asked for extra broth and they let me have those. The meat and the steak that comes with the soup was perfect. The noodles was ohlala. I tried one of the best pho in the Bay Area when I got home, the taste and quality of food was very far from Pho 75. I think it will be a while before I will find a good tasting pho like Pho 75. Just thinking about it now, I wish I'm in Philly.
Best.Pho.Ever.  

Seriously.  

No frills joint that serves the best Pho.  Period.  

Don't go looking for appetizers or side dishes because you won't find any here - but it's OK.  You don't need anything other than your big, hot, steaming bowl of brothy, meaty, noodly goodness. (Yes, I know "noodly" is not a word.  Deal with it.  LOL)

Just throw in some of the requisite sprouts, basil, jalapeno, lime - and a few squirts of plum sauce and sriracha - and it's perfection.

Bring cash - or use the ATM inside - but just GO.

Now!
Not much of an atmosphere, no thrills or frills but really great Pho. Best I've had in the city to date. 

if you want to know what Pho is - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ph%E1%BB%9F or an excerpt: 
Pho is a viatnamese dish served as a bowl of white rice noodles in clear beef broth, with thin cuts of beef (steak, fatty flank, lean flank, brisket) . 

At Pho 75 you also get a small plate of sprouts, hot peppers and basil to be mixed in the dish. A great lunch or dinner especially in the winter. 

They close kind of early about 7 to 9 bucks should cover your meal.
You know it's going to be good when there's a number in its name! Pho 75 only serves pho and they do it very well! The restaurant is clean and spacious, service is kind and friendly, and the pho is top notch. The broth is light and flavorful and the beef is plentiful and tender. I love lots of cilantro and onions in my pho and there is no shortage of that here. If that's not your thing, I would ask to have it on the side or not at all. If you're looking for a good pho spot, look no further!
What was I missing the past 3+ years in Philly??? I have eaten plenty of Vietnamese, but never gone for a nice bowl of Pho. Boy was I missing out and all I can say is that I'm thrilled I discovered the deliciousness of Pho 75 before the dead cold of winter. Perfectly flavorful broth, excellently cooked noodles, and quality beef. And the best Vietnamese iced coffee we've had. I'm ready to go back for dinner!
Wonderful pho! Can't say enough about this place. Some of the best I've had. The broth was light, flavorful and hearty at the same time. Not overly anise flavored like some places, just enough. High quality meat choices for everyone. You know you are in the right place when your steak slices are cooking as the bowl comes to your table. A good amount of noodle but very generous portions of meat. Plenty of fresh toppings cilantro, bean sprouts, Thai basil and jalapeños plus hoisin and sriracha to customize your meal. 

A few tips for newbies: 

-If you don't like or aren't willing to try pho, this isn't the place for you. They basically serve pho, beverages and a few desserts. If a place can get by serving 1 item they must know how to make it! There are options for what meat you want and the size of your bowl. Upgrade to the larger size for the extra $1. 
-Located in a shopping plaza and definitely a little bit of a hole in the wall. Don't let this deter you. This is where the locals come for this wonderful dish. 
-Don't get discouraged by long lines. There are a lot of tables and since there is 1 item and it's a soup it's ready to go. People don't really hang out here so they feed the masses quickly. 
-The service isn't bad but it's not the full service western restaurants have. If there is a line you need to seat yourself when it's your turn. The waiters are helpful but they are very busy. Flag them down and get your order in right away. 

If you are in the area it's worth a stop. You won't regret it.
This is my go to Pho restaurant. I visited it frequently when living in Philadelphia and it's always a must go to place when I'm back in town. The service is fast, the food is consistently delicious and the price is great. Their broth is very flavorful and the noodles plentiful. Their beef brisket is also always great. The meal comes with hot tea which is a nice add especially during the winter months. I will continue to come here and look forward to every visit. In addition, the restaurant is always crowded speaking volumes to their quality of pho.

They are cash only so keep that in mind when dining here.
This is a no frills PHO only shop. No spring rolls. Just PHO. We had this on a super cold day and this perfect! 

Soup was clear, well balanced, and full of umami. It wasn't salty or sweet which some pho places tend to lean towards in NYC. 

The meat was a good cut of eye of round and brisket. The tendon was super tender. The meat ball which I generally don't eat was peppery and good. 

Noodles were al dente. 

Restaurant was big but busy when we were there. Service was quick and responsive. Would def come back if I'm in the area.
So if you are like me, pho is a regular part of your week.

The question that arises often is: who makes the best pho in philly?
In my opinion, it comes down to two choices: Pho Ha or Pho 75.  

Your decision algorithm goes like this:
  
If you just want pho, then pick the closer one to you
If you might want something else (rice plate, etc), go to pho ha.

Honestly you can't lose.
Very good as always. Comments largely in previous review but had small custom pho with eye round, lean brisket, and flank steak. Meats are always outstanding with a very clean, but thin, broth. Noodles are always really good here too. If you like Vietnamese coffee, theirs is better than most too for whatever reason. One of my favorite places in Philly (along with John's Roast Pork) for comfort food, and have been a fan for about 17 18 years.
Pho 75 lives up to the hype! It has a pretty large dinning room that is no frills. Cash only. Only serves pho. You pay at the register in the back based on your table number. They give you tea to start. I have tried various types of their pho and all of it was been delicious. Go for the large, it's worth the money!

Just check the hours before going. it closes fairly  early on a weekend night, around 8 pm.
Probably the best pho I've had in the city.  Their broth is the most beefy and flavorful, and they give you more than enough meat to last you throughout your bowl.  No more bouts of stirring around in your bowl looking for more meat.  Highly recommended for a good bowl of pho.
Pho 75 is my favorite place in the world. I come here regularly and find so much comfort in the routine and knowing I will walk out much happier than when I came in. 

I walk in the doors, make eye contact with one of the guys up front, wave the number of fingers corresponding to the size of my group, and am promptly pointed to a clean table without speaking a word. They hand me a menu but I just tell them #11, regular, and return the menu. I go to the bathroom to wash my hands and by the time I sit back down, the hot bowl of noodle soup has appeared on the table. This is faster than fast food. 

I tear some Thai Basil leaves and add it to the bowl, along with a few jalapeno slices and a squeeze of lime. I don't think it needs any additional flavors or sauces. The broth is so rich and complex... yet light. The meat to noodle ratio is higher than at most pho spots, and therefore an incredible value. Each bite is so comforting and delicious, and I slurp shamelessly until my bowl is empty. 

I get up to pay (cash only) and am quickly on my merry way out. I come back in a week and repeat this all over again.
What can I say....I am a total sucker for a good bowl of Pho.

I've been meaning to come to Pho 75 for such a long time and finally have accomplished that goal! Extra inspiration was given to me to venture from my usual stomping spots when Anthony Bourdain (#lovehim #friendcrush #hangoutwithme) visited here on his most recent trip to Philly.

The broth here is amazing. I'm not sure if it on the same playing field as the broth from Pho Ha....but I will keep you all posted as I continue to figure it out.

The service here was awesome. We walked in, sat down, placed our order and within 5 minutes all of us had our food and drinks. 

It was so good that we got one to go.
What the Pho?!? 

It's not even 8 pm on a Thursday, walked in the door, which was unlocked, so excited to try this place with the reviews.... Only to be smacked with a " not open " from the guys behind the counter! 

Maybe next time I will actually be able to rate the Pho!
My brother suggested trying out this Vietnamese plaza. I was happy they had their own parking lot. Tips: The menu is strictly Pho soup/Cash only business!! The waiter gave me a hand in my face, after I gave him my debit card. Like a guard Halt gesture lol. Major cultural barrier, I let it go. So guys, credit cards aren't accepted! The Pho was definitely good and authentic. Nothing different from other places I've tried. Anthony Bourdain made a visit here about 4 years ago on his the episode of "The Layover"-Philadelphia. Overall, it seemed VERY quiet and lacking ambiance. For that reason, I would still return to my go-to spot at Pho Saigon (Christopher Columbus blvd).
Hit. The. Spot. 
I was in town to run the Philadelphia Marathon and after being downpoured on 26.2 miles later, all I wanted was a piping hot bowl of pho. This was it. Fresh, not greasy, generous with toppings, clean taste. No funny business.
So there isn't too much to say about Pho 75. It's inexpensive and really tasty. The food is serviced fast and hot. I had the plain noodles with broth and it was great! 

Overall, I'll be back to try some of the pho with meat.

It is cash only!
Parking is tough too!
This is my go-to spot for pho in Philly. I always get number 4 with meatballs. I've tried many other pho spots and I always come back to this place because of their pho broth. This is a bit frightening to go the first time so bring a friend that's been here before so they can order for you. The waiter gives you complimentary bean spouts and mint leaves which you can add to your broth along with spicy sauce. Everything is fast pace so I recommend coming on a weekday for your first time.
I have no idea what took us so long to visit this place... 

I think this is the best place for Pho in Philly.. Their ingredients are so fresh and you just get alot of everything.. From soup to scallion to noodle to beef.. You get what I'm saying..

No matter how packed they are, you never have to wait more than 5mins for your bowl of Pho.. 

This will definitely be my GO TO Pho place =D 

Parking is pretty bad on the weekends, so come early!! =)
Best pho on the Eastern seaboard.   Hands down - you can trust this not-so-skinny that has eaten every bougie, alleyway, and Americanized pho with a short rib or lobster tail in its soup.   They only make one dish and they do it perfectly.   

For the returning customers, I'm happy to report that they've upgraded their bathroom and finally put a door for the toilet.  No more awkward moments avoiding eye contact with the urinal user.
Quick, efficient , and delicious...just like the godless land the food comes from
Cheap, quick service, and the pho is delicious. I like that the place is very low key and the pho is served within minutes of ordering.

I ordered the large number 8 and added beef balls. The portion size was enough to leave me full and satisfied. The broth is amazing! I'm not sure what's in it but it's soothing and made me want to take a nap after devouring my pho!

If I didn't live outside of the city, I'd be back here often!
I can't stop coming back to this great pho spot! The service is quick, the pho is served piping hot in good portions, and the price simply cannot be beat! My favorite pho in the city. It gets a little crowded here on weekends, but I've never had to wait more than ten minutes for a table. That being said, this is not the spot to sit and occupy a table for an hour on a weekend day while you catch up with an old friend - the food comes *fast* and you will feel that it's appropriate to get up and pay shortly after finishing. As other reviewers have said, the seating is long cafeteria-style tables, so you can expect to be seated with strangers - not the best for a romantic date or private conversation. But if you're in the market for delicious pho in a simple setting, look no further than Pho75!
What a surprise!!! This place has wonderful phos with great taste and price. My whole family left with a joy and filled bellies. We will definitely come back and be surprised again!!
One of the best bowls of Pho that I have had.

And the restaurant is clean to boot.

By far a 5-star combo.
We had just arrived in Philly and boy were we hungry! I happened to see this particular Pho place featured on an Anthony Bourdain doc so figured it must be amazing. It's located in a "little Vietnam" shopping center surrounding with a bunch of pho joints and Asian grocery stores. It's crazy here and I almost got ran over, so consider that. 

Upon entering, we were promptly greeted and seated. Plenty of community tables and clean seating. The menu is not too user-friendly, so we went with a large bowl of the skirt flank, for lack of nothing else sounding too appetizing ( cannot do tripe). No beer or alcohol here. We went with water. The Pho was good, as is most Pho, and the noodles were perfectly cooked. Quite honestly, I couldn't tell if it was superior to any other Pho that I've had in my life. But it hit the spot, for sure.

Service is quick, efficient, and a little curt actually, but you should probably expect that in Little Vietnam. Nothing wrong with this place, but nothing amazing. Supposedly its a big hub on weekends for hungover service folks; I wouldn't go out of my way to come here though.
When a restaurant offers just one dish, you know it has to be legit. Located at the end of a mini strip mall of all things Vietnamese (beware other pho joints), Pho 75 brews some magic in its kitchen and pumps out bowls of the most delicious noodles, broth, and brisket, in a matter of minutes. Accompanying this bowl of magic is a generous serving of bean sprouts, Thai basil leaves, and a few chilis and lime slices. There are bottles of hoisin sauce and Sriracha at each table, and after squirting whatever ratio of each into your little condiment dish, you're ready to go. Try the broth first. The savory and beefy broth warms you right to the bone. It tastes amazing on its own that any extra flavoring truly is unnecessary. With the eggy noodles and tender pieces of brisket, the dish is a 10. I don't normally finish large bowls of noodle soup, but this was an exception. The only other items on the menu are beverage choices, and I opted for the black drip-pot coffee with ice and condensed milk. The coffee was strong and bitter, and the condensed milk, sticky and sweet; all together with the ice, it made for a refreshing drink. Really Pho King Good.
Great broth, fast service.
In and out with my pho fix
in forty minutes.
The best remedy for a cold rainy day - a big bowl of steaming hot pho. I first heard of Pho 75 on Anthony Bourdain's show, and he usually has impeccable tastes for local food so I was super excited for this.

Their menu boasts several varieties of pho, each with just a tiny variation of the type of meat so it can be quite confusing. I ordered a large bowl of #4 ($7.65) and it came really quickly, with the usual fixings of bean sprouts, basil, lime and chilies on the side. The first thing I noticed about the pho is how light the soup was, and even after gulping down a good half bowl of the soup, it didn't leave me with the unpleasant post-MSG taste in my mouth. At first I thought the soup was a tad under seasoned, but I actually came to enjoy the lightness of the broth that really enabled me to taste the nuanced flavors inside the broth. The meat was also flavorful and accompanied the generous portion of noodles. One of the people in our group actually ordered two large bowls of pho all for himself - the waiter was visibly shocked when he ordered seconds, but that's a testament to the quality of the food.

The standout of the meal though was the iced coffee. It comes with the traditional coffee dripper, and the dark rich liquid is collected into a tea cup, which is then poured into a glass of ice. It was very rich, strong, and the condensed milk help give it the pleasant sweetness without being overly cloying. It's a great end to a no frills yet great meal.
They only do Pho, but they do it so right.  No appetizers, no rice dishes, no beer, no frills.  You only get served easily the best pho I've ever had in Philly.  It's savory the way pho is supposed to be unlike the other lack luster and bland broth where you're pouring in the lime, hoison sauce, and siracha just to taste anything.  I've lived in Philly four years a while a go and since coming back this is the only pho place we do now.

It's hard to get there without a car and once there parking can be hectic during peak lunch and dinner hours, but you usually find a spot since shops and restaurants in the square in general turns people around pretty quickly.  Don't be afraid to come in because it's a little janky on the outside and even when you walk in - the pho is totally worth it!
pros...i have to say that i am not really a pho phan, but i will say that i did really like the pho here.  and please don't say "fo", as i hear it is really pronounced "f-uh".  anyways, my family and i had just landed at philadelphia, and my wife's cousin, Rose 
R, wanted to take us to her #1 pho place.  so off we went to pho 75, and it was great.  the menu is both complex but also simple, you can get almost any combination that you want.  i got the #10 but added tendon to the mix.  

the waitstaff here is just super nice and most of all the food comes out super fast.  there is nothing else here but pho, at least that is what i was told.  but we had ordered our pho and within 6-8 minutes it was piping hot on our table with all the fixin's.  as for the pho, it was delicious and super hot to boot.  they do have two sizes of pho, more like regular and large.  i chose the regular as i know that i will have my wife's unfinished portion as well.  

cons...i think that the tendon pieces could have been a bit smaller in size.  and from what i'm finding out is that the east coast still does most of their monetary transactions with actual cash instead of with credit cards.  not really an issue if you are a regular but it was a bit of a shock for me for them not to take credit cards.  but that's just me. otherwise a really great place to get some good tasting pho.
The best pho place in Philly! If you come here looking for a rice dish or fried egg rolls, you won't find it at Pho 75. They only serve pho and that's why they are the best since they don't have to worry about making other types of dishes. There is never a wait (unless it's during Chinese New Year) and this is the ultimate definition of fast food -- after you order, the bowl of noodles is in front of your face, ready to eat in less than 5 minutes. Also, the most expensive item on the menu is probably $8 so you will get a delicious filling meal that won't break the bank (just make sure you bring cash because they don't accept credit cards!).
No frills Pho noodles spot in a small strip mall in Philly.

They have noodles and that's all, no spring or summer rolls, just Pho noodle soup.

I got the big bowl of beef rib eye sliced noodles soup and it hit the spot on a cold day.

Service is attentive and this place is CASH ONLY.

Not sure if it was the Philly Cheesesteak I had prior, or if it was the noodles, I had the stomach virus for a few days.  Strangely, I was the only one in my group of 10 who had such issues.  But next time, I would skip the raw ingredients like the basil, sprouts and jalapeno peppers.  The way they plate and clean their stuff must've had some cross contamination of bacteria and germs floating around; just saying..
This place is my absolute favorite place for pho. The broth of the pho here makes the difference between all other pho places I have been to. Additionally, you can tell that the cuts of meat that they use for brisket are high quality. I will be surprised if I find any place comparable to Pho 75 in the meto-Philly area.

The prices are reasonable and the service is prompt. You will hardly have to wait here and will not disappoint. 

Tips & Notes:
- CASH ONLY
Best pho I have ever had is at Pho 75. It's something about their broth that makes this place a 5 star. It's cheap and affordable as well.
Some of the best Pho I've ever had in a no frills straight to the point setting. Great prices (cash only)
Yummm.

This place was very authentic and very affordable. I have gone here once so far, but will definitely see myself coming back way more often when I crave good pho and when I am in Philly next. So far I have only eaten the #1, and the soup is definitely flavorful, meats were good quality. 

The only down side about this place is that it is cash only, like most Asian places unfortunately. It's nice also that it has a parking lot in the plaza so parking is usually not too hard to find.

All in all, will definitely come back. Definitely worth the trip!
I had to make a yelp account for this. I don't write reviews and quite frankly, its waste of time. Not today. Pho 75 has been around for a long time and this place was one of the best place in the city if not the best but I can't patronize the place if their employees are capable of treating their customers in such condescending manner. 
I went there last night and it was pretty busy. I set down with my wife and ordered 2 pho bowls. To my surprise, order came out in less than 3 minutes. My wife and I really enjoyed the bowl and i wanted to add on extra noodle since I wanted little more. 
I called the same server that took the order and he nodded. 
Waited for about 10 minutes or so, I didn't get the extra noodle and saw the large table of around 10 who came after I order the extra noodle get their order. So I guess the server just forgot.  I wanted to get a hold of him from my table but it was impossible. After about 15 minutes or so, I walked up to the counter where the server was and asked him if he had forgotten my order. I could see the frustration and anger somehow from his eyes and he WAVED me off... This server waved me off like i was nagging fly over the food table. At this point, I was pretty upset. I called him again to ask why the wave and he said "go back to your table"... 
Needless to say, I wanted to talk to the manager or the owner and there was an older gentleman whom I told how rude and unprofessional the server was and he seemed apologetic. I didn't understand the language but he told him something and the server came over and apologized(reluctantly).

I think the extra noodle came out but I wanted to leave so I paid for the tap. They CHARGED me for the extra noodle.

Not going there to eat, maybe take out in the future not near future.
This Pho 75 location is very similar to the one in NE Philly. It's located in one of South Philly's many Asian Plazas.

The broth is flavorful and the pho is cooked just right. During my most recent visit, I ordered Pho Dac Biet. It's not on the menu, but you can ask for it. For those who don't know what that is, it's basically a little bit of everything: slice of steak, brisket, flank, tendon, tripe, and beef balls. I love a little bit of everything in my pho, especially the bo vien (beef balls). 

The bean sprouts and the basil isn't as fresh here, but it makes due. I enjoyed the Pho 75 in NE Philly, but I live in Southwest now, and this location made it to my go-to pho places.
Coming from Houston, my thirst for Vietnamese food is ferocious. I have been coming here ever since coming to philadelphia and it never upsets me or let's me down. Often times I'm here bc I want to relax, get over a night of drinking, or simply to enjoy some good food.

It's what you get: simple, not elaborate, not expensive, and delectable. 

I enjoy that the large is only thirty cents difference from a small. The broth is great, the noodles are never over cooked, I never have to wait more than five minutes and it tastes great.

I always get the steak pho with the lean brisket. Sometimes I get one do the top four to be adventurous, I even get the steak pho and add meatballs. Boy would it be perfect to get those meatballs with the steak as a regular order.

Guys make sure to get your bean sprouts steamed, extra lime wedges, and add on the fat with scallions (special order) to put over your pho like in Vietnam.

Enjoy folks, they also don't discriminate, I've seen all cultures and ethnicities. It's a place that whatever race, you will feel comfortable. I love that it's not fancy: it's pho
This is the only pho place in Philadelphia who still keeps it old school. The men who's working there have been there for more than 10 years! My parents took me here and now I'm taking my kids here as a regular. I don't even have to be handed a menu, just walked in and one minute later our food is there on the table.
They do one thing, but they do it well. Great pho - good broth! Although that particular day, I did wish I could have gotten other sides or apps to complement the pho.

No frills dining. I kind of felt like I was eating in a food court. Fast service though.
Since moving to south Philly I've become somewhat of a pho phanatic (notice the spelling). I obviously went to the restaurant closest to me (pho Saigon) and must've become accustomed to the way they make their rare steak pho that when I went to pho 75, I could barely eat it. The skirt steak was fatty and there was waaaaay too much in the small size bowl they serve it in. I read plenty of reviews and top 10 lists Of best places for pho in philadelphia and Pho 75 was on top of most of them. However I was less than impressed and the service wasn't top notch. I HIGHLY recommend trying Pho Saigon on Columbus blvd if your around.. For me, there is no comparison!!
From memory alone, the one in DC may have been better but really couldn't compare it in words unless I have it side by side.

This place is still incredible. Best pho i've had in Philly so far.

Highly recommend.
A few of my co-workers and I are pho-obsessed, and finally tried Pho 75 for lunch today, and it did not disappoint. We usually go to Pho Saigon, which is great - but Pho 75 was a step above.

The environment, like many reviews have mentioned, is casual and cafeteria-like. Whereas Pho Saigon is typically chaotic and loud, Pho 75 is relaxed, quieter, and more laid back. 

I ordered the well-done brisket (small) and immediately loved the deep, rich, beefy flavor of the broth. The noodles were cooked to perfection - retaining their bite and flavor. The brisket was so tender, it would start to fall apart as it set longer in the broth.
I was surprised to hear on a day trip that Philly is where you can get amazing vietnamese food.  We came on a day trip on a cold rainy day and a nice hot bowl of Pho was just perfect for warming up.  The broth was super flavorful with bone, meat and a certain fish sauce infused tanginess.  A very balanced flavor with strong bold tones but nothing overwhelming.  The mint, sprouts, jalapeno and like allows you to dial the heat up or down.  The noodles we're light, crunchy and delicious.

The decor is minimal and full of local vietnamese diners.  The staff was quick and helpful.

Loved it, which I could have had two bowls, definitely need to come back and have more vietnamese dishes in Philly.
First Pho place in Philly that I will say is good.  (And I've had my fair share of pho on both coasts)
Broth isn't as flavorful as I hoped it would be, but the noodles were perfect and the portion of the meats, tripe, etc were up to par.

THEY ONLY SERVE PHO.  You will not find the rice or vermicelli noodle dishes here.

Service is super fast.  Standard side additions come with pho: limes, basil, sprouts.

Spacious dining area with the tradition viet decor and vibe - nice and casual. 

Parking is tough on the weekends so come with patience.

There are other Viet restaurants within the same shopping complex which I have yet to try and compare to this place to. Stay tuned..
I went here a few days before Anthony Bourdain's Layover in Philadelphia aired and went kind of giddy when I saw him eating Pho here. I sat the table behind his!

To me, this is the best Pho compared to other Pho I've had in Philadelphia with Pho Ha a close second (probably top 5 ever, with the other 4 in California). I've only been here once, so I can't claim it to be the best, but maybe when I come back, I'll go again and write a more credible review.

I always order Pho Tai, and ask for the meat to be on the side. They aren't cheap with the meat - I had enough for two bowls. And I have to say, the meat was noticeably soft, melt in your mouth amazing. I know that sounds strange, but it stood out. The Broth tasted great alone (hoison sauce and sirarcha aren't really needed at all).  only slight complaint was that the noodles were a little too cooked for my preference. 

And I love the decor! They aren't trying to please anyone and they aren't trying to be modern. It's a standard Vietnamese pho restaurant layout, with a whole lot of pink.
I eat here so often the waiter recognizes me when I come in and asks if I want what I had last time.  Cash only is my only beef, but I'll take it in exchange for that awesome pho and near instant service!
after yesterday's bad Pho experience in Paoli, finally today I got Pho 75. I ordered small bowl and Vietnamese drip-pot ice coffee, their taste were authentic, the vegetable was fresh and clear, Pho soup was cooked by chicken or pork bond I guessed, it was really delicious, the meat was well cooked, juicy and delicious. Usually I do have a big stomach, but here the small bowl was big enough for me already. It's the best Pho I had so far in Philly area. I'm new in Philly, so Pho fans if there is any better option just let me know. :) 

Cons: 
1) only cash payment, I went to there today again, but I had insufficient cash to pay my dinner, I asked to pay by credit card, but cashier didn't accept it, and told me outside of there it's an ATM. I withdrawn cash from that ATM, it cost my extra $2.6 for transaction. 

2) no receipt when I checking out, It's hard to know exact prices I pay for. I went to here twice recently, second time I ordered a large bowl compare to first time, but somehow the price was less then the first time. since there is not receipt for your reference, so it's no way to know why that difference happened.
Ok, I've been here twice, the first time was fine, the second time the pho broth was murky and the noodles overcooked. Pho should be consistently good, since most pho places only do pho, if you can't get it right all the time, you shouldn't specialize in it.
I've tried the other Pho joints in that mall, and 75 is really the only one that matters.  

The place lacks any sort of ambiance, but the soup is just so damn good.  

Last time I went with hubby, we sat next to people who brought ... a bottle of wine.  Hilarious!
Solid cash only establishment. It's a no frills relaxed environment. The seating is plentiful and portion sizes are good. I paid $7.80 for a regular size bowl of soup. The food tasted fresh and can't complain at all. Service is fine. 

I believe this place has been around for awhile. I didn't have any issues locating a parking spot. I've been here once before and will return again in the future. They give you fresh ingredients with the soup and enjoy a healthy type of food. I'm glad it's cash only I feel that helps curve the price down a bit compared to other restaurants. 

I think I'll try something else on the menu next time or a drink would be great. Their menu is pretty simple but I feel that's the best way to be. Keep doing good things, "if it's not broke don't fix it".
These people must think I'm a complete lunatic because everytime I stumble in, it's after a night of drinking in which I consume enough alcohol to put the entire staff in comas. They're good folks though and the service is great except for the one guy who looks REALLY happy all the time. He always screws something up or overcharges me. But they have my favorite pho in the city. I don't even squirt any Siracha in the broth because I like the taste of it that much. And their meat is always nice and fresh unlike the Grade C for Crap they serve at Pho Ha.
The pho was very good. The hubby enjoyed his beef, and drank most of the broth. I liked that I was given the option of white, dark, or mixed meat for my chicken, and my broth was also very tasty. So, the pho was very good. And cheap.

However.

All they have is pho. So I should hope they do it well. This is not the place to come if you're looking for a full dining experience; sparse room, cafeteria style tables, the waiters bring your food and then leave you alone til you come up to pay. None of these things are necessarily bad, but I don't think the pho was good enough for me to want to go back just for that.
AMBIANCE: Open, bright, mall like venue. This is very typical of a Vietnamese restaurant, not very much emphasis on decor and theme. They went for space and tons of seating, less ambiance.

LOCATION: It was located in a strip mall that was across from other restaurants including another pho place I got to try earlier in the week. Easy to find. It is the end shop with a huge yellow sign wrapping around.

SERVICE: It was quick and not personable. This is unfortunately the typical service you get at an authentically owned Vietnamese restaurant. They were all speaking in Vietnamese, luckily no bad mouthing of customers.

FOOD: This was in the top 5 locations for best pho in Philly, so I had high expectations. I was not quite impressed. I was glad about the portion size, the meat to noodle ratio, and the amount of veggie condiments. Unfortunately, the broth fell short and was not unique. It was very much one note.

PRICING: It was fairly priced as a bowl of pho should be $7-9/bowl.
You know you're in for a ride when all you see on the menu is pho and it's a Vietnamese restaurant that has a number in its name (thanks Ali Wong). I ordered a large #4 with a hot drip coffee with condensed milk. It was my Sunday brunch and probably the best thing that happened to me that Sunday. It's fast, fresh, and authentic. Plenty of fresh herbs, bean sprouts, sauces for you to add but honestly, it's amazing pho as it is. The coffee was strong but the condensed milk helps. So does adding more water after attempting to drink the stronger bits. 

It's my favorite Vietnamese stop in the US; the only place I know that does it better is a Michelin rated place in Paris. Thanks Anthony Bourdain for giving this a shoutout! I look forward to coming back. 

Cash only. Street parking is doable this side of Philly too!
Im from NYC and I TRAVEL HERE FOR LUNCH. Their pho is NO JOKE. Its the only thing they serve and they're damn good at it.
Best pho spot in Philly so far. They're located in a supermarket plaza so I never had an issue with parking in their lot. They pretty much only sell pho here with variations in the types of meat you want. The best part of the pho here is their broth, which is clear and not overly salty. Honestly the difference between large and small is only the amount of broth, but then again its like an extra 50 cents so can't complain. The pho bowls are reasonably priced at around $8 a bowl. I only wish they had other stuff like spring rolls or summer rolls. However, its good that their only food item is made well.

*TIP this place is cash only
