Adams Avenue in Northeast Philadelphia is a center for the Vietnamese community. The neighborhood is full of pho and com (noodle & rice) houses that are about as authentic as you can find on the East Coast. No, it is not yet as diverse as Garden Grove, CA, with little differentiation between southern and northern style cuisine, but what they do have, they do well by and large. 

Pho Ha Saigon benefits from being a fairly new structure; well designed and spacious enough (in a post industrial sort of way) to attract and hold your attention, with a respectable and capable kitchen. The service staff is generally bilingual and large enough to stay on top of their work. Their HVAC is strong enough to suck the front doors closed and create a semi-vacuum between them, making prying them open to enter or exit a chore. Hopefully, that also means there is sufficient circulation to be sucking out any Covid suspended in the air. 

I went with a smaller bowl of Pho Ga (Chicken Noodle Soup), Spring Rolls, and takeout for the family of Grilled Beef w Vermicelli, and Roast Pork/Beef Banh Mi). The bowl was still large enough for a few goldfish to swim comfortably. The chicken broth had very good flavor profile and there were plenty of accessories (Thai basil, sprouts, jalapeno slices, & lime wedge) to adapt to my tastebuds. The sliced breast meat was downright generous, and the under the surface nest of thin rice noodles, more than adequate. 

While the Spring Rolls were generic, with standard sweet dipping sauce, the pho was a pleasure to slurp with flat spoon in one hand and chopsticks in the other. It filled me completely. I suppose the broth could have been somewhat deeper in secondary seasoning and simmer time, because I found myself suffering a mild case of MSG poisoning on the way home. I am allergic to it, and I should have warned them when ordering. Still, MSG really shouldn't even be in their kitchen. Chalk it up to my oversight. I won't remove a star, but reserve the right to let people know in case they are also sensitive to it. 

That evening my family went after the Banh Mi and Vermicelli dish with gusto. The sandwiches were stuffed and had great taste with strong roll contributions. The Grilled Beef was succulent and in small thin sliced pieces. Delicious. 

But for my bout with the food additive, I totally enjoyed my meal at Pho Ha Saigon, and will not hesitate to return with memo to self about inquiring about MSG.
I've heard Philly has a lot of great Viet food spots. I was very excited to try this place. My friends and I went on a random weekday afternoon. It wasn't too crowded, maybe due to the large space. I ordered the very basic beef noodle soup. Perfect choice! I'm a big pho girl and it didn't disappoint. The soup tasted perfect and the noodles weren't too soggy. It took awhile for the food to come, not sure why, since the place was so empty. The servers are scattered everywhere, but doesn't do much unless you specifically ask. I would return if I ever go back to Philly.
The competition for Pho in the northeast is hotter than ever. Within a half a mile radius there are probably 5-6 restaurants that sell Pho, but who's cuisine reigns supreme? (Threw out a little Iron Chef for you) 

For Pho that will still be Pho 75 down the street IMHO. 

As previously mentioned the Pho broth is a bit sweet and price is a bit higher than the others and they only list one size where as Pho 75 you can get different sizes for different prices. You still get the classic MSG dry mouth afterwards so that's about the same.

However this place is obviously newer and better looking in design so If you want a dining experience with more bells and whistles, this would be the place you would take a date vs Pho 75 which is a barebones speedy service that lets its Pho do the talking. 

Haven't tried the sandwiches yet so cant compare but it's convenient one stop all in one with Pho, Cafe, and Banh Mi shop. Will be back to try sandwiches to see if it can take the crown from Cafe Saigon.
Worst pho restaurant, I ever been too. There was an obvious spider in my pho noodle soup. Called on the waiter about it, which he simply just said "ok" and attended other customers. Asked to speak the manager about the spider in the pho. He told me "there's nothing we could've done, the spider might have gotten in the soup cause of the vegetable". Are you serious, so you can't wash your  veggies correctly? This restaurant is complete bs,horrible customer service and to go along with a unprofessional manager. Avoid at all cost.
Muy bueno el lugar exelente servicio exelente precio y sobre todo exelente comida y muy ricas las pho
We came here on the recommendation of my father, as he has come multiple times before and had received great service and food. 

 This review is not a reflection of the food but the server.  The food was great! However, the customer service set a poor pace for the rest of the meal. Our server Long L, arrived to our table to drop off some silverware, when we said we were ready to order he said he needed a minute. He came back when we were missing a party member and due to us being unsure of his order, Long muttered something along the lines of "next time you call me over to order don't take an hour long." We all stared at each other in disbelief that he would be so rude and blunt. He came back to let us know that the noodles may arrive first and then after we finished our meal. His snide remark just ruined our dinner. Don't work in customer service job if you can't provide decent customer service!
Poor service. Place is huge and they have plenty of people working but at less than half capacity they still seem to be either running around or standing idly by the cashier. Their chopsticks are not uniform. They couldn't get the right number of cups or spoons right and when we would ask it seemed like we were a huge nuisance. Their rice dish was mostly rice... The pork chop and egg was measly. The pho was also mostly soup. There are other places with better portions and tasting food. Also other places with better service.
Restaurant was nice, the look is very modern and the large area can accommodate big parties easily. Bathrooms were decent for a Pho restaurant. 

Pho soup was incredibly bland.  It lacked the depth and flavor that good pho soup has.  I got the ribeye steak meat with beef balls. The steak was tender, but the beef balls were strangely spongey and tough at the same time... And the $2.25 add on was only for 2 beef balls cut in half.

To deal with the bland soup I put a decent amount of hoisin and fish sauce in before I realized there was a fly in the fish sauce. So check things out before you pour!
This place sucks. Servers have no idea what is in the dishes when you ask them questions regarding the menus. They will reply 'hmmm.. I don't know'.. It pretty ridiculous...

This place also does not have everything listed on their menus other than pho.. Pretty stupid..

And if anyone is a vegetarian don't come here they have nothing at all. Asked them remove meal from dishes and they said no they can't and don't do it.

I would never go back. Would have gave zero stars if I could and this place his is over priced.
Took my family here on a Saturday for lunch.  The restaurant is very spacious and modern appearing.  There was no wait.  Servers spoke and understood English well which is not that common at a lot of other PHo restaurants.

Food wise I recommend the pho.  I ordered the steak flank and it was very good.  Even the Small was quite large.  Broth was good but could be a bit deeper.  They provided plenty of side bean sprouts, lemon and garnishing.

I also like their banh mi here.  These are Vietnamese hoagies.  I get the special Dac Biet.  It has full mix of deli meats, pate and all the pickled toppings.  The bread is huge and meat portion is generous.  The cost was $4.50 which is more than most other places but worth in IMHO.  My sister said it was best she's had.

If you like strong coffees get the iced coffee here.  It's sweet because they use condensed milk but boy does it have a kick.

Overall we had a great and would be back!
My friends and I came on a weekday for dinner and had no problem getting a seat since this place is pretty big. This would be a good place for a bigger party. The ambiance of this place is clean, modern, and pretty nice. Their menu looked pretty extensive and have a wide variety of Vietnamese foods - from the Banh Mi (sandwiches), to a few types of noodle soups, dry noodles, and rice dishes. However, my biggest gripe with this place is that the attitude of the waiters was kind of rude and that they had absolutely ZERO vegetarian options when I asked; they couldn't even accommodate me or be flexible and offer something like "We can do xyz instead". I asked two separate waiters if they had vegetarian dishes, and they simply said, "No, not tonight." And that's it. 

That aside, my friends loved their food - the pho and the shrimp dry noodle (bun). I had their chicken pho with vegetables, which tasted great but felt a bit oily. 

Plenty of parking here.
Worst ever experience. We got a fly in the beef Pho, it was so nasty. Instead of taking care of the customers, restaurant folks were just giving reasons and they said we can get a 10% off. That sucks, they should not have charged us at all for unhygienic food. Advise to all...don't go to this place...we will never visit again. Wish I could give a negative star, wish we had that option on yelp.
I ordered to-go here because of Covid-19. 

Of the places I've ordered to-go, this place had the best packaging. The noodles came in a microwave safe box and the broth came in large containers. The vegetables came in a huge bag and the serving size was humongous! I think the bowls were nice because you could heat up the broth and just pour it into the plastic bowl instead of transferring all the contents into another bowl. Though one thing was missing: chopsticks and spoon. It wasn't a problem for me because I have it at home, but someone may have needed it? 

The flavor is good. I think the broth is lacking something (like a deep beef flavor?) but the noodles are good, and the vegetables were fresh. I wish the jalapeños were spicy though because it was not at all. The jalapeños tasted like bell peppers, which was disappointing because I love spicy foods. 

Overall, this place is good and affordable, but it isn't amazing either. I'd go here again because it's convenient and tastes good.
Brought dear friends who love Vietnamese as much as I do - this was my 2nd visit.

Food is still quite amazing and portions are great.  Loved the papaya salad,  friends liked the spring rolls so much that there were 2nd orders.   Got shrimp with broken rice and it was perfection.

Cafe su da just iced heaven.

So why the decrease from 5 to 4 stars since last trip?

Service.

We watched all the diners who came in long after us having their meals served while our appetizer plates were licked clean and we were desperately wanting to enjoy our dinners ...  we waited over a half hr.  No one seemed to know where the order was.   

I'll still come back,  just needed to be honest here.   Service in the end is what can make or break a place !
My brother brought me here a few months ago and today I decided to bring two of my friends who recently moved to the area. We were seated and served quickly. We all loved the food and the ambiance. I got the Bun Bo Hue and it was so delicious! It doesn't say so on the menu, but aside from beef, the dish also comes with pork roll and pigs feet. The waiter thankfully told me this, so I opted to get it without the pigs feet. You can get your pho in a medium size or a large. In my opinion, the medium is also pretty big. 
On our way out, we also got green milk tea with boba- it did not disappoint! I can't wait to bring more friends to this place!
This place was awesome ! Very clean and beautiful décor.This was my first time trying Pho. I know insane right ? How have I gone this long without it? This place happens to be right around the corner from my job. I checked out reviews on here and off I went. 

I was not daring with my first ordering experience I ordered "American style Pho" TO GO which is basically white meat chicken pho. It was soooo good. 

The pricing was good between $10-11 and I was able to use my debit card. That is a must for me because I never have cash and I refuse to pay ATM fees. That is such a turn off for me. While I understand the business is charged for customers using their cards it is 2016 and using a card is the norm! I have left establishments because they do not take card and I feel they are double dipping by having the ATM in their establishment. 

Okay I'm done with my rant. LOL

Overall the portion was huge. I was able to have 3 meals out of it. Well worth it. I'll be back and bringing my coworkers.
Since my last review, I've been back a couple of times--once for one their rice dishes and another for their Pho.  I think I would probably give them a solid 3.5 stars. The food is decent and the place is really clean and contemporary. My only gripe is that their prices are a tad high. I guess I'm paying for the ambiance. Given its so close to my work, I'm most likely to continue to come here.
I came here on their grand opening and was not impressed with their pho. However, several months later I came back and my mind was changed. Their broth wasn't as bad this time, pho noodles freshly cooked so it's not coagulated at the bottom of the bowl, all meats were tender and delicious and service was attentive. The ambiance of this place is contemporary and so clean which makes me feel good about eating there. 3 stars simply because I've had pho that's packed more authentic cooked for hours flavors.
Adams Ave offers plenty of options for any fan of Vietnamese cuisine. There are pho specialists, banh mi bakeries, and numerous other restaurants serving superb renditions of a small variety of dishes. Unfortunately, not everyone always wants to eat the same thing. Also, not everyone is cool with eating at divey, hole in the wall spots no matter how good the food. When the situation demands catering to mixed appetites or dining in somewhat upscale surroundings, Pho Ha Saigon comes to the rescue.

For a place with pho in the name, that soup represents the weakest component of the menu. The slightly thin broth lacks some of the spices like star anise that I like in pho. Fortunately, the meat and noodle portions are quite generous. Large means more meat and noodles rather than just more broth, rendering the large bowls genuinely difficult to finish. For broken rice or vermicelli dishes, Pho Ha Saigon marinates their grilled meats expertly resulting in some deliciously smoky stuff. Banh mi benefit from classically awesome (perhaps house baked?) crispy, airy baguette and from being stuffed with sizable portions of veggies and those aforementioned grilled meats.

Service is pretty standard for a Vietnamese place, and prices are pretty fair given the portions. While Pho Ha Saigon may not do one particular thing the best in the Northeast (the awesome banh mi notwithstanding), it does a very decent job of serving a varied menu of Vietnamese food in a clean, modern setting. We find ourselves returning frequently for those reasons, and it's subsequently worth checking out.
This restaurant was one of my favorite Vietnamese restaurant in the northeast. The servers and hostess are great. And I understand this was not their fault.

So here is what happened: My younger brother and I both ordered chicken pho. The broth and noodle were great as usual. But the main part of the dish, the chicken was very chewy and hard. I asked my brother to describe it and he said, "The chicken is very tough and when you bite into it, it would stick on  your teeth and it kind of hurts." So we asked if we can order something else. The server came back and said we still have to pay for the previous chicken pho. So I asked: so we have to pay for a total of four bowls? And he said yes. I understand if we both ate the majority of the bowl but the bowls look like it was still untouched. So we asked if we can get the chicken pho to go and we were going to eat just the noodle and broth at home. But the server said it was thrown out. We asked for the check and left with an empty stomach. My mom was furious but she still left a tip.  I think this is a ridiculous policy. We were shocked and disappointed by this treatment. 

I have always look forward to coming to one of the nicest establishment in the northeast and I came here very often with my friends and family. I came when I'm feeling sick or when I'm in a need for a homely comfort food. And I've always left feeling satisfied and happy. 
I am not angry but very disappointed and heartbroken. This will be my last visit.
I don't know why everytime I order for takeout they always forget and item or two from my order and I would have to drive back again to claim it. Sometimes I feel like they don't wanna believe you when you just saw me like 2 minutes ago...anywho, this is the second time I order the special pho and in the soup container was about half an inch of fat just floating there. I really think they either changed chefs or changed ownerships. It does not taste like before. I really wish I would have returned those 4 bowls of pho back because I don't think anyone should have been served all that fat in there pho soup. Disgusting. This is the last time I will be ordering. 


So recently I ordered some banh mi, pho and their pork chop rice platters and oh my! I can't tell you how much I loved it all! Everything was so delicious! My sister asked me to pick up some dinner from here and I know I had bad experiences before but these couple of times we ordered were on point! Keep up the good work!!!! Best place to get your authentic Vietnamese cravings!!
Hum... really? Faked price and never say sorry.
Charged for extra things and gave a bill without details.  
They didn't gave us hot oil it is because of SUNDAY!!?? (Cant understand the reasoning behind it)
all staffs were unkind and rude. 
Highly recommend NOT to visit this place ever.
Rude. Staff is rude. Place has a funky, unclean odor. I will not patronize this place again. Food was underwhelming and gave me a stomach ache. You should check out their Health Score before dining here.
Covid edition - came here recommended by a friend for viet food. I was looking forward to having bun bo hue but I knew it wouldn't taste the same as freshly served as it was takeout only. We got bun bo hue and two summer rolls. I didn't know what to expect but I didn't like the broth. The taste was so strong of lemongrass and fish. The summer rolls were bland and there wasn't much to it. On the bright side, I did like the packaging that it came in as it was sturdy and spacious.
Great place to visit if you like Pho. Everything is cooked to perfection. The broth is nicely seasoned and the meats are very savory. The portion sizes are also great for the price. It reminds a lot of some of the places in South Philly.
We been here a few times and I thought I would give it another try. Apparently, this place was not memorable the first few times we've been here. As we were sitting here and ordering it came back to me that I don't like this joint. So we ordered two of the noodle bowl dishes and an appetizer, the summer roll. The entree came quickly but the poor appetizer never came. After I called over the waiter and told him that I would like to cancel the appetizer since were already started our entrée, he walked back into the kitchen and two minutes later came out with the appetizer after we told him we would like to cancel it. As for the food, it was pretty bland. As for my friend entree we ask to add an additional spring roll for a two dollar charge, my friend took one bite of the spring roll and said this taste and old.

Not coming back. You can probably drive two minutes to Pho Viet inside the Ben Thanh shopping center and get a better meal.
Decent pho with delicious, fragrant broth. I like #19, the pho tai dac biet, with steak, brisket, tripe, and more. They definitely give you a HUGE portion of meat, unlike some other pho places which give you way too many noodles and too little meat. Getting a large-sized bowl is only a $1 upcharge, and it is huge. When I come with my parents, we like to get 2 large-sized bowl and share them (the servers are fine giving you a third empty bowl), and all 3 of us get super full! The rice and beef short ribs is also delicious and flavorful, although just a little bit on the salty side.
Service very very very bad. 
It's not same as usual.
We ordered few thing never come right one. 
Workers seems like they don't  know what they doing.
Came in with my family we all ordered at the same time, I ordered pork chops with rice and special ordered s Sunny side egg. Everyone at my table food came out promptly except mine, after patiently waiting every 10 mins I would remind the waiter that my food haven't come out. After 45 mins I just told them to cancel the order because they didn't seem to not care, because the waiter would never even check up on us. They didn't even offer any incentive for my food not coming out and gave a a sorry excuse for an apology blaming other workers for the reason why my food haven't come out. I am not one to write reviews as this being my first negative one, but this experience was so terrible that I hope no one else would have to go through the same thing.
So, I wasn't intending to come here. I was looking for another Pho spot on the same block. But it wasn't open. This place is in a new building and is very noticeable driving down Adams Avenue. The service was quick even during the lunch rush. The 3 of us enjoyed the Pho including my aunt who has never had Pho before. 

The Pho comes in both small and large sizes. The large is LARGE. Be prepared to take some home if you don't have a grand appetite. They had adequate take home containers.

I did try a Thai milk tea with boba and it was NOT good. The boba was grainy in the middle and the tea itself was not recognizable in flavor.
I haven't been here in a while and my past trip on Thursday made it very clear why I stopped coming here.

I was craving pho and for it being 8:50P very few pho places are still opened but I saw this place opened until 9:30P. We came in around 9P and I asked if they were still opened. I work in a service industry so I know how frustrating it is to take clients close to closing time so just simply tell me you're closed and if that's the case, I'll happily take my money elsewhere. Instead I was told they were still open and shortly after I was seated, a woman (I'll assume she's the manager) came over and asked us if we were ready to order. Well seeing as we JUST sat down, probably not. I asked if we could have a few more minutes and she rudely explained that they closed at 9:30 and it'll take about 15 min to make our food etc etc.

I should have just ignored my craving and went anywhere else. Last time I'll be spending a penny here.
New Pho spot in the North amongst other well established competitors. Easy to find, their signage stands out, parking is basically unlimited, the restaurant is very modern, clean. I seriously like the atmosphere of the entire place. I went for dinner around 5-7pm and only a few tables were occupied and we were basically eating in silence because there was no music playing. lol It was kinda awkward but you could hear conversation throughout the place.

The service was great, servers were really attentive and spoke English and Vietnamese. We ordered pho and beef stew. 

Pho: broth was really sweet, alittle meat was given

Beef stew: was not really flavorful, my broth was basically oil because they scooped the broth from the top of the pot, rather than stirring the entire pot and then scooping. So I didn't really get to enjoy the broth. 

I will stick with Cafe Saigon down the street.
If you think you have had good pho try this place!

I have traveled the world and around United States never passing up an opportunity for pho'.  I always fight the urge to add anything to the soup before I try it. I have had good phone where I enjoyed one or two scoops before at all the accoutrements.  This time however I had no desire to add anything to it because they nailed the broth spot on.  Obviously they get but that this is more of an art form than just throwing liquids together.... I will be back because it is so good I couldn't re-create it in my own kitchen
My go to Pho spot is Pho75, but I decided to try this new place. This place was pretty crowded. The interior design looks like chipotle and apparently it is a BYOB spot. The service was horrible and the Pho took long. The broth was good, not to salty or oily and the noodles was soft, but still average and over priced. I may have to go there and give it a second try...
As I've mentioned on here many times, you can't throw a rock around my job without hitting a Pho restaurant. Of the 3 that I have reviewed so far, this is the Goldie Locks of the bunch. It's better than the worst one, not as good as the best.

We've been here twice so far, and I think that twice is where my experiment stops. Both times have been ok, but ok doesn't cut it when there is competition LITERALLY on the other side of your building. Both times we were here there were just things that could've been handled better. Both times we sat for a longer time than we should have, waiting to place our orders and to receive the bill. Both times, the staff was aloof or almost annoyed. Both times, tables that sat after us, that had patrons that spoke Vietnamese, were waited on first and more enthusiastically. The Pho is good, the place is clean, the price is reasonable, but there is just something so antiseptic and blah about this place. Its remarkably unremarkable, and again, there is WAY too much competition in the IMMEDIATE vicinity.
Attracted by the decor and gave a try. Looks like a new restaurant so the staffs are a bit chaotic. Appetizer came after we finish our pho. Made known of lack of salad at the end of the meal. The pho is pretty good, good soup base but the meats are too chewy. Portion is a bit small for the price compared to the numerous pho restaurants nearby. Overall five star for decor and environment, but need more time with the operation and the food.
I have only ordered take out from this establishment and both times it has been excellent.  The pho does not dissapoint, the broth is rich and savory and the accompaniments are plentiful.  The egg noodle soup with wonton was so delicious.  The noodles had fresh garlic which really added to the flavor of the broth.  It was also served with crispy fried onions, chives, and wilted baby bok choy to add to the heartiness of this soup. The wonton was perfect, the pasta was thin and the fillings were a mix of shrimp and pork.  The Thai pearl milk iced tea is dangerously addicting. Can't wait to order from here again.
Delicious meal every time. Also absolutely inviting place. I've dined in numerous times as well as ordering take out. Pho broth is close to authentic as I can find in north philly (my family's from Asia so we are super picky! Lol), great large portions, and fresh herbs used in all dishes. Can't say any more than it's a great place for the classic Vietnamese dishes (they have so many items available in their menu) enjoy !
Ordered delivery. Pho didn't come with basil. Broth was under whelming. Reheated broth in the stove but still but great.  Meat didn't taste great either

Egg rolls were okay though.
Pho Ha Saigon is my go to for pho, pork chops and ribs. Their broth is so ridiculously good, even before all the fixings. Everything is always so fresh and served so quickly. The decor is so beautiful but the service can be better. You are never asked if you want more water and most of the wait staff is pretty militant. It can be overlooked though for the price of food and how delicious it is. The coconut water is really fresh with chunks of coconut in it. The only thing I really haven't had here has been the bahn mi.
It was $3.95 for 2 springs rolls. Don't even bother. The menu said it was pork and shrimp but it tasted like neither and smelled weird. Giving this 2 stars because I tried other food here from my co-workers that was good like the summer roll.
I have been to Pho Ha several times. Actually more then that. I would consider myself a regular. I usually get Pho from here once a month for about the last year.

The pho here is really good. They always have a study flow of guest so it is never really empty here. The menu is fairly easy to navigate and you can even order by number. Tip: rare steak pho #21. 

The reason I gave this place 3 stars is because it's service is spotty. Sometimes the gentlemen working there are on and other times, like today - it is horrible. We had to wait quite a bit for a server to come to our table. Also when I inquire about my drinks, the server told me that they are busy and we would get our drinks later. It came off as rude. I'm not sure if the pho and food here is good enough to make the "language barrier" excuse for rude servers.
The decor at this pretty phenomenal compared to the pho joints you see in and around the Philly area. The service here is pretty good too, the hostess, cashier and servers are always happy to see returning customers.

I've had the deluxe pho & bun bo hue here...pho was good and the bun bo hue was just OK, certainly not the best I've had in the area. Like others have stated already, the portions are large and filling. I saw that they have "bun mam" on the menu so I think I'll try that out on my next go around. I've been looking for good bun mam in the Philly area but very few make it.

The only thing I'm not a huge fan of is the pricing. This place is a bit pricier than all of the surrounding viet restaurants but I guess you're paying for the modern decor and chill atmosphere.

If you're eyeing up the viet coffee, I say go for it. Their coffee is strong and delicious and is the perfect drink to keep you moving after a filling lunch.
At first I absolutely loved this spot. The food was awesome for about a year; recently, the service and food started getting bad. They also do not put much meat in their Pho. It pains me to write a negative review because this was MY SPOT! If you're considering a pho spot, don't choose this one.
This is one of two pho places that I frequently go to in the area. The ambience of the restaurant is nice - it has a clean and modern feel. The servers are attentive and the prices are moderate. 

All the food I've tried here has been good. I've had the pho, vermicelli bowl, and banh mi. I would recommend all three of them. They use very fresh ingredients. 

If you're looking for a Vietnamese restaurant in the area with a lot of options, come here!
This restaurant have many seats. I went in for dinner and was seated promptly. The waiter was friendly and took my order down quick. 
I ordered their pho and it was pretty good. The portion was large but they can work on the taste. It's not bad but I have had better tasting pho. I would come back in the future.
Good overall place to get your Vietnamese craving filled.  A very nicely designed large restaurant.  Great for larger groups too.

The food offerings are diverse, although I did not see some of my favorites like papaya salad or the chicken salad.  However, there is lots to choose from.  

When we ate there, they were out of chicken wings app?? Who runs out of chicken wings, it was  little surprising.

The service was great, there was a main waiter, but everyone helps out.  Its a great system and leave any service complaints out.

Food was very well prepared and served in a timely manner.

I have been here before and will be back again.
Over all great Pho and the rest of the menu looks totally super yummy. Great service and clean environment. Definitely would recommend to anyone. A+++
The food here is good, not amazing, but the place overall is leagues better than the pho restaurant that's right next door, by the supermarket. The place is clean and the decor is nice. Despite the good food, service is lacking. And it's like that every time I go. 

The staff is friendly, but you're never checked up on during your meal and your water is never refilled. After they take your order, you never see your waiter/waitress again, especially since you pay your bill up at the front. I've been to the place when it wasn't busy, when it was and always had the same experience. 

I'll still come for the food, but would appreciate better service.
If you enjoy Pho this is a must try place. Probably one of the nicest Pho restaurants I've been to. Big on the outside and easy to spot as well as clean and open on the inside. Although I've never sat and eaten here I have ordered out many times and never been disappointed. The staff is very helpful and friendly and once you put a good order in the wait time is not long at all. Also price wise it is very adorable and filling as Pho usually can be. Don't have one bad thing to say about this restaurant
I wouldn't even rate this wit one star. Totally sucks of customer service skills!!!!! But have to in-order to post up my review.

It's been awhile since we have been to this place. It's raining out tonight, so we thought to just have a little detour and stop by for a bowl of Pho. As we walked in, noticed it's not as busy as we thought it would be. 

We did get seated right away. Our tea was given also right away. Then this is where it all started going down hill from here. Three guys just sitting down and doing nothing. Waited more than 10 mins for someone to take my order. I had to walk up to the front to place my order. 

I had asked for a small side dish due to sharing a few dishes. No one brought it out. Had to once again go up to the front. We also asked for more pho broth with an additional cost. Instead they brought out chicken broth. At this point I was upset cause they had just messed up everything. 

This place has definitely changed a bit. Not sure if I would recommend this place to anyone.
The is a complete PHO RESTAURANT..
Everything about this place is perfection 
From the decor, customer service,and cleanliness ...Last but definitely not LEAST .... THE PHO . TASTY..FILLING  
LOTS OF MEAT N NOODLES

STOP IN ENJOY A HUGE BOWL OF PHO

The menu is full of other items to try 
You won't be disappointed!
I remember when I came here 2 years back and they first opened, I told myself I would never go back here ever again. It was a clean place and newly built but I guess I had too much expectation about this place because the pho always tasted blend and they didn't know what went in banh mi. I mean I am not a banh mi expert and I am not vietnamese, but the fact that I was reading off the ingredient on the menu and they told me they dont have the ingredient...I was mind blown. 

2 years later I decide to come here with my husband because he was raving about how fast and great this place is. We ordered our pho and spring roll and all of it came at the same time. I love the fast service but I hope the roll came out little earlier. When I took a sip of the broth, I realized it wasn't the same as before. It was actually had a lot of flavor and it had the clean taste at the end. Also this place gives SO MUCH DAMN MEAT!!!! I am a huge carnivore but I couldn't finish all the meat or the noodle! 

Overall, this place changed for the better and it seems like they might be under new management (Since I don't see old faces) The service is good and same as any other pho place. They give you food and will not check back on you unless you ask for something..which at this point I think its standard at all pho restaurants. 

If your in the area, try to place! Even if you had a bad experience when they first opened! This place improved so much!
It's been a challenge for me to find good pho since I live in the suburbs but this place definitely hits the spot. It's a newer establishment which is why I'm impressed with how good the food was. Also, I like how they made the restaurant big and modern while still keeping the taste authentic. There is a bakery attached and they have great viet coffee to get you through the day.
This review is only for the Banh Mi Cafe section of the restaurant. 

This restaurant just opened up near my work so I decided to stop in and try one of their Vietnamese Hoagies aka Banh Mi and also an avocado shake. The restaurant looks really nice outside and inside--super contemporary and zen. I didn't have time to sit down and eat so I decided to just go to their take-out section to the far right of the restaurant. It's all in the same space inside but there's a separate entrance and designated counter for the cafe takeouts which is nice.  

I ordered the traditional cold cut Banh Mi which is called Banh Mi Thit Dac Biet on their menu. They actually have 7 varieties of Banh Mi listed which I thought was pretty cool since normally there's only 2 varieties (cold cut or grilled meat). You will see the menu list 8 items in the Banh Mi section but Banh Mi Bo Kho (beef stew served with bread) is not really a sandwich like we expect a Banh Mi to be...so I'm just saying there's really only 7. 

Anyway, back to the sandwich. It was OK. Not the greatest but not horrible. I think the bread could have been fresher, the cucumber cut smaller (the big wedge was hard to eat in the sandwich) and the pickled carrots and daikon a little less sweet. Since they are newly opened, I'll give them a little while to get adjusted. The avocado smoothie was ok too. Nothing spectacular.  I spent $9 for the sandwhich and drink which I thought was a little high, but prices seem to be going up everywhere so that just may be the case. 

 I would definitely like to go back and try their pho and rice dishes. Hopefully I can update my review with another star next time.
Heard great things about this place so I came by to at least try some pho and their summer rolls. I ordered the large steak and tripe pho and it looked generally amazing with the large quantities of tripe and noodles. The broth tasted watered down and had little to no taste. It was almost as disappointing as the summer rolls. They were slim and missing the fresh and crisp vegetables that were replaced with iceberg lettuce. The waiter was also seen to be slouching around on the wall on his phone as I waited to get his attention for some water and 10 minutes later, he walked to go "clean" a table and continued to go on his phone. 

TLDR; Good amount of food, but mediocre taste and service.
My new favorite Vietnamese restaurant! Inside is clean and the decor is new, fresh and modern.. very different feel from the typical Viet spots you find in North and South Philly. 

My favorite is the lotus root salad with shrimp and pork and beef wrapped in grape leaves but just about everything is good. I had no problems with the service but, then again, never have lots of questions.. I just stick to the basics and keep it simple.
Party of 6. We all ordered. The teapots were overflowed, the hot water came out of the spout and burn the top of my hand when I went to move it. My dads bowl of beef pho didnt have pho noodles. The waiter thought he ordered just the soup with beef bones (it's a PHO Restaurant  isnt it a given that he'd want the noodles unless instructed otherwise?). Sent it back and it took them 15 mins just to add the noodles. We all get our food but my brother. After 20 mins, we're all half way done our food, still his order is no where. We stop the waiters all around us (about 4, none of them our waiter) none helped. Our waiter finally comes when we are done our food (50 mins after he took our order) we tell him about my brothers food and he brings us the receipt to show us that he put the order in, instead of rushing to the kitchen to have them make it. Since I shared my food with my brother, he decided he wanted to cancel his order (everyone was done eating) 10 mins after that his food finally comes out. They didnt offer to give it to us for free or discount our bill. On top of that no one came to check on us to ask if we needed anything. What I ordered requires hot water. After 20 mins the water was cold and I had to flag somone down to get me fresh hot water. All that said, we are never going back. Very poor customer service
Excellent broth and very generous with the meat I got in a medium bowl. The inside of the restaurant looks very clean and the staff was very polite.
I have been to this restaurant a few times ... when I go out I refuse to play the race card!
But I have had more than 3 interactions with this server Dung N. and have tipped him at least 20 % each time he has served me

He is rude , and I notice that if you are ASIAN he is pleasant with a smile, but is short , and abrupt with people of color. Today he took my order, and once again he was short with me and acted like I bothering him ....I ordered THE #20 AND d9...I received my food but not my drink, I asked him about it , and he kind of grunted and walked away.......another server walked past me I asked him, about my drink, and his smiled and said he would check on it....Keep in Mind Dung N was my Primary Server, he never returned, gave me an explanation of any kind.

I have been going to this restaurant since 2015, and have never left a bad review......but this server is becoming increasingly  rude, and needs sensitivity training when he deals with non Asian patrons.


The Pho is what keeps me coming back....and I have been treated well by other members of there staff.


But this server Dung N is rude, seems to have a problem with non Asian patrons
This was the worst experience I have ever had. They did not make tea and have the nerve to say "no time to make tea". Are you serious? It's not that hard to make tea. The orders were all wrong. The menu.. first of all why do you put beef soup underneath the noodles section. You should separate under a different category labeled as "Soup". All I got was freaking beef balls in a soup that cost $7. So stupid ugh. I even ask for takeout and it didn't came. You guys really need to train the waiters better. Fix the menu as well.
Went in the other week with my wife and kid. We didn't receive our menus after being seated. We actually had to flag down the hostess because our waiter was busy in the back..  Probably congregating with the other waiters. Look, I'm Asian and I know how the waiting staff is at most Asian spots; you flag them and they come. Pho Ha is just terrible! You flag, they look through you like you're not there. You flag, they look at you while your hand is up and laugh amongst themselves. 

They're also pricer than the 4 other pho spots that are within a mile. How is an extra meat 4 dollars? The decor is nice, but what does the decor do for a restaurant with horrible staff? 

If you're around to get Vietnamese food, just go to Pho and More 2, Pho 75, Pho Viet , or Cafe Saigon.
Food is very delicious. Layout is very nice compare to Pho place in the area.  It's only a few block from my house so no need to drive down to South Philly.
Easily the best Pho/vietnamese place in the area. I've been to most of the places in the area, and Pho Ha Saigon has them all beat. The food is exactly what it's supposed to be, the service is always impeccable and the decor is VERY nice. They have a great selectoin of pho, broken rice and banh mi. Highly recommend checking thiis place out!
I really like this place, great pho with great service. The place looks great and whenever I go always full of customers, must be doing something right. Take out pho is huge and usually feeds my wife and I.
Dined here for lunch today with a friend. We were seated very quick. Service was fast but the fried food came out cold. Hmmmmm makes us think they fry their rolls in advance.  This is how they must do their rolls because we overheard another customer saying his rolls were cold. 

Seating area: pretty big and clean.good for large groups. 

Food: Seafood & vegetable (Hu Tieu Do Bien) the broth before adding the usual toppings of bean sprouts, fresh cilantro (I DO NOT LIKE) and basil, thin slices of hot peppers (if you're brave), and a squeeze of lime, was ok. I've tasted better broth. I was expecting a more robust flavor. Once I added my sauces there was an explosion of taste. The shrimp were a nice size.  The Octopus was tender. My friend had oxtails which were tender but bland. 

Service: The server wasn't helpful in making suggestions. Once the food was brought to us, we didn't see our server again for about 20 minutes. Other Servers had to assist us. We looked around and most of the staff was sitting & eating lunch.  The cashier was impatient. She didn't give us a chance to pull out our money before repeating the cost. I had to ask her to give us a chance.  

Parking: there's a lot so you're good.

I will come back to give them another try

Enjoy
The pho is ok here 
One bite every know the rules 6.8 out of 10
I got Dac Biet Pho....

The sides are ok as well.

Got a hoagie/banh mi to go and it was delicious. I'll back for the banh mi and try the BBH
Had the pho here and it was decent. Not the best I've had, HOWEVER, their short ribs are awesome. Reminds me of Korean BBQ. The decor and atmosphere makes this place great as well. Will return for more.
I came here during a day of a snowstorm with a group of my friends(8 people total). I was expecting great service because when I walked in there was only three other tables that had customers. Little did I know... even for a slow day, their service is not the best comparing to their other Pho Ha Saigon locations. 

As we all sat down, we were given water and also hot tea! The tea was beautifully made and tasted very good, this is something that the other Pho Ha Saigon locations I have been to does not have or I have never experienced. After about 10-15minutes, we all gave our orders to the waiter using the dish number. 5minutes later, the waiter came back and re-asked all of us what we all asked for... he seemed really confused. 

Our food came out in a timely manner so there is no complaint there but my friend asked for extra meat when ordering and was not given it when the finished dishes were given out. He asked the waiter and the waiter proceeded to get a menu to show him the types of meat. My other friend asked for an omelette on his dish but was not put on his dish when it came out. He did not tell the waiter but then the waiter came back and said did someone ask for an omelette on their dish and my friend said me but he did not want it by then. 

We ate the food and I loved the Pho(number 19), this would be the best Pho I have ever tasted within Pho Ha Saigon locations and other Pho locations. The mint that we would put into the Pho however was old, seemed as it was 1-2days old.

Throughout our meal, our waiter did not come to us to check how we were doing. After we finished, we got up and went to the cashier. The cashier did not have a smile or anything, she had a very "irked" mood on her face throughout the whole payment process which all of my friends noticed.

---

-1STAR because some of the food orders were not completely fulfilled and because the workers were confused about orders.
-1STAR because the customer service was horrible between waiters and the hostess.

---

I believe that in order to fully enjoy your meal, it needs to be complimented with relatively good service. We came to this location because it was close to my friend's house but I am questioning if it was worth it for bad service. Hopefully, in the future... I will be back at this location to write another review to see if the service has changed.

Right now, I would recommend this place to other people for the food if they are really craving Pho but expect bad service. If service is key for you, go to a different place. If you only care about the food then, you should come here.
Have eaten in and gotten a grub hub order from here.
The dine in experience was fine. Slow service even though the restaurant was mostly empty but the rice and meat (Com Tam Suon Nong) I ordered was good. My two friends got pho bowls but to my surprise, were unable to finish them. 
Today, I got a grub hub order of Pho Tai Nam Sach and found out why.
The noodles were basically inedible - hard and undercooked. The order included the bare minimum of hoisin sauce and no chili sauce whatsoever. The bowl was filled to the brim with the undercooked noodles to the point that it was hard to add any meat/soup/beansprouts in. I ended up throwing away most of the food and just drinking the soup for lunch.
The only upside to this experience is that with the abundance of Vietnamese restaurants in the area, I need never order from this one again.
I like the food
Went multiple times
Service was consistent and good
They are accommodating 
And it is reasonably priced
Updating my review to add good things! Our table was filled with food and it came out to less than $15 per person after tip. The Vietnamese pancake was crispy and delicious. The Banh Mi is so cheap, $4-$6, and the bread is crispy on the outside and soft and fluffy on the inside. We got two large bowls of the #19 (still my favorite because I love the tripe and tendon) to share and the servers gave us extra bowls to divide it up. As I mentioned in my previous review, the large bowl is only $1 more and it is a HUGE portion, so it's definitely a good idea to get the large and share. Between four people, we shared the two large bowls of pho, two Banh Mi sandwiches, and a Vietnamese pancake and we were stuffed, for such a low cost per person.
The appetizers and entrees here were really good but not good enough to outweigh how terrible the service was. A friend and I waited over thirty minutes to be waited on even though there seemed to be waiters walking around aimlessly everywhere and once we got our food the waiters weren't very personable. It was also really unclear about how to pay, since you pay up at the front even though it's a sit in restaurant. Don't wanna write this review to bash on this place but only in hopes that they see it and use this information to better their restaurant because the food was really good.
I spotted this newer-looking Vietnamese restaurant and gave it a shot today.  

Took the service almost 10 mins to bring water to my table and acknowledge me after being seated.  They walked by a few times and apparently are allergic to multitasking (not many tables being served).  I read online that they had tamarind-garlic wings that are great, so I asked about them.  The waiter wasn't sure what tamarind was, it seemed.  He told me it was a "sweet and sour" sauce, I just wanted to confirm I was ordering the right thing.  He told me, a lot of people like it, as if I was going to sign on because of that, lol. Another waiter searched on phone and confirmed it was, in fact, tamarind. 

While I was waiting for my food, I saw my waiter bussing another table and he put the garbage in one container and actually took the lime slices from off the former customers' plates and put them on a separate, not going to the garbage.  Maybe he was making a limeade smoothie for himself (probably not!) but it made me feel uncomfortable that they were reserving other customers food. 

The tamarind-garlic wings were good.  I also ordered Banh Xeo (the stuffed crepe).  It was decent, not better than other Vietnamese spots I frequent in Philly.  



Overall, I'd give the food 3.5 stars.  Service -1 stars.  I will not be returning.
Having been a couple of times, I can say that I have not been let down by this place so far and I enjoy their yummy pho each and every time. I usually get the chicken pho, the broth is tasty and you get a generous amount of juicy chicken.
This time I had the rare steak with brisket, tripes and tendons. Broth was again tasty, the meat was done just right and the noodles were the right amount of soft. I ordered the medium size (you can also order the large size) and I was full and still had a little bit left (and I am a good eater). So the portions are really generous.
My friend has the vermicelli with pork and shrimp and I didn't taste it personally but it looked pretty awesome: the shrimp and pork were grilled to perfection and I was assured it tasted pretty good (no leftovers lol).
The place is pretty big, well lit and clean. I thought the service was fine. They are efficient and don't waste words (asian style service but they were friendly). You pay when you are done at the cash register (or at least that is what we have been doing every single time haha). 
Definitely one of my to go places for pho. Also the parking lot right in front of it is always an incentive.
Good addition to the neighborhood. Use to go to Pho Ha when it was a couple blocks away about 10 years ago. Work location changed and found a closer haunt until finding out they closed. Rumor is, this is the same owner (but not tied to the franchise as before.) 

Now the food - the summer rolls are good and freshly prepared. Bun Bo Hue is tasty w/o being over powering. Mi Bo Kho is rich and beefy with tons of meat and chewing so don't be in a hurry. While being adventurous I tried the Bun Mam (fermented fish soup) and let's just say it is different. It is, need less to say,a little pungent but offset with some sweetness. If you aren't into sweeter dishes or fermented foods you may want to stay away. 

Decor is nice open and modern. Even on a busy Saturday night there always seems to be a table available. Service is brisk and noodle house style - you may have to wave down a server for something else after your food arrives but that seems par for the course. Plan on returning as frequent as I'm in the area.
The food here is simple, comforting and authentic. We had the beef stew pho with rice noodles. The broth was tasty and the beef was tender. We also had the pork with broken rice and the fried egg, this was good too. The atmosphere is so relaxed, cozy and its clean and very pretty inside. The servers were friendly and helpful. We also had lemonade, free tea and crispy spring rolls. This is a very cool neighborhood spot, the best part my bill for two was 29.00.
I came here with my wife around lunchtime to tried out their food and service. This place is big and spacious with a modern decor.
 It is also nice because it has a little shop up front that sells asain snacks and deserts.
After the hostess show us to our table, we waited about 10 minutes before a waitress came to take our orders. The odd thing was the restaurant was almost empty at the time. 
My wife order banh xeo a Vietnamese crepes, it's an asain version of a taco. I order  pho ga wich is chicken noodle soup. Our food took longer then other Vietnamese restaurant to come out. The soup in my noodle was a little bland, it was lacking some flavors. My wife also said her banh xeo was kind of average. She think they didn't add any coconut milk in their batter's.
Overall their food wasn't bad, its just wasn't great.!!!
We asked nicely for more fish sauce and the waiter's reply was...'you couldn't tell me this earlier?' . Like am I suppose to predict the future? Am I suppose to know how much sauce I need? -___- He ended up never giving it to us. Shitty customer service. As a long time costumer, I've enjoyed the food but I won't be coming back because   your one shit head waiter was too lazy to go to the kitchen and actually do his job . The audacity! Should I bring my own bottle of fish sauce ?! Ugh
PLEASE READ! One of the workers here asked my 9 year old son "Where do you live". They were in the bathroom alone. My son was washing his hands and the employee was at the urinal. My son quickly grabbed a paper towel and got out of there. He was shook up and very upset. I told the manager about the situation and she said "are you sure it was an employee?" I told her my son was sure as the employees all wear maroon shirts with pho ha Saigon written on the back. Then she replied "well that's creepy" and that was that. 
We use to frequent it as its close to our warehouse. 
Totally disgusted and will NEVER ever set foot here again.
I will never eat or step foot in "Pho Ha" on rising sun Ave in my life. Just had the most racist waiter in my life. I asked him about the different Pho. These are the exact words that came out his mouth "Why y'all come here. Why y'all come to eat here for." That crushed my little heart. I never felt so unwelcome in my life. I packed my son up so fast. I will not be spending my money there. I gave a one star only for how nice it look inside. Other than that I would have not given this restaurant any stars
I ordered take out-- a banh mi, pork chop over rice and pho. 

The banh mi- The veggies were crunchy and the meat/pate was French. $4.50 is higher than other spots but it's def worth it!

The pho- immediately I noticed there wasn't any oil on the surface of the pho. Definitely a healthier broth. The sprouts and mint were not as fresh but that could just be from being packaged in the warm bag.

The pork chop- a little too much sauce but it was cooked perfectly. The rice and veggies were also plentiful and delicious.

All in all, I was pretty impressed. The interior is super clean and nice. I feel a little sorry for the neighboring pho places. I used to go to pho and more 2 but I think it's definitely worth it to switch to pho ha Saigon. Yum!
Went here today with my daughter, was excited to try this place out. The place itself was very nice, it looks clean, had nice Decour. It's took a while for someone to come and take our order. I got the chicken Pho, It was pretty much all bones hardly any chicken at all so I asked if I could order a side of extra chicken. They bought me a plate of pretty much bones with just a little bit of chicken on it. My daughter and I both ordered coffees which they never brought, so I flagged somebody down and they went and brought out one coffee. Nobody came to check in see how everything was, we were done eating for a while and nobody came up to us so finally I walk to the front to get a container for leftovers and asked for the check. I was shocked that they charge 550 for the extra chicken being as it was literally a plate of bones, so I voiced that. They said it was that much because it was fresh expensive chicken, but I was literally given bones which was what my point was, but they didn't care. I also told them they never brought me out my coffee so I got it to go. There's two other Pho spots Around here that I will stick with, I will not go back here again the service was terrible, and the Chicn Pho was a joke
I am a big fan of Pho Ha Saigon. The food is great and the casual atmosphere is a bit more polished than the dilapidated cafeteria style you often encounter at Vietnamese restaurants. The place is BIG too, so no worry about finding a table ready for you unless you have quite a large group. 

I have tried four or five things so far, but keep coming back to the DIY summer roll dishes, the beef in grape leaves is killer.

The pho is pretty good, but ultimately doesn't really compete with the masters a little further down the street who do nothing else. Embrace the rest of the menu, it is incredible.
My go to Pho spot is Pho75, but I decided to try this new place. This place was pretty crowded. The interior design looks like chipotle and apparently it is a BYOB spot. The service was horrible and the Pho took long. The broth was good, not to salty or oily and the noodles was soft, but still average and over priced. I may have to go there and give it a second try...
I waited in the Cafe + Banh Mi for 10 mins, several workers saw me on the restaurant side and was later acknowledge to place my order in the restaurant. I ordered and paid $4.38 for a Vietnamese Iced coffee to go. It was definitely overpriced and most of it was ice, never again! Rather have went to Starbucks, McDonald's or Wawa instead. What a ripoff and waste of time...
I've only been to this place once and the experience as whole was ok. The decor of this place is great. It's probably the cleanest and most modern looking Vietnamese restaurant I've been to. The food was just ok in my opinion.  Now usually I can deal with ok food with great ambiance but the kicker were the prices. The prices at this place are higher than most Vietnamese restaurants and even more expensive than my south philly haunts that probably pay more in rent. If the prices of this place were on par with what's normal for Vietnamese food thru out the city it would definitely get another star. I can't imagine my self going out of my way to goto this place but if there isn't any other option and I don't feel like driving to far I'd probably end up here.
My 3rd time coming here and this place hasn't changed a bit. The service is still horrible and the pho is not good at all. The broth tasted bland with nothing but msg. Also, there are not enough meat in the soup and the noodle is not tender. Don't know why this place is so crowed, but I would never come here again. You are better off going to Pho & More 2.
This is my place to go! I literally go here at least once a week....LITERALLY. I either get pho or bun bo hue and they never fail to disappoint.
Some guy answered the phone for takeout and didn't even speak English nor understand what I was saying, even just the numbers off the menu. Please do not have someone who don't understand sh*t to answer the phone for takeouts. It's really frustrating.
The service was terrible. Table of 2, both ordered vermicelli dishes, one with pork, the other with tofu....and one spring roll appetizer. The  pork dish came out promptly, it was delicious, then the spring rolls arrived, but still had to wait a full 10 minutes after that for the tofu dish to arrive. Ridiculous! The waitress walked by and offered the excuse that there was only 1 stir fry guy. That was the last we saw of her. Finally, the tofu dish arrived. The presentation was fine and it was tasty. We finished our lunch and flagged down a waiter from another table and requested  tea that was never delivered in the first place and we were further disappointed that it NEVER arrived!  We asked to see a manager, but we were told he was busy. Good food, but the service left a bad taste. We won't be rushing back anytime soon. Very disorganized waitstaff!
So, I only order their Thai tea here but let me tell you it's the best Thai tea ever. The problem is THEY ARE SO CHEAP! You would think for a drink that costs $5 that they would fill the cup to the top but they don't! And I don't think they really care because I would order on grubhub if I don't call in and they never fill it up even when I ask. So yeah that's my only problem. This place is great they just need to stop being so cheap in product for such an expensive price.
Good days , bad days we all had our fair shares . But coming in for lunch today was just a disaster . I liked my food very much here so I'm a frequent diner . Whatever I ordered always come out good . The pho has it days . 

So yesterday I decided to try something different, I'd ordered the shakin' beef (Lok lak) with rice platter since it's been awhile since I've had some . Everybody else ordered their food already . We didn't have to wait long . Everybody's food came out except for mines so I'm just thinking it's coming out a little after . A few minutes passes by my food still hasn't come out . So I had asked one of the waiter where is my food he went back to check and told me they had forgot about my ordered. Just terrible service when none of the waiters came and asked if we needed anything . Instead they were just all standing in the back talking . Yes, I only understand the basic words in vietnamese language but they made it look so obvious that they were talking crap about us. What kind of person asked you "For what," when asked for a to go box ? They lucky we even left them tips . I almost grabbed the tip money back on our way out because they don't even deserved it. So I'm going to be the bigger and better person and be nice about the whole situation . 

Food is always good here but service was just terrible . They need to re-trained their waiters again or fired them and hire somebody else .
I love this place.  I can't get enough.  My friends and I come here, at minimum, once a week.  The Pho is the best in the city, always, always done right.  The staff is friendly and helpful to those who are new to the restaurant and Vietnamese cuisine.  Perhaps it's because we go so often, but I don't think so.  The waiters are quick and always looking to make your experience the best.  It's hard to switch meals....I always go back to Pho, but the noodle dishes are great and the short ribs are so good, all I can say is you have to go here.
Fast. Clean. Delicious. Went during the peak of the Lunch rush, was seated immediately. Bussers/waiters were busy cleaning, taking orders and running food out. I ordered incorrectly and they righted MY mistake and it was nothing to them. The broth savory and the meat was so tender. The Medium Pho bowl was more than enough and I have a HUGE appetite. Will return!
Love this place.  Go here once a week when I'm living in Philly. I get the pork with broken rice and a spring roll. Delicious pho as well.
Horrible service with above average food. I think all the waiters here have a bad attitude. When I asked for more lime the waiter gave me a dirty look and said $1. Lol literally. Never coming again.
Finally a Pho place that is clean and comfty. Foods are pretty decent. It has a small shop for hoagies and other snacks and dessert. Haven't try much of the food yet. But at least the vermicelli is pretty good.
I wouldn't give it not even 1 star. Great waiter but I ordered chow fun tasted horrible and uncook. Never coming back here again.
We had shrimp pho. It was very delicious and wasn't too greasy. They serve clean water it didn't taste like tap water. Nice place for Pho.
