Perfectly serviceable Vietnamese eatery, helpful service, good lighting.

If you're hungry - and you ought to be, otherwise what are you doing here? - pick up a Vietnamese hoagie. Their charbroiled pork variation ("Banh Mi Thit Nuong, #67 on the menu; $4; credit cards accepted) satisfies, even if it's not your typical banh mi sandwich. Crispy bread, but what an odd cut of baguette. And did I detect a bit of hoisin sauce?

If my description scared you, play it safe and enjoy a plate of shredded pork on rice (Com Tam Bi, #38, $6.50). The fish sauce isn't bad and considering their prices, you'll have enough to splurge, so get yourself a hot tea or a fruity drink.
Worst pho I ever had. 

I feel really bad for those who are new to pho and aren't sure of where to find good pho. Unfortunately, Pho Cali is located right in the middle of chinatown, where a lot of tourists and excited suburbers, who are new to pho, usually ends up at. 

Pho is very unique to those who never had pho. You could say it's an exotic taste for some. So I can understand why someone who might try pho at Pho Cali for the first time and say it's good. It's also why this place is rated higher than I though it would be. Being Vietnamese myself, I can say for certain, the pho I had here was the worst I ever had. 

My favorite pho in Philly is either Pho Saigon on Delaware Ave or Nam Phuong on Washington Ave. 

But as Burton would say on Reading Rainbow, you don't have to take my word for it.
The Tai Nam, Ve Don (Rare Steak & Crispy Flank) was a perfect counterpoint to the biting cold running rampant in the streets of Chinatown last night. 

The space on the corner of 10th and Arch is small, but well maintained. The service is efficient, if not overly friendly, nor chatty.  But, given that there was a large bowl of steaming funky pho placed before me about 2 minutes after ordering, they can afford to let their speed and excellent broth do the talking. I found it rich and subtle with plenty of time simmering in a huge pot in the kitchen.  The star anise played second violin to the beef stock's leading melody.  The noodles were submerged beneath the ample supply of thinly sliced rare and well done meats.  It was all I wanted.

Some nights are just a little strange, and it wasn't even a full moon.  On my walk over to Pho Cali I was stopped by a man who told a story so believable about having his tools and wallet lifted, that I gave him cab fare home.  On the way out of the café, I was stopped again.  This time by a woman who claimed to be an art student in Jersey. She just wanted to take photos of me while I made a crazy face.  I obliged, half thinking that I would find myself on Facebook looking like a madman.  The end of a promising career in public service. 

I just rolled with it all.  As long as the pho was superlative, I could tolerate almost anything.

Dark streets. Cold winds. Bizarre interactions. Take your best shot.
So my venture through Chinatown begins....

Note: This review isn't actually on their pho.

I came here super hungry for lunch and wanted some Vietnamese but not pho. Looking at the menu, they offer a bunch of different Vietnamese dishes including com tam (broken rice), noodle soups, vermicelli bowls, etc so I thought it'd be a good place to just pick something that my roommate and I can both eat. It's a cold day so I got the Mi Nam Vang (egg noodle soup) and she got some other noodle soup. They were both okay but somehow ended up looking exactly the same and tasting about the same too. The broth was a little salty for me and by the end of my bowl, I can taste the oil/fat layer in my mouth. Besides that, the noodles were cooked fine and the seafood mix was okay. It tasted more like frozen ingredients though. 

Overall, okay place. Most dishes are 6 dollars so it makes an easy lunch but I think I'm going to continue exploring Chinatown for better.
This was my first time to try pho, and I was not disappointed. I was really hesitant to try it, but I have no regrets now. 

The restaurant was easy to access when I was in Chinatown, and I was immediately seated. I think the wait for our order was no more than 10 minutes. After my friend and I got our soups, we immediately dug in. They had all the condiments we would need to enjoy the soup. The portions were good, neither of us were able to finish our bowl. 

The waiter was nice, always coming around to check on us and clean our table. I really appreciated that, because nothing is more satisfying than having a clean table while you are fasting.

I will definitely be visiting again to explore more of the variations of pho offered.
I hate giving bad reviews but this place deserves it. I went to Pho Cali with some friends after CC sips for some grub. I ordered the shredded pork banh mi (about $4), which was ok and nothing to write home about. Honestly, I have had better and cheaper banh mi. 

My friend ordered pho and when he was about finished with meal, he found a fly in his soup. Disgusting! He immediately stopped eating and my husband brought the fly to the cashier's attention (older woman). The older woman was not accommodating and  tried to evade the whole fly-in-pho incident (pho-gate!). All she said was that a fly must have come from outside and flew into his soup. No apology, no discount off our bill, no  attempt to give us something on the house. Nada. It seemed like she was trying to blame us for bringing the fly into the restaurant, which is absolutely not true. The fly was in the pho at the time the food was served at our table. There were no flies when we were eating in the dining area, let alone other patrons. I highly question the sanitation and cleanliness of this restaurant and would not encourage anyone to come here.
Solid Pho, especially for Chinatown.  Prices are completely in line with other Pho places, from Washington Ave to the other end of C-Town.  I was happy with my large deluxe.  The meats were well portioned and tasty and the broth seemed to balance them well.  I was a bit disappointed with the bean sprouts portions provided with my large bowl and the ones provided weren't looking that healthy.  Of course, it was later on a Friday night.

Given how short a walk it is from Market East Station, I suspect I will be back to fine tune their rating.  As for now, Pho Cali is safe to enjoy!
Weak.

I was very unimpressed with my food here - the summer rolls were tiny and understuffed, the chicken in my pho was dry, and the broth was tasteless - needless to say I had to slam it with sriracha and all the fixings.  Service was a little slow - and there were only 3 other parties in the place at 6:30pm.

You're way better off going down the street to Vietnam, or heading down to 11th & Washington for Viet Huong or Nam Phuong.
There are multiple places for Pho in Chinatown (obvi) but this is my favorite. If you don't know what Pho is, it is basically a giant bowl of the Asian version of chicken (or other protein) noodle soup. 

The pho here is in giant portions. I usually get take out. The pho is $8.50 and lasts me about 3 servings. The broth is amazingly salty and the noodles are ultra thin and almost chewy which I love. I've had both the steak and the chicken pho. The steak comes ultra thin cut and raw so when it's placed in the sizzling broth it cooks itself. With the take out, it comes in all the separate pieces, the noodles with protein in one container, a huge container of hot broth, and a big bag of a variety of veggies. This way when you get home you can personalize your own soup. I recommend this spot for both newbies and veterans to the Pho world.
Well on occasion, I am "forced" to eat vietnamese food, and I am usually not happy about it, but I take it like a champ and be a sport and just go with it. I never liked Pho - it always tasted like they heated up dirty water that dishes were soaking in, threw in some remnants of yesterday's dinner and voila - pho! 
So over the years I've explored the OTHER items at viet places and have come to really enjoy the vermicelli dishes and the sandwiches (bahn mi). 
The vermicelli was good, although I prefer it when the meat and vegetables are served side by side as opposed to in a bowl. Not sure which is more authentic, but hey, I like what I like. That was good, but the bahn mi was something truly special.

The first bahn mi I had was at Lee's Sandwiches in California and while I never particularly enjoyed it, it was open 24 hours. At some point my taste buds changed and started to like the cilantro and pickled vegetables that are the core elements of the vietnamese sandwich. And this place does it RIGHT. I wish they were a bit bigger because they are so tasty! So, you may want to order two. I tried the beef as I do not enjoy the swine too much, but I bet that's good too. 

They also have an extensive non-alcoholic drink menu which I suggest you try. i had this rainbow blended thingy. I couldn't tell you what was in it, because I do not know. It was fruity and tropical and delicious. Also had an avocado boba that was good too.

Service was friendly and fast.

Definitely will be back!
Pho cali is where I went to get my first bowl of pho 4 years ago. I went back yesterday for the first time since then. Just as great as I remember. Between that time and now I had visited many other pho restaurants and all I have to say that pho cali isn't my favorite. Chicken didn't have much flavor, summer rolls also lacked flavor but pho broth was amazing. I also like how nice and friendly the staff is. I noticed the pho menu is pretty big so next time I'll get something different.
Just stopped in for a quick bowl of vermicelli with spring rolls and sliced beef.
On a cold night - this place (still in dire need of a makeover) serves a great, warming meal for under $10.

Love it here!
In and out of this place in 35 minutes flat! It was awesome, we were seated in 2.5 seconds of walking in. We ordered spring rolls, beef pho, and shrimp over broken rice. The spring rolls were tasty and we had just finished them when the waiter walked over with the additional accouterments for my pho! Piles of Thai basil, bean sprouts, jalapenos, cilantro, and onions... It was a dream come true! The plates arrived quickly - my BF was consumed with his broken rice and shrimp and I dove into my steaming bowl of perfectly prepared rice noodles! It was amazing and we were both stuffed for under $20!
I went to school in Cali.  Cali pho is BOMB.  Pho Cali pho is so not. (let's play a game called "how many times can I say 'cali' and 'pho' in one review!)

The soup tasted a little watered down.  The noodles were fine.  There wasn't enough cilantro.  It was EXPENSIVE ($6/bowl) for pho.

The waiter was super sweet though.  Next time I'll be going to Little Vietnam, which I tried in vain (unsuccessfully) to find.
Super friendly staff--they've more than just pho and is a good place to bring my mother because she just has the summer rolls and doesn't have to deal with tripe or anything like I do.    The Vietnamese Hoagies or whatever they are are pretty yum too.  Anything on a baguette = love.  

I love that there's loads of Mexicans working here Latin music coming from the kitchen is completes the Vietnamese dining experience.
It's a nice, small place in Chinatown. Can't miss it as the location is practically golden. (10th and Arch; Right there by the big chinatown gate)
I really like the service. They're very fast. The pho itself, however, is nothing spectacular. I'm not exactly a fan of this place but I'll go back. This is relatively clean space that has about 8 different beer choices. Not bad. It's also cheap. The portions are REALLY large. I have never been able to finish a bowl. Even after a night of endless drink-athon.

Do not get a Bahn mi here...it's totally weak!
Good location right upon the entrance of chinatown.

Small little place, friendly, slightly cafeteria style.  Small menu.  I had the vermicelli w/ beef, side of some kind of carrot juice sauce??  I must say I felt a bit slighted when the waiter handed me a fork and the waitress came by to double check on my request for Durian bubble tea.  "most american's don't like Durian", well maybe I'm not American, maybe I'm Endo-European. haha
The bubble tea was FANTASTIC!!!!  I had the yummy sour/sulfury/sweet taste of durian in my mouth for hours.  I think I prefer the taro bubble tea over the durian, does that make me american?
I nicknamed this place Bun Cali - because i much prefer to get the bun here - tho the Pho is good, too.

My little daughter likes the Sugar Cane shrimp.

CHEAP, fast and a good Viet-fix when you need one.
Decor is very basic and could use a clean-up.
Went in for a quick lunch in which I ordered the roasted chicken on broke rice. The texture of the chicken was coming off more like quail but it was still good. Drizzled in fish sauce and the accompanying julienned veggies and rice it made for a good lunch meal. The price was about right for only $8. 

They're losing 3 stars because on yelp and on their own door they specify they take credit cards. I explicitly looked around for any type of minimum credit card disclaimer and didn't see any before I sat down. When I tried to pay for my meal with my credit card the only explanation was cash only. Mind you I just saw a business lunch wrap up in which they paid with a credit card. I get they may have minimum  and that's their prerogative but at least have it posted somewhere that you A, have a minimum and B what it is. I had no other choice but to use the ATM across the street which has skimmer written all over and incur at least $5 in combined fees from my bank and the questionable ATM across the street. 

Had I'd been aware of their policies I would have just chosen to dine elsewhere.
This place is BOMB! I always order the summer roll, and ususally get the shrimp pho.  The broth is so flavorful, before anything is added to it.  Portion sizes are huge. It's the perfect place for a sunday late lunch hangover cure.  They serve beer, if you're up for it :) Or, bubble tea, if you're not.  I feel like a lot of places in chinatown are a littel shaky looking...but the inside of Pho Cali is actually really nice, and you have a great view of the friendship gate in ChiTown.  

Go here for your next Pho adventure!
Very nice spot! Delicious Phõ, and appetizers. We loved the authentic pho ga and beef tendon pho. 
The Shrimp Summer rolls were a smash hit, as well.
I highly recommend this place for great Vietnamese in Philadelphia!
The shrimp pho is the bomb.  $6.50 for a huge whoppin' bowl.  And they're not stingy on the shrimp.  I haven't tried anything else but that. 

Every time I come to Philly I make the stopover here...at least twice a trip. 

The restaurant is family owned.  People are down to earth.  There's always a good amount of customers in there.  Food comes out fast.  Ingredients are fresh.  

Good place to get your pho fix.
My boyfriend and I ordered delivery and I found the pho to be mediocre at best. The broth was decent, but I wasn't a fan of the meat (I ordered chicken).

Taste aside, the portions were big and delivery was fast. 

Unfortunately despite the fast delivery, I don't see myself ordering from here again. :(
I'm not sure why I get sucked into Pho Cali when I want pho.  The service is lacking, the pho isn't good, and the atmosphere.. well, it leaves something to be desired.  
The pho broth needs to be doctored like a mo' fo'...  and for what?  There are 904 other places within a stone's throw to get the same bowl of pho, only better.  
Pick something else.  From this point forward, I know I will.
Screamingly delicious pho and Vietnamese iced coffee - and I am one harsh critical bitch when it comes to getting broth right. Big, big score.

Excellent menu with plenty of variety (and tripe, if that's your thing); lots of fun and freaky beverage options, including some on the more traditional Chinese medicine side of life; and a comfortable, clean place to enjoy a quick or leisurely mid-day moment. 

Pho Cali is a certain antidote to Chinatown's spooky summertime smell. Today featured gutters gushing with skunky liquid, riddling the immediate vicinity with extreme springtime vileness. Just hold your nose, press forward along Arch St., then enter this sanctuary of pho-tastic scrumdiliumptiousness. It really is that good.
I review Pho any chance I get. Because the Pho community should always eat good Pho! With that being said, this place just didn't make the cut. I found it to be just average. Lacking flavor in the broth majorly. Just bland. Waiters not attentive and very blasé. If that makes sense. Better options: Pho75 or Pho Saigon. Although I prefer Pho Saigon.
Average pho place--I've had worse pho and I've definitely have better pho. A decent amount of seating, good prices, and a central location all make this a solid lunch spot. 

One charming part of this restaurant is that it's clearly family run--an elderly couple takes the order, serves the food, and gives the 

Probably would not order the summer rolls again--the rice wrappers were a little gummy and the filling was dry.
I love this place. Honestly, I do. It's simple and not in your face. 

The service there is pretty quick and the pho is quite delicious and hits the spot for me. 

They're very welcoming there, especially one waiter (I think he's the owner) - I come here after school sometimes when I'm starving and stuff my face with pho.
When Pho Cali first opened I heard fabulous things about it, but I was always a devote Pho75 fan.  Well Pho75 has been failing me lately !  ( go read my Pho75 review for more )  Then after a while I heard that Pho Cali wasn't so great anymore.  Well a few weeks ago.  It was a rainy MISERABLE butt numbing December afternoon, and my parents and I were making a group visit to the eye doctor on Arch Street.  We decided to just grab something HOT and quick.  So down the street to Pho Cali we went.  

Walking in this place I was turned off IMMEDIATELY.  Not that the decor was not good, or the restaurant was dirty.  It was the complete opposite for that matter.  The decor was tasteful, place was clean, and we were seated immediately even though it was PACKED, but that was the thing.  I loath eating in a place that's cramped AND packed.  I had my toddler with me and was expecting this experience to be a complete nightmare, but nightmare it was not!  The food came quickly, the staff was super friendly, and MOST importantly the pho was HOT HOT HOT!  The broth was great, and for once the noodles were NOT over cooked and mushy like most pho places.  It was a refreshing change !  It was only in the $20's for me and my parents to eat, so that was a plus also!  

But to all the Vietnamese cuisine novices out there.  If in the name of the restaurant basically tells you what they are specializing in . In this case PHO.  Do not order anything else BUT the Pho. You will be disappointed.
I know it's known for it's pho.. but I only eat Bun (vermicelli) here.

It's not the best, they give you too little sauce which leaves it dry and I find the place a bit dirty..

Yesterday I was there with 8 other people while the restaurant was packed, and there was clearly a mouse running around the restaurant. They did nothing about it..

Anyways about the bun, its one of my favorite vietnamese dishes but I've tasted better.. this place makes me want to puke after eating it.
I am a newbie at pho, but I came here with my boyfriend to try it out. We both had stuffy noses and figured some spicy, warm broth would be the best thing to have on a rainy day. We both ordered the raw steak, and started off with spring rolls. 

I loved the pho! It was very steamy and warm and I loved how you could customize it with sauces and veggies to put in. The broth was really flavorful without all the additives, and I found my nose clearing up quickly. 

The only reason why I give this place four stars was because the service was a bit slow. It took them a bit of time to box up our food and to get the check. Also, our water was only filled up once or twice. It was a bit busy, and in no way will this deter me from going back again. Overall, I was pretty satisfied!!
I wanted to try this because it's the only pho place in central Philly I haven't tried yet. So, against the recommendations of my pho companion, I headed in.

The pho broth was bland and unctuous. The meats were on the boring side (e.g. my ve don/crispy flank was more chewy and fatty, the tripe was sad-lacking that characteristic bite).

On the plus side, the bowl was ginormous! I mean, it was bigger than my bathroom sink.

There was a woman at a table in the back making dumpling/egg roll stuffing, so we thought, we should order some since they make it fresh. Well, we got 4 thin sticks with a couple slices of cucumber on a leaf of iceberg lettuce. The size was fine, but I would think they should be less than a $1 per piece. Lettuce should always be romaine. Iceberg, me no like. The egg rolls were a bit on the greasy side and not so tasty. The nuoc cham/fish sauce with carrot sauce was also too watery.

The place seemed really popular with the youngsters. The decor was high end for a pho place. They have a good selection of beer.
for a tasty, filling meal on a student budget.. it's perfect!
the interior is soothing in well coordinated earth tones.
it was crowded just enough but not too much on a saturday evening.
i left satisfied even though it's not a 5 star meal...!
This is my favorite Pho spot (mostly due to convenience... Washington Ave is a tad too far).  The staff are nice and very attentive.  You won't be left eating without water or sitting around ready to order for long.  The noodles and meat are good.  The soup can be a little bland - but good thing there's Hoisin, Sriricha, and limes.

They do accept credit cards, but there is a $15 minimum.  As for alcohol, they do have a few beers in their refridgerator in the front, but this isn't really a restaurant to drink alcohol in.

During the late afternoon/early evening times, the owner's kids are at the restaurant, sometimes playing and being loud towards the back of the dining area, but that does not bother me.
Went in last night for some pho with my girlfriend. Ordered the #7 and #16 and fried spring rolls(basically eggrolls) out comes the pho, no fried spring rolls in sight. The broth was good, the raw beef came out cooked instead of being cooked in the broth when being brought out, making it very tough to chew. The flabk steak was definitely either been sitting there a long time or was also overcooked.

Looks like the staff in the back are not vietnamese. Overall an "okay" experience.
We visited Pho Cali while showing a few new hires around Philadelphia. They were very accommodating considering 11 of us just showed up with no reservation. They sat us right away and brought out waters for everyone. The waitress was polite and very helpful, answering all of our questions as many of us never had pho before. 

We got 2 different kinds of springs rolls for appetizers. Both of which were delicious. Again, the waitress was very helpful, ensuring that we knew which dipping sauce was for which spring roll. She also warned us when we ordered pho containing tripe (cow stomach), making sure that we knew what it was and weren't just blindly picking things off the menu. Some might see that as an insult, but she knew we were novices and we appreciated her advice.The Pho noodles were perfect and the broth was deliciously spicy. All in all the experience was very good and I'd definitely stop back in again.
Step into the brightest dining room in Chinatown, with enough kilowatts going on to illuminate a Phillies night game.  The food is also bright with their pho (fuh) giving diners some idea of why this Vietnamese wonder is not just a soup.  The hours of arduous toil that go into making a genuine pho results in a fullness in the mouth that suggests the liquid is rife with more solid fare, and maybe on a microscopic scale that is true.  Hours and hours of simmering with myriad and exotic ingredients must imbue it with the something special that makes it what it is; chuck, knuckle bones, oxtail, rock sugar, marrow, star anise, coriander, separate charring of the the ginger and onions, not something you just throw together.  I usually order the beef pho, the Pho Tai with the raw beef on the side.  The plate of bright red paper thin dead lean rib eye looked more like a Wyeth painting than real beef.  I douse mine with fish sauce and drop a slice at a time into the piping hot broth watching it change color before my eyes plucking it out still rare, barely dip it in a mix of hoisin and sriracha and slurp it in.  Amazing!  Their crispy spring rolls, not that much bigger than a AA battery are among the better ones in Chinatown, the summer rolls excellent too.  Their one dessert, a mango bubble tea-like drink features a mango slush that puts Rita's to shame with the black "tapioca" pearls sitting at the bottom and you can suck them up, or not, with the drain pipe sized straw they provide.  Pho the reason to go to Cali and theirs is definitely worth the trip.
Instead of having a famous Philly cheesesteak during our day-trip to Philadelphia, my friends and I decided to eat pho for dinner.  After weeks in DC with subpar Asian food, finding Chinatown in Philly was like an oasis in the desert, so we decided to pick Pho Cali at random to try.

I'm not sure if it was the hunger, the Vietnamese food deprivation, or if we just got lucky, but the food here is pretty good.  The broth is nice and flavorful, and everyone got a nice portion of noodles.  As a spoiled Bay Area/California girl, I can't say I was happy with the portion of meat, but it wasn't bad.  We also ordered some boba milk tea, which tasted pretty good.  Probably made from milk tea packets though so if you're not a fan of pre-made milk tea, don't get it.  Only issue was the boba probably made earlier in the day so it was a little softer that usual and some boba stuck together in clumps.

Friendly, attentive service and great food.  Nice place to stop by after a long, touristy day in Philadelphia.
Best Pho I have ever had. I really only have the chance to eat it when I'm in Hawaii, and it is very good there as well. The summer rolls are the  same as everywhere, but the Pho #1 house special with a bit of everything was huge, cheap, and delicious.
I've been to quite a few Pho places in the city and this is hands down the best! Pho is delicious and authentic, Hoagies are perfect, spring rolls are hot and crispy every time, and the Coffee is amazing! Never had a bad dish here. My go to Pho spot
Such a disappointment of a pho restaurant place. It was on the way back from our walk at Independence Hall to our hotel so we stopped in to get dinner. We both ordered the combination pho to eat and let me tell you it was awful. The broth is orange and so gross! They give you very little meats. 

It's not worth $10.50 for what you get. 

We ended up leaving and ordering pizza later that evening. The garnishes are anything but fresh and they give you two tiny dry lime pieces. 

The cups of water was so small and no one came back to refill our cups. 

At check out, I was told cash only, and not only that the lady took our money, gave us change and walked away. No one ask how our visit was, and no thanked us for coming in. I understand Vietnamese and it sounds like the couple was arguing. Such a terrible way to run a business! Would not recommend at all.
The bun bo hue was the worst I've ever had. The broth was bland and for toppings all I received was a few thin slices of beef and tendon. Worst of all, the noodles weren't even cooked through. I ended up having to recook my leftovers the next day with more seasonings. A serious waste of money.
Hit this place up for some dinner with my boyfriend the other night before heading across the street to the Troc. It had been about a year and a half since my last (and first!) Vietnamese dining experience, so let me get this embarrassing story out of the way first: After we'd placed our orders, a server brought us bowls of what we thought was soup. Well. If you often eat Vietnamese, you know this is the sauce for the noodles. I'll wait for your laughter.

I got the vermicelli with grilled beef and a spring roll. Quite delicious. Boyfriend got the same sans spring roll. Charming little place with a relaxed atmosphere and great noodles. And little to no judgment for our soup-sauce screw up. Aces.
Chicken pho is my guilty pleasure without the guilt. I come here regularly to get a fix of a hot steamy bowl of this wonderful soup. The decor is simple, pleasant and not distracting. I like to order spring rolls and pho, which is more than enough to satisfy my hungry belly.
As always I am in search of a good Pho place. Upon my arrival I wasn't impressed by the friendliness of the person taking my to go Order. Maybe just a bad day :). 
I ordered a Large Pho Ga and spring Rolls to go. Flavor was good but nothing amazing. A bit greasy to my taste. 
Also had some Spring rolls: which apparently are fried. I learned that spring rolls and summer rolls are not always the same everywhere in the US. 
Clean place inside. 
Fairly modern on the inside, outside will fool you.
Before Yelp Pho was one of those things I simply had no idea about. Now I'm finally starting to see the light and realize what all of the fuss is all about. I may be an amateur to the point  that for some reason I thought my shrimp vermicelli was going to be a bun like dish and not a soup without broth, but I liked this place enough to feel it's worthy of some better reviews.

Philly has a lot of great Pho places (as I'm going to find out more about), but this one had a huge menu selection, all kinds of bubble tea (and beer on the not so down low), and Ultra quick service. we literally got our food three minutes after we ordered it. 

It's also right off the corner of Arch - making it the best stop to go before you catch a train at Market East, after you see some good art at Space 1026, or before a show at the Troc (you'll never see me in line at Wawa before a show again).

So while there's definitely bound to be better, you can't go wrong with quick fresh inexpensive food and good service.
My first experience with pho and this place was a good first choice. The big bowls of food never leave you hungry and its so affordable!. Try the bubble tea here (mango), they make it from fresh fruit as soon as you order it. Great place for groups!
Pho noodle soup taste good..... but after I ate it..... i had a SERIOUSLY SEVERE DIARRHEA!!!! almost fainted.

B/c I allergic to MSG and I think they put A LOT of MSG !!! in the soup.
I remembered this place when I visited Philly for the first time.  Now that I live here and have been to this place numerous times, I am sad to report that the quality is noticeably on the decline.  I don' t know why.  The soup base, to me, is awesome.  Just the portions are getting small and the avocado smoothie is not consistent.  ...I'm stepping away quietly but have fond memories :)
This Pho restaurant is consistently delicious and the prices can't be beat.  I'm not sure that this is "the best" Pho place in the Philadelphia area, but it is the one that I frequent the most often.  The flavor of the beef broth is complex, the sides (sprouts, limes, jalapenos, basil leaves) are always fresh, and they do a great tofu pho for the days when I'm not feeling red meat.

Also, love the older male waiter who knows my order and provides lightening fast service.  

P.S. the summer rolls are excellent.
great food! I love the beef vermicelli. good prices too.
I got introduced to this place a few years back and feel in love. Even though I get the same thing almost every time (grilled beef with egg noodle, soup on the side and one of the Vietnamese beers) I can't get enough. The service is quick, the food is on point and it's super cheap! Call me weird but I also like that when it's packed you have to sometimes sit at the same table as strangers. Whatever they're doing they're doing it right!
My mom really likes this place and comes here when she's on business. So we went when I was in town. It's take out or sit down with plenty of tables inside. They sell bubble tea in addition to vietnamese food and beer. I ordered grilled beef bun which is vermicelli with the clear sauce with carrots in it plus. Noodles with cucumbers, carrots, mint and grilled beef were thrown into a large bowl. It was a lot of food. Ate most of it. My mom ordered the chicken pho. It was much better than expected. Huge portion with good chicken which tasted like they were boiled before being throw into the soup. Chicken was fresh chicken breast. Overall really good.
My wife and I like pho, and have had it in lots of places, from excellent to terrible. A week ago we went to Pho Cali and had very good beef pho and shrimp pho. The decor is lousy, and the tables are pitted and cracked, but beauty isn't that important to us, in fact, usually the worse the place looks, the better the pho tastes.

So, last Saturday we went back with our daughter and had shrimp pho again, chicken pho, and roast chicken over broken rice, and they were all not great. The chicken in the chicken pho tasted freezer burned, the roast chicken in the roast chicken over broken rice was dry and flavorless, and the shrimp pho was not nearly as good as before. And on TOP of that, as we were eating, the owners decided to assemble new tables in the back of the restaurant with power tools. 5 feet from our head, ZZZZZZZZT! ZZZZZZZZT! Over and over at least a half an hour. This is a small place, and the noise was terrible. The owner looked at us, shrugged and half apologized, saying that they're open all the time, and they have to do it during the business day. But at 5pm on a Saturday night?? 
This showed terrible disrespect to us and the rest of the customers, of which there were a dozen or so. 

The combination of bad food and disrespect from the owner has made us decide to not come back. There are better places. 

Sorry Pho Cali, I really wanted to like you, too.
3.5 stars!!!! The pho is delish. I can definitely taste the msg but the flavor of the beef broth is seasoned well. The broth has a deep beef taste with a cilantro back note. The pho is loaded with a great amount of fresh meat and topped off with onion garnishes. The onions are paper thin that they cook into the broth of your pho. The pho is instantly a tad bit sweeter from the onions. 

However, I personally did not enjoy the spring roll exterior. The spring rolls had the texture of egg rolls rather than the spring rolls that I expected. However, I loved the filling of the spring roll. The meat inside the spring roll was super juicy and loaded with great flavors. When you take a bite of the spring roll you expect the filling to be that of an egg roll due to the exterior. However, the spring rolls are loaded with thick juicy meat. The meat has a lot of fat in it so in return the meat melts in your mouth. I do wish they served a bit more of the seasoned vinegar fish sauce with their rolls.
A slightly expensive, but decently clean version of pho and the waitstaff here makes up for the differences in size by being super-friendly. The appetizers are good, too, nice and hot, and the bubble tea actually isn't that bad. 

While the pho soup itself isn't too different from most places, it isn't as bland as I would've expected (there are far worse in my experience), and the staff was more than kind enough to get me more bean sprouts when asked.
This restaurant thrives only because of its location.  Sadly, because it is situated closer to the high-volume area of Market street, it gets more business in spite of the fact that there are cheaper restaurants with much better food right around the corner.

But forget about the competition--let's evaluate this place for what it is, and particularly, for the Pho they serve.

The Pho is average, perhaps slightly above average, but nothing exciting.  The menu does not present much variation on how you can order the Pho.  When the Pho arrives...it's passable, but not all that flavorful.  The vegetables were not the freshest I've seen, although I've seen worse.  I also tried some of the other dishes here.  In my opinion they were significantly more bland than the Pho.

This place may seem cheap, but like I said, there are cheaper places right around the corner serving better food.  It's a 3-star place...the bottom line is that there's absolutely no reason anyone should eat here when there are 5-star places, cheaper, a few blocks away..
This place always looked interesting, so I finally stopped in about a year ago and haven't stopped coming. My favorite thing to order is a hoagie and for $3.25, it's an extremely amazing deal. The bun and pho are great, too, but the hoagies and summer rolls keep me coming back. 

Just a note, they only take credit cards for orders over $15, so just fyi.
I tried this place just for the fun of it. I started to another time, but had a change of heart at the last minute. So I take a seat and look over the menu and I got some pho. I think I'm forever spoiled by the customary teapot @Pho75 because now I'm really let down when I don't get one. Instead I ordered iced tea.

Okay now about the pho... on the side they gave me a half of a HALF of a lime. I'm used to at least getting a half. And I was given 2 slices of jalapeno (or was it chili pepper?) and bean sprouts, but NO LEAVES! When I eat pho I perform a ritual and I can't do ritual without the leaves (and the tea)! So I squeezed as much juice as I could from that 1/4 lime and added my hoison. They put more lime in my iced tea (the tea was great!) than on the garnish plate.

The bowl was a little bigger than what I'm used to, but it also costs a little more. It was good, but the vegetables were sparse. The leaves would've done so much justice. With a bigger bowl, there should be a bigger portion. There was enough meat for my satisfaction and the noodles were right. The extra broth was no substitute for the things that come standard at the other places I've been. I added the bean sprouts to the leftover broth, but it was just  too much.

I liked the atmosphere at Pho Cali. There were a number of business people on lunch in there. The chairs are a little more comfortable than what I'm used to and there was a variety of seating (tables for 2, 4, and high chairs at the windows).

I probably won't be back here for pho... maybe something else. I wanted to try one of their specialty drinks, but I was scared because when I asked them what's what I never know what they're talking about. I'm thankful they had iced tea and that it was good.
It was perfect weather for pho. Rainy and not so nice. Some good warm soup was what I wanted to warm my bones. But unfortunately for me, I only had a few bucks on me, and Pho Cali's minimum credit card order was something like fifteen bucks. Blah. So instead, I got a bahn mi.

And while the taste was pretty good, the portion was pretty skimpy. Most of the time, a bahn me fills me up appropriately, but upon getting to my friends place, I devoured a bunch of hummus. Yeah, the four dollar price was nice, but raise it a buck and give us some more food. Or call it a bahn mi appetizer or something.
Surprise Surprise. 

I visited Pho Cali Vietnamese restaurant before, but that was in October 2013 in Atlantic City, NJ. Fast forward to November 2013, and here I was walking into Pho Cali again, not knowing that I've already been to the Atlantic City location a month earlier. I was trying to carb load the night before the 2013 Philadelphia marathon with a friend of mine. We strolled through Chinatown after getting our packets at the expo and noticed this place on 11/16/2013. I was like okay, why not, not dawning on me that it was the exactly the same restaurant, but they actually have 2 locations. It was unreal, when I saw their menu, and they had an Atlantic City location. It was shocking to say the least. Lol. But anyway, Pho Cali is a hidden gem in the heart of Philadelphia's Chinatown. While I already have had Pho in Philadelphia on my quest to have Pho in all 50 states, it was always good to have Pho anywhere at any time.

Pho Cali Vietnamese restaurant is centrally located on the intersection of Arch Street and 10th Street, in city center Philadelphia. Definitely a hidden gem for sure, the restaurant wasn't crowded when we went there  at about 6:30pm on a Saturday night. We sat at one of the tables on the left hand side of the restaurant. The service was quick and abrupt, as you may have known with Vietnamese restaurants anyway. They wait for you at your table till you decide to order. When they know you are indecisive, they just turn around and walk away and give you time to decide. It's just rude, but that's how the staff are most of the time. I ordered the deluxe combination Pho, whereas my marathoner friend, who was Vietnamese, rattled something off in Vietnamese, and the server disappeared off into the kitchen to plug in the order. The conversation here was good. The ambiance was good for Vietnamese, not too quiet, but not loud either, which was perfect. She ultimately got a rice plate with a meat of some sort, and shrimp summer rolls (or spring rolls, in this part of the country).

We both shared the shrimp rolls and it was good. It was made to order and not frozen cold to the touch. The Pho itself was served in a gigantic bowl, but only  1/2 of it was actual broth, meat, and vegetables. The bean sprouts they give is small and not real generous, along with the basil, but what can you do. I probably should have asked for more, but meh. I was tired and hungry. The broth was pretty good with flavor and there wasn't that much meat to begin with anyway.  The prices here are pretty reasonable, although you get what you pay for, which isn't really much. I would say that the Pho itself was pretty good and delicious, but it would be better with more noodles and meat, along with the more generous portion of bean sprouts and basil to make it an epic sized portion of Pho. Service, as mentioned before was okay. They refilled our water once before we finished our meals and we got up to pay. It took us maybe 30 minutes from sitting down to leaving. It was pretty quick.

They take credit cards, so that was pretty good. If you are in the mood for Vietnamese, you can give this place a shot, although there are a few places in Philadelphia Chinatown to try first before giving this place a shot. My overall experience was average. If you wanted a quick meal of Pho, this is your best bet. Simple and meaningful without overspending, this is your place to be. 

No muss or fuss.

Support local!

B-
Absent service, okay Vietnamese, typical atmosphere. Pretty standard.
This is my favorite place to get pho in Philadelphia. The service is always fast and extremely attentive, and the food is fantastic. I'm not really a traditional pho person, but I do love me some bun (that sentence looks so embarrassing in English, I admit.) Anyway, "bun" is basically pho without the broth, and that works for me. I prefer the Bun Thjt Nuong, which is shredded pork and vegetables over vermicelli, or the Bun Cha Gio Thjt Nuong, which adds a fried spring roll into the mix.

Honorable mentions: great spring rolls, awesome Vietnamese iced coffee, and pretty decent bubble tea.

Along with ice water, hot tea is free with the meal -- but you have to ask for it.

I only took off one star because they have an annoying, arbitrary "minimum" for credit/debit card payments.
MMM! This was my first experience trying Pho and I loved it.  The meal was inexpensive, service was fast and good, and it was delicious. For those of you who were like me yesterday, with no knowledge of what this is.. it's basically a bowl of soup (that you can add sauces into to make it as spicy/sweet/etc. as you want.) In the soup there is chicken or beef, whichever you choose, then piles of rice noodles.  They give you a plate of herbs and little veggies to put in there too.  IT WAS DELICIOUS, and very filling.
Second time here, and the pho is amazing each time!!! It seems as though as soon as you entered you are greeted, seated, given water and a menue to order all within a minute! The food serving size is always more than enough for my greedy husbands eyes, fresh and served within five minutes of placing the order.
Blah, I do not like it at all. 

Our orders: Deluxe Combo Pho (tendons, flanks etc) for my friend, Deluxe Vermicelli (shrimp on sugar cane, grilled pork, and some hot dog looking like thing), and an large order of spring rolls.

Strike one: When my friend recieved his pho, he thought they gave him the wrong order because of the lack of tendons. When the server came over, he looked through the pho and found two tiny pieces of tendon and said "nope, this is your order." 

Strike two: I dumped the entire bowl of the carrot vingear plus several squirts of the hot sauce and STILL no flavor and incrediblely dry noodles!I didn't like the hot dog looking- thing, and the shrimp on sugar cane was so dry .It was so horrible that I actually pushed my less than half eaten bowl away. (and I once ate a fistful of dirt as a dare back in 8th grade.. so that is bad!)

Strike three: We order 8 fried spring rolls as an appetizer (the waiter said they are very small ) and they didn't arrive til way after we begun our main course. The spring rolls are available at 4 for 4.50 or 8 for 7.50. I got full after 2 and a half roll and that made me mad because if I were to just get an order by myself, not only do I have to pay over a dollar for each roll but i would have 1 and a half roll just sitting there. It would be a lot easier to just make a bigger rolls or have an order of just 2 rolls. 

The two stars are 1. for the history of pho in the back of the menu and 2. because i am nice.

Please people... get up off your lazy butt and walk an extra step to get better food for a cheaper price.
Not bad.......not good, in my opinion. It was mediocre. We ordered Pho Ga, an order of spring rolls, and I had chicken on top of rice. Honestly, the chicken did not taste like quality chicken--at all....and my tummy isnt feeling too well at the moment. Matt loved his pho, so no complaints there. The spring rolls were o-k. The staff is friendly and the food is cheap. If you go to Pho Cali- stick with the pho!!!!
i don't care what y'all say, I like this place.  yes, it's convenient and in a lucky corner location.  but i've always found the food to be good and consistent. it always comes out fast.  service is attentive, quick, and friendly.  they're not afraid to talk to you.  the prices can't be beat.  their limeade rocks.  sure, the food could be better.  sure, it may be nice if the staff's kids weren't running all over the place.  but that's what gives this place its charm.  in a way.  if you order the grilled pork, it comes out weirdly thinly sliced and somewhat shredded. that is a bit strange.  but i usually get pho or bun and i've always been good with everything i've ordered.  if anything, it's a good standby.
Oh poo. What used to be such a grand place and one of my favorite Pho spots has turned into a bit of a let down.

I think the overall taste of the Pho (I had the rare and well done steak and tendon), as well as the service has decreased. While it was still tasty, it was definitely not nearly as good as they once where. I've had better at various Pho spots across the city. They don't give you any size options and you really don't get as much as you used to in terms of noodles and meat.

I had even ordered Pho for lunch here (as noted in my previous review) and received overflowing containers of delicious Pho stock,  noodles, and meat. They definitely put more in my lunch order than what I had in my bowl a few days a go. What happened?!
Absolutely love Pho Cali!
I go here once a week for a quick lunch break from work and am never disappointed. The service is very quick. I always order the Rare Steak Pho and a coconut drink. The  broth is extremely flavorful- i personally load up on sriracha sauce, brown sauce (hoisin sauce i believe), and a good squeeze of one lime. They give a good amount of meat. If you are extra hungry ask for more noodles because sometimes the one portion that they give out is not enough. 
If you like coconut get the drink as well! Refreshingly sweet and comes with chunks of coconut at the bottom. Very good.
Simple and no frills. Lunchtime is filled with business folks, construction workers and locals alike. Banh mi's are also $4.50- how could this NOt be awesome.
I am still a fan of this place. It's really cheap and the food here is delicious. That being said, I hate it when the restaurant makes it known that they're waiting for you to get out. The place closed at 10:30 and they had the door locked by 10:20. We were the last group there, and it's not like we were sitting around and talking, because we had just finished our food and were taking care of the bill. They had their music on, had already started cleaning, and the kitchen staff was staring extra hard like we were planning on ordering something else. That's all well and good, but don't make me feel like I'm wasting your time when the restaurant isn't even officially closed. We walked out the door at 10:28 and they locked it behind us.

However, I just have to give it 4 stars because of the cheapness and the deliciousness of all the food! The service leaves something to be desired, but I'll be here again and again if the menu remains the same.
I came here for lunch and I'm glad I did. I decided to carry out some pho and it was just as good as eating in. My coworkers were jealous and I was extremely full and happy. 

I was a bit worried because it took me about 20 minutes to get down there from work and with a hour lunch, I didn't know if I would have time, but after ordering my food it only took them 5 minutes to have it ready. And it was delicious. I received a huge portion of pho and could barely finish it all, but forced myself to do it. Waste not want not. This is definitely a place I will go to for when craving pho for lunch (or dinner). It's quick and cheap, and a delicious filling meal.
I love this place for a quick, inexpensive Pho fix. I usually get the vermicelli instead of the traditional Pho, with the grilled beef and spring roll (#53) and it's always the best. Hands down, the best grilled beef at any Pho place I've been to so far (it's not chewy and doesn't taste like it's been boiled first). The spring rolls, too, are perfect and crispy. If only the places on Washington Ave. could get it right like this place! 

The service is fast and friendly for the most part, although I would avoid it at it's peak (Noon) to avoid any service pitfalls that could easily occur at any packed place. Nevertheless, the #53 keeps me coming back time and time again.

I recently went for lunch and got the Pho with crispy flank steak and I had to update my review because it was so delicious. The broth wasn't too fatty, nor was the steak. Once again, Pho Cali has exceeded my expectations and I'll be coming back for more :) 

Special Note: They have beer, which comes in handy because in order to pay with a card, you have to spend more than $10.
My Philly pho go to! Right around the corner from the greyhound station and always makes for a quick meal getting off your bus or right before you leave. They're quick so you'll be in and out within half an hour or less, depending on how fast you eat. My #1 spot is still on Washington Ave but if you're looking for something that's not as out of the way, I'd recommend Pho Cali for sure! It will not disappoint!
Pho Cali: fuck yeah.

Pho Cali was my first experience with pho, so maybe I have Cali-tinted glasses on whenever I eat anywhere else, but I haven't found a place I prefer.

The pho is great.  The broth is really flavorful and rich, and I have always gotten a generous helping of whatever meat I ordered.  Every bowl of pho comes with a plate of bean sprouts, Thai basil, limes and jalapenos, and there's an amazing house chili sauce in little jars.  I've also wandered outside the pho section on the menu to try the grilled pork with rice (it is actually fantastic; make sure you dump the carrot vinegar sauce on top) and the pork vermicelli (frankly, I was disappointed by the vermicelli when compared to their other offerings soooo).

There is also a really large selection of drinks: beer, bubble tea (so good, so GOOD), soda, different kinds of tea and coffee.

Aaaand pricing!  All entrees are 6.50$ to 9.00$, and you will be STUFFED.

Service has always been exceptionally quick here.  If I order, I usually get my meal within seven minutes.

I don't really give a shit about 'ambiance' while I eat (as long as it doesn't include roaches), but Cali is nice!  Clean, small, with dark wood tables and ever-present K-Pop playing.  Go for one of the high window tables so you can people-watch as you munch.

I see a lot of Yelpers had 'miss' experiences here, which I'm mad confused about (I have been to Cali dozens of time and never had a bad day), but so it goes.  The one heads-up is that the credit card minimum is 15$, and unless you are Cookie Monster you are not gonna put that away on your own.
Foods, services, prices...worst ever... Sorry, but it's that bad... Summer rolls are like a joke...
Since I'm tight on time today, I stopped here instead of taking the bus to pho75 or walking to Pho 20 (don't judge) I walk in and I'm greeted immediately then waved to a table.  The man has water & menu in hand. I know what I want, so now I'm just waiting for him to return. I order plain pho, no meat. I said no meat 2x. A women to works there and thinks she knows what I want. I said no meat & she says something I don't understand. They man brings back a small bowl of pho with vegetables and tofu (I got vegetarian pho instead of plain pho with no meat). I'm game, so I taste it. OMG, bland! I add lime, sriracha, no fish sauce anywhere. The broth is not very good, but I kind of enjoyed getting vegetables.  

The place filled up fast, the bowls came flying by. Great location & service. Broth is a non-starter.
I've had better Pho, but the customer service and friendly wait staff make me want to come here every time I want Pho. I also really love the shrimp & pork rolls. Definitely stop by. It's a very welcoming place on a cold day. It's especially nice to go there straight from the greyhound station.
I've been here three times and each time, I tried something different because I wanted to see if they can do better than just PHO.  So, if you want pho, get it here.  Their broth is flavorful.  I tried their bun bo hue; the broth is slightly flavorful but it lacked spiciness.  I do not recommend getting broken rice with grilled pork (com tam thit nuong) here.  Their rice is not broken rice, regular jasmine rice.  As for the pork, it was shredded; WHY?  It should be in cutlets.  There are too many vietnamese restaurants in Philadelphia for this place to be mediocre.  If you're not selling service, you must sell quality food.
We ordered take out pho and asked for extra brown sauce....the owner was so rude and refused to give us extra sauce. We left our food there because the customer service was absolutely horrible. There are so many better pho places in Chinatown then this one! Bad experience!!!!!!
Mmm...fresh pho is a wonderful thing.  The soups here are comfort food for me.  Service is fast, and they are open late.
This is the best pho I've had in Philadelphia. Huge portions and they bring out a large variety of things you can add to your pho.
You can ask them to make the pho with veggie broth instead of meat stock without it being a big deal which is nice.
If you like pho I would recommend this place!
We tried 2 types of bahn mi and the bun (always a favorite) with pork. All terrific. We will definitely be back!
I don't think I've ever had vietnamese food quite like this. There's lots of viet places around philly, most are on washington ave and you can't go too wrong with any of them. I've been to Pho xe lua in chinatown, and while it isn't quite as good, it'll satisfy my pho/ broken rice cravings. Pho cali, however, was just... terrible. My friend got the pho and while he isn't too picky, i could tell from looking that it wasn't that great. It was also expensive for pho. I got broken rice with grilled pork. Not that hard, right? I make it at home all the time; marinade the pork and grill it. This place, however... I don't know what was going on. The pork was just.. salty. Did not have that balance of flavors from the lime and fish sauce it should've been marinated in. I get full pretty easily too from almost every broken rice dish I've eaten but, for once, I left still pretty hungry... It was also pricey as heck! I can get it much cheaper at almost any other viet restaurant, I felt somewhat offended by their pricing here, especially with Pho xe lua right now down the street.. The waiter also did not have any napkins on the table so I had to ask. And when he brought me a fork and spoon, he shoved it in my face,  expecting me to take it from his hand... First off, it should have been on the table along with napkins. Second, put it on the table, don't shove it in my face. Go somewhere else for viet food. This place is a rip off and the service sucks.
I used to love this place. It was my favorite pho place in the city. Then i had this transcendent experience in Montreal in a little basement  restaurant where i had the best pho ever and now everything is just a little less impressive. 

Pho Cali is still my favorite in the city, but i would like less clumpy noodles and larger meat portions and a richer broth to create the ideal pho experience. Also, they have a chili paste instead of the chili in oil that i am used to. I prefer the oil.
We were looking for some banh mi to go and this was one of the places in Chinatown that took credit card. We tried to order two beef banh mi sandwiches, which came out to ~$9, but they have a &15 credit card minimum, so we ordered some Thai tea to go as well. While we were waiting for the sandwiches to be prepped, we sipped on the small Thai tea. It was pretty good, but they filled it with a lot of ice, so there wasn't much tea. By the time I finished the tea, the sandwiches were ready. The good thing about this place is that the food came out fast, but let me tell you about the banh mi sandwich. It was very dryyyyyy... I should've kept the Thai tea so that it would help to swallow the dry bread and dry meat. The pickled carrots and onions helped to give the sandwich a little flavor, but it was not very enjoyable. It seems this place is good for their pho, but not for their banh mi sandwiches.
Whenever I have a pho craving this is my spot. The food comes out crazy fast (like within 5 minutes) and is hot and delicious. I always get a bubble tea with my pho as well, definitely recommended to quell the temperature of the pho and the spice from the must add ingredient, sriracha.
A small restaurant in a convenient location.  This was the first time I experienced pho; my fiance has tasted pho in many places, and said I would not be disappointed.  I now cannot eat enough pho!I enjoyed the food here and have been back multiple times.  The broth of the pho is well balanced with good flavoring, and the bean sprouts/basil are always fresh.  I have tried the flank steak, tofu, and shrimp pho...all very good.  The staff is friendly and service is fast.  I have also done take out, and tastes just as good, they package it well.  Pho now is on my list of comfort food (Recently, I tried pho in southern california...excellent, but this place definitely does compare) A worthwhile place to check out for sure!
i go to this place when ever i'm in town,i like the hoagies,spring rolls ,and the bubble tea is pretty interesting,i also like the pho,all reasonably priced.i like the ambience,always  get a seat and recommend it to my friends and coworkers.staff was pretty nice and asked if we wanted a refill when our water went down.
I'm from the land of pho "San Francisco" and I can honestly say this place is photastic!! I have to eat pho like once a week (I'm pretty much addicted) and I'd come here time and time again. Always consistent. Taro Bubble tea is sooooo good. Enjoy your pho peeps!
A small & convenient pho restaurant in Chinatown. Quick service, fast food & my water seemed to always get refilled as it reached the halfway point in my cup. Not the best pho I've had, but it sure hits the spot. Their taro bubble tea is absolutely delicious! I would definitely recommend this to everyone. 

Portions, as other people have stated are very generous. My small tai pho was the size of a large at other restaurants. The broth is pretty clear, & they sure do give you a lot of it. The onions in the pho, to my dismay are sometimes either too raw or too cooked where they get to the point of mush. Decent noodle to meat ratio, sometimes my bowl has too much of one, & too little of the other. The owners are also very nice, every time I've been here, the owner has always been my waiter. Been here a couple of times, & I've never been disappointed. It's nice to have some pho options in Chinatown instead of having to drive all the way over to Washington Ave.
I haven't had Vietnamese before, so I was looking forward to eating here, especially after hearing positive reviews from coworkers. One coworker mentioned it didn't compare to vietnamese he has had in the past but thought it was good. others were more positive. So, my take is the place is okay but it is far from great, regardless of how it compares to other Vietnamese restaurants. One big thigh for me is that I hate cilantro and their soups are loaded with cilantro. The rice noodles were great but the broth was no flavorful enough in my opinion. All that said, I would possibly (maybe) go back.

They have a minimum card charge, so being cash if you're going alone or with a party and want separate checks.
Affordable price and delicious pho! Soup was pretty good, even though I had pho with better soup before. My only wishes would be to have better soup and better black, fish sauce - I like the standard bottle ones Vietnamese restaurants usually have. Food came out quickly. One bad thing is that the toilet in this restaurant doesn't flush well - also in woman's room (my gf told me).

But I really like this place. I will come again to eat delicious pho and become super full and satisfied.
Whenever my girlfriend and I are craving for pho, we always come here since it's convenient for us. It's a small restaurant, and it's not any different from any other typical Vietnamese pho spot. With that being said, the service is meh, but I never have high expectations regarding service at any Vietnamese restaurant anyway, especially if the restaurant specializes in pho. So let's get to the point, is their pho good enough to satisfy my craving? It does in the least bit, nothing terrible though.
Giving this a five to counter act the lower ratings, but probably more of a four.  Great price - 6 bucks for a big bowl of pho.  The service was great - they kept the water glasses filled up which was perfect because I definitely put too much hot sauce in my pho.

Definitely a place worth stopping at for an inexpensive meal if you are in the 10th and Arch area.
I've been coming here for 10 years and am never disappointed with the summer rolls and the grilled pork hoagie. This is a great meal for under $10.
I absolutely love this place! A friend recommended this location, and I can see why. They have great pho. My favorite is the chicken pho with extra hoisein sauce, and their spring rolls. The people who work here are always so friendly, and they always remember my order. Since coming to this place a year ago, I have recommended 8 friends and have even taken my mom here. My mother lives in Nj, but begs me to bring her delicious pho from here home when I visit. I highly recommend this place! You feel like a better person after eating here because their pho heals you. I will continue to keep coming back here until they close, or I move.

Also, I do take out from here a lot. Just today I ordered the chicken pho, turned to sign my bill, and someone brought out my to go. In and out in 2 minutes.
Honestly 3.5 stars but I'll round up for gp. 

Stopped here after a friend and I trekked down to go to choo choo only to find out it's closed on Wednesdays! 
 
Anywho after searching the streets of Chinatown looking for a viet/ Thai place we found pho Cali. The place was barren but had a decent enough yelp rating so we gave it a try. The woman took our orders quickly and we received our food just as quick. I was happy to have her answer my questions as I don't typically get pho. I found out that luckily you can get vegetable broth subbed in in place of the beef or chicken pho. SCORE! Most places only have beef broth which is why I never bother getting pho. 

The veg pho was huge and decently priced. And the summer rolls were adequate. 

Nothing was bad, but it just wasn't amazing. I don't want food from there just thinking about it. Not like choo choo.... But I'd def go back if the pho mood struck while down there, on a Wednesday , again lol.
I am not a big fan of the pho here. It isn't completely horrible. The meat is usually pretty good and the noodles are the perfect portion but the broth is seriously lacking. It taste too much like water. Other than the imperfect pho everything else is ok. The service is good and the location is very convenient
