As a Viet person I would definitely say this place is authentic.  We came here on a Sun afternoon and there was no wait.  Place is big and clean.  Bathroom modern appearing.

Overall I like the pho here.  There is many variety and even a "customize" your own way option.  I like the #2 pho chin nac and tai because it has the leanest options of meat.  The broth is savory.  Please add veggies, lemon, hoisin sauce and sriracha.  This really make the soup come alive.

I also recommend the rice dish with grilled pork and egg quiche.  It is large savory and has a great taste.  The fish sauce gives it nice flavor and grill meat moist.

Also had the Bun Bo Hue.  It's a southern soup that is spicy with lemongrass.  It's ok here but not as legit as the pho.  The meat is not typical of the dish and it lacks the tangy lemongrass flavor.  However it's passable.

Overall this is an authentic place for some great pho.  Would definitely come back here again!
GOOOOOOOOOD MORNING VIETNAM!!  

Simply the best Pho I have tasted so far on this side of the river. Yes I said the best, as I am still a novice to the" Pho" scene.  I am sure if I ventured off to Vietnam I bet I could find something similar. There is one though but they are located in New Jersey, but again like I said on this side of the river , Pho Ha is on point . 

Bold statement?  Yes, yes it is, but find me another spot better.   I have been to the other one on Delaware Avenue,  so yes I am sticking to what I said.  

Pho Ha is as authentic and traditional when it comes to Vietnamese food.  I just don't know what it is, but on this side of the river they beat out surrounding "Pho" joints. 

Pho Ha makes everything with the freshest ingredients, along with that amazing broth. That warm inviting aroma  that comes off that larger than life bowl. The egg noodles, or rice (which ever you like) that is laying in there with different add ons waiting for you to slurp it up.  The different condiments you can add to your soup to that will bring it to a whole different level. This will pretty much will enhance the flavor even more. Trust me you can't go wrong, with the extra scallions added for good measure.  Plus if you go with any type of pork or steak , this will bring it again to a different level.  Different levels of deliciousness in a bowl made just for you!  I LOVE IT and so will you !!

The quality and quantity is unbelievable, their large bowl will feed 2 people. Maybe 3 if you include  a small child. The menu if you want to venture away from the Pho, also looks amazing.  

The establishment is clean, the service can be a little slow though. That is a minor flaw that I am really not to worried about, seeing what they serve and how its made. I can look past it , and so can you. The prices alone are cheap,  it almost feels like you are taking advantage of them. 

Pho Ha is "Pho-Real" !  (Yes that was corny, but they are the best in Philly)
We've been getting takeout from Pho Ha for quite some time now. It has become our trusted spot for Pho and especially Bun Bo Hue. 

The broth for the Bun Bo Hue has just the right amount of spiciness, sourness, and saltiness. I haven't found another place that makes better Bun Bo Hue than them. 

The restaurant always packs the takeout orders super neatly and their portions are very generous. I just wish they would be more consistent about the fishcake in the Bun Bo Hue. Some days it comes with fishcake, but other days it might not. Please give me my fishcake!
Slightly above average pho in my book, very generous portions at ridiculously low prices, all being served to your table in the time it takes you to close your menu after you've order are all the key pluses.  

Just remember, while it might only be 60 cents to upgrade a small pho to a large pho (which is only $6.00 to begin with), the small will do a fine job of filling you up!  Enjoy!
Pho Ha is a utilitarian furnished soup shop in the heart of Philly's Little Ho Chi Minh City on Washington.  The tables and chairs are built for speed, not comfort, but given how fast they turn out a large bowl of Pho and Bun Bo Hue (weekends only), it is understandable that you will not be there very long. 

We came in around six on a Saturday evening, and the place was nearly empty.  We were warmly greeted, directed to a table, and asked for drink preferences within 60 seconds.  After ordering Pho Tai and Bun Bo Hue, we barely had time to start a conversation before the steamy aromatic pots of soup were placed before us.  Don't ask why I went with the large option because I couldn't finish even half of it.  Even the small bowl was big enough to be a goldfish pond. 

The soup was loaded with a variety of meats, veggies and noodles, floating in a richly spiced broth that tasted of secret recipe. Even my protégé, a restaurant owner in her own right, could not identify all the subtle flavors overlapping and melding with each other.  While she might attempt to concoct the Pho, she was at a loss with the Bun. Guess I'll have to return to Pho Ha if I want to be blown away by that mystical brew again, although rumor has it that it can be found in other hidden springs in the area.  

I enjoyed Pho Ha both for it authenticity and its location in the midst of the Asian community that is growing in South Philly.  It is convenient to shop, eat and even massage within a small walking area and dream that I am back in HCMC enjoying the exotic culture that is Vietnam.

Cash only. ATM in house.
Another day, another dollar. Well, six to be exact. 

After reading the rave reviews about this place, I knew I wouldn't be disappointed. So, I didn't really go here for the pho (I already knew that'd be great--which it was). Instead, I came to put their yelp-famed speedy service to the test. As soon as our server left the table with our order, I started the stopwatch. Our pho arrived at 00:47.4 seconds. I'm not even kidding. Since I'm the first one to do this, I urge the next person who eats there to beat my score. Absolutely nothing will happen if you beat it, but it'll probably be fun to see if they catch on. Next thing you know, they'll be handing you pho on your way in without even making you order. 

As we ate, our server slammed down playing cards at the corner table with fellow staffers. Whatever, this place is awesome, pho real.
Pho is essentially a hot noodle and meat soup and takes hours upon hours to make.  It's a time consuming process but the end result speaks for itself.  I should know; I've eaten it all my life.  So I enter any Vietnamese restaurant being slightly skeptical of their pho because frankly, I know a good bowl of pho from a bad one.  Trust me, I've had my fair share of bad pho and it's not good at all.  However, Pho Ha makes a damn tasty bowl of pho hands down.

I ordered the pho tai nam gau gan sach (steak, fatty flank, tendon and tripe - yes, tripe!).  It was delicious, comforting and filling - everything you want in a hearty bowl of pho.  A very well flavored broth adorned by copious amounts of meats makes me a very happy camper.  And at about $5 for an immense bowl, it was a friggin steal!  A little tip - if you ever encounter an expensive bowl of pho (like over $9), you're getting ripped off.  Pho is so NOT an expensive soup!  

The place is a mad house on weekends so plan on getting here either really early or really late.  They keep things relatively clean and moving.  Super fast service too.  My only gripe is that they're cash only.  Luckily, it's cheap as frick here.  The parking lot is fairly big but they're located in an extremely busy strip mall (on weekends) so that too can be a bit of a pain.

Would I come back?  Pho sure!
My first real pho experience! 

After comparing and contrasting reviews for several popular spots for pho, Pho Ha came out on top. You cannot beat the fact that there's parking! Free parking in the city - happy day! 

I like lean proteins and steer clear of anything outside of that category. So I took another Yelper's advice and ordered the #2, with lean beef and brisket. My dining companion, Maggie L, ordered the shrimp pho. A plate of sprouts, basil and jalapeños was set on our table, and a few minutes later, huge (and I do mean huge) bowls of pho were placed in front of us.

Y'all, it is really hard to eat slippery noodles with chopsticks and a small spoon! I probably could have done way more damage, but I essentially gave up after successfully shoveling all the protein (and only some of the noodles) into my mouth. 

Two large bowls set us back $17 (plus tip). Cash only. What a deal! Looking forward to trying this again and hoping to be a bit more successful with my technique. Open to suggestions!
The Pho experience: quick, cheap, and under fluorescent lights.  This is the best fast food you will ever have. Beef broth with noodles and various cuts of beef, a plate of Thai basil, a lime wedge, and sprouts. Add all the fixings. A healthy spoonful of red peppers, a few jalapeno. 

Grab your chopsticks and spoon, and go to town. One of the best cheap meals in the city. For that, this place is one of the best in town.
Cash only, pay at the counter. Parking here is insane during peak hours. I eventually gave up and parked four blocks away (though there were certainly spots only two blocks away, as I discovered walking back). John and Kevin opted for the pho tai chin nac, and I went for my baseline pho dac biet (#15). With acceptable tea at each table, I felt content to forego my usual ca phe sua da. The pressed glasses of condensed milk behind the counter prove that it's still a popular drink here, though. Garnish came out with our waters (very fresh veg, nothing was wilted; extra kudos for ngo gai), and the wait was reasonable with how crowded the place was.

Goi cuon were slightly on the small side, standard chopped peanuts over hoisin. Shrimp was more dominant than the jalapeno pork salad. Rice vermicelli and wrapper gave the rolls a nice chewiness, with the length of green onion cutting through just enough to tingle the taste buds.

Our pho arrived a minute or two after the rolls. A large was way too big a portion for me when my appetite was still asleep at lunch. Separating those thin slices right away is key. Broth could've used more star anise but it was nicely fatty. Rounded up to four stars because this was some of the freshest tendon and tripe I've ever had at a pho joint. I ended up having just enough left to completely fill one of the big styrofoam to-go cups; the volume of noodles is crazy. The only other thing keeping it from five stars for me is the grain cut of the lean steak, which was also the most prolific meat ingredient. Decent service, though fairly inattentive once you've gotten your order; don't expect water refills to come easily if they're busy.
I have always tried homemade Vietnamese food and this was my first time actually going to a restaurant. 
This restaurant is located inside a very busy Vietnamese shopping center. 
When we arrived there was a line of patrons waiting to be seated, we contemplated going somewhere else since we were starving but decided to waited out. To our surprised we were seated in less than 5 minutes since the turn around here its super fast.
As soon as we sat we ordered some eggrolls since I simply love them. They came out super fast and extremely hot.
I decided to go with #46 the Pho special since my lunch companion recommended and he is a regular.
I got the small since the portions here are huge and even the small was a lot for me.
The special comes with flank steak, meatballs, tripe and noodles. I really loved all of the ingredients but what I really have to rave about its the broth. Wow it was full of flavor and simply delicious.
I also got to dry the Jack fruit juice with condense milk and it was really good.

Too bad I don't live near by to come a lot more often.
BEST PHO I HAVE EVER HAD IN MY LIFE!!!

The broth was so rich, there was no flavor overwhelming the rest (this happens often), and the Sriracha blended so well! The noodles were bountiful and the perfect texture, and the flank/steak combo I chose was PERFECT. I was in heaven for a good half hour, slurping away and sniffling from the spice. 

I thought it was a great omen that the restaurant was packed with Vietnamese folk. Everyone seemed to be enjoying their meals, and when a place is packed to the brim in a Vietnamese mall with several other pho options, you know the place has to be good. 

If you're searching for a pho joint with ambiance, you're not hitting up the right place. I'm not even sure that there is such a place! It's tacky, the bathrooms are kind of lacking in toilet paper, and the waitstaff are very brisk. Their efficiency makes up for their lack of emotion, and you forget they even existed until it's time to pay tip. I am definitely planning a trip here every two weeks just to fill my stomach with this glorious soup (and maybe to hit up some Making Time parties). 

I LOVE YOU PHO HA!!!!!
Pho Ha makes pho well, makes pho fast, and makes pho cheap.

In the past decade, I've lunched here so many times that the servers recognize me. Regardless of whether they actually do or not, service is always wicked fast: they take our orders, fling them (figuratively) to the kitchen, and get our bowls of hearty deliciousness to us pronto. Of the different Vietnamese noodle soup types available, I go for a large bowl (~$5) with the works - bring on the fatty flank, tendons, tripe, and meatballs!

Pho Ha is a madhouse during weekend lunch hours when I usually go, so depending on your group's size, you may have to wait. But wait you will, once you smell their pho broth, beckoning.
Come here for pho. Period.

These guys really know their way around broth. I'm typically that girl who immediately takes hold of all the vast selection of sauces and just goes to town on that shiet....but with Pho Ha, the naturally infused flavor and fresh meats are enough that I eat it as is (okay, with a *tiny* bit of chili oil, just cus I like to live on the edge). It actually borders on the cusp of "too flavorful," if there is such a thing. This is the type of thing you will be tasting for a while even after you've finished eating. The noodles are perfectly cooked, slightly more firm than other places, so you might actually have to chew (sincere apologies to the lazy eaters out there). 

Food comes out in a heartbeat, and six measly bucks will pay for a satisfying, bulging fullness. Slightly more expensive than some establishments, but also a good bit cleaner than other establishments. Service is typically good though borderline creepy if you're a woman. 

It might not be in the most convenient location for me, but still, Pho Ha is my favorite spot for pho in all of Philadelphia. And that, my friends, is saying something.
-PARKING LOT
-CASH ONLY


Being from Orange County, California I've always grown up around a bunch of Vietnamese food. I always always crave for a good bowl of pho because it reminds me of home! This place serves a solid bowl of pho with just the right flavors. I loved the broth. However, the noodles and meat could have been better. The noodles came out a little undercooked. Luckily, the broth was so hot that by the time I was half way through my meal the noodles were a little bit softer. The meat was not as tender as I am used to. 

All in all, broth is my favorite part of pho and slurping it gives me a warm fuzzy feeling. The area of Philly that I live in has a very limited selection of asian food and the one pho place is Main St Pho. The broth at Pho Ha is MUCH better. However, I think Main St Pho has more meat. Either way, I will be back. Im so happy to have found this place. I will continue my search of the perfect pho bowl in the Philly area. Stay tuned for my next pho restaurant Yelp review haha.
So, I've been to several of the pho shops in Philly over the last year a few times, and I'm finally ready to settle down and write a nice review for the one I think is the best.  The East Coast isn't particularly blooming with good Pho, but South Philly can be a pleasant exception.  This particular shop is the only one I could find that consistently provided me with Saw-leaf herb/Ngo gai as part of the garnish plate.  

"Personally, I would not patronize a soup shop that does not, at the very least offer fresh Asian basil (and preferably saw-leaf herb)." -Mai Pham, Pleasures of the Vietnamese Table.

Since pretty much every recipe I've tried from Mai's book has been awesome, I stick to her advice on Pho shops.  It's also worth noting that the broth from Pho Ha has the telltale signs of a long simmered pot of soup rather than an enhanced bouillon broth - sediment, a prevalent mouth-feel, and a certain depth to the broth rather than a flat saltiness.

The cuts of meat you get will still be rare when they reach the table, the broth scalding hot.  This is pho 101, sure, but other places *cough* Pho 75 *cough* don't seem to always get this key point.

The tendon and crunchy flank in particular here are much better than the other pho shops in the area.  For this reason, I strongly recommend getting a mix of cuts in your soup here, even if its normally out of your comfort range.
I got some of the worst food poisoning of my life in this place several years ago and just can't fathom going back when there are so many better alternatives.   Cafe Viet Huong at 11th & Washington is just a few blocks away, has a more extensive menu and the food is way better.  Oh yeah - and it isn't filthy inside like Pho Ha.  I'll gladly pay just a little bit more to eat in a restaurant that seems to grasp the concept of hygiene.  Pho Ha is just a bit too "rustic" inside for my tastes.  Blech.
This is probably the best pho place in Philly (actually, the second best since my mom makes the best pho =P). There are all types of pho here, so whatever meat fetish you have, you should be satisfied (pho tai, or rare beef, is my favorite). Of course there are other good viet dishes available, but this place is primarily known for their pho. You get super fast service here. I also recommend getting their summer rolls as an appetizer.
There is actually nothing better than a ginormous bowl of hot pho on a chilly fall day. The pho here is nothing short of awesome and the service is prompt and friendly. The large size is only $0.50 more than the small, and the size difference is fairly significant (so go with large..) I like to have all the protein in my pho, so I ordered the house deluxe pho and it was a nice mix of soft tendons and meaty brisket. Quite the hearty meal for around $10 including tax/tip.

The location is conveniently near the Italian market, asian grocery stores, and... other pho restaurants. Not much else going on in the area, though. Also, remember to bring cash!
PHO PHO PHO PHO PHO... at this restaurant it's PHOking awesome!!! 

It's your typical Asian mom and pop shop, located in "little Saigon" of Philly. 

Pros: 
-Cheap! $7 
-Fast and friendly service
-All the condiments you want or need to dress up your Pho
-spring rolls here were fresh and oh so tasty
-the broth and the actual Pho was so good, I could have shed tears of happiness
-free tea 

Cons: 
-cash only
-other than that, there are NO other cons!
I realized I hadn't been back to Pho Ha since my previous review and had to correct that... immediately.  So today I returned, upping the ante this time with a large bowl.  While the service was not as lightning fast as I remember it, everything else held true from my previous review.  Above average pho, good portions, and low prices.  Another pro is the free hot tea.  While all the veggie fixings for the pho were fresh, I was a bit disappointed in the quantity provided - I was alone but I did get a large bowl.

Overall, since my last review I've had a chance to try a lot more pho in the city - check out the list.  Pho Ha still ranks highly in my book and is certainly recommended.
As someone who doesn't necessarily have a highly fine-tuned palate for the quality of pho broth but has a lot of Asian friends who are relatively particular about broth caliber, I tend to go to whatever pho place that my friends prefer... which often ends up being Pho Ha! 

Personally, it's not really my favorite for many reasons: it's cash only, they don't bring you the bill so everyone has to pay at the counter (call me spoiled), decor is very bare boned, and the smell of pho seems extra thick in the atmosphere somehow (tip: leave your nice jackets in your car to avoid carrying the smell with you and save yourself some dry cleaning money). Also, it doesn't make sense to me that the larger pho bowl size is like 70 cents more expensive than the small bowl; in my opinion, the small bowl is plenty filling enough for the average person but you kind of feel like you're not getting your money's worth because the price difference is so small - marketing tricks, mind you! And I have to say, on two of my visits here, there have been different mix ups with the bill where they claimed that we hadn't paid for items that we were very sure that we did. None of it was badly intended but it seemed like they sometimes have trouble keeping track of the payments.

But hey, the pho is delicious at bargain prices, and it's great for accommodating large groups, which is always a huge plus in my book. Their service is fast and efficient, and there's plenty of parking so that's something else not to worry about. Definitely worth the visit, especially in the cold winter time.
I'm a bit of a Pho snob. That's right I said it. I've been blessed with a sophisticated palette that allows me to decipher the subtle nuances of this delicious Vietnamese soup. This massive bowl of $4.95 soup that's practically fast food for most of my Korean and Vietnamese friends.

Okay, so it may not be caviar or foie gras but there's great pho and then there's blowyourfuckingmind pho. Fortunately, Pho Ha cooks up the latter.

For those unfamiliar with Vietnamese soup kitchens, they have a kind of "standardized" ambiance in the same way that you may automatically envision big, red booths when you think of a Chinese restaurant. Here's your 2 minute tour...

...You walk in, hold up your fingers to indicate the number of guests in your party. The fellow points to your spot at a long cafeteria-like lunch table. When you're ready to order (one of the 15 pho variations along with possibly a summer roll and coffee w/ condensed milk), simply point to the menu and/or shout out the number found next to the most pleasing description of soup. Two and a half minutes later, your meal has arrived accompanied by a plate of sprouts, lime basil, hot peppers and lime that you may wish or may not wish to plop in your soup. Somewhere along your bench, you'll find every condiment you'll need, from sriracha and hoisin sauces to fish oil to some spicy pepper seed thingies immersed in oil. Grab a spoon, some chopsticks and you're good to go.

Oh, and did I mention this tasty meal cost you less than $10?
Whenever I'm in the area I stop in for my #33 and summer rolls.
I was introduced to this place several months back and have been coming ever since when I'm in this area of Philly.  I'm not much of a pho fan, soup does nothing for me, but the #32 rice vermicelli bowl with bbq pork DOES do something for me!  My mouth is watering thinking about it.

I've never had a problem getting a seat immediately, I've gone with varying small "party" sizes from 2-4.  Anytime I've visited, there have always been plenty of tables to accommodate larger parties.  I'm often sat a tabletop for 6 when I have a party of 4.  Seating is not the most comfortable.  It's open air, no partitions in the dining room.  Ambiance is lacking for sure.  Thank goodness the food is good.

Service is...I wouldn't say unfriendly, but I wouldn't say overly friendly.  Efficient is the word that comes to mind.  You look at the menu, when you've done the universal sign of I'm ready to order by putting down and closing your menu, a server will come over and take your order.

Wait time for the food is very speedy.  I have tried the pho from my fellow diners, it tasted good to me, but I'm no aficionado on pho but it did have a nice rich flavor.  My #32 on the other hand makes my mouth sing with happiness!  I like my pork very well done, crisp, and thin with delicious bbq flavor.  Every time has delivered and has been consistent.  The summer rolls have always been fresh and verdant with the herbs.  The dipping sauce that comes with it is a must.  The tea is always the perfect strength - I could knock back several pots of my own (I love tea).

Ladies bathroom is TINY, like seriously tiny and dingy.
I hate the parking lot here, good luck finding a spot - and when you do, be prepared to get a few dings in your door.
After your pho, head a few doors down to get some bubble tea or a sweet drink for dessert or across the street to the grocery store for dessert!
Food is 5 stars for me, overall experience a 4.....would be 5 stars if the ambiance was better, bathroom alil cleaner, and servers would crack a smile or two.
It's good pho. I grew up eating pho made from every single relative near by. Everyone's is different but I can decipher whether a bowl of pho is good or not. The broth they have is actually very good. I like mine hot (spicy) and sour and with ALOT of bean sprouts. and If I had to choose between just the broth or just the noodles, with this place it would definitely be Broth.
I give it a five because food is good, they're fast with service and cleaning up. Great place for a quick bowl of pho.
PHO.

IT TASTES LIKE REAL PHO. IT'S NOT FO...IT'S NOT FOE...IT'S PHO. 

AND IT'S DELICIOUS. 

Plus there are two different types of Siracha on the table...spice to your liking. Love the hot noodles like they love your mouth. Die happy.
me and my g have been coming here twice a week at least and sometimes we'll get on an every-day pho ha streak. 

i think the other reviews can speak for the strengths of Pho Ha (which are basically consistently excellent pho at lightening speed). their heat broke for a couple of hours during an awful cold snap last year, and the place was still fully staffed and packed with shivering phoddicted diners in winter coats. 

i just want to add that if you're not afraid of delicious melted fat you should order the nuoc beo ("fatty scallion head broth") on the back of the menu. it's a small bowl of golden oil that collects on the surface of the broth while it's cooking, sometimes with little brown flecks and always with roasted scallion chunks. spoon some into your broth and you might not be able to handle how delicious it becomes. 

also, the fresh lime soda is o.g. grandmastyle good -- just a thick muddle of fresh-squeezed lime juice and sugar at the bottom of a glass, sided with a mini-bottle of club soda to pour over it. fresh sour delicious.
Simply the best bowl of pho I've ever eaten. Fragrant, beefy, herbal, perfect proportion of fat to slick your mouth. I ordered the #8 which had flank tendon and tripe. The large is very large, I took half home. Amazing but complex-seeming custom order option on the right side of the menu which I may try for fun someday. Also got the pork and veg spring rolls which were subtle yet definitively porky and very crunchy with pickled carrots and lettuce and a sweet chili sauce that had pork infused in it somehow. Dear God. That and a can of coke cost $12. The waiter was very sweet and accommodating. 

You honestly cannot do better in the US.
Ok. I would have given this place 5 stars if it weren't for that rat that ran across the room while i was dining there. By far, one of the best bowl Pho I ever had. Bold statement. Bold eating. Oooo rah. Oh yeah! The bowl are the size of my face.  Get the number 1 and enjoy.
This was a bowl of might tasty pho!

I was looking for somewhere for dinner near where I was staying and Pho Ha had pretty rave reviews so I decided to check it out. The restaurant itself is pretty big so there was no problem getting a table. The servers immediately gave me a menu, water, and tea which was awesome because it was cold and rainy and I was dying for a pot of tea. I ordered the chicken pho with some spring rolls (not fried) since I was super hungry, and the prices were reasonable so why not?

Service was crazy fast; I ordered and less than five minutes later my spring rolls and big bowl of pho arrived. I was pretty sure I ordered the small bowl of pho but the bowl they brought me was quite large, so I'm not sure what happened there. The spring rolls were awesome, jammed packed full of yummy ingredients, and the sauce on the side was delicious, I used some of it for my pho noodles as well. The pho broth was really good and they don't skimp on the noodles. The chicken meat was a bit hard to eat because there were a lot of bones but it was fresh and tasty. 

The only weird thing was when they brought me the check, it didn't have a total on it! I ended up going to the back where the register was located to pay and then they told me the total which was correct, but it was still strange that the check just listed what I ordered. Anyway this place has some solid pho and spring rolls for a super reasonable price. I'd definitely recommend!
AWESOME PHO!

nuff said.

oh, weekends are very crowded, but this makes a great lunch spot durring the week.
Cheap food with big portions. Always have the sauces on table to add to the Pho. 

Even though its a good place to eat don't take your friends there every other weekend. (Its been a suffering how much i've been here even though it is a good restaurant)

Added benefit is they have a parking lot for those that drive. Just beware of rush hour times because it can get filled (the parking lot)

Tip: Cash Only
Among my friends, this place is known for being ridiculously fast. The food comes out immediately. After walking in (past the incense burning in the foyer area, which I really hate), you're seated immediately at whatever free table, and you're given a menu. You order, and then the food comes out within 5 minutes. 5 minutes is probably the longest you'll have to wait. And not just for pho - my friend ordered some kind of chicken over rice dish, and it came out before our pho did. How do they do it!?

The food itself is great. Although not my favorite in the city (I really prefer Pho Saigon in terms of taste), I won't argue if anyone really wants to come here. Undeniably great broth - you really don't need to add anything (I still do, though. I need the lime). 

This place is like your standard, shabby pho place - but with better food.

Bring cash to avoid an ATM fee!
Pho Ha primarily serves Pho and vermicelli bowls.  The Pho is of a high quality and is about $6.50.  The restaurant itself is not very nice -- the tables and chairs are made of plastic and the place does not seem particularly clean.  However, you're getting high quality pho at a cheap price, so it doesn't matter.
Yes, I'm a fan.

After tasting nearly every pho place in Philly, I still think that Pho Ha (in this specific location) has the best Pho in town. With Pho, it's all about the broth and Pho Ha has a clear, condensed broth. Order #44 which comes with the tastiest flank, tendons, tripes and briskets. Instead of clouding the soup with chili and hoisin sauce, diners would benefit more from putting a few slices of jalapeno, torn basil leaves and a squeeze of lime to produce a subtle spiced broth. 

For the less adventurous, or for the ones who's less inclined to noodle soups, try #23 or #24. The popular rice dishes which comes with a lemongrass infused grilled chicken or grilled pork chop. They are both perfectly grilled to retain the meat's juiciness. Perfect for kids. And if you have a big appetite, do try their spring or summer rolls. Personally I love the summer rolls with delicate rice flour wrappings, vermicelli, pork and shrimps inside. I love shrimps and it's lower in calories. But occasionally the deep fried spring rolls hit a certain spot.

If you've never had a Vietnamese coffee before, you should definitely try one. For the more adventurous, try a coconut drink with fresh coconut that's not for everyone but the discerning few, an iced red bean drink with vaporized milk that is bound to please almost everyone or a Chinese fortified drink which is a mixed of nuts and dried fruits which people believe are good for you. 

It's not all rosy, the place can be a lot cleaner and less chaotic, but you're not paying for the decor or service, even though they are indeed friendly. The bathrooms are not in their best shapes and they close a bit too early. The prices are great though. They do use MSG which makes the food taste excellent but gives me breathing troubles especially in winter but hey, I'll still eat there even if it kills me.
I was pretty hyped about trying pho in Philly. We pass by this little Viet town every time we make our way towards Pat's. I asked a Josh V.,  fellow yelper and friend for some suggestions and this was one of them. 

Pho Ha is the corner store in this shopping lot. There's a supermarket and other various Viet stores. There's a pretty decent size parking lot but boy, nobody knows how to drive or park. Parking lanes are a bit narrow, people with large SUVs have a tight squeeze and many folks just park slanted. But the parking lot remains an upside and the street parking didn't look all that bad either.

My wife and I both ordered a large #13 on the menu. I had my pho with egg noodles, she had hers with rice noodles. We also ordered spring rolls (2), and a side order of pork chops for our son. The pho came to our table piping hot. The broth was delicious. Just thinking about it is making my mouth salvilate. The noodle portion in my opinion could be a little more especially for a large order. The amount of tendon and beef they gave was reasonably fair. It was a good bowl of pho all around. Better than any other pho I had in New York by far. My one issue with the pho came later. Our mouths became extremely dry by the time we checked into our hotel. Both of us were just so thirsty from all the msg they used.

The spring rolls and that fish sauce is spot on. Very nice crispy texture and tender and juicy on the inside. The spring rolls here easily beat all of the Vietnamese spring rolls I've had in Jackson heights, Woodside, Elmhurst, and Flushing Queens. The sauce was well made too. I was kinda turned away that they didn't give some leafs of lettuce to roll the spring roll in. Maybe that's just a NY thing? I dunno.

The pork chops were also delightful. Nice thin cut, gently seared on both sides and kept all the juices entact. I cut pieces of the pork chop and mixed it into a bowl of pho from our order and our son finished everything. However, again, he also became very thirsty when we got to our room. 

Verdict - Despite the msg, we still enjoyed the heck out of it. We finally ate something other than cheesesteaks, roast pork sandwiches and crap from Reading Terminal. If they toned down the msg a few notches or remove it entirely, the broth and everything about their pho would rank #1 on my list. It's a very busy restaurant, our waiter was friendly during the lunch rush, it was a way better experience than any pho spot I ever had I'm NY.
That's it, I'm officially done. You drew me in many times in the past, I even proclaimed my love for you in my review. Why is it you must hurt the ones you love so much?

I knew you when you were the little upstart in a plaza with two other pho shops, and helped you along until you stood atop South Philly as the lone heir to the pho throne. My family has come to you early and often, and many a friend have been sent to you.

And now you spit on my face and act as if we never knew each other. I came in with a friend, and we sat. That's it, we just sat. We know what we want, we always get the same dish; pho with steak, brisket, and flank [sometimes meat balls when I'm feeling particularly fancy]. After five minutes, the lunch rush hit and the place went from having a dozen people in its seat nearly filled in a matter of moments.

It then became apparent that you don't want me around anymore. A server went to a table that sat right by us immediately after they sat down. A waiter was taking the order of a party of 12 that just finished taking off their coats. I waved to a waiter, and he proceeded to walk towards us... and stop at the table next to us that too just sat down.

Everyone was getting served but us. Dead fucking last when we arrived first by a large margin and sat and watched while every other person was attended to. That's it Pho Ha, you can take your shitty broth and pour it right up your asshole. The novelty of crappy service at a Vietnamese restaurant wore through its last thread that afternoon, and you'll sooner see me throw a brick through your window than to have me sit in that shit hole you call a restaurant.
My go to place for good Pho!

So this place has been a secret obsession of mine lately.  I think last week I stopped here 3 times after work.  Its not hard to find, it's in the shopping center on 6th and Washington, all the way in the back.

There isn't much to write about the inside.  It's just an open, cafeteria style space.  Lots of seats, and it has a really good turn over, so don't get discouraged if you get there at lunch and it's crowded.  

Service is a breeze, you walk in, show how many are in your party and you are shown a table.  You get a menu, order, and your food is there in a flash.

The Pho here is delicious, the broth is tasty, the noodles are great and the meat is tender.  The portions are huge, so I usually come here after work on days that I didn't really eat much.  Yeah the Pho can probably serve 2 people.

And take away Pho is great, it's packaged well, the broth and meat are in a secure container and the noodles and toppings are in another.  Check it out!
My go-to pho place. After traveling to Vietnam a few years ago, I have gotten to be a little picky with my pho. Thankfully, I found pho ha to help take care of all my cravings. The restaurant is in a shopping center that is pretty busy and the parking lot is always nuts.. it is not usually hard to find a spot but it is hard to navigate around all the cars parked in all directions (seems like some of the Hanoi craziness has found its way to Philadelphia, with cars instead of motorbikes!). The restaurant is large and there are always open seats. It is not the most beautiful looking place, but hey, you're there to eat right? Speed is their thing here.. you can be in and out the door in 30 minutes or less if you eat fast. Upon sitting down, you are brought over tea and I always request water, as I like a LOT of sriracha in my pho! We usually start with the summer rolls which are fresh and filled with shrimp. They are not fried which I prefer, but the spring rolls are also good. The dipping sauce is delish and is some kind of peanut mixture. When you order, the food is brought out so fast it's hard to believe it's not premade! Heaping bowls of steak pho with fresh lime, bean sprouts, jalapenos, and basil are placed before you and it's time to dig in (wait, don't forget the sriracha!). Chopsticks and spoons are at the table to help you devour the huge bowl before you. So so good and so filling (oh, and clears out your sinuses!). Payment is cash only which is a bit annoying but for a full meal under 20 bucks for 2, there's not much to complain about. 

I do always want to branch out and try the Bun Bo but I haven't, out of FOMO on my steak pho. Maybe I will get daring next time!
I came in here on a rainy Tuesday evening. There were plenty of tables available. The place is rather large so there are lots of tables. 

As soon as we came in someone was ready to seat us. He got us a table and immediately set down some tea and cups. How nice! 

We ordered and I got the brisket and meatball pho, my boyfriend got the special pho (everything) and we shared summer rolls. 

The food took no time at all. The meat was still raw by the time it got to the table (that's a good thing for anyone that doesn't know how pho works- it cooks in the broth). Everything was great. The strength was the amount and quality of the meat. They really load up the bowls with good meat. I've never had a bowl of pho with so much meat. The broth was good, but I was expecting to be blown away considering all the good things I've heard about this place. Still, a very good bowl of pho. Also very large portion. I got the small pho and didn't finish my summer roll and I was full as a tick. 

They never brought us water. We ended up asking for some when we went to pay and got it to go. 

So good food, speedy service and plenty of tables. There is a parking lot and it wasn't crowded when I went but again, I was there on a rainy Tuesday evening and I was on foot so I can't accurately comment on the parking situation. 
Bonus is it's right by the Asian market so you can get yourself a nice treat afterward!
I was reflecting on my 2012 review of Pho Ha while enjoying a bowl today and while I realized little had changes, it was still worth a refresh.  In a nutshell, their Pho has the same great quality/portions/selection with only slightly increased prices (I mean, it has been 10 years!).

Pho Ha is one of my go to places for Pho in Philadelphia.  You can order pretty much any combination of Pho you heart would desire.  They offer a small bowl, or for less than a dollar, you upgrade to a large (which means you should just upgrade to the large).  It is usually promptly brought out to you. Pre-COVID, if I felt at all sick, I'd head to Pho Ha to cure me and it seemed to work magic.  Just over $10 still fills you up.

They also serve other dishes, which I can honestly not describe since I've never strayed away from their Pho.  I have enjoyed a few of their drinks as a nice dessert type treat on the few occasions I'm looking for more to eat.

The only change I really noticed over my years of coming to Pho Ha is that they now accept credit card.  That gives me even more reason to enjoy a big bowl of Pho.
As soon as I walk into this place I'm immediately thrilled beyond words. I see all sorts of folks enjoying the food, families Vietnamese and all  demographics enjoying time together in this restaurant!!
The staff was happy and singing  and caring for the guests!
Nice and clean place! 
 Amazing/  wonderful  fragrant food! I loved my grilled chicken over vermicelli! Oodles of veggies and oodles of fresh herbs  mint and Thai basil!  What heaven! I love this place and wanna come back soon!!!
Ok so I had a phogasm last night.

I wasn't feeling well.  I guess it was the outdoor landscaping-like work that I did this past weekend.  My throat has been scratchy, I've been coughing and I've had a general feeling of fatigue.  I of course decided to diagnose and treat myself.  

Diagnosis - sick
Treatment - Pho

I've had pho before, this was not my first time.  I happen to live spitting distance from Pho Ha so I decided to give it a shot.  Wow was it good.  I walked in and said "takeout".  Following other yelpers suggestions, I went with 44 and got the large.  I think it was ready in under 30 seconds.  A Styrofoam container of broth, separate takeout carton of meat and noodles and a bag of veggies.  I went home, put it all in a bowl with some siracha and boom, I instantaneously felt better.

The tripe was nice.  Not chewy.  The beef was thinly sliced and very tasty.  Veggies were fresh and jalapenos were nice and hot.

Observations about the establishment.  It was large, clean and seemingly had good service.  Lots of people slurping away and looking very happy.  That's the kind of place I will go back to and eat at.

I feel better today.  Pho has regenerative powers.  For 6 bucks, I think I can eat it once a week, even in a recession.

Thank you Pho Ha.  Thank you.
Pho is so delicious.  This was my first experience with pho (I know, I know, not sure how that happened).  I was in the middle of a bad cold and all I wanted to eat was soup.  Enter pho to the rescue.  I ordered the brisket with meatballs, but unfortunately the meatballs were no where to be found.  I will have to try again next time.  The small soup was huge, had plenty for lunch the next day.  I tried a few bites without any additions, and then slowly added things in to see how the flavor changed and to figure out how I like my pho.  Service is super quick, the tea they gave us was good, but a little lukewarm, and everything seemed very clean.  I can't wait to go back.
The Pho here is great.  Pho broth is delicious, flavourful with some sweetness.  Noodles are a good texture.  You can get the beef very rare, & it comes raw to the table so you can put it in the steaming pho yourself.  Tendons are very tender and melty.  They're a bit thin on the herbs -- pho came with only one sprig, which is really not enough as far as I'm concerned.

Also tried the lemongrass pho (available on weekends), which comes with round wheat noodles (like spaghetti), but the regular pho broth is better.
There's a reason why I've eaten pho here more times than any other location I've been to COMBINED.  The pho here is simply consistent.  It's the place where I take newbies to try Pho, and the place where my friends and I default to.  This location has always been very popular on the weekends, particularly around the lunch hour.  As a result, I've noticed the broth become stretched out a little and tastes slightly blander.  It's really the only time(s) I don't visit and try to branch out to other spots.  But when I do that I feel like I'm cheating on Pho Ha.  Oh my, so many emotions.
Fast, Inexpensive, No Wait and Great Pho. 

I'm not a Pho person, but this is definetely the best place to go if you are looking for Pho. It is quick, fresh, and affordable. Their meat is amazingly tendor, and very tasty with the dipping mixture of hot sauce and hoisin sauce. The noodles are made just right with its softness. 

They have many different varieties of Pho there, but none of them are a disappointment.
This is the most authentic pho place I've found in Philly so far! (And I grew up eating pho)

(And places I've been to include Vietnam Cafe, Vietnam Restaurant, Vietnam Palace, Pho Cali, Pho and Cafe Saigon, Nam Phuong, Nam Son...) 

The portions are huge and delicious. Since I'm not a particularly large eater, I usually go with the kid's size pho bowls, which are pretty filling on their own, but the regular sized bowls are a great deal if you are really hungry. The ingredients are fresh and come in generous amounts. I highly recommend the flank steak pho, which comes with tender, thinly cut slices of steak. What really makes the pho authentic here is the broth. They definitely know how to make a good pho broth. 

This is more of a casual place than a restaurant where you would go to enjoy the ambiance, but the food comes out very quickly, it's reasonably priced, and extremely delicious! Definitely my go-to place for authentic pho. If this restaurant wasn't so out of my way, I would probably come here every day!
If the service here were more consistent, I'd give it 4 stars. But half the time, they just throw you drinks and bowls on the table and rarely do the orders match the person who ordered it.

On the bright side, the pho is authentic and they have at least 3 sizes: small, large, and extra large. 

The prices are a bit cheaper than most of the other pho places in the area as well, especially for the size (the large is larger than nearly all of the other places I've ever been to (which is a lot).

Personally, I'm not a huge fan of the broth here, though I'm a little pickier than most people are about my pho. The size/price makes up for the broth, but not much can make up for the service.
Pho is just Pho right? Wrong!

Up until i tried Pho Ha, I've always thought of Pho as just soup beef and noodles and didn't really get what the hype was all about. I would even go as far as to say i could make it myself with some instant beef broth and noodles and beef. As long I garnished it with enough oyster sauce sriacha and lime it'd be all good..

Not here..the soup was delicious and unique. It had a unique flavor and very distinct from the many Pho's i've had in the past. The little sauce i added complemented the soup, it didn't overwhelm it like I've done in the past to cover up bland taste.

The menu there was easy to use and we could customize our pho to our liking..they even had fat-free broth and showed all of the various meats we could choose. The viet coffee was excellent although my first time trying so not really one to comment.

The spring rolls were ok but i've never had a bad one before or an extremely memorable one.

Come here for Pho if your in the philly area
I should start out by saying that my mouse cursor just hovered over the five star space for a few seconds.  Honestly - the only reason I went with four stars is that I want to try a few other Ph places before I decide this place is really a five - I'm a novice to Vietnamese cooking in general. Basically I'm comparing this to Vietnam in China Town - and for the money I'd go here every time. 

Long story short - I am a major fan.  This place is amazingly fast, dirt cheap and very tasty.  Menu is a bit hard to get through if you don't realize what you're there to get... essentially it's all noodle soup (which is what Ph is... I found out after the fact...).  I got the gi cun - fabulous summer rolls in the upper left of the menu - and the Ph Tai... basically sliced beef in a noodle soup. 

With the soup bowls - get the small. I got the large and it's essentially just more broth.  

Waitstaff is fast and furious - but once your order is in you need to flag one down if you need something - because they apparently won't bother you again.

This place is cash only - so plan ahead!
Pho Ha sits on the corner of a strip mall, walking in, it's a large room with plenty of seating, absolutely no character or decor, but that's not really what you're going in there for. My dining companion, a former Philly resident, had been there several times and knew exactly what to order. Going by the numbers on the menu: #2, 31, and two summer rolls. The summer rolls were so fresh and simple, dipped into the peanut sauce, a perfect starter.

#2 was a steak/brisket pho, an aromatic beef broth with rice noodles and thinly sliced brisket, so delicious and the perfect winter meal. 

#31, my personal favorite, was veggie grilled chicken, crisply cooked, with carrots, vermacilli with pickled vegetables, basil, and lettuce, fish sauce on the side. Be sure to take the time to mix well the lettuce is at the bottom.

No muss, no fuss, great for family meals, takeout, hits the spot!
This place is the first pho restaurant I've found that has vegan broth. Many places I've checked do not even offer non-meat options (looking at your Pho 75!). Pho Ha's veg broth has all the exactly right spices and herbs, but (it should go without saying) isn't beefy like traditional pho. Since the usual marrow based broth can get overpowering as to be kind of one-note, I think the veg option is great even for meat eaters. It's a lighter, more refreshing version perfect for summertime pho craving.

Variety, service, and prices are consistently good, so 4 stars. Extra star for the veg offering that is both hard to come by in Philly and welcomed.
After a long day of sightseeing and braving the cold and frigid Winter of 2014, there's nothing like a nice bowl of pho to warm up the soul.

This place was closer to a 3.5 stars. The pho was fairly priced and quality was good enough that I would come back. What made me lean towards a 4 were the fresh sides of lime, sprouts and ample herbs, including sawtooth herb in the middle of winter.
The pho here is standard and they definitely give you your money's worth! For $6 bucks you'll get a huge bowl (tho "huge" is just "regular" in the Vietnamese dictionary) of pho packed with whatever cow parts your little heart desires. For an extra dollar you get probably the biggest bowl of pho you've ever seen in Philly! Each bow comes with a plate of raw herbs and veggies including: bean sprouts, jalapenos, Thai basil, lime and cilantro-ish leaf. The restaurant has a cafeteria feel in that it's loud and full of people. The turnover rate here is quick since it takes a maximum of 1 minute from the time you order your pho to the time it's actually on your table. I always feel bad for the one friend who orders a rice dish here. Don't get me wrong, the rice dishes are great; however, since they take longer than a minute to get to your table, you can bet everyone has devoured their Pho before you've seen your dish. The tables are stocked with chopsticks, spoons, napkins, condiment dishes, paste-y Saracha and grounded Saracha, Hosin sauce, fish sauce and chilli oil. I love to eat my pho plain but most people like to add Hosin sauce. On the weekends they serve a beef noodle soup called "Bun Bo Huey". It has large chunks of beef, with thicker noodles in a lemongrass soup. It might be an acquired taste but I really enjoyed it and it's definately worth a try.
1...2...3, Pho, 5. 

   The broth is among the best in the city, hands down. The amount of flavour that just a broth can contain, sometimes astounds me. Pardon me for jumping right into descriptions of the food, but that is really what Pho Ha is all about.  It's no frills.  It's a bit tacky. But the Pho is good enough to keep me coming back.

   Among the perils with which one will have to contend, is a woman I refer to as the dragon lady. She is very loud, and not at all friendly.  Also, one of the servers let's his children run around screaming like banshees on the moors. One does also wish that one's ears weren't served horrible asian pop music as a side dish...but alas. 

   Even with these host of indignities, I walk up to 6th and Washington regularly.  A small #1 from Pho Ha seems to right wrongs in the world, and make the most obnoxious circumstances palatable, if not amusing. There is a healing quality that resides in the mint and lime and heat and sweet.  Worth a try if your insides need warming, and one doesn't want to break the bank.
This place serves up pretty average Vietnamese food. However, portions are large and cheap. The pork and shrimp vermicelli dish I had was perhaps slightly below average, but it was massive and only cost about $6.50. Service isn't the best, but food (particularly pho) comes out super fast. The guy at the next table ordered pho as he walked in the door. He then went to the bathroom, and his bowl was ready for him when he came back out. 

On a side note, they were in the process of renovating while we were there. They were using nail guns and some sort of really loud electrical appliance on the floors. It was rather annoying... do they really have to do that stuff during business hours?
Pho is the ultimate comfort food.

For about $6 you get a huge bowl of pho with your standard pho sides (thai basil, lime, jalapeno, sprouts, etc) but I never add that stuff - for me it's good just as it is.  The broth is darker and more "spicy" here than at other places, which means a lot more flavor.  I don't mean spicy hot, just more clove and assorted other flavors comes through.  

I stick to pho basics and don't order anything too fancy, but maybe one of these days I'll branch out to something new.  The summer rolls here are also good and the service is quick and friendly, if you don't mind the no frills/eat your pho and go atmosphere.
I used to come here every sunday afternoon in the winter for a hot bowl of pho. The restaurant itself isn't super nice or clean, but it's decently priced (~$7.00) and pretty tasty. I opt for the large (even though I usually can't finish it) because it's a 70 cent difference between that and a small and I feel like I'm getting my money's worth that way. 

Tips: 
1) it's cash only, although they do have an ATM inside
2) I like my meat a little rarer so I ask for the thin cut beef on the side so I can throw it in the broth myself
3) stop by Bambu on your way out for dessert (located in the same strip about 4 doors down) for the complete vietnamese experience!
I stopped in for the pho with steak and brisket.  It was cheap and filling (big bowls are only $6.50 and I couldn't finish mine).  However, the broth lacks the depth of flavor that I've had elsewhere.  It also doesn't have the great mouthfeel you get when the base for the dish is stock made with beef marrow.  Given the growing number of restaurants with pho on offer in Philly, I don't think I'll be back.

Oh, and the parking lot is crunk.
I've recently been having some terrrrrible experiences at pho restaurants in the Philadelphia area so my friend and I went on an adventure Sunday afternoon. I came to Pho Ha after reading some decent reviews and I didn't leave here too disappointed.
Service was very very fast but out of order. I got my Pho dish first, but I would have liked to get my summer rolls first. There was some clear bacon looking substance in my summer roll that I didn't really like. It was incredibly chewy so I took it out of the summer roll. Other than that, they were pretty decent. Didn't taste very fresh though
My pho was good, the steak was a little tough but broth was decent. My pork chops though were not up to my standards. They were dry and not enough seasoning. 
I would maybe come back here but I am still on the prowl for a great pho restaurant
Best pho outside of your Mother's kitchen. Cheap prices for huge portions. The broth is as close as it gets to authentic. The service is quick, and the other dishes of bun is pretty decent compared to other Vietnamese restaurants. Lets be honest, when you want pho, and you want your food. You want it quick. This is the place. Plus, you get to go shopping right after, across the street to get some banh mi
This place is great! My only qualm is that their lemongrass soup broth tasted pretty beefy...as a pescetarian it's always tricky eating Asian food, and if you're stricter than me about accidentally eating meat-based products you might want to avoid this place. Otherwise, the portions were large, served piping hot, and our waiter was friendly and more than willing to make a substitution for my meal so that I could have shrimp (not beef) in lemongrass broth. Both my lemongrass and my boyfriend's beef broth soup definitely had a kick which we enjoyed. And the bean sprouts, lime, jalapeno, basil, and dandelion (I think?) to mix in were fresh. This place was even hopping on a Sunday night, so that's always a good sign!
This place is delicious and inexpensive.  The Pho bowls are huge - a small is usually sufficient despite how much I love to drink the broth.  The veggies are fresh and crunchy and provide an excellent complement to the noodles, broth and meat.  Speaking of meat, I rarely order vegetarian dishes, but their Veggie Pho is hearty enough to satisfy even the most ravenous carnivores.  The food comes out fast too, it's the perfect place to go when you're hungry.  Plus they have parking!
Terrific Pho place with low prices and quick staff. The Pho here is thick and meaty compared to the watery kind you get elsewhere. Cash only, so be prepared.

The ambience isn't great but you are coming here for the food anyway. But it is large so you can bring a crowd of friends in there.

While you are here you can also stock up on the Chinese supermarket next door.
I believe this is the place where my partner-in-food would not stop yapping about how much more noodles were in his pho. And I recollect that I nearly exploded from attempting to finish the Large size of Pho. 

This place is fantastic, and if you're in the area, step on the brakes. 

Note: We both chose the Create-your-own-pho-bowl option.

 I asked for "everything except the fatty flank," while my partner asked for "tendon, beef, and (something else)." He got a noticeably larger amount of meat, as I was flipping noodles, bean sprouts, parting the pho waves in expectation of unearthing a similar amount of everything-but-flank. 

Moral of the story: If you're hungry and going for your own creation, make sure to order fewer varieties of meat, which will result in a greater quantity.
Cheap, fast, good. All of those three.

Easy to understand menu. Efficient service. Family friendly. Satisfying pho that comes with the usual basil, bean sprouts, limes and sliced jalepenos for some extra kick. Interesting people watching as the restaurant consists of a fairly large dining room.
SO....My friend took me to this restaurant, that I've never been to, that she absolutely loves. And i couldn't understand why at first, but now i do. First of all, you would think that the prices would be a little higher than usual, because the food is of good quality. i love the chop sticks. Yes, it was the first time I use them. The portions are huge, which is really good, cause you get to take home more than half of what you ordered and still be full....
Fast, inexpensive, yet delicious. I got a large bowl of tao, chin, nam, gau (my usual custom order) and HUGE bowl of pho with tasty broth, plenty of noodles and meat, as well as bean sprouts and fresh Thai basil on the side. I was nearly unable to finish the whole bowl, which is unusual for me! The fried spring roll and avocado smoothie were also quite good.

I consider this a reasonable alternative to Pho 75 which is just a few blocks down Wash ave. 4 yelp stars
My pop took me here after I moved back from San Diego. He said it was the best pho in the city, and who am I to argue, the man is the embodiment of communist Vietnam living undercover in the US of A.

It was August, not even remotely cool out, and here we are having pho. I got me an order of my favorite sweetened ice coffee and my small [but big] bowl of pho tai nam. I sometimes order it with the bo vien [meat balls] when I'm feeling Italian-ish, you know, to honor the neighborhood my people did so well to overrun.

Maybe I was really hungry, or maybe the pho I've been getting in Cali was underwhelming [it wasn't], but it was really damn good. I mean, nothing overtly amazing compared to the other pho shops, but there was something about it that just put it over the top for me, and getting a better bowl of pho than the likes of the pho hoa's littered all over, it's saying something.

I found myself going down to South Philly to eat there. I'm near Cottman and the Blvd, that's not a short trip considering there's Pho Hoa right down Adams ave not even 15m away from me. I don't make the trip anymore due the drive, but if I'm downtown or nowhere near home, I don't mind going out of my way a bit to eat there.

The egg-rolls are good, their rice and vermicelli noodle platters are standard fare and taste great when you get tired of grabbing a burger and fries all the time. I wish the spring rolls weren't pre-made, as a few of my vegetarian friends would tear that shit up if it weren't for the pork in it.

Oh, it's not cool how your clothes reek of pho when you leave the place, but it's a small price to pay for face-punching awesomeness in a bowl.
Best pho in Philadelphia, no question. I've tried at least five different Vietnamese restaurants up and down Washington Ave, in Chinatown and even out in the burbs. You want a great bowl of pho, go here.

The broth is always perfectly balanced, and they'll bring you extra basil and veggies if you ask nicely. 

After you finish your bowl (the small is huge if you've never been here. The large is big enough to bathe in), head across 6th Street to the grocery store and grab some ingredients to make your own pho.
I love pho and vietnamese food in general, and could definitely eat it all the time, but I've been on a particular bender lately going multiple times a week.  Perhaps it's the cold weather, perhaps it's knowing that your belly is going to be full on very little money.  Whatever the reason, Pho Ha is always a great bet for tasty and hearty vietnamese at extremely affordable prices.  It's one of my faves out of all the pho spots in Philly.  The portions are large, the pho is great, and their broken rice plate with grilled chicken is pretty much one of the best things you'll ever eat in your life.  It's hands down the best dish they serve.  The place is no frills, although they do have some crazy paintings on the walls.  Prices are low, the food comes out super fast, and you will leave happy.  Cash only though, so beware!
I ordered a chicken Pho and beef Pho last night for take out and both were delicious. This is a good place if you want quick, yummy Pho the way you like it. The place is simple and without any fancy decor.

Likes:
- Super quick- was ready in just minutes
- For take out, they separate the broth from the meat and noodles and then had the bean sprouts, lime and jalapeno in a 3rd container so everything was fresh and not soggy when you put it together at home. It was also very securely wrapped so no spillage.
- Inexpensive- Two large pho's were just $14
- I noticed on their take out menu that they have a build your own Pho so you can pick whether you want dark meat, light meat, etc. You can also add extras like bean sprouts, lime, scallions, noodles etc.
-  Generous portions

Dislikes:
- I only have their take out menu and never dined in but the take out menu is more limited than some of the other Vietnamese restaurants in the area.
- No website that I could find.
I've been here twice in the passed 2 weeks and it's amazing.  First of all, Pho is the cure for whatever ales you, for me it's usually a hangover, but the broth, noodles and meats with the southeast asian aromatics is a magical combination that will make you feel better even if you already feel great.  

The service here is fast, polite and efficient.  Just walk in and take a seat anywhere and you will be greeted promptly with a menu.  

There is a wide selection of proteins to get with your pho here ranging from brisket, steak, tripe, tendon, fatty brisket, etc... I went with the works the first time and was very pleased.

The for those who are beginners, skip the tripe, but for me, they do it pretty well here, they fine slice it into strips so that it's palatable (it's very tough and chewy so its best if you get a bite with a little tripe and a lotta soft rice noodles.

The broth is clean, clear, and flavorful.  The brisket is by far the most satisfying of the proteins and has the most beef flavor.  be sure to be liberal with the "on the side fixins" (thai basil, jalapenos, bean sprouts, and lime.

Pro tip: ask for your steak on the side if you get a Pho with steak.  they'll bring paper thin slices of raw steak that you can put into the piping hot broth as you eat them so they don't overcook, as the broth is REALLY hot and the steak is REALLY thin.  Its common practice amongst the vietnamese locals.

Also, soft tendon sounds gross but it's delicious and melts in your mouth.

Definitely my fav place on that strip of Washington street I've affectionately dubbed "Pho Alley"
The Standard.  What better place for a quick and delicious bowl of pho on a cold winter/fall day.  The broth is complex, flavorful and just seems to warm your soul.  There's been a couple of times when we've gone close to closing and the broth is just "what just happened" good. I usually just make my own with steak, flank, and brisket and enjoy the different slices of beef with some hoisin sauce as I slurp broth and noodles in between gasps of air - similar to an Olympic swimmer...

Enjoy!
My first time to Pho Ha was back in 2005, my family been going to them since then. Most of the time, we prefer dine in. It is the BEST to chow down a bowl of hot noodles when they first brought them out from the kitchen:)

Pho Ha haven't change in their portions at all. Their pho were always filled with plenty of meats, vegetables, and broth. We never finish our noodles every time we've dine in. 

This time, we were in a hurry, so I decided to take-out. Even though it wasn't as good as dining in but it definitely satisfy my crave for pho. WE WILL BE BACK!
It's a solid go to Pho house. I don't like anything else. If you get the spring rolls they taste like they have been sitting around for a while. Every time. I mean like 20 times. So it's not an anomaly. But the soup is first rate and very reasonable. I like the brisket and steak. But I hear the fatty tendon is great.  Free parking and hot soup on a winters day make it worth while.
Had been looking for some tasty pho for a couple of years, and tried Pho Ha a few months ago. I've returned several times, and it was just as good as before.

The pho is tasty and arrives piping hot. I usually get #9. Service is fast. The Milk Coffee arrives with its own drip filter over a cup. It is delicious.

I recommend it.
I ordered 12 people to Pho Ha on a Saturday night for my birthday dinner. We arrived at 8pm and were promptly seated, that is after a bit of begging and pleading with the staff to combine two six-person tables. The place is great for parties of 1-6, but just be aware you'll have to try a little arm-twisting to get the staff to combine tables for groups larger than six. I couldn't figure out what the issue was until they actually moved the tables and realized they weighed an extraordinary amount more than necessary - due to some type of granite top?

But I digress. Once seated, we ordered pretty rapidly and cracked open a few beers and wine (Pho Ha is a BYO!) though it took a few minutes for us to get a bottle opener and glasses for the wine. Food came out almost instantaneously. 

I ordered the pho with steak and tripe, just because I said to myself "why not? It's my birthday. I should eat stomach! When it came, the tripe neither added nor detracted from the dish - very much a ho hum element which, I think, defeats the whole point of ordering something like tripe in one's pho Otherwise the pho was delightful and the small bowl, of course, was still way too much for me to finish.  

The restaurant allowed my friends to bring in a tray of cupcakes for dessert and they allowed us to linger for a while over our meal. I think they closed up shop around 9:30pm and we rolled out around 9:45pm. 

Solid pho experience, a BYO, cupcake-friendy and entrees were under $7? That's a win in my book!
I wanted to have Pho Ha for a second time to confirm a five-star review, and after today's lunch, it's confirmed.  It's the best broth I've had in Philly, well priced, and has nearly twice the meat out of all the other Pho places along Washington Ave.  

I'm completely addicted to the lemongrass (#46) weekend special.  It's just the right amount of spice, savory, and acidity.  I like the udon noodles in it rather than traditional glass noodles.  If you love great Pho, this is the place.   I just wish we could get the bbq pork Banh Mi at Nam Son and eat it with the Pho dishes at Pho Ha... Vietnamese perfection!
Staff is friendly and attentive. Walk in, sit down, order, and you'll have your food within 10 minutes! I went here  once 30 min before closing one night and they were sweeping up and stacking chairs but they not rush me at all! 

The food here is not the best or the most quality Vietnamese food I've had but it's inexpensive and comforting. The taste of the pho here can vary. Some days the broth is flavorful, other days greasier, and some days kind of flat/diluted. Pho 75 down the road offers better cuts of meat, generally better quality ingredients (e.g. no wilted leaves on your basil or yellowing sprouts), and their broth is fairly consistent. However, the prices are a couple dollars higher and the portion sizes smaller. I like both depending on my mood.

I will always come back to Pho Ha because of the convenience and delicious cheap eats.

Cash only! You pay at the counter.
Mmmm pho, 

This place keeps changing hands for some reason but it's always been consistently good.  

There pho for beginners is just the thing for someone who hasn't tried pho before and their more adventurous choices, which can include things like tendon, tripe, and other random parts, are just right for those looking for something different. 

I've been patronizing this establishment for the last 7 years and I have always told people that this is the pho place to go.  Parking is easier than Chinatown but still not the best.  But if you r looking for a great bowl of pho goodness don't pass this place up.
Today it was my first visit at this place. I visited always one other Pho place before.
It is really a great restaurant and food for a good and reasonable price.
The service was really great - fast and friendly. We got the tea (for free) immediately. The food was served within 10 minutes.
My Shrimp Pho was delicious and the shrimps were not cooked too much.
The ice coffee was fresh prepared. The price for a Pho and coffee was around USD 10?
Best Pho in the city hands down. Only issue with this place is they claim they have vegetarian Pho, but it is made with beef stock, so clearly not really vegetarian. Does anyone know of any places in Philadelphia that serve vegetarian Pho with veggie stock? PLEASE HELP ME!!!
There are a lot of beef pho places in Philadelphia but this is by far my favorite!!! The price is great and parking is free... only reason im giving 4 stars is this place is cash only :/
The pho here is pretty good and a huge bowl is only $6.60.  I got the beef brisket pho which was delicious and flavorful.  I also got the summer rolls which were good...until I bit into a huge piece of fat.  The rolls were supposed to be filled with pork and shrimp, but this particular roll had a gigantic fatty piece in it- not very appetizing.  The food also comes out amazingly fast, so it's a great place to go if you're really hungry and want instant gratification.

The place was a bit crowded when we went on a Saturday afternoon and the restaurant is pretty dingy.  There were also a lot of little gnats flying around at our table.  The bathroom was also pretty disgusting- lots of pee drenched on the floor and had a gross stench.  When walking into the bathroom I peeked into the kitchen and saw a guy walking around the kitchen wiping his head with a paper towel.  This kind of grossed me out- I just pictured little hair bits in my pho.  

All in all, the pho is good.  Despite everything, I think I'll still be back for the cheap and delicious pho.
After reading some of the reviews of this place, I decided to give it a try. My impression as follow: 

I came here on a Saturday around 2 pm so it was kinda busy. We were lucky to get a table right away but I noticed a couple people behind us had to wait in line.

The ambience was ok. It was a little stuffy but it was understandable because they were kind of busy. The waiter came and took our order right away so it was quick.

The Summer Rolls we ordered came out quick. The rolls was kinda messy but it was still pretty yummy. The Pho on the other hand was nothing special. We had Pho Tai and the meat cut was fine but the soup is kinda bland. Usually I could smell the herbal spices in a bowl of Pho, but here I couldn't really smell it. I could taste a little bit of the herbal spices but that was it. Overall the Pho was ok but not one of the best.
I came in here, not sure what to expect. I read a few reviews, so had a fair idea of what type of experience to expect. We were seated immediately and given menus. The place was busy but looked as if everything was under control. It had more of a "diner" vibe but that's just my opinion. The prices are very reasonable, which is always a plus. 

We ordered and our food came out within five minutes. Don't expect a fine dining experience, it's more of eat and go or however you would like to phrase it. The iced milk coffee was really strong but can't complain. They didn't check on our table or ask us how the food was, but its just that type of place. My food was good and it was a good portion what what I paid. We had two entrees and the coffee and the bill was $17.30. 

I would come back here to try something else. I enjoyed the experience overall based off the quick service and prices. I think if you come here with a reasonable mind frame you won't be disappointed.
I want to start off by saying I am personally not a big fan of pho. I guess I should say I WAS not a big fan of pho. After a long weekend of punishing my liver with heavy drinking, my girlfriend and I decided to try this place located right next to our favorite grocery store (First Oriental FTW). I went for the number 13 (all the meats) and the bowl came out almost instantly. The large portion is a misnomer as the bowl is the size of a medium pizza. The broth is clear and beyond flavorful, and submerged beneath the surface of that amazing broth are piles of perfectly cooked meats and noodles. I decided to eat the noodles using my spoon as a small for so I can add more heat with their sriracha and chilli sauce options without changing the broth as I wanted to savor every sip of it untainted. And after eating until the point of being uncomfortably full, I still had enough for another meal to take home. My experience was so memorable that I returned the next day for lunch and got the same thing. Don't miss out on this place!
Recently I have been obsessed with rice and chicken after I tried broken rice in San Diego, so I have been on the search for a replacement dish. I'm glad I found this place because their chicken and rice dish satisfied my craving. It wasn't as great as the dish from San Diego though, but it still did the job. 
I loved how they grilled their chicken. It was flavorful and it added a nice smoky taste to the chicken. It came with a side of spring rolls and the fish sauce was perfect with the dish. 
I liked this place and I would recommend it if you are craving a rice dish.
I went here on the advice of fellow Yelpers...in my ongoing search for good Pho within driving distance of my Delaware home. Sorry, but I was not impressed.

The menu offers little variety (I occasionally like seafood or pork in my pho, this menu is limited to beef...and one chicken), and the 'codes' on the back are confusing. Be sure to order everything you want (including a glass of water) when the waiter first comes to your table...you will never be able to catch them again.

I will say, the broth is very rich and tasty, and there are plenty of noodles and a good amount of meat in each bowl. However, I was a bit disturbed to find several large hunks of tripe in my Pho Ga (chicken soup).

This may be the best Philly has to offer...but I'm going to keep looking.
We were on our way to Ba Le bakery and decided to get some pho from here. Their portions are what all takeout pho should be. I hate when you eat in its different from takeout which doesn't make any sense. We had the special pho and extra side of meatballs which were very tasty. The soup was very flavorful and noodles were fresh because they didn't break into small pieces when you reheat or mix them up. I'm pretty sure we will be back here again. Give it a try!
I was really looking forward to trying this place out since it is so close to my house and the reviews were pretty decent. I've been eating pho for many years but I am not picky by any means. I'm not vegetarian or vegan but I wanted a pho with a lot of veggies so I asked the waiter if they had that and he said yes. They brought me a bowl of noodles with ICEBERG LETTUCE. The lettuce was the only vegetable. The broth was very bland and the soup was missing the normal scallion/onion/cilantro mix. My boyfriend got a flank pho which was also very mediocre. I asked them for more vegetables and they brought me a small plate of greens. I was so disappointed I felt like crying. I didn't complain anymore but I also didn't have another bite of the soup. I paid the bill and left a 20% tip but I will definitely never go back.
Two strikes and you're out!  or.... Pho me twice, shame on me!  or...Pholastic Ha

So, I used to love Pho Ha  for all the reasons stated by others here...delicious Pho, fast service, the price is right, etc... However, it has now been moved to my NEVER AGAIN list. Here's why: A month or two ago I went there with some friends (on my recommendation). My daughter had her usual coconut drink. While she was drinking it I spotted a pretty big slice of plastic in the drink....spotting it fortunately before my little daughter put it in her mouth. I brought it to the attention of the manager. He said something to the effect that the coconut pieces come wrapped in the plastic so that's how it got in the drink..and that was all he said! He barely apologized (if at all) and didn't offer to take the cost of the drink off the bill or anything! I thought to myself wow, that's really lame management. Then, last night, we wanted to go get some Viet food, and for some strange reason, I decided to go back to my old fav, Pho Ha. I figured that the plastic in the drink incident was an isolated thing and maybe I over reacted and I shouldn't worry about it. BIG MISTAKE....To my utter amazement and disgust...there was ANOTHER PIECE OF PLASTIC in the food.!!!!! This time it was small (maybe nickel size piece) IN MY PHO!! I was slurping away when suddenly I realized something was really chewy IN MY MOUTH! At first I figured, oh, it's probably just a chewy piece of the greens I had put in my soup. But when I kept chewing for a bit, I took it out of my mouth and there it was, ANOTHER PIECE OF PLASTIC!! I felt sick. 

This 2nd plastic incident wasn't the only problem with this meal (although definitely the biggest problem). Here were the other less than ideal things about this most recent meal there:

 - The tea cups had a strong chlorine/bleach smell to them, So strong, that I didn't want to drink out of them. 
- The plate of stuff (bean sprouts, mint leaves, lime, etc..) for the Pho was really lame! I noticed that other tables of the same size party got a much larger and fresher looking plate of stuff. I could speculate as to why this could be....maybe it was just uneven food prep? Maybe it's because II'm not a regular? Maybe because I'm white? Maybe they remembered me complaining from the first plastic incident (lol), who knows? 

I didn't even bothering complaing this time, I just wanted to get out of there.

Bottom line, I'll NEVER EVER go there again. Thankfully, there are many other options to spend my money and get some great Viet food. and decent service.
i have a bias for this place for two reasons: they set me up w/ a pot of tea the minute i sit down, and they're closest to my place. admittedly, the lighting is bright and there's no ambiance to speak of. 

but damn do they serve me right away. the pho has been consistently delicious and savory and full of flavors i can't identify. it's where i take everyone for their first bowl. 

i'd give 4stars if there were booths, or any sense of intimacy in the joint, like you might find just up washington at other pho joints.
I really like the pho here. Complex broth, good portions and fresh ingredients. However, the past two times I ate here I saw many bugs and cockroaches in the filthy bathrooms. If there are that many bugs where customers can see, imagine how many there are where they can't.....
This is definitely the best and my favorite Pho spot in Philly.

Cheap, fast, fresh, tasty!  The broth is the best of the places I've tried (Pho Hoa, Pho 75) and the steak is tender and delicious!  They are also super generous with noodles and beansprout/basil/lime/jalapeno.

Utilitarian in decor and service.

If you really wanna do it on the cheap split a large with a friend and it's $3 a person, and you will still be really full!

Also, don't forget to get the Vietnamese iced coffee and summer roll!

YUM
My parents have been in town for the Thanksgiving holiday season/weekend and on Friday my father had a hankering for a Philly cheesesteak. Still new to the area, myself, I figured Pat's would be a safe choice. Of course i hadn't really understood how busy the place gets...the line stretched all the way around the building and back again. We were trying to get to a movie in 45 minutes and didn't have faith that the line would be that magical-quick.

So we went with our second hankering...Pho. We went here simply because it was the first place we saw. I've had Pho in D.C., Maryland, Chicago, Alabama and North Carolina and I can say that the bowl I had yesterday was truly the best I've ever had...I don't know about the best in Philly but def the best in my life.

The menu is nice in its breakdown of the different meats you can add to the broth and noodles, and a basic description of the flavor that results.  Also they have the option of customizing your bowl further by adding/lessening your noodles, broth, meat etc. I had #8 (steak, flank, fatty flank) and ordered my broth 'extra fatty'. 

Bowls came in small and large (and maybe extra large?), my mother and I ordered smalls and, as much as I wanted to, I couldn't quite get to the bottom of it. Man oh man, I'll go back!
I ordered the #1 - Steak Pho and the Summer Rolls. It came out so FAST! The broth was good. I would have liked the beef rare, but I'll remember to order it that way when I go back. It's cash only but there is an ATM if you forget.
New owners but same great price. This was my go-to spot for takeout and really glad they kept prices similar: food is probably 2x good though. Good shit ya.
