This place popped my pho cherry and I've been in love ever since. I've had the pho palace (pork and shrimp) and the pho ga (chicken) and a side of the brisket. The broth is always so good. I ate here several times this weekend because I was sick and it was so yummy to my soul. I loved that the spices are on the side and I can add whatever I like to suit my taste. The portions are gigantic and I usually have enough left over for lunch the next day. The staff is always so polite. Def a nice neighborhood gem.
What a difference 18 months makes! 

Returning to Pho Palace with a group of 6 to introduce neighbors to Vietnamese cuisine, and have another run at the menu, there were several new things going on in the house that all were all nice improvements.  

First, walking in, the redesigned dining room was striking.  A large wooden pergola dominated the new front room, standing over the majority of the tables that were now separated by half walls.  Nice structure and lots more privacy.  New smaller dining rooms in the back for parties.

Second, credit cards were now accepted for orders over $20.  This was a big convenience for most customers, allowing the avoidance of the ATM monster in the lobby.  They were even willing to split our checks and allow us to use separate credit cards.  Friendly and seamless transactions. 

Third, Service was more efficient and professional.  The mostly male staff was all in black, and  was attentive throughout the meal - refilling water glasses, removing plates, asking if we needed anything more.  All good flourishes from where the level of service was on last visit.  

Most importantly, the food was still good, although the prices were up fractionally, no doubt to cover the cost of renovations.  The Pho was comforting and fun.  The Summer Rolls stuffed with Shrimp, Pork and fresh cabbage; and the Peanut Dipping Sauce cool and tasty. The Grilled Chicken and Pork Banh Mis were loaded with meat, Diakon Radish, Carrot in a crunchy Baguette-styled torpedo roll.  Everything was passed around with enthusiasm.  Even our neighbors who also ordered a Chinese dish to play it safe, were satisfied.  

The improvements at Pho Palace were well conceived and executed.  

Kudos!
Woo hoo! A pho joint in my neighborhood! The place is new, decorated with dark wood tables, chairs, and flooring. The staff are friendly and welcoming. I have eaten here twice now and the pho is great, nice rich broth which is not too salty. This time I also sampled some of their other dishes. Their pork spring rolls are ok but not special. They do serve 2 kinds of banh mi, pork and chicken. We tried the chicken this time and it was amazing. The roll was nice and crisp and the meat well marinaded. I would have liked some more pickled veggies in it but I would eat those by the handful if you let me. In short I am excited to have a pho place so close and I am sure it will find a spot  in my regular rotation of restaurants.

*Note - they have now put some tables outside!
After coming here half a dozen times at the beckoning of other and trying several variations of the Pho, as well as the spring role, the Bánh mì and once even venturing into the more substantial dishes like the grilled beef short ribs, I have decided that mediocrity is the only common denominator in the food at Pho Palace. 

Like Jessica E., I too, upon discovering Pho Palace, had hoped to avoid the long drive to Pho 75 for a simple bowl of Pho on a cold day or Cafe Saigon for a tasty Vietnamese hoagie, both of which located on Adams Ave. But sadly, like Jessica E., I was disappointed at the complexity of the Pho broth. Frankly, the Pho needed more beef - but more importantly it needed cloves, coriander, star anise, cardamom and time to stew. The  Bánh mì (hoagie) seemingly had all the right components: grilled pork, pickled dikon & carrots, cucumber, a secrete sauce, all topped with cilantro. But the major failure was the most basic of elements in any sandwich - the bread. It was not all together the fresh crusty brioche it aught to have been. The actual grilled pork left also something to be desired but it was forgivable - I guess.

The service has its twists and turns here too. Orders are generally brought out in a flurry, with little consideration to common sense. Who in hell wants to eat salad while their soup cools inches away? 

This is not to say the everything is a wash at Pho Palace. The desserts, which are prepackaged delectable that are not made on site but purchased, are surprisingly very good. The ambiance of the place is quite a bit nicer then most Pho places and one can dine alfresco in the warmer months, a plus for those of us with pups in tow, though there is not much of a view.

All in all, the reasonable pricing, local, ambiance are the real draw here. But if you want good Pho look elsewhere, you would be wise to survey up and down Adams Ave.

P.S 
This place is Cash only, as others have mentioned, but an ATM is on premises.
Pho palace I can't live without you. You win
As a Vietnamese girl who grew up with home cooked Vietnamese food (and have eaten at many Viet restaurants) all I can say is W T F.

This is the worst place for Vietnamese food. My bf decided on this plc bc it was close and he saw 4 stars; I shld have looked at the reviews first...

I ordered cha gio, com bo luc lac + a bun thit nuong. 

First the cha gio looked + tasted like the frozen store brought ones & it wasn't served with mint leaves or lettuce (like really?!).

Com bo luc lac was idk wth that was but it WAS NOT no bo luc lac. Zero hint of fish sauce or dark soy sauce. 

The bun thit nuong was also WTF?! 

My grandma is prob turning in her grave yelling at me "wtf are u eating?!"

After my meal I decided to look @ the reviews; most the 4/5 stars are from non Vietnamese people who clearly never had Viet food. 

Service was good, decor is nice but food sucked.
Pho palace is located in a small strip mall, easy to spot. Walking it you are greeted and sat quickly, sadly that's where the quick service stops. We knew what we were ordering quite quickly, we sat and waited, and waited, and waited....nothing. I literally had to get up and call a server over.

The food didn't take AS long to arrive, and was well flavored but just luke warm. My vermicelli rice was actually straight up cold. I ordered the Bun Special, which is a bowl of thin noodles with grilled pork, grilled shrimp, veggies and a egg roll. All this for $9 is a great price for all this food, just wish it was hot!

The hubby got the grilled pork rice platter which was warm. It brought lots of rice and 3 thin pork chops with bone. He didn't like having to deal with the bone, mostly bc at other vietnamese places they give it to you sliced. But the flavor of it was great.

We ordered fried dumplings as an appetizer, they just came with our food, but were really good. pan fried and good flavor. 

I wanted green tea and it wasn't on the menu, but if you ask they will bring some to the table. 

Overall, the food was decent, maybe if I lived closer I would return for take out to avoid the crappy service, but since I don't.....I probably will try a different place.
I have tried his place several
Times over the years in hopes that they learned something about both Vietnamese food and quality preparation.  Been disappointed every time (from the Pho to the slimy papaya salad).  

Unfortunately, there are zero Vietnamese places worth eating at in the vicinity.  How much more expensive is it to do it right and create good dishes?  In our region (not immediate area though) we have so many locations such as Adams Ave, Washington Ave, etc with good examples of Vietnamese food. 

Owners/chef, please  take a couple weeks traveling around and sampling their food. You too will understand how you are missing the mark and just how much potential you have. Imagine being the Vietnamese food destination for those of us living within a 15 mile radius. You can truly do something real here and folks will come and you will make money. Just take the time to reevaluate and recreate authentic, fresh and real market driven dishes. 

Let me know when you do and I promise you I will come back give you a glorious review. I am
Sure other will come too in droves if you successfully start caring about the food. 

Best of luck.
I came to eat here today by recommendation of my friend Lori K. Pho Palace did not disappoint! They have a pretty wide array of different Pho to choose from, I felt a little overwhelmed by the amount of options on the menu. But our server was very helpful and made some suggestions of what I should get. I decided on the Pho Gau ($7.25), which is a pho made with brisket. Everyone in my party ordered some kind of Pho or another and so we had a large plate of accompaniments that was for all of us to share. The pho was delicious. It had nice flavor and was a very large portion. There was some kind of sauce in a squeeze bottle on the table... I don't know what it was but when I added it to my pho... Magic happened!! Omg what is in that bottle?!?! All in all, everyone in my party enjoyed their meal and it was definitely reasonably priced. If you are trying to expand your horizons when it comes to trying new foods, Pho Palace is a good place to start.
Today I had my first and last experience at Pho Palace. I had very high expectations because the girls I went with raved about how great this place was. The food was fantastic but I've never experienced such poor customer service in my life!! Our waiter forgot to put our entree order in so we literally waited 45 mins for our pho. Honest mistake, however the waiter did not apologize to us and ignored us the rest of our stay. No joke, he bailed from being our waiter and we were stuck either raising our hands to get someone's attention or going up to the counter. Our frustrations were clearly expressed but after our TWO HOUR tragic experience we finally received our bill with still no apology and no discount for their terrible service. We waved the manager down to discuss but she started to snap back at us, rambling about how she is paid $8 an hour and that it would come out of her pocket. She was extremely unprofessional and I'm completely baffled by how she handled the situation. The cherry on the top of our trip was when she decided to tell us we know nothing about working in a restaurant. Crazy, because she knows absolutely nothing about us and what we do or have done. I could go on and on about our experience, but in conclusion this was by far the worst customer service I've ever seen. Hopefully management is evaluated and actions of improvement are made. Best of luck Pho Palace!
We went there on a Sunday afternoon and the place was pretty busy.  We ended up walking out of the restaurant because of the poor service.  The people beside us said that it took them almost an hour to get their food. And the water tasted funny!
This is my neighborhood Pho spot and I love it! 

The service is always great! The staff is always friendly and the environment is always pleasant to be in. The building is always clean and the staff is attentive. 

 I come here often with my family since my dad seems to like this type of cuisine. Ive had their different soups and they are always packed with such flavor and so many ingredients!! 

Ive had the summer rolls and they are a good shareable plate. Ive also ordered the chicken combo with the rice and it all tasted so good. 

They have a nice selection of drinks like juices and sodas as well.
I will start by saying that I have had Pho from all over the country.  Sorry but the Pho was not authentic tasting. Hardly any beef in it as well. Spring rolls were dissapointing too. We were really hoping it would be good so that we didn't have to drive downtown but it wasn't even close to being decent to try again. :-(
They recently changed their menu, no medium or large bowls to choose from anymore, it's one size now, and for me, the new, one size only is not enough to fill me up. I gave them 4 stars before, and had to reduce it down to 1 star. I was a weekly customer, but I will find another place. What a shame, this really upset me.
The Phó hasnt changed, and their broth on a scale from 1-10, 10 being the best, is hovering around a 6.5, not too much to places in the area to choose from so you take what you can get.
Tried Pho Palace today for lunch based on the recommendations of yelp. I didn't have a pre-conceived notion about the place, so I truly went in there ready for anything. The space is large, clean, and sparse with decorations but still welcoming and they share it with Akira Sushi next door, which also means you can order off either menu while dining.

I'm not really a fan of mixing pho with sushi so I didn't try anything off the sushi menu this time, and dont necessarily consider it a pro to have the option of sushi with Vietnamese food or vice versa. Often times I find that the places that serve different types of cuisine under one roof disappoint me, because instead of all their effort on one thing, it gets split by two and you get two mediocre meals.

I ordered the pho ga ($6.75 for med bowl) and a pork banh mi to go. While the sprouts, lime, and jalapenos for the pho were plentiful, the basil was not, and that disappointed me. The broth was pretty clear and not very flavorful to me when comparing to other pho places I have eaten at like pho and beyond in willow grove and the various pho places on Adams. The noodles were fine, not over cooked or anything and the chicken was just OK. There was not much chicken. The banh mi which I ate for dinner was pretty good, would obviously have been better if I had eaten it closer to the time of purchase or popped it in the oven before eating it. The pork had good flavor and was a good amount, but the bread had gotten a little soggy from me waiting to eat it. Overall, it was also salty (esp compared to the bland broth for the pho), but otherwise something I would order again for $3.75, which is cheap.

Overall the experience had some ups and downs, but it is worth checking out again. It is a little out of the way so not sure how frequently I would go anyway, given that Pho and Beyond is my favorite place and a lot closer. Im also not a fan of places that don't take credit card for big parties bc everyone whips out a $20 and it becomes a mess with no small change. It also seems weird to me that this large establishment does not take cards, since I usually expect that from smaller hole in the wall businesses, not a joint double restaurant with a shared kitchen.

Their desert menu is pretty fancy and seems fine bakery/european style, although I didn't try any of them.
Didn't like it at all. Yeah you get a lot of broth, but the quality is terrible. I just don't agree with the hype. Try House of Pho in Southampton for a better experience.
We just ate dinner at Pho Palace where I had decent vegetarian Pad Thai and my fiance had pho (nam).   The speed with which we were served was breath-taking!   It was a civilized spectacle to watch the efficiency and zippiness of the waitstaff.   One server seemed to hop from table to table with incredible grace.  

The serving of Pad Thai was small (which was o.k), although I am accustomed to making three meals out of a single order.  My fiance's pho was generous in size but skimpy on the meat (and the broth was both watery and cloudy, which did not make for an appealing visual).   The meat also looked like it was processed (like deli meat), which was unappetizing.

Decor is spartan and cold. 

You would be much better off at House of Pho on Second Street Pike.  There the food is authentic, the service is impeccable and the restaurant is beautiful.
To sum up my review in two words: EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTED. Pho Palace use to be one of my favorite restaurants. I will never be returning to Pho Palace again unless there is new management. The food is delicious but I waited 40 minutes to eat pho, usually a quick meal. The manager was extremely rude when I complained about the wait and said there was "nothing she could do about it." I had to fight her to have ten percent taken off the bill, A WHOLE SEVEN DOLLARS.
Pho Palace is well worth a visit.  There were 4 of us and we shared 2 appetizers (Spring & Summer rolls) - both were very good.  Three of the group tried Pho and all enjoyed it; none thinking that the broth was weak as some others have said in their reviews.  I had the Bun Thit Nuong - Grilled sliced pork and cucumber over rice vermicelli with fish sauce.  It was just as good as some that I've tried on Washington Ave. in Philly.  Before tax & tip, the bill per couple was around $18 

The staff was very friendly and we had a good time talking to our server who was originally from Vietnam.  It's a BYO - Cash Only.  We're looking forward to returning when we will try such items as Fried Quails and an interesting sounding Baked Calamari salad.
Wow! That's my one-word description of the pho I had at this place. The flavor of that bone broth with the cilantro, onion and scallion was so deep that none of the condiments on the table were needed... but out of habit I still used some. I got the pho tai nam gan sach (thin sliced eye-round steak, flank, tendon and tripe). The meats were also delicious. 

My daughter got the com Tom nuong (white rice, marinated grilled shrimp, veggie salad with fish sauce on the side). She ate every bite. The flavor of the mango bubble tea was less mango and more... bubble gum? Not the best.

All the staff members were very friendly and made us feel like appreciated customers, and the interior is cute. 

There's no doubt that we'll be back for more good food.
I have written a review for this place before and I'll write it a thousand times over again

and I will always love this place (whitney voice)

The banh mi has been ON FLEEK lately. the bread is perfectly crispy and the pickled vegetables with the cilantro is soooo perfect. drooling thinking about it. yesterday was my 4th sunday in a row being here. what will my life become without NY style pho in my life?
I go here weekly! The prices are just right! My boyfriend and i like to get their PHO and he has tried almost all of them and never had any complaints! We love the summer rolls too, they are bigger than most. When I miss a homecooked meal (which is every week) we go here to fill our soul with some good broth and leave satisfied everytime!
*Necessary knowledge: I have been eating Pho since I was 6 years old when it wasn't a popular hipster dish it is now.*

I have been to probably almost every pho spot in Philadelphia and this by far one of the worst. Over the years since I live 5 mins from here I give it a try and every single time am disappointed. I drive 20+ mins out of my way to the better pho spots. 

1. The broth is watered down and flavorless
2. The noodles are never consistent either over or under cooked. 
3. The tiny portions of noodles with like 3 pieces of meat for almost 10$ is outrageous. And they only offer one size which is for a toddler. (And if you've been to genuine pho spots in north or south philly or olney you know that's outrageous for a bowl)

This spot is obviously catered to take advantage of those who don't know the culture and just hear of this famous dish. Other popular viet dishes like banh mi or bun thit are pretty good. The service and staff at nice as well just unfortunate for like 8 years it hasn't gotten better.
I've been to Pho Palace a couple of times and it does not disappoint.  You are promptly seated as soon as you arrive.  The wait staff is attentive and quick.  I thoroughly enjoy their Pho and chicken rice bowl.  My favorite thing to eat is their fried rolls with peanut sauce.  I've never had their dessert but they do have a nice dessert case towards the front of the restaurant.  This restaurant is BYOB which is a plus.
One of my favorite go-to pho restaurants in the Northeast! When it comes to pho, the taste of the broth is everything. The broth at Pho Palace is so flavorful and tasty that I can drink it without the noodles, which distinct themselves from other pho restaurants in the area. Compare to other pho restaurants, it's a little more pricey, but worth going to. The servers are also friendly and laid back. Service is great, the taste of their food is great, what more can you ask for?
pretty good here for a pho fix!  a couple years ago, the restaurant didn't look good at all, but after they renovated it, the restaurant looks really nice. and the pho is really good. i think its pretty solid if you want it in the area.  the broth is really clean and smooth, doesn't feel super heavy after you have pho.  usually other pho places, their broth could be cloudy and have way more msg than you should intake, but here you can't REALLY taste the msg (even though you get mad sleepy afterwards).  anyways, great place to get pho real quick!  their pad thai is pretty good too.
I went to Pho Palace with crossed fingers, hoping that it would save me the drive to Pho 75 on Adams Ave in the future. Unfortunately that won't be happening.

The pho is decent, not terrible but not great either. The broth seems a lot less complex than others that I've had. Summer rolls were good.
Another Pho lunch run... Still pretty much the same, but I upped to a large bowl this time. Honestly, while it was only a buck, it seems like all they did was add more broth...
I'll give them another star. The ownership/management has changed since I was here last. The decor got a face-lift as well. They also now accept credit cards. The pho was solid and the steak salad was tasty. I perplexed as to why they don't do steak banh mi because they do the char grilled steak but they only offer the pork, chicken or vegetable ones.
I was very happy to find a place that serves one of my favorite dishes in the summertime!! 
Bun Ga Nuong  (Grilled chicken &  tossed with crispy cool salad & rice vermicelli in a fish sauce  vinaigrette.) It was so fresh and delicious. Service was so fabulous. The waiter was attentive. I enjoyed my Vietnamese drip coffee . Everything was fresh and flavorful. It's one of my favorite dishes I'd love it more if the dish had lots of Thai basil and mint leaves . 
I also got dumplings, that were pretty plump & delicious .
This place is still descent but is not as good as when it first opened. That said it is good pho for the far NE it is owned and run by non-Vietnamese so of course it is not authentic. I will come back here when I am too lazy to drive up to Adams to Pho 75.

Just a note that they are CASH ONLY - but they have an ATM right inside the door.
Nice decor and atmosphere.  Food is fresh and tasty.. bun special is my favorite.. the best (only?) Vietnamese you will find in the area for sure.
I stopped here on Saturday night for a late dinner with my girlfriend.  We were seated right away because there were quite a few available tables.  We were greeted immediately by a server who took our drink order.  We placed our order and the food was brought out shortly thereafter.  I order the spring roil appetizer and the (beef?) Pho for my entrée.  Both dishes were very good.  I absolutely love the spring roll peanut dipping sauce.  Hint: I like to add a few drops of siracha to add a heat to the flavor.  I didn't have room for dessert this time but would like to try it on a future visit.

 

FYI, this place is BYOB
Pho palace has excellent set up, service and food! I'd recommend coming here any night of the week for a casual, affordable, quick meal.

The wait staff always gets our order right, and keeps our glasses full of fresh water. The food comes out fast and the portions allow for a satisfying meal with some leftovers.

Because I am gluten free I try to be careful and get the more plain items on the menu. The summer rolls are something I get every time! The peanut soy sauce it comes with isn't gf so what I do is bring gf soy sauce and mix it was sriracha to make my own dipping sauce! However, the rolls are delicious on their own as well. 

I then order the Plain Pho and ask to add veggies. If you're getting meat in your pho and have an allergy like me, just be sure to ask if they marinade it in anything first! But, I love my veggies and prefer that :) 

My boyfriend gets the Pho Palace option, he says it's the best one and it deserves to be named after the establishment! 

You'll leave pho palace totally satisfied without spending an arm and a leg!
I've had pho in a variety of different places but this is where I come back to. It's a mix of accessibility and quality.  It's in NE Philadelphia so you're not cursing out people to find parking nor are you absolutely paranoid your car will get broken into.  It's in a lackluster strip mall right off Bustleton Avenue, a relatively busy street. Also it's BYOB so hook yourself up. 

Food 4/5 
I usually order the summer roll for an app. It's pretty well sized, a little lettuce heavy but tasty none the less.  The banh-mi or "Vietnamese hoagie" is solid and a must try. If you've never had one, I highly recommend it. It's a clean, crisp, and delicious hoagie with bright flavors. It's definitely not that garbage hoagie your drunk self orders that will grease your stomach lining.  But let me get to the main deal, the reason your ass came here. Pho. A broth heavy Viet beef soup. And Pho Palace's pho delivers. Great balance of deep flavors, good ratio of meat to noodles, just great all around. Sometimes on rainy days I think of this soup and I want nothing more than to cannon ball into a bowl of this stuff, no splash on the dive. Judging by the portion they provide, you honestly could, because it's huge. 

Service 4/5 
No complaints, they're very attentive and I've never once had to wait to be seated. Don't let that be a reflection of this place however, it's a hole in the wall in the outskirts of the city. 

Ambience 4/5
It's surprisingly nice and comfortable.  It's a pretty small spot but it doesn't get busy so it won't be much of a factor. The decor is welcoming and clean. No critique.
A friend decided to introduce me to Pho one night, and this place was the only Pho establishment open past 8PM on a Saturday in my area. Bravo to Pho Palace for realizing that people eat later on the weekend! 

We got our pho to go and everything was packaged very well and just how I like it -- separate! I found that this is definitely one of the main draws of Pho to this picky eater, I can put what I want in it and leave out all the crap that I usually spend the first 10 minutes of a meal picking off the plate. 

The Pho Tai Gau (eye-round steak and brisket) was out of this world. The broth is so flavorful, elevated by the spicy sriracha given on the side. The noodles were firm enough to pick up with chopsticks and not have them crumble. The meat was very tasty and fully cooked by the broth. 

I do have to say though, the phone etiquette leaves much to be desired. You're open until 9PM Pho Palace, so don't tell your paying customers calling at 8:10 that they better hurry because you're closing soon. Especially if you're not going to have the food ready for nearly 10 more minutes once we arrive. No five-star rating for you Pho Palace! Shape up, so says the Vietnamese Soup Nazi.
This should actually be between a 3.5 and 4.  So, I went to Pho Palace today with a friend of mine for "linner".  I've been dying to try it ever since it opened a couple weeks ago in NE Philadelphia.  Very friendly waitstaff and we were greeted as soon as we entered by, I think, one of the owners.  

I ordered the Pho with eye-round and flank steak.  It was delicious especially the meat...perfectly, cooked and tender and exactly the right amount.  Of course, the broth is what makes or breaks pho.  Here, the broth was good but not as good as other pho I've had, which is one of the reasons I gave it 3 stars instead of 4.  There was nothing wrong with it but it could have been better.  All the fix-ins were great...standard.  My friend got pho also and she enjoyed it.  She got the pad thai as well (which I didn't taste) and was disappointed.  The service was excellent and they let us linger for a long time even after we had paid the bill.  It wasn't crowded so maybe that's why we were allowed to but never did we feel we had to leave.  I will definitely return to this place because the food was good and it's conveniently located for me.  

Later, I went back to get a bbq pork banh mi and it did not disappoint!  Perfectly cooked meat---the right amount of seasoning, the bread was warm and crusty.  My only wish was that there should be more pickled veggies in it.  Don't get me wrong...I would order it again and again and again but would like more vegetables.  

Also, it's cash only.  They have an ATM inside if you need it!
Closest place I found in the area with decent Vietnamese food. Pho ia great and they also have boba drink and Vietnamese hoagies! Everything is all very delicious and the service is good. 

Check it out if you're in the mood for Vietnamese food.
Very good pho, salty in the end but very good. It's comparable to south Philadelphia's pho Saigon. However the size is ridiculously small. It's one size but for the price you are paying, you are not getting enough. If you order tendon, you get about 3-4 piece s. I thought it was hidden underneath the noodle and I am fishing around the bowl hoping this isn't it... Boy was I disappointed.

I give 4 stars for the taste but I am not so sure about returning here if I can find the same exact thing else where for double the quantity of the good stuff. I recommend they reconsider their pricing and perhaps add sizes to give customers a choice. Money is tight nowadays.
So great to have a Vietnamese Restaurant with a driving distance of just about 10 minutes. 

Came here tonight, a Friday around 7'ish. Moderate crowd.

Servers are very polite and attentive (and cute to boot!). They fill your water before you have a chance to put the cup down (which I don't mind).

The waiter was helpful in explaining the difference between the summer and spring roll (and of course I cracked a joke about it not being a difference of seasons, ha!). The Summer Rolls are not fried, so that was a better choice for me. I have never had a roll like that and it was a weird texture (the wrap), but I got over that quickly. The peanut dipping sauce was DELISH! 

Keep in mind that PHO is pronounced FUH.

I think I read here that a waiter suggested to the reviewer to order the Seafood Pho, so that is what I got. It was very good, but I have a heavy hand with the Sriracha, so I ended up putting way too much in. That was my own fault. Even tasting it before I added the spicy sauce, it was very good. This was my 3rd time having Pho, so I'm no pho'king (haha, get it?) expert! Everything tasted great and was fresh.

Not wanting dessert, I decided to go for a cup of their Hot Coffee with the Condensed milk. This was the first time for me. And boy was it good. The coffee was strong as a kick in the nuts (sorry, fellas), but because of  the condensed milk, it toned it down and gave it a nice creamy flavor & was very smooth. 

Overall it was a positive experience. Oh yeah, minus the demanding Russian dude who wanted sushi that was "off the menu," but something tells me he's friendly with the owner. It was quite entertaining, as I almost asked our waiter for some pizza... ya know, something off the menu! LOL 

Bright, clean and a friendly atmosphere. Will definitely return. I grabbed a menu on my way out. Pick-up sounds delightful. I might have to pop my Banh Mi cherry!
Pho Palace makes good pho.  Which is encouraging, since they are the palace after all.  My friend and I got our pho to go, which could be a tricky proposition.  However everything was packed separately and plenty of sauce and vegetables were allotted, which made for a lovely home pho experience.  We also tried pan fried dumplings which were exceptionally good.
I just wish the royal court at pho palace was a little nicer.  I called at 8:10pm for pick up and they close at 9.  I was told to hurry up.  I got there at 8:30 and it wasn't ready. Who should have done the hurrying, I ask? 
But whatever, I will definitely be back!
Having eaten at a lot of pho places around Philadelphia (Adams, Washington, etc), the food here IMO is terrible. My friends and I stopped here while waiting for car tinting to be done, and ordered pho, Thai tea and a traditional banh mi. The pho came and looked like the saddest bowl I had ever seen. Barely any substance, and such a small bowl! Perhaps I have been spoiled by the pho bowls at other places, but this one reminded me of the small size pho I'd order as a kid. The banh mi had more shredded carrots on top than anything else, and only a small smidgen of pate and mayo (the best parts!) and lacked in flavor. The Thai tea was clearly just some cheap powdered pack you could buy at the Asian supermarket; no real tea there. Needless to say, although I only visited to kill some time, we will not be returning again. See pictures :)
I seriously wish Yelp had 1/2 stars..... this place would be a 4 1/2, but I had to round do 3 star review coming. 

 I've passed this place SO many times and never stopped in. With each passing anticipation grew to try it. Tonight finally I got my chance. I expected more of a traditional restaurant then what I got. The restaurant was very small despite what it looked like from the outside. After we got seated we decided on our food and we waited. Finally after about 7 minutes the waitress comes by and asks us what we'd like. I explained an allergy and she was SO good about making sure what I ordered did not have my allergy in it. I ordered the summer roll and the beef and rice (#15). My husband wanted a pork Bahn Mi hoagie. There were 2 different pork Bahn Mi's on the menu. The waitress asked if he wanted the deli meat pork or the marinated pork. Politely, my husband responded that he wanted the marinaded pork. The waitress very snarky added that he ordered the wrong thing. At this point, I really felt like saying " who cares which one he ordered! You asked the right question and got the answer!!". I didn't say anything though because I was trying to be patient. Everything we had was delicious. My only complaint was that the egg that accompanied my #15 dish was over cooked. I literally could only eat the egg white. We will be back soon.
Haven't had a problem in the years I've been coming here. Prices are about on par with other pho locations. The interior is nice and clean. Bamboo wall art with a wooden overhang in the middle of the restaurant. They also serve bubble tea. To pay by card, the bill has to be over $15. The interior isn't terribly big, but the lay out of the booths and tables are nice because you aren't cramped on top of anyone else. Overall, great impression on their soup and pho dishes, summer rolls and bubble tea.
Very small portions and the service was horrible. The spring rolls were super tiny and they only offer one size pho, which looked like a small. Although noodles were soft, but broth was not hot enough. Save your money. Don't come here! You'll thank me later. :D
Maybe it was my low expectations going in but much to my surprise Pho Palace did not disappoint! I was in the area for an appointment on a rainy day after work and all I wanted was some hot soup (we all know the feeling, amiright?). PP came up on my quick Yelp search so I decided to give it a shot. The staff was super welcoming and the service was quick! I told my waitress that I was in a bit of a rush and the food was out by the time I got back from washing my hands. The place is nothing to rave about but the brisket pho was hot, flavorful, and came with all the extras on the side (though I later noticed I was missing basil!). For the price and the service, I'd definitely be back for a hot bowl of pho on a gloomy day.
I love pho. I really do! Came here on a whim since we were in the area. You'd think that with a name called Pho Palace that the atmosphere would match the name, but it doesn't! Don't expect anything fancy,, but the space is large, clean, bright, and comfortable. Cash only is a bummer, but there is an ATM on site.

For the pho, you can choose Med or Large bowl. In other words, are you hungry or super duper hungry? The difference is only a $1! Luckily, I ordered the medium bowl ($6.75) because that large bowl was HUGE! Today, I felt like eye-round, brisket, and flank! At our table, we also ordered the house special pad thai (small portion, but good!), and a few orders of the spring and summer rolls. Our pho came out before the appetizer rolls, but I'm not complaining. I was excited for my hot bowl of pho! The pho was average at best, but the summer rolls were very good!

Decent place for pho, especially in this area.
Late lunchtime.  Starving and getting over a cold so I decided to fill my belly with some nice hot pho.  Started with the summer rolls and they were mostly filled with noodles and lettuce or romaine) and very thin strips of small shrimps (not cut in half but in 3).  The roll was soft (fresh) and the peanut sauce the accompanied it was a nice consistency (not too thick or watery).  Had the pho (combo $7.50) and it looked like they skimped on the meat as there doesn't seem to be a lot of it.  The broth however was nice and piping hot which made up for the lackluster ingredients.  I looked over the next table and they had the rice plate and that looks quite appetizing and filling which I will give it a try next time I'm in the neighborhood.  Overall, prices were good, service is prompt and food was ok.
Pho Palace is a bit of a misnomer.  

The facility is minimalist in décor, and a bit dreary in furniture and lighting.  Hardly a palace.  Still, there is a reasonable trade off to be made if your goal is good Pho, Banh Mi, Com or Bun dishes.  There are Thai and Chinese offerings on the menu, but I have not gone there even though management and staff appears to be primarily Chinese.  

I ordered Banh Mi Thit Nuong (BBQ Pork Hoagie) and Pho Ga (Chicken Pho).  The Banh Mi was delivered on an oval plate over a strip of aluminum foil.  The torpedo roll was more Italian than French, with a thinner crust than a baguette, but toasted well.  The makings filled the bread with a nice quantity of tasty BBQ Pork, Daikon Radish, Cilantro, Carrots and Cucumber.  The mix crunched well and was quite satisfying.  My server assured me that the Banh Mi and a Medium Pho would not be too much for a meal.  He was right.  The sandwich was somewhat filling, but not so large as to be sufficient in and of itself.  I liked it and would definitely order it again.  

The Pho bowl was large enough to hold what seemed to be a liter of clear, well developed broth, loads of Chicken Slices, Onions, Scallions and a nest of Noodles. I spent a minute lifting and separating the clumped Noodles. After throwing in Bean Sprouts, Basil Leaves, Jalapenos, and Squeezed Lime Wedges, the bowl was overflowing and the aroma rich and comforting.  I loaded the side sauce dish with a Hoisin/Sriracha mix to dip the chicken, and settled in for a slurpy meal.  

Everything was pretty good, and the service was friendly and efficient.  

Adequate parking in front. Cash only with in house ATM.

So, how does this compare to the nearest other Vietnamese restaurant, House of Pho in Southampton?  I find them both good, perhaps appealing to different customers.  Where House of Pho offers a much nicer environment, Pho Palace is more basic and less comfortable.  The Banh Mi is House of Pho is higher quality; using real French Baguette, and more Pork.  The Pho in both locales are very close in quality and freshness of accessories.  To my palate, they are a draw.  Where Pho Palace has a distinct advantage is price.  The Banh Mi was only $3.75 - a (pardon me, I can't resist) PHOnominal price.  The Pho at $6.75/7.75 (Med/Lrg) is also lower than at the House.  

So, it comes down to what you need and want.  For a date or lux feel, House of Pho is the obvious choice.  You pay for it, but it may be worth it.  If only needing a solid tasty soup and sandwich, etc.,  without much environment, but saving a few bucks per person, Pho Palace is a very good alternative.  No doubt the rent each pays and the neighborhoods, have a lot to do with the prices on the menus.   Only separated by a few miles, the differences between Southampton and the Far Northeast Philly are considerable.  If I had to chose, House of Pho would be my first choice based on the overall experience from facility through food and ability to use credit cards.
One word AWESOME!!!! The prices are very low for the amount of food that you get, and the place is spotless! Owners and staff are also very nice! I get the grilled pork banh mi (which is basically a grilled pork hoagie with cilantro, pickled dikon & carrots, cucumber, and some sauce. I also get hosin on the side) and i get the cold Grilled Pork Spring rolls. They are not fried which makes them so delicious. The sauce that comes with them is amazing! I have had the Pho too! It was really flavorfully. Just be carefully and read the descriptions of each menu item. Some of the Pho has tripe or tendon in it. Also FYI they do NOT take credit cards. There is a ATM inside.
Delicious pho and vietnamese cuisine!!! Their prices are extremely reasonable and their food is out of this world!!! The grilled pork banh mi (which is basically a grilled pork hoagie with cilantro, pickled dikon & carrots, cucumber, and some sauce. I also get hosin on the side)is delicious, and the cold Grilled Pork Spring rolls are divine!!! A must try in Bucks county!
4 solid stars for Pho Palace and this would have been a 5 star restaurant if all of our order didn't come out all at once. 

Tip... make it very clear how you want your course brought out or do as I plan on doing next time,ordering each item after I finish the prior.Service is quick here. Whoever is in the kitchen cranks it out . 

.We ordered a Chicken hoagie to split as an appetizer and shared a med. size bowl of Beef Pho.We also had a rice noodle dish with chicken and a spring roll combo 
.We also ordered to go 2 Vietnamese hoagies at a mere $3.75 a piece..My dining companion was so enthralled by the Vietnamese sandwiches he plans on getting several for the up coming football game. 

We also enjoyed vodka sour cocktails which we able to bring from home since this is a BYOB with our what would be labeled as popular 
Vietnamese Street food. 

The coffee looked wonderful and I did get to enjoy the wafting scent from a 
neighboring table ,but alas it was to late to order some if I wanted to sleep tonight. 

Turn off ,whats with cash only???? Hmmmmm.Yes there is an ATM there but 
so unheard of today.Luckily we were flush tonight and it didn't make a difference
After having several occasions to order to-go items from this restaurant , the food has been coming out hit or miss.The Vietnamese hoagies( Banh mi )are starting to come home filled with skimpy, fatty and grisly meat.I hope this is not a sign of things to come.Like most I want to avoid schleping into the traffic of Adams ave.It would be sad to see such a close location go downhill.
I seriously can not believe how huge their portions are. For $7.95 I got a bowl of pho large enough to bathe a small child in. It was awesome because I had so much to take home, and you can't beat that price. 

The pho itself is very good. The broth is a little more delicate than others, but still very well-balanced and tasty. Our server was also very attentive and made us very comfortable. Next time I go, I'll try their vietnamese hoagie!
The quality and service has dipped recently. They quite aren't the same without previous owner, Bill. The lady who took the order over the phone isn't the most welcoming person. They do have protective glass installed to encourage social distancing. As for the food. The vermicelli bowl was smaller and the taste was lacking. The beef stew was still good; however, I wish they included the roll which I'm guessing the bakery they order from is still closed. The pho with beef and tripe wasn't bad but it doesn't taste as good as it used to. I'll have to come back another time when I'm in the area to give them another chance.
This is our go to Pho spot if we don't want to travel down to the city or Cheltenham area.  The owners are so sweet and always remember us.  The spring rolls are always a must for us since their duck sauce concoction is bomb.  I'm an adventurous eater so I always get the phone with all the goodies and yes that includes tripe.  The broth is flavorful and you can tell it's been cooked for the right amount of time.  The food always comes out quick and is consistent every time we come in.  Also the coconut juice/water is refreshing and inspired me to to visit the local Chinese market and buy in bulk.
The food used to be good but the last few times they forgot food items and they would not return the money to my card after I drove 30 minutes to pick my food up and return back home. They were very rude and didn't solve the issue. They kept telling me there was no manager on duty. I was furious, very poor customer service.  I will not order anymore and I will alert family and friends who normally order from here as well.
This is my go-to spot in the neighborhood for Pho. I have had better, but those locations are a bit of a drive. Prices are not outrageous and location is very convenient.

Typically, I order Pho w/ eye round steak & brisket. My mom raves about the Pho w/ chicken, since she's not a fan of steak & its scent. Today she tried Pho w/ grilled marinated pork and shrimp. She was skeptical but wanted to try something new and was glad that she did! The pork & shrimp was separate from the soup, allowing you to customize your meal. The pork and shrimp were seasoned very well and gave the Pho broth a nice level of spice. We both LOVE the summer rolls and the peanut dipping sauce that comes with it. Honestly, we crave the sauce more than the roll itself. On previous occasions, we've had the banh mi here and it does not disappoint either.

My only con would be that their Thai tea is not very consistent. Sometimes it's sweet, and sometimes it's lacking sweetness. I've had it before and been extremely pleased, but tonight not so much. Nevertheless, I always leave Pho Palace satisfied with a full stomach. It is a great place in the neighborhood if you're looking for a quick bite and good service.
The marinated pork and shrimp pho is amazing.  The spring rolls are tasty too. The service is polite and fast.
So I gave in.
I didn't think I could like another Pho place after my love affair with Pho Saigon in the city... and I cant say I'm in love just yet but I'm satisfied to have found decent Pho in my new neighborhood!
The broth is good, flavorful, and filling. I am annoyed that the chopsticks are bamboo so I prefer to take out. The music in the restaurant is super annoying! Next will have to try the bahn mi's!
A change up of owners has brought a even better Pho Palace than in the past. They now take credit cards and the Ban mi is greatly improved. The prices are very reasonable. I would have given  them a 5 stars for food but they were under construction when we went and we could hear the hammering next door. We look forward to returning to an old friend.
Great food! Love the banh mi and also it's a very comfortable atmosphere. The meat is juicy and flavorful. The summer roll is also very good and fresh!
For pho that's not directly in the city I can rate this place 5 stars. They have a pretty wide variety of pho. The broth is good, which at other pho places in the suburbs is either bad or inconsistent.  The price is also very reasonable.  The place is very clean as well.  For a pho place that is only 15min. from where I live it is great.
Not a shabby place. Very nice decor. 

Had a food about of appetizers. The pho is actually pretty good! 

Appetizers:
Fried Dumping - Delicious! 
Summer Rolls - Okay, felt like there was an insane amount of lettuce opposed to the vermicelli
Fried eggrolls - Needs more meat but relatively good

Pho - The soup base is delicious!
I went to Pho Palace on the recommendation of the Yelp reviewers.  It is the closest Pho joint near my place of business in Bensalem.

  I have to say that the restaurant is very clean and the staff is very pleasant.

  I ordered the House Pho #44 large and was told that they only had one size Medium.  This was after I saw multiple photos of large bowls here on the site.  To say that it was a medium was a stretch. It was more like a small.  The broth was very bland and did not pack the normal layers of taste that you normally find in most decent Pho joints.  There was one meatball( 2-halves) and almost no meat.  

  I also ordered the spring roll and they were not too bad.  

  All and all this place is not up to par with the Pho joints closer to center city and in New Jersey.  Portions are too small and the prices are too large for what you get.

  I guess it is back to schlepping down to Adams Ave for great Pho.

   I probably won't be back.
Always come here. Very friendly staff, food is great and ready quick. Charbroiled pork and summer rolls are phenomenal.
I feel bad give this place only 2 stars because the staff was nice, it was just weird. I like Pho places where they pretty much specialize in only Pho. This place had a large n strange menu. Me and my daughter shared summer rolls to start, the peanut dipping sauce was delish, but the roll was rubbery, but I've only ever had spring rolls, so maybe that's just the texture of summer rolls. Healthier, not bad. I got a seafood Pho, and the seafood was kinda gross, so I picked it out. The broth was boring. My daughter got general tso's chicken, and that was good. It didn't seem to be typical generals, it wasn't deep fried, crunchy and hard, and seemed like it was healthier, it wasn't bad. I just felt that the place was weird. They were playing freestyle music, which I like, but it wasn't the right environment for it. And the cashier was Russian. It was just weird.
Very good! Service was on point. Very pleasant staff. Clean environment tho a bit "cold". Everything we ordered was tasty. Pho Ga (chicken pho) hit the spot tonight. We ordered several different dishes. Large portions. Liked them all. The only plate we ordered that I LOVED was the steamed dumplings. I order them all the time & they were great here!! We ordered ALOT of food for Little money.
The atmosphere is fine but other than that it's pretty sub-par. I've eaten many a bowl of Pho, especially since I am Vietnamese and I've heard about this place so I decided to try it with some family. 

Here are my Oh No No's:

1. No one that worked there spoke Vietnamese.... but.... it's a Vietnamese restaurant...
2. I got a bowl of Pho Dac Biet (House Special Pho) but I had to order it by number because again... no one spoke Vietnamese. 
3. The portion sizes were too small. 
4. It was kinda pricey for the portion sizes.
5. The soup itself had a ridiculous amount of MSG and salt. As I am writing this my mouth is completely and utterly dry like the sahara and unfortunately the sacred waters of Lake Minnetonka would not be able to quench my thirst.
6. Did I mention that it's a Vietnamese restaurant but no one spoke Vietnamese? I don't know about you but when I eat cultural or ethnic cuisine that hasn't been "evolved" by Hipsters... I would really prefer for the feeling to be as authentic as possible.

I will definitely not go out of my way to go eat here again when there is Pho 75, Pho & More 2, Pho Viet, and Pho Quyen which is way closer to my house.  If you want to enjoy a good bowl of pho or better Vietnamese food that is authentic in taste and people, try any of the places that I just listed.
I live in NYC, just visiting family in NE Philly, and I must say the pho I had here was better than what I get in Chinatown in NYC, and at half the price! We also had the calamari salad and the bahn mi sandwiches, which were both good for the price. We will be back when we come back to the northeast.
This place is so good, it made me jump back on yelp as its been a while. I get the pho palace dish which is the pho noodles with cooked pork and cooked shrimp. It is Loaded with broth, jalepenos on the side with sprouts and basil. YUM! The meat made it to the very last spoonful. Very generous portion at an incredible value- just $8.95. I would recommend this place to anyone in the area looking for a nice bowl of noodles! I absolutely crave these noodles now and will be back MANY, MANY, more times!
Went here yesterday for a bowl of Pho as I have driven by this place several times but never stopped in.

I only had the Pho Tai (number 9 I think).  I have to agree with Jessica E's review on the Pho broth.  It wasn't as complex as some I've had and it looked like it was watered down or something.  It just didn't look as thick or rich as my favorite places like xe lua (chinatown), pho 75 (so. philly) and pho hoacali (San Diego).  I even added more sriracha than I usually do and it still didn't help.  Because I was hungry and I was craving some soup, it did hit the spot and I ate the whole thing but it was definitely missing something.

The staff was cool though.
What a nice operation. From the greeting to the good-bye, everything flows (+ tastes) as it should. Lunch or dinner, dining here is a very nice (+ tasty) experience. Nothing about the food seems exceptionally complicated (their pho is complex, but not complicated).
It's just  very GOOD, GOOD, GOOD !!
If you enjoy (or want to try) Vietnamese food, this is a terrific spot to hit. I've been here several times, tried many different dishes and can't imagine anyone being disappointed.

PS--Kudos to the owners for their choice of furnishings (tables, chairs, etc) and cleanliness, further distancing Pho Palace from other strip mall restaurants.
Very good! Service was on point. Very pleasant staff. Clean environment tho a bit "cold". Everything we ordered was tasty. Pho Ga (chicken pho) hit the spot tonight. We ordered several different dishes. Large portions. Liked them all. The only plate we ordered that I LOVED was the steamed dumplings. I order them all the time & they were great here!! We ordered ALOT of food for Little money.
I love this place. My girlfriend is actually obsessed with it. The pho is excellent. I usually get the Pho Tai. Some of their non vietnamese cuisine is great too. I recommend the pork dumplings and pad thai. Also, the service is incredible. Fast and extremely accomodating. It's really the best service I've ever experienced at a restaurant. Oh, and it's dirt cheap. Awesome food, great service and cheap... what else do you need to know?
I will never go to this place again. The service is THE WORST. My family and I were eating and in the MIDDLE of our meal, the owner came to us and said that their workers are "tired" and "wants to go home" and put the bill on our table and made us pay and leave. Again this was 45 minutes to their closing time. Don't ever come here. They are terrible human beings.
Never usually do these but this last trip was too bad not to share!
Used to love going here but on this last trip, the portions were horribly small and found a surprise in the spring roll.  Is it a string or a hair?  It was super long, a big chunk of it not shown in this picture.
The pho was like a kids meal, how do justify serving that to an adult?!
Pho Palace is far from a palace or any royal dining for that matter. 

The waiters mean well and are nice and attentive to your needs, but it does seem a little unorganized.  What I've seen common in other pho places is your waiter doesn't always bring out your food, and this place is no different.  But in this case, the wrong food was brought to our table.  This food carrier gave us a baffled look when we said none of us ordered a certain dish, and took the order back to the kitchen. We eventually got the proper order after a "Sorry, wrong table."  We were drinking a lot of water and the waiter was nice enough to leave a pitcher with us, even though we didn't ask for it.

The pho was decent given the restaurant location. Bowls were generously sized, and tripe (my favorite) was an option. 

The Bo kho, on the other hand, was a mess. It was, by far, the worst I've ever had. In fact, I wouldn't even know it was bo kho if I was blind folded!  It was extremely bland, and the consistency of the broth was exactly like Canned Beef Stew (think Dinty Moore). The beef fell apart in my mouth like wet dog food. Absolutely no flavor whatsoever. It was like dipping bread in murky water. The more I think about it, the more convinced I am that it was a canned beef stew.

The pho was good, so I would return for that, but the bo kho makes me question if they are taking other shortcuts in the kitchen.
Love this place! Everything good on the menu. Try the "Bun"- rice vermicelli with grilled pork and spring rolls. Also the beef braised soup is good to go on a cold night
The Pho and Banh Mis are outstanding! My wife and I love this place and it's become our "go to" Vietnamese spot. I love pork fried rice and try it everywhere and I think Pho Palace's grilled pork fried rice is the best you can find! Try it and you won't be disappointed!
Pho is a very popular Vietnamese dish. It's very hard to mess it up because all you need to do is add all the ingredients in and boil the broth for a few hours. Just like any other broth, the longer you boil it the better the broth will be. Well this place seems to be saving big time on their gas bill and grocery bill.  The broth was plain and have no taste to it.  For a first timer for Pho, you would probably think this place is the BEST and Pho is good, well that's probably because you never had better.  There isn't much of an "asian" audiences near this place so they get away with it.  I took two of my co-workers there and they loved.  They were too nice is all i can say.  Even the service was bad because the waiter seems a bit racist or hating the image of an asian guy hanging out with two americans.  That's the feeling i got from the waiter...

Really??? this day in age it's just sad to see people are still racist.   I mean almost everywhere you go you see diversity. ALMOST.  So for someone to be racist, that person is really the minority now a day.
The Pho was delicious, but it's a shame that poor service and bad attitude on both of my visits have me posting such a review. I will not visit here again! Not a friendly staff. I thought it was maybe a bad day on the first visit, but after tonight it was easy to tell its just their attitude.
Cozy & comfortable. Excellent location. Versatile menu. Delicious Pho.

 The Pho broth is delicious and easily customizable with available condiments. The portions and prices are very reasonable. Im not a big fan of the crab and tomatoe soup but who really comes to a Pho place for crab and tomatoe soup anyway? The summer rolls are good and the penut dipping sauce is VERY tasty. The calmari salad is light and delicious. I havent had any of the vietnamise hogies but I hear they are delicious as well. 
This is by far my favorite lunch spot. The food is quick and consistantly yummy.
Pho that will change your life. Seriously, these guys do beautiful work with pho and everything else I've ever tried on the menu has been excellent. Altogether a great restaurant.
Very average Pho.
Ugh...each time I come here the food is worse and worse. The last time I came here the pho tasted so watery I wasn't  even sure if they used broth. The spring rolls weren't much better. If it wasnt for the service here this would definitely be a one star restaurant.
I've now been here twice so I felt like it was time for a review. The Phò here is pretty great. The broth is tasty and almost soothing. The pan fried pork dumplings have an effect on me that I can only equate to what I would imagine crack does for a vagrant.  My fiance has ordered the pad thai both times and both times it was exceptional. The service, while not bad persay, could use some improvement. The interior, which left a lot to be desired my first visit back in 2013, has dramatically improved. Now this place is damn near the complete package.
Was thinking of getting Pho but decided to forgo and got Bun instead. Got the Bun special #24. Been coming here for years and have never been disappointed. The pork and shrimp was delicious with the rice vermicelli. Love adding the Vietnamese Fish Sauce (Nc Chm). Good to have an eatery like this where you don't have to go into Center City for Vietnamese food. Plenty of free parking too.
Best pho in the area! Their pork egg rolls are delicious. Singapore noodles I had last time was great, so much seafood. Great prices, especially for the amount of food you get. Defiantly stop by if you're in the area, variety of different dishes.
I wish I could give 3.5 stars~
Came here for the first time and I enjoyed myself.
The server was friendly
The Pho was great!
The Vermicelli bowl was decent, wish it was bigger~
The Viet Hoagies weren't bad either, for the price it was actually pretty good, they toasted the bread a little tad much~
I didn't understand why they put a 20% gratuity for a table of 4 adults and 2 kids, I've never heard of gratuity for such a small table, but whatever floats their boat. I would have left 20% anyway, but just having it added seemed a little strange.
Overall, i was happy with my first visit. 
Future references, just get the Pho, it was Delish!
Everything else was just ok.
Back then,  they used to have two sizes of pho and there was enough meat for every bite of noodle (which made it our favorite spot). Unfortunately, today will be our last day eating here. They recently changed their pho to one size only,  no big deal right? Except now there's five bites of noodle and three small pieces of meat for $8-9  and the soup tastes like salt water. 

I understand if that is a chef/management issue,  but instead of offering to change the meal to something else, we got the generic "oh that's all we have and that's how we serve it" and he told us we can go elsewhere if we didn't like it. 

We can get a bowl in South Philly for cheaper with ten times the amount of meat and noodles, WITH BETTER SERVICE. Needless to say, we walked out and won't be returning.
Must be under new management because this used to be our go to place for pho but no more. Walked in tonight and there was two tables seated and eating so one would think that the service would be great. Normally we are seated and a waiter would ask what you want to drink before you could look at the menu but not this time we were basically ignored for a few minutes before we were seated while the lady went about what she was doing and only till then we're we showed to our table and their we sat for ten minutes ready to order no drinks like we didn't exist at that point we got up and walked out only at that time did we finally hear the lady speak when she said thank you for what I don't know. I don't see this place lasting to much longer service is terrible and the menu has shrunk from 4 pages to a laminated 2 page piece of paper. I would give 0 stars if able but then I couldn't write this review.
I've been here only a couple of times for quick, cheap, and close Vietnamese food.  And recently, it seems like they've improved their pho! Even my boyfriend,  who is a harsh pho critic, concurs. 

Their steamed pork dumplings were delish. I had #16 pho with meatballs plus everything else and it hit the spot. And I always get dessert, because all three is under $30.
The interior is definitely nice, the pho was a little watered down and lacking in flavors but the basil and beef helped with that. I've definitely had better pho, try the pho down in South philly it's amazing. The Thai tea is pretty good (I'm pretty sure it's legit and not the powder version), Cappa strawberry and caramel was incredibly yummy. It was decent pricing for everything. I would come back to try the rest of the desert if nothing else
Would give 0 stars if I could. This place has topped as the worst service I've EVER had at a restaurant. I understand our waiter was new and visibly nervous, but forgetting to put in our order, making us wait for nearly an hour without checking on us, and never receiving a personal apology for any of his myriad of mistakes is absolutely unacceptable. 

On top of all of this, once we complained to management about the abhorrent service, she began to defend the server and taking offense to our discontent. What should have been easily resolved with an apology from the server and, at MINIMUM, comping the appetizers was not, and instead turned into the worst customer service experience I've had. Down to the manager insulting our personal intelligence. Never again.
As a former loyal patron of Pho Palace, I would have rated this establishment at 5 stars. However, after my experience yesterday, I will not be frequenting this restaurant, nor recommending it to others, any more from this point forward. As always, the food was delicious. It tasted fresh, and the only pitfall to the food quality was finding large chunks of fat on the meatballs of the pho; this was expected, as it had happened in the past on numerous occasions. Aside from this, I still ate here, as the food was great otherwise, and the service was polite, quick, and accurate. Upon finishing our meal and being presented with the check, my party of two stayed seated at the table as we finished our beverages. On four occasions, three different servers, looked over the shoulder of the other person of my party, to see if money or a card had been laid out for payment. As we were still sitting and talking, we did not have any method of payment on the table as of yet. Then, an older woman who I assume to be the manager, came over, put her hands on the table, and said, "You need to pay now because we have people waiting, and they need to be seated." Never have I been asked to leave a restaurant because I was "taking too long". Pho Palace will NEVER get business from me, or anyone close to me that heeds my suggestions, in the future. I can get the same quality food, with excellent customer service, at numerous locations within a mere ten miles of Pho Palace. This place is no diamond in the rough, and deserved no more than the $0.01 tip that was left from me during my final dining experience.
5 STAR- 
WAIT A SECOND, DID I JUST TELEPORT TO VIETNAM?
That's how authentic this place is!
My Favorite Vietnamese place outside Da Nang
Service is amazing food is even better
I would eat here every day

The pork is cooked to perfection and everything is always fresh

Good-EVERYTHING
BAD-NOTHING
Great pho! We were sad to leave pho behind when we moved out of Philly, but Pho Palace is every bit as good as any Chinatown or Washington Avenue spot. Delicious broth, tasty meat, real portions, friendly service, cheap prices. What a contrast to Basil Leaf in Newtown and Savor Saigon in Levittown! One nitpick: a warmed porcelain bowl on a warmed porcelain plate would keep the Pho warm for a much longer time than plastic.
They recently changed their menu, no medium or large bowls to choose from anymore, it's one size now, and for me, the new, one size only is not enough to fill me up. I gave them 4 stars before, and had to reduce it down to a 2 star. I was a weekly customer, but I will find another place. What a shame, this really upset me.
The Phó hasnt changed, and their broth on a scale from 1-10, 10 being the best, is hovering around a 6.5, not too much to places in the area to choose from so you take what you can get.
This place is definitely among the better Pho places I've tried--anywhere.  It may not be the best of the best, but given its location, it's very good, and there's no question: compared to other restaurants in this strange part of far-north Philly, it's solidly 5-stars.  I've been here a few times and it's been consistently good.

The pho is classic, and not too salty, ingredients are very fresh, broth has a balanced flavor.  The summer rolls are also good.  The menu mostly centers around pho, but there are a number of other items too, and they are also very good.

Atmosphere is very casual, but nice.  Spacious.  Service was good.

You really can't go wrong with this place!
