THE best pho place in Philly. Here's 3 reasons why:

1) BROTH- The pho broth is what gives the soup its distinct character. There are more than one way to make pho broth, but a good pho broth must follow certain rules and standards. This broth comes out hot, not salty, not too greasy, and most importantly, leaves behind no MSG aftertaste. 

2) NOODLES- Fresh. Tender yet not too soft. Copious amount.

3) MEAT- Ample portion of thinly sliced beef. Very tender. Not at all scant, chewy, or bland.

Fast & Cheap as well.

Go to 1100 S Columbus Blvd for the best Pho in Philly.
Sitting in the strip commercial center at the corner of Columbus Boulevard and Washington Avenue, Pho Saigon is a typical looking large roomed pho house that gives the feeling of a cafeteria.  Service is friendly and efficient.  Apologies were sincere when advised that they were out of Bun Bo Hue before 8 pm.  I settled on another option (Pho Tai), and was very satisfied with that large bowl.  Superior broth, strong noodle mound properly cooked, and plenty of beef and accoutrements. Definitely on the high end of the satisfaction scale.

Yet, the Summer Rolls were a bit disappointing.  The Shrimp appeared to be sliced so thin that they could not be tasted along with the other ingredients.  That, and the cool skin of the wrap was too close to room temp, thus deprived of the coolness of the app.  The Peanut Sauce was adequate, but thinner than most.  

The house was three quarters full this Saturday evening, and the HDTVs were showing college football games.  

The Pho hit the spot, but everything else seemed a step below top quality, and exhausting the Bun Bo Hue so early was certainly a strategic blunder.  

With all the other excellent options for Vietnamese cuisine in the area, there is no compulsion to return to Pho Saigon anytime soon.
I went from hating pho to craving Pho Saigon 6/7 days a week, year-round. 

The place isn't super gritty but it's definitely not a place you take someone on a date. Modest décor but fast service and decent seating. It doesn't even matter what the place looks like because you will be too distracted by the mouth-watering pho to notice anything around you. The broth is seasoned beautifully with plenty of scallions. I get the pho tai and the beef is always delicious. Nice big portions, even if you opt out of a large bowl. My friends laugh at me because I always drink all the broth, leaving the vermicelli if I get too full. The broth is absolutely perfect and I haven't found a pho place that comes close. Finish the meal off with a strong cafe sua da- the perfect combo of strong drip coffee and condensed milk. Yum

Hungover? Have a cold? Feeling down? Pho Saigon is the solution.
My favorite Vietnamese restaurant of all time! I LOVE their amazing pho ga (chicken pho noodle soup), which is made with fresh chicken. Their soup broth is very tasty+flavorful and the accompanying ginger dipping sauce for the chicken is so delicious. My usual order is a small bowl of pho ga with another half of their steamed fresh chicken. My husband loves their pho bo (beef pho noodle soup) and pho ga.

They also have some good rice dishes (bbq pork chops/ chicken/ beef) We've been coming here for over 5 years and nothing can compare; this place has always been consistent with their food and service. I still haven't been able to find another Viet restaurant that serves pho ga with fresh chicken, every place I've tried it from just uses white meat chicken. If you want a good bowl of pho, then this is the place to go.
I made my first visit to Pho Saigon more than 5 years ago. During this visit I ordered white meat chicken soup. The entire bowl seemed as if it was missing something, Oh yes I remember... taste. No matter how much spice I added I just could seem to pull the flavor out of that bowl. The chicken was bland, and the noodles and broth couldn't seem to help. I understand you don't want seasoned meat to over power the entire dish but a little salt & pepper never hurt anyone. A friend frequently dines at Pho Saigon and he has assured me that it is not my taste buds failing me. 

I made my second trip to Pho Saigon earlier this week. As I stated earlier, I have avoided dining at this place for years due to my first visit being unmemorable. I stayed cleared of the chicken this time around and decided to go with the beef stew noodle soup. What a difference. Even though I added a teaspoon of sirachia, the soup contained more flavor this time around; much more flavor. 

Between my initial and previous visits to Pho Saigon, I came across a couple of places serving significantly better noodle soup like Sang Kee Noodle House, and Joe's Peking Duck House. Yes, both establishments are located on the other side of the Delaware River. Even though my recent experience trumped the first, it wasn't enough to put Pho Saigon my list of go to establishments when looking for soup.
i have mixed feelings about this place... 

i got the pho ga and it cost me $11.. then tax n tip which makes it the most expensive chicken pho i've ever had.. 

the bowl of noodles tasted ok.  not sure how it differentiates from any other decent bowl of pho.  they did give a generous portion of chicken.

also, i had a horrible experience with parking in the center that it's located in... for some reason, all the parking spots were taken that day and people resorted to double parking! i had no choice really but to leave my car by the fence which made me very paranoid the whole time i was dining with my friends.. 

i dun really get the appeal of pho saigon for me to return..  i'd probably opt for somewhere else whether it's pho or not.
This is probably the best pho place in Philly. Their pho broth is always deep in flavor, pho noodles are cooked right, they provide the right amount of pho and meat to broth and it's always a tasty experience. Other than pho they serve up numerous of traditional Vietnamese dishes like goi cuon, com suon, bun thit nuong, hu tieu, banh xeo and plenty of desserts; Che. The place is overall clean and the big windows bring in plenty of light. It's conveniently located in a shopping center with plenty of parking slots. The servers are always friendly. My go-to spot for pho in Philly. So why the 3 stars? It simply isn't better than my mom's! Haha! 

For the ultimate pho experience set up a small dish provided by the chopsticks and spoons and fill it with half hoisin and half sriracha sauce, either dip your meat in the sauce or use your chopsticks to pick up sauce and smear it on the spoonful of pho noodles, meats and herbs then consume!
Great Vietnamese spot on Columbus BLVD, located in a shopping plaza right next to Ruby Buffet and Masquerade. Here, you can experience great Vietnamese cuisine even if you don't speak Vietnamese fluently. I noticed that a lot of diners were American and that the waiters spoke English too. So everyone is welcomed here! 

The Pho broth is really good, I ordered the original special pho. My only complaint is that the broth wasn't steaming hot. But this is a personal preference because I like my soups to be extremely hot and my cold foods freezing. 

In addition, the restaurant does have to-go foods available at the counter. So if you don't have time to sit and dine, you can take out or grab something fast.
Food we usually get:

-Pho with rare steak
-Pork chops with broken rice (amazing)
-Summer rolls (fresh)

Service: Mediocre

Decor: Casual
Brand-new pho place on the corner of Columbus Blvd and Washington Ave, right next to Halloween Masquerade.  

Like Ryan S. said, this place is rock-solid, and a groovy alternative to Pho Hoa on 11th.  I went on a Wednesday afternoon and it was hopping, with a largely Asian customer-base (always a good sign!).  

The pho tai was tasty, their cafe sua nong was fine, and their BBQ pork summer rolls rocked the house.  Really, really good.

The place is comfortable, the service is friendly, and the bathrooms are immaculate and new.  

I will be choosing this place over the other pho places up the street because of the super-tasty food, but also: super-convenient parking.  Woot!

Note: They take plastic, but only if you're charging more than $15.  Plan accordingly.
I used to like this Vietnamese spot for it's convenient parking and reliably tasty food. I usually get the broken rice with BBQ beef. 

I went earlier this week and was disappointed by the small amount of beef on my plate. There were only 2 pieces when I typically get about 5 or 6! 

I sent this back to the kitchen telling them I usually get more meat, and they came back with the same two pieces cut in half.

I also got vermicelli with BBQ pork to go and they weren't good cuts of pork... On top of that, it was overly salty and overcooked. 

I guess they're trying to cut costs, but this restaurant isn't what it used to be!
Not bad but not the best either. I was ready to give this place five stars after my first visit, but subsequent ones have led me to refrain. My first bowl of pho here was amazing! I ordered the rib eye and brisket combination. It was all you could ever ask for- there was tons of meat and a lot of flavor (most likely a msg overload in hindsight). The only bad thing was that we came out smelling like the joint. 

I guess my soul did an imaginary trade off with the pho gods because this time the soup was bland and the meat was sparse. Yet, we did roll out without the restaurant radiating off our clothes and hair. Pho Saigon is decent, but I hope they find a middle ground between msg explosion and nutraloaf.
Like I said in my previous review, I like to give places a second chance, just in case I had a one-off experience.  Well, let's just say that they will definitely get 4 stars in consistency because they were still below par.  I have to say that their pho quality increased a bit but their service is still horrible.  There was still a long wait for service and for food and we didn't even get everything we ordered!  When we went to pay and tried to take off the item that we didn't receive, it took forever too!! I tried to give them a second chance, but sorry, Pho Saigon is just not for me.
Hidden yet delicious pho in the heart of Viet-town in southeast Philly! Got the pho tai nam #61 - steak and flank with some veggies and the classic shared bean sprouts with lemon in the middle of the table, all for just $6 each! I love pho and its lightness on the palate, but there is plenty of sriracha and chili sauce on the table to spice things up. They gave me lots of beef (aka not just a diluted pot of noodles) that was well done the way I like it. Plus friendly service, great prices, open parking lot, mints at the entrance/exit... Can't get better!
This is my spot for authentic pho and Vietnamese food. My family always go to Pho Saigon whenever we want a decent and authentic bowl of pho. The broth is very flavorful. Other dishes on the menu is fair game. You will not disappointed when you eat here. 
The poace can get very busy during peak hours and on the weekends but the wait is never longer than 10 minutes. The servers are veryquick, friendly and accomodating. As for the drinks, I love their smoothies especially avocado and durian (you either hate it or love it with Durian). They have the best Vietnamese iced coffee in South Philly! The flavor is strong but you can still taste the sweetness afterward. If you are advenurous and want to give it a modern twist, add jelly to the drink :)
I never had any negative experiences here and this place will remain my go-to spot for pho and other vietnamese dishes. I would recommend this place to anyone cause it's that good!!
I usually go to Nam Phung but parking in that plaza requires a miracle on Sundays, and so I came to Pho Saigon. The portions are bigger. I believe their smaller bowl is almost equivalent to other pho places' large bowl. The broth had too much cilantro that covered its true taste, so it makes me think they put MSG. 

I have to say the service was super fast and we were attended to right away and received our food within 10 minutes. The price and potions are great! I would come back here again if I were in a hurry and hungry!
My go to vietnamese restaurant when I'm in Philly.  Parking is plentiful so never a pain to get to!Their small pho is the equivalent of a large one in NYC... plus they don't skimp on the fixngs.  The broth is perfect and the toppings plentiful.  I love that they have a lot of the traditional dishes on the menu-- sugarcane app, salted lemon drink, etc.
There are only two things on the menu I get: large pho (special +beef balls -tripe) and summer rolls. I'm pretty obsessed with the pho here and crave it once or twice a week. I occasionally get the shrimp in sugar cane and nibble off of others rice and chicken/pork which is also very good! Thumbs up on incredibly fast service. Even on a busy Sunday afternoon it only takes but 15 minutes to get seated. A star short for having hair in my soup. Just a little more careful when ordering my pho from here. Still come here, hair in pho or not. I still dub thee best pho around.
Pho done right! The pho broth here is amazing. Not to oily and lots of flavor. I also loved how they didn't short change me on the beef leaving a good beef to noodle ratio. The the spring rolls were average, I've had better. Finally, the French iced coffee with condensed milk was excellent. The best I've had in recent memory. Service was good, but it took us some time to place an order mainly because we were seated in the front of the restaurant (the wait staff tended to congregate toward the back). I will definitely be back again.
I was here last year & the Pho was very good. Broth was flavourful. Tendons were tender. Noodles were the right texture.

Also tried a bit of the BBQ & that was tasty too.

Pho Saigon is definitely one of the better options around if you're looking for Pho or rice/meat dishes.
Came into this place based off of my sister's recommendation, and I must say that it did not disappoint. We were seated immediately when we walked in, and we were given the menus to order. The menu has many pho options, and each item has a number and description. This makes ordering a lot easier. You simply give your server the number of the item you are ordering, and they bring it to you.

The waiters waited patiently for us to decide what we were ordering, and they gave descriptions of items when we asked for clarification. We ordered a few appetizer items of veggie and seafood summer rolls, and they tasted great. 

Everyone I was eating with ordered the 'Beef Pho with Rare Steak,' and it was exceptional. The large versus regular size option has only a one dollar difference, so we all went with the large. The portion is huge, and incredibly filling if you can even finish it. The flavor of the broth was great, and the servers supplied us with ample bean sprouts, basil, and limes for topping. The waiters were very friendly and accommodating. 

The overall value for around 10-12 dollars for a bowl of genuine pho is incredible. The taste is great, and the ambiance is not bad. Additionally, this restaurant is in a shopping center with a parking lot, which is great being that Philly can sometimes be difficult to finding parking. The bathrooms are soo decent, but could use some improvement. 

Overall, Pho Saigon is a great spot for affordable and genuine pho with great service.
I have officially tried almost every pho in South Philly. My boyfriend and I ordered the Bun Bo Hue (spicy beef soup with rice noodle) and the traditional beef pho. Both were very good but we both agreed that we liked the broth of the beef pho better. We also had the pork rolls as an appetizer; I wasn't a fan but that is probably because I prefer shrimp or veggie over pork. I took the pork out and enjoyed. 

Pros: 
- Easy parking in lot
- Quick and friendly service
- Inexpensive
- Huge bowls of soup
- Tasty pho

Cons:
- I wasn't a fan of the peanut sauce. The peanut sauce was a light brown like the color of Skippy peanut butter and tasted too much like peanut butter for my liking. I know that it is called "peanut sauce" for a reason but I prefer the darker peanut sauce that has less of a peanut flavor.
Too notch service and sensational food.  The BBQ pork summer rolls are so delicious.  The traditional shrimp and pork summer roll is equally delicious.  The pho is as good as it gets.
So here's where all the vietnamese people are! 

So out of the way. I'm just glad there is parking available. Super busy, but they turnover tables quickly. I didn't have the pho, but I will once I'm feeling that itch and willing to brave the real crappy traffic that is out that-a-ways.
Really good!! Fast service and great food. Try their vietnamese iced coffee while you're there. To die for.
I come here pretty often because it is very close to my apartment. It's a pretty large place, so even when it's crowded, there is always a table. The service is super speedy. These guys are so efficient, it's crazy. There's always about 4-5 guys standing there READY for people to come in or to take orders or deliver food to tables. When you're really hungry- this is great. There's no fooling around. They seat you, take your order, quickly bring out your food and clear the plates promptly. They are not rude, however. I don't feel rushed, but that is because I'm not expecting a romantic, long drawn out meal. I usually come here hungry and ready to eat and go home with my belly full and happy. 
The pho is very good. It's not the best pho I've ever had, but it's solid. There is a large parking lot, so that can be really convenient for people on wheels. 
I always like to end my meal with the vietnamese ice coffee.
Decent food but dishonest people!!!

So first off I have to say their pho is above average, pretty tasty broth. The rice platter was just average. Their prices are slightly higher than other places in the area but not too much of a put off.
What gets this place only 1 star is the fact that THEY TRIED TO CONCEAL AND STEAL MY iPhone!
So I was in there earlier today and left my phone there. When I realized this a few hours later I called to see if they had it. The woman that answered denied finding a phone. Then I tried to use the FIND MY PHONE app but apparently my phone had been turned off. So then my boyfriend went back to the restaurant and spoke with the hostess. First she said there was no lost phone turned in, but when my boyfriend bluffed and said that we used the locator app and tracked it to the restaurant she rummaged under the counter a second time and came up with my phone-- THE SAME ONE THAT SHE TWICE DENIED HAVING!

So the bottom line is if you go for the food, fine. Just don't take your eyes off of any valueables, and don't expect the people that work there to behave like decent human beings.
Pho soup is ok. Service is bad, other than a person taking our order, nobody came to our table to check on us the whole time when we were there, more than 1 hour. The overall appearance of the tables and chairs in the restaurant doesn't look that tidy. 
The most appealing thing for the restaurant is probably the bright name tag outside. 
I won't go back again.
you really can't go wrong with this place! I used to be a regular but started going to Nam Phuong more simply because my mom love their wraps. 
However, this place is definitely the place to come for authentic Pho.
Did not enjoy food, drink or service (based on one visit only). Me and my husband tried this place for lunch and received prompt service.
We chose this restaurant based on it being good parking and distance isnt far from our home. I'd start with the menu, it isn't huge by Vietnamese restaurant standards but decent. There was a full menu to choose from including apps, a selection of PHO, Rice Dishes, Vermicelli Bowls and Vietnamese banmi. We order one Pho noodle and an order of Grilled Pork Vermicelli Dish with chicken soup on side but they gave me beef soup. The Pho was just average with the amount of stuff and vegetables in it. The help while efficient wasn't friendly or helpful. The servers did not seem happy that we were there and didn't seem to be happy that we ordered their foods. Compared to Vietnamese restaurants in other cities this experience was sort of terrible. So we decided to tip them lower than minimum. The restaurant atmosphere was not bad but all of them just dont know how to smile or make people feel welcomed. AGAIN ! this is based on only one visit, so maybe we just came on a bad day!
My partner and I live about a half an hour away and this is the only we go for pho! We love the staff, modest environment and prices, and the food (pho). It's pretty ridiculous, we eat there at least twice week.
Been eating here for 7 years and it's my second most favorite Pho Restaurant. Waiters are all dudes but extremely nice.
Pho Saigon is my favorite pho restaurant in Philadelphia located in a strip mall off Columbus next to a Beer and Halloween store. As far as pho goes I like the brisket and rare steak pho, the brisket definitely gives the broth a richer color and flavor while not overly fatty. Other highlights of the restaurant are the broken rice and vermicelli with pork chops, char broiled pork, spring rolls and or all of the above. The fried spring rolls are pretty good as well, nothing exceptional but I like them. Service is standard/average Viet restaurant, if you have been to a Vietnamese restaurant before you know what I mean. Overall definitely worth the trip and money to stop in for a delicious bowl of pho! 

Tip: Sundays are busy!
Great place to have Pho! The beef broth is delicious, perfectly balanced with the ginger, lemon gras, veggies , herbs and beef flavor. I had the rib eye and brisket with rice noodles. I can't wait to try this place again in the winter!! I'm sure what ever I thought it need it improvement will disappear with the cruel Philly winter!
My friend was feeling a little under the weather and thought eating noodle soup would help.  My friend hadn't had vietnamese food in months, so we decided to come here to eat

I ordered a small bowl of Pho and my friend got Bun Bo Hue (Hue's beef noodle soup). Our dishes came out within a few minutes. Very fast service.

I thought their pho was good.  There's an ample amount of meat. 

My friend thought the Bun bo hue was good. However,  was disappointed that it didn't comes with congealed pig's blood! (It does sound nasty and gross, but i heard it's good?!?!) 

Overall, the place is good. They have good broken rice dishes for those who don't like noodle soup. 

Also, this is a good place to go to on the weekend if you want Vietnamese food. Plenty of parking. Not like those Vietnamese restaurant on Washington street. You don't have to worry about not being able to find a parking spot or afraid of getting your car scratch up because the parking lot is too tight.
Stopped by for dinner before going to the movies and it was great. 

We ordered spring rolls. They were steaming hot and the sauce was delicious!

Then for our main dish we ordered beef pho with a variety of meats. And we also ordered fish ball pho. That was a special order for me and it was very nice of them for being so accommodating. 

The food was good. The service was quick and standard. You should try this place.
The pho here is fantastic and the broth is just SO flavorful.  I usually dump all kinds of sauces into the pho, but the broth was so good that I didn't want to pollute it.  The only issue I had was that the noodles were a bit clumpy.  

On a rainy Monday evening this place was pretty packed, but I was still able to get a table right away.  The service was friendly and I got a lot water refills and the food came out really fast.
My favorite pick me up place of all time in Philadelphia.

Yes this place beats out all the other pho places including choo choos (unofficial name of another Vietnamese restaurant in Chinatown) FOR their PHO dishes.

I have had many pho places when I travel but every time I come here I never get disappointed. Again PHO only.

Customer service: fast, consisting of an all male fleet of servers. Extremely nice and willing to please.

TV: big LCD screens to watch your sports on.  

Drink choices: Thai ice tea, want bubbles? No problem.

Other dishes I recommend if you are not getting PHO: pork chop and broken rice.... Delicious!!!
The restaurant bore a typical name but it's truly a gem to find in Philadelphia. Being from California, I'd like to think I'm quite adept at judging the quality of a pho bowl. Pho Saigon's broth is light but flavorful and the noodles are cooked just right, not overly done. The only qualm I have is that the soup needs to be hotter. One of the fun thing about eating pho on a cold day is the scorching hot soup that you blow on to cool it, but it'll still burn your tongue. 

Moreover, Pho Saigon also offers a wide variety of Vietnamese dishes: broken rice, vermicelli, egg noodles, etc. I've had most of the broken rice dishes and love it. It is flavorful yet not overpowering. The Bun Bo Hue tasted pretty authentic too. The portion given here definitely is more than enough to fill you. 

Additionally, if you've never had Vietnamese smoothies then the Avocado and Durian are a must! A bit on the expensive side (4.80) but it'll keep you coming back for more. A good smoothie needs to be made with real fruit and creamy as a finished product. If it's icy and tastes like powder then you know it's crappy.

On a final note, I just wanted to commend the waiters on their great services! At least one waiter will greet and take note of you the moment you walk in; never an awkward moment standing there looking lost. I appreciate how attentive they are to all your dining needs. What's amazing is that they're fluent in Vietnamese and English! They are capable of explaining the dish's elements in English to English-speaking patrons. I've rarely seen any Vietnamese restaurants able to offer this! 

Thank you Pho Saigon for giving me a bit that homely taste.
This is one of our top Vietnamese spots with  authentic food and friendly service.  I'm really not use to having both!  We come here  often and there is sometimes a wait but they get you in pretty fast.  I just hate waiting but when the food is that good....I'd wait the few mins! 

Last time we came we ordered the bun bo hue and my daughter had the pho with meat ball and fish ball.  It may sound weird but the fish ball is so tasty...I don't know why they don't carry it everywhere. What's up with that?!!  

This time the meal was pretty good but we found ourselves adding all the extra sauces.  Most time we come here we really never had to....maybe it was an off day.  The waiters are so attentive and friendly that I will definitely be heading back sometimes soon.  The food is always solid so I know it will be worth it to come back.
We have seated on the corner by the wall..suddenly there were tiny roaches climb the wall next to me..Damn it!!!

My husband took tissue,killed that bug and threw it on the floor...ohhhh its just made me mad because this place is my fav spot..I asked my husband to tell the waiter but he said its fine and he said "they are asian..we are asian..do you think they will care??

My wise hubby said every place has roaches and rodent doesn't matter you see it or not..as long as is not on the food..

But its too cold outside and we are starving..we end up finishing the food! 

Damn it why I have to see that...arrrggghhh
I was first introduced to this place and to pho altogether by a co-worker and I haven't even bothered to try anywhere else because I don't want to be disappointed, this place is that good.  Never seen food served quicker, pho broth is delicious with a very generous amount of noodles and meat (I don't think you need anything more than the small portion) and the BBQ pork summer rolls are amazing (I've even just popped in once to take a couple orders of them home).  Ventured away from pho for luch once and again was not disappointed, pork and rice platter comes with a very generous helping of very tasty pork and enough rice to go with it.  Servers are always very friendly, seat you mediately, and there are always so many of them working each day that it never takes long to get your order taken and brought out to you.  Love it here
Pho is the perfect hangover food. And Pho Saigon never disappoints. I know there are a million pho places along Washington Ave but I've never strayed from Pho Saigon. 

The restaurant is bright, roomy and clean and it's also BYO. There's a beer store next door with a great selection so you can make a variety 6pack before chowing down on a tasty bowl of soup. 

When I go into to the restaurant, I always get the pho with rare steak. Today I ordered delivery because getting off of my couch was not an option. Believe it or not, delivery pho is legit. I ordered the white meat chicken pho, broken rice with BBQ pork and a Thai milk bubble tea. Everything was delicious! The BBQ pork was tender and flavorful and the rice was sticky and perfectly cooked. The pho came with everything you'd get in the restaurant. The piping hot soup came in its own container, on the side was the white meat chicken, noodles, fresh herbs and veggies, bean sprouts, limes, jalapeños, and a side of chili oil and hoisin sauce (I requested the sauces, I don't know if it typically is included). I put the soup together to my liking and it was still very hot by the time I was finished preparing it and honestly just as good as in the restaurant... or maybe I was just happy to have the pho and be on my couch at the same time. 

It was also a nice sized portion. I didn't even get through half of the soup before I was full. 

Definitely recommend coming here to get your pho fix!
It was ok.  It is definitely cute and wins hands down on ambiance compared to my phavorite pho spot, Pho Ha, but when you're looking for a $6 bowl of soup, ambiance isn't high on the list of priorities.

I'm happy to see a new pho place out there.. I don't think that many people know about it, myself included until about a year ago.  It just didn't have the "authentic" feel to it.  Our waiter clearly has spent more time in South Philly than Vietnam, by addressing my boyfriend as "Yo, my man."  He also messed up our order. 

The pork rolls were ok, the meat was overcooked but the flavor was decent.  The pho had good flavor, but had a noticeable layer of grease floating on the top.  A squeeze of lime helped cut through the fat, and it tasted good, but just seeing it there was a bit off putting.  

Overall it was decent and has potential, but Pho Ha has already my heart as my go to pho spot.
Love it! Cleanest pho restaurant in S. Philly, best broth. Broken rice is awesome, and they have bubble tea , taro is my favorite! Also I saw them making an avocado shake, I will try it next time I'm there!!
I've never even bothered to look at this place twice, but after eating there today, I'm pretty sure I'm a believer! I ordered a pho tai, & the pho broth was clean & tasted great before I added any sauces into it. I hate when the pho is so steaming hot that you can't even taste the soup without burning your tongue, but this was not the case. The pho was at the perfect temperature not too hot, not too cold. The noodle to meat ratio was also dead on. The staff was attentive, & were speedy with their service.  I will definitely be coming back here! This had to be one of the quickest, most filling & yummy lunches yet.
My go to pho place since coming to Philly.  Generous portions, good hours.  Just be careful late nights on wkends but they can run out of soup!!  Cash only unless over $10 which isn't an issue if you also get their super delicious avocado smoothie to lessen the spiciness when you add too much sriracha or their vietnamese coffee with condensed milkehcih surpasses anything Starbucks or La Colombe can come up with.
I always go to this restaurant whenever I'm in South Philly. But now it's a disappointment. Idk if the chef is different or there is a new owner; but the waiters are all different. Their service is rude and bad. I ask for a bowl of pho with no onions and scallions. The waiter said "naked pho?" I reply "yes." He wrote it down. Then, he replied "boring pho" with an attitude. First, IDC if it is a joke or not, I'm a customer and you don't know me to joke. Second, he brought out a bowl of pho with onions and scallions. I didn't want to make a scene so I removed it from my bowl of pho. He look directly at me since he stood right next to my table and instead of apologize he never said nothing. Also, the bowl of pho was extremely salty even after I put in many vegetables and squeezed lime in it. Never once he came by to ask "do you need more water, or are you ok." This pho need to step up on their services and do some cleaning because the spoons were dirty.
For my first review of 2019 I have finally come to Phó Saigon. I pass it often enough en route that it was only a matter of HAVING time. Eating pho is not a rushed matter nor can one do it in the car as I am forced to do more often as of late. Yada yada yada. 

I started with an order of spring rolls. Crispy flaky rice paper rolls with a well combined mixture of veg, mushroom, taro, shrimp, and pork. They serve them with a fish sauce which I thought tasted better with a bit of soy sauce. 

My pho... the simple beef version without all the extra cool cuts like tripe (stomach lining), oxtail (yum), meatballs, beef shank, ribeye or brisket that they offer in small and large size bowls. Your soup comes with a large plate of mung bean sprouts, Thai basil, jalapeños, lime wedges, and Vietnamese coriander(?). That last item I have to research because it doesn't look anything like the cilantro/coriander I grow. There is hot tea on request and all sorts of condiments and additions laid out on the table neatly to customize your soup however you wish. If you like pho and have tried the other Vietnamese spots on Washington Ave I think you should try this spot. It'll be similar to the others but the building is cleaner. Food tastes cleaner and fresh. And the local first gens all eat here, a great indicator of the authenticity of the cuisine. Bon appetit!
I'm embarrassed to admit how often I order delivery from these guys. We've dined in once but typically we do delivery. They are my go to spot for Pho when I'm not feeling well and they show up so so fast! The only reason it's not 5 stars is because they have given me burned spring rolls on more than one occasion. Love the bun thit Nugon as well.
Prices have increased significantly since I was there last, perhaps 2 years ago, but the pho was still as good and in fact, probably got a bigger size quantity on take out. The summer rolls were plentiful as well.
When I want a nice bowl of pho I would normally come here. The portion is big and the price is reasonable and flavorful. I also like the pork chop and rice with egg quiche from here. The service is fast but it gets pretty crowded here on weekend around lunch hour. As for drinks I like the club soda with lime but its a bit on the pricey side. The pho is around $7 so it's pretty affordable for a quick lunch. Remember to bring cash with you as they have a minimum charge $15 before you can use credit card. Although one time I wasn't aware and didn't bring any cash and my order came up to about $12 and still allow me to use my credit card.
Literally the best tasting pho in Philly, possibly the world.  The broth in the pho is just so flavorful, and doesn't taste greasy/oily/MSG-ish as other places are.  The noodles are always fresh, never frozen.  The meat is fresh and also not frozen.  This is my go to spot for pho.  The appetizers and coffee are decent, (their iced coffee is not too sweet, which is good!), but it's their pho that shines!

Tip: If you're getting pho tai (steak), ask for it with the steak meat on the side.  You can throw the steak in yourself and cook it to your perfection in the broth!  Just do it while the broth is piping hot!

Bun Bo Hue is a favorite here for the wife.  She loves it and highly recommends. Ask for satay sauce on the side for dipping action!
If you're a vegetarian like me, this is not the place to go! (The only reason I give it 3 stars)

I got vegetable spring rolls that were topped over a bowl of plain noodles and salad because they didn't have veggie broth or any other veggie option. No matter how much soy sauce I put on top, it felt like I was eating nothing. We also ordered a Thai Tea though which turned out to be absolutely delicious and basically made that my meal. 

I had no idea there was no vegetable broth available for Pho, but now I know!
Everyone needs pho the day after drinking. My girlfriend and I came here after pulling ourselves out of bed this past Saturday. This Pho spot is one of my favorites in south philly. 

The broth in this pho is super flavorful. I hardly need to add hoisin and sriracha to my bowl. The spring rolls were good, however one was warm while the other was really hot. It could be a possibility that one wasn't fried and was sitting out. The Viet coffee is strong but I think they add some milk which my gf didn't like. Their bowls of pho is also a couple dollars more than a usual pho spot, it's $10-$11 here. BUT, their pho does hit the spot which is why this is one of pho spots.
It's another Pho place. You either dig it or you don't. I can't tell you much. I would however recommend Pho Ta and Pho Ha Saigon to go instead. They are not far away. Try that instead.
My favorite place for pho! They have some other foods but there are other Vietnamese restaurants in the city that I prefer to eat in. Love there beef broth and the service is quick. It's popular so it can get a little loud inside sometimes. Ample parking as it is a part of the shopping center that is along Colombus Ave.
If you're looking for some good hot pho with excellent broth then this is your place.

Came in and my first impression of the place is that it's very like a traditional community restaurant that's outside of the US, so you'll definitely get that cultural experience.

Order Pho that I believe is number 65 and yellow bean smoothie with boba. 

Orders came out at a decent amount of time which was about 10minutes. 

First tasted the broth and it tasted so good so I decided to eat the whole thing without any sauce or anything. 

ONE PROBLEM: The noodles might be bunched together at the bottom so you should try to break them apart before you eat because when I try to get some noodles, the whole bunch came up. 

Nothing less, they would have gotten 4stars but the drink was wonderfully tasteful.

Service was excellent, nothing bad about the service. Waiters were polite and not loud in the back.

Highly recommend this Pho place!! Especially in the winter!!
Wanted a place where we could park easily so we tried Pho Saigon. Very bare bones in terms of decor. Got the #65 and #69 pho, waiter steamed our bean sprouts per my sister's request. Soups were both good.

I didn't care for the chicken in the summer rolls so I pulled that out and then they were fine.

The Vietnamese iced coffee was delicious. I was disappointed when it seemed pulled from fridge pre-made in a batch, but the flavor of the coffee was amazing.
Pho Saigon is my favorite Pho restaurant in Philadelphia. Why? You can get delicious Pho at several places in Philly, and Pho Saigon is no different. What sets apart Pho Saigon (for me), is:  the PEANUT SAUCE for the summer rolls! Holy moley, that is the BEST peanut sauce I've ever tasted at any Vietnamese restaurant. The second item that sets apart Pho Saigon for me, is the AVOCADO SHAKE! Its soooo delicious! Perfectly thick and blended, not too sweet, delicious liquid avocado in my tummy. Can't get better than that. 

Some other local Pho places on Washington Ave are all cash only, but not Pho Saigon! Use credit cards here! 

The staff are so friendly, and the food comes out SPEEDY FAST. Every time I eat here, which as been at least 5 times, the food is on the table seriously minutes after ordering. And, they give you a plate full of extra toppings for your Pho; bean sprouts, lime, basil, jalapenos, etc. I know that all other Pho places also serve this, but I feel like Pho Saigon gives you the most. Also, did I mention the Peanut Sauce!? I wish I could take that sauce home in containers and use it for dipping all my food :) 

Love Pho Saigon, I will be back again and again!
Terrible service  I don't want to wast my breathe because the food is 4 out of 10 . Also the staff is racist to anyone not part of there culture . Do your self a favor and walk a few blocks west to get quality Vietnamese food not this trash .
Pre-Covid-19, it was one of my favorite pho places, but I've never ordered pho takeout before.  It did not disappoint.  Flavors were as good as I remembered and you just call and pickup.  Portion sizes are still pretty good and packaged well.  There is no regular and large size like the eat-in menu, just one size for takeout.
I was in the area and was craving Pho. I have another spot I normally go to but i saw this place and decided to give it a go. I am glad that I did! The broth is one of the best I have had in a long time. I had the rare steak, meatballs, and tendon. They provided fresh bean sprouts and herbs as is typical. I also ordered the cha gio (egg rolls) which were ok. The service was fast and friendly. I highly recommend you try this place if you like pho!
Service:
   * Same basic service.  I never expect good service at a pho restaurant.  They take your order, bring your food, and almost never come back.

Pho:
   * Not good quality.  It comes with a big bowl of water and noodles with very little meat, and the vegetables are old and minimal.  The soup was not flavorful and I think they use MSG to sweeten the soup.

Summary:
Stay away and don't waste your money!!!  Trust me, I grew up eating pho from infancy so I know what good pho should taste like.  This place is giving pho a bad rap.

Try the many other pho restaurants down the street and in the city.
This place used to be my go-to! I've tried so many pho places in philly but after today I'm going to be taking my business to Pho Xe Lua over in Chinatown. 

I'll start with the service because it was honestly terrible and just bizarre. Our waiter wouldn't look at us while we were speaking, acknowledge anything we said, or write anything down. He forgot 2 out of 4 things we ordered, and didn't bring us any of the hot tea that usually comes out to every table. Then they have what seems like 8-10 employees just standing behind the counter and staring while we ate... super uncomfortable. Anyway, if a small guy with a ponytail tries to take your order, maybe ask for a different server. 

As for the food, the portions have most definitely gotten smaller regarding the pho, but the prices are still reasonable (for the food; it's over 5 dollars for almost all the drinks!) The broth didn't have much depth and tasted strangely sweet/overly spiced, maybe too much star anise. I will say the portion for the pork chops was good, and we were happier with that than the pho. 

The atmosphere is as I mentioned - uncomfortable. It was super cold, no music, just the sounds of an insanely loud coffee/tea/whatever machine behind the counter that sounds like a jackhammer. 

If you want pho from here I HIGHLY recommend getting take out.
My go to Pho spot in Philly. Quick and friendly service. Broth is flavorful.  The bean sprouts, Thai basil and culantro are always fresh.  I would avoid lunch time hours during the weekend because there's always a wait. They recently added hot oil to their table of condiments!!!
Best Pho in Philly. 

Service is fast and friendly. Place is clean. Food is cheap.

They have a wide selection of dishes to choose from. The pho broth is good!! They give you copious amounts of pho and meat. The meat is tender. Afterwards I wasn't thirsty so I don't think they put msg in it. I got the lemonade and summer rolls too. The summer roll (chicken and shrimp) was good! (kind of dry but I was having it).  Lemonade was fresh.  My friend got pho but with the noodles on the side so it came with broth and noodles separated. It was delicious! My other friend got the bo kho (spicy beef stew)- the broth was not too spicy and the beef was tender! 


Must order: #33 and tell them broth on the side- DELICIOUS!

I'm definitely coming back the next time I'm in philly.
They take credit card. Overall this was a great pho spot. Their menu is big and also has a number of other items too if you don't want noodles. Comparatively I think the broth has more star anise than other places, and the it's rich and tasty. Garnish was all very fresh. Lots of seating and fast service.
I think I don't like Pho so take this with a grain of salt. Everyone that I know that likes Pho comes here. Unless you know you like Pho or traditional Vietnamese, I wouldn't recommend trying here. If you do, try a broken rice dish with the pork chop (the pork chop is flavored well and rice is cooked well- it also comes with some salad-y type veggies).
Yummy bun bo hue ~~
I cannot believe I have never step foot into Pho saigon. As someone who frequents this plaza (pepboys, DD) I only noticed this place last week. My friend suggested going there when I caught a cold and all I wanted was some noodle soup.
I got the bun bo hue, my friend got their pho and we split the spring rolls.
The spring rolls were mushy on the inside, so we weren't overly impressed by them.
However, their bun bo hue was delicious and spicy. The broth is what impressed me: it tasted clean yet well flavored. It was different than Pho Ha, which is my ultimate favorite, but I enjoyed it nonetheless.
I tried my friend's pho broth, which was surprisingly sweet. We think they may put MSG (but most pho places do sadly) because we kept reaching for our water...maybe it's our imagination so correct me if I'm wrong.
There are plenty of seats and many workers, so feel free to bring the whole crew here~
Pho is the word, is the word that you've heard. 
It's got groove, it's got meaning.
Pho is the time, is the place, is the motion.  
Pho is the way we are feeling. 

Six bucks for a bowl of magic and a cornucopia of produce delivered to your table before your ass even warms the chair? Every visit leaves me beside myself. 

Is there ever a time when this place isn't packed?
Yummy pho.
A feel like they give you more pho noodles and a saltier broth than most places.
Fast service. I'll be back again.
I think the Pho here is just ok. Came here with a few friends the other day to cure our hangovers.

Although the restaurant is in a strip mall, it's actually pretty nice inside. They serve you tea when you sit down, and they have a pretty extensive menu. I ordered the seafood soup with rice noodles, two of my friends ordered the beef pho, and my other friend ordered beef pho and a chicken and rice dish because he was starving. The portions are generous, but mine came out to around $10, which is a little on the expensive side for pho--definitely more expensive than most of the places I go to in Chinatown. Also, mine had imitation crab meat in it, which I thought was a little weird. Another thing that I found strange is that one of my friends asked to have hers prepared "spicy," and they wouldn't do it. They told her to mix in the jalapenos and spicy sauces after they brought out the dish. 

Overall, it was a good meal, and we didn't feel rushed to finish even though the place was pretty crowded on a Saturday afternoon, but I don't think this place will become one of our pho staples.
It's really nothing to write home about.  Decided to try this place since parking at Nam Phoung is ridiculously hard to find.  This place serves average pho 3 star but the prices is what brings it down to 2 stars.  It's no fine dinning yet they are charing 10 dollars for a bowl of pho.  The service here was slower than the average.  I will not be returning here.  I'll drive around the parking lot at Nam Phoung for my lunch.
This place is very good and the staff is very nice.  They are BYOB if you were wondering (it doesn't say on this page but I called and asked before I was going last time).  I have only ever eaten pho tai here but it is quite delicious.  Definitely recommend this place.  This is where I go to get my pho!
Really flavorful compared to some of the other pho places I've been to in Philly. It's a bit more out of the way, and slightly more expensive than other places, but it was still only about $10-11 for a large pho. 

Service was prompt. I would go back for pho for sure.
A perfectly respectable pho and vietnamese food joint, but nothing spectacular.  Prices are nice and reasonable, food comes out super fast. My pho was good, the broth was nice, not too salty. I always check pho broth before I put anything else in it, and their's is solid. My fried spring rolls were not very good. The filling was mushy and just smelled a little odd. 

The place has no ambiance, it's just big, shiny, has two big tv's, and bright lights. But when you eat pho, you should go for the food, so who really cares. They also do not have pho bo kho on the menu, which was quite disappointing. But if you can't make your way down to the other spots on Washington Ave, this one is a decent choice.
I've had many bowls of good bowls of Pho in the past, living only 15 minutes away from Little Saigon back in southern California and unfortunately, the quality of this Pho was nowhere near the same. I usually just use the hoisin sauce to dip my meat into but at Pho Saigon I had to squeeze a generous amount of it into my broth. There was no flavor whatsoever!! I'm never the type to do that but I had no other choice. A flavorful broth is key to a satisfying bowl of soup! The other people I ate with ordered Bun Bo Hue and they both agreed that it was lackluster as well. 

I had high hopes for this place as it appeared to be a very authentic Vietnamese restaurant! Sadly, I've come to realize that often times east coast Viet food is no match for what I can get back at home :( The search continues for a decent bowl of Pho!
In love with this place. Everything is just so good. Give this place a try. All their noodles are really good, but I love love love the bun bo hue with extra satay sauce on the side. Also, their Pho broth is amazing. Noodles are never overcooked and the give a good portion of meats and noodles. Veggies are always fresh and never brown and wilted. So glad they opened up. I go like once a week here.
Our meal here literally came out 3 minutes after ordering. That is plain impressive. The pho was tasty, but I didnt like the pho ga as well as I have in other Philly Vietnamese restaurants so I docked one star. Everything else on the menu was pretty standard and the prices were more than fair. The portions were also very sizable. The service is quick and curt, and the restaurant was almost up to full capacity on this friday afternoon. Despite the double doors out front there were still flies inside, so that also made me dock one star.
Absolutely a fantastic pho!
This is by no means a place you would go for a romantic outing, but if you're looking for a good meal that will fill you, you found it!  Lots of delicious sauces to fit your taste buds. 
Tacky ambiance but who cares when the food is good!
Do yourself a favor and go eat here if you are looking for vietnamese food. You won't regret the decision one bit! I usually order #60 on the menu, which is beef with flana
Come here all the time when I am in Philly! Great spring rolls, pho and Viet coffee. Only complaint would be the weird thing about going up to pay rather having them give you the check. I'm just not use to it. But that's okay, the food here is cheap and authentic!!! That is the main thing!
I spotted Pho Saigon driving on Columbus a week after its grand opening.  Flavor wise it is very good, nothing outstanding compared to other Vietnamese restaurants in South Philly but not anything less either.  

Pho Saigon does set itself apart however, thanks to its slightly luxurious interior.  Most pho restaurants in South Philly are casual but this place had a bit of class to it.  

The menu still lacks a bit compared to other joints in the area.   Highly recommended if you're looking for a cheap lunch with a nicer touch of interior view.
I've been to many pho places and never thought one would surpass my former love, Pho Ha. To my surprise, Pho Saigon is pulling at my heart strings. Change is GOOD! It's appearance has never reeled me in, and I'm disappointed I haven't tried it out sooner.

The second I walked in, I was encapsulated by an aroma that was a delicious assault on my olfactory bulbs. "Damn that smells good!" I thought to myself. It was a pretty busy Sunday afternoon, and the place was filled with mostly Vietnamese patrons. (Definitely a good sign).

The broth here is extremely flavorful; no MSG=no insatiable thirst and no MSG-induced, post-pho coma. The meats are bountiful and are of high quality, very tasty. The chili garlic sauce isn't quite spicy enough, but if you shovel enough in, you'll reach the level of heat that you're seeking.

The service is typical pho service. Not very personable, but they get the job done, and they get it done in fast--not unlike a pit crew. It's the fastest food since....fast food, only it is a gazillion times higher quality.

Bonus: The place itself is one of the cleanest Vietnamese restaurants I've been to, to date. *applause*

Unbonus: They have a $15 min. for credit cards...and no atm.
Good alternative to Pho Ha. See http://www.thrillist.com/philadelphia/pho-saigon.

We went on a Thursday afternoon and the place was packed. The Pho was unremarkable - meaning that it was yummy delicious Pho and nothing more. The restaurant itself is much nicer than your standard Pho joint - nice floors, a huge TV, and no loud bus cart that you cant hear yourself think over (Pho Ha).

I recommend the place as another Pho Joint; a nice alternative when you want some pho, but want some style and class as well.

Note: they have bubble drinks and stuff like Pho Hoa.
Wth happened to this place?! This used to be my go to pho place for many years. Stopped coming here a year ago because I had an awful experience (broth tasted like water, prices went up). Decided to give it another try tonight for old times sake and immediately regretted it as I walked in the door. 6:30pm on a Saturday night, there was only 6 tables seated. The prices went up even more than I remembered. No one should ever pay more than $8 for a bowl of pho. Prices were high as $11-12 for a bowl. I'm not opposed to sending money on good food so I thought since the prices went up, maybe they used better ingredients or something. Nope, broth tasted like cinnamon soup and it was just awful. I can see they cut corners on everything that we ordered. (Peanut sauce for Summer roll was like water) NEVER AGAIN. If you're looking for good pho, check out pho 75 on 11th and Washington.
My boyfriend and I went here about 3-5 times a month when it first opened.  He loved the pho there and I thought it was ok (Pho 75 & Nam Phoung are better in my opinion) but we went because it was convenient; finally, there was a pho place where you didn't have to suffer through hunting for a coveted parking spot!

The service here is a bit better than most pho places; which really just means they aren't rude. One server specifically is always very friendly to us because we used to go so often.

One perk is that they are always playing pro and college games on the TV's there so we don't miss anything while out. (This is usually a big reason we don't go out to eat -- we can't miss our sports!)

The summer rolls are pretty good but the sauce isn't thick enough for my personal taste.

As for the pho, the portions are probably the biggest of almost any pho place I've been (if you get the large) which is great if you're hungry.

We haven't been there much lately because:

1) The quality has gone down: the noodles are now always over-cooked and mushy and the broth has an odd taste to it now
2) They have mixed up our orders the past 3-4 times we've been there.  One or both of us has ended up with something we didn't order, though it is pho, so we eat it anyway (not a big deal but the frequency is a bit concerning)
3) Portions of their rice dishes aren't as big as other Vietnamese places

We'll still go out of convenience, but that's only if we are feeling lazy or are meeting people where this would be a convenient spot to meet at.
Ate here this afternoon with a friend and we both enjoyed the steak pho and vegetable spring rolls.
Pho ga or chicken pho.  What about it?  It's authentic here.  It should have a light color, the pilsner to the bock of pho bo.  It should taste of the lighter coriander instead of anise and clove.  It comes with chopped chicken with the bone, a by product of making the stock with only whole stewing hens.  The chicken meat robust and slightly chewy.

If your Pho shop doesn't meet the required needs above for Pho gà, what other items might not be authentic?
The wait staff doesn't speak English so i was not surprised that my order was wrong. Order exactly as it is written on the menu, or your order will be wrong. The pho was just ok.
Very good pho. Good price.

Service was slow and not friendly.

Will come back with lower expectations.
Great Pho soup.  Service is always fast and courteous.  You are always seated immediately and food comes out in minutes.  Quality of the soup is always great.  I have been there many times and always enjoyed the food.
I have been on an every other Monday Vietnamese lunch kick lately with my wife. We have now been to Pho Saigon the last two times in a row. The BBQ pork bowl is ridiculously good. I had Pho the first time in, and it was also amazing. There are several other places we have tried, but this place has a great menu, great prices, and is easy to get in and out of the parking lot. Some of the Washington Ave. places are tough with the parking situation at lunch. We also got take-out recently from Le Viet, which is a different experience, but my #1 choice now for Vietnamese lunch in Pho Saigon. And you MUST get the shrimp and pork summer roll. Amazing!
This has become my new Pho spot. After going to Pho Hoa for many years, my last experience there was just bad. I noticed a new staff, so I wonder if the ownership has changed. 

Regardless, a friend of ours recommended that we try this place out... and we were surprised about how fantastic this place is. The pho is delicious (just as good as the old Pho Hoa before it went down hill) and Pho Saigon is very new and clean. Sometimes, cleanliness can be an issue at Asian restaurants, so I am delighted that this place is kept very clean. 

My husband and I have been making a little trip out of it. We go to Pho Saigon for dinner and then drive over to the Monster Pets to look at puppies... He's some how able to drag me out of the store without buying a pup. 

Overall, I give this place 4 stars for the best Pho in Philly and for cleanliness. It's also located in a shopping center with free parking, so that's also a nice little perk as well.
Come early. To grab a parking spot. Especially on the weekends. Afternoon, you're just SOL. 

This spot has good Pho and Viet cuisine.
I loooooooove their grilled chicken with rice platter. There is no bone in the chicken, just how I like it. The fish sauce is just PERFECT. I found the pho to be average as any other places. The coffee was OK. Ever since experiencing coffee at Cafe Saigon in Adam's Ave Plaza, I've been pretty picky. 

The service is not bad. They don't come up to you and ask if there's anything else you need (Asian restaurants usually don't), but if you needed anything, they were quick to respond.
Good go to place on a damp and rainy day. The food is always consistent here. Nem nuong cuon, mi ga, and pho tai are our stable. We hardly get anything else from here. I highly recommend the Vietnamese iced coffee. It's absolutely delicious. Sometimes, it might be a bit too strong .. but diluting it with a little bit of water and it's good to go.
I would suggest that you there for the food, but not the service- food is really good but service is poor. 

I'm not gonna judge for forgetting a drink or a utensil (which they did), but apparently when you ask for a meat to be over cooked, it is a really difficult task for the waiter to tell the cook. He rolls his eyes and gave an attitude.

I guess they take orders and cook your meals now a days.
we used to come here a lot but lately service has been pretty crap. i ordered a to-go and they forgot to add in the vegetables and the other meal was missing all the seafood and stuff that was suppose to go into the soup. So i called them to let them know and all she said was "oh... okay sorry, bye" haha... like, ok?- can i come get the rest of the meal i paid for? no? 

but food is pretty tasty! just dont get to go's i guess!
