I've been coming to Pho Xe Lua for years, and I'll continue to do so. For what it's worth, the interior looks like it's trapped in a timewarp. It literally looks the same as it did the first time I stepped in.

$7 for two pork chops on rice? Yes, please.

Thanks to Amy L. for getting me to stop by "choo choo"[1], and suggesting I get the pork on rice.

[1] A lot of my friends call Pho Xe Lua that because of the neon train sign out front.
Pho Xe Lua (Loosely translated as "long car special") is one of the older houses at the bottom of Race Street, and it shows its age.  The menu is extensive, particularly if you like Vietnamese dishes or Pho.  Portions are large.  Prices are low.  Very popular combination that keeps the two floors busy day and night.  Just don't spend time looking at the floor around your table, because cleanliness is an issue.  The house hasn't been inspected by L & I for a long time, and it shows. 

Still, it is mind over matter.  If you don't mind the grit around you, it doesn't matter.  Just enjoy the plentitude so light on your wallet.  

We were there for a late lunch and stayed with the soup.  My partner had the Pho Special that contained all the meats available in the kitchen, and I their Bun Bo Hue.  They label the sizes of their bowls as large and extra large, as if that was something everyone understood.  The former would be a large bowl in most establishments, and the later, a fish bowl.  We couldn't finish either.  

The Pho broth was decent; full of noodles and a load of meat.  It was tasty, but lacked some of the more subtle flavors associated with the better noodle soups.  I did not taste Anise, although it could have been in there.  My Bun Bo was stocked with three big Pig's Feet (Glad they left him one on the hoof), plus slices of Beef and shreds of Pork.  It had ample Lemongrass for the strong spiciness that makes this so distinctive, Fermented Shrimp Paste for sourness,  plus Onions, Mint, and a few unidentified floating objects.  I did not detect Coriander, Rock Sugar, nor Congealed Pig Blood (thankfully), which are part of the totally authentic mix.  The side dish accompaniments had the usual Sprouts, Thai Basil, Jalapeno Slices and Lime Wedges, but was missing the Banana Blossom Slices, and/or Red Cabbage.  

Still, it was pretty good; the first spoonful paralyzing my vocal cords so I could only whisper for about 15 minutes.  It wasn't the best BBH I have had in the City, but it wasn't the worst.  Given the complexity of the real deal, perhaps it was unfair of me to expect Pho Xe Lua to get it completely right.  

Service was fine, and our server was multilingual, making my Mandarin speaking friend happy with his descriptions in her native tongue. 

No need to run back here, but its broad non-Chinese menu makes it a reasonable alternative when in Chinatown, but not feeling like Chinese food.
I'm used to being served pho quickly without any intervention in regards to waiter-service.  That's fine, I know what I'm doing with this pile of immersed food.  Just hand me my bowl and I'll take care of myself, no need to ask me how my meal was or how I'm doing.  However, I do always want a glass of never ending ice-water as soon as I take a seat.  Pho's a long, hot, and salty journey and I'd like to make it through.  Most places you have to ask for ice water and ask again once it's empty.  That's why I like Pho Xe Lua, you get the water and they'll leave you alone otherwise.

Pho here is above average, the noodles have some resiliency to the bite and the broth is aromatic.  And when you ask for tripe, they really give it to you.  Man, I love tripe.  I've also had the bun bo hue, a spicy Central-Vietnamese bowl of soup.  It was on-point.  Reddish, hot oil slicked surfaced and out of this world lemongrass-spicy notes.  Chopped pigs feet (which is key to the dish).  Don't be scurred by that, I think everyone should try out bun bo hue if you like pho.  I don't think the soup is getting its just due being overshadowed by its monolithic northern brethren.  So if you would like to try bun bo hue, go here first to give it a proper start.

There's also live tanks filled with lobsters, dungeness crabs, fish and such.  I wonder if I can get seafood pho and have them dunk a lobster in my bowl.  Mmm... opulence.
TGIF... Time to splurge on lunch.. Tastebuds had a hankering for some Pho.
Called in my order and it was pipping hot when I arrived to pick it up. I couldn't wait to eat. The cashier (whom may have been a manager) advised that he could add shrimp to the Pho in the future or modify any other dishes that I'd like to order

Arrived back at my office and couldn't wait to dig in and enjoy this relatively new favorite of mine, Pho Ga with shredded chicken.  Seasoned to perfection broth and side styrofoam container of bean sprouts, rice noodles, shredded chicken, jalapeno peppers, cilantro, scallions and lime. Purely deliciously. How could I possiblly eat this whole thing, I have no idea how I did it but I did.

Well seasoned broth which complimented the noodles authentically. The fresh lime and jalapenos just gave the Pho dish the added joy my stomach applauded.

Again soon Pho Xe Lua Viet Thai, I will be back.
My friends and I came here for tonight's dinner and started off with the obvious must haves: a Mexican Margarita and a Singapore Sling. They served us the Margarita with two Sapporo's instead. My friend asked about the Sling and the waiter simply shook his head "no..." Puzzled, we began to feast on our 19 appetizers: garlic shrimp, Chinese greens, Vietnamese sausage, summer rolls, Papaya steak salad washed down with a steaming bowl of delicious pho. 

As we slurped the last bit down, and patted our bellies good night, the Sling arrived. It tasted like someone had liquefied orange Starburts and blended them in a boot. But what can you expect from a cocktail menu where all drinks are $4 and club soba is listed in the beer section?
This place is your typical, authentic Southeast Asian restaurant! I love it here. My  husband and I will walk 30 minutes to Chinatown just to have a bowl of their delicious Pho! It's the best price too! Seriously, so good it brings back good childhood moments. For me, it's like that moment when that crazy bitter critic in Ratatouille takes a bite of the best meal the rat has to offer and it triggers nostalgia? Yeah, that's what their pho does to me. Makes me cry for my momma. Ain't no shame in that.
After almost 300 reviews, there's probably not much I can say that hasn't already been said.

Great food for cheap is pretty much what sums it up. I am no Pho expert, but I've had my fair share of bowls. This one was very good. the shrimp rolls were also very fresh and tasty.

Service is incredibly fast so if you're looking for a quick and inexpensive dinner on a week night, this is your place
All aboard the Choo Choo's train whenever you're in Chinatown.

Choo Choo is one of my favorite pho places in the city. It's actually the only place in Chinatown I go to for pho. At around $6 for a xlarge bowl of pho, it's the cheapest and largest bowl of pho in the Delaware Valley.

If you do order the xlarge size (there's only large and xlarge bowl sizes here), be prepared for a bowl containing about a gallon of broth to be served to you, alongside a generous side dish containing sprouts, cilantro, thai basil, and jalapenos.

I think the broth at Choo Choo is delicious. It is always flavorful, with a very nice balanced amount of spices. No crazy throat-drying additives in my bowl (MSG). Always a must. The other thing that I like about this place is that you won't be disappointed in the amount of noodles you're served, which I've found to be lacking at other places. 

Not to mention that they have the best name in all of Philadelphia. High five for the sweet name.
We came here for the first time due to all the awesome yelp reviews, and that we wanted to introduce our 13 yr old neice to some vietnamese/thai grub. Upon walking in, we were greeted by a tank of crustaceans. Seeing the tank of lobsters and crab actually  made me feel like the food was absolutely going to be good. We were sat promptly, despite it being lunch time and the place being very busy.

Our waiter looked semi annoyed that were were taking a bit long to read over the lengthy menu and decided to give us a minute by hoovering right over my shoulder until I was ready.I ordered the Vermicelli noodles with shrimp on sugar cane, pork balls and a spring roll. I would say that my dish was by far the best, mostly because it had so many different components and each very different from the next. The least appealing part of my dish was between the lackingluster egg roll and just overly oily fish on a stick. The pork balls were the best part, and the funnest to say outloud. 

My husband ordered the bbq pork on white rice which was pretty standard, he was not trying to be too adventurous and really enjoyed it. Our niece ordered the shrimp pad thai, and sadly that was a huge disappointment. The dish took forever to make, and although it came looking gorgeous on the plate, it was clearly cooked on a burnt pot. There was this odd smokey flavor to the pasta, and sadly she was so hungry that she just ate all the shrimp off of the plate and didn't bother with the rest.

The trek to this sidestreet itself is worthwhile simply because of the really cheap prices and abundant helpings they serve. I would love to go back and try some more things on the menu and get a fun cocktail from their list.
Regardless of whether or not you are having an immense craving for Vietnamese cuisine, I would not recommend coming here for multiple reasons.

The food, menu options, and prices were on par with any other typical Vietnamese restaurant. And trust me, there are quite a decent number of better valued Vietnamese restaurants in the Philly area that are much more worth your bucks.

The spacing in the restaurant is fairly tight, most likely in an attempt to accommodate the large number of people who would come in because of its busy location. And you, my friend, should consider yourself intelligent and give yourself a nice pat on the back, for doing the appropriate research on this place prior to coming (unless you're all ready seated that is).

Both service and cleanliness need improvements, which were what brought my overall rating for this place from an average rating of 3, down to a "meh" rating of 2 stars. I mean, check out the little surprise surprise metal piecing found in one of our meals. 

Therefore, do yourself a favor and treat yourself to a proper meal. While the food and pricing are "aye okay," overall, it's just not worth the experience. There's plenty of awesome Vietnamese restaurants in the city that are well worth your time and money, even if it's a wee bit more out of your way.
The pho is definitely great here, no doubt about it. I ordered the shredded chicken pho and the broth was very flavorful. The chicken wasn't really shredded in the way I had hoped but it was still pretty tender. I hadn't tried anything else so I can't really vouch for it but the environment leaves much to be desired. 

I came in pretty early on a Saturday evening and while it was busy in here, it wasn't too crazy. The waiter to customer ratio huge and since we were seated in the back I felt a little awkward because they were all standing around and staring. I would suggest to reduce the number of waiters, there's honestly no point for it because the restaurant isn't even big enough to require that many people.

Credit card minimum is $15!
Going on five years in Philadelphia, and "Choo Choo" (affectionately named, in reference to the neon train in the window) is my most frequented restaurant in the entire city.

Why? The food is good, it is plentiful, it is cheap, and comes out at the speed of an African swallow (which if you didn't know, is pretty darn fast). This place is always teeming with locals, and they make good use of their downstairs and upstairs seating areas. Service and ambiance could always be better, but if these things are important to you, then I don't know why you came looking in Chinatown in the first place.

Definite recommendations:
- Pho - of any kind (and get the meat raw on the side). You can find better quality pho along Washington Ave, but nowhere else in Chinatown will you find it as cheap, as fresh, or as large.
- Beef carpaccio (raw flank steak with lime) - don't be intimidated by the word "raw." Just think of it as like a Vietnamese, red meat ceviche.
- Fruit smoothies - with real fresh fruit! Avocado is my personal fav, but there are plenty of other winners too.

There is an extensive menu - and I mean EXTENSIVE - with other delicious rice dishes and vermicelli. Be warned though, the summer rolls are not fantastic. They also have domestic beers available for about $3 a pop. Great for a quick lunch or late night.

Word of Advice: Even though the word "Thai" is in the title, don't come here looking for Thai, not even a little bit. Stick to the Viet stuff, and you will leave a happy, stuffed camper.
I've been here twice. Ordered Pho and Bun Bo Hue for 2 times. Both were unbelievably bad. The Pho soup was really plain, my friend had Bo Kho and she said it was not any better. Today we decided to give it a second try. However, it was worse than the first time. The meat of the Bun Bo Hue was rotten, making the whole thing smell. It was just terrible. I can't imagine how one can set up a restaurant with such low quality food. I'm from VN and I lived in California for 4 years so my taste can't be wrong. They just don't know how to make Vietnamese food. Can't deny it's cheap but feel like it doesnt worth a penny. Swear to myself to never go there again. There are some good places on Washington street. If you're looking for real and good vietnamese food stay away from this place!!!!!!
I am a tremendous fan of this venue!  I come here all the time for two main reasons:  1) LOW prices and 2) excellent selection.  The food out of here is authentic and is not of the take out style.  it is well-prepared and for as low as $5.50 you can enjoy a FULL meal.  I eat here all the time for lunch and get it to-go for dinner often as I work nights and do not have time to prepare dinner.  It is cheaper than Subway, McDonald's,  and fast food style Chinese take-out but it is a real meal and the portion size is more than enough to feed a 165 lb male as myself.  do yourself a favor and check it out.  You won't find any compromises on quality or portion size with the low prices here.
I think I need a Vietnamese Person to explain why this place has a big neon train out front.  

The food is actually pretty good.    This may be the best tripe I've had in Pho place.  I love tripe and it was just really yummy.  I think Pho 75 up the street is better in terms of broth and noddles, but that closes early and the Train does not.

Plus, it's all about filling up on the cheap so it's a bit academic to nitpic if you don't get food poisoning.
Climb aboard the Phooooo Train! With the Pho train you pretty much get what you pay for. The Pho definitely isn't the best that you'll find. But it's inexpensive enough to make it just above sub par. and you can't go wrong with the fact that it hooks up cheap drinks with frilly umbrellas (or can you?).

It does dish out an interesting assortment of milkshakes (jackfruit!). And it hooks up a great assortment of soups and pad Thai's. But there are just factors like service, and consistent quality that makes it just fall short of being one of the the better Pho institutions of Philly.
Delicious and cheap, my friends and I all know this place as "The choo choo train restaurant."

I was first introduced to this place by my chinese (now ex) girlfriend and her family a few years ago, and it has since become my favorite destination for inexpensive asian cuisine.  The restaurant isn't especially well lit, or even impeccably clean for that matter - but I love it regardless of it's lack of ambience.  The food is that good!

BTW - Is there a proper way to eat shrimp paste wrapped around sugar cane?  I've just been eating it like a drumstick.... but I always hide a little when I do, and feel like a tourist in my own city.
I wish I could give this place ZERO stars. Too bad that's not an option. I've been a loyal customer here for years and consistently go here for Pho when I'm in Chinatown or taking a lunch break from work. This happened to me about three months ago, but since I decided to start yelping again, I feel strongly to write this and put this out there.

I usually get the pho. When I got it, it had a visible piece of hair. I usually don't like to make a fuss about wrong orders or my orders at all, but come on... a visible piece of hair!?! So I call one of the waiters over and he sees it and takes my bowl away. Less than a minute later, I get my food back and guess what... THE SAME PIECE OF HAIR IS STILL THERE and it just looked like they stirred the other stuff around. 

I really wanted to walk out at that point... anyway, don't ask me what ended up happening, but needless to say, I WILL NEVER BE RETURNING TO CHOO CHOO'S AGAIN AND WILL BE ANTI CHOO CHOOS FOREVER. Go to Pho Ha in South Philly if you want some decent service or Pho. Choo choos is garbage.
The place I go for pho in Chinatown! Named the Choo Choo or the train, this is where we go. All the time. Big bowls of delicious broth, lots of noodles and meat. Number 106 for me! It's always crowded but servers (different ones taking your order, giving you water, clearing plates, and giving you the bill) do their best to make sure you get what need! 

Don't think we've ever waited any more than 5 minutes to get a table. Nice!
I haven't had pho in years!!! Omg this place is awesome!!! Love the atmosphere... They seated me all the way in the back which I didn't like cause its like right by the kitchen but whatever at least the food was on point... I order two apps... papaya salad and crispy veggies spring rolls ...the papaya salad they didn't give me enough sauce so it was a little dry other then that it was fine...the crispy egg rolls was yummy ...two entrees...  Which were pho Mac and pork chop over rice...the pho mac i order had three types of beef loaded with veggies.... I order the medium but it looked like a large bowl of pho gosh ...i wonder how big the large pho would be  after seeing my pho ...yums! This place makes the best pho!! I defiantly would come back for that if i didn't live so far...The pork chop over rice was pretty good but the portion of the meat was pretty small they put imitation crab meat with eggs on the side which is kinda weird but whatever lol ...all that food cost around 15 bucks!! I think that was pretty awesome with all the food I order came out to 15 bucks!
The pho here is delicious! I always get the Pho Tai Nam, but sub in the beef for chicken. 

The food is always fresh and the portions are huge! $5.95 for a large, $6.95 for an extra large. Such a great price for the amount of vegetables, meat, and broth you get. 

One of the best parts about this place is their incredibly fast service. Whenever my boyfriend and I have called in to place our order, our two entrees are ready for pick up within 10-15 minutes. Perfect for when you're hungry and need a quick and easy, but delicious, dinner!
This Vietnamese place, affectionately known as the Choo Choo Train, has been in existence for decades. Although I have been here numerous times years before, I took a 7 year hiatus due to another pho place I have been frequenting.

For a change of pace, I ordered the lemon grass pork chop with broken rice and another guest ordered the pho. The meal was under $20 which was a great deal, but I'm more experienced in Vietnamese food now and I can say that this is average.

The lemon grass pork chop was flavorful, but the effort put into this dish left something to be desired. The fish sauce was too sweet to a point of scratching at one's throat and the pork chop was not marinated enough for the flavors to seep in. I also enjoyed the chop to be slightly caramelized around the edges but this was just cooked with the tiniest bits of caramelization.

In addition, the pho broth was neither rich nor flavorful. It seems to inherit the spices and bones of a good broth, but simply wasn't simmered long enough for the delicate, savory, bone flavors to seep in.

In addition to the mediocre dishes, the restaurant itself was cramped and sticky. There was almost no breathing space between your table and your neighbors and the AC was not strong enough to accommodate the crowd we had that day on a hot summer afternoon.

Overall, this place had the potential to be better, but didn't seem like it wanted to try. It certainly could fool any tourists or pho newbie, but I'd have to pass on this one.
This is a local favorite and one of mine! A wide variety of dishes are available to order. Service is fine. Waitstaff don't usually win points for being particularly friendly or welcoming but they come by and fill your water glasses and bring out food without any problems.

I've ordered a bunch of dishes in the past:
- The escargot was excellent. We ordered two kinds: one with peppers and lemongrass, the other with a coconut sauce!
- Crab soup ($11 for a large bowl for sharing) was bland.
- Tangy curry chicken with lemon grass ($7), recommended.
- Vermicelli with grilled pork and a spring roll ($5), very good.
- Miniature lamb chops ($10), delicious! The filet mignon in a lemon grass sauce ($11) was a spicy treat.

Prices are reasonable, not atypical for a Chinatown restaurant. The check came quickly when it was time to go. Avoid the soup and the phad thai (it's nothing to write home about, try Siam Cuisine down the street instead). Recommended!
I have been here couple of times, sits on corner, it was closed-temporarily, for remodeling, .My parents like It there. Their variety of Pho & soup dishes , amazing, actually too big...but nice assortment. The waitstaff & service is good, like the summer rolls, & soups are good, but of course, when its Hot out, not craving soup!! not just yet!!
Confession: I cheated on my typical pho place (pho ha) to try out this restaurant. Shame on me. While the location is way more convenient for me, the service, cleanliness, and food just fell short. We were seated in the upstairs part of the restaurant which is pretty disgusting compared to the downstairs. There are large bins full of dirty dishes just laying around everywhere. Not a good first impression. 

We looked over the menu but ended up with our typical meals: shrimp summer rolls to start and 2 bowls of steak pho. The service was not great- it was difficult to find our server to get tea and water. Also, we got the rolls at the same time as the huge bowls of pho, which was kind of annoying. The rolls were pretty good but nothing special. I started eating my HUGE bowl of pho (we got extra large thinking it was similar to the sizing at pho ha and they were way too big). The flavor was good.. and then I saw a bug floating around in my soup. Womp womp. We sent it back after we tracked down our server and I was given a new one very quickly, but the little appeal that the place had pretty much dwindled after this. They didn't take the pho off the bill or even apologize. Subpar customer service. 

I won't be back!
I'll be short and sweet (a first for me!) Pho Xe Lua Viet Thai or affectionately know as "Choo Choo" in Chinatown. is the biggest bang for your buck in Chinatown along with Tasty Place. 
The food is good and two people can feast on $20 bucks and I mean feast. 
I gotta give a shout out for their amazing fruit smoothies (Strawberry!!)
WOO WOO!! all aboard!
I thought it was pretty decent. This was my first time here today. Service was great and food came out super fast. 

We ordered cha gio (egg rolls) and goi cuon (rice paper spring rolls for apps. I thought the eggs rolls were too greasy as you can still see the oils on the plate. I thought the spring rolls were okay. The rice paper wraps were a bit over done and mushy. 

For our meals I got the pho ga (chicken). The broth was pretty good. It said on the menu shredded chicken and that was what I was expecting, but it wasn't. We also ordered pan fried noodles with chicken and veggies. We enjoyed that very much. Overall pretty good place in Chinatown.
Although being a pho place, Pho Xe Lua doesn't meet my expectation at all (just fyi i'm vietnamese). The broth is not there yet, it lacks a deep 'umami' flavor, thus it tasted more like pork broth rather than beef broth- you can almost see how light-colored it is. The well-done flank is more chewy than at other standard places.

Otherwise, I would give five star for other dished I have tried such as Bun Thit nuong, Bun bo hue and Hu tieu do bien Thai Lan. They were all on point especially the Bun Bo Hue. 

The service is just sufficient like other vietnamese places; and it's very cheap compared to other vietnamese places.

I would come back, but not for the pho.
Pho in Chinatown... and some of the best Pho I've had to boot!

I could describe the service, the atmosphere, and everything other than the food, but really why bother?  You're here to eat!  Get some Pho Tai, spice it to your liking, and dig in.  While they were a bit light on the tripe, the beef was cooked (or should I say uncooked) to perfection. A regular bowl (they call them L versus XL) should be able to take care of you well until your next scheduled meal.  Try to beat the lunch crowd since it gets packed.
Fe Fi Pho failure here.
On my last evening in Philly we decided to get full on Pho before heading be to NYC.
Using the Yelp App we chose Pho Xe Lua.

We order Pho. the first thing that came out was the extras for the Pho; bean spouts, mint leaves and lemon wedges. Lemon? Yip, No lime.
 
The bean spouts were full of the green-brown bean casing from the growing process use to grow bean spouts. Which means they did not rinsed them properly.
These casing with  leave a muddy taste in the Pho and the lemon did not go well with the Pho broth. the flavor was just not right.

The Pho in general was just OK. 
Today their broth was weak, no rich & flavorful as I was hoping for.

The service was sub standard, even thought there were about 6-8 waiters standing behind us with nothing to do but to chat. At the end of the meal I spill my tea by accident and was wiping up the mess. One waiter walk by and didn't even bother to help.  All the other ones were busy chatting.

Hope your experience is better than mine.
best and biggest pho in the area.  also has excellent rice flake dishes and ho fun.  your food comes out furiously fast (almost too fast) and prices are cheap, cheap, cheap.  there's no atmosphere and you are squeezed into your tables.  they cram everyone in here to the gills.  i always see them blendering yummy looking drinks.  i would eat here every day if i could.
I LOVE PHILLY PHO! I so miss my hometown Viet food!

We used to frequent every weekend, and sometimes thrice a week! This place is so good, cheap, dingy, but oh so good!

Nothing beats the Pho broth here, I don't know why, must be the dirty Philly tap, but whatever it is I definitely recommend!

Stuffed grape leaves are awesome! and so are the typical apps (Shrimp Rolls and such!).

Great for groups too, so if you have a big party no worries they have a second floor seating area. Very casual and cheap, I highly recommend!
This little hole in the wall restaurant delivers! It's simple but to the point. The food is delicious, inexpensive, and big portions. The waiters listen and will actually make substitutions without any hassle. 
We came on a cold and rainy Philly afternoon hoping to find a delicious bowl of pho to warm our souls and we were not disappointed. We got the XL bowl of pho $8.95 (ours had different cuts of beef and meatballs). This bowl was definitely XL it fed two adults and we had leftovers. The broth was full of flavor and just perfectly cooked. They do not skimp on anything here. My favorite were the meatballs next time I'm getting extra of these.
We also got the shrimp summer roll for $3 you get two huge rolls per order. It was very fresh and satisfying. 
All around 5 stars. This place delivers what it promises at such a low price. Food is at your table in no time. And servers are attentive, I can't wait to go back and explore their menu!
1. Pho Xe Lua, or CHOO CHOO for the more experienced crowd, is a tiny hole in the wall with a great big neon sign in the shape of a train that is impossible to miss.

2. Their Pho is delicious! I don't eat beef but I always can find a tasty (and huge) pho-style soup in their 500+ item menu, and it's accompanied by super fresh limes, cilantro and tons of cinnamon basil.

3. They have the best Chinese, Vietnamese and Japanese beers for the cheapest in town! And they have martinis for $4.95. Pretty priceless and hard to beat if you ask me. Bring your friends!
This review is strictly for PHO only.  I can't even conceive of ordering anything else from this venue, so please go on to the next review if you are interested in anything other than pho.

The only five star pho review I will ever give in the east coast.  I know, because I've been eating pho EVERYWHERE they have it in the east coast and the west coast (AND Vietnam, I might add) for the last 12 glorious years.

Pho is my last meal item.  I love it that much. But I'm fiendishly picky about every component of this dish.  I'm not a true carnivore, and as such, do away with the funny bits of cow (I have no problems with them flavoring my broth with it, but I don't care to chew them, thank you very much), and typically go for Pho Tai.  

So starting with the meat...this needs to be RAW, sliced THIN, and a bit on the glistening-bloody side.  The broth, therefore, needs to be piping hot so that as soon as you flip the meat underneath the mass of rice noodles, it cooks instantly.

The rice noodle, since it'll be plunged into the hot broth, cannot be overcooked. They need to be JUST barely pliable, so that it finishes cooking in the broth and becomes slurp-worthy.

Broth, aside from the temperature, is truly the soul of the dish.  I cannot abide by any broth that has little blobs of grease floating on top.  That's an individual preference, I suppose, but I think it tastes so much cleaner and deeper without the floating grease.  Xe Lua gets as close to it as I've seen, though a total elimination isn't possible--after all, it's not consomme we're consuming here.

Last, but not least, are the herbs, lime, and sauce.  Don't skimp on my basil leaves and dandelion leaves.  I cannot, simply cannot, believe people who leave any of these herbs out of their pho!  I get an insane urge to grab them off their plate when I see this.  This is what perfumes the broth and elevates pho to the "Oh my god I just died and went to culinary heaven"  level.  Also, no lemon.  It MUST be lime.  Again, Xe Lua does it right.  In my 12 years, I think they served lemon ONCE.  It shook my phaith (sorry) to the very core, but that has been a few years and they have rectified their cheapskate ways since then.

If you have not had pho ever, I think you would do yourself a great kindness by introducing yourself to it here.  This was my first, and still the best, pho experience in all of east coast.
Came here around 7pm on the eve of Lunar New Year so the streets of Chinatown were abuzz with various celebrations to welcome the new year. Not only was their service quick and  attentive on such a busy night but more importantly, their pho flavors delivered. The broth was flavorful and the beef was cooked just right. The bean sprouts were fresh and crunchy and the serving portion was quite generous. We also had the grilled chicken and pork combo with steamed egg and they were well-seasoned and tender. We also  had the spring rolls which came out sizzling hot (be careful  that you let it sit for a while before  you take a bite)! They were crispy and not greasy nor soggy. I loved the nuoc mam which came in a bigger than usual size dipping bowl! In addition, we tried the mango bubble tea and it was refreshing. When the bill came, it was also surprisingly very reasonable so what's not to like?
I'd say this is one of the best pho places in Chinatown, but not Philly overall. The prices are remarkably cheap for the amount of food you get, be it a large bowl or pho or a bowl of bun. 

I'd come to Pho Xe Lua for a bowl of pho before swinging in Pho 75 or Vietnam Palace. It's just easier on the wallet and more food for your buck.

So I suppose if you're in the Chinatown area and in the mood for pho, swing down here. But if you're in south philly or otherwise, you know what to do: go to Washington Ave.
Our favorite pho place in Philly.  Owners are friendly and attentive, and staff are relatively efficient.  
Food quality is excellent, always very fresh and well balanced.
Prices are very reasonable.
Most highly recommend.
What an amazing gem!
Unlike most Pho restaurants in the city, this one offers a vast menu that includes not only Pho (the signature soup) but many specialty dishes. Their Pho is also amazing because it has about 20 variations and does include seafood Pho (a rarity in the city as well) 
The place itself is rather old, which gives it a dirty look but it's just the look,  I do believe that they pass their sanitary inspection with flying colors.
Found it on Yelp with high scores, and had lunch here with my friend. There were many types of pho on the menu, with different toppings. I had pho with well cooked beef and tribe, and my friend had pho with raw beef, well cooked beef and tribe. They offered large and extra large size to choose, and I think the large size is enough for girls. The pho was really yummy, and the soup was tasty too. We also had spring rolls. They were fried and cut into small pieces, very convenient for multiple people to share. Service was quick and good.
This little hole in the wall restaurant delivers! It's simple but to the point. The food is delicious, inexpensive, and big portions. The waiters listen and will actually make substitutions without any hassle. 
We came on a cold and rainy Philly afternoon hoping to find a delicious bowl of pho to warm our souls and we were not disappointed. We got the XL bowl of pho $8.95 (ours had different cuts of beef and meatballs). This bowl was definitely XL it fed two adults and we had leftovers. The broth was full of flavor and just perfectly cooked. They do not skimp on anything here. My favorite were the meatballs next time I'm getting extra of these.
We also got the shrimp summer roll for $3 you get two huge rolls per order. It was very fresh and satisfying. 
All around 5 stars. This place delivers what it promises at such a low price. Food is at your table in no time. And servers are attentive, I can't wait to go back and explore their menu!
Cockroaches in the pho!

I have been to this restaurant several times and always liked the food.   But I went again with some friends last night and guess what we found in one of our bowls of pho?  A cockroach.  Yes, you read it correctly.  There was a cockroach, dead and looking as though it had been there a while, floating in the pho.

We stopped eating and complained, of course.  What was most disturbing was that the waiter look unsurprised!  It was clearly not the first time this had happened.  And he offered to get us more pho.  Needless to say, we refused.  Obviously the entire pot was contaminated.  Although the manager/owner apologized, it was only after it became clear that other diners began to notice.  We didn't pay for the pho, any of it.  But they still charged us for the rest of the food we had already eaten (mostly apetizers).

Apparently pho is made in advance and sits around for a while to ferment.  The same pot is used for days.  So if the establishment is not careful about cleanliness, things can fall in the pot.

We will never go back.
I came here for dinner on a Saturday night with a group of 5 people.  We ordered a bunch of dishes: shrimp summer rolls, steamed mussels, beef pho, salted pepper 3 treasures (shrimp/scallop/squid), and bbq lemongrass chicken over rice.  If you order the beef pho, you get a choice of large or extra large.  You might as well get extra large since you only live once right.  The summer rolls were okay but the shrimp was small.  The spicy sauce on the mussels was not spicy, more on the sweet side.  The mussels were fresh though.  The extra large beef pho was huge and there's a generous portion of noodles/toppings.  The pho broth was flavorful and not too oily.  The salted pepper 3 treasures was crispy and fresh.  The bbq lemongrass chicken was juicy and tasty.  Service was fast and friendly.  This was one of my favorite places for pho.  I would definitely come back here if I'm ever in Philly.
Apparently this place (aka Choo-choo's) recently changed owners/management. Based on our most recent visit, the taste of the pho has changed....not for the better. It had an unexpectedly sweet taste, not the deeply flavored bone taste we were looking for. The meat and accompaniments were still good. We also tried the chargrilled pork and shrimp and spring roll with fresh vegetables on vermicelli noodles. When everything is mixed together and topped with the sauce provided, it was good and very filling. The vermicelli noodles had no real flavor when tasted independently of the other ingredients, they were also a little limp and cool in temperature. Service was fast.
Solid place in Chinatown for Pho. I ventured and tried the tripe here. Ive had it cooked other ways and liked it. However, I learned I dont like it in my pho.  I still prefer my favorite place in south philly but this place will do. Service here was fine.  I'm just happy they refilled my water without me asking. It's a fast casual restaurant so I don't understand people complaining about service. Staff was very friendly every time I've been here.
Affordable, authentic Vietnamese food with a wide variety of options.  It's not some hip, modern, fusion-y restaurant.  It's just a straight up, high-value Vietnamese restaurant that will give you a bang for your buck whether you're up for a good rice dish or bowl of pho.  

Went to lunch with a co-worker and the place was packed! Ordered the house specialty rice place with the pork chops and it came out with two incredible pieces of pork chops.  Left there soo full and satisfied.  Will be coming back again.
This place can be hard to find but well worth the china town trip. I come here when I am sick and need a hot bowl of pho to the face.

My favorite is the seafood tom yum soup. Its loaded with jumbo shrimp, mussels, fish patties, and imitation crab. First I load it up with all the fresh herbs and bean sprouts they provide you. I then put two spoons of spicy red sauce. Finally I try to eat it as hot in temperature as I can stand and like magic my sinuses and nasal passages are completely cleared.

I have also tried the shrimp roll appetizer, chicken vermicelli with shrimp stick, and the classic beef pho. All of which are excellent.

The time from when you place your order until your meal is ready is fast (usually within 10 minutes). The service is ok considering that only two staff members speak broken English. The rest can speak a few words. I always have to ask for extra napkins and this can be a challenge sometimes.

They also have a cheap full bar menu if you want to get your drink on.

Best of all are the prices and serving sizes. For 6 bucks you can have enough food to feel completely satisfied and have enough to bring home for another meal.

What prevents this place from a 5 star review is some cleanliness issues (like the bathroom), the cramped feel, and the fluorescent lighting inside can be unpleasant.

Overall definitely give it a try, especially during the winter or if your nasal passages are stuffed.
The Pho was pretty average. They were generous with the amount of meat and noodles. But the broth was very light. Surprisingly enough, the smell of fish sauce was a bit overpowering when they first brought the bowl out. The old menu that was posted on Yelp made it seem incredibly cheap for what you can get in the Philly Chinatown. But they have increased their prices. Instead of $7/8 it's now pushing $11. It's pricy for what it is, but it's not the worst Pho I've ever had. The staff was attentive, which is nice, they didn't push you to finish super quickly. It's a bit odd however that there weren't a lot of people who went there. I saw most other people walk into the other restaurants in the area. The ambiance is a bit lacking. The owners clip and prepare a lot of the basil and things you put on the pre Pho plate out. In the restaurant area. I mean, it's nice to know it's fresh, but at the same time you're turning the dining area into the extension of the kitchen. Overall I'd give it a 3.4.
Pho CHOO CHOO as everyone seems to call it, is probably the restaurant I would go to for vietnamese food in chinatown.  They have a very wide range of variety when it comes to their menu.  You can find chinese food, vietnamese food, and thai food here.

I've been here a few times before, this time I decided to try their bun bo hue.  The noodles were overcooked (too soft); however, the broth was pretty flavorful but wasn't spicy enough for me, I had to add the green peppers that came in the pho plate.  Even then, it wasn't spicy enough.  The beef in the bun bo hue was good but the pig feet (I normally don't eat but decided to try today) was very chewy, I don't know if it's suppose to taste like that or if it's undercooked.  I've had their pad thai here before. The portion is rather large and I tasted too much ketchup in it (not a fan).  As for the pho, it is pretty good, my friend ate the whole bowl and the soup, so it must be really good.  They only come in large and extra large.  
This place is quite a deal when it comes to pricing.  A bowl of pho large is 6.50 and so was my bun bo hue, so our meal came out to be 13 dollars and some change. 
As far as service, let's not kid ourselves, this is an asian restaurant in chinatown.  Their style of service is eat and leave.  
I would likely come back to try some other dishes.
If you want the best Pho in Philly Chinatown, check out Pho Xe Lua (or the train/choo choo place). Not only is it one of the best in Philly, it also gives the most generous portion of Pho (vietnamese noodles), it's not that expensive, and service is super fast. They also have some good smoothies, like the strawberry or mango smoothie, along with other flavors. Their rice entrees are also pretty good, but their trademark dish is the pho. I've also had their thai coconut chicken soup... very awesome. I recommend this place for anyone who wants some fast cheap food in Chinatown. 

Note: they close on Wednesdays.
The pho place I keep coming back to :) They are quick, soup is good and not too fatty, and meat is decent. The portion size is just right, and the XL bowl is HUGE. I've also tried the vermicelli bowl, which I must say I was pretty satisfied with. I got the combo which basically had every meat possible in there and all were good. My fave being the shrimp on sugarcane. They also do not skimp on the meat! I had soo much left over meat vs noodle ratio that I ended up bringing a lot of it home to make some extra vermicelli. Their fish sauce tasted good also.
Is called Choo Choo's because of the train on their storefront signage.

Oh my gosh I love this place. Everything about it. It's legitimate, food authentic, and prices unbeatable. $5.95 vs $6.95 for a large and x-large respectively.

It has the hallmarks of any authentic Vietnamese restaurant: House special Pho, and spring (summer rolls). 

There is sriracha sauce, a bilingual menu, and asian waiters. The bowls are humongous (large vs x-large - get the x-large if you want to split with a friend). The meat is as  standard as any legit viet restaurant has.


The spring rolls are SO GOOD. They're big, and filled with shrimp and everything! The dipping sauce is generous and good. 2 for $3.00! It's a steal anywhere you go.

Just as good as Viet restaurants in LA, if not better.
This place is a place that one needs to go back to, again and again. The shrimp on sugar cane was a hit with my 8 year old, and my wife and I enjoyed the mussels and summer rolls.

We all had Pho, which was wonderful. Being from Portland Oregon (with a large # of  Vietnamese/Thai restaurants that rock), we had been hard pressed to find a good Pho dish here.

We now have found it.
Thank you Philadelphia for making me well-versed enough in pho to speak on the greatness of this establishment. Pho Xe Lua Viet Thai is my new favorite place to get pho.

A friend of a friend swears by this place, so after trying many others, I tried to come here a couple weeks ago, but it was too packed to get a table. I returned a bit after 5 on a Friday, and had no trouble getting a table for two. First of all, Pho Xe Lua has the best dining atmosphere - over all other places to get pho in Philadelphia. Their menu is bigger than a lot of the other spots as well. You can also order alcoholic beverages or a bubble tea to suit your tastes.

Service is super quick and pretty friendly. The pho...great meat quality, tasty noodles, cheap, and decent size. Perfect.

This spot deserves to be my default pho restaurant!
Lets start w/ very great price... appetizer, 2 main dishes, 2 beverages ll for $44 which includes tip ... tasty and well worth it for 2 people

The Pho you can skip on b/c the broth is weak... but try 212 - chicken lemon grass and white rice and the pad thai .... bangin'

Also, please please please get the vietnamese coffee dripped (hot or cold), a must have here along w. the beef carpacio bathing in lime juice and friend onions and fish sauce.

For a fast in and out (40 mins top sit down venue), it gets a 4.5 stars minus 0.5 for the lack of ambience
I was staying with my brother in Chinatown and was craving some "bun bo hue". I did a search on yelp and this was the closes place and seeing the four stars, I was stoked! I didn't want to eat there so I called and ordered it to go. I should have hung up realizing this place was not legit when they didn't know what "bun bo hue" was from me speaking it. Despite my better judgment I went to pick it up and it was gross. There was no lemongrass smell to it (the foundation to this soup) at all. It seems like they used the pho broth and just poured it over a different kind of vermicelli and called it "bun bo hue".
Choo choo...!! 

If you want a tour of Vietnam in your mouth, this is the place to go. From their Pho dishes, to their oc xào xot (hot pepper and lemon grass sate escargot) dish, to their soft shell crab melt-in-your-mouth love affair, everything is a must try!

While living in Philadelphia for six years, this was my place to go when I'm home sick for my mommy's home cooking. Not only are the dishes authentic, but the prices are very reasonable, and extremely affordable. You're probably thinking, "prices are affordable? Does this mean that the dishes are small in size?" NOPE. For the prices, the portions are large, and fulfilling.

The decor of this place is more homely than anything else, their main concern is food, so there's no fuss in the decorations. The service is quick (except during their peak time, when you have to wait for a table), they want to get you in, have you stuff your face, and get you out the door, they do this without making you feel rushed, or being pushy. 

If you're sick, and if you're an Andrew Zimmern, try their Chao Long, or innards rice porridge. If you can get pass the innards, you will enjoy this delish, make-you-feel-a-million times better dish. This was always my dish when I was feeling down or when I was sick. 

Basically, if you're in Philadelphia, and if you can only have one meal, do dinner, and go to Pho Xe Lua! You will NOT be disappointed and your wallet will still love you.

My mouth is watering just writing this review... LOVE LOVE LOVE!
I learned I am the sign of a horse. 

Horses must be allowed to show their emotions. They are hotblooded, hot-tempered, and impatient,and they will gladly demonstrate. In love, Horses are quite vulnerable. They give up everything for the object of their affections. This causes them trouble since they are such impulsive creatures! They must learn to use caution. If one has a Horse in their house, you can bet the Horse receives most of the attention. Horses like being the hub and have everything revolving about them. In return, they work hard and share with everyone.

My mate should be a tiger! 

That's what I learned cause I was waiting so long to be waited on.  Seriously we waited a good 15 minutes before we were about to walk out and someone finally came over.  

Hmmm now what did I have the chicken or pork? Funny I couldn't tell the difference because when I tasted my friends plate it tasted the same.
My friend and I came here during a day trip. She used to live in Philly and this was one of her usual hangouts, so she was very excited to bring me!

I had the rice dish with shredded pork and grilled pork, and egg. I also had a lychee drink. Everything was super tasty! My favorite part, other than the grilled pork itself, was the bill, which on my end came to around $10 after tipping and even with the drink. Wonderful!
Came here around 930pm (they closed at 10pm) on a Thursday. My friend and I were seated right away. We ordered and the food was out within what seemed like a few minutes.

The three dishes we got were very good (comparing it to homemade Vietnamese cooking as well as Boston's Vietnamese restaurant scene).  We got phó tai bo vien, bun dac biet, and banh cuon cha lua. 

Would come back again.
With a nice weekend trip to Philly, I was honestly craving for some Pho. While strolling down through Chintown, Pho Xe Lua peaked my interest. Being originally from California, I've definitely had some pho during my time so I'm coming in here with some expectations. Just walking in and doing a quick glance through, this place definitely looked like a legit pho restaurant. From the plastic utensils, the cheap tables, and authentic smell, these were green flags, and I was ready to go!

Now the prices here are pretty legit too. $5.95 for a regular bowl, and $6.95 for a truly large bowl. I mean, that bowl is gigantic, so if you're really really hungry, then opt for the large. I went ahead and ordered the usual #1 combination bowl of pho with all your typical fixings like tripe, brisket, tendon, etc. Now when my pho came and I took a sip of the broth, I was sadly underwhelmed. The broth was decent, but it didn't have a blast of flavor that I was expecting. To be honest, it was even a little on the bland side. To compound that, it was a little lukewarm, which isn't always the best with soup. As far as the toppings are concerned, they were all there, but there was like 1-2 pieces of each ingredient. I kind of expected there to be more meat, but I guess that comes with the large bowl? The noodles were spot on though. Nice and chewy and cooked to perfection. But even so, that's not enough to save the total package.

Pho Xe Lua Viet Thai, your name is so legit for a pho restaurant, but the pho is actually a little underwhelming. Perhaps you had an off day, or perhaps you just really like serving underwhelming pho. At least your prices are legit enough that I can't stay mad at you forever.
This place was easily affordable when I was a jobless high school student living on allowance. Yup. It's that cheap.

It was also always tasty, and quick.

My recommendations:

- Try the coconut or the lemongrass snails. They're very tasty, and have the texture of very tender (but not chewy) young squid.

- Get an extra large bowl of pho to split between 2 people. It's huge.

- Carpaccio! Served with lots of fresh basil, toasted garlic and onions, peanuts, and lime wedges to squeeze over the top.

- Nem nuong, Vietnamese grilled pork meatballs - not as good as Vietnam Palace's, but good enough to get.

- People love their "milkshakes" here. They're really just fruit smoothies, but they ARE tasty.

If you get every item I just mentioned, you fed four people for about 30 bucks, not including tip. Score!

Pro-tip: I don't really go here for atmosphere, but the place is an old standby that will always be an option for me. Start your night here with a starchy, meaty dinner, and then go drink yourself silly.

EDIT
I downgraded this to a 3 star because I can't put it on the same level as my actual favorite Vietnamese restaurant.
Arguably the best Pho restaurant in Philadelphia's Chinatown; the Pho in Chinatown isn't great to begin with. Washington Ave is a drive away if you're looking for something slightly better.
The place itself was like any standard Pho restaurant; cheap tables, small cramped spaces, etc. I ordered a large bowl which was two dollars extra from the regular bowl at ~$6.
Food came out quickly and the servers provided refills of tea and water quickly. Overall, service was pretty good. They also listened to our request of steaming up the bean sprouts.
For the Pho itself, it was average across the board. I needed to put a good amount of "extra" ingredients to get it where I wanted. For the price and the service I couldn't complain though. I'd gladly go back again, but it may not hit the spot for some of you Pho aficionados.
This pho place is really great. As with all pho places the service is amazingly fast. The broth is really tasty. Not sure if there is MSG in it but I like it :D

I've come here twice and must say that if you want cheap eats in a casual place this hits the spot. 

Note: it is run by canto people but they do Pho right :D
I LOVE THIS RESTAURANT.

I have been dining here for such a long time and it has never disappointed me. The same staff, they are all so kind and vigilant. 
It has taken me almost 6 years to sit down and write a review. Every time a friend from out of town stops by I absolutely take them here. 

THE ITEMS YOU MUST TRY!!!

Bun Cha Bio, Thit Nuong, Tom Nuong (bbq Pork SO GOOOOD, bbq shrimp, vermicelli, pickled daikon, cucumber)

Hu Tieu Do Bien (Seafood noodle soup, ask for egg noodles)

The curry fried chicken is FUCKIN BOMBBBBB

The sauteed pea leaves are delicious. 

ANY of the rice platters, especially the PORK!!

If you're in chinatown and are unsure, don't walk by this hidden gem. You can't miss it, right on Race St. It has a locomotive train neon light in the window and a glow of vietnamese goodness. Be adventurous, this is not a place you want to take someone who is on a chicken nugget and french fry diet and gets upset if you get some organs in a menu item you don't understand. GOOD LUCK
clean, fast and big bowl of pho for a reasonable price. crunchy onions, some scallions, throw in bean sprouts and mint leaves, beef ready - the only way to go is here. if you want pho in philly, this place will serve you right. a favorite when i'm in philadelphia.
My friend brought me here when I went down to Philly to visit him. I've had Pho in NY and NJ. Comparing them to this place, Pho Xe Lua Viet Thai is okay. My friend and I ordered beef pho and spring rolls for appetizers. Both were good. Nothing special. It is a big bowl of pho at a very good (cheap) price. So I cannot complain.
I just made a move from South Philly to Center City. Let me be dramatic for a second here: I feel so far away from the great pho along Washington. 

So boyfriend and I made a visit here to explore the pho options in my new neighborhood, in a vain attempt to fill this noodly hole in my heart. 

We'd heard lots of good things about this 'choo choo train' spot. Sadly, it didn't stack up. While Pho Xe Lua Viet is totally serviceable, it's nowhere close to the better bowls in the city (hat tip to Pho Cyclo and Pho 75.) 

The broth is a little bland, the noodles are gummy and sticky, and the cuts of meat are flavorless, dry, and too large. The springrolls were pretty good though! And it's always nice to be able to order a beer. 

Like I said, not bad, but think I'd rather take the longer walk south for better noodles.
Pho Xe Lua is a little gem for sure.

Their pho amusingly comes in two sizes: large or extra large, and I hope that's warning enough for you to come very, very hungry!  The pho is really good, even though I don't remember the exact kind I got, it had pork meat in it (very tender) and so many soft rice noodles.  I couldn't finish mine and practically had to roll my round self out of the restaurant.

The first time I came, I had pho but the second time I had heard a lot of good things about their Tom Yum Soup, so I knew I had to get that this time around.  I also ordered the snails (ugh, so delicious.  Also so many!) and their banh cuon cha lua (steamed rice flour rolls with Vietnamese sausage).

The Tom Yum Soup isn't the best I've had, but it hit the spot - I was really hoping for a bit more of that tangy / sour taste.  The seafood they had in it was also alright too, it tasted not as fresh as I was hoping.  I think because I came with such a high bar, that's why I felt a little bit disappointed after eating it.  The rice flour rolls were also maybe not quite what we expected, but it was fun to try even if it wasn't one of our favorites (this was probably just due to personal preference). 

The snails though!! They are a must have!! Just give them a try - you eat them by sticking your toothpick into the shell to pin down the snail meat and drag it out of the shell.  The marinade they were cooked in is straight up addictive.  You will love it, trust me.  

My recommendation? Get the snails as an appetizer.  Get the pho.  Leave EXTREMELY satisfied.
Pho Xe, Choo Choo, whatever your name is...hot damn this is some good pho! 
Meat, noodles, fixins and such were all standard, but the broth was some of the best I've ever had. And really, that's the most important part. 
6.50 for an XL bowl with rare beef. 
3.50 for a shrimp roll. 
Free hot tea on the table.
Win.
Don't be fooled by other pho places in Chinatown. Choo Choo is tops!
I was really grateful to find this place after a friend recommended it. I have a bunch of food allergies, which makes eating out very challenging. The chef and the staff were really understanding and they carefully checked to make sure I was covered. I had a green curry (gluten free / soy free / garlic free). It was really clean and sat really well with me. Not too spicy. Great flavors. One of the things I really liked about it was that it was thicker than other green curries (cornflour thickened), so it wasn't thin or watery like this dish often is at other places. 

My boyfriend had the frog and it was really great too. It was his first time eating frog and he said that had made it super tasty. 

Very happy to find this place and would definitely eat here again.
You get a lot of food for a good price, but their pho is only decent. It's a bit bland. I've also had the raw beef with lime which was diviiiine. I haven't tried their other dishes, but from looking at my friends', they look legit. I like their avocado milkshake, too.

Seating is a little weird, but I think they do what they can with their small space. We sat at a table for four that was about an inch away from a table for two. The couple looked kind of peeved (sorry!). The service isn't particularly bad, but they could be a little more attentive.

Overall, Pho Xe Lua is a pretty average place. Brownie points for having both a name and nickname that's fun to say.
Pho Xe Lua is not a large place, but it's bigger than it seems since it has second-floor seating. It seems like it'd be best for parties of 6 and under. Despite having small areas, the restaurant is not crowded. It has a clean, simple design, and Vietnamese pop plays quietly in the background. I was really surprised at how clean the bathrooms were, too. They were impecable, and even had those Xlerator hand dryers.

For a smaller restaurant, Xe Lua has quite a large menu. It includes a category of "Chef's Specials," which is a total mixed bag of dishes from beef, pork and shrimp to frog and lamb. It offers dinners to be shared for parties of 2, 4, 6, and 8. Alcohol is featured at the forefront of the menu as well as the store, but I just had some Thai tea ($2, cheap!) while waiting for my friend. I observed a mixed clientele, ranging from white to hispanic to Vietnamese.

I ordered Pho Tai Nam. Pho here comes in two sizes, large ($5.95) and extra large (6.95). Xe lua indeed! It came quickly, and the large was huge! I couldn't finish. My friend Michael is what he calls a picky eater and what I call crazy - he asked for his with no vegetables. Somehow, it came with onions and scallions anyway. Poor Michael! He ate it anyway.

The broth here is light, tasty, and not oily at all. Michael and I both agreed that it could use more meat flavor though. Perhaps it was a little too light; we felt it was a muted flavor. I was very happy to see pink meat, something I've missed for a while. As I separated my slices of rare steak, the ones in the middle were even more pink! Finally I could see my meat cook in the broth. Sadly, it wasn't very flavorful either, but a bit dry. I thought it was pretty good overall, but something must have been wrong with me that day. I didn't come close to finishing. Did I subconsciously think it wasn't very good, or was I just not feeling pho that day? I was definitely hungry; I'd been walking around Philly all day sightseeing. Oh well. It's probably worth coming back, but if I were to eat pho again in Philly, I'd give another restaurant a try.


Rating Breakdown:

Taste (10/14):
Broth flavor- 4/5
Noodle & meat quality- 3/5
Garnish selection- 1/2
Portion size- 2/2

Restaurant (13/16):
Service- 4/5
Cleanliness- 4/5
Atmosphere- 3/4
Speed of arrival- 2/2

Total: 23/30

Read more at www.phoacrossamerica.com
When looking to grab some pho in the city, this is always my first choice.  The chicken is always tender - not rubbery or chewy like the pho joint much closer to my house.  Definitely a no frills atmosphere, and the Thai food is not quite as good, but you will never leave hungry.  

And $2.50 Sapporo - not bad, either.
Nothing screams comfort than pho on a gloomy windy day. In need of something soupy and warm, we stumbled upon this restaurant. 

Of all the pho places, we chose here due to the amount of reviews. Upon walking in, the restaurant felt like a hole in the wall. Old, but gave warm vibes. Definitely a taste of home. The server attending to us was speedy, jumping from table to table. 

We ordered the Shrimp Summer Rolls ($5.25), Large Special Rice Noodle Soup ($9.75), and the Large Medium Rare Beef & Tripe Rice Noodle Soup ($9.75). The Shrimp Summer Rolls were served on separate plates (how cute). They were probably the worst I had due to how flimsy they were, but they still satisfy! Our pho were pretty much the same of course, but with different ingredients. I still prefer the Chinatown NYC pho better, but these were different, from the noodle texture to the broth. Their broth was on the sweeter side. Their beef was bomb though, as they were very tender and soft. 

Bowls were large, with even an option for extra large. You will definitely leave with a stuffed tummy here, in a good satisfying way.
If you're looking for a quick place for Pho in Chinatown, Choo Choo's is the place to go. The pho here is refreshing and has a clean after taste with no oily residue, which is an added plus! 

The shrimp on sugar cane was delicious. The sugarcane was my favorite part. You just chew on the sugarcane and it is jam packed with flavorful broth from the shrimp and sugar.

The bbq pork over rice was beautifully seasoned and perfectly cooked. This was by far one of the best bbq pork over rice dishes I have had in the Philly area.
In search of a lighter snack, we journey for Pho. Incited by decent reviews, we happened upon Pho Xe Lua Viet Thai Restaurant. It wasn't that busy but it seemed to serve quite a few locals. We ordered spring rolls and Pho Ga (shredded chicken) and the food was prepared very quickly. The Pho was done just right but the spring rolls were over cooked. It was not unbearable but it could've been cooked a minute or two less. It is a nice spot to try but it would not be my first choice for Pho. 

With that being said, I would visit again. A second chance may lead to a more exciting experience.
I've been here twice now in the last two months. And the service has always been really fast and the servers are very knowledgeable and courteous which is key. The establishment is also quite clean for a place this busy. The prices are good and the food is tasty. This place is great for groups. They have an area upstairs for additional seating. My favorite thing to get at Vietnamese restaurants is vermicelli with shrimp. It also comes with pork which is good too. 

I recommend checking this place out!
I've came here a few times and each time that I have came, I've been treated horribly by the servers. 

I've had a few bad incidents, but the one that stuck out to me the most was when I came here with a group of 8. Out of the 8, me and a friend decided to split a dish. So I asked the server for an extra plate and he knocked on the table with his knuckles 2 times. Just like this "KNOCK KNOCK" very loudly to show me that he already brought me an extra plate. RUDE! I could not enjoy the rest of my meal or my time there with my friends because I just felt very uncomfortable and unwanted at the restaurant. 

After this incident, I've never returned. And the food here is average anyway. Plus there's plenty of other places surrounding the area that serves the same cuisine and with better service. 

Do no waste your time coming here.
Probably the best pho place in Chinatown. Made my bowl an XL because I'm a pig and it was definitely a lot of food. $7.50 for a large bowl of warm goodness on a winter day is unbeatable.  Although the pho places near the Italian market is still better, this is as good as it gets in center city east.

Our server wasn't that attentive though, didn't refill our water once. I need my cold water with warm foods!
A hot bowl of pho from here definitely hits the spot! Portions are generous, food is fresh, broth is great- really can't complain about this place. The spring rolls are also very tasty- different from how other places may do it but definitely worth the try. My boyfriend and I would love to come back here if we are ever in the area again.
This place has amazing pho! I've had pho in different places and this place was one of the good ones.

I actually came here while on vacation and unfortunately came down with a cold and I knew something warm would make me feel better. The broth had such a great flavor and made me feel a lot better.

I ordered the 101 pho bowl, which comes with everything except meatballs (but you can add them in for $2).
The pho bowls come in large and x-large. I had a hard time finishing the large, but it was so worth it! It had such great flavor and the meat was delicious! I also ordered the shrimp summer rolls. I LOVE these rolls. Their peanut sauce was yummy!! 

For dessert I ordered a Taro smoothie and it was delicious.

The environment was very nice and clean. The staff was amazing and very friendly. They were very attentive. Our food came out within 10-15 minutes at most. 

If you're craving some pho while you're in Philly, you have to come here!
The chu chu train!

Great soup but most of the stuff on flat plates that I've had there has been pretty generic. Their raw beef covered in peanuts is pretty good for all the raw beef & peanut enthusiasts out there and their shrimp balls on sugarcane are also good. 

The waiters are great (love that tall, skinny old guy) but if you order booze you may have to explain what whiskey is and how it's served. 

Also a friend of mine ordered something with beef balls there, and we were pretty sure that they were actually beef testicles. He made himself vomit from shame in the parking lot, so I would stay away from anything called beef ball in that place.
2.5 to 3 stars, I have mixed feelings - Ive come here many times over the years and now that I live in Chinatown, I feel I can make a better assessment because I remember feeling underwhelmed each time I go and whenever someone suggest Pho Xe Lua, I squirm and politely suggest somewhere else.

For me, Pho here is not as bad as Pho 20 down the st but is very lackluster and plain. The broken rice dishes arent bad but one time I tried to order banh canh cua and it was completely not what banh canh cua is supposed to be. It came with what looked like regular old chicken broth and didnt have that viscousness to it. I don't mind the oc in coconut basil sauce though and the bo luc lac was good. Also do enjoy the bo nuong la and bo tai chanh. 

Even though there are some things they make here that other viet places in chinatown dont have, this place is not the cleanest.. but IDK, maybe thats all restaurants?

Despite many reviews on here complaining about the staff, they haven't been too bad to me, but I can see how they can be aloof and unapologetic.
Pho @ Xe Lua is great! I'd recommend it highly. The portions are very large, the prices cheap, and the quantity of meat is very generous. 

I believe it was $6 for a large bowl and $7 for an extra large. The brisket here tastes amazing and it is cut into large pieces. And lastly, if you end up ordering the shrimp spring roll appetizer, here's a tip. Mix in a fair amount of sriracha into the peanut sauce before eating!

It can be a little packed there, but service is so quick, they always find room to accommodate you (there is extra seating upstairs). The only real downside would be parking. It can be hard to find street parking, but the place gives a discount if you park @ one of the garages. Just show your ticket to the owner of the restaurant and he'll stamp or mark it.
I'm not a Pho expert. I do know that they make it better than I would. I usually grab the Veg Pho and I think that it is suitable. For 5 bucks a ton of broth, noodles, lime, basil, sprouts, mixed green veggies etc. I dislike the chewey rubbery tofu strips so I don't put them in my soup. Tiny dirty place, but it's Philly Chinatown no surprises there. I said 5 bucks.
Needed dinner and did not want another Philly Cheesesteak so we decided to get pho! Pho is always a great option! First off, one thing I noticed was that this place offered indoor dining- they marked off some tables to create space between tables which is great but we opted to taking out anyway. We ordered a bun bo hue and a grilled pork/spring roll and shrimp vermicelli and the total came out to under $20. Def a tad cheaper than NY pho! We had to wait about 10 mins for our order so we walked around for snacks before coming back to pick it up. 
The orders felt heavy- they give a LOT of food. The bun bo hue noodles/bean sprouts/beef came in a take out container that was packed to the rim (no picture because we couldnt wait to eat) and the vermicelli was also packed! First, the bun bo hue is a little different from how I am used to eating it in NY. not bad, just different. The vermicelli was also pretty good. The grilled pork was soo good, it was pretty much the star of the night for me. Not sure what it is but it was reallly tasty I wished I got just a grilled pork vermicelli. Overall, a great meal!
Absolutely love going there. Service is okay depending on how much people is there. Usually I go and it's pretty busy so I am kinda okay with their service. 

Their pho are I think the best in Chinatown. The food comes out pretty quickly so theres not much wait.  Their smallest bowl is a large bowl so I do recommend going when you can finish it all so you dont waste the  food. :] 

Prices are cheap, the large bowl is like 5.50. & it's from Chinatown?! #fellinlove lol. 

Their bubble drinks are cool too and they always put it take-out drinking containers and not in those glasses so you do not feel like you have to rush the drink and actually enjoy the goodness.
I've since tried other dishes at Pho Xe Lua so I'm updating my review.

Filet Mignon with lemongrass is still tasty.
Pho is good, comforting.
Appetizer with raw beef slices is solid.
Fish dish was not as good.
Tofu with vegetables was uninspired -- I'd avoid ordering this in the future.

For $5, the mixed drinks were solid. Quite good for the price.
A bowl of Pho (#101) would probably make our Vice President jump out from his seat and yelp 
"This is a big f--king deal". Yes!  That was my reaction, and many yelpers too, who tried it in Pho Xe Lua Viet Thai (choo choo restaurant). It tastes so good and makes me want to yell (but obviously I didn't), instead, I yelp to you now. so let's begin:

Pho #101 (Large or Extra-Large): Even you order a large bowl; you will be amazed by its size when the bowl is actually sitting in front of you. Yes, it's HUGE in my opinion. Inside the bowl, a pile of various types of beef and beef inner parts (such as thin cuts of beef, brisket, fatty flank, tendon, tripe...etc) that covers up top. Right under them, you will find a ton (a little bit exaggeration) of white rice noodles in clear beef broth. Let me rephrase myself one more time on the last part of my sentence : CLEAR BEEF broth (many other restaurants are serving NO-CLEAR, NO-Beef, or nasty broth). If you dare to look at it again, you will probably think that you are getting an extra-large order (don't be shy about it, ladies!). A plate of fresh greens, herbs, vegetables and various others are right next to your soup and waiting for actions. Once you properly "mix" them into your soup, Da..da..da!! delicious! Yet, the price is under 7 dollar. Can't be that.

Pad Thai: Spaghetti like rice noodle mixed with red hot/sweet sauce covered up by big shrimps, dry tofu and others on top looks very nice. And of course it tastes good too. It's one of the best pad thais I have in Philly so far. Yes, it's under $10. Great deal, great taste!

Many other "Exotic" drinks such as martinis with various flavor, bubble teas, and Avocado smooth drinks are very tasty, and yet, probably the cheapest in town!

Try them yourself in this Choo choo restaurant !!
Oh pho train, I'm so MAD at you!  My dining companion wanted pho but I didn't because i felt like it was too hot out for soup.  

I had some deluxe vermicelli and it was the nastiest thing I've ever eaten in my life.  Gross enough to make me knock this place down a star.   The noodles were overdone, and the fried chunks of meat on top just tasted disgusting.  

I like the pho here, but I'm not going here again unless it's for pho.
Hands down the best Vietnamese/Thai food I have ever had in my life. 

First of all, the portions are HUGE. And, as if that's not enough of a selling point, the flavors are always bold and delicious. 

The pho is definitely my favorite. The 210 and 212, the chicken and beef with lemongrass and peppers/onions are amazing too. I also highly recommend the 216, the chicken and potato curry. 

On top of the deliciously flavorful  food, the staff is always so polite, friendly, fast and attentive. 

This place is so good that you will find yourself craving it weekly, my family has been going there or getting take out at least once a week for about 7 Years now. 

Give it a try, you won't regret it.
Was the first Vietnamese restaurant I ever ate at, so there is a certain sentimental vibe that I get from here. It's really not my favorite place overall for Vietnamese (Nam Phuong, Le Viet, or Vietnam are probably there), but it has a nice selection of dishes and the pacing is very quick. I actually don't find the pho that good, although they have some other dishes that are very good, including my favorite bun bo hue in Philly. Pho ga (chicken pho) is also pretty good.

Favorite items:

Appetziers: Cha Gio (spring rolls), Goi Cuon (shrimp rolls), Papaya salad with shrimp and pork, flank steak carpaccio

Soups: Canh Chua Ga Thai Lan (chicken coconut sour soup), Bun bo hue, Hu Tieu Do Bien (Seafood Noodle soup), Pho Ga, Hu Tieu Suon Nuong (BBQ Pork Chop soup), Pho Tai Nam (beef pho with flank steak and eye round)

Noodle Dishes: Hu Tieu Xao Bo (Rice flake with beef), BBQ pork and spring roll on vermicelli, Shrimp on sugar cane and BBQ pork and spring roll on vermicelli.

Rice Dishes: Com Suon Nuong (Pork Chop on rice), Com Ga Nuong (Lemongrass Chicken on Rice), Com Ga Ca Ri Khoai Tay (Curry Chicken with potatoes on rice), House Fried Rice

Specials: Curry Chicken, Lemongrass Chicken, Bo Luc Lac (Filet in lemongrass sauce)
I have wanted to stop here for the longest time. Choo choo did not disappoint at all. 

First off, definitely try the snails!! they were pretty tasty once you get into the rythem of eating them. The mussels were just OK, non of us were a fan of the ketchup like sauce that they ere drowned in. Our entrees were great!! delicious Pad Thai came to the table as well as some awesome fried fish and a bowl of vermicelli with grilled chicken. Everything was fantastic and the price was great as well. 

This is a great place for a quick meal with some friends, great Viet thai comfort foods abound!!
I've been coming to this place for years.  My Vietnamese college roommate introduced me to pho at this place circa 1996.  And while the friendship has come and gone, my love of pho has only gotten stronger.  

This place is almost like a cafeteria.  It's always packed, there's always a flow of people in and out, and the food comes out fast and hot.  It's a little divey--but then again you're in Chinatown.  If I walked into a swanky pho place in Chinatown, I would immediately walk out because that's not normal.  The goi cuon is very good.  The pho is above average (you can taste lots of star anise) but a touch on the too-salty side.  The vermicelli dishes are average.

Back when I was a Vietnamese food newbie, I would have unhesitatingly given this place 5 stars.  But now that my Vietnamese palate has become a bit more sophisticated (thanks to the Denver, CO Vietnamese food scene--what UP Federal Boulevard woot woot!) this place gets 3 stars.
Ok- we sat down to eat in this restaurant and had to get up to leave. I have never seen such a dirty floor in my life. It really creeped me out and I could not make myself give them the benefit of the doubt and order. I feel bad for leaving such a poor review but "Eek! Methinks not" describes my thoughts exactly when looking around this restaurant.
My boyfriend and I have been coming here regularly for years. It's always our go-to spot for Pho therapy.
I think this is the best pho I've had in Philly. Better than Pho Ha. Better than Pho 75.

Why?

Clear, clean, aromatic broth. (Not cloudy or questionable). 

Tender, high-quality tasting beef. (Not chewy or gamey). 

That's really all you need to know. This place may be a diamond in the rough that is Chinatown. Check it out.
This place was actually recommended to e and my boyfriend by my Vietnamese roommate. We were craving Pho and she said this was one of the best places to get it. 

The place seemed a little strange to me in the way that it was orientated to sit, but I usually feel that way when entering an unfamiliar restaurant. The person running front of house ended up seating us at a two person table, directly next to where a table of three was sitting. Which, normally wouldn't bother me, but there was about a half inch gap between tables. We were practically dining with them. I felt very invasive of their privacy considering I could hear every bit of their conversation, and majority of the time ended up being distracted by it. It would be one thing if there were no other seats available and that is where they sat us, but there was an empty table for two one row over and no people sitting at the table next to it.

Honestly, that's my only complaint. The service was quick, as was the wait for our food. We both got pho ga (chicken pho). It was delicious and the portion size was big enough for us both to split it and be full. And to top it off, the bill was only about $13 for two huge portions of food. Very delicious. Very cheap. Would definitely come back for more despite being very close to other dining patrons.
I've had a hypothesis that if a restaurant has great neon lighting, then my experience will be wonderful. Pho Xe Lua proves my hypothesis correct.

As we entered, we were automatically seated on the first floor. Service was extremely attentive and we had our dishes within ten minutes. I ordered 101. The bowl was definitely bigger than my face and consisted of clear, delicious broth, vermicelli, and different cuts of meat. I always feel like pho places skimp out on the beef, but they went all out in my bowl. I even had a few good chunks of beef afterwards, which never happens! My partner ordered a vermicelli dish, which I can't recall right now (although I'm pretty sure it was 301). It was also very good, but looked tiny compared to my humongous pho bowl. A lot of people have criticized their cleanliness/décor. I'm not sure if they were expecting P.F Changs décor, but it seems like a typical Asian restaurant to me. Our bill totaled to $14 and some change - so if you're trying to get the bang for your buck during the winter months - definitely come here!
