Fans of structured gluttony, pay Picanha a visit.

Friendly servers constantly offered us cuts from huge chunks of pork, beef, and chicken. Many cuts were glistening moist and aromatic, while others were more traditional preparations, drier than I'd like, but offset by plenty of tender fatty - and solidly lean - pieces. From the buffet, we kept ourselves going with light salads and a wonderfully spicy, wonderfully addictive habanero sauce.

Eventually we had to turn service away and focus on what was literally on our plates. And focus we did: besides a soap opera playing, only the din of diners kept us company.
Dear Diners,

Stop making the comparison to Chima or Fogo. You're not in center city, there's no valet, its in what used to be a nice part of the NE, AND the inside isn't there to be in Martha Stewart Living. Get over yourselves if you want a "posh" setting. Go to chima and fogo from now on, this way there'll be more food for us not so hoity toity eaters in the NE.
I'm drifting in and out of food coma as I write this. The food completely blows me away and the service is excellent!

We came here after seeing a Groupon offer ($95 for four people plus drinks and desserts). In addition to rodizio, you get about 20 different trays of all-you-can-eat dishes ranging from plantains, yellow rice, stewed beef, fruits, and salads. However, if you have a normal sized appetite, skip the buffet and go for the rodizio meats.

The rodizio has a wide range of selections including bacon wrapped chicken, skirt steak, chicken heart, pork loin, garlic steak, garlic chicken, steak, and more! The steaks are tender, perfectly seasoned, and juicy. The chicken is savory, but a bit on the dry side.

At the end of the meal, you walk up to the dessert table where there is a large selection of yummy cakes, puddings, and cheesecakes. The Tres Leches was the winner although the Tiramisu was not half bad. The Tres Leches (milk cake) was sweet, creamy, and milky. The Tiramisu had a nice cocoa flavor with a spongy and creamy texture. Lastly, the corn pudding was...corny and interesting.

Overall, this place hits the spot and our waitress was attentive and friendly. I highly recommend it!
For those who want their dinner to be like a dream... a really bloody and surreal dream. My friends and I sat down at the Brazilian barbeque (which looks like a seedy kind of diner but has a banquet room on the other side with clouds painted on the ceiling and a lot of balloons (and a TV and recliners... so weird!), hit the salad bar, and  almost immediately after returning to our seats, had three huge skewers of different kinds of meat brought over to our table. The woman who brought them was shaped like a large blonde linebacker and barely spoke any english but LOVED the fact that we became more and more excited every time meat was brought out. She quickly picked up on the fact that we pretty much all liked our meat as rare as possible and probably by the second time she brought the meat out, our table had drops of blood all over it. I hadn't even paid attention to the fact that all the tables were covered with thick plastic sheeting. At one point, I got up to go to the bathroom, and my foot slipped on something and shot out to the side. I looked down and saw two puddles of blood next to the table! I chuckled my way to the bathroom where I found signs posted on both stalls in the ladies room... "Do not throw toilet paper in the toilets!".... Um... what?! I looked in the stalls and the toilets looked normal enough, but there were definitely little trash cans full of crumpled up toilet paper next to each one. WHAT?!?! I felt totally uncomfortable with the thoughts and questions that instantly started gushing through my brain so I just went back to the table, still having to pee. We ploughed through slab after slab of messy, drippy meat, which our server was all too happy to keep hacking off of her skewers for us. It was definitely not for the faint of heart or stomach... but I have never felt so peaceful at the same time as feeling so aggressive. It was almost a spiritual moment. I love red meat.
If you are more into the meat than a fancy experience, choose this over Fogo, at $18 per person, it's a deal. Also, try the parfait for dessert,...you will fall in love.
Oh yeah, and it's BYO.
Fellow Yelpers, you have failed me! 4 stars?! Are you SURE we're talking about the same place? Ugh, I feel cheated. 

First off, they FLAUNT the fact that "people love us on Yelp". I should have known better. The really great restaurants don't need to tell you they're great. They just are. 

Onto the review... In the same family as Fogo de Chao, Chima, na'Brasa, all of the basic elements are there: variety salad bar, huge meat skewers, and all you can eat for all of the above. Realizing that this place resides in North Philly, I can see how it would get high marks from locals. But I don't roll like that. A restaurant needs to stand on it's own, regardless of it's surroundings. Where other Brazilian steakhouses deliver, this place FAILS. The quality of meat was sub-par, the service (on a slow Friday nonetheless) was nonexistent, and the atmosphere was something of a mix between late night diner and a beef and beer benefit. 

Sorry guys, but next time I'll pony up the extra $20 per person and indulge in Fogo. At least I won't hate myself the next morning.
They have redecorated - and it really needed it. The tacky fountain that took up the entire foyer is gone and replaced with some chairs for waiting customers to sit. The floors have been replaced by a darker wood giving the place a more sophisticated look. With new matching dark wood tables in the dining area and removal of the bright yellow table cloths the face-lift gives a nice warm feel to the room. 

The salad bar has changed its options and now a few less "authentic" items. But it is still not very veggie friendly with most of the items still containing meat of some form or cheese. (Why a vegetarian would come here expecting options for them is beyond me.) The beans with the porky bits is now just just straight black beans. The addition of the mashed potatoes was a good thing though, it compliments the slabs of meat well. 

The cuts of meats you will get are random but they seem to be happy to bring you a requested cut. That said the meats seemed under-seasoned this time which was a real disappointment. But don't expect the level of service you would get at the higher end Churrasco places downtown. We were the only people in the place for an early dinner and were all but ignored by the staff who wanted to watch the Brazillian channel on the flat screen rather than wait on customers. We were never brought a check and just had to walk up to the register and wait for someone to figure out we wanted to pay before leaving. Also the prices have gone up but you will still only pay half of what you would at Fogo or Chima.
Came here for a Groupon deal.  Bad choice!

If you are thinking this is a cheaper Fogo de Chao experience, that is not gonna happen.  Save up your money and goto fogo during lunch instead.

Service: one waitress for the entire restaurant while the host plays on iphone the whole time.  only 1 rodizio person carrying different types of meat.  Because it is only one person, you have to wait a good 10-20 minutes before he will return again.  

Food: If you like rubbery, overcooked, old beef/child/pork, then this is your place.  Make sure you ask for two plates.  One for the meat and one to spit out the parts you can eat (about 50% for us).  I was surprised this restaurant can operate with such consistently awful food.  I wanted the Filet and each time the waitor said sure only to return with more rubbery chicken.

Salad bar: take your standard NJ suburban Ruby Tuesday salad bar item then age it 2 days in room air and the end result is..... Picanha Brazilian Salad Bar

Parking: make sure you bring a club when you park down the street
For years now, my sister has been raving about this place. Last Friday was my birthday, so as a belated b-day present, she took me here! I do like steak and red meat but I am more of a chicken/seafood fan. However, coming here, I got to enjoy all the red meat I wanted! Everything was flavored nicely and the sausage was outstanding (although it was pink; not RAW pink, but pink). I liked the 'salad bar,' but my sister had to explain what each dish was. I was LOVING the salsa salad and the black beans. I also had some sort of brisket-looking dish with peppers and onions. It was very good! Also I think I had some sort of a french fry type of potato. I knew it wasn't a potato, but it was prepared as such. The plantains were fantastic! When I had some rice and beans, my sister told me to put that bread-crumb type stuff ontop of it. She said it was bread crumbs, egg and bacon/'fat. Whatever it was, it was great. OH! And the collard greens were DELICIOUS! I had to ask the staff what it was! I knew it was some sort of leafy green, but I just needed to know. I mixed it with the salsa salad, rice and the beans. Great idea for take-out!


Yes, some of the meats were a bit salty, but I think it brought out the flavor. It was a pretty cool dining experience. I think I would prefer Picanha over the posh places in the city; it seems more relaxed. Next time I'll try to remember to take pics! Also, I suggest BYOB! I just drank water, but it's always nice to BYO!!
Can I just say that I'm a lover of Fogo de chao... but if I were looking for something everyday, Picanha would be my pick. I go pretty often and my boyfriend and I often opt for the option to weigh our meals instead of the buffet. To me, the meat selections are hit or miss. Sometimes we go on days where the meat is super tender and juicy... other days, it could be a bit dry. But I don't have any real complaints because even on the "bad days", Picanha still hits the spot when I'm craving meat. 

As for the choices in the salad bar, always always always try their Spanish rice or rice dish, it goes perfectly with their steak. I also love the cheesy/lasagna dish that they offer. There's this spicy sauce that you can ask for and for someone who can take a lot of spice, their sauce is top notch. 

If you're not looking for a super fancy steak restaurant but something that offers good choices for dinner or lunch, Picanha is definitely worth a try!
This place was a disaster.  I was here with a date for about two hours and during that time received about fifteen minutes worth of attention.  This normally might not be a problem at a buffet, but the meat isn't self serve.  It's brought to your table by a designated carver.  Therefore no service amounts to no food.  There's a salad bar, but that's not really why we were there.  We went over thirty minutes without service and had to ask if they were still serving people.  This prompted a single visit from the carver.  It was thirty minutes until close and that was the last we saw of him.

   Nearly all of the staff disappeared from the dining area about an hour before the restaurant closed.  A couple of employees remained and were cleaning during this time.  About twenty minutes before close a large group of people wandered in.  It seemed a bit unusual until it became apparent that they were either friends or family of the owner and/or management.  They promptly had meat in front of them.  

   At this restaurant you pay at the front counter.  This turned into yet another waiting game as all the staff seemed either absent or occupied.  After a while one of the guests that had just recently arrived was nice enough to come over.  He may or may not be employed there, but I don't recall him working that night.  After complaining about the service he left briefly to speak to the manager on duty.  He returned later with an offer of 15% off the bill.  The manager never came out to speak to us.

   This might have been the worst customer service I've ever received from a restaurant.  It's one thing to get poor service.  It's far more frustrating, in my opinion, to receive virtually no service at all.  We were ignored by the staff for the better part of an hour and this was up to and including our departure.  I don't know how typical this is, but I'm not going to pay another twenty five dollars to find out.
1 word: disappointing. I can't believe they would overcook BEEF at a brazilian steakhouse AND serve it to the customers. The only meat I wouldn't mind a second serving of was the beef short ribs though, since I have always loved them. 

The roast pork from the hot bar was really good, I think I ate enough crispy skin to make a whole other piglet. The hot bar had a lot of good food including this potato with peas and corn thing, chicken wings, and the cucumber dish that was refreshing. My Brazilian cousin liked this place when she first came to the states and even she thought the meat was overcooked today. 

Even the price is supposedly $25, with our 1 coke plus tax and tip, it turned out to be $36/person. Yea, still cheaper than Chima and Fogao, but the food quality isn't as good.
This place is a great substitute for the more expensive fogo/chima Brazilian steak house. However, its a hit or miss. I came with 3 friends on a weekend night an hr before closing time. Everyone else had came here before and had great experience, they all agreed this time was not up to par. We did the pay by weight option ($8/lb), rather then the buffet option (~$20 I believe). They do have a extensive salad bar, which is good, but I don't recommend loading up on that because its better to get your money worth by getting more meat. Take out boxes are available for pay by weight. 

I wish they had a list of available meats at the meat counter, because the waiter had to repeat everything they have to almost every single customer. Some available meats are garlic chicken, bacon wrapped chicken, garlic steak, brisket, sausage, top sirloin, etc. The waiter cut your choice to meat, weight it and give you a numbered card to keep track of your food weight. 

Perhaps it was because it was near closing time, but the service was below average and the quality could be better. My two friend both asked for medium top sirloin, one got well done, and another one got rare. The brisket was hard and chewy. However, the garlic chicken was tender, juicy, full of flavor. Also the top sirloin at fogo is seasoned better. 

For the amount of food and price, I would come back here again, not near closing time.
Walking up to this place, one might feel the urge to turn around and find a McDonalds.  Keep walking, go inside, and enjoy!  This place is great!  We went on a Friday night at 7, the place was packed.  We had our reservation and they sat us right away.  There are two dining rooms, the first one is definitely nicer than the back (which is think is mostly for larger groups).  

We had a Groupon for this place and had been looking forward to coming for weeks.  I think i read every review on this website in anticipation.  I see where some of the criticism is coming from.  But if  I've said it once I've said it a hundred times, people need to adapt there expectations.  Its not Fogo or Chima, its half the price.  I'd rather go here 2x then to one of the other places once.  The salad bar is tasty and plentiful, but the meat is the show.  It is well seasoned (aka salty and delicious).  If that's not to your liking, ask for an interior cut.  We had 4 types of steak, 2 types of chicken, and 2 type of pork.  Mmmmm. and BYOB.

Granted, the all you can eat (AYCE) here is probably never the frugal option.  By the pound is $7.99, which is a steal.  Do the math... AYCE is $25, by the pound $8.  So unless you intend on eating 3+ pounds of food, just go by the pound.  The groupon made it worth while to go AYCE on this occasion, however.  

Is this an every friday place, no no no.  Too much.  But every few months it is a lot of fun.
This update is specifically regarding the yelp special deal.  I was at the restaurant tonight and the cashier denied that there was this deal.  He asked me if I printed it out and I said no, the deal specified that all I had to do was mention it.  He then asked me what type of dessert I had ordered from the waitress and said it had to be a special one not the one I got.  I mentioned the yelp special to the waitress when initially ordering the dessert.  I ended up paying for the dessert.

Just wanted to warn people who may go anticipating getting a dessert :(.  I was sorely disappointed as I would have gladly skipped the dessert that I ended up paying for for the stuff I had at home.  If it's free, of course I'll give it a whirl and maybe find something I love to order for next time, but it definitely was not worth it if I had to pay.
Dinner here is casual, not fancy, but they have decent steak for less than the price of Fogo or other fancier steakhouses. I mostly wanted meat and ended up doing the pay by weight option and not unlimited food. The server was attentive to the drink level and came back to refill promptly and clear dishes. The top sirloin was very good. They also had a homemade chili "sauce" (more like finely ground salsa/peppers) that we requested and was amazing. I think I would go back for that hot sauce alone. I had two plates of steak with some plantains (I also love plantains and would go back just for this!!) and my bill came out to around $11.  This place was great for a girl like me who needs some steak - but can never eat enough at steakhouses to justify paying over $20!
Had a spur of the moment family dinner here the other night.  I've been meaning to try this place for a while not, but never quite felt like I was up for the huge carnivorous meal yet...having no choice I sucked it up and said oh well, here's my chance to try it.

Having my only previous Brazilian steakhouse experience at Fogo de Chao, this was definitely going to have a different feel.  The place was much smaller, and the decor wasn't as "elegant" for lack of a better word.  I didn't mind though, I kinda like the atmosphere.  I felt more relaxed and calm...especially because we weren't overwhelmed by the numerous amount of servers/runners coming to the table (Fogo).  Everyone was friendly fhere, from the hostess, the waitress, and the passador (as I believe they're called).

The salad and sides bar was pretty large and offered up some good eats.  I didn't try much, but I had this rice with some sausage/chorizo in it.  They also had fish, collard greens,. and much more.  I saved my stomach for the meat however.

The meat came out much slower here compared to Fogo, and that definitely didnt't upset me.  It was a much more comfortable pace.  They also went through everything they had before we saw repeats.

Verdict = 4 stars.  The meat overall was pretty good.  The skirt steak was pretty tender and just downright mindblowing.  Some of the other cuts were tender in some parts, and some I had to put a little more elbow grease into cutting than I had wanted.  No lamb.  I was looking forward to having some lamb that night and the waiter told me that they normally do have it, but they didn't defrost it in time or something....oh well.  We tried three desserts (surprised I had room, I controlled myself during the meat feast)  we had a small chocolate ball, slice of flan, and a piece of the "tiramisu" like dessert they had.  The small chocolate ball was ehh.  Tasted like a chocolate caramel.  The "tiramisu" was delicious as was the flan.

I'll most likely be back at some point.  It's a great experience especially when you don't have the money for a place like Fogo de Chao.  The staff was great and I found the atmosphere to be very comfortable.
Pretty good place, a much cheaper version of Nabrasa or Fogo de Chao. Food is good but the atmosphere is not as pleasant as Fogo or Nabrasa. They do buffet style meal and well as by weight. That is you do not feel like overeating, you can just load up on salads and ask for whatever meat you want and pay by weight. I do not believe Fogo or Nabrasa offer that option. BYOB
If you don't feel like spending $50 for all you can eat meat, this is the much cheaper yet slightly ghettoer version.  This isn't a chain like fogo de chao so they certainly don't have the breadth of selection that you can get there, but you can still get your meat on for a very reasonable price.  You have to walk up and get your meat though during the week and during lunch, as there are no pantalooned gauchos walking around yielding their meat sticks.  For dinner on weekends, they do come around to cut the meat fresh in front of you.  But alas, no fancy pants, just a boring uniform.  There is also the buffet salad bar, but again, the selection is limited, but still full of brazilian favorites like feijoada, which is one of my favorite foods in this entire universe.  Go for lunch, it's a great deal.
I definitely prefer this place to the more expensive Brazilian Steak houses that are starting to pop up all around.  The people are actually Brazilian and use real charcoal to give the meat a more authentic flavor.  They have a tendency to cook the meat a little more than I like but all you have to do is mention how you like it and problem solved.  

My favorite cut is the Picanha which is unavailable here in the states.  Also make sure to try the black beans which is a staple in Brazilian cuisine.

The place is BYOB and will make you Caipirinhas if you bring some cachaca and limes.  If you never had Cachaca I recommend either Leblon or 51 if you want to go a little cheaper.  Stay away from Pitu

If you're not into Alcohol they have a great selection of fresh fruit juices my favorite being the pineapple.

Only downside is if you go during odd hours is they don't have a large selection of meats to choose from but if you request something I'm sure they'll throw it on the grill for you.
We stopped by this place on a Friday night, we had a Groupon that included Rodizio for 2. The area in Philly was residential and parking wasn't hard to find. Parking after 6PM isn't metered on the main road. They don't have a parking lot, but even on a Friday around 7pm we found parking easily on the main road. I enjoyed the setting, the dining room was huge and casual. They also have a pay by the weight option for meat which is good if you're stopping in for takeout. They had the buffet over to one side that was fully stocked. But when you come to Rodizio I don't like to fill up on the sides, you're there for the meat! 

I found the meat at this place to be great. The meat was good quality and not overly salty like some other places. They cook the meat over coal not gas so I think that makes all the difference in flavor. The pace that the gauchos come around was steady there wasn't a time where we were waiting too long for more. The standouts for me were the skirt steak and garlic steak they were flavorful and tender! My boyfriend loved the garlic steak and sirloin. They also had garlic chicken which was surprisingly good. Usually I skip over the chicken and pork but I'm glad I tried it. As others have said it's hard to get a server to refill your water but ours brought us a pitcher so it wasn't a problem. 

The Groupon gets you a desert that has to be eaten at the restaurant. I got the tres leches cake which was fresh and not overly sweet. He got a chocolate brigadeiro which was delicious (we got some more to go, I preferred the coconut one). 

Overall I would definitely come back here even without the Groupon. I think the value is great given the price, and with BYOB options you're not spending a ton extra on alcohol like at some other places.
If you like Brazilian barbecue, you MUST get in your car or take a looong bus ride to this place. Every single this is delicious. You can choose to either pay by weight per plate or $21 dollars for all you can eat. I would suggest going when you want a bigger meal and just getting the all you can eat option, since paying by plate only ends up being a few dollars cheaper. It's great being able to sample a little of everything.

The skirt steak is my favorite and is absolutely amazing. There aren't any signs or descriptions on the salad bar, so you kind of just have to grab what looks good to you. That's part of the downside to the restaurant - there is little guidance on how to operate the place from the staff.

It's BYOB and the crazy amount of meat consumption goes along well with a bottle of red wine.
My wife and I went to Picanha with another couple a couple Saturday evenings ago.  The waitress/hostess was very nice.  She explained how the restaurant works: by the pound or prix fixe.  She told us is was $19.99 per person.
The four of us ordered four dinners, three sodas, three coffees and one dessert.  We did not get a check.  Instead we got a numbered tag that was supposed to match our bill at the register.
When we got to the register, the bill was about 35% higher than it should have been.  I was told the prix fixe was $24.99.  I told the person at the register what the waitress told us.  Rather rudely, she said, "She's worked here long enough.  She should know better."
Even with the adjusted meal price the bill was about 15% higher than it should have been.  The person at the register didn't have a bill to show us, an explanation or even a care about our displeasure.
The food was passable - nothing to write home about.  However, this shabby treatment ended a pleasant evening very unpleasantly.  We will never return to Picanha.  
The food's OK - the customer service absolutely sucks!!!
this place is what Fogo De Chao could only hope to aspire to one day...the meat is perfectly seasoned only with salt...and they have Chicken Hearts!!

the desserts well great and to top it off its also a BYO!
I wanted to give this place 5 stars... I really did. The night started out great. The restaurant was surprisingly empty with just one other table of customers. The waitress was great. We all got the $21.99 deal where everything is unlimited. There was a soap opera playing in the background and the staff was happily watching since there was nothing else to do. 

The food was great at first. We tried different kinds of steaks and loved the chicken wrapped in bacon. So much so that we ordered seconds. This is when everything took a turn for the worse. Our second order came out and we cut into the small portions and to our surprise, it was completely raw. Chicken is dangerous to eat raw but I guess the chef didn't know that. We told him to take a look and asked if he could bring out more. He took our portions and tore them open again saying they are bigger chunks, that's why it wasn't cooked. He looked at other pieces and claimed they were cooked. He then took one of the uncooked pieces and said he'll put it back on the fire. We would have felt more comfortable if he took the whole plate since it was all exposed to salmonella. Needless to say, we were turned off. We were scared to try other meats and the Chicken we craved never came back out. It was disappointing. 

The food was good and flavorful at the beginning and because of that, I would try this place again. I'd be more careful next time though, and maybe go earlier in the day when the food is already being cooked and available. We went for a later dinner so maybe that's why he was rushing to cook the chicken and didn't bring out more.
Well I was waiting to go to Fogo De Chao before review this place even though I have been here a few times. This really is a stripped down version of Fogo. Bare bones & basic. The quality of the meats is a lower grade and there are not as large a variety of cuts but what they do have is still good. The best bang for you buck is the dinner buffet, but they also offer a pay-per-pound option. 

Vegetarians should not come here. The "salad bar" is more of a side dish bar and it is pretty limited with most of the items still including some form of animal product. 

Also there is a bit of a language/communication issue with the staff. The area of town it is in has a growing Brazilian population so if you can speak Portuguese you will definitely have a leg up at this restaurant. 

Definitely worth a try if you are in the area and a meat eater.
I have passed this restaurant numerous times and always wondered what was inside.
It was only when I saw a restaurant.com $3 for $25 coupon that I finally decided to try it. Good thing I did, because the food was very good. The buffet is kept nice and clean, and the rodizio is delicioso. I will definitely come back.
Not wanting to pay the high prices at other local Rodizios we were tempted to give Picanha a chance... we are glad we did!

Most importantly it gave my wife, a vegetarian, an option to dine with me and not pay full price for meat she was not going to eat (this is not an option at some Brazilian BBQs)

We were seated quickly and within 5 minutes had plates in hand and were ready to dine. We went to the buffet table and made our selections. This next part is important. My wife was able to pay per pound while mine was part of the all-you-can-eat option. She gave her plate to the man working the grill and he weighed it and gave her a tag which she could use on future trips. You can also eat grill meat this way and forgo the AYCE option.

The meats were for the most part excellent. I had the occasional overdone piece (which happens in this kind of establishment) and once had a piece too undercooked for my palate but overall it was very nice. The skirt steak in particular was delicious. 

The salad bar had fresh ingredients and some nice Brazilian fare. Don't miss out on the fried yucca and plantains. 

Two slight complaints. First, drinks come in a can and a glass of ice. 'Nuff said. Second, the meat came out too quickly. This sounds weird but the pacing was off and I was eating faster than I would have liked to sample the different cuts. This was balanced by the openness of the servers to bring the cuts I requested ( I'm talking about you pork sausage)

We got out for around $40 with drinks and dessert. Well worth it for Brazilian BBQ.

Almost forgot... get the flan. It was the best flan I ever had. I made the mistake of sharing it with my wife so I only got half of the best flan I ever had. You won't regret it.
When I worked at [very large food producer in notoriously corrupt center of urban decay in southern NJ] a few years ago, my coworker, Harry P., would have our holiday lunches catered by Picanha. I loved the food, and he told me that it got better at the actual restaurant because they brought you fresh meat throughout your meal. Obviously, I vowed to eat at this magical place one day. Well, I FINALLY made it there on December 20th, 2013, and it was so good that I went back on December 30th, 2013.

The food puts Fogo and Chima to shame, especially their namesake Picanha steak. How do you say "Ay, Dios mio" in Portuguese? It sounded like he said "i just put a may-oh-nay-us" whenever we asked why it was so good, so, I bought like, a club-sized jar of Hellman's on the way home, but.. IDK. whatever. There are bacon wrapped things and beef and chicken and pork and... *sigh*

The price puts you to shame for ever paying Fogo & Chima prices. We could not even think about attempting dessert, but the buffet (with rodizio service, of course) was less than $25 apiece.

They just keep coming and coming and coming and when they see you slowing down because your belly is about to explode, they start telling you what else they have to see if you want anything specific. It's awesome.

Bonus #1: BYOB.

Bonus #2: Family-friendly.

I find myself happy that it's not crazy packed, like I have it all to myself, and equally upset that it's not crazy packed, because I never want them to go away.
went on xmas eve.
bloody rice cause they gimme my steak just like i like it. one step from mooing. 

there were two dbags behind me talking about bumpin uglies with hookers. It was more entertaining than the Portuguese soap opera on TV.

I splurged and got flan and pineapple cake to take home. Good god, delicious stuff and the hot daddy who served it up wasn't bad either. as my husband said "He's a good lookin cat" lol.
This is the real deal. I went with a large group of friends, brought our own alcohol and enjoyed so many different meats and salads from the salad bar, I'm surprised I didn't have to get rolled out of there. 

I only paid around $20-25 and ate endless food. I can't imagine you getting that much meat for that low of a price at fogo or chima. 

I'm sure fogo and chima are a bit more fancy but I felt completely comfortable at picanha. 

Amazing, amazing, amazing. I can't wait to go back again.
I've never gone to Fogo de Chao, but Picanha is so good that I don't think I ever will. All of the available meats (beef, pork, fish, sausages, chicken wrapped in bacon, even chicken hearts) are juicy, cooked to perfection and bursting with flavor. With its charred, salt-crusty exterior the beef is particularly magnificent, just be sure to ask for a rare cut or they'll probably give it to you well done.

Don't let the fact that they have a salad bar fool you: this is definitely not a place for vegetarians. At least half the side options will have some variety of pork part hidden in them. Beans w/ pig parts. Potato salad w/ pig parts. Some magical ground up condiment to be sprinkled on beans & rice and such... with pig parts. The Brazilians understand a fundamental fact of life: there are few dishes that won't benefit from the addition of pig parts.

I've never done the all-you-can-eat option because the pay-what-it-weighs option is such a great deal. As soon as you're seated you can walk up, get what you want and the delightful gentleman manning the meat parlor will weigh your plate and give you a number for next time. I'm far from a shy eater and can stuff myself silly with beefy goodness for less than $12. I dare you to find that anywhere else in the city.

Tip: With the pay-what-it-weighs option, you are charged a cheaper rate for a mixed plate of meat & sides than you are for a plate of pure meat. If you decide you just can't live without one more sausage, throwing a bit of salad on your plate will save you some $.

For dessert, I recommend the mousse. The passion fruit is strong and possibly an acquired taste, but absolutely amazing in my opinion.
This place kicks Fogo De chaos ass. Amazing charcoal grilled meats. interesting salad bar. awesome rice and beans. it's BYO.

You can do the all you can eat or do it by the pound (i recommend by the pound after the first time, it's really inexpensive)
yummy fruit juices. good service.
football always on TV. Ambience is a little strange but I don't care about things like that. I am there to EAT MEAT.
My home for Brazilian steaks! Forget about  Fogo de chao, this is where you go to eat. Center city steak houses will take your money and leave you unsatisfied. Here, you get your money's worth. The place recently renovated and is looking pretty nice. They may not be as fancy as Fogo or Chima but you feel very welcome and homey here. Our server Steffani was a sweet heart. She smiled the whole and made us feel very good dining here. The hot buffet is terrific, ranging from braised meat to lasagna and homemade salad. Unlike Fogo, they actually bring us meat during our meal. My favorite is the sirloin, beautifully seasoned and crusted. The fat crisp up and flavors the meat like chunks of bacon. Their beef ribs were equally impressive. Nicely grilled crust and juicy, beefy meat. Everything else from sausages to pork ribs were amazing. The only complain I have is the chicken, which can be dry. In any case, this is still one of the best Brazilian steak houses in Philly. Don't leave without trying their passion fruit pudding, it's very delicious!
Went here on the groupon deal last night ($25 for all you can eat for 2 people). I'm glad we had the groupon, because otherwise, I don't think I would have been happy with what I paid. 

The good: 
- Salad bar had some delicious options. Beans and rice, plantains, and some potato dish with ham and cheese were all awesome. Nothing was labeled, so that was kind of fun, but the stuff was good. 

- Some of the meats were delicious. Beef with garlic, brisket, and top sirloin were all great. 

The not-so-good: 

- Service was iffy. They had one rodizo who was taking his time coming around with the meat. Our drink glasses were empty 1/2 of the way through the meal and not refilled. Our server actually sat down to eat while we were eating as well and no one else picked up the slack. There were not many people in the restaurant and some of them had a waitress coming to check on them, but not us. 

- Some of the meats were really fatty and charred burnt. Not delicious inside or out. 

- The dessert was only OK. We had what they described as a tiramisu without coffee and it mostly tasted like coolwhip and Hershey's chocolate sauce. 

We live out in the western suburbs and it was a bit of a haul for us to get here. I don't think we'll be making the trip back out anytime soon. If you have the money, (or it's restaurant week) you should head to Chima instead. More meats that are better cooked, better service, and a great salad bar.
This place is a Brazilian BBQ, very similar to Fogo De Chao, but more casual and authentic.  It's a BYO, so bring your own.  There is a small but excellent salad bar and they come to your table and serve various cuts of meat.  The salad bar was excellent.  I don't know what I was eating, but it was all good.  There was a lasagna type dish with chicken, cheese, corn, etc that was awesome.  Various rolls, one had meat inside.  There were mashed potatoes that I think had ham in it.  Anyway, just come with a sense of adventure and try everything.  One complaint is that not all the cuts of meat were great.  Some were tougher and fattier then others, but the meat was still very tasty.  The service of the meats was a bit slower.  I think there was only one server that came around the whole restaurant, so expect a laid back relaxed meal.  The meat may not be as great and the service may be a little slower then Fogo De Chao, but it's a lot cheaper.
Have been going to Picanha's for over 3 years now and it is one of my favorite restaurants in NE Philly.

What most people dont realize is that you can eat by the pound instead of table service.  My roommate and I usually eat this way and it averages about $25 for BOTH of us.

The have a great table set up with cold fruits and salads and then special hot foods on top of the fire pit foods.  LOVE the skirt steak (although not always available) the top sirloin, sausage, and the roast beef.  The Garlic steak is touch and go.  Sometimes it is dead on others it is dry or stringy.  It is the only food I feel I am taking a chance with.

The staff is very friendly and it's BYOB.
Good meat, good service, mysterious salad bar, tacky ambiance.

I agree with what most everyone else has said-I wish their salad bar had some signs on it.  Almost everything from it was good, but still, I wish I knew what I was eating.

The meat was great.  Pretty much the standard fare you get at any other Brazilian steakhouse, with a few random additions (chicken hearts?  nah I'm good!)

Service was great.  Alex the meat man, as I affectionately call him, has a great sense of humor & is just a nice guy.  He is knowledgeable about what he is carving up as well.

The ambiance is a bit strange.  Definitely a departure from the Chimas and Fogos of the world.  But it is cheaper than the Chimas and Fogos of the world, so I will deal with the soccer trophies and inexplicable parrots.
You get what you pay for...literally. They have 2 dining options. All you can eat for $25 or pay per weight. The meat was over  cooked, dry, and not that well seasoned. Salad bar and side dishes are not even worth mentioning. As for the atmosphere...if you were going for the laid back, local restaurant feel where soccer is being broadcasted on the big screen TV and where 95% of the people seem to be native Brazilians (and know one another), then yeah, I would give them 4 stars for that. Otherwise, save your money and head over to Chima or Fogo's instead.
Good place for larger groups, and an excellent place where it is ok to be a little loud. Made a reservation for 6 folks on a Saturday night and the restaurant was crowded but not ridiculously so. We went with the all you can eat $25 per person option, we also brought a bunch of wine to go with the meal, I would bring some good drinkable red wines, or some beer to go with.

We started by going to te buffett which had various fruits, salads, and grain dishes. I think labels woul be helpful I took a dish that looked like potato salad but there was fish in it, a surprise I was not into. The collard greens, yuca, plantains, and rice and beans were all good additons to the meal. The meats were good, I mostly ate various typesof delicious steak, they also had chicken hearts which I was not brave aenough to try. 

We finished the meal with some pineapple and watermelon from the salad bar which was refreshing after the meat orgy.
I really do dislike writing bad reviews; reading and writing them make me feel uncomfortable. But honestly, this place is kind of a joke. 

The restaurant is in a not great area, the service was almost terrible, and the food was good enough to give it barely a second star. There are no menus, and the server took forever to come over, once figuring out we had no clue what to do. It's basically buffet style salad bar, ordering a drink from your server and occasionally getting refills, and a dude bringing out lots of meat on a skewer. The salad bar was almost useless. The actual salad was pretty fresh, and I liked some pico de gallo deal, but the rest were lackluster, ambiguous looking warmer dishes. The grilled meat is the only redemption, being pretty tasty 80% of the time. It was always hot and juicy too, which was nice. Not nice was that it was 100% too salty for me., and since we came on a slow night, the food came around way slow as well. 

I used a restaurant.com GC, which basically was a buy one entree get a free one, and it still wasn't worth the price. Can't even fathom paying full price. Maybe we went on a bad night, but it was just all around so weird and so sketchy, and not delicious enough to overcome these things. Can't afford a similar but more expensive restaurant? Seriously, save up like one more month. Trust me, it'll be worth it.
A Brazilian BBQ, casual, seats large parties well. You can choose to do either the all-you-can-eat or by-pound. I did the by pound, and my dinner meal came out to about $8. If I was hungrier I definitely could have eaten more.

They have excellent cuts of meat, wide variety, and well seasoned (although occasionally a little too salty). Yes, there's a buffet bar too, but this IS Brazilian BBQ - the only thing getting onto your plate should be meat :) Verdict - tasty, would come back if it wasn't so darn far away!
Well, Yelpers, I have been here twice.  Once with a friend on the fly, and the second time as a group for my b-day.  So that says something about the food.  Some of the other stuff, well, if it was great it would have made one more star.  But the confusion on the part of waitress-ing and billing is why I'm only saying A-ok.

Let me give it to you in 2 main parts: positive & negative.  

- Negatives:
     * the waitress/waiter we had both times essentially "disappeared" while we were there.  Ugh, I needed water and wine glasses the 2nd time I went and it was just a long wait for a simple request.
     * because the waiter disappears, the service has been inconsistent.
      * the prices are unclear.  I'm under the impression (still!) that it is $24.99 for the all you can eat.  They need a pricing menu badly.
     * when you go to pay w your ticket, they assume too much.  i would like to see them give me a itemized bill, because when we went as a group, it was chaotic for  them to split and pay it. 


-Positives:
      * it's a casual and relaxed atmosphere.  gotta love that when you are kicking back with a bottle of wine chatting it up with your peeps
     * it is really good food.  no, not fancy or endless selection, but the buffet has a lil bit of everything as far as sides and salads to compliment your meat selections (I loved the black beans, the greens, the tomato salsa salad thingy,and the sweet plantains, oh, and the roast pork was really good too).
     *** MEAT. it's the primary reason to go.  I've tasted all of them by now and i'd have to say the bacon wrapped chicken, the roast beef, sausage, and the whatever kind of steak they bring is yummy, well-seasoned (although maybe a tad on the salty side for me), and plentiful.  
     * The desserts (not included w all u can eat, so idk if that a + or - ) are to die for.  I've enjoyed the flan tremendously for two days (b/c the portions is large!) and the tres leches was tasty.
     * free parking after 6 pm 

Hmmm, the+'s slighly outweigh the -'s, so suffice to say that when looking for a Brazilian Steak House, Picanha is a nice alternative with a friendly-enough atmosphere compared to the pricey-ness of Fogo or Chimas.

I would recommend small groups, but maybe by the 3rd glass of BYOB you won't mind it as much ...
I wouldn't recommend this restaurant to anyone. As an actual Brazilian, their food was not worth $25 (come to think of it, maybe that's why it was lower than everywhere else). The buffet was sitting out all day and they made no effort to replace the stale food. And their meat, which was suppose to be their speciality, was poorly prepared. Only two bright points about the place: the dessert was not bad and the girl that served us was pretty cute.
Terrible in all regards. How does this place have the same number of stars as Chima? Who goes here on a regular basis and spends $25+ per person for this rubbish? Some people must, because this place was pretty packed. Granted, the clientele was mostly Brazilian. Maybe there's some sort of Brazilian discount I don't know about?

Service was friendly enough, but terrible. Bad service I can usually deal with, but at a rodizio, bad service is equivalent to no food. The waitress was mostly MIA, so it was impossible to get our water glasses filled, and the meat was scarce. One guy would come around maybe every 10-15 minutes or so, and it was chicken more often than not. We were offered picanha (the top sirloin) precisely once, at the very beginning. Maybe it was because we were seated in the very corner. Maybe it was because they didn't give us a stand for the "feed me" tag and instead just put it flat on the table. Maybe it was because we told them we had a Groupon. The service in general was super disorganized and we spent most of the meal waiting... waiting for water, waiting for more meat to come around. At one point it stopped coming completely. We sat for literally about half an hour (granted we weren't really hungry anymore by then, not so much because we were full but because we had been sitting there so long), and not a single dude came by with meat. Oddly enough, the waitress did start coming by right around then, asking if we needed anything else. Maybe we should have told her "more steak".

The food itself was mediocre. The buffet was meh. The meat (what little we were offered) was mostly overcooked and meh. Who cooks filet mignon well done? What a waste. 

I was not happy with this place at all, even with (or maybe because of) a Groupon. Casa Brazil around the corner is cheaper and tons better. True, you have to get up for your meat, but at least you have the option of getting more meat.
very nice byo cozy family feel restaurant. we prefer the non-buffet style course (pay by weight) which is weird coming from me cause i was raised in buffets. birthday = buffet, graduation = buffet, friday evening hunger = buffet. i like having options that mostly contain meat :) the food that comes around is kinda slow if you're going with all you can eat and you'll get hungry watching other people at your table eat the food they bring back from the grill or maybe it was an off day? the steaks and garlic chicken are the winners here the last two times we've come. ooh don't forget to try the heart if there is any ready at the grill and the super buttery mashed potatoes from the food bar. everything else is average but definitely hits the spot coming from a true meat lover :) the mango smoothie thing is also really good. fogo de chao definitely has higher quality brazilian grill cuisine but at a corresponding steep price
So they have done renovations again. This time they opened up the private dining area taking out the dividing wall so it now a much larger single seating area. They also removed the drop ceilings and opened it up completed to the upper beams. This coupled with the removal of walls and hard wood tables & floors you have a serious echo issue now. All the sounds of everyone talking and eating bounce around and create a cacophony of sound. Saying it is loud now is kind of an understatement. Also they picked a slate grey for the walls and a darker grey contrast walls. This makes the room look bigger but also makes it feel cold and industrial. The major issue is lighting. The dark walls suck up the light and it is really dank feeling now. There is not enough light over the buffet. I really hope they add some lighting and wall coverings to help with the light and sound issue. 

On the food end it is still very good if not a little better. Their sausage is more like a kielbasa and was very tasty. I think they have added some cuts of meat like flank steak. There are some good additions to the salad bar/buffet as well. The chicken pot pie is tasty and the beef lasagna is made with only a bechamel sauce so it was pretty cheesy & tasty.
Picanha doesn't need another good review.  I just want to relive the meals. Yes, that good.  The Ukranian talked the work compadres and me into all you can eat/or by the pound meat a few months ago, and I was smitten.  Can you have a crush on a restaurant.  My heart flutters.  I followed the Ukranian's lead (to be fair, he was born in Brazil and has a smokin hot Brazilian wife) and had the steak sliced off the skewer with a delectable ribbon of fat on the outside; lamb; chicken wrapped in bacon, marinated chicken hearts, rice and beans, don't forget the manioc.  
We liked Picanha so much that the work team had a dinner there with spouses and lots of wine (byob, another plus).  Try the Guarana, a soda not unlike ginger ale, but better. Love the passionfruit custard, too. Service on a Saturday night was wonderful and we loved the energy.  This is a great family place.
Saw the Groupon and decent Yelp reviews so we had to grab it and go. Let's start by saying that I have not been any of the other Brazilian BBQ joints around the city so I cannot compare this place against them. 

Grabbed a bottle of Rioja (byob N'uff said)and my wife and I were off. From outside this place looks like an outdated Northeast diner. Inside I thought was homey and rustic. We were quickly seated on time with our reservation. Our server sort of directed us to the salad bar and opened our wine. The salad bar was extensive but nothing was marked and we knew what some things were could have used some signage as I know we probably missed some excellent Brazilian side but didn't know what it was. We didn't want to load up here, we were here for MEAT! 

And the the guys with the meat stopped by. From steak to  sausage, gizzards, chicken, it was an  orgy of meat. Although I would say the  bbq was good we didn;t think they were great cuts and were somewhat fatty. We finished with a passion fruit cake that was sweet and sour and delish and the coffee was weak. Overall if I would say its good, I know that this  place could really be  great. Not saying I would not  return so..........
The buffet was good. Had some of the mac and cheese, heart of palm salad, and fried plantains. Got the all you can eat. Was kind of surprised how expensive it was, even though it wasn't that expensive. The sirloin and brisket were my favorite. The garlic steak was also very good. The chicken was good too, but I feel like you get more of your money's worth by not eating chicken.

Did notice some attitude from out meat slicer. Like when he asked us how we each like our meat cooked, and yeah we were all over the map. Sorry to inconvenience you with our personal preferences. Later he chastised me for turning the card saying no more meat not all the way around. So sorry you had to walk to my table and then back to your stand without delivering any meat. It's strange to see someone in this kind of role with such an ego. Slice me my meat and GTFO. 

Yeah I'll probably be back with friends and stuff. It's totally a place I would return to with friends if they suggested it, but I probably won't suggest it. I definitely won't go with the wife if it's just us.
"Home-style" and "rodizio" are words rarely found in the same sentence, but Picanha offers honest, down-home cooking without the pretense (and at half the price) of some of the better-known Brazilian steakhouses in town. The buffet features fresh vegetables (the collard greens are spectacular), salads, and traditional meat accompaniments such as farofa. The meats themselves are redolent with garlic and have a perfect char on the outside. The top sirloin was served a juicy medium-rare with an addictively crisp layer of fat, and the garlic chicken was tender and deeply seasoned. Make sure to save room for a slice of velvety chocolate custard ring.
I really like this restaurant but if you expect something like Chima or Fogo you are going to be disapointed. I really think Picanha is a very good option when you love meat but you can't afford to go to Chima so often. The best option is by the weight. You can get so full for 12 bucks! Their salad bar is alright but I go there for the meat! I recommed to load your plate instead of going twice because they weigh the plate every time. 
Try to leave room for the dessert. The desserts are all great!
And the best part: it's BYOB!
I little slice of Fogo De Chao without a large chunk from your wallet.  We loved it!  I would guess this is a more 'authentic' brazillian steakhouse.  The meat is cooked right there for you to see, after you have piled your plate with great salads and such.  Be careful though, it is not all you can eat for one price, it is by weight.  The meats probably have fishing weights in them (i kid i kid.)  No, they're just more dense, rightly so.  If you are jonesin' for lots of grilled meat at a great price, this is an excellent choice.  It is self-serve buffet style, so don't expect Fogo De Chao or Chima service.
We love this place the meats are cooked to perfection and they are well seasoned the only thing is I wish they label their buffet .
Mehhhhhh. I had high hopes for this place and sadly, it didn't deliver. The meat was overcooked and dry, which was the main reason I was so disappointed. The buffet bar towards the back wall was great; it had a nice salad selection, carbs (cheese and potatoes, wee), and an AMAZING roast pig that was so juicy, succulent, and definitely not the healthiest thing for you.

Too bad the meat wasn't as good as the pig. The guy serving the meat was a tad rude, pushing apart my husband and me so he could squeeze in between us. Okay, there are TWO empty seats in front of us (we were in a group), and you couldn't go around? His knife got way too close to my face for comfort. Obviously these guys don't care about safety.

Sad that this place was so disappointing, because the meat was seasoned well and would have been so good if it wasn't overcooked.
Very authentic Brazilian food.
My husbans came from Brazil, and he loves it.
Very affordable price for very good food.
Not a luxurious restaurant like a fancier Brazilian steak house, but it is very good value for the money.
As I read through some of the recent reviews, which were negative, I have to say I'm surprised.  While Picanha Grill is certainly no Fogo De Chao, I wasn't really expecting this when I ate there last night. After all, the price for an all you can eat meal was $22 vs. Fogo's  $49. Yes the cut of meats weren't as delicious as Fogo's  but they did have some decent meats and an acceptable variety. Picanha's  salad grill wasn't amazing, but it did have some selections which I really enjoyed. I mean, can you even go to the Olive Garden and eat and appetizer and pasta for $22? Yes the meats don't come out as fast as Fogo's, but I sat there until I was stuffed, and I never felt rushed out. By the way...did I mention that this place is a BYOB?

I saw some reviews on other sites that say this place isn't authentic. First of all, how authentic do you expect it to be sitting on Castor Ave. in North East Philly? The authenticity of the place is that it is run by Brazilains and frequented by local Brazilians looking for a bite to eat.  For me, it was a very nice getaway from all of the other chain restaurant which I usually get stuck eating at.
We arrived at 6:30 and were the first dinner customers.  The buffet bar had just been replenished and looked delicious. We decided to get the rodizio and were quickly seated and literally greeted by a server with two swords of chicken and sausage not 2 minutes after returning from the buffet bar armed with plates of salad and sides.  Fantastic!  Let the protein-fest begin!  

The chicken was very juicy and wonderfully seasoned; not at all dry and very tasty. The sausage was flavorful and good but nothing made it stand out. Now the skirt steak was quite possibly the mst flavorful meat of the night but it was a little on the tough side; I kinda wish that t ad been more rare. The picanha was tasty and moderately tender and the alcatra was very nicely seasoned if a little on the sinewy side. The ancho was served in slices that the server allowed me to pull off the sword. Yum...who doesn't love an endless feast of beef?  We finished off with the bacon-wrapped chicken, which was very succulent for a lean breast, and delicious when paired with the smoky bacon. Overall, decent meats and spectacular service. Seriously the man serving the meats was the friendliest waiter ever; he always had a smile and gave us very generous first seconds of every kind of meat. You can't beat that.

The sides were very good. If this place were closer to me, I would literally come here everyday and get the salad bar for lunch. The roast pork was spectacular, as were the salads. The fruit plate looked beautiful and was filled with kiwi, pineapple, and melons - all of which were sweet. It was so sad when I realized that I was way too full of meat to indulge in the full glory of the salad bar. Another day, for sure.

If you love meat, this is a must-try. It's basically your mom and pop version of Fogo for a price that doesn't require a company expense account and with much better service.

Plus get a restaurant.com certificate for a discount!
First Impression was not what you think. Located in North East Philly we drove  right by the sign. Once inside you know you are some where special.  We had party of ten people and they made us feel at home. Make sure to bring  your own lime s and Brazialain rum, the staff will prepare your cocktails for you.

The food was exceptional. All the meat was cooked perfectly and the slection of hot sauces makes the  meal even more enjoyable. The salad bar had enough traditiona brazaillian  food to make sampling a lot of fun. Unlike the more expensive steak houses down town this palce gives you great food, a lot of fun, and it is priced right.

The desrets were awesome too!!!
The meat was great but the buffet was terrible. I went in the evening so god knows how long the food was sitting there, by the taste of it maybe the day before. The waitresses were nice enough although no one bothered to explain how the rodizio was served so it kept coming (which wasn't necessarily a bad thing. I would have gave this place 3 stars for the rodizio, decor and dessert- the tres leche cake was awesome, but what the icing on the cake was the fact that they charged me full price for my son when I was told when I called ahead that I children under 10 ate free but that was a lie. Before I received  the check I heard the owner ( I presume) tell the waitress in Spanish something about the children being 5 years old. I understand very little Spanish but I knew he was talking about us. When I received the check the waitress apologized (for lying) and I paid half price for my son. I won't be going back I would rather spend the extra money on Chima's of Fogo next time.
Not a good replacement for Fogo. When we first entered the restaurant, we weren't greeted by the hostess and we had no idea how anything worked. I asked for help from the hostess and she proceeded to get sidetracked by another waiter, then played on her phone for a while before finally explaining to us that someone would explain after we sat ourselves. 

Our waitress eventually came and explained how things worked. Basically they have two options: AYCE or by-the-pound. By the pound makes more sense if you think you're gonna eat less than ~3.4 pounds btw. I got AYCE. 

The hot foods/salad bar was appropriate for the price point. I'm a big fan of pao de queijo, the cheese bread that you find at most rodizios. Theirs was dry, and left empty for 30 minutes before someone replaced. 

Their meat servers for AYCE took this place from a 2-Star down to a bonafide 1-Star. They consistently gave too much portions to every table mine included. This also would lead to them running out of a type of meat within a couple of tables while the rest of us were left wanting. Finally, the quality of the meat you get is wildly inconsistent. Here are pictures of blue/raw and burnt while I asked for a medium/medium rare.
I have been to Pichana several times and have never been disappointed. The buffet has many options and the meats are always fresh & flavorful. The staff is super friendly and attentive to their customers. 

The only reason why I give Pichana 4 stars is because they do not always give you the degree of doneness that you ask for. 

If you love meat, I highly recommend this spot. The atmosphere is great -- spacious with a rustic feel. Their special hot sauce is also worth trying (if you can handle the heat.) You cannot beat the price point considering what you get.
My aunt who is vegetarian, recommended this place! She lives in west philly and came all the way to the northeast to meet us for dinner. I have tried fogo, Chima and Nabrasa and I would highly recommend this place. Prices are very reasonable. I believe the all you can eat is $31.99 on the weekend per person. Or as others have said you can pay by pound which none of the other Brazilian steakhouses offer. Restaurant does seem to be newly remodeled and has a nice contemporary look but still stuffy or pretentious. Servers are very friendly but English is definitely not their forte. They tried though and it worked out. 

We opted for the per pound because I didn't want to roll myself out so they do not come to the tables with the meats when you choose that option. You instead are all self service including the salad bar and you go to the meat carving station and tell them which cuts you want. Salad bar was much smaller than other restaurants but had a nice variety of options and they tasted good! Meats were well seasoned, may be a little salty for some palates so if you want less salt def do ask for an inside piece and not the first cut. We tried a little of everything, the top sirloin was my favorite cut. 

And thank you fellow yelpers for the tip on bringing your own rum. I did and the restaurant did make a pitcher of capirinha with it  only thing it was a little too sweet would ask for less sweet next time. I only brought the rum, they supplied everything else to make the drink. 

4 people who left full, With coffee, tea and sodas (not included with your meal) and one dessert (flan, delicious!) was about $80. Not bad at all! Will definitely be back. 

Helpful tip for the restaurant, please label the sides at the salad bar. Most of the time I wasn't sure what I was eating exactly and asking the waitstaff to explain was hit or miss. Other than that great job!
In short, half the cost and half the quality of the center city churrascarias like Chima and Fogo.  Both of my visits were roughly the same experience.

Great buffet, lots of choices, and fresh fruits and veggies. Best part of the meal.

Poor quality meats, usually severely overcooked, distributed very slowly. Worst part of the meal, and unfortunately what you are paying for. And you'll wait 30 mins into your meal before the good cuts of beef come out of the kitchen, so don't fill up on sausage and chicken. 

Also make clear to your rodizio server that you want RARE meats. Point to the part you want, don't take his suggestion. Otherwise, you're going to get carvings of shoe leather that are dry and tough. Other reviewers complained the chicken was underdone, but my experience was everything had been on the fire for 10 minutes too long.

You get what you pay for, and this is "cheap" (at $30/head).
We've been here twice and the service has definitely gone down hill. There was only a rotation of 3 cuts of meat. All of which were way raw. I ordered the "all you can eat" and did not eat nearly all I could. They brought out chicken that was cold and uncooked. People were friendly. Food was ok. Not pleased.
This is probably my favorite Brazilian steakhouse I've been. The meats are so fresh off the grill and Smokey delicious. The buffet style sides are a variety that is complimentary. You can pay one price for all you can eat about $30 or you can pay by the weight you eat and I typically eat 2 pounds that rounds up to about $20. Definitely try the sausage and the garlic steak! Those are my favorite! Don't make the mistake I made the first time I came! I filled up on the salad bar instead of the meat, such an American mistake haha! You go there for the meat so eat more meat !!
Picanha has been making improvements over the the last few years. They went from basic little dicey restaurant to now this now cool nice looking restaurant with character. The prices are creeping up too! Hopefully they don't price themselves out of my household or we may not return. They have expanded theirs salad bar with more options. They have this practice of putting the containers/bowls on the counter in front of the bar which means people are able to talk and reach over the items and that is too much access for bodily fluids to fall in or spray the food. I do not select from those bowls. 

On the other hand, those meats: sirloin, filet mignon, short ribs, bacon wrapped chicken, garlic wrapped, Brazilian sausage and sometimes pork spareribs all grilled. The meats are so yummy! If you do not eat meats they have a few side items like grilled eggplant, Caesar salad, other salads, black beans, pink beans, white rice, sweet plantains, fried bananas, watermelon seasonally and more. 

For those who like a little stinky drink you may byob.
Amazing! The meats, sides, and drinks were all amazing. Def a hidden gem in NE Philly.
First off, I am totally biased. But unlike the twit (you can find her) who doesn't eat meat or dairy and goes to a Churrascaria, I am a meatatarian.
This restaurant kicked some serious booty. They weren't too busy and the food was great. I had 9 kinds of meat and enough food to fill me up. We didn't mind the lack of alcohol because they served Guarana Antarctica (nectar of the Gods). All in all, there is no way I am setting foot in Fogo de Chao ever again. This place is less snooty, less expensive and far more friendly.
The neighborhood is fine, as long as you aren't from some glass bubble where all the seats in restaurants are velvet.
The workers are fantastic and the TV is set on Globo. What else could you ask for?
Oh yeah, my husband and I ate and drank and ended up paying less than 25 bucks. Now that's all I can ask for.
I actually pretty blown away with Picanha. I'm not totally sure what I was expecting before going in, as I (whether fairly or not) judge EVERY Brazilian steakhouse to the holy grail of Brazilian steakhouses, Fogo De Chao. So, before entering, I couldn't entirely wrap my head around how they were going to provide me with all I can eat meat at this small, corner eatery. We entered into this small, but clean and inviting dining room, where I quickly learned that your plate is weighed. (ahhhhh...makes sense!) You line up to go to the "meat window," where the meat is sliced from the skewer directly onto your plate. How they get you is, they make you walk past the salad bar/buffet on your way, to try and get you to use up your precious ounces. (Pro tip, stick to the meat. Pick ONE side, plus some friend plantains, and put your steak blinders on. Although everything I had from the salad bar was tasty, this is a Brazilian STEAK house, so get your moneys worth). The meat was EXCELLENT! Although it didn't quite reach Fogo levels, I would totally put in on par with say, Nabrasa. I would DEFINITELY come here before I went to Rodizio Grill, for example. (if you can't tell, I've been to every friggin Brazilian steak establishment east of the Mississippi.) Lunch prices are something like $8.50 a pound, so if you're smart with your real estate, you can get a belly full of meat for an excellent price. I fell victim to the salad bar trap while waiting in our long line for the meats, but I will be better prepared for my next trip. Fool me twice....

The knocks on Picanha are, 1) the weighing/payment system. You get your plate and put it on the scale, and you are then given a card with a number. You have to hold on to that number and turn it in at the end to find out how much you owe. I had no idea how much my meal was while eating it, and they ask you for drinks AFTER you get your number, and when everyone ordered a drink, they didn't ask for anyones number to know whom to charge what to. It was all very clandestine. 2) This knock may be just personal, and also strangely hypocritical, seeing as how I'm here to eat copious amounts of meat, but the decor is a little jarring. Over the salad bar, mounted on the wall, are 4 HUMONGOUS bull/cow/whatever other animals they serve there heads, just silently admonishing you for feasting on their flesh. I'm one of those people that doesn't really like to see my food in its pre-my-food conditions, and seeing the heads actually made me feel bad about eating there. I know, I know.....get over it, its a steak house, but I know they don't hug the animals to death before serving them, so its a bit off putting. 

Still, I'll definitely be back, and will avert my eyes. Totally recommend it if you want some good Brazilian but don't have the time or the scratch to make it to Center City to bang with Fogos.
Delish meats; the passionfruit mousse is to die for! As are the chicken livers, the garlic covered meats, and of course, the picanha!
It is an old dinner that was taken over by Brazilians. The dcor is from the early 70s and could stand to be wiped down. The waitress was great but then her shift was over and we were left to fend for our own. I was temped to walk out. The lady at the register was spending more time playing with a baby than taking care of business. Black beans and white rice were amazing and the meat was wonderful. The greens were under cooked and the plantains were dry. When getting plates and utensils I had to pull out a few forks before I found a clean one. When my drink came out the glass had tones of fingerprints. I was able to clean my utensil and settled for water. Once is enough for me. They need to literally clean up their act and they would be amazing.
How could I forget this place! The food is authentic. Meat, meat and more meat.. BYOB! Went here with 2 chefs, 1 cook and 2 foodies. The bill was not bad considering. Hot peppers sauce collection one of the best around. Meat on a stick even better.
Good local meat shack when  you're in the mood. I first came here about 7-8 years ago, but I'd stopped eating meat, so this place was off my radar. Having just gone to Fogo De Chao last week, I really was yearning some steak. We came 40 minutes before closing, so we opted for the buffet $ 8.50. Great selection and I didn't want for vegetables, I had my plate filled. Then, we get to the grill and I wanted sirloin. I guess you get what you get this time of night. Everything was well done +. He didn't even bother to ask how I wanted it. My husband liked it, I brought my most of my meat home to our dogs.  I'm definitely going to give them another try during the early evening to see if I can get my meat the way I like it. I would have given it fewer stars, but this place used to be my go to before I became vegetarian, so the fond memories are what saved it. 

They updated it place a bit. It's much better than before. The service was good for this time of night.  One thing I didn't appreciate was that they used the sub total and tax to calculate the tip that was printed on the bottom of the receipt. You do not EAT the tax, you don't get a tip on the tax.
Affordable brazilian steak house with friendly service. They have a good salad bar. The meat can sometimes be served a bit overcooked, but I have had great cuts served medium to mid-well. They have a good selection of natural juices. I enjoy very much their desserts, especially the flan, is really tasty. Good for groups.
Wonderful Brazilian grill that's as good as the Center City variants at a more affordable price.
I gotta admit that the Rodizio isn't normally my thing.
While the IDEA of eating huge variety of meat sounds awesome, I find that normally I don't eat anything BUT meat and end up stuffed to the gills and feeling like death - my own fault of course!
However I was very very happy to find that in addition to every type of meat under the rainbow, there was also an excellent buffet/salad bar that had a wide variety of excellent additions to the meat including different types and styles of beans, rice, and salad mixtures.

If you can get past the paper napkins, bent forks, plastic beverage cups, then put this place on your go-to list next time you are near Philly.
Meat on swords!! The idea never gets old for me, and eating until I'm full to capacity is my favorite pastime. Clearly a Brazilian Steakhouse is a little slice of heaven for me.

Except...well, the problem with most meat-on-swords estalishments is that they go so overboard with aesthetic--loud music, waiters in crazy pants, massive overflowing salad bar with larger than life asparagus--that the experience is overwhelming and I can't just sit and enjoy my meal. Picahana totally fixes the problem.

The restaurant looks like the neighborhood Italian place that you'd take your entire family. It's not pretty, but it's clean and you really could bring 20 of your closest friends and a few cases of beer. The meat is delicious and I kept agreeing to new cuts of meat even after I was stuffed, it's that good.

It comes down to the facts: the meat is great, the service is good, you can bring everyone you know, and it's surprisingly inexpensive.
I loved this place first time I went which was around 4pm. however then I came back at night time and was way too packed and waitress took long time to delive meat to us, and sometime I had to wait too long. they do allow you to bring alcohol from outside. their juices are good, I had a passion fruit juice and was good.
I came back after lunch time and was again nice place since you have all kitchen for you... Loved it.
Fabulous food at reasonable prices for an establishment of this kind. There is no atmosphere when compared to the more expensive chains on Center City, but the food and prices more than compensate. We left STUFFED after the all-you-can-eat buffet.
Had Brazilian steakhouse for the first time in Philly with a group of friends, the meats here are good.  I forgot what kind of beef it was that was served the first time but it was extremely covered with fat, very disgusting-- don't get that.  The sides at the buffet bar were ok, the thing I didn't like is that they did not name the foods, so I had no idea what I was getting.  The salad didn't look too fresh so I skipped out on that.

The service wasn't good and it wasn't bad, we walked in there and was not greeted nor seated.  We seated ourselves.  The waitress did not get to us until 15-20minutes later for drinks.  It's a possibility that I might revisited this place, I'm not really a meaty person so, its in between for me.

We were a party of 7, and each person end up paying $35, don't think it was worth it, but it was an experience! Heard they've done better in the past, so I still say give this place a shot...
Five star, especially in terms of cost efficiency. 
About $25 base price for this quality meat? No brainer.

Few rules of any meat place:
-get sirloins, strip steaks, and fatty flanks only
-salt that meat lightly, don't ruin it with A1
-the white rice is godly. Oil/salt/butter?

Customer service is decent, and always ask for medium-rare if you want medium as sometimes the outer layer is over cooked.
Went down with my Brazilian friends! First things first, they say it's a more authentic home-like buffet than the more expensive Fogo de chao in center city. 

As someone not too familiar with Brazilian bbq, this place is fantastic for its price. The cut of meat, picanha is especially well cooked. Aside from the bbq, the fish salad looking dish was also my favorite.
Well, it's over a year since I first ate here, and was impressed.  

Picanha has new management, and I'm afraid I have some disappointing news.  

Though fundamentally, nothing much has changed, I was less than pleased with the service on a Saturday eve at 7:00PM.  With two adults and two teenagers at the table, I got the distinct impression that Picanha was being skimpy with the offerings.  We sat for long periods with empty plates.  They brought around chicken wings and sausages with 3X the frequency of beef cuts.  We never saw fish, lamb or pork as advertised on the menu (despite near two hours at the table.)

Despite waving frantically at the server who had some skewers of rare Picanha a few feet away, I had to flag down the hostess to chase him, and he came back with well-done hunks.  I suspect they are told not to serve rare beef, probably because the fire-seared crust makes everything appear tastier.

People who complain about the beef being tough apparently have little understanding that skirt, flank, rump etc.  ARE TOUGH CUTS OF MEAT !!  Maybe you get more helpings of tenderloin or short rib at Fogo de Chao, but one doesn't go to a rodizio for fork-tender morsels.

We ended up heading back to the buffet bar a few times, because the wait was so long between meat servings.

At $21, this is less of a deal than it used to be. I wouldn't have minded so much for the $15.00 lunch, but with a price creeping toward Fogo, they will need to do better to make the value a real bargain.

I suppose if we had been more vocal and insisted on specific cuts we would have been accommodated, but that is more work than I want to do when I dine.  At a high zoot rodizio, you have more issues getting the servers to SLOW DOWN the meat service ..
Picanha is great. It's an authentic Brazilian churrascaria. Just like the ones on every street in Brazil. Most of the customers are Brazilian. Don't compare it to Fogo because it's not. It's locally owned, and catered for Brazilians. The staff speaks Portuguese and English. They have delicious cuts of beef, sausage, and chicken, and the feijoada on Saturdays is incredibly delicious. They have a self-service weighed plate option, as well as an all you can eat option. If you want an affordable price as well as an authentic Brazilian experience, then this is a great option.
My fianc and I have been going here for years! We're definitely regulars. The food is amazing, and we especially love the meat. They have natural juices which are good too and it's BYOB so they'll make you caipirinha if you provide the rum (so tasty). You can get your food by the pound or rodzio which is when they bring it to your table. Rodzio is a little more money but still worth it. Taste wise, it's comparable to Fogo & Chima just without the high price. They also recently renovated the entire place so the atmosphere is awesome!
An all-you-can-eat meat place should be casual, affordable, and low-key. How Fogo de Chao can justify charging $50+ for buffet meats is beyond me. Picanha is much more my style... You can choose the all-you-can-eat option... or do as the brazilians at the restaurant do - pay by the pound. I could get a pound of a picanha (top sirloin) and short ribs only and be completely satisfied. 

Bring your own rum or cachaca and a bag of limes and they will make caiprinhas for you. Leave room for the pineapple cake for dessert - it is thick and moist with home-made frosting and AMAZING.
This place went under some cosmetic changes to look more upscale, and it definitely looks a lot nicer now! New tables, lighting, and additions to the salad bar... food tastes the same, but it was pretty decent to begin with. It ain't no Fogo obviously, but at 8.99 pound you can get your fill of Brazilian BBQ without hurting your wallet! Service needs some work; everyone is nice but super disorganized
Interesting place, great food, in a weird neighbourhood.

The food is served buffet style, and you can either opt for the $20+ all you can eat, or pay by weight per plate. Since I didn't feel like eating so much for brunch, I just did the pay by weight option.

The sides are very interesting -- I wish they would put up signs since we were one of the first ones there and had trouble figuring out what things are without digging into them. There are various salads, rice, baked cheese with stuff...tons of choices and some of them are exceptional. Then you get to the counter at the end and that's where the fun begins.

Meat!! More meat!!

Their sirloin was very tender. Bacon wrapped chicken was great too. Garlic steak? Can't taste the garlic, but the meat was still good. There are various other items and from what I had, the meat was nice and tender, not overcooked.

The meat server was friendly, but since it's buffet style, waiter service was a bit lacking.

I didn't encounter any dry or overcooked meats -- maybe that's because I was there as soon as it opened?
I guess I've been on a bit of a Brazilian steakhouse kick lately.. After going to Chima and Fogo I would say that Picanha is right up there - but it's much different. Unlike Chima and Fogo where you pay a flat rate, at Picanha you pay by weight. So you go up to the counter and tell the griller man what you want and they give it to you. The meat was delicious and tender, and had almost the same selection that the big boy steakhouses had. My only advice would be to get all the meat you want in one shot. I went up a second time to get just one more piece of chicken and a small piece of steak and it was an additional $4. They weigh the food with the plate, which is very heavy. I think when I went up for seconds I got overcharged. Otherwise I was very happy with my experience! Can't wait to go back!
Yay! I knew I had faith in this place for a reason. I decided to give it another shot and it turned out to be a great night. I went at prime dinner time (5:30 or so) and it was still empty but there were more people than the last time I was there. The staff was quick and the meat was amazing. It is all flavorful and cooked just right.
How can you beat the price here honestly.  For $25, you can partake in the all you can eat and gorge yourself until you feel like you are about to explode like I did.  If you don't want to do all you can eat, you can also pay by the pound.  Unfortunately, I think we got here a little late because there was not a great variety of meat as others have described.  There were beef and pork ribs, top sirloins, skirt steaks, sausage, garlic chicken, and chicken wrapped in bacon.  They didn't have any filet mignon or lamb.  However, everything that came out tasted fabulous.  On top of that it's BYOB so we save money there also.  How awesome is that!!!  To bad this place is not closer to center city or I would be here all the time.  Actually that may be a good thing for my waistline.
Service was horrible. We had a birthday party of over 40 people there and we had to consistently ask for water. It took them an hour just to bring out on pitcher of water. Then I ask the waitress for a pitcher of soda she just rolled her eyes and left. Bearly any meat service was provided. When I expressed my concerns to the manager the were dismissed and she just started talking to someone else in the middle of me speaking. We will never come here again!
SCAM: DO NOT COME HERE. 

I have been to this location over 20 times in the year before COVID began when it was a beautiful hole-in-the-wall restaurant with incredible food, service, and passion. The price was mid 20s.

It is a shell now. 

They charge 39.99 now, the waitresses don't come around (wasn't busy), the meat is TERRIBLE (over cooked), and all the side dishes are stale and left out. 

Worst part is that they just try to dumb burnt meat on you. Medium rare? Here's well done. Medium? Here's well done. Rare? Here's well done. 

SKIP this place. No longer worth. They had the audacity to scoff at us after we tipped only 15% (waitress NEVER came to the table after first sodas).
Not as good as it used be but the meat purveyor could have have changed or the meat cook wasn't as well trained as the previous ones. The buffet area is still strong but it's the actual meats that makes or breaks a churrascoria. I was introduced to this place over 8-9 years ago and i never had a bad meal. I still haven't had a bad meal here but the meat quality in terms of cut or cooking has gone down. I used to ask for medium rare and I could get medium rare. Now I ask for medium rare I get medium well. Regardless still a great value compared to the chains out there
One of my go-to spots. This place is really is great. An authentic (and BYO!) Brazilian churrascaria.

You walk in to a cafeteria-style salad bar with plates for eating-in or taking-out. If you eat there, you can do by-the-pound or the all-you-can-eat rodizio. I usually just do by-the-pound since their prices are super cheap and I don't eat enough to justify the rodizio. But if you're up to the challenge, it's definitely worth it.

From the buffet, I always grab some potato salad and a carrot/tuna/raisin/potato stick salad that's way more than the sum of it's parts. Then I move on to the hot foods section, where I mostly stick to their rice and black beans, which are also delicious and authentic. I might grab a bit of other hot foods if they look good, but really you're here for the meat that's served at the counter so don't stray!

Once at the counter, load up! Be sure and grab their namesake cut of meat, picanha (top sirloin) and the pork sausages (UNREAL delicious!). Other standouts include chicken wrapped in bacon, chicken wing drumettes, and beef short ribs.

Then sit down and a waitress will take your drink order. Lots of choices here. If you bring cachaca, they'll bring you the mix for different flavors of caipirinhas. But they also have some great fruit drinks and the Brazilian soda Guarana, which is actually the base for most energy drinks and kind of tastes like a sprite mixed with red bull. Very good and will help wake you up from your meat coma!

If you still have room for desert, there's plenty of options though I feel like they all have coconut so not much flavor variety.

All in all a fantastic spot and highly recommend it.
Much more reasonably priced & realistic feel than the other "Brazilian" steakhouses in/around Philly. The staff is friendly & when you ask for steak medium rare (heavy on the rare) they bring it out for you- which is a nice touch. The salad bar wasn't that great, but that's okay- it's a place for MEAT (which was pretty good for the endless supply of it.) Go with a big group & use a restaurant coupon to make it even more affordable. Oh, its also BYO- which is always awesome.
Great place for reasonable price, especially if you are into buffet deals. I say 'let the steaks keep coming'. Good accomodation and food.
I came here with my boyfriend with a $25 groupon in hand, for 2 Brazilian Steak buffets.

I must say that, with the groupon the deal was great and very much so worth the food, service and OMG (see below) the dessert. However, I wasn't amazed by anything.. (except the dessert) -- which wasn't included in the groupon.

The food was pretty good. The meat was seasoned well, but some pieces were dry. The service was great, they were attentive. However.. there was some sort of un-cleanliness of the place that I felt, but nothing too serious. Just kind of an old little restaurant. 

The buffet stands were not big at all, I believe there were two carts. It was enough though. Everything on the buffet carts was pretty standard, nothing disgusting but nothing delicious. Just plain old, standard.

We enjoyed our meal, had a pleasant dinner with our groupon. But we still wanted to have some dessert even though it wasn't included. I can't remember what my boyfriend got.. but I got what the lady recommended.. THEIR FLAN. And my gosh, am I happy she recommended it. Maybe I'm crazy.. but I really do think it is by far the BEST FLAN I'VE EVER HAD. I haven't had many.. but I've had enough to know this was the most delicious I've had! It was nice and firm, but creamy. The sugar was just enough.. it tasted so caramelized and.. carmely.. it was soooo delicious. My boyfriend went back to get it for me two separate times, because I loved it so much. No steak, no dinner, just the dessert to go. It's $4.00 which isn't the BEST price, but it's quite good and I'll pay for it once in a blue moon for the pure enjoyment!

Overall, I'd say about 3-3.5 stars. It would just be difficult to pay THAT much on a normal basis without groupon. It's also $24.95 for lunch price (same meats available) for lunch at Fogo.
I have been to Picanha Brazilian Grill multiple times for dinner due to the rodizio style service provided here as well as the cheaper price compared to the higher end, more expensive rodizios in center city such as Chima or Fogo de Chao.  The restaurant is located in an area which doesn't look too nice but it is worth the food.  There is parking along Castor avenue near the restaurant which requires parking meters during certain times of the day.  The menu here offers less cuts of meat than the counterparts but that isn't a big issue.

The salad bar is different than the other rodizios as it is more true brazilian style than other places.  I decided to try the mac n' cheese as well as the polenta.  Both were very good and I ended up getting some more of them towards the end of my meal.  The rodizio service was done by one guy who cut decently sized pieces of meat each time.  We decided to try mostly all of the meats offered here.  I even tried the chicken hearts here which weren't bad.  I really enjoyed the sirloin as the fat around the edge melts in your mouth and it was prepared perfectly to medium rare.  Otherwise, all of the other meats were pretty good and I can't say there was one meat that I had that I didn't like as I cleared most of my plate each time.  

Overall, I recommend this place to anyone looking for a casual rodizio style dinner that provides a tasty meat equivalent to other counterparts without the higher price.
Awesome steak dinner at an awesome price. Meat and rice and beans are superior than Na Brasa which costs twice as much.
