Service 5/5
Christian was excellent. He gave great advice and as a result we both tried a newer menu item - cauliflower crust pizza. 

Food 5/5
The cauliflower personal pizza includes crust, cheese sauce and one vegetable topping.
Dear friend and I ordered our own personal pizzas. She chose a red pizza topped with mozzarella, arugula and prosciutto. I chose a Margarita- Style plus mushrooms. 

We both enjoyed the food and our drinks. Friend ordered a wit beer I'm not sure if it was blue moon or hoegaarden I'd the Prosecco- both options were wonderful.

I've to admit that I asked what the actual ingredients in the crust are and no one could answer me. Though the first bite definitely  had pronounced notes of "caulifunk" after that I neither smelled or tasted cauliflower and the pizza was crunchy and thin crusted. I've to warn you, if your body isn't used to cauliflower crust you may experience an unexpected and unwanted "cleanse"
Pietro's used to be my go-to spot for a nice meal at a decent price. I've always loved their salads and pasta. It had been a while since my last meal there and I threw it out as an option for a weeknight dinner. 

My fiance and I each ordered a glass of red wine. Wines by the glass are very limited with regards to selection and cost around $8-$11. My glass of cab was pretty bad... but not as bad as my fiance's sangiovese. We shared an arugula salad which was nice, but priced steeply at $11 for what was essentially a plate of arugula, sun dried tomatoes and some parmesan. 

Both of us ordered basic pasta entrees; cheese ravioli for him and pasta bolognese for me. I requested wheat fettuccine and the dish arrived with wheat penne. I sent it back and our server came over to tell me that the only wheat pasta available was the penne. I opted for plain fettuccine, instead. I know in the past the pasta was always made fresh but I think things have changed. The portion sizes are still pretty large, and I had plenty for lunch the following day. 

For sixty bucks plus tip, Pietro's just isn't cutting it. As we ate, we rattled off several other Italian restaurants with better food and pricing; places we'll likely end up next time.
I really enjoyed this Italian restaurant. I was pleased with the fettuccine carbonara which provides a large portion to share between 2 people. It was flavorful and filling, with pork, mushrooms and peas. We were given warm complimentary rolls which were tasty. Our food came out pretty fast.

What I liked most was the architectural design of the restaurant and the quintessential Christmas music playing in the background adding to a nice December night.

The service was prompt, friendly and attentive.
Pietro's boasts my favorite salad in Philly. Like, FAVORITE. Here's how you can't go wrong:

Mediterranean Salad with the sauteed chicken. It comes with grilled shrimp by default, but do yourself the favor and sub those out for the chicken; you'll be the envy of the table. The salad's large enough to have as a meal and props if you can finish the thing yourself. 

I'm also obsessed with their rolls and how they consistently serve them right from the oven. Mix some olive oil, salt, pepper, and crushed red pepper together for the perfect bread dipping sauce. 

When it comes to brick oven pizza, theirs is the best. I'm particularly fond of the mushroom topping. 

Pietro's is my reliable fall back plan when no one can decide where to eat.
Pietro's Pizzeria is a small Italian restaurant in downtown Philadelphia.  It's has a nice atmosphere with pleasant staff.  The restaurant itself is very narrow but long.  The lighting is dim, so use your phones to read the menu.  It's has a bar section as you enter and seating just a few steps above.  The menu is decent with lots of traditional Italian dishes as well as a variety of pizzas.  They do have a number of vegan options to choose from which is nice.  The prices are decent for the amount of food you get. I'll definitely come back and try a few other options.
Okay let me get right to it - you gotta order the Gemelli Arugula Pollo pasta. If you're in a group setting, order the family portion and thank me later. The pasta was ahh-mazing! The group of girls I was with could not stop eating it. Seriously, we were beyond stuffed but felt the need to completely polish it off. 

On another note, the Risotto Balls are worth a try. Never had it with minced mushrooms on the inside but surprisingly it was really good. The Pietro's pizza on the other hand was just A-okay. While the dough was excellent, the clumped up prosciutto tasted a bit strange on the pizza with the arugula. 

Cute spot for a group setting. While the service was a bit lacking on a Friday afternoon at 4, the food totally made up for it. I'd come back for just the pasta alone!
Pietro's has great pizza and pastas. They have a variety of pizza sizes and toppings. Pizzas start around $18, and if you're enjoying the pie solo you will have plenty of leftovers. I wish they did personal pizzas, especially as a happy hour special (shout out to Nomad Roman Pizza's happy hour pizza deals!). That said, Pietro's happy hour deals leave much to be desired. But that's ok. Skip the HH food menu and order for pizza or pasta.

The interior is beautiful and quite spacious. They can host large groups, but don't worry. The acoustics are decent, and you won't have trouble hearing your table if there's a big group nearby. 

Pro Tip: Always book a reservation, especially for dinner hours. Unless, of course, you want to wait 20+ minutes for a table.
A tip: If you're going to allow group reservations on a Saturday night, please tell your patrons that your entire party must be present before you will seat them before you end the call. I'm aware that this can be standard at some places but for most it's not. 

Look, if half our party was missing I'd get it. But we were waiting on ONE PERSON. The rude hostess, I didn't catch her name, outright refused to let us sit and start our drink order while we waited for our friend who was only 15 minutes away. It was freezing outside, they don't have a waiting area, and it was cramped at the doorway with strollers galore leaving us no choice but to wait in the cold. So what harm would it do to keep us happy and warm at our table? She kept on ranting about how people always say the rest of the party is coming and they never show up. ONE PERSON was not there. FIVE of us were. It honestly wouldn't have made a difference to the table. 

In the age of yelp I cannot imagine why someone would be so inhospitable. It wasn't as if 5 of us were going to take up a table for 10. Totally not worth the hassle. We made a call and were promptly seated at another restaurant where we were welcomed in from the cold.
I've been at Pietro's Pizzeria few times. I have some few facts and a short story to share.
- Solid spot and it'll hit any taste buds just right on. 
- Great Al fresco dining- especially now, during warm summer days & nights!
- Generous portions.
- Try the Short Rib artisanal pizza: One word: Scrumdiddlyumptious! 

Last time I dined here was few weeks ago. To be more specific and relevant to my "short story," it was last week of June/ Ramadan at sunset. 
- Waiter: Anything to drink? 
Sari: Coffee please?
- Waiter: Coffee???? Why? Are you having a rough day.
Sari: No. I'm having an awesome day. We're all fasting, and this is our first meal of the day, and I'd like to start with a coffee-if that's possible? ( I didn't need to justify the reason I was ordering coffee, did I?!)
Still Sari: Are YOU having a rough day? Because I'm seeing you all over the place.
- Waiter: Yes. I am. I am all over the place!
... Then he refilled my coffee cup THREE times. Even thought I said I didn't need more coffee refill!!!
When it was time to pay and leave, he disappeared. It took us more than 25 minutes just to get our check.
The bottom line is that the food is good but service is meh.

Three Yelps.
I came here for a team lunch and every single plate that a Pietro's waiter put down ... it was picked up 5 mins later. We weren't even done w our apps and they started clearing it out.  They did the same for our entrees ... like seriously let us at least finish our 3rd bite. I look down at my phone for one second to chk emails and my food is gone... no one even asked if I was done.  I understand you have to turn tables but can the patrons at least eat first instead of being rushed out.

Food was good here but I would have liked to have been given the opportunity to eat it.   Unfortunately, i will not return to Pietros and will no longer recommend this spot to my company.
Pietro's just .. gets me. 

Friends will tell you I like pizza. Just kidding. They'll roll their eyes and tell you that I LOOOOVE pizza. And it's true. 

The person that hates my unremitting affection for pie? My boyfriend.

Well, guess what. He's away on vacation. What has two thumbs and plans on eating pizza the entire time he's away? THIS girl. 

I was feeling a little bit fancy (okay, lazy) the other day and decided to order my own pie. I checked Pietro's website to see if delivery was available, and it is, but only to the Rittenhouse area of the city; otherwise, you'll need to order for take-out. 

The delivery man called shortly before arriving at my building, so I was waiting for just a second when I saw him walk through the door, and I heard angelic refrains in my head and saw the delivery man's aura (maybe it was the pizza) glimmering. 

Okay, enough build-up. Let's talk pizza. I ordered a Pietro's Classic, which has mozzarella cheese, arugula, and prosciutto as toppings. The pizza arrived hot, and the crust was crispy and cooked to perfection and will run you about $14. If you order anything from Pietro's, let this pie be it. (Or, you know .. the calamari or mussels, because those are both good too.)
**This star rating is more of a 4.5**
I've been exploring the center city/ old city area for a good amount of years now and over the years, I've heard many many people claim that certain places had the best pizza in Philly. Through those trials, I've found some really good places, but I've never left a place saying "This is it!", until I found Pietro's... Pietro's is just pure heaven to me and though everyone is entitled to their own opinion, I will bet any amount of money that if their pizza is not the best you ever had, it will at least be one of the best that you ever had. The crust is always amazingly crunchy, the sauce is bold and flavorful, the sauce to cheese ratio is perfect, and the toppings are the freshest you'll find. The rest of the menu is great as well. For starters, the portions are huge! Especially their salads. And to add to that, everything is very rich and dense. I swear, no matter what you get, every bite is a party in your mouth. Lol. 

Aside from the food, Pietro's definitely looks like it's waaay more expensive than it actually is. The inside is very classy and quite beautiful. It has a great overall ambiance. The front dining room has has amazing vaulted ceilings and elegant light fixtures/ chandeliers. At the front of the dining area, near the entrance, there's a wall of massive windows that can be fully opened during the warmer seasons. On the outside of those Windows, you'll find the outdoor dining area. It's not that big, but the sidewalk on Walnut St. is very wide. So if you do opt for outdoor dining, it'll be quite comfortable and you won't be interupted by all the people walking by. Adjacent from the front dining room is the bar area. It's quite large and it's fitted with a few tv's. Behind the front dining room/ bar area and up a few stairs is another huge dining area that has views of the partially exposed kitchen. They also have very stylish restrooms that are extremely clean. 

All in all, every time that I've been to Pietro's, the service has been superb. And the same can be said about pretty much everything on the menu. My only complaint about Pietro's is though it's worth every penny, their pizza pies in particular can be a little pricey. I also dislike the fact that you cannot make any substitutions. But other than that, Pietro's is a solid Italian restaurant and you can't go wrong with anything on the menu. And lastly, for a place that has such great quality/ authentic Italian food, they get extra points for since they deliver as well.
After another great experience, I decided I'm not going to hate just because they use little olives in their martinis.  I shouldn't be drinking martinis with pizza anyway, I should be drinking wine.  Lesson learned.

On a Saturday night when we were too exhausted to do any restaurant research, Pietro's was a no-brainer for an easy, relaxing dinner spot.  At around 9, there were plenty of open tables and minimal distractions.  Our server was attentive and friendly, and both the salad and pizza we ordered came out perfect.  In a city filled with fancy, well-acclaimed restaurants, the always dependable and wallet-friendly Pietro's remains one of my favorites.
I really like this place.  They give you a really big salad and the pizza is yummy even though the toppings are too expensive.  I just wanted to review  the place after I saw that another customer said that they treated handicapped people unfairly.  I wish Pietro's had more outdoor seating, but what can you do?  My dad came to visit when my rowing team was here about a year ago, and he has some pretty serious speech and balance disabilities because of a brain injury.  He went up to the hostess on a busy Saturday night and explained that we were visiting from out of town, and they were very accommodating to him and to the rest of the group.   They seated us quickly and the service was great, considering our big group.  I hope this clears the air for anyone who was concerned about the service at this location.
The idea of a salad for lunch usually depresses me. For my half hour of bliss, I want something warm and hearty. But Pietro's salads have changed my mind forever about salads. 
Every single one of them is delicious. However, you MUST get it with chicken (grilled or sauteed, both will bring a smile to your face). The best part about these salads is that they are huge. I mean really really huge. You can split them with another person and still have some left over. One of the best $7 take out choices available (salads run about $14 with the chicken added). 
They also have Delicious pasta (there's one with arugula, tomatoes and chicken that i love) and their pizza isn't too shabby. 
Worth checking out.
Worst restaurant experience I have had in a long time.  My wife and I are normally very diligent in picking restaurants.  This time we went in because it was crowded and they had a decent menu.

We were seated pretty quickly and our waiter took our order in a timely manner.  That was about as good as things got.  

My wife got penne ala vodka and I got chicken limone.

After a long wait our food came out and both of our dishes were cold and the sauces on the top had congealed.  I asked the waiter what happened and he said that's how they always come out.  I asked to speak to the manager.  We saw our waiter talk to the manager but he never came.  We asked the waiter again after 10 minutes of waiting but not eating our cold congealed food.  Finally he spoke to the manager again who started walking towards us and motioned 1 minute to us.  He kept walking back and forth for the next 5 minutes or so.  At that point my wife and I did something I've never done.  We got up and walked out.  

Never Again.
Really just not good.  

As mentioned in a few reviews, my pie was beyond greasy.  This usually doesn't bother me (I did order a pizza, not rabbit food), but the insane amount of oil also tasted old and of poor quality in addition to there just being too damn much of it.  I had the Napoli, a combination of mozzarella, pine nuts (browned in oil), spinach (sautéed in oil), and sun-dried tomatoes (you guessed it...bathed in oil).  The ingredients themselves also tasted straight up funky; I have never been so turned off by spinach in my life.  Picking it off would have been an easier task had it not been frozen with that shred-easy texture.  I ended up eating a slice and a half of my 13 incher, and then trashed the rest, even though it was supposed to follow me to the airport and feed me again on my flight back to California.  

I ordered to-go when I got to the restaurant - if you do still choose to eat here (obviously not advised unless you are trying out new edible car fuel), order ahead.  A thin crust pizza should never take 20 minutes to make.  Ever.
ROACHES, RANCID, AND RICE, OH MY!  I usually write reviews only when my experience is memorable.  So I have been coming to Pietro's for many years.  I go at least once a month.  My favorite food as many of you know is Chicken Marsala with a side of pasta and I usually split a Caesar Salad with the person I go.  Tonight was a terrible experience.

I ordered the Marsala.  When they said it came with risotto, I said that I usually just get a side of pasta.  They said they didn't do "sides of pasta" and never even heard of such a thing.  I asked for the manager.  The manager said he was working there for a year and a half and asked when was the last time I came in.  I said I came in about five or six weeks ago.  He then fired back with, "but you said you come in once a month so what is it?"

At this point I knew I wasn't getting a side of pasta.  So instead they charged me 9 bucks for a children's order of pasta (which was the same portion of the side of pasta they usually give) and instead of the risotto, they up-charged me to replace the risotto with spinach.

When the food came, the mushrooms tasted rancid and my buddy's meatballs were only room temperature in the center.  We both decided to stop eating and just pay the bill and go because we were both worried about getting sick.  So, that's what we did.  About an hour later we unfortunately started getting some pains in our stomach and the outcome wasn't so good.

Beyond the fact that we saw a roach go into the vent on the floor and it's the only Italian-American Restaurant now where a side of pasta is unheard of, meatballs are served cold and there are rancid mushrooms in the dish of Marsala, the interpersonal aspect was disappointing and the health violations should be checked.  So tomorrow we will make a call for a health inspector to go in to the restaurant to protect future patron's who may not believe this post.

Tonight, Pietro's lost a long time customer, moreover, it is not accessible for those who may need special accommodations.
My coworkers love this place.... we went for a team lunch of about 8 people and I don't think I'll ever go back.

The service was terrible - it was lunchtime, but it wasn't ridiculously crowded or anything.  Took forever to get drinks.  We split pizzas and a few of us got our own salads.  The pizzas took about 35 minutes to come out.  The salads still hadn't arrived by the time the pizza got there.  So I asked the server.  He returned with the wrong salads.  No exaggeration about an hour and 15 minutes had gone by at this point.  He was unapologetic. I walked to the kitchen and tried to speak to the manager - who also brushed it off.  They didn't comp a drink, take anything off the bill - nothing.  

I left without eating and grabbed something on my way back to the office.  My coworkers have been back since - I will not be back based on the service and manager alone.
I visited the South St. location and FELL IN LOVE! I've sent over 20 ppl there just to experience their pasta and incredible service. 

Last night, I had a good friend of mine in Philadelphia who happens to be a restaurateur so i decided I'd give their Walnut street location a try... BIG MISTAKE.

Thanks to our reservation we were promptly seated, but it took over 10 minutes for our waitress to greet us. 

People who sat down after us were not only greeted but also served bread etc first. No big deal, we remained patient.


When we finally got waited on my colleague ordered soup, it came out COLD by someone else other than our server (same guy also brought our our entrees too not sure why, it wasn't an issue it just felt like we weren't a priority to our server).

After alerting our server to the issue she comes back with the same soup after we assume she placed it in the microwave. (you could tell by the burnt smell of soup that stained the side of the bowl)

It wan't untill AFTER he was done with his soup that we finally got bread. I know this doesn't sound like a big deal but when you know how ON POINT service is at the south street location, you'd know why i was so embarrassed after talking this place up so confidently.

Upon receiving our entrees we needed new silverware because ours had melted cheese dried onto the fork prongs.

Halfway through eating we decided that while the food was delicious, we'd go to Morimoto for dessert because the experience at Pietro's was unpleasant and unappetizing.

We told the waitress we were ready for boxes and our check, she zips away only to go wait on other tables.

10 minutes pass, now i'm staring at her as she stands in the beverage area by the bar laughing with coworkers. 

We make eye contact and she finally grabs our to go tins (she held them with her thumb pressed against the inside and after watching the male hostess pace back and forth with hand sanitizer while sniffing in his boogers and touching his nose we ended up throwing the left overs out).

Safe to say, i will never visit this location EVER again. 

Moving forward, if South St. isn't available i'll be going elsewhere :/
I have never had a bad meal here~ although I tend to order one of the same three things every time: the Mediterranean salad which has the most amazing homemade salad dressing, the pasta with vodka sauce (I usually substitute their whole wheat fettuccini for the penne that comes standard) and of course, pizza.  The food is always great; everything is homemade and very fresh.  I could probably eat here several times a week and never tire of it~ in fact, I was here on Friday night for dinner and went back again for lunch the next day.

The service was good both times this past weekend but it can get really crazy at lunch time during the week.  In my opinion though, the quality of the food and the prices are worth it!  

My only gripe is that they serve their martinis with crappy little salad bar olives instead of the nice big ones~ you've gotta have the big ones for martinis!
Great food, but they don't take reservations!
The pizza with arugula on top was excellent, it hit the spot.
It turns out that this is also a wonderful first date spot!!
Plus, outdoor seating so you can bring your pup or pet the passing pups between slices.
Pietro's is upscale and classy without being too expensive or over the top.
Staff is nice but management was very rude. Was sitting at the bar waiting for a to go order and the manager just came up behind me and said "I don't want you sitting at the bar. We're a very busy restaurant and I don't want customers to not have a place to sit."

Just because I wasn't dining in doesn't mean I'm not a person that could potentially become a long term customer. After this experience I definitely won't be dining in.
Pietro's is a great place to stop by and grab a coal-oven pie. The pizza is thin and well-done, but not crispy or crunchy, instead it's soft and doughy. All pizzas are made with fresh mozzarella cheese and quality toppings. The sauce is good too, which isn't always the case. The restaurant's set-up and decor is quite nice. The tin ceiling makes for some poor acoustics, so don't plan for intimate conversation as it gets extremely loud.
We literally lost our shit when it came to our attention that there is a philly restaurant on caviar that makes CAULIFLOWER PIZZA. Pietro's, my friends, is the one.

This was obviously a given on that faithful weekend afternoon. Vegan cheese is an option as well as a literal million topping choices. If you want standard crust, there are even MORE mother fucking options. Just the number of cheese is obscene: gorgonzola, ricotta, mozzarella, fontina, provolone, SMOKED mozzarella. Are you kidding me? You can also add PESTO as well as vegan cheese (on the cauliflower) or VEGAN pepperoni. For the record, on the regular pizza you can add pretty much every single topping ever known to mankind. Believe it or not, I'm not in any way getting compensated for this very generous review despite the fact that I should be. Call me.

Enough about them, WE ordered the cauliflower crust with olives. The cauliflower only comes in 10 inch which wasn't going to do it given our binge-eating tendencies. We also ordered the fried mozzarella and mozzarella fresca salad. 

The crust was honestly so good I was skeptical it was cauliflower. The pizza itself was so fucking good we ordered another one a few days later (lol). It wasn't as good as authentic, classic pizza but considering what it was, it was very impressive. The fried mozzarella are pillows of breaded heaven and accompanied by delicious tomato sauce. The salad itself was great as well but let's be real, we're not super interested in this are we. (but for those sickos who enjoy salads as much as me, very good salads with a lot of fresh ingredients and tasty dressing).

I'm honestly not usually this nice when I review and I don't know what came over me because I'm not even having a good day. 

Anyways, give this shit a try
inexpensive, well made bloody mary, ok staff... good bread and oil.. I like the parm.. the food was good.. nothing spectacular.. I could have made better homemade ravioli myself.. however it suited the purpose.... I like the little coat hangers all over the place.. so you're not forced to have them on the back of your chair and stuff.. I mean it was ok.. but I did hear that the pizza was what should have been tried... I'm not against going here again.. but it's definitely not a place I'd go out of my way to go to.
Came here with coworkers while we were here for a conference. This place was our favorite of all (however few) places we tried while staying here. We came here towards the end of our stay and decided to go all out... drinks, appetizers, pasta, and dessert. Of course this was before we knew how generous the portions were, so we had tons of leftovers. The apps we split were a salad, the bruchetta, and the calamari. We each got different pastas, and everything was fantastic. My only regret is that our hotel didn't have a mini fridge for us to take home our leftovers! For dessert, the chocolate truffle mousse... yumm! This place definitely helped ease the tensions of a long and taxing week of lectures and workshops!
I've been here no less than 30 times. It's that good.

Every city has a cheap but good restaurant that you know you can always get a good meal at a reasonable price at. as I think about this statement, i realize the actual restaurant is subjective. but Petrol's is definitely a top contender for this position.

Large portions at a reasonable price (two people can have a salad, dinner, and drinks for ~60) and better than most smaller more 'authentic' Italian restaurants.

If your in town on business and need a bite to eat before the hotel+laptop? this is the place.

Have a vendor in town and need a fast inexpensive but professional lunch? this is the place.

Get off work and realize that lunch sucked (or you didn't get one) and all you want to do is have a beer, some salad, and some great puttanesca? ...you get where I'm going.

finally, I don't believe I've ever had a mad waiter here. also, I think this is one of the few places where i look forward to having a specific waiter/waitress.

if you're in a large group or there with your family from out of town, sit in the back. If you're there with a friend for a relaxing evening meal, sit up front.

...the place on south street is good to; the food looses nothing.

it gets four instead of five only because its not AMAZING; its pretty darn close.
Awful manager - short pudgy guy, black-ish hair.

We went here as a party of 4. One person in our group can't have one of the toppings listed in the ready made combinations, so he asked if he could just get one of the pre-made combinations without that one ingredient. Waitress said this was not possible, but he could make his own pizza - didn't say how much it would cost....assumed a an extra couple dollars at most.

Well, then arrived all the entrees. The "make you own" pizza arrived WITH that one ingredient, even though paying more for it. They took it back, and made a new one 15 minutes later. Ok, their mistake, it happens to all of us.

Then we get the check. All the other pizzas were $14 each, whereas "make you own pizza was priced at $23.50 (minus 1 ingredient from ready-made pizza topping combination, same size). This was a surprise, and total rip-off. It's not possible to pay $9.50 more for almost same pizza, when it was made 15 minutes late. 

We then called the manager over. He said it was their policy to charge extra, and then stormed away, saying  because of  the mistake, "you don't have to pay, make her (waitress) pay for the pizza, since it was her mistake!" Do not make the customer feel guilty for restaurant mistakes, this is not the way one treats employees or customers! Left a tip to include price of pizza they charged. We will not going back here again, poor attitude cannot be tolerated even if food is good.
Haven't been here in so long but came here for a friends birthday dinner. I got here early due to the pouring rain so I sat at the bar and got a drink, sangria. The sangria was good and heavy but their menu stated it was $10 but I was charged $11 - I asked the bartender about the price difference and she said they did go up by $1-$2. They should update their menus though. 

Some of my friends came so we were able to be seated without our full party. We ordered the fried mozzarella as an app which was so good but only 6 pieces and a bit small. I was debating between the eggplant parm and rigatoni bolognese but our waiter said I could order the eggplant parm and have the bolognese as my pasta - they were both so good!! Their pasta menu seemed a little small - I was surprised they didn't have lasagna. Our service was a bit slow which was a bit frustrating since I was starving but the food made up for it. 

We also ordered dessert, chocolate cheesecake and it was so so good! 

Will definitely be back if I'm in the city anytime soon!
Food is decent but very overpriced for what this place is. Also thought it was really bizarre that they refused to add a side order of spaghetti to one of our entrees when requested. Instead they were pushy about trying to get us to order the more expensive spaghetti entree, but that wasn't what we needed since we each had already ordered full entrees and didn't need a third entree. My friend just wanted a small side of spaghetti with his meal, which we obviously were willing to pay for. Weird that an Italian restaurant "doesn't do sides of spaghetti". Just seemed cheap and petty on the management's part. 

The food is ok and enjoyable but the price point is really out of whack. Expensive for what I consider to basically be a glorified Olive Garden.
This place knows the art of making a pizza.  The quality and simplicity of the ingredients are experienced in bite full. The bread was crispy and gooy inside and the mozarella was pretty effing good.  The bitterness of the arugala played with the prosciutto.  I had the hosue chianti.

The bartender was the consumate professional.  

Needless to say, I would recommend this place wholeheartedly.  Bravo.  There are so many great pizzeria in Philly though so I will need to eat my way around and come back with an update to be able to give it my rare 5 stars.

While I was there, this place was going like gangbusters on the take out.
I like Pietro's.  I wouldn't call it one of my favorite restaurants, but when I'm in the mood to have some quality pizza and salad, this hits the spot every time.  The service is always excellent, and the prices are very reasonable.  Seems to be family-friendly as well.
My 4 friends and I came to Pietro's for dinner the day before Memorial Day. We had spontaneously decided to go to Pietro's therefore we had no reservations or anything. Let me just say first, the hostesses were absolutely wonderful. They were kind and kept us up to date on how much longer we would have to wait until our table was ready (took 1.5 hours but worth it). We were starving, so as soon as we sat down we asked for bread. The bread was SO WARM and delicious. Honestly, we would've made a meal out of bread and oil if we could have. 

Anyways, we ordered with our eyes and stomachs and ordered a large pie of margherita pizza, veggie pizza, and a family plate of pasta. By the end of the first pizza, we were forcing ourselves to eat more because we realized maybe...just maybe we order a little too much especially with all the bread we just ate.

The place was dimly lit and the space was small but really can't ask for much. The best city restaurants happen to be the ones that have no space apparently. Pietro's was pricey but only because we ordered way more than we should have. Would definitely recommend coming here at least once!
Interesting! If you go by the 3 star review and fairly empty seating on a Sunday night, one would think that this restaurant is mediocre. But come here on a Friday night, and it is jam packed out the door. It's not my favorite restaurant, but I'm a fan.

Honestly, the prices here are pretty typical of a City restaurant. This is similar to Nomad restaurant, which serves artisan pizzas in Philadelphia. I split the medium pizza and pasta with a friend. We were stuffed at $28 bucks plus a bottle of house wine b/w the two of us. I even took the leftover pasta home.

As far as the menu, I'm not sure if anything other than the pasta and pizza are good here. Can't go wrong with Rigatoni alla Vodka pasta and Pietros pizza. Get that and let me know if you agree :)
I've been all up Pietro's skirt for the past five years and our relationship has finally turned sour. the waiter last night forgot to bring out my roomie's pasta dish and we had to bag it and take it home by the time they finally brought it out. and he was impossible to track down in general.

basically i think it's finally time to move on to a new pizza place. leave this place to the out-of-towners.
When a friend of mine wanted to meet for lunch I let her choose where to meet. Since she works nearby she suggested Pietro's.

We met at 1:30 and the place was PACKED. The layout of the restaurant was super narrow and when you factor in all of the people that were eating it was very cramped.

The lunch specials were definitely cheaper than their other menu options, but most of what was on that menu had either meat or lots of carbs, and I'm trying to lose some holiday pounds so nothing really caught my eye.

I opted for the mussels and the stuffed mushrooms. The mussels themselves were tasty, but the sauce was kind of gross. It had a film on top of it before it got to the table and there were chunks of congealed I don't know what. Maybe they were onions globbed together, maybe it was chunks of butter or oil, but it grossed me out. The stuffed mushrooms were nothing more than a sliced mushroom topped with ricotta cheese and then fried. Pretty unappealing.

I don't know if this is a chain restaurant, but it definitely felt like one. Perhaps if I got a pizza I'd be more impressed. I'd suggest not to go there for anything other than a pie!
If I was in college, this would have been the perfect place for a great night out.  Being more than one reunion out of college, it was average.  I had the sicilian salad and the vodka rigatoni which were both excellent.  I'm giving it 3 stars because of the lack of atmosphere, and the dissonance between when this restaurant would have peaked for me, and when I actually went there.  If you're in the area and you're with a picky eater, they will be able to find something to eat here.
Terrible service! Our server wouldn't take our order and gave us minimal attention through the evening. Then all of our food: apps, main course, drinks all came out together. After multiple mishaps at the table ... Drinks spilled (on the table and me!), plates fallen (without an apology). If that wasn't bad enough, our server charged us double for a drink. When we brought it to her attention she gave us attitude and told us it was our fault! 
I won't be coming back!
I definitely went to Pietros more when I first moved to Philly. Someone suggested it for a quick lunch and since I work on 16th and chestnut, it was a convenient place to visit, it has a lot of room inside for a center city restaurant and a pretty good selection of classic Italian menu items. It's one of those places that I don't necessarily have complaints about, but once you've lived in Philly for a while, it sadly doesn't even enter your mind as a repeat restaurant. 

The times I have been here, the service has been mehhh but I do enjoy the Chicken Florentine salad and the bread and olive oil they give you in the beginning of the meal. Every pizza I've tried here has been overly salty and nothing to write home about. The back part of the restaurant is also very dark and dreary.

Pietros is in such a prime location that it's a shame they don't do more to brighten up the space and make it inviting. I think the menu can also use a revamp. I think they're going for that classic dim lit Italian restaurant feel but that's just not what people are interested in anymore. They need to modernize this restaurant asap and get people talking about this place.
I am not a big fan of Coal Oven Pizza because it tends to be to crunchy and burnt and I like folding my pizza in half.    Pietro's is good though.  Last time I was here I got some goat cheese and prosciutto pizza (it may or may not have had anchovies as well) and they forgot to put the prosciutto on and made it as if we didn't order it.  Whatever!

Besides that though, I've not really had a negative experience here.  I like going when I remember it exists.
There's better pizza to be had in Philly, but Pietro's is a great place for a big group of people, especially if you're interested in having a nicer dinner/lunch than at a regular pizza joint. Also, the outdoor/sidewalk seating is nice for a warm evening/afternoon and the people watching is great. Wait staff and ambiance definitely add to the dining experience.
I came here a LONG time ago when it first opened. Must've at least been 6+ years ago? After that, I came here for a couple more years and still go back to this day. 

Had I yelped this place then, it would have gotten all 5 stars. But in the recent years, I feel that it lost its je ne sais quoi. So it will sit at a solid 3 from a yelp elite. =)

Anyways, so when it first opened. This was my favorite restaurant - and get this, I'm not even all that big on Italian food or pizza. How dare me - I know, since I'm a Philly girl. I mean, yeah, if it's in front of me, will I push it away? No, of course not. Is Italian food a cuisine I ever crave? Not really - and I've even been to Italy. For shame. 

Okay, so the interior is nice and neat. Nothing much else to note. 
In this particular location, the restaurant is sectioned off in 2 sections - the first section where you first walk in - the bar is to your right. 
Think of a rectangle like space. Then, there is the 2nd section where you walk up a couple of stairs and there is another dining area. I have sat in both sections. I prefer the back - seems a little more intimate and private.  

The pastas are hearty, filling, and have good portions.
The creams are really thick and heavy. 
There is a single size and a family size for the salads as well.

The two yummy pasta dishes to try here are the rigatoni and the vegetable angel hair one (if they still have it).

The bread is good too. 

You will have to find parking though.
Been here many times. Alway have had great meals and awesome service. Perfect place to go with your family especially around the holidays. When its cold outside you walk into such a warm atmosphere. We love it here!!
When I first moved to Philly, this was one of my first "Philly" experience. It was pretty darn good! the pizza was perfect, service was spot on and I couldn't wait to get back. Fast-forward a year later, a couple of my girlfriends were in town and I figured, this would be a good opportunity to stop in. Ehh, wish we did not.

When we first walked in, a server brushed right past us. Sorry, you're in such a rush that you literally couldn't wait for us to walk in. We get seated, our waiter took some time to get back to us... no worries, we have time. We ordered our drinks which were decent, ordered a Pietros pizza, Chicken pasta, and an app.
Sadly, the pizza was pretty awful. It was soggy! how are you brick oven with soggy pizza? that's like pizza 101. The pasta was actually delicious and our app was decent. 

It was decent experience but realistically speaking, there's way too many options in this area for mediocre service and food.
Just had take out for dinner here. It was actually pretty good. Got the spaghetti with meatballs and a side of spicy calamari with sausage. It was HUGE! I was thinking the spaghetti and meatball wouldn't fill me up but I have plenty of leftovers. It was a bit on the greasy side but that was kind of what I was craving. I liked it also because it came out hot. Some places when you order take out by the time you eat it the food is cold. I wasn't sure if I liked the calamari at first but after a few bites it just got better and better. 

They didn't sell drinks for take out so that was a disappointment. 

Total price for dinner $25. A bit pricey for take out.
I stopped for a takeout salad today at lunch, and waited at the bar....for 35 minutes. FOR A FREAKING SALAD. To add insult to my insalata (insulata? har har), they served the two girls who were sitting next to me who ordered their food 10 minutes after I placed my order first. I really wanted to give the lady who was serving the bar the benefit of the doubt, and convinced myself that maybe, they ordered something simple. GUESS WHAT. Not only they order the exact same salad that i did, they also ordered a large pizza. Oy. I patiently asked the lady how long it'd be until my salad was ready, and she glanced over her shoulder like I was asking a ridiculous question, and said "5 min., or less," then turned away before I could tell her I wanted to cancel it because I had been waiting for a salad for nearly half an hour. 
10 minutes later, she comes back with the takeout, pushes it in my direction without so much as a "sorry for the wait," and turns away. 

I order delivery from Pietros a couple times a month to feed the husbear when I don't feel like cooking. The food is acceptable, the service, not so much.
The bread of pizza is totally no taste!!!!! only few cheese on it! and coast $15? I will not buy it even its only 5 dollars!!!!!! How about pasta? no really spaghetti noodle, and the souse not get in to the noodle too!!!! taste like noddle and souse  r separated!
Returned to Pietro's after a (too long) absence recently and was glad to note that the place was just as I'd remembered in all respects--layout, ambience, crowd (not your typical snobby Rittenhouse-ites, even though it's located in the heart of Rittenhouse), and food. Even at full capacity, the noise level is refreshingly bearable--kudos to whoever designed the acoustics here. Aesthetically, too, the layout and decor of the restaurant has a chill, relaxing vibe. The only negative: a very small outdoor seating area--about 5 or 6 tables--right outside the entrance on this busy stretch of Walnut Street, so you're sharing the sidewalk with passerby who are basically in your face--and food--constantly, which can become annoying pretty quickly. Stick with dining inside.

Their speciality is coal oven pizza(s), hence the name, but there are also many pasta and salad dishes from which to choose if you want to go that route, and everything is made with fresh ingredients prepared consistently well. Portions are quite large and two can easily share a pasta dish or large pizza with the possibility of still having food to take home. Service has always been excellent, and I'm always struck by the diversity of the crowd: groups of 20-somethings, young-ish families with small kids, and couples, all coexisting peacefully--another rarity for Rittenhouse. The restaurant's been in its same location on Walnut between 17th and 18th for, I'd say, at least 15 years, which is unusual for this block, yet the place still feels very contemporary and does not in the least look or feel dated. A reliable favorite that rarely makes a misstep.
I generally use this place only for business meals. It's my go-to spot because sits in such a convenient location, and you can get in and out in the time you're reckoning for.

It's kind of hard to find nice restaurants that you can get in and out of in an hour, but if you tell the waiters/waitresses what's going on they are always super quick and helpful with getting orders out on the right times.

The staff is always super nice, and the food is pretty good too! Although it was company sponsored (so it was super overboard), I think I had one of the best meals of my life here with pizza and chicken and dessert and oh my gosh in this restaurant. Now that I actually have a budget that comes with my meal, I think the chicken parm is really good.

Would recommend!
this place was a total disappointment!!!
bread should of been the warning to leave
pasta fagioli taste like campbells  soup
pizza was doughy 
prosciutto was like cheep bacon
salad was good

paid bill even though we hardly ate 
tipped waitress 

manager  never even approach us 

please do not go here

anthony d
The food was great and our server was great... but we asked on three separate occasions throughout our meal to shut the inside front door.  It is cold outside and both front doors were propped open which sent a strong draft in through the front of the restaurant. When I asked to speak to the manager, he initially did not come over. I had to ask a second time to speak to the manager who then said, "It was closed for a little and then was propped open again. It is not in my control, there are servers that need to go outside." To which I replied, "You are the manager of the restaurant, it should not be out of your control. Second, there are many restaurants that have al fresco seating and they don't need all doors propped open. Lastly, that's the need of the server and I am a customer telling you three times that there is a draft and it is freezing." 

THE MANAGER JUST WALKS AWAY.

DO NOT GO HERE. THE MANAGER IS RUDE AND DOES NOT LISTEN TO CUSTOMERS. 

The way the manager handled our complaint was unprofessional and I used to be a solid customer coming here about 2-3 times a month and bringing family and friends here.  Never again.
Not sure why I wasn't crazy about the Barese pizza. First slice was definitely phenomenal but as I ate more and more, it became good but not sure if I would order it again or crave it in the future.
I've eaten here three times.  I've had three different dishes and they were all huge plates of delicious Italian food.  Try the rosemary chicken and gemelli, it's very tasty.  They also have a ton of beers on draft and some local brews as well.  I've never had to wait for table or long for our food. They also have some yummy rolls that I'm assuming are made from their pizza dough (although they definitely don't compare to Bertucci's rolls).  I'd definitely try this place if you're in the mood for some yummy Italian food. Oh and they also have large plates that feed 4-5 people.
I can't wax poetic over this pizza.  It's fine, not stellar.  

I had a white pizza with roma tomatoes & garlic.  I had to add salt to give it some flavor.  Not bad.

The olive oil at the table was not very flavorful.  It was totally forgettable.
I love this pizza! The cheese is so fresh and soft, The pearl onions are ingenious, and I love that they put fresh basil leaves on the pies. Last time I was here it was with 10 members of my family, and the bill came out to $100. It is a great place to take lots of people with different palettes, how could you go wrong with a simply made fresh pizza.
TERRIBLE experience!! IRRESPONSIBLE and UNRELIABLE vendor! Do not recommend!

Ordered food a day earlier for an important event, emphasized multiple times about importance of delivery on time, got their promise and everything was fine until.. No food was delivered and took them more than an hour after the promised delivery time to tell me that they made a mistake and my order was NEVER MADE. Even though I already called 10+ times beforehand and kept being told that my order was on the way, just wait - VERY IRRESPONSIBLE, not helping at all or even checking anything for customers before they gave an easy answer to get off their responsibility.
 
Also, no sincere apologies, the experience was totally a disappointment and this restaurant obviously did not take promise to customers seriously.

Will absolutely have no business with this restaurant anymore!
So this review is probably 4.5 stars, but I'm feeling generous, so I'm rounding up.

We stopped in for lunch before heading back to the airport to catch our flight home. It was lunchtime, and we were seated immediately. From the outside, I expected it to be a small place, but it was a lot deeper than I thought. 

They brought warm rolls, and there was olive oil and red pepper flakes on the table. Mix those with a little salt and pepper and you've got a great dip for the bread. The only thing that would have made it better is if there were grated cheese on the table as well.

We ordered the individual salad to share, thinking that based on the price, it was going to be big enough to share, and it certainly was. It was a large salad, likely meant to be a meal in itself. It was more than enough to split.

We also ordered a medium pizza with meatballs and ricotta. The brick oven crust was cooked well, the meatballs were good, the ricotta wasn't just plain, but had some spices and stuff mixed into it, which just added to the flavor. The mozzarella was stringy, and the basil on top was a nice touch. 

Our server, Christine, was friendly, polite, efficient, and competent. She had a way of dropping drink refills and picking up the empties as she was passing by, without us ever needing to ask. A couple check-ins to make sure we were all set. Perfect.

The only negative I can really point out is the noise level. It was unbelievably loud, a mix of kitchen, chatter, and echo. It was lunchtime, and the place was busy, but not completely packed. Perhaps when it's full it might be quieter, but be prepared. If I lived in the area, I could see my self being here often.
What?  I coulda sworn I already reviewed Pietro's.  I have been here several times but will base this 3 star review on my last visit which included a terrific basket of hot pizza dough rolls (and Olive oil for dipping) and a special salad with Poached chicken, avocado and eggs over delicious, crisp romaine.  Huge - and FRESH.  A winner.

Very affordable and good in a pinch when you are in the Rittenhouse area and don't have time/money for the swankier joints.
Craving pizza and pasta after a long day of drinking to celebrate a friend's doctoral dissertation, friends decided on Pietro's for dinner. It's deceptively large, with a big bar for Phillies games. Our server was great and was very helpful with suggestions. 

My "small salad" served the table - the portions are enormous! The fresh fried mozzarella is light years away from TGI Friday's. Our piccante pizza with spicy prosciutto, provolone, and hot pepper flakes really hit the spot - crispy crust, good toppings. I wish the pizza was a bit bigger for the price however. 

Great spot if you want to avoid scary Buca di Beppo or Olive Garden!
Pietro's is a classic Italian-American spot to grab large helpings of family-style fare. Whenever my boyfriend and I come here, we go for the Linguini Cielo. The dish offers a modest amount of shrimp and generous amount of grilled chicken. The blush sauce is very rich and the shrimp gives just the right amount of seafood taste. Plus, the leftovers hold very well and even taste amazing cold after sitting in the fridge overnight. 

If you're into smaller fare, the lunch specials offer just enough for one person. When my coworker and I came in yesterday, I ordered the Crab and Shrimp Ravioli and she got the Chicken Broccoli Linguini. The ravioli was superb; the crab meat definitely brought out the richness of the white wine blush sauce and the shrimp was charred to just the right amount to add some smokiness. My coworker said the linguini was nice and light with just the right balance of garlic. 

The only reason I'm giving it a 4 is because the daily lunch special menu (the one that changes on a daily basis) is slightly misleading. There's no prices listed on this menu and I assumed the ravioli I ordered was still within the same price range of the rest of the dishes on the lunch menu (our waiter told us the second special on that day's menu was $14, and the rest of the lunch specials on the standard lunch menu are $11.50). Much to my surprise when the check came, my dish was more than twice as much as the other lunch specials. When we spoke with the manager and suggested prices should be added to this lunch menu, he was very defensive and claimed within his 10 months working here, nobody ever had an issue with prices before.
So the pizza and calamari was AMAZING, so nothing against their food. I ordered off Caviar, a large pizza and calamari on a Sunday lol. It was 10 degrees out, wanted to have a night in with the roomie. We ordered a 4 cheese pizza, with a request of adding pepperoni. There was a make your own pizza option as well, but it would've added pepperoni on a margherita style pizza which is weird. So we asked for special accommodation, plus the 4 cheese pizza is way more pricier than the make your own option. 

Pietros calls me, and without any politeness "we can't put pepperoni on the pizza, you have to cancel your caviar order." I literally was like "why..." and he was like "we just don't" and I said "is there any way you can just add the pepperoni and charge me extra like what's the issue?" And he's like "no" , meanwhile roomie and I are LMAOOOO about his pure stoicism and lack of remorse. Since Caviar's customer service is not as good as Uber, I didn't want to cancel and go through that hassle. I told pietros just go with the pizza WITHOUT pepperoni. (Cheapos). 

Pietros calls AGAIN and said "we made a mistake and sent out a medium pizza instead of large is that ok?" I said "no, because it's $10 more expensive on caviar for a large. Do I get a refund?" And he's like "you have to call Caviar", I said "it's not Caviar's fault you made a mistake, I have to call?" And he's like "oh wait you're right ok we will call". And I'm like "instead of a refund just send a 2nd medium pizza for free." He said "ok, I'll call caviar to send a second driver for the second medium."

Caviar calls me, this is a separate issue because caviar has no problems in this scenario except this terrible lady on the phone with a slow voice. Anyways, she tells me that she's gonna send a driver with a LARGE pizza. I'm confused why large not medium but obviously that's fabulous , said ok.

Pietros calls me and says "mam, just to confirm, did you want medium or large for free?" Uh , what do you think?

Ok so moral of story, to make customer happy and come back; pietros just had to not be cheap, add the pepperoni and send a free large AUTOMATICALLY to make up for their mistake. I shouldn't of had to go through 10 phone calls to make things right. 

Thanks!
I came here with a friend since it's pretty close to where I live and have been meaning to try it. It seems like it's always packed at night, so decided to try it during lunchtime. The servers quickly brought us in, and to our surprise the restaurant goes in very deep. At the end was the kitchen, where you could see the ovens. The prices were a little steeper than we were willing to pay, so we went with the lunch specials. I went with the linguini shrimp and sausage, and my friend with the risotto mushrooms and Pollo. 

They brought out some bread and oil, which was decent but nothing particularly tasty. The oil could have benefited with a little more taste, if anything. The dishes arrived, and they were definitely a little smaller than we hoped. However, both were very delicious. In particular the shrimp in the linguine was almost crunchy, and the sausage was incredible. The linguine could have used more sauce though. The risotto was also very good, just the portions were small. Overall, a pretty tasty place to try. I would definitely recommend the pizza, as it looked delicious as everyone was ordering it.
If ever there were a reason for me to join Yelp, it was most certainly to give Pietro's a bad review.  

It has been a few years since I went to Pietro's, and there's a reason for that.  First of all, I never would have gone to Pietro's on my own.  I think the place looks like a chain restaurant.  And it's not!  (Yes, they do have two locations).  I think the main appeal is probably outdoor seating on Walnut Street, and everyone gets their attractive-looking pizzas, which you can see when you're hopping between Arden B. and Knit Wit (two stores on Walnut Street I've never considered shopping in).  But the outdoor seating undoubtedly draws people in.  
I had a friend who SWORE by Pietro's.  Every time she came downtown, Pietro's was her place.  She loved the pizza, and always ordered the same exact thing.  I went there with her once, and I thought it was nothing to write home about.  I wrote it off as "Meh."  I thought it was overpriced for what they were offering.  I wound up getting dragged there with her a second time, and I ordered a salad, which was pretty much a $7 pile of lettuce.  I told her I didn't want to go there anymore.  But, alas, ONE MORE TIME, I was persuaded.  "We're just going to get dessert," she said.  Okay, dessert, I can handle that, right?
This was the WORST experience:  We got there maybe at 7 or 8, and there were 3 of us.  It was sort of crowded.  We told the hostess we just waned dessert.  She sat us outside, which was fine.  A guy brought over complimentary bread and olive oil and we told him that we were only having dessert, but he said it was complimentary no matter what, so we starting eating it.  The waitress came over to take our order and we started ordering dessert items, when a man came over and started flipping out at everyone.  "You can't sit here if you're only getting dessert!" he yelled at us.  "And you don't get bread if you're only getting dessert!  Take away their bread and find them a new table inside!"  The waitress looked at us, with the bread in our mouths, and embarrassingly cleared away the bread and oil.  The man continued to yell at us... "You can't just sit anywhere you want, especially when you're only having dessert."  We explained that, obviously, we hadn't seated ourselves, and that we had informed the hostess of our dining plans.  He huffed and puffed and told us to get up.  We started to get up, when the hostess came over and explained that that was the case, and that she wasn't aware that there were stipulations for dining outside.  The man rolled his eyes and told us to sit back down.  Then he told us not to sit there again if were were just getting dessert or appetizers.  Then he walked away.  
The waitress and the hostess apologized for him.  After we ate our dessert (which we had already ordered, or else we would have left), we asked someone if we could speak to the manager.  We were lead to the back of the restaurant to wait for him to come out of the kitchen.  We waited at least 25 minutes before our original hostess walked by and asked us what we were waiting for.  We told her we had been waiting to speak to the manager.  She told us that the man who yelled at us was the manager.  We asked her to get him for us, and she came back a minute later only to report, "He said he's not going to come talk to you."  She apologized repeatedly.  
And THAT is why I haven't been back to "Pietro's Mediocre Pizzeria with Complimentary Awful Service"
Despite all of the Italian restaurants in south philly, this place is shamelessly my favorite place for pasta in town. The pizza and pasta (specifically rigatonia vodka) is unbelievable. When I have a craving for this place, nothing else will do the trick. 

Come hungry, bring a group, and expect big portions. Tip- the deliver!
Came here a bit ago (I'm slacking) and clearly wasn't blown away enough to immediately write a review.  Kind of one of those one-and-done places that I'd only go to again if I was in that area shopping and wanted pizza and drinks. 

I will say, however, that their brussel sprouts/balsamic pizza was BOMB and writing this now makes me kinda wanna go back just for that (maybe I can Postmates it?).

Honestly, the service was weird.  The place is MASSIVE (it's narrow but goes like half a city block lengthwise) but only the front few tables were occupied that particular Thursday night around 7-8 PM.  Basically, besides our party of 4, there wasn't a single table of people from the "upstairs" area all the way through to the back, but somehow, everything took forever.  The servers were all kind of just standing around, almost surprised they had patrons, and took almost 10 minutes to acknowledge we were there, even though we were in their clear line of sight. Drink orders, food orders and refills were like pulling teeth.

Music was WAY too loud - we all were shouting after already having a night shouting at Brews and Views, which wasn't ideal.

I can't remember the other food my friends ordered, cause it was kind of unremarkable (I remember the calamari being okay, but overly battered) and the prices weren't cheap enough to really justify it.  I give it a 3 cause it has a decent wine selection and really good bread/olive oil for dipping at the beginning of the meal.  Plus, tons of pizza options.

I think next time I'll just order that brussel sprouts pizza to-go.
There are several points of interest that can be touched on fourthwith as to why i am giving this imput,however i will not.
I have been familiar with this establishment for almost the latter end of a decade, the previous day,will be my last day.
I have been front and center to the variable visible decline of a few acclaimed dishes(flavor profile,plate presentation,elements present or lacking thereof),on the menu for a few take out visits as well as dining in.
 Being a Chef of Starr, as well as myself for fifteen years, and close friends with the likes of Daniel Humm(Eleven Madison Park, ExChef,),Pierre Koffman,Brooks Tanner,as well as a few close acquaintances here in the reigion ,i do have a pedigree on my palate. 

To put it bluntly, yesterday was not it.
Everything was off.
Even the host at your entrance, just as a heads up ,i was there at one p.m,extremely unprofessional with no couth.
Lots to be done ,and taken into account.
Went to Pietros pre-COVID and had to come back to see how things were.  Nothing has changed! The service, food, & ambiance were hard to beat!! We ate inside but the outdoor seating looked very cute.  The tables were 6 ft apart with each server wearing a mask and googles with face shield.  We were given two complementary rolls that were warm and soft with a olive oil hummus type dip that was different and suprisingly delicious. To start we got the short rib pizza.  The pizza had a great combination of flavor with the short ribs, onions, and white sauce.  For dinner we had the linguini cielo and chicken marsala.  The linguini was recommended by our waiter and it lived up to the hype.  The chicken and shrimp was a unique combo but worked well in the blush sauce.  The chicken marsala was good but more on the salty side.  Overall, the food came out quickly, portions were big, drinks were good, and the our waiter was awesome!!
When I think "pizzeria", I usually don't think alcohol. It makes sense that they have a fully-stocked bar, since that gives a customer one less reason to stray to a nearby bar. I wasn't expecting much from this restaurant, but was pleasantly surprised. (This place doesn't make me want to bitch slap people, like the Spaghetti Warehouse does.)

A bunch of us had dinner here to celebrate a friend's birthday. It took a little time to get seated (it was crowded and we were waiting for folks to arrive) but that gave me time to do shots with a new friend at the front bar. Turns out we met somewhere before, but I digress.

Pietro's serves large Italian family-style dishes. We shared quite a few, and I enjoyed the mussels, calamari, and DEFINITELY the spaghetti and meatballs. Good cooking, a pleasant atmosphere, and efficient service (we had a hilarious and slightly flirty server, and let's not forget the bartenders) make Pietro's a fun spot worth trying.
There isn't much to say about this place.  It's a pretty standard pizza place and the food is yummy.  

Pretty empty on a Saturday afternoon for lunch, so we stopped in.  The prices were reasonable and we didn't feel like walking anymore (it was hot!).  You are given bread, oils and cheese while you wait for your food, so you really don't need an appetizer if you're going to eat a bunch of bread.  The app menu was large, though, and included standard Italian fare like bruscetta and aranchini.  

I suggest building your own pizza.  Price is about the same as any of the 'specialty' pizzas (medium size), so you might as well get the exact toppings you want.  We got green olives and pancetta, which was delish.  The pancetta was nice, thinly sliced and fresh.  Mmm-mmm good.

I tried my first Yuengling beer, which was delish and on tap for $3.  I highly recommend it.  They had good beer prices overall, too, which was nice.  It looks like there's a decent bar here for the late crowd and I think their kitchen was open late.  

Stop in and try the pizza.  Very crispy and delicious.
Used to love going to Pietro's here and on South street, food doesn't seem as good as before but service was horrible. Between wrong drinks and being charged to much and given an attitude by the waitress when she had to change it. Will not be going back, I'd advise others the same for the price  there are ALOT better!!!!
I don't think I've had a bad meal here in the 13 years I've lived in the neighborhood.  Their food is delicious.  From the pizza to the pasta, it's all amazing. We just had the sausage pizza and Mediterranean salad, and we will definitely get those two again. They also have a delicious kale and apple salad! The Calamari is my all time favorite too!
Came here on Valentine's Day night because our original destination was a long 2-hr wait and doesn't take reservation. It was a cute pizzeria and offers a good variety of family style Italian cuisine. 

You create your own pizza here with toppings of your choice. We ordered the sun-dried tomato and pork sausage pizza. It is a good size. They use home-made mozzarella cheese on their pizza and the crust is well-baked. It is not the best crust i have ever had but I like it. 

We also got the meatball spaghetti and it came in a big size. The meatball is well seasoned and nicely cooked to tender and juicy.
I like this place a lot because it is quick service, good food and affordable price.
Expensive, but pretty darn good! Came here during lunch with my wife and surprised to see how big this place is. We were greeted and seated right away. Looked over menus and ordered the following

Mozz sticks- this is your typical mozz sticks. Nothing to rave about really. Didn't taste homemade to me, but it was still decent

Linguini Diavalo Frutti Mare - pasta with different types of seafood. Flavoring was on point! Tons of mussels and shrimp. I wish there was a bit more fish and the clams weren't so chopped up/tiny, but it is definately really good. A tad expensive cause I thought it was a lil small though.

Linguini with Shrimp (lunch special) - my wife ordered this, but I thought the price was great. $10 for a plate of pasta with sausage and shrimp is a good deal. The flavoring was also really good. I only had a bite though because I was enjoying my meal.

Overall: I will be back again. Service was good and food was good as well.
I love Pietro's! I accidentally stumbled upon this restaurant while doing some shopping on Walnut years ago and I've come back every year since. I moved across the country but every holiday season I stop in for lunch with my mom and it's the best! I love that the atmosphere is appropriate for family, friends, a date, and even large groups. Every person I've brought here has really enjoyed it! 

This year, I was hesitant to go to Pietro's for the first time  as a vegan. I was previously vegetarian and never had an issue finding something here. After a quick search of yelp reviews I see that they had vegan pizza. Yay! It's great that they can accommodate many dietary restrictions - there's even gluten free pizza crust! 

My five stars goes out to the amazing build your own vegan pizza. Sadly they were out of the vegan ricotta so I couldn't try that one, but I got a medium pizza with vegan mozzarella, mushrooms, sundried tomatoes and vegan pepperoni. Omg it was TO DIE FOR! I can't wait to go back next year and eat it again!!
This Italian, brick oven pizzeria is a solid choice for those times when you are either a) craving good pizza, b) have a large group out in Center City, or c) just don't know where else to go before a night out on the town. Most of time I end up here it is after a conversation that starts off as, "Hmm I'm pretty hungry we should eat before going to ____" "yeah let's just go to Pietros."

That being said, this is pretty solid Italian food. Huge family-style portions, even the "personal" sizes are fairly large. I've never had an entree that either blew my mind or made me really sad, everything is simply on par. Highlights include the penne vodka sauce, stuffed mushrooms, and the bread from the bread basket. Must. Eat. Bread.

The highlight of this place is of course the pizza. The crust is thin, crispy, and perfectly cooked. The ingredients always taste fresh. Pizza that just totally satisfies. I always get the "build your own" but the pre-made varieties are also good. 

Their wine list is not huge, and not that great. You can get an acceptable bottle for fairly cheap though. The bottled beer selection is actually pretty solid though, definitely was surprised by the selection. 

The waitresses are hit or miss. Not the biggest personalities or friendliest, but for the most part they get the job done without long waits. Almost always a table available on a walk in basis as it is a big space.
Bad service, mediocre food, and dirty plates. Not impressed with any thing going on here. Wouldn't visit again.
Last night, my GF and I went to Pietro's. We ordered Caesar salad and pizza for our entree's and asked for them to come out at the same time. The salad came out way before the pizza, which must have been a slight communication but just wasnt desired. We also asked if we could split a pizza (half of two pizzas). Our bartender indicated we could and gave no information that we could perhaps incur a charge for this. The pizza was decent and the salad was somewhat subpar ($19 for a chicken Caesar salad... should've been at most $12. Nothing special). 

When we got the check I realized the numbers didn't quite add up to what I had expected. The bartender rang in the pizza as a custom pizza which resulted in a much greater charge than the stated menu price. The medium pizza is $20. Ours came out to $28.25. A 40% markup for a split pizza is honestly ridiculous. It is not like the restaurant incurs a greater cost.  But that isn't the main issue... we were never informed of this. Had we been told it would cost any more, we would not have elected to get this pizza and would have chosen another option. When I brought this to the attention of the bartender, she wasn't entirely sympathetic so I promptly asked for a manager. 

Dave, the manager that came down, explained to us what happened. Apparently she had to ring it in as a custom pizza with a ton of add-ons. I told Dave that this ought to be conveyed to a customer. No one in their right mind would pay $28.25 for the pizza we got. He agreed there was a communication fault and adjusted the bill a bit. Apparently, it was rang in incorrectly (entirely the bartender's fault), and he took off some more. The final cost came to $22 for the pizza.

Now, if I realized a customer of mine was not properly informed of additional pricing, I would make sure (at minimum) that the bill reflected the menu price due to the communication error. Unfortunately, Dave did not do this. Dave decided to tag the $2 extra, which just seems petty at that point. If the split charges had been advertised properly or conveyed by our bartender, this all could have been avoided.

To the owner, congratulations on your additional $2 in revenue. I hope you use that money well, because you lost two future customers and we will convey this story to others. And I can guarantee to you, the future revenue streams of two customers is much greater than $2.
Packed house, but we were seated immediately and served quickly! Friendly staff!

The complimentary bread was soft and warm. The spread had a subtle taste.

Ordered the calamari and the eggplant parmesan. Both were very tasty and well cooked!! So impressed. Definitely would recommend these dishes.
Highly disappointed in this place. Ate dinner here over a week ago with a friend who was craving pizza. He also ordered the fried calamari. While we were in the middle of a conversation, I stopped him and asked "where's our bread?" I looked at the table next to us as they had their bread and dipping oil... Then I got up to use the restroom, on my way back, I caught our waitress and ask for our bread. They brought a basket of two pieces of bread, but no butter nor the dipping saucer. Whatever. We continued to break bread. The calamari came and it was gross. It must've been old bc it did not taste fresh at all. It had a rubbery texture, and was very tough to chew. The batter was over fried. The oil in their fryer needed a change. The pizza was okay. Nothing special. The waitress barely came over to check on us if we  were okay. Also, I wrote an email to the restaurant and told them about my experience hoping I would get a response back from management. No response for days. I decided to call the restaurant and told the manager. She took my name and number down and told me she would forward the message to the manager who takes care of feedback. I never heard back. So here I am, writing this poor review for them because they failed at service, customer care, and food. Sorry I'm not sorry.
If there were a half-star option, I'd have given this 3 1/2.  

Pietro's is a pretty popular place, so it gets crowded, especially for lunchtime.   However, they're on top of things when it comes to an accurate wait time, and when you are seated, you don't feel rushed.  There is very, very dim lighting, so this may be a funky little place to take someone when you are not keen on being seen, if you know what I mean.   

I have typically ordered a pizza to share amongst three or four and we've still always had leftovers.  Portions are rather large, but more so, the pizza isn't that spectacular that I want to overindulge.   

The soups are great, but for $6.99 a bowl for lunch, it never seems worth it.  

All in all, it's a good place to go when you have a small group and want to share, and you're not looking to really care about what you are eating. If I want really *delicious* Italian food, I would go elsewhere.
Big fan of Pietro's. Only been here twice, but both experiences were terrific.  They have the olive oil and bread to snack on while you wait for your meal.  Salads are huge and delicious.  The entrees are incredible.  Penne and vodka is my favorite.  Calamari, chicken parm, veal piccatta, all delicious.  Everything is so big it's basically family style.  Cozy place.  Great spot for a date or a nice meal with friends.  Really want to try their pizzas.  Can't wait to get back for another visit!
Went here a couple times for lunch and their pizza is amazing. The crust of the pizza is soft and chewy, perfectly baked!  The sauce, oh the sauce. Bursting with flavor.  I very well think it's the best pizza sauce I've ever tasted.

Prices are fair considering downtown.  About $18 per pie. Additional for toppings. It's a full on Italian restaurant, so don't expect to just buy a slice. Various pasta dishes available as well as lunch specials till 3pm.

I had a pasta dish a long time ago, but don't remember which one. I remember the sauce being very good as well. 

Definitely give it a try!
This is an excellent pizza! I thoroughly enjoyed it and it was just so well made.  The ingredients were fresh, the pizza out of the coal oven is baked to perfection, and I walk out completely fulfilled for why I went there.  It was amazing.

I Will definitely go back there.  I wouldn't mind a coal oven in my house, but I'd need someone from Pietro's to come with ingredients and a person to make it...I'll just go there to get it.
The service was very nice and that is the reason for the 2 stars.
Ordered chicken parm that came with spaghetti in tomato sauce and chicken marsala that came with mushroom risotto.
Let's start with that chicken parm - the chicken was far from being fresh, it tasted weird and the bottom of it was still a little cold - obviously it was taking out of the fridge 2-3 days after it was made, covered in cheese and put in the oven for a few minutes to melt the cheese.
The tomato sauce did not taste bad but was sweet like a jam. I often add a little sugar to a homemade tomato sauce to counter the acidity but this sauce was literally sweet like candy.
The risotto was WAY overcooked and felt and tasted more like old porridge.
The chicken marsala tasted good, was fresh and well made.
All portions were satisfying as far as the size.
I would expect a much higher quality from a restaurant on this scale - this is not a high-class restaurant but your neighborhood pizza place that sells cheesesteak, pizza and Black & Mild will have a higher quality food.
I really wanted to enjoy this meal, I didn't.
I love Pietro's. I can't help it. I've been here 3-4 times, and the big size portion of foods, the cozy atmosphere(sometimes a little too cozy), the tastiness(!!) Just makes me keep wanting to come back. Different people have different palates. What I love from this restaurant may be something someone hates. Still, you can't go wrong with fried calamari. It's the appetizer we almost always order. And their mussels in red sauce aren't bad either, though it slightly errs on the salty side. But it's perfect when dipping bread into the sauce. And their pizza selection may be small, but you can always make your own. I can't remember for sure all the dishes I've had, as it seems I wait a long interval before I usually go back for my next visit. But I don't remember thinking bad about any of the dishes I've tried. 

I've definitely had the classic spaghetti meatballs. We had the family portion for about 5-6 people. It fed about 8. Standard fare, but still good nontheless. I think we've also had the linguini fra diavolo di mare. Their pizzas are good too. I've had the barese, and possibly the four cheese one a long time ago. 

Recently, the one thing I can't stop thinking about though is their linguini cielo e mare. The creamy tomato sauce, the soft and succulent chicken, the fresh shrimp.. All combine into a food orgy in my mouth. I can't seem to tire of it. I tend to stick with something if I find it good, but I do want to try other things. Still, even if I plan another visit, I suspect all I'll think about is getting another plate of my cielo e mare!

Another thing is, they serve one bread per person, but always two different kinds: wheat and white. So you have to share to try both. You can always ask for a refill though.
Love love love this place! Although the vegetarian menu options were limited, the entrees that I did try were mouthwatering. We got the rigatoni alla vodka without pancetta, margherita pizza, and eggplant parmesan. The vodka sauce on the rigatoni was to die for- probably my favorite part of the meal! The pizza exceeded expectations as well, with a crunchy yet filling crust and flavorful mozzarella. Similarly, the eggplant Parmesan was cooked to perfection, with the perfect amount of outer crunch to offset the chewy inner eggplant.

Next time, I'd love to go back and try some of their small plate options. But honestly, even writing this review and the thought of returning to Pietro's is making my mouth water...as the Terminator would say, I'll be back!
I discovered this restaurant 5 years ago and I still love it. I have eaten at both their South Street and Center City locations, but prefer the Center City spot. On the weekends, it's best to arrive early. The outdoor seating is usually full. 

This restaurant is great for groups and you can order Family Style dishes off the menu. I highly recommend the pasta dish with the shrimp and chicken. It's my favorite!
The dude and I were in this part of Philly on Saturday around 4pm so we decided to stop by for delicious pizza (after reading good reviews on Yelp). We had so many issues with their service...

First of all, they're a bit disorganized and slow when it comes to seating people. When we got to the door, there were about 4-5 parties waiting in line (or so we thought) and crowding around the host counter. I managed to get inside and asked the hostess how long the wait would be for two and she said, "There is no wait, just give me a minute." Then she proceeded to seat random groups of people one at a time. There should have been another hostess because it took some time before she finally got to us.

So we sat down, looked over the menu for a while, and I even went to the bathroom, but we still had no waiter/waitress! Usually, they start you off right away with drinks and bread, but we had to wait. When our waitress finally made her appearance, we made the mistake of not ordering our pizza with our drinks. After getting our drinks, our waitress disappeared and we just watched as all the tables around us ate their pizzas, salads, bread... where was our bread? Where was our waitress? Some of the staff were hustling and bustling, one waiter was zipping by corners with food and we wished he was our waiter! 

Finally, our waitress showed up to take our order, thank god. We ordered the Four Cheese pizza and I wanted to add pepperoni, but she said we couldn't change any of the pizzas (really??). Fine. A minute later, our waitress comes back to us with bad news: "I'm sorry but they're cleaning the oven and you'll have to wait about 30 minutes for your pizza. Would you like to order something else like our pastas or just wait? So sorry, but it's just the worst timing!" Um, really? You're a pizzeria and you're going to clean your ovens during working hours on a Saturday? SMH.

We didn't make a big deal about it but the dude wanted to leave b/c we weren't going to sit and wait for 30 minutes! After all that, we paid for his flat soda and my $3 cranberry juice and left. All we wanted was pizza and they couldn't even do that, and they call themselves a pizzeria.
I have been eating entirely too much pizza lately.

This place is pretty good - good for groups, too. Large pies, original variety. We have gotten the sausage and fresh mozz which was very good and their margherita pizza is very good as well. Their homemade marinara is awesome.  

Their alcoholic beverages are quite large..the wine comes out in a goblet..so that's good if you're into that (which I believe I am). Either way, this place is good..not great. Not a favorite, but certainly someplace I'd return to.
Pietro's is a lovely Italian restaurant with dim-lighting that creates an intimate atmosphere for a friend get together or first date! They offer any kind of Italian dish you could imagine, all in large portions. You can opt to get dishes family style for big groups or get small entrees (which are not small at all but supposedly meant for one person). My favorite dish is the salmon served with a savory mushroom risotto. I am personally not a huge fan of mushrooms, but this mushroom risotto was so warm and fresh that I ate the entire portion. The wine selection is not that large and glasses range between $8 and $12, which is typical for any restaurant in Center City. If you are looking for a nice Italian restaurant to eat large portions with friends or family, definitely come to Pietro's!
This is a great place to go for family style italian food.  I am a big fan of family style and feeling quasi-italian by eating lots of food with the people I know around me (forgive me, I'm from NJ).  The service here is very prompt and the food is tasty.  Need a place for a birthday dinner or a relaxing bite to eat with a group? Come here!

Ideas on portion size:
-I went with four other people and we ordered a penne dish and a medium(?) pizza I believe.  We had leftovers for about 1-2 people.
-For a birthday dinner, we had ~14 people and we ordered a salad, 2 pasta dishes, and 2 pizzas and they were all gone by the end.

Hope this helps!
Came here for lunch on Thursday, and it was pretty crowded, but no wait for a table.  The waitress was in training.  She was very nice, and I ordered an iced tea (mostly ice, but free refils), and bread came out.  The bread was warm, and there's olive oil on the tables.  They also bring butter if you ask.  I ordered a salad which was very large, and came with roasted peppers, cucumbers, red onions, and slices of mozzarella.  The dressing, which I ordered on the side, was the "house" dressing, which is basically balsamic vinaigrette.  It's very oily, so I poured most of the oil out, and the dressing turned out to be pretty good.  The salad is very large and fresh, and definitely worth the $9.50 it costs.  I couldn't even finish it.  My mom had the salmon and she very much enjoyed it.  The waitress came around several times to check on us, and I think the food and service are good, so I'd come back here again.
First time at Pietro's with some colleagues! Love their entrance - it's so classy and makes you feel like you're entering a new special place, which Pietro's definitely is. The overall vibe was somewhere you would have a graduation celebration dinner or a fancier family-style birthday at. Prices are pretty standard for this tier of restaurant - compatible with Gran Caffe L'Aquila and about the same food quality but more variety on their menu (in my opinion).

Food:
-Bread at the beginning - wasn't a fan of their bread and olive oil. Wasn't served warm, olive oil and red pepper mix was very bland and seemed like a waste of carbs to me. Bread was nothing special, soft and spongy -- save your stomach room for the other dishes to come.
-Fried Calamari ($14) - very good fried calamari, generous portion and perfect texture. Pretty standard for any decent Italian restaurant and a must for any Italian dinner.
-Burrata Caprese ($14)- I've only discovered burrata recently and it's life changing! I had my first burrata at Barbuzzo and honestly, Pietro's was a bigger portion and their tomatoes tasted fresher. Not a fan of cherry tomatoes (ew) but I still ate them. Caprese and burrata is just a fresh way to start your Italian meal - would highly recommend trying.
-Linguini Cielo ($22 small/$56 family style) - wow, their family style price is steeeeep. But even their small portion could definitely feed 2 in my opinion... especially after the bread and appetizers. I wasn't a huge fan of their blush sauce because it wasn't very flavorful except for the occasional splash of garlic. The linguini was clumpy (maybe I mixed it too much..) but the chicken breast was soft and juicy so yay for that. I was debating between this and the Fettuccine Carbonara and probably should've gotten that instead, but blush sauce is a teeeeny bit healthier (less cream).
-Gemelli Arugula Pollo ($17 small/$40 family style) - if you're looking for something with a sauce that isn't too heavy, go with the gemelli arugula pollo! Their white wine sauce gives you a little taste of the heavenly white sauce, without all the calories and cream. My friend was very happy with his choice; also took about 1/4 home.
-Rigatoni Alla Vodka ($16.5 small/$38 family style) - pretty standard *insert pasta type* alla vodka dish. Pasta was cooked al dente so it was delicious. Pork pancetta was great!
-Chicken Marsala ($18.5 small/$43 family style) - My friend really liked his dish. Took about 1/3 of it home. Chicken tenders were given in generous portions and the mushroom risotto wasn't soggy, yet mixed well with the mushroom and marsala wine sauce.
-Bomba ($8) - vanilla and chocolate separated by cherry finished with chocolate coating. It looked like a chocolate shell with vanilla/chocolate ice cream inside that was sliced open like an apple with the slices splaying out. Some cherries were added on top but it was literally vanilla and chocolate with chocolate shell covering. If you're into that, but I wouldn't spend $8 on it personally. 
-Peach Sorbet ($8) - my friends ordered the peach sorbet as well and they said it was delicious! Didn't get to try a scoop but I will definitely be trying that next time I go. My friend scraped the inside of the peach clean and also tried to eat the peach itself since it was so good haha!

Total bill: ~$240 for 5 people after tax and tip (eek)

Service: No complaints. Food came out promptly, orders were accurate. Checked in at appropriate times.

Overall, would recommend their white sauce over their red/blush sauce personally. I also like white sauce better so I'm biased. Their blush sauce wasn't baaaaad, but it just wasn't as flavorful as I expected. They threw some garlic in there so when I got bites with garlic it was definitely flavorful, but a majority of the other bites were pretty unremarkable. A little disappointed about that because the waiter recommended the Linguini Cielo over the Carbonara, but Carbonara is also very standard and can be found at most Italian restaurants.. so yay for attempting to trying new things. 

For next time:
-Try more white sauce pasta dishes
-Try their pizza!
-Get sorbet instead of gelato
- went with a large group
- attentive staff
- very average italian food, a deal for the portion but not for the food itself
- each entree is enough for 2 meals
- recommend: any of the pizza
- the veal dish, though tender and generous was very bland and overall disappointing
Carb loading for the Atlantic City Marathon took a familiar tone on Friday night, 10/11/2013 in downtown Philadelphia when a friend and I decided to take a random stranger's suggestion and eat here. We were walking around downtown and looking up possible places on yelp to go to. A few bouts of indecisiveness has lead to us going into a random open store and asking someone for what they thought was good for pasta. We took that advice and headed on down to Pietro's. It turned out to be a decent choice.

Located on Walnut Street, Pietro's is a nice Italian style restaurant that serves up classic favorites in pasta and pizza. We ultimately decided on making our own pizza, since having overpriced pasta wasn't value oriented to me. At least a $20 pizza sounds more of value and cost effective than that of a $20 pasta meal. But that's just me though. The ambiance here was that of romantic and intimate. The lights were dim and it just had that feel to it. We were seated on the left side of the restaurant, near the back. Our server did her specials and we just ordered what we wanted, which was cool.

The entire experience was nice and quiet, although this place was more or less busy. Didn't mind a bit, since we were seated quickly and was in and out within an hour. I settled on making my own pizza - 16" large with eggplant and chicken breast. Never had eggplant on pizza before and I was pleasantly surprised of how that turned out. My friend also got the large 16" too, but with roasted peppers and pepperoni. We didn't get any drinks and opted for water. Simple meal for marathoners.

I ultimately ate the entire pizza in one sitting, which was astonishing, but not surprising, since I didn't really eat lunch earlier in the day. I guess I was really famished! The taste was good and delicious. Definitely a treat for someone who hasn't had pizza for quite a while and it was nice. The service was good to above average at best. Nothing really stood out, but really, it's not fine dining either. While the prices were up there, I didn't think it was fine dining. The overall experience was good and can recommend this place for all things Italian and a place for dating.

Support local!

B
I always get their pizza and Pappardella alla Toscana. Recently tried Spicy Calamari with Sausage as well. Delicious!!

Compared to other Italian restaurants, they are more casual..but little more fancier than typical pizzeria.  Service is usually pretty good but somewhat slow. 

They do delivery so that makes them cooler =)
A great option if you're looking for a family-style place to take a group.  A Family size pasta and large pizza can feed at least 4-6 adults.  Both times I've gone there, the food has been good.  But, expect to wait a long time and for it to be extremely noisy.  Reservations are not accepted on weekends.
I was there for a birthday party with 15+ people, so we ordered everything and I tried everything.  Calamari, pasta, pizza, tiramisu.  Really good food.  I would definitely go back.  My only complaint was that the meat topping pizzas weren't meat-hefty.  Next time I need to card-load before a long distance run like the Broad Street Run, I know where to go.
I wanted to love this place. It's awesome on the inside, very cool place to eat. Waitstaff was fine. Bread was awesome and fresh, salad was great. Pizza not so hot, the crust is great. I think if we ordered a simple margarita or pepperoni it would have been good. 

The weekly special pizza wasn't good. The meatballs were weird and bready, I make better meatballs.
