What a great Italian spot! I've been here a number of times and have always been pleased.

I've been on weekdays during lunchtime, and Saturday nights...there's never a wait! I don't understand why, the place is always satisfying! There are TVs for sports and great bread to accompany your meal.

I'm a big fan of the Lasagna Bolognese, but the pizza is terrific too! It's quiet here for dining on a date with a nice little bar area if you'd like to go that route.
How did Pietro's wake up? Flawlesssss! 

Pietro's is a staple of Philadelphia. While living in Philadelphia, I frequented the Rittenhouse Square location, but this was my first time here. Everything (food, drinks, ambiance) was nothing short of extraordinary. 

The Margarita Pizza was delicious with luscious sauce tomato sauce - totally drinkable. I'm typically not a pasta person, but hands down, BEST. PASTA. EVER = Rigatoni ala Vodka. The pasta was cooked to perfection and the sauce was creamy and scrumptious. I took seconds. And thirds. Could've gone for fourths. Also, I hate tiramisu, but their homemade tiramisu was one of the best desserts I've had in my life. It was flawless. I took seconds of this too... 

Mind you, I came here for an engagement party (private dining upstairs!) and the food was made catering style for 40+ people. If the chef can perfect food for that many people, major kudos to them! 

Being that I'm not in Philly that often anymore, I always want to try new spots when I'm there, but I legit have been craving Pietro's since I stepped foot out of that restaurant. Looking forward to coming back here on my next visit!
Needed a last minute reservation for a party of 7 people. In this not quite post-COVID era, finding a last minute reservation for a large party at a restaurant with decent food on the weekend is a near impossible task. I was thrilled to learn that Pietro's had availability and snagged a 7 PM reservation for Saturday night. 

The place was not very busy, only a few tables with larger parties. We had very attentive service, which is a huge plus lately with most businesses being understaffed. 

The portions are LARGE so come ready to share and avoid over-ordering, like I did. I am a fan of the Kale Salad from the Pietro's on the Main Line suburbs, so I decided to order that and the Mortadella Pizza. This was more than I could eat on my own, and I learned that the hard way. We also shared the Risotto Balls and the Crispy Calamari as starters. Others ordered the Rigatoni alla Vodka (the bite I tried was delicious), Eggplant Parm, and Cheese Ravioli. There were no complaints!

I will say that Pietro's is not the best Italian food you'll find in the city, but it is absolutely worth the price. The only issue we had was that a draft beer was served and was oddly warm. I'm not sure if the glass had just come out of the dishwasher, but the beer tasted off. There may have been an issue with the taps.

Otherwise, this was a great experience and I will absolutely return!
I can't speak to the whole menu as I order the same thing every time I go: the meditteranean salad with chicken.The salad at pietros is two things: gigantic and amazing. It's soaked in a delicious house dressing and comes with the juiciest, most delicious chicken i've ever had. Plus, chunks of feta, crisp bell peppers, whole kalamata olives, thick cucumber slices, ripe grape tomatoes and more. It is hands down the best salad I've ever had (sorry mom). And it's cheap -- big enough for 2-3 people and priced at about 11 bucks when you add chicken.  

Perfection.
awesome pizza and calamari to boot parking is a hassle but its in Philly . They have an aweson Fra Diavolo Tutti de Mare....try it ...plus the bread and service is a reason for you to be back.a little bit on the pricey side but once in a while spare the phone number Pizza's and treat yourself a little. If you like a little less stress try the Marlton Branch....Route 70
I've been to countless Italian restaurants in center city and this one takes the cake as it is definitely not just a norm spaghetti and meatball place. The pizza's always great, the individual pasta dishes serve enough for 2+, the salad's fresh and drizzled with delicious dressing and the tiramisu is to die for. 

It's a shame that their service is only average. Sometimes they're great, and sometimes not so great. But don't let that turn you off, I've been in and out of this place for years and have also been to the location on Walnut Street, the service was NEVER bad. My reccomendation: Try the Insalata Mista as a starter, Papardelle alla toscana or Mussels as an entree and go for the tirimisu or the coconut sorbet.
I was at Pietro's on a Friday night, and it was all in all a pleasant experience. It wasn't very crowded at all, but perhaps that's because it was a little later than a traditional dinner (around 7:15 or so). We sat outside, and the atmosphere was very relaxed and friendly. 

We ordered the eggplant rolantine for an appetizer, and it was delicious! Lots of ricotta cheese and sweet tomato sauce and melty mozzarella. Our pizza was great as well, again made with great mozzarella. 

It's a bit pricier than your run-of-the-mill pizza joint so I wouldn't exactly recommend it for a rowdy night out with friends, but I would recommend it for a family dinner or a romantic outing.
I was here recently and realized I hadn't reviewed it yet.

Pietro's, for me, fits squarely into a gastronomical niche that I often forgo: "Italian" comfort food. And, I always wonder why I don't get it more often. Probably because I'm a racist.

But, back to the topic at hand.

I've been here a few times. I've had their pizza, which is actually quite good - the coal oven method lends it a smokiness that really enhances any meats you may have gotten on it. I'm a fan of their carbonara, which is more "adult mac and cheese with bacon" than egg, parmesan/pecorino/romano and pancetta. Ah well. They also have these huge portobello caps stuffed with gorgonzola and garlic, with mozzarella on top - quite tasty, but can be overpowering without bread or something on the side.

It will suffice to say that I like their populist spin on Italian. Then again, the "I'm cooking for fatty Americans" mindset usually leads to the BEST cuisine, in my opinion. I think I should do some sort of food challenge here sometime. 

A note on the ambiance - it feels like a chain, but not in a bad way. As far as I'm aware, Pietro's is, in fact, a local chain. Beyond that, the gratuitous size of the dining room almost suggests a place you can only find in a suburb. Very high ceilings and a footprint that takes up the width of two Philly row homes lends more breathing room to this place than most others I can think of in the immediate area. In a weird twist, it's almost always empty whenever I've been, but, as I mentioned before, this is because I usually forgo Italian comfort food until it's 9pm on a Monday, Thursday, or Sunday, and no one else is looking for what I'm looking for.

Cheers to you, Pietro's. You were a good drunken discovery many months ago.

Pro-tip: Sharing is caring - portions are huge, so bring a friend, and fill yourself up with starches and fats before you get tanked.

Also, a lot of the hostesses there are Romanian. Not that I'm unreasonably attracted to Eastern Europeans but... oh wait - I AM unreasonably attracted to Eastern Europeans! Never mind.
Food was great, service was horrible! I go here often though. Just a few times had a bad experience with the young blonde hair lady. Wasn't being hospitable at all. But I do enjoy they're calamari and it's a great happy hour as well. Would refer to people for the fact they have a late night Sunday happy hour!
I ordered a pizza for delivery from the Pietros on south street and when eating it, bit into a piece of glass which chipped by tooth.  When I called the manager, Barry, to ask for a refund, he said that he would not give me a refund and that he did not believe me that there was any glass in my pizza. I used to love Pietro's for their pizza, salads and good beer on tap but they have lost a customer and I'll tell everyone who mentions Pietro's about the service I received.
I am consistently underwhelmed by Pietros and thuis do not eat here often,.  There are much better places IMHO to get Italian-American food.
They do make a decent pizza (but Rustica in Northern Liberties is much better) and serve large plated entrees of decent - not memorable - chicken, fish & veal.

The pasta was, indeed, al dente - which was a plus.

Service was fine - but it was crowded and very loud.  I don't like to sit outside - the whiff of auto exhaust from Walnut Street is not my idea of a fine dining al fresco experience, so we were trapped inside with the hoardes.

Don't go on a Friday night, is all I can advise.
Maybe don't go - try Le Castagne instead.  (19 & Chestnut)
i went for lunch with my gf. it was empty on a sat. but philly in the summer, everywhere is empty. the service was good. i had some kind of chicken and pasta. it was fine. not amazing. but hit the spot. my friend had some big salad. the prices were reasonable. 
it is a good spot. nothing special. i may or may not go back. i have nothing bad to say. it just didnt stand out in any way.
Really loved the decor and atmosphere of this Italian restaurant. The service was prompt and friendly. I started out with fried mozzarella, which was amazing and came out hot. The dinner rolls also came fresh from the oven. My party and I had the Margarita pizza, chicken parm with spaghetti, and ravioli bolognese. The pizza was the most loved dish of the night along with the spaghetti and ravioli. The chicken parm was ok, but was a little tough. Definitely would return for the pizza and mozzarella.
hope i don't get my ass kicked for rating mostly based on service, but it was bitchy!  except for the busboys who were genuinely concerned about their job.  ok, and the food was actually just average.  big portions though, and i will say that the mussels were quite tasty.  the salads (2 different kinds), pasta carbonara, eggplant parm, and even pizza were nothing memorable- so say the trustworthy foodies in my party.  it was a nice atmosphere though, and we did have a good time, but i'm banking on the reason for that being the company we were in.
My husband and I dined here recently because we were in the mood for some decent food on South St. We split an appetizer (the fried fresh mozzarella), which was absolutely delicious, and we split a 13" build your own pizza with ricotta cheese and italian sausage. The pizza was delicious too. 

I have a couple complaints, however. We could have gone on a night where our server wasn't having the best evening, as she seemed to be rather annoyed with us the entire time. Also, she didn't let us know about the specials (I only knew there were any because another server told their table about them). That and, since we had never been there before, we needed extra time to look over the menu. We asked her to come back twice, and by the second time she was getting pissed. I can understand annoyance, but keep it off your face and leave your attitude at the kitchen please. 

We originally tried to order the Bianca pizza and asked to add chicken to it. We were then told that they couldn't make changes to it because it was pre-made. Really? A place that boasts fresh made pizzas pre-makes their specialty pies? I really don't think adding chicken would have been that hard. 

We will be back, and hopefully we'll have a better experience the next time. And a different server.
Think Bertucci's times 5.  While they have a large menu to choose from, I typically do not stray from their pizza, which is excellent.  I also recommend trying some of their different salads which are made with great cheeses and dressings.

I have to say, I am always impressed with Pietro's even though for some reason I always am expecting less.  If you are looking for some really decent Italian food with a casual setting, you should check out Pietro's.
HOW DOES THIS PLACE ONLY HAVE FIVE REVIEWS?

Every city has a cheap but good restaurant that you know you can always get a good meal at a reasonable price at. as I think about this statement, i realize the actual restaurant is subjective. but Petrol's is definitely a top contender for this position.

Large portions at a reasonable price (two people can have a salad, dinner, and drinks for ~60) and better than most smaller more 'authentic' Italian restaurants.

If your in town on business and need a bite to eat before the hotel+laptop? this is the place.

Have a vendor in town and need a fast inexpensive but professional lunch? this is the place.

Get off work and realize that lunch sucked (or you didn't get one) and all you want to do is have a beer, some salad, and some great puttanesca? ...you get where I'm going.

finally, I don't believe I've ever had a mad waiter here. also, I think this is one of the few places where i look forward to having a specific waiter/waitress.

if you're in a large group or there with your family from out of town, sit in the back. If you're there with a friend for a relaxing evening meal, sit up front.

...the place on south street is good to; the food looses nothing.

it gets four instead of five only because its not AMAZING; its pretty darn close.
We got a table right outside and has such a delicious meal! We had appetizers of meatballs and bruschetta, both were so good! We then split two pizzas. The bread and pizza crust were amazing! Such a great, delicious outdoor dining experience!
Pietro's advertises itself as a coal oven pizzeria - and that namesake oven is housed in the back of the house. There are plenty of tables at Pietro's as well as a front-of-the-house bar where you can watch the game. If you read the reviews on Yelp, you'll notice that service may be a potential limiting factor to this establishment. True to form, service was sub-par on our recent visit.

The hostess was not necessarily friendly, but then again, not necessarily impolite. Our server was similarly disinterested and while first speaking to us, half-gazed out to the street. A lady at a nearby table - clearly in a rush - was asking for her check for nearly 5 minutes before she was able to pay and be on her way. Separately, a party had walked out the door after lunch and a harried waitress ran after them as there seemed to be issues with the check (non-payment? lack of a tip?). Either way, the waitress was in a huff and was not a happy camper. My point - the atmosphere at Pietro's was harried, huffy, though not necessarily hostile to us. We were hoping the food would overcome what is clearly delineated in the majority of the reviews on Yelp - service could be better.

Breaded Goat Cheese ($8.50)
Sautéed breaded goat cheese served with arugula and roasted peppers.

The breaded goat cheese was a nice surprise. Crispy and lightly fried - the tangy goat cheese was delicious. It was offset by the peppery arugula and sweet roasted peppers. The salad was well-dressed and not overly so. A nice start to the meal. (FYI - they offer fried mozzarella as well, which I'm sure would be quite similar in execution). 

Fried Calamari ($10.50)
Tender squid rings, lightly seasoned served with marinara sauce.

This was actually a misorder on my end - I was actually looking to order the the spicy calamari, which is sauteed with sausage as well. The regular fried calamari was decent however. The squid rings were tender - and true to the description - they were only lightly seasoned and thinly fried. I prefer a little more crispy batter to my calamari, but these were true to the squid. I wished there were tentacles as well, but alas - I should read the description better (the spicy calamari does not specify 'rings'). The marinara, however, was delicious - somewhat sweet, but well seasoned. 

Fettucine Carbonara - Small ($13.00)
Fettucine in a creamy carbonara sauce with red onions, green peas, shiitake mushrooms, pecorino cheese, and pork pancetta.

Our server did mention that the carbonara had pork pancetta in it (I mean, what carbonara doesn't?) - for those not used to pasta tossed with a fresh egg, cheese, and pancetta - this can be appreciated. My liberal use of pancetta in everything from Mac n Cheese to burger patties was offended just a tad. My simplified pork ethos in diminishing order is as follows: Pork Belly,  Guanciale, Pancetta, Bacon.

In any case, while this is all in jest, the dish itself was a bit of a joke as well. The carbonara was overly sauced - I had expected a carbonara to have the egg/cheese mixture simply clinging to the pasta, but this dish was drenched in cream sauce - clearly depicted in the picture above and, I suppose, in the description of the dish. This version is advertised with fettuccine, which was green (carbonara is usually made with spaghetti). The shiitake mushrooms imparted a slightly earthy flavor, which the GF was not fond of, but was fine with me. However, the entire dish was simply offendingly overtaken by a sweetness I could not quite place - I was not a fan. What is the point of succulent pancetta and salty Pecorino Romano when the dish is overpowered by sweetness? After a few bites, we were done. This was unfortunate, as I was thinking about a good carbonara for a few weeks now. 

Asparagus Pizza ($16.00)
13'' white pizza with ham and asparagus 

The namesake pizza was the saving grace of the meal. This pizza had salty ham and shaved asparagus on top of a white pizza. The crust was nice and you could taste the flavor the coal oven imparted onto the dough. Deliciously crispy at Pietro's and at home when I warmed it up in the oven for dinner later that night.
 
Overall, Pietro's was disappointing. I would come back for the breaded goat cheese (perhaps the mozzarella next time) and the pizza. Definitely was not a fan of the carbonara and have had better calamari. Pietro's service can also improve as well. I would say that Pietro's is middling between a bistro-type atmosphere and a chain joint where service is unenthusiastic. Hopefully, it will move more toward the former.
This place is great. We had good food, great beer and wine and even though it was a Sunday night, there was good atmosphere. They have a good selection of beer and wine and the menu is broad and has several dishes that will put you in a quandry about what to order. I liked the lighting too... not too dark, not too bright. 
Jimmy, the manager, was nice and very accommodating. He took a few minutes to chat with my group and exchange pleasantries.
While we were in Philadelphia and strolling around, we stumbled in to Pietro's while walking up and down the South Street area.  We weren't really in the mood for something heavy and we wanted a bar where we could sit and relax.  So Pietro's it was!  When we got to the restaurant around 3:30, the restaurant was virtually empty, but the hostess who bounced back and forth between the hostess stand and her cell phone she kept charging behind the bar.  We sat at the bar and waited for the bartender for a solid couple of minutes.  We ordered two beers and although Hubs got his rather quickly, mine sat under the taps as the bartender left the pour to tend to a service drink order.  Only, she forgot about my drink and it sat there for a few minutes until I had to politely ask.

We split the arancini appetizer.  The marinara sauce was nothing special, but the arancini itself was quite delicious.  For an appetizer, it was perfect to split because it was just enough, especially when the bread basket came out!

We also split a simple medium cheese pizza.  It came straight from the oven to the bar and was served HOT.  My favorite was that although the crust was a little thick, there was a distinct crunch to it and that made it all the better.  The sauce wasn't memorable, but it was clear that the cheese fresh and certainly not processed and that's what saved this review from 2-stars.  

The food was decent, the pizza was delicious, but the service left a lot to be desired.  As mentioned previously, we were practically the only ones in the bar and it was just us and the bartender and the hostess who kept moving from the hostess stand to her cell phone behind the bar.  When the second bartender showed up, we could hear their conversation about their previous night's drinking escapades.  Lovely.

It wasn't a cheap lunch by any means, but it hit the spot and the food (overall) warranted the price for a quick and easy meal.
REWRITE - I have been back a few times since first review and am now a fan. (I wanted to love this as a convenient neighborhood affordable Italian restaurant). What was really good are the variety of cocktails, wine, etc at a great price and really good Sangria with fresh fruit in it. Pizza is wonderful. The Siciliano salad was large and wonderful and small portion enough for three or four to share for a starter. The entrees we ordered were weak and I think that for future visits I would stick to Salad, pizza, cocktails.  We ordered veal limone (instead of chicken limone) - That was $24.00!! A lot of this type of restaurant.  It is not fine dining. There were three pices of veal - not very tender - not very lemony at all. I give it two stars. Then, we had Rigatoni Bolognese - The lemon chicken or chicken marsala are also very good. The portions sizes here are very large. 
It's a very large two story interior with nice lighting in one section - It has been there since the mid-nineties and has a certain charm to it... It is a huge place...
As a preface, I came here with a group of about 20 people, and our menu was preset. However, I still think this allowed me to try a variety of their dishes and I got a good feel of what this restaurant is like. The restaurant is pretty big, and is able to accommodate big groups well. We were given our own space which was nice. 

For our appetizer, we got some two types of salad, one being a Caesar, and the other one some sort of garden salad. They were okay - nothing special. The rolls that they served us were kind of hard, and weren't very good. We also got margherita pizza, which was very good. Since the place is a pizzeria, I would say that the pizza is definitely your best bet. 

For our main course, we got some penna vodka, and eggplant parmesan. Both were above average, though tasted like what you would get at your run-of-the-mill Americanized Italian restaurant. 

The dessert included tiramisu and cheesecake, both of which were, frankly, terrible. The tiramisu was like some sort of dry cake with cream on top, and the cheesecake was not flavorful. 

Overall, I feel like this is a pretty average Italian restaurant, but a pretty good pizza place.
Stopped in here while on vacation simply because the sign said something about 'family restaurant' and we had a 3 and 5 year old with us.  I had low expectations based upon the exterior and the fact that they put the word 'coal' in their name which conjures up all sorts of images--but not ones I associate with good food.

While the kids menu left much to be desired, Italian food is pretty kid friendly as is. All the food was very fresh and easily surpassed all our expectations. Prices were very reasonable and the service was fine.  Should we return to Philly, we will likely return to Pietro's.
Mediocre food. Seafood pasta was definitely not fresh and fra diavola sauce was not spicy at all. I didn't feel well after eating it. Tiramisu was good however.
If you are looking for a casual laid back italian eatery this is the place to go in downtown Philadelphia. Their Caesar salad is wonderful with just the right taste. I usually order the chicken parmigiana which comes with a great spaghetti and the top of the chicken has fresh mozzarella cheese backed onto it. The staff is usually very friendly and prompt unless they are extremely busy. This is a great place for a good italian meal at a decent price.
Best Italian pizza I had since my trip to Rome. The ingredients were fresh. The service was amazing. Great ambiance.
My favorite place to order pizza from in this area (via grubhub). It always gets to my apartment quickly and piping hot. I've also ordered the lasagna- which is delicious and full of meat- love it and the spaghetti and meatballs. Most places give you one meatball, but I got three large meatballs. I had leftovers for lunch the next day! They also include delicious rolls with the entrees. My sister ordered the tiramisu, and it was delicious. Perfect consistency and sweetness. Will most certainly return!
Came here for dinner and some appetizers after a long day of being a tourist in Philadelphia. We were able to sit at a table near the window so we could people watch. I ordered a local beer on draft. The service was great and it seemed to be pretty authentically Italian. We ended up getting the risotto balls and stuffed meatballs. Wow. The sauce was amazing and really set these dishes apart. They did bring us a basket before our meals with hot, fresh bread and oil to dip in. A little too much rosemary in the oil for my preference but we all really enjoyed our time here!
Yo this place is the shyt. If you is a bonafide hustla/certified G, you have to try their calamari. The pizza is also real good.
Such a warm and inviting place! I went here with my family and such a cute atmosphere. The place is rather large but the decor makes it feel warm and inviting.  Staff went out of their way to make us feel welcomed and comfortable. The food was amazing.  We ordered the calamari and it was crisp and delicious. The portions were huge and we make the misfortune of getting a couple of appetizers before the entrees came.  Needless to say, we left with lots of leftovers.  You can't go wrong with the pasta dishes, we had lasagna, short ribs, spinach ravioli, and the gemelli.  So good - no one was able to finish it.  Go with a big appetite and you will not be disappointed!!
Great option for reasonably priced Italian food.  Everything is consistently delicious, my only complaint is the back part of the restaurant is extremely dark.  

The chicken parmigiana is one of the best in the city, crispy with plenty of cheese.  Another favorite is one of their arugula salad with sauteed chicken.  It's got a wonderful sweet honey and olive oil balsamic.
The inside is beautiful, the staff is welcoming and the food is fantastic. For what you pay, they give you so much that you have a meal to take home! When I was there five years ago I felt as though the portion size was small, they must have made changes for the better
My family and I came here while in town for a fast pitch softball tournament for our daughter. We stopped here while walking because my daughter wanted Pizza and I an soo happy she did..this has got to be some of the best pizza I have ever had and we just had the 4 cheese pizza I am scared of what would have happened if we got some toppings (would have never left). If you are in area please stop by and eat here you will not be sorry.
Pietro's does not deserve four stars. The food is very good. The atmosphere is nice for South Street. The service is friendly, but lacks any urgency. Our Caesar salad was flavorless aside from the sharp cheese served in slices atop the greens. The house Chianti was awful, but I muscled it down. You get what you pay for. But the real kicker here is the fact that one cannot order a "specialty" pie in any size but medium, or 13". We wanted a large spinach pie, and were told in a very practiced and almost exasperated way that we could only get what was on the menu no substitutions no additions no subtractions. This means that even if we wanted to pay over $25 for a 16" pie, we could not have the large spinach pie, because the pine nuts are not available as a topping in the "create your own pie" section. So Pietro's loses points not just for being less than customer-friendly, but also for being bad at trying to rip people off! Pietro's: if you are going to force me into the a la carte menu, make sure ALL of the offerings are available at the marked-up price. 
Also, while the restaurant had a lot of children in it, it was not "child-friendly" by any means: no crayons, nothing to keep the kids occupied, knives, salt, pepper, hot pepper already on the table, enormous glass tumblers brimming with water served to everyone immediately, etc. If you are going to seat tons of kids, have something for them to do, and have a policy against parents letting the kids run in the aisles.

First and last visit; there is as-good and better pizza to be had in many nearby locations.
Wound up here at a last minute decision for dinner, after hanging for the game at The Irish Times. Never been here before, the food was better than I expected. I was actually thinking this as chain type of  food. I had a great Veal dish that was one of the better ones I have in the city. The Stuffed Shrip app was delicious. The waiter was great and the ambiance was perfect and it wasn't  really loud but more of moderate noise level.

We will be returning to Pietro's in the future. I want to try the pizza next time in!
You wouldn't expect this place to be outstanding as it looks like just another Italian eatery.

The outdoor seating initially lured me in, but the food keeps me as one of their advocates.

They always serve the best warm bread (why is warming bread so difficult for other restaurants to understand?) and have some great entrees.

Lemon chicken is pounded thin and covered in a thick lemon sauce.   Their Pappardella alla Toscana is a cream sauce, with sun-dried tomatoes, onions, shittake mushrooms, white wine, marsala wine and peccorino cheese. Not what you'd expect but absolutely perfect and you can get lunch for two for easily under $30.
Delicious!! I was next door purchasing my wedding dress and I made reservations for 7:45PM, it was close to that time so I called over and told them we might be cutting it close since I am next door paying for my dress. The guy on the phone was so kind and told me not to worry about it that we would be taken care of as soon as we walked in. Server came right over to get a drink order and brought over bread with oil (which is my fave). I ordered the rigatoni Vodka which had a different twist to it with pork, which was good. I could have done without the pork. My friend got the four cheese pizza I had a slice and that is all I am thinking about right now. Another friend ordered an Arugula salad, which seemed delicious. My mom ordered I believe was the braised ribs, she said was awesome. My gram ordered a parts dish with chicken and shrimp, which she also loved.  The dishes are a pretty good portion. Our server was Jacqueline who was great, would come over to check on us and so on. We were in and out pretty quick, which was good since we had to drive back to NJ. I will be back if I am in the area for sure!
Very noisy!!  There was a large group next to us so that might have been the problem. We were immediately seated (tables on the small side). Waitress took our drink order and fresh bread was brought to the table ( still warm - yum).  We ordered the bruschetta as an appetizer. Very good.  We ordered a large pizza. Excellent. The pepperoni was a ticker cut and everything was fresh. I would highly recommend this restaurant. Service was great.
Solid food, but the prices are a bit steep for generic Italian food.  The pizza was good - traditional coal/wood oven type pizza with fresh ingredients.  Pasta dishes were generic.  Eggplant parm, Chicken marsala with "wild" mushrooms (as wild as the portobellos you get at super walmart).  Fried risotto balls were fun to eat, mainly because it's a fried ball of rice and there aren't many globe shaped foods you can eat in one bite - meatballs, melon balls, mozzarella balls, doughnut holes...hmm, I digress.  No real interesting flavors here, but everything is tasty, albeit a bit pricey.
We had a delicious margherita pie, the kids had a generous portion of spaghetti and meatballs. Our waitress was so sweet and attentive. Prices were totally reasonable and we would definitely return should we find ourselves in Philly again!
Pietro's is one of my favorite place to go to. Clean restaurant with reasonable prices, want good food- We head to Pietro's. Always great service. Always satisfied. Get everything the Square has to offer without the heavy price tag.
We took a group of 72 (HS Band) to Pietro's this past Saturday night. We were heading back to VA from Boston and planned on arriving at 7:00pm. With traffic we were delayed almost an hour and half. When we got there Beri and his team had every table with 2 large bowls of salad ready and waiting for us. The restaurant has a warm, welcoming feel to it and the section he had us in was perfect. It was so nice for the kids and adults to come in, sit down and start eating right away. Soon after we arrived the hot pizza's came out. The pizza's were delicious and the students raved about the entire meal on the way home. This was a perfect way to end our trip. Thank you Pietro's for your accommodation's and hospitality on Saturday.
I havent eaten inside for maybe 10 years but yesterday my girlfriend went there for baby shower and brought me back a whole fresh pizza.  From the crust to the cheese and the home made sauce, its very evident how fresh it was. I dont eat pizza that frequently just because of the carbs, but this is one of the best pies I have ever tried. I had it with mushrooms and sausage and it was delicious. I will come here for lunch soon to try some other food.
Sometimes you walk down the streets where you spend your early adulthood with a sense of fond amusement. Remembering the good times from where you hung out with friends, to some late night drinking and antics, you'll always have your memories. And now as I get older, it's good to know that some things still say the same, and Pietro's is definitely one of them. Avoid the hustle and bustle of the busier parts of South Street and head toward the end of it for this great spot.

Atmosphere - So this would be the only area where Pietro's lost points. A bar that bartenders literally had to crawl under, topped off with a register underneath an air cooling pipe dripping condensation on them. Not fun, but overall a well stock bar with good drafts and bottles on tap, plus a full service of drinks available behind them. The dining area, a bit meh for my tastes. Very plain table tops and white walls for the most part, with a few TV's strewn throughout. I remember being here a few years ago and it not looking like this, perhaps a remodel was done? Anyway, the weak point of my visit by far.

Waitstaff - Our waiter Eddie was personable and friendly, and patient while we tried to pick our entrees. Made sure to bring over waters when they were needed and got our orders in and out within a pretty good timeframe. Got a bit distracted during the end of the meal, but overall was a good experience.

Food - Just an outstanding food experience here. We started with the fried calamari, which was lightly fried with a robust tomato sauce. Perfect amount of flaky, with no chewiness to the thick chunks for squid. Our table split a margarita pizza which was amazing. Perfect crust along with delicious mozzarella cheese along with that delicious tomato sauce again. I went with the Chicken Marsala dinner which had great chunks of mushroom and a lightly sauced chicken breast flattened and cooked to perfection. Add in a hearty mushroom risotto and this dinner hit the mark on all fronts.

Intangibles - Outdoor seating is available if it's a nice night, much better then the drab interior if you're eating there. Food has both individual and family style dining options if you're going with a large group, makes it easy to get things everyone would like. Staff was overly friendly and helpful from the hostess to the bartender to our waiter, definitely gets high marks for their ability to relate to customers.

Overall - Pietro's is a good restaurant in an area that really needs to come back in when it comes to drawing some older crowds back to South Street. Their food and staff are extremely worth the cost of dining (and parking it coming from outside the city), just a bit more work on the interior and this would easily be a five star experience going forward.
I am a fan! Went for Sunday brunch, ordered: Uova Al Piatto Spinach E Uovo, translation: Sauteed spinach, eggs, cream, cilantro & parmesan cheese. Can you say: A - Mazing! 

Only reason it got 4 vs. 5 stars, $13 and a small portion (or I was hungry and just wanted more, it was that good!) 

Friends ordered Salad & Pizza, it all looked amazing. Plus, service was great. I will be going back!
I have always liked Pietro's and I am a "pizza-snob" New Yorker. The food is very good, so is the pizza and the service is always solid. 

Normally I visit the location in Rittenhouse, but I had the pleasure of lunch at the South Street location. A lot less crowded and the lunch special was great.

Pasta Fagioli and Risotto alla Pollo. Both were great and for around $10 you can't beat it. On top of that the service from Lauren (working the bar) was great as well. Almost gave it a perfect 5, but maybe closer to a 4.5. Love this place
It was between three and four stars for Pietro's for me-The deal with Pietro's is ordering the right thing. The second time I ate here I ordered a pasta dish with arugula and tomatoes in a garlic broth with chicken, it sounded lovely but was not particularly enjoyable. I went back for lunch and ordered the lunch special, the margarita pizza and the chicken caesar salad. The salad was honestly one of the BEST caesar salad's I have EVER had! The dressing tasted freshly made, the chicken was juicy and delicious, and there were large pieces of parmesan reggiano on top. The pizza was delicious as well. The only reason I am giving it three stars is because a truly great restaurant, every dish would be great, but I am a fan of pietro's and recommend the pizza. It is a great spot to sit outside and have a good lunch.
Surprisingly good for what it is; I much prefer this location due to less crowds and a nicer ambiance. Nice place to take your family too, and not bad for a date either, actually, if you can agree on what you want. Prices are slightly high, but nothing TOO crazy.

Favorite Items:

Pasta Fagioli soup, bruschetta, calamari, Mista salad, Siciliana salad.

Pasta: Eggplant Parm, Rigatoni alla Vodka, Cheese Ravioli (with tomato sauce)

Classics: Chicken Limone, Shrimp Ravioli, Veal Marsala, Veal Limone

Pizzas: Four Cheese, Piccante, Roma, make your own pizza
Pietro's is a great, reasonably priced restaurant. It's convenient to Penns Landing and Headhouse Square. They serve dishes in individual or family style.

I've had a variety of dishes here. My favorite is definitely the Chicken Caesar Salad. The salad is fresh, their chicken is DELICIOUS and the chunks of Parmesan cheese just seal the deal. I've had a few varieities of pizza and pasta dishes that were all delicious.

I would recommend this place to anyone coming into the area.
Had an amazing time dining at pietros! Food was great and service was wonderful! Will definitely be back!
After picking up my famished girlfriend from a Bikram session she immediately requested a brick oven pizza.  Having been in the neighborhood earlier and not feeling up to detective work, we decided to head down to Pietro's knowing exactly what to expect considering we frequent the NJ location for lunch often.  I decided to get the vegetable appetizer and a side of grilled chicken and my girlfriend ordered a medium pizza with some veggie toppings.  My vegetable plate was perfect for lunch, all grilled and soaked in olive oil and also coming with goat, Parmesan, and feta cheese.  When ordering a side of grilled chicken or getting it on top of a salad, both Pietro's give you a large portion to fill your protein needs.  For chain brick oven pizza, we have both decided that Pietro's has overtaken Bertucci's as the place to order a custom pie.  Top all this off with the fact that it was a beautiful day and there is an open air seating area right next to the bar and I was definitely satisfied with my experience.
everyone loves this place for the pizza. i mean, the pizza is good but the pasta in this joint is TO DIE FOR. homemade bolognese sauce, carbonara and vodka pasta varieties. they even allow variations of the pasta dishes in case you don't like or want additional ingredients. everytime i eat here, i'm in heaven.
Great venue for a party. I recently had my daughter's Bridal shower there, approx 50 guests. The pizza, calamari & salad were fabulous as was the penne ala vodka and chicken parm.  And desserts. All the guests commented on how good the food was! The venue was perfect with optional outside seating, large dining room and large bar with 2 personal bartenders. Service was great! Thank you Angelo for your help planning the  bridal shower! My daughter said it was perfect! Highly recommend Pietro's on South st
Pietro's Pizzeria located in South Philadelphia offers many delicious, true Italian meals that will leave you wanting to return. Pietro's fried mozzarella is clearly made fresh as it arrives at your table warm and ready to eat with a dish of marinara dipping sauce. The menu offers a wide variety of pizzas, salads, and pastas along with many different options of appetizers. The home-made pizza has fresh mozzarella cheese spread atop the handpicked, delicious tomato sauce. Along with the mozzarella sticks, there was bread rolls. These rolls came straight out of the oven and tasted amazing with the homemade olive oil. A side of ceasar salad goes along perfectly with the pizza. The smooth dressing and cherry tomatoes add a wonderful taste to the salad. The scrumptious meals for both families and couples make a great experience. Along with the food, Pietro's service was very good. We were never left waiting. Even with a party of seven, our food was out in reasonable time and it tasted excellent. Our waitress frequently checked upon our table making sure that our food was acceptable and was looking to see if we needed anymore drinks. Our waitress and different servers  provided a constant flow of food and drinks to our table as we wanted. Overall the menu and service should receive 4/5 slices for this delicious pizzeria.
The pricing of this restaurant was very affordable. If you had a bigger party, they offered a "family" size meal which could be shared amongst everyone. This made it much easier to order and it made our meal much cheaper. The food was very well priced and no one meal's price stood out above the others. The lighting and decor in Pietro's made the meal just that much better. All of the silverware and dishes had very clearly been washed. The lighting in the restaurant was perfect. It was not too bright to the point where you got a headache, but it was not too dark where you couldn't see what you were eating. At no point did I feel like everyone in the restaurant was shoved together. All of the tables were evenly spaced and they were not too close to each other. If it were a nice spring or summer day, Pietro's offered outdoor seating which gave the restaurant a very nice curb appeal. The bathrooms in the restaurant were very clean and it great condition.  
Overall Pietro's Pizzeria was a very welcoming restaurant that I would recommend to almost everyone. The meals and service were outstanding. The dishes were cooked fresh and came out to the table warm and ready to eat. Pietro's was a very reasonably priced place to eat and offered many different kind of Italian food that would please everyone. Pietro's Pizzeria as a whole should receive a 4.5/5 slices rating.
Pietro's was OUTSTANDING! I have dined at numerous restaurants in the Philadelphia area and Pietros was definitely one of my top 5. Maybe even top 3. I had the Chicken Parmesan with penne pasta and it was truly to die for. The portion was larger than I expected and well worth the price of $18. I had amazing service during my dining experience and interacted with many restaurant staff, all of whom were pleasant and helpful. Received an excellent bottle of wine for a decent price as well. Finally, the bread was warm and delicious and served with excellent oil and butter. Overall, I will definitely be back once I come home from Orlando. Thank you for everything Pietros- keep up the great work!
Came for dinner on a Saturday evening with a group of 4- I had a reservation, but it wasn't necessary, which I found surprising for dinner on a Saturday. Our waitress was attentive and sweet, but seemed almost timid and did not seem to understand some English. We also were asked to move tables because they forgot about a large party that was coming in, but asked incredibly nicely and apologetically. To thank us/apologize for the inconvenience, they gave us a large plate of complimentary dessert!

We ordered two medium pizzas, one "make your own" (half sausage/ mushrooms and half plain), and one "Brussels" pizza. For the Brussels, we asked for no pork and asked to sub spinach instead. However, we were not willing to do this. The waitress said we could remove items, but that the kitchen would not add or sub items, which I thought was a little odd. But no big deal. 

Regardless, the pizza was delicious- easily my new favorite pizza in the city. The Brussels pizza was incredible, very different! We also ordered the small Cesar salad to share, and it was plenty for 4 of us- it came with large chunks of Parmesan in addition to grated Parmesan, but overall I found the dressing to be a bit heavy handed and too bitter/salty. I probably wouldn't order the Cesar again, but look forward to coming back and exploring the rest of their menu! 

I've also booked them for my rehearsal dinner for my wedding, and was able to see the private room upstairs- which was perfect. Can't wait!
The owner or manager is extremely rude. He got in my face and started screaming. We were the only people in the restaurant and we ordered pasta and a pizza. We checked the time when we ordered and it was 11:26. At 11:56 I went to the back where the  manager was and asked what was taking so long and explained we had to leave by 12. I understand it was rushed, but I wrongly assumed the food wouldn't take that long, because no one was in there. The manager yelled in face and clenched his fists. I knew he was holding back hitting me. Long story short, the mozzarella sticks were gross and the manager with the Napoleon complex really needs to learn how to speak to customers.
Nope nope nope.  Had takeout order for family dish of cielo y mare.  When I opened it, I was extremely disappointed!! All pasta!!! 6 shrimp and 8tiny slices of chicken- I actually counted because I couldn't believe it.  $60 for a tray of sauced pasta.  I guess pietros expects people to cUt the already tiny shrimp  and chicken to distribute amongst your family.  
Wayyyyy overpriced for what you actually get.  If you are the type of person that wants to spend $60 for a pound of sauced noodles- pietros is the place to go. Lesson learned. No more pietros.
Was here in late May. Quality of salads and pastas has gone down compared to what I have had in the past here. Pizzas are still pretty good and I could easily recommend them. In terms of pasta, I had homemade cheese ravioli. The ravioli themselves were pretty good, but the sauce tasted somewhat like canned spaghetti sauce that I could get from the supermarket. Given that the price is like $17/$18, thanks, but no thanks.

Beer selection and drinks selection is pretty good, with a solid happy hour deal in the bar area. But next time I go back, I'll just order the pizza most likely.
Food was fresh and amazing. You can tell that everything was whipped up right before they serve it to you. Comes with hot fresh rolls when you sit down. Pizza was brick oven and the ingredients tasted like farm to table. You won't regret visiting this establishment.
We ate at this place before on a late tip with some friends. It was a Saturday and they were about to close so we ordered apps and drinks.  We decided to give them an actual go so we could try more. 

My girlfriend and I decided to go last night for dinner to get out the house.  We were seated immediately. There weren't too many ppl seated on the inside. Our waitress was pleasant so that was a plus! 


We loved the Calamari that we tried the first time so we ordered it again as an appetizer. It was delicious. She ordered pasta with chicken and shrimp and a blush sauce. I can't remember the name and I ordered the chicken limone or something like that.  Both dishes were good, I actually liked the flavor in my girlfriends dish more than mine. Mine was good but they def make sure you can taste the lemon in the dish. Which I get it, it's supposed to have a lemon taste but I guess I wasn't ready lol. 

The rolls were good but not the olive oil and herbs mixture. Serve it with garlic butter or the marinara sauce which is excellent. 

Would we come back ? I think so to give it another go.
This was an interesting experience. The food was really good. We had mozzarella sticks and the Pietros pizza. The mozzarella sticks were AMAZING and the pizza was pretty good. 

However the service was a bit off. Our server was pretty frantic and couldn't open the bottle. The busser seemed to be drunk and kept slamming bread baskets on our table even though we already had a full basket. This happened at least three times. 

I would give this place another try, the food was really good
