Pine fish has been bookmarked for a lil while!  Glad I finally got to check it out!  I love the interior boho chic vibe!  
The waitstaff were friendly and I was eager to take part of that Happy Hour menu!
$1.50 Oysters/shrimp or clams..I had the Oysters...They were from Vermont...Fresh and Large!

$6 Martinis/Wine or Beer
I tried the Vodka Martini and a Whiskey Sour...both delicious!

Bang Bang Shrimp was great..the sauce put it over the top!

The meaIs we decided to try the scallops and the salmon...both cooked well!  Flavorful and nice portions!

I would definitely come back for Dinner or Happy Hour...good vibe!
The ambiance is eclectic but nice. We came on a Sunday for Happy Hour . I had mussels, $1 oysters and shrimp. My hubby had crab balls , the smoked trout balls and the lobster bisque soup. Everything here was just okay. Nothing special about anything except a glass of Prosecco for $5! The crab bisque soup looked darker than standard options available elsewhere and it was 'just okay' as quoted by my husband. The Smoked Trout balls were flavorful but too much bread filler.

During our visit the service was all over the place with what appears to be servers spinning around doing a bunch of nothing. The service was average, not negative but not special, same for the food. The parking is too hard to come by around here for another lackluster dining experience.
My boyfriend and I went here for dinner during Restaurant Week and I left with so many mixed emotions. 

I'm going to start of by commenting about the atmosphere and decor. This little spot located in Washington Square is GORGEOUS and so unique! From the exquisite chandeliers, plush chairs and couches, and beautiful pillows and throws, my head was spinning just trying to capture it all! Before we were approached by the waitress, I couldn't help but think "where are we going to sit?!" since there is very limited seating. Little did I know that there is a larger room located on the side that has additional table seating. That is where we were seated. 

I chose the following items off the restaurant week menu: 1) Lobster Bisque, 2) Duck Fat Fries, 3) Garlic Shrimp, and 4) Carrot Cake. Although nothing was mind blowing, the Lobster Bisque and Garlic Shrimp  was good and took precedence to the Fries and Carrot Cake. Both were flavorful in their own ways. They were also very filling. The Duck Fat Fries just tasted like regular fries to me. I wish there had been something unique about them. The Carrot Cake was rather dry. 

I also tried the Fried Cauliflower and Pan Seared Salmon that my boyfriend got. The Fried Cauliflower was definitely an acquired taste. Very salty and kind of bitter. I felt like they had gone a little too far with the anchovies. The Salmon was delicious! I actually liked it more than the Garlic Shrimp I had gotten! The only downfall was that it was so small in size, especially for Restaurant Week's main course meal. 

I'm giving Pinefish 3 stars because although the food was a little underwhelming, our waitress was very attentive and the restaurant is beautiful and perfect for a date night. I can only hope that one day I will have a room in my home decorated just like that! #GOALS
The food there is pretty good, shareable small and large plates. Seafood and veggies are nicely cooked and seasoned. The bad part is atmosphere and restaurant set up. The kitchen is open with apparently no fans, the entire place is smoky and surrounded by cooking smell, leaving customers choking on smoke and smell like bbq for days...
I am shocked and betrayed from all of amazing reviews as my restaurant week experience fell below all expectations across the board. 

We came here to celebrate a romantic date without the kids, lured in from all of the eclectic decors posted on the website. However, when we got there, we got whisked away into the back room, with mismatching tables, poor lighting and dirty food-ridden restaurant floors. Our waitress was very sweet and pleasant, although seem to be fairly new at the job, not offering to bring water at the beginning and never stopping by to refill the empty glass for the remainder of our meal.

For food and drink, I must admit that I can't recommend any of them. My wife tried two of the drink options, both were syrupy in texture, excessively sweet, and tasted like cough medicine. And for the food, it is as if the decimal point for all the seasoning (especially the salt) got moved one spot to the right. Everything, from the salad to the fish were unreasonably salty. In fact, neither my wife nor I could remove our wedding rings before the dessert came. My special warning AGAINST the crabcakes, it looks and tastes as if someone chewed up a pair of normal crabcakes and spit it out in a circular mold and sprinkled on more salt and pepper to mask the post-masticated mess. I got the crab filled flounder, which sounds great, until you see it and taste it in real life: each bite smelled and tasted like hot salty mayonnaise, shame, and frustration. The slab of sauteed spinach was equally bland and salty that it begged to be eaten to be put out of its misery.

This, of course, compounds the fact that these two dishes came out about thirty minutes after our salads. There were a total of 4 patrons in the entire restaurant, so I have no idea why the wait was so long.

Towards the end, we couldn't handle our gastronomic disappointment and had to take the dessert to go.

I don't know if the restaurant just had a bad day or decided to change their menu completely without taste testing it first. However, unless serious changes occur, I do not recommend anyone to come here under any circumstances.
We came here on a date this past Saturday.  We decided to order several plates and just share because we were extremely hungry. We ordered the scallops with mashed potatoes, grilled lobster with corn pudding, jumbo crab cakes with roasted potatoes, Brussel sprouts, and Mac and cheese. 

The food was extremely tasty, my favorites were the Mac and cheese and the grilled lobster.  Although the lobster was amazing the corn pudding that accompanied it was not my favorite.  We had plenty more options though so I ate those instead.  The crab cakes were full of if lump crab meat with no fillers.  The scallops were okay but I do wish they were seared on each side.   

All in all it was a really nice meal and I'd love to try more of their menu.
Pinefish is solid.

Sitting at the bar on Thursday night is a nice place to sit with the Eagles on TV.  The service staff including the owner was personable and friendly.  I consider this to be the best part of my Pinefish experience as friendly conversation is always welcome.

The Short Rib entree came recommended by a couple sitting next to me and was quite honestly bolstered by the fact that I saw a massive completely cleaned rib bone on their plate.  A good indication that the rib was tasty for sure.  Given that I had skipped lunch that day I was currently looking forward to a rib sticking meal.  The Short Rib itself was tender and delicious.  It wasn't the best I've had but certainly very tasty.

The Key Lime Pie was good.  It wasn't the best I've had and it was slightly dense and didn't feel homemade but it did serve to finish the meal nicely.  

The New England Clam Chowder soup starter was underwhelming.  It was certainly rich but wasn't loaded with fresh clams as I was hoping it was.  It definitely begged for a few turns of the pepper mill.

I'll be interested in coming back based on the friendly vibes and to try the crab cake as I hear that's a restaurant favorite.
I came here for happy hour with two of my coworkers and the food was phenomenal - as was the service. 

First off, the decor of this place is SO LOVELY. It's got a hipster vibe and definitely VERY instagrammable!! 

The dollar oysters for happy hour were pretty good for dollar oysters, so no complaints there. Definitely among the better ones I've had in philly. I actually came a little late, but the waitress was nice enough to extend the time of happy hour! 

We ordered the cauliflower and Brussels sprouts and both were great as well! I thought the Brussels sprouts were a bit oily, but the cauliflower was amazing!! 

Now the BEST dish was definitely the salmon. It was cooked to SUCH a good texture that it literally melted in your mouth!! It's a bit small, but so delicious that it's worth it. The sauce that the salmon comes in is also amazing. We ended up dipping everything in that sauce and it made everything taste better!! 

Really no complaints here. The atmosphere, the service, and the food at this restaurant is amazing and i would definitely come here again.
Philly needs more seafood centric restaurants, and Pinefish definitely lands in that category.  It's a great location, the service is friendly and warm, and the menu is interesting in a good way.  

We enjoyed the eclectic seating arrangements, the canvas menus are a great touch, and I LOVE a Saturday happy hour.  Unfortunately, the happy hour is where the problems began for me.  Their website says that oysters and clams are $1 each, but the clams were banished from the HH menu.  The Allagash was the happy hour beer for $5, but it's also $5 on the regular menu.  I don't like it when a place lures people in with a happy hour, and then it's not so happy.

On top of that, the prices are very high for the size of the plates.  I know seafood isn't cheap, but they're really pushing it with these prices.  That being said, the crab cake was delicious and the scallops were perfectly cooked.
I would give Pinefish 2.5 stars. The restaurant is a little deceiving from the outside and definitely not what I expected when I walked in. 

The food was okay - nothing that shouted fantastic to me. Service was pretty slow too. Our table ordered 2 dozen oysters and it took about 30-40 minutes for them to shuck them and bring it to our table.

I did enjoy the fact that they had happy hour deals for both food and drinks until 7pm. Our waitress, Emily was also super sweet and upbeat.
You can't polish a turd should be the slogan for this restaurant.

The Chorizo Benedict is unedible, full of fennel, burnt, musky taste....I don't know what it is but it isn't chorizo. Also, when the bill comes its 15 on the bill and 14 on the digital menu....really guys, how many other items are you marking up and customers aren't catching really poor practice.

Took over 15 minutes after sitting to bring water, but don't worry that slow service stayed consistent as my date finished her drink and was going to order another but our table wasn't checked up on. I ordered the End of the Rainbow drink which is suppose to have vodka, ginger beer among some other ingredients in there....why is this coming in a Martini glass...did you run out of ginger beer and just not put it in another fail.

I ordered the soft shell crab benedict for $19 and one drink total bill $75. Also, when I recieved a copy of the bill electronically it looked as though they split the whole thing down the middle including tip as they STAND over you as you write in the tip as you are using their IPAD to check out after eating...classy...that was a first. (Aside from the point that is ridiculous the point I am making is when you recieve your bill electronically it shows what the total tip was for the whole party, poor practice again and if my date and I tipped different amounts I have a hunch it would have just been split, you get the point, either rookie owners or they just don't care. Hope your experience is better then mine if you dine here and as always SYOY!!
Suzanne Duncan Lees
14 mins
A mother's day gift from my daughter landed us at Pine Fish, in center city (1138 Pine Street) for happy hour drinks and apps today. The place had a cozy feel with almost a Bohemian decor. Tables, and even a couch and ottomans surrounding a coffee table in the front of the restaurant, so different seating options. The happy hour menu (pictured) features $5 wines and martinis,( You had me at $5 martini). We had the following:

(4) clams on the half shell, Huge and fresh
(16) oysters on the half shell, sweet and delicious
**mignonette, cocktail sauce, mango soy sauce
Buffalo Shrimp (3) dusted with almond flour and fried, on a sweet buffalo sauce with a mound of blue cheese as a base 
Soft shell sliders, good, not outstanding
Scallops, watermelon ceviche--plump scallops, with a base of small slices of watermelon salad--wonderful.
Crab balls, (3) with a remoulade sauce
Smoked trout croquettes (3) served with a creamy flavorful sauce
"Fried" cauliflower with raisins and pine nuts--not a fan favorite

As I was my daughter's guest, I didn't look at the bill but my guesstimate is $70 before tip. We will definitely return!
Love the ambience and love the food. The princes are a little high for the appetizers and entrees. However, the everyday happy hour makes coming here worth it. That said, the lobster special is a great value. It's $35 and you get to choose from a wide array of dishes that feature lobster as the center piece. My wife chose the lobster fra diavlo and I had the whole lobster. It's was fresh and tasty. Both dishes were great. I was sad to learn that there was no lobster creme brûlée for dessert. If you go here, go during happy hour, enjoy the buck a shuck oysters and have some lobster.
really expensive for small portions. Food was good. But...but, it was not up to the standard one would expect for the price. Just not satesfying. Also, the music and ambiance was very simple and blah. The decor was nice and eclectic.
The website is pinefish-dot-fish! 

My friend and I decided to try this place for happy hour earlier in the week. We each had 5 oysters at a dollar a pop. Some of them were large and all were tasty, presented in pretty dishes with dips perfect for cradling a single shell. I went with the white wine because it was $5 and unsurprisingly it was a pretty good wine. Had a ship of my friend's gimlet, which was refreshingly proportioned.

I couldn't resist trying other food options, so we went with one cold app and one hot. The salmon tartare was nice, balanced with minimum vinaigrette and accompanied by two crisps of some sort. The grilled octopus was fantastic: tender, nicely charred on the outside, and substantial in portion considering it was only $13. It also came with pea shoots and another microgreen that went well with the octopus. 

There weren't many people aside from us, though it started to populate as we left. They run credit cards using an iPad. The website's menu page is currently down.
We came here as a large group for brunch and were surprised that their brunch menu options were rather limited, and they didn't offer the regular lunch or dinner menus. 

I decided to get the waffles with fresh fruit, but was surprised that for $11, the "fresh fruit" consisted of a few scattered slices of strawberries, and sprinkles of blueberries and raspberries.

Also, the waitress never refilled my coffee.

The lighting in the back room is really dark, which is great for a dark/shadowy dinner atmosphere to emphasize the ceiling lights, but was strange for brunch as well... And the room was very stuffy.

I don't think I'd come here again.... at least definitely NOT for brunch.
This review is pretty shameful, mostly because of the overall experience with our server. To start off, she was in no way unpleasant or rude. 

Unfortunately, the people who run this restaurant didn't seem to care for properly training their servers to be well informed and educated on the menu they're supposed to be selling. Example... the server had to run to the back multiple times to explain how the lobster was prepared, what the fish of the day was, and couldn't explain to us the profile of the oysters they had that night. Despite this though, luckily I've heard great things about the food and continued to enjoy the rest of the evening.

 I wasn't impressed at the end of the day, the only thing I enjoyed was the fish, which was my main. But we had ordered a bunch of appetizers and small plates and everything tasted great. However certain dishes like the tuna and foie gras was over powering and didn't compliment each other well. Separately, they were delicious, together they seemed too much. The garlic shrimp was described by our server to be a small but nice portion if you weren't that hungry, physically shaped her hands in an oval shape to give us an idea of the amount of food... when it came out, it was literally just an assembly line of shrimp....nothing else on the plate but the garlic shrimp, extremely disappointed. 

The portions of the entrees were also ridiculous. My father ordered the lobster which was under the "large plates" section, it was completely unfilling, even after ordering 2 dozen oysters, a salad, tuna foie Gras, and ceviche and octopus between two people who were eating most of these items. He then in fact had to order a steak to curb his appetite. 

Overall, I'm just really disappointed in the experience and really expected more. The food was good but everything else really tore down our opinions and probably won't be returning. There are other seafood places in the city that stand out more than this place. Not impressed.
One of the coolest and most uniquely decorated restaurants in the city! It is like an eclectic, gypsy-ish, tapas, comfy and cozy restaurant. Perfect for quiet dates and catch up time with friends. They also have great music. It is so casual and relaxed but also really cool. And on top of everything, they have awesome food! Perfect for sharing. We got the brussel sprouts, fries (some of the best), fish stew and salmon. All were flavorful, light and delicious. For dessert, we got the deconstructed key lime pie, which was spectacular! They also have a pretty intense drink menu, which is comparable to the speakeasies around town. Check it out!!!
I really want to love this place, but there is a huge lack of service. I've been to the restaurant 3 times. The first time was their soft opening. I got the usual service of a new restaurant. Slow moving kitchen, overwhelmed  servers, and a bartender getting to know their bar. The food was well prepared and tasted great. The second time we stopped by for dinner on a Sunday evening. We did not have a reservation and walked in. There were a few tables open with dirty dishes on them, but the rest of the place was full. We were finally acknowledged and seated by the windows after 10 minutes. Unfortunately we were ignored for 15 minutes after that. The table next to us was talking about how long they had been there. We chatted for a bit and found out that they were going up to the bar to order drinks for the lack of service. At this point we opted to leave and get dinner elsewhere. The third visit was for happy hour. It is not the best deal in town, but they do have a couple of good things included on the happy hour specials. The bartender was chatty and a good time, but you could see the frustration with the lack of ingredients he had on hand. Fortunately we stuck to wine by the glass. The hot food at this visit was really tasty, but the same could not be said for the raw bar. We were served 12 oysters without the brine, 3 shells were completely broken, and 3 were served on the top shells. Sitting at the bar, I got a view of the guy preparing the oysters for other tables, carelessly pouring the brine out of the shell while struggling to open them. 

Like I said earlier, I really want to love this place, but they make it really hard to do so. They really need to get their act together and hire the right person to make this place what it can be. Their menu is well put together and they offer some good combinations.
Service at the bar was excellent and really enjoyed the atmosphere however, food was just MEH! And, completely overpriced! We ordered a few drinks and a couple small plate. All of which were on the "Ehh, it needs more seasoning" side. Everything was just bland to me. 

Grilled Octopus - tasted burnt. I felt like I was eating the grill. 

Pan Seared Salmon - very nice crispy skin which was a huge plus. The Parmesan cream sauce was ok, but they needed more.

Langoustino - I normally love langoustino, but these were kind of on the mushy. And so so small for the price. It's 1 shrimp cut in half. At least give me 2 for that price!

Duck fat fries - Probably the only thing I enjoyed. Loved the crispyness.

Overall: Will I be back? Probably not. Too many places in the city to try.
Recently returned to Pinefish for restaurant week and had another great meal! We started with the lobster bisque, Caesar salad, and some oysters. The bisque was perfect for the chilly fall night! Then we had the ridiculous duck fat fries that we try not to finish but can't help ourselves. The salmon is my favorite, always with a nice crispy skin and the perfect size. He got the seafood stew and loved that as well. For dessert- ask for the semifreddo! They have different flavors every time and it's always amazing. I had the cookies and cream which was to die for, he enjoyed the key lime parfait but was a little jealous of my semifreddo. Service (Lauren) was fantastic as well. Love this spot!
I'll start by saying that the food is good. 
However, it was likely the worst service I've ever experienced. we were seated 20 minutes after our reservation time (after checking in twice and telling them to just seat us at a table for 6 (we were 8)). several tables were filthy an hour after the parties had left, and our waiter (mark) was downright rude. He was accusatory, dismissive, and rolled his eyes and scoffed when we didn't tip (we had to remind him that it was already included). Mark told us after some of us had food that they were out of one of the items to complete our order, and did not apologize at all. By the time everyone had food, one dish hadn't yet to come out, and when we asked about it the waiter said that because the diner was late to the meal, that's why it was late (we ordered for her when we all ordered???) he asked us when we paid with several cards if we had ever heard of Venmo. He wouldn't take responsibility for anything - after double charging us for an omelet, he said oh yes, it's something with the dish (?) no sir, it's something with you. Mark should not be in the hospitality industry.
Pinefish is a perfect date night spot for seafood lovers. They have a variety of food options and great service. The clam bucatini was so flavorful and delicious. They also have $ oysters during happy hour and 2$ after happy hour. Definitely one of my personal fav seafood restaurants.
Pinefish is Amazing!! I'm so excited to review this place and I can't wait to come back. Everything about it I loved. FANTASTIC seafood, amazing AFFORDABLE prices, great beer, cute atmosphere, and great service!

FOOD (in order of my favorites):
- Special: Grilled POMPANO was cooked perfectly, such an amazing flavor in the fish, topped with a creamy crab remoulade, and laid atop a spicy watermelon salad. This dish stole the night away for me! and my date! We both were absolutely loving this dish. 
- Special:  Sesame crusted AHI TUNA, topped with fois gras was so delicious! It was drizzled with this amazing dark sweet cherry sauce. WOW, so tasty.
- Fried cauliflower was delicious. It was perfectly cooked with a slight crispiness, strong flavor, and some sweet raisins in there. Yumm!
- Octopus was really good. Great charcoal grill flavor, a bit spicy sauce with a nice zing. The one long tentacle was different, but still tasted good.
- Several different types of Oysters on the half shell. I only ordered 3 because they were $3 each, which is my only wish they were cheaper. I wonder if they do happy hour for cheaper? 

BEER
- Free will peach sour!  Epic brewing! Allagash! Fegleys! They have a lot of good craft beers for a seafood restaurant!  Way to go Pinefish! 

SERVICE was fantastic. Our waitress was a sweetheart. So helpful in explaining the specials, and always checking back on us. Very attentive and nice. 

DECOR is really cute. Very odd and creative, gives this place a very colorful, entertaining view for your eyes. Soft cushions on the benches, and the plates were colorful and original! You almost feel like you're dining in your own living room!

I like the chalkboard in the main room with all the seafood options, and the beer menu. I also like how the dining room is separated into two separate areas; the main bar has a dining area that reminds you of your living room, and then there's another secret dining room that's just as large, attached on the other side for additional seating.  

I'm in love with Pinefish. Bravo chef, the food is fantastic. High 5 stars from me!
I'm not a fan of restaurant week but we decided to go here for it. Overall I wasn't that impressed but it had some good moments.

We started off with the lobster bisque that had very shredded lobster pieces. I wasn't a huge fan and I kept getting an aftertaste that made me wonder if it was overcooked. We also had the fries that were really good and had a nice aioli dipping sauce.  I also loved their presentation with the cute little sauce bottles.    I felt the  fried cauliflower should have been fried longer to get a better crispiness and golden color to it.  

For the main course I had the bouillabaisse. This was my favorite dish and would consider going back just for this.  Flavor packed with a variety of seafood cooked perfectly.  My fiance had the surf and turf.  Lobster and steak cooked perfectly to medium rare.  My fiance ordered medium but whatever.  I'm a steak snob and huge believer that steak should only be cooked medium rare.  Sorry! 

As for dessert,  loved the carrot cake.  Didn't care for the key lime triffle but that's just a personal preference.  It was good and recommend it if you like citrusy desserts.  

As for drinks, my fiance ordered a whiskey sour and it didn't have egg in it. I'm not sure if it was an oversight but the drink itself was way too sweet. Service was okay but I like I said, not a fan of RW. Friendly staff but noticeable delay in things. Likely because it was RW.
It's Sunday afternoon - happy hour 4:30-6:30 every day, all tables inside or outside? COUNT ME IN. Came with a party of 4 with a 4:30 reservation and was seated at their outdoor covered seating. It's a triangular teepee with plastic covering the side near the street and above you. Our waitress was really nice and bubbly. We ordered a ton of stuff, mainly snacks and strayed off the happy hour menu for the regular mac 'n cheese which was shells, great cheese with a slight kick. Oysters weren't very flavorful but can't complain because they were $1.50, bang bang shrimp was surprisingly good but only came with 4 shrimp ($7). Same with mozzarella sticks, just 4 at $7.50. Calamari came with more generous portions at $8. Crab Bruschetta didn't taste super fresh, but was my friend's favorite ($8). I think it's a great place to chill, not sure about their quality but I feel like their entrees are a step up so maybe next time we'll order more from the actual menu.. I know the lobster mac 'n cheese gives you a whole lobster tail - WOAH. Also, the inside is very homey and rustic, there's this couch in the living room when you walk in. Seemed a little bit messy to me but I think that's just their style tbh.
Went here on a business dinner and it was amazing. 
The decor and ambiance is very chic and cute
The waitress was AMAZING and helped us pick a bunch of small plates to share- which is the way to eat there. 
We had the octopus(for my VERY FIRST TIME) and it was so tender and delicious!
Sirloin steak strips- also delicious
Crab cake- nice crisp outside. Very good with the spicy mayo sauce
Scallops- SO PERFECT AND TENDER
Duck fries- not soggy as I read, they were perfect

The ice cream and pumpkin cheesecake were also delish. I cannot wait to eat here again next time I'm in town. Thank you Leslie!
What a wonderful addition to the Washington Square West neighborhood.

Went to Pinefish a few days ago w a girlfriend and was promptly greeted and seated. We purposely showed up during Happy Hour because I was excited about the buck-a-shuck oyster option (call me cheap but deals are deals!)

We ordered a dozen oysters to share and also 2 dinner menu dishes: seared tuna w/ foie gras (an appetizer) and the fish stew. I also opted for a dirty martini ($5 during HH, your choice of gin vs vodka).

Unfortunately a few of the oysters weren't that fresh so we stopped at half a dozen and asked them not to send out the rest. Our waitress was extremely apologetic about it. 

The fish stew was hearty and buttery with a generous amount of seafood. My friend really liked our seared tuna w foie gras appetizer but I felt somewhat lukewarm about it. Nothing wrong w it just didn't think it was as decadent tasting as I was expecting it to be. 

Our waitress was a sweetheart and extremely attentive. The interior, with vibrantly colored walls and chandeliers, is very inviting and unique, different from all the Philly restaurants I've been to. 

Therefore notwithstanding the oyster issue the place has a lot of promising potential and I really did enjoy my time here.
Awesome! Totally Awesome!

Friday, July 17, 2020

We were looking for a low-key, chill, low-brow kind of fish joint in the neighborhood, priced accordingly, of course. We didn't have much luck in our search and were pointed in the direction of Pinefish, instead. One look at the menu and it was clear we were not in Kansas anymore. And, considering we came during the Covid period, having to dine "al fresco" in the height of summer was no consolation. 

In fear this might be a pretentious stab at what seemed like an otherwise fairly traditional seafood joint, I asked plenty of questions. My first sign that there might be more to this place than meets the eye - the server knew exactly how each meal was prepared and answered all my questions clearly and with a confident grin. 

I settled on the grilled Banzino while my better half ordered the Brazilian Seafood Stew. But, we first opted for the grilled octopus as a starter, and good thing we did! Seldom do we find a place that gets this right, it's is either too tough, chewy or drowning in some kind of sauce that hides the flavor of the octopus. Not here. The octopus was right on point, with just a bit of seasoning and with an arugula salad with ginger shavings to compliment it. Only in northern Spain and the Amalfi coast of Italy have I had octopus this tender and carefully prepared. 

As for my Branzino, again, I couldn't have asked for anything more. I've had Branzino twice in the last year in Miami, where I live, but none as moist, flaky and delicious. It's stuffed with lemons and fennel, so just be careful you don't get a fork full of lemon slices. I chose to remove them before diving in. 

But for the real star of the show, my partner's Brazilian Seafood Stew. I had eyed this item on the menu, but betrayed my taste buds fearing the hot stew would only accelerate the speed at which I was melting in the Philly heat wave while dining street side. My concerns had been vain. The dish of buttery scallops, clams, calamari, shrimp, mussels and fish was served in a warm red, coconut milk-infused sauce that worked better than I imagined. Absolutely scrumptious. And the two wedges of Italian toast soaking in it were so decadent I swore I was going straight to hell for devouring it (I was generous enough to leave the second one for my partner). 

I was only in Philly for two nights, but I'm looking forward to my next visit even if it's only to hit this place once again. We ended up paying a bit more than we had planned on that night, but for something this good, I'll happily make the investment.
In Philly for the weekend and met up with a couple of friends for Sunday brunch. I haven't had a brunch this amazing in a very long time! I enjoyed the Crab Cake Benedict, Classic Pancakes, and a side of bacon - all of which were very delicious! The Crab Cake Benedict had lump crab meat and little kick to it. The pancakes were light and savory - the syrup they give you makes them in more delicious. I also had mimosas which are a must for any brunch - especially when they are only $5 each. I will definitely visit this place again the next time I'm in the Philly area.
Yes, the happy hour deals are LEGIT: $5 martinis! YAY! Fancy a mojito? DONE! But we tried all three of the wines (white, rose, red) and none were stand-outs (plus the red tasted stale). $1 oysters were decent - low in salinity, unlike my beloved Welfleets, but fresh & clean - and served with cocktail sauce, lemon, horseradish (ask for it!), hot sauce. But we received no info about where they were from, etc. Fried cauliflower is still the yummiest dish we've had here - salty, sweet, crunchy. Shrimp & zucchini skewer was nothing to write home about. 

Our bigger issue was with the service. There were ~3 waitstaff milling about when we arrived (all of whom seemed to get busy later, but having them waiting by the bar was a little strange). And the poor bartender - there's only one! - got caught making ALL of the drinks (including those $5 martinis, which the HH crowd was definitely taking advantage of), serving all the bar patrons (where most people were seated), and expediting. She was clearly spread a bit thin, and that explains why it took 10 minutes to order a second round, but still not a good sign. 

The atmosphere is also a bit... strange. Decor is unusual. But sitting at the bar on the right you get a view of a bunch of coolers and a glimpse at some some prep areas; sitting at the bar on the left you watch the raw bar and kitchen prep. 

Overall, Pinefish thinks it's high dining, but can seem like a (granted, elevated) dive bar.
I have been here 3 times now, and it is some of if not the best seafood I have had in the city. Happy hour oysters (buck per oyster), fantastic deal. Soft Shell crabs for $8 a piece are amazing, and you will not find a better price. Fried oysters best I have had in the city easily. Octopus was great, 12 hour sous vide, they take off the suckers by hand, and then grill it. The thicker part tastes like a sausage almost, so good. Disagree with the reviewer below about the portion size of the octopus. Duck fat fries are great, king crab leg great, everything really is so good, going back there today. 

And the service, Alana (spelling) behind the bar is super friendly as is all of the staff I have had the chance to interact with; very happy that this opened and is close by!
I had decent expectations for this place from the yelp reviews and the overall 4 star rating, but I just cannot agree with them after trying this place out. 
We came for happy hour on friday without a reservation and was seated right away. The service was great but I could not recommend the food at all. 

Oysters on the half shell: Super dirty and not cleaned well. I'm honestly surprised we ate most of them considering it was one of the most unpleasant experiences I've had with oysters. 

Fried calamari: Overly salty and borderline burnt. 

Mahi mahi tacos: These were a replacement item for one of the the happy hour dishes that was unavailable. Our waiter hyped it up so we wanted to try it but it was super underwhelming. There's no way you could taste the little bit of fish they give with the double stacked tortilla. 

Mac and cheese: Not too bad but the noodles were a bit underdone and has a truffle taste if you're into that. 

Duck fat fries: The duck fat didn't do much to these fries. Super boring and limp as far as fries go. 

Bang bang shrimp: fried well but super salty. 

Steamed shrimp: Cant really go wrong with these I guess. They do come unpeeled if that is something you dislike. 

Brussels sprouts: probably the best thing here since it was not overly salty or burnt. 

We also did get some drinks which were alright. I think Summertime was the best one. 

Overall, I would recommend the Brussels and Mac. Everything else you could probably live without.
We've been to Pinefish a couple times for happy hour and dinner.

Here's a breakdown of food -- I use ^ to indicate a half-star and * for a full star. So, ***^ means 3.5 stars:

**** Fried Cauliflower was good, very tasty seasoning, pine nuts, cooked through
***^ Brussel sprouts were not bad
***** Salmon tartare appetizer was delicious
***** Fresh oysters & clams are good, good accompaniments
***^ Shrimp is fine

** Fried croquette (ball) is ok

I love their happy hour!
This place is very racist !! Do not take your black dollar here by any means necessary!! We went here made a reservation for 1:45 for outside (5) seating reservation confirmed when we arrived we was told they had no seating for 5outdoors. After questioning why would they make the reservation the man then says let me see what I can do takes us to a outside seating with 6chairs all of sudden they had the seating. Next we was awaiting the 5th party to come from parking we was told we had to hurry and order because the kitchen was closing why make a reservation if you are closing . Next we ordered they brought the food out and everything was BURNT on the plate nearly or just slipped on the plate. When we questioned why was the food burnt the waitress yells to the others I TOLD YOU in other words we should have never served these black people! Smh the energy was bad the service was horrible if I can give them zero stars I would! Black people BEWARE!! Shameful ! Check out the pics below would you eat this plate
The drinks deserve an enthusiastic 5/5 for flavor.  They have a great list of unique beers and fancy cocktails.  The raspberry flute was extremely tasty.  Not too sweet, no alcohol taste, just smooth.  

Decor is fantastic.  Looks like they ordered from Etsy :P lots of reclaimed wood, poofy ottomans, and interesting chandeliers and other lighting.  My kind of place.

Prices are a bit steep, but I heard they have great happy hour specials.  I'll keep that in mind for next time.

I docked a star because, while I understand this is a seafood restaurant, they make exceptions for things like a burger or brisket sandwich, but seem to have no vegetarian options aside from salad.  It could alienate certain people if you have a large party coming in.
Pinefish sits at the corner of my block on Pine and 12th, so I have had the pleasure of stopping by to peek in the windows at the interior almost every day for a few months now. Only recently did I find the time to stop in, and I'm so glad I did!

Their happy hour cannot be beat - $1 oysters and clams, $5 drinks, and $4-$5 sliders, fried cauliflower/brussel sprouts, duck fat fries, fried shrimp tempura and sushi...Pinefish has a good thing going. The oysters were very fresh and are displayed on a plate as beautiful an unique as the decor. My favorite is definitely the fried cauliflower- seasoned so well and fried super lightly so it's not overpowering. 

With so many great small plates on the menu, it's hard to decide what to try. I highly recommend the salmon - served over a parmesan cream sauce that I never thought would pair nicely with a fish, but I was wrong. I'd also suggest sharing the fish stew - it's not a large portion but with so many other things to try on the menu it's worth it to share just to get a taste. The broth has such a great flavor and is perfect for dipping bread into (which our server was very on top of supplying for us before we even had to ask). 

I'm a regular here now and I really hope Pinefish catches on! While there are a bunch of great restaurants in the area that have a similar menu, the ambiance, interior, and quick and friendly service is not something you come by often.
Great addition to the gayborhood. Checked out their happy hour on the 3rd night they were open. Excellent job. Nice menu options, great beer selection, and the cauliflower and langoustino were amazing. If you a spicy sort - they even have scotch bonnet pepper sauce for their dollar oysters on the happy hour menu.  I will be back. Glad this is in my neighborhood.
Went here for dinner recently.  First and foremost, the service was great!  I was late, as you can't park at all in this area, no matter the time of day/night, and they didn't mind at all.  Secondly, he was pretty cool with recommending different menu items and answering all my questions. The food:  First off, it was rez week.  I didn't have the intention of doing that menu, but ended up doing it.  The apps were ok, the duck fat fries were really good, the salad was eh, good, but didn't have much "stuff" in it outside the greens.  The surf and turf was also a pretty good menu choice, with the lobster really playing the star... as it was perfectly cooked.  Lastly, the deserts were great.  Carrot cake it up!  Def be back for their happy hour and possibly brunch- menu's looked awesome.  The space is also pretty different. Definitely deserves a try.
We went here for a Friday happy hour with a group of friends, because who can resist buck-a-shuck and $5 martinis? Our party of five all arrived at different times, which had our server, Emily, running around quite a bit, but she was a delight the entire time. Off of the happy hour menu we had: 
- $1 oysters which were served with a mignonette and cocktail sauce in these cute squeeze bottles, along with horseradish and fresh lemon - ours were from Virginia and were plump and briney - yum! 
- $1 peel and eat shrimp, which were nicely seasoned and the shrimp were very sweet 
- $5 scallops and watermelon, a pairing we were skeptical about at first but it was delicious 
- $5 sliders, served two per order. They were pulled pork the night we went (so good!), but they rotate the slider type 
- $5 Brussel sprouts - super crispy and delicious 

For my main dish, I had the salmon. The skin was so crispy, and the salmon was perfectly cooked to the requested temperature, but I was not a fan of the cream sauce it was served on top of. My friends enjoyed the burger, mussels, and sliced sirloin, all of which was devoured, so it must have been good! Also, don't skip the fries - they are crispy and salty and I know it's weird to go on about the common French fry, but I definitely recommend them! 

Overall, we had a great experience and even though the restaurant seems to need more menus and water glasses (they ran out when we were there) I can't complain because the service was so fantastic. We will definitely be back!
Last nights dinner  devours came from @pinefish.fish . This is a very interesting yet dope spot. Our bartender Leslie was super nice and informative about the menu and wine  and spirits . Once settled; we ordered the ROMAINE HEARTS salad  With Fried Oyster "Croutons", Anchovy, and Vinaigrette. The fried oysters were amazing . Super flavorful! The anchovy's were also very good.  We then had the Mussels in creamy white wine sauce that were super delicious. I would definitely recommend them with hot spices . They are also prepared daily! By which they were super fresh. We then had the WHOLE GRILLED FISH  with Chimichurri sauce. The fish was grilled perfectly woth a small amount of bones . The fish was really delicious . If you ever want a dope elegant seafood  dinner; please check out @pinefish.fish and ask for Leslie and tell her Shimmy sent you! And be sure to meet the dope owner Peter! He likes @liluzivert ‍. #pine #fish #seafood #salad #oysters #mussels #philadelphia #philly #food #foodie #foodphotography #foodporn #foods #healthyfood
Lovely brunch with friends on a rainy Sunday. Lobster Benedict's were packed with meat, the lobster BLT was amazing, cinnamon roll pancakes were delicious and a $5 mimosa in center city? Unheard of! Only complaint was the service was very slow but got the entire order correct so no biggy. Will definitely be back!
Dinner was amazing  my husband and I went for an early Father's Day dinner. Everything was so good  we had the happy hour specials as well as their Wednesday specials. They had so many tasty things on the menu it was hard to choose. The service was great and my dinner was outstanding, my husband was able to get his favorite appetizer (raw clams) so over all it was a win.
I came here on a Saturday afternoon and there was no wait for brunch! The inside/atmosphere is very rustic and feels almost like you're at a restaurant at the shore (perfect since this is a seafood restaurant). 

I ordered the crab cake benedict that comes with potatoes. Two words: SO GOOD. I highly recommend getting this as its a great price for what you get. I was able to taste the burger and truffle fries. The truffle fries are amazing; so get them if you can!
Horrible hosting!
At arrival the host kept his back towards us for 10 minutes.
No acknowledgement.
Just blatantly rude.
I can see if the place was packed, but there were several available tables. I used the restroom, came back out and my fiancé was still waiting by the door without assistance. That's when we knew it was time to make our exit.

We ended up having fabulous service and dinner elsewhere.
We should've read the reviews before wasting our time. Looks like they need new hires!
The energy from the staff here sucks! Never again, thank you but no thank you!
Come here for a great happy hour specials! The entrées are a little bit expensive, but overall delicious. They were able to accommodate for my gluten allergy, which is always something I look for and she's in a restaurant.

Update: came here for another happy hour...the $1 shrimp are delicious and the $5 house wines are a great special. Monday are 1/2 burger nights!
came here for lobster night with some friends and had a great time!!! the ambiance of this place is definitely unique. i felt like we were in the little mermaid's secret cave 

they sat us at a bigger table in the backroom which was great... more room for more food :)

i got the lobster bisque, corn, savannah lobster and some duck fat fries to share
- the lobster bisque was OK, i wish i had more chunks of lobster in my soup
- the corn was delicious! grilled perfectly
- savannah lobster was delicious! i wanted more of that mushroom sauce 
- duck fat fries were surprisingly limpy, i wish they were more crispy

all in all, i thought lobster fest was an amazing deal and i want to come back for the crab night on wednesdays! the service was perfect and the drinks were also moderately priced.

P.S. as we were leaving, i saw another patron who ordered the seafood buccatini and the bowl was huge and it looked delicious! i must come back for is
Okay, so this is a review from ordering take-out 2 days after the restaurant opened, yet again, during the pandemic. What a horrible year for restaurateurs!!!! During the time that Pinefish shut down, a new Pop-Up called Comfort Philly appeared at the location, serving, what else? Comfort Food! I ordered meatloaf, and Mac and cheese (something I have been craving for the last week (since KeVen Parker, owner of Ms. Tootsie's soul food died (another wonderful local restaurant) , and they have temporarily closed, so very SAD)). The meatloaf was very good - not too firm, not too soft. Very flavorful. Served with a really nice, peppery gravy (which needs to be stirred when you get it home, prior to eating). It came with mashed potatoes, which were nice and creamy, but I could have used more, given the large serving of 3 good sized slices of the meatloaf. The menu on-line stated it came with green beans, but the photo reflected sautéed spinach - which is what I got, and loved. DH ordered 2 jumbo lump crab cakes - he thought they were terrific. They also came with sautéed spinach.  They were supposed to come with green beans, but he preferred the spinach they came with, as well.  No mashed potatoes were in the container, but he is on a low carb diet, so he didn't care (his would have subsidized my smaller portion, if they were provided). With that being said, I also got the Mac and cheese (that I noted above I had been craving). So, despite not getting exactly what we thought we were going to get, I ended up with LOBSTER in my super creamy Mac and cheese!  Being a New Englander, I, of course, LOVE lobster, so ultimately, we were both very happy, despite getting slightly different offerings than we anticipated. Remember, they had been closed for weeks, and had just gotten back in the kitchen.  I would say they did a fantastic job feeding us delicious, well prepared meals, given the terrible circumstances which they (and all restaurants) are dealing with. Having only recently moved into Philly, we had never been to Pinefish before, so we were eager to try their fare. We live just two blocks away, so we very much look forward to future meals at this adorable corner restaurant, with its funky style and interestingly colored decor.  Please spring/summer - please - you cannot be here too soon for outdoor dining - cannot wait!!!!
Best duck fat fried French fires ever! Ok it's the 1st time I've ever had duck fat fried French fries, they are decadent, super fatty, but not oily, crispy... Never liked duck but now I'm reevaluating my whole non-duck cusine stance due to just this one experience with deep duck-fat-fried-french-fries.
Oh and happy hour was good, $5 dogfish head ipa and pork sliders.
I've been on a quest (yes, a quest) for the best eggplant parm or eggplant rollatini in Philly. I saw that Pinefish had a pop up "Comfort Philly" on Instagram, and the photos looked amazing so I had to try the eggplant. Completely unexpected from a seafood restaurant, but this is literally the best eggplant with red sauce I've had so far (I had some pretty good rollatini with blush sauce somewhere else). Eggplant parm, especially takeout, is challenging because it's often spongey - this one was so good! I hope they consider adding it to the regular menu because it took nearly 10 highly researched restaurants to find eggplant parm I loved. It also came in a 9x13 ish foil tray so I popped it in the oven on broil for a few minutes before eating it (not a knock on the restaurant, the food endured a 10 min walk in 30 degree weather on its way home).
Glad to try Pinefish finally. The menu had tons of options, specially the crab cakes, gnocchi, or salmon, but settled on a variety over pasta instead. 

Toasted cauliflower, brussel sprouts as an appetizer were charred and flavored really well. Wasabi mashed potatoes were creamy and unique. The seafood bucatini was a huge portion of pasta with shrimp, scallops, mussels and calamari. And a spicy red sauce to tie it all together! The whole fish had a lot of small bones to avoid but the meat was good. 

Sat outside in the triangular table booths which were very cozy and cute. Quick service with lots of attentiveness. 

Finished the dinner off with the banana cheesecake to go, which was a pretty large slice of perfectly layered crumbles, creaminess, and sweetness. A great option for seafood in this neighborhood!
What a lovely restaurant experience from before I arrived til we left. We had a reservation at 7:00, and last minute I needed to change it to 8:00. There were no reservations left online so I called and spoke with Leslie. She was so understanding and kind and told me to not rush (had to pick up my son from airport and bring him to dinner with us). The arugula salad was fresh and delicious; clam chowder was chock full of clams; the surf and turf came with twin lobster tails and filet mignon that was cooked perfect to temperature; the crab cake had scallops and shrimp and lump crabmeat in it so it was a bit different than a traditional crab cake, but very tasty nonetheless and I loved how the edges were crispy; even all the desserts were delish: we got key lime pie, chocolate cake and the standout dessert was the blueberry pie (get it, you won't regret it!). The staff was attentive and all so nice. It was our first time there and Can't wait to go back and try everything else on the menu, especially the whole grilled branzino!
Had Dinner here 7/2 it was amazing.  Everything was excellent!  Crab bruschetta, arugula salad, Mahi-Mahi and the blueberry pie.  I would highly recommend I can't remember a better dinner I have had in Philadelphia.
Had a very nice evening here with my husband recently. When we arrived we were one of the only other couples in the restaurant. The downstairs is fairly tiny, but spacious enough. Service was a bit strange as our waitress was also the hostess and our bartender. So drinks took a good bit to come out along with being seated. Other than that, everything else was worth it.

We started off with the beet salad and the Brussels sprouts. Both were perfect. We also ordered the duck fries too, but they ended up coming out with our meal which in the end we regretted getting. For entrees I went with the Seafood Bucatini Plate. A mixture of clams, scallops, mussels, shrimp, and calamari. S'good man. One of the best meals I've ever had. The spicy sauce over the linguine was so perfect. Also disclaimer this meal is HUGE and I wish i was able to share it with my husband because I was no where near finishing the meal. For desert we were recommended to get the key lime pie which was also good, but it didn't wow me.

I'm looking forward to coming back here for the Seafood Bucatini, but also would love to try their brunch!
Hey! Here's a place for those us who like or remember "The Dawning of the Age of Aquarius"... a colorful guru decor and background music that makes you smile. 
Better yet! Really good food at very reasonable prices... with a concentration on seafood dishes. 
Buck a chuck oysters and $5 martinis at happy hour. 
This place is hard to beat for a casual dinner in a comfortable atmosphere.
Dinner was delicious. We ordered the Branzino whole grilled fish, Fried Cauliflower and Brussels Sprouts. The fish was very fresh. The vegetables were very flavorful and had a great crispy texture. The restaurant was very cozy with a pretty decor. Service was great.
Updating my review since my last one was 3 yrs ago.. Pinefish is STILL my favorite seafood restaurant in philly, and still 5 stars! 

There's some different menu items from when my last review was 3 yrs ago. Recently I've been getting the swordfish chop which is massive bone-in chop. So tender and delicious. The wasabi mashed potatoes are amazing. The tri-color beet salad was fantastic!!! And the arugula salad was also very good. The cauliflower is still one of my favorites. 

A new special they have is a curry covered trout.. wow this was fantastic! Full fish with the head on, but butterflied open. The curry was so delicious but didn't overpower the perfectly cooked fish. I felt like I was eating back in the Caribbean! 

I LOOOOVE happy hour daily (even Saturday!!) with $1 oysters!! This is amazing. 

The decor is cute and unique, the staff are fantastic. I just really love this place so much. Thank you!!
The first time we went to Pinefish, I loved everything. This last time I loved most dishes. 

We started with the oysters Rockefeller that were grilled goodness! Raw oysters we nice. The sides were so good that I could have just eaten those and be happy:  Brussel sprouts,  cauliflower, truffles mashed potatoes (perfection!).

I had the grilled whole fish (bones made it difficult). Good but not as good as the first time. Others had the lobster tails and steak. 

They gave us extra cauliflower (which we ate up) and the stewed tomatoes (glad we didn't pay for those). 

It's a loud space and crowded but it has a cool neighborhood vibe that is very Philly. 

Nice wine and beer selections along with specialty drinks. 

If you haven't been, I would recommend that you try it. They take reservations off open table. I've heard they have good happy hour specials at the bar. 

So what are you waiting for?
Stopped in at Pinefish on a whim, and extremely happy I did!
From start to finish the hosting and exceptional service from Lauren, was amazing! Lauren is very passionate about the her job and it is clearly displayed by her knowledge and confidence about the food and how well the business is run. I could have enjoyed everything on this menu, but I settled with the swordfish special which was cooked to perfection. The flavors were a true delight to my taste buds!!
Pinefish also has a very nice wine and cocktail selection. Lauren mentioned the very popular happy hour they have every day. 
I can't wait to stop in again at this beautiful gem. 

Thank you Lauren for everything!
Pinefish is living proof that Philadelphia still deserves the title The City of Brotherly Love and Sisterly Affection: Excellent food served in a place by people dripping with color and personality.

Our server was the bartender (Leslie) and in addition to being an excellent hostess in spite of the packed restaurant, when one of my party members lamented the time the return trip would take for us she called a Lyft for us like it was nothing! You never know how to thank someone for treating you so well and I feel bad that I still can't now as I type this out.

On top of this unprecedented service, the food was exceptional: I personally had the Seared Salmon, and the slight bitterness of the crust complimented the rich cream sauce that accompanied it as much as the wilted spinach... the grilled asparagus paired excellently with it as well.

*This* is the kind of place I want to eat at.
In spite of a couple underwhelming reviews, we decided to give Pinefish a try. 
Great decision!
We enjoyed our dinner thoroughly.
Highlights were the Seared Tuna and Foie.... Fantastic.
We started with duck fries.  Perfectly prepared: crispy and tasty!
We saved a bit of room for dessert and the Key lime pie was killah!

Not sure what some reviewers are after.  We dine all over the world and Pinefish served a great meal!

Go.
To be honest, our experience wasn't great. I was visiting Philadelphia for work, and my aunt lives nearby so we decided to go out to dinner together. We had a reservation -- they're on OpenTable so that's a plus -- and when we entered the restaurant it was filled with smoke. Something had clearly caught on fire, and the smoke was thick enough that my eyes immediately started to burn. No one really said anything to us about it, and so we decided to see where our table was and how bad the smoke seemed after a few minutes. We were taken to the back room where the smoke was just as thick, even with the back door cracked open. After a couple of minutes, one of the servers propped the back door wide open with a chair. The smoke did start to thin, though it was about 35F outside and so it was mighty chilly. After about 10 minutes, the smoke had cleared a little bit and the cold was getting to be too much (we could hear customers complaining to their servers) so they shut the door. To be honest though, the smoke never entirely cleared in the 90 minutes or so that we were there, and I had a bit of a headache by the time we left. The worst part was that when we got back to the hotel our clothing and hair smelled very strongly of burnt fish! This place definitely does not have good ventilation, which is a bit concerning.

The server took our order (blackened swordfish as a special, which might explain some of the smoke). We had a few questions about wine, and our server wasn't very knowledgeable about their menu. We asked what on the white list was dry, and she told us that chardonnay tends to be dry. The reason we were asking is that we both enjoy chardonnay, but there wasn't any chardonnay on the menu... We explained that chardonnay wasn't an option, and she picked out two others. One we knew was a sweet wine (and said sweet in the description) so we just ordered the other one she recommended. It was also pretty sweet, but not the worst wine I've ordered.

I will say the food was pretty good. Four small plates for the two of us was perfect, though for big eaters another plate or two might be recommended. We ordered the mussels, and the red curry sauce it came with was really delicious. We tried the small plate filet on the menu with the demi-glace and it was lovely. We also tried the peppercorn filet special. The sauce was good, but the ends of the filet were not very tender at all. The crab cake was particularly good, and tasted fresh. The ambiance was really different and I think we would have enjoyed that much more if it weren't for the smoke. We didn't order dessert. By the time we got to that point we couldn't stand to be in the building any more and just wanted to leave!!
I'm a regular here at Pinefish and I just had brunch here today and, as always, it was best in class. I had the bagel and locks with a side of bacon and an Irish Coffee and it was all on point, as to what I've come to expect. The food was excellent and the service was 6 stars (out of 5, which means it was excellent). I'm here often and have had just about everything on the menu (besides "the ocean" which is on my list). I've never had a bad meal here. It's unfortunate some of the reviews I've read on here lately accusing the place of being unkind to minorities. I've seen folks from multiple nationalities here and, although I didn't listen in to each interaction, the body language and smiles from folks indicate to me that the service here is prompt, friendly, professional, and I've personally witnessed the staff go above and beyond for anyone to make the experience here as enjoyable as they can. Keep up the high standards Pinefish, keep staffing nice people to serve customers, and I look forward to coming back again soon. 6 stars+.
Very high marks for their takeout service during the COVID-19 shutdown.  Food was perfect, piping hot, and huge portions for the price.  We'll be eating it for several more meals.  Great experience and would highly recommend.  Thank you!
I wanted to like Pinefish so much. It was the last restaurant on my 2017 list...and I wasn't super impressed. I've heard good things but my experience was so-so. Service was great. The sangria was delightful. The fried cauliflower was amazing. The duck fat fries were good. The crab cake has a lot of crab according to a friend. The cioppino was bitter (too much fennel?) and the bread had too much chili spread on it. 

I might come back for happy hour but wouldn't recommend for dinner.
Ahhmazing. A new find that blew my mind. Not many other places in Philly have an oyster happy hour but this is the one you need to be at. 4:30-6:30, 7 days a week. The oysters and clams are amazing. The drink concoctions are ethereal. With a vibe that's half mermaid and half uptown exclusive, everyone feels welcome. The dinner and appetizer specials will melt in your mouth and wrap your taste buds in a divine blanket of flavour. The staff is top notch and the management will make sure your experience is perfect. If you haven't been, you are missing out.
My boyfriend and I were craving seafood and decided to make a reservation during happy hour for Pinefish. We got there just at the end of happy hour and were fortunately able to get a few $1 oysters and $5 drinks. 

Oysters were great, though I have little experience with raw oysters. The mojito was pretty sweet, so much so that I squeezed leftover lemon into it. 

We also ordered the clams casino, octopus, the garlic shrimp, the scallops, and the salmon. All were delicious, but I highly recommend the octopus and scallops! The salmon has a yummy sauce, in which we dipped our bread and anything else we could find. 

Our server (I think her name was Lauren) was also super nice and attentive. Overall, would recommend this place for a yummy seafood dinner!
When a place has to rely on gimmick to cover lack of quality, be concerned. 
Gimmick #1 - tons of happy hour or all day specials on things that are less than fresh. 
Gimmick #2 - using decor and "hip atmosphere" to mask a sad menu that is inconsistent at best. 
Read the reviews below - the first item spoken about is NOT the food. Rarely is the food mentioned as the great part of this restaurant. Chandeliers are mentioned. And at $25 for whatever fish they're serving, it should be topping the list. 

The same dollar oysters they offer end up scattered all over 12th street outside their garbage area which smells to high heaven. They are sloppy and unsanitary. 
The pedestrian, bar-like music is far too loud for a restaurant of any class at all. 

But Pinefish is not selling you class. It's selling you smoke and mirrors.
Pinefish is my new favourite happy hour spot. They normally have dollar oysters and $5 wines and draft beer.

My friends and I got oysters (good as usual), white wine (very clean), duck fat fries (not bad) and two specials which were the clear winners:

1) soft shell crab - best dish by far! Perfectly cooked, drizzled with a very tasty sauce (even had to order it again!!)

2) tuna tartare with foie gras - can't go wrong with foie! 

Prices were reasonable $8 for the crab and $15 for the tuna and foie. 

Highly recommend!
Cool spot. It feels like being inside a really homey living room. There are a few couches and tables to dine at, as well as a bar area. The happy hour is alright: dollar oysters, clams, and shrimp. The seafood here is solid. Wherever they source it from, it tastes so fresh and delicious. In addition, there are fried shrimp, brussels sprouts, and cauliflower on the list as well. Draft beer was pretty limited, and was $5. The service was a miss tonight, and it definitely felt as though it was understaffed. For a full dining room, there was only the bartender and one other person serving. Will definitely be back to try this spot again.
My friends and I had a really weird experience here. We walked in and waited in the lobby area where there was clearly a reservations book and telephone. Several severs and the bartender saw us standing there waiting to be seated, and no one even acknowledged us or said they would be with us shortly. The place looked somewhat busy but there were clearly empty tables. We waited in the same area for a hostess or server to seat us, or even just acknowledge we were there, and no one did. We left after about seven minutes of standing there awkwardly.
Local places that specialize in seafood are rare, which makes it hard for me to want to identify some faults in a restaurant.  But I think it's important to highlight things for the restaurant to consider so that they can improve going forward, especially one so new and capable of improvement.  

Issues that we had:

- wine: fairly interesting wine list but the pour seemed really small; my friend contemplated telling them but decided not to; if you feel like you are being skimped on, it sets the mood for the rest of the night 

- food: 
A) octopus - taste was good, but it was two tiny tentacles; after being skimped on the wine, we looked at each other when the octopus came and were like "uh oh"
B) seared salmon - the skin was the best part - the fish itself was only ok 
C) whole live fish - the flavor was good, but next time I would have preferred a filleted fish (won't hold this against the restaurant)

Brussels sprouts were excellent though - paired with pine nuts and raisins with a slightly vinegary taste.
Having just moved to this neighborhood I was excited to try this adorable, ADORABLE little spot. It didn't hurt that they have some killer happy hour specials. Buck-a-shuck? Yes, please!

I was charmed by the exterior but even more so by the interior. The lounge area contains lots of cozy seating with a bohemian ambiance and eclectic decor. The service was friendly and as attentive as could be. She made sure our glasses were never empty and plates were always full. I also have a lot of respect for a server that gives me the last call for happy hour. I'll keep drinking beyond that but I  like to save a buck as much as the next person.

Speaking of "bucks"... buck-a-shuck clams and oysters and cocktail shrimp. Lots of other options for under $5. I highly recommend the roasted brussels and the cauliflower. Also $5 - BUBBLES (and martinis and red/white wine and maybe beer?) and $9 specialty cocktails. 

My only complaint was that my shrimp were a little chewy/overcooked. Everything else was glorious. I look forward to coming back!
I went for Mother's day. The crab cake was simply delicious, nothing but lump crab-meat inside and what appeared to be little croutons on top which added the crunch. Very nice. The lobster savannah was very good. I truly enjoyed the food.
I love this place wonderful atmosphere!  My self and 6 of my friends went for Restaurant Week . Awesome customer service and food. Pinefish  offers inside and outside dining. The inside was inviting and festive so we decided to dine in. If you like seafood  and great drinks this is your place.
I wanted to like this place a lot more than I did. As a caveat, we dined here for restaurant week so maybe it's not a good reflection of the food here. My group of seven was not super impressed by the food. I would like this place more if it were BYOB. It is not and their drinks are really expensive. I had about two glasses of wine. Even though dinner was prix fixe $35, everyone ended up paying $80+ with drinks. The dinner was not worth the ultimate price. 

Interior is super cute. It's like attending a dinner party in someone's hippie aunt's dining room. 

The service was fine. Staff was friendly and pretty attentive (but hard to flag down for salt). At one point a water glass broke and our server replaced our duck fat fries (bc glass had gotten into our order). She didn't make us feel bad about breaking the glass. 

Appetizers options: lobster bisque, or Caesar salad with anchovy. The Caesar was fine but a little over dressed and only one anchovy per plate. The bisque was no good. Avoid. Watery, no salt, and one sad piece of meat at the bottom. 

Second appetizer options: cauliflower, slow roasted tomato or duck fat french fries. The tomato dish was the winner. It comes out with the rosemary flowing from having been lit which created this amazing smell. Duck fat fries were really good too but it's hard to mess that up. The cauliflower was too lemony and salty. I love both lemon and salt but I could barely finish this. 

Entree options: miso cod, pan seared salmon, garlic shrimp, crab cakes, cioppino (fish stew), or short rib. We got all of them except the short rib and let me tell you... FOMO. The short rib looked so good and was huge. Many of us wished we'd ordered that instead. 

I got the miso cod which was really nice. The fish itself was excellent and a good portion. I also liked the wasabi rice (not too strong wasabi wise) but the soy sauce at the button was too much. I couldn't finish the rice bc it had soaked up too much soy sauce. No complaints from my friends on the salmon with parmesan sauce, garlic shrimp or fish stew. My friend didn't particularly love or hate the crab cakes. 

 Dessert was nothing to sing home about. We all either got the key lime trifle or the carrot cake. I love carrot cake but thought it was a little dry. 

Such a cute atmosphere but way over priced for the food and drink we got.
Weekend happy hour?!? Philly is well known for its food, drinks, and happy hours; however, finding a spot with weekend deals is a gem, but Pinefish is that gem! The atmosphere is quirky, the food delicious, and the service outstanding. I have only been here once but I can't wait to go back. I have told numerous people about this spot and how good everything was. We ordered one of everything (and the more) on their happy hour menu and we were not disappointed. Food and drinks are an A+, I highly recommend this place for a quick snack or a full on dinner.
I give this a solid one star. I went for the brunch as was utterly disappointed. The shrimp cocktail was decent (but not on any menu provided). The brunch was edible (bland), but nothing I would care to eat again. My 9 year old does much better. The service and professionalism was lacking. It's the little things such as getting the order correct, letting us know that the kitchen closes at 2pm with a 1pm reservation and severely limited parking since three area parking lots were recently demolished. 

Read other comments before you go!! I wish I would have read these comments before I spent my money there. I will never go back. Also, I wouldn't consider this restaurant an BLM ally, I'd lean towards the other way. The waitress offered hot sauce for my eggs because I asked for pepper jack cheese, she also made other insinuations that I'm embarrassed to type here. I don't want to assume, but I didn't feel comfortable.

To the owner:
I'm sorry you allowed your staff to lie. I was on time for the reservation nor did I have any outbursts. The outburst was another person in the party. And while I agree, she should not have yelled, it was a build up from the total break down of respect. I am not ashamed of myself but you should certainly be ashamed at the quality of service and food your establishment provides. I'm not trying to be mean (although you are clearly offended) --I'm just sharing an honest review. Have a great day--



I see the owner updated his response:: you are CLEARLY deflecting and outright lying. There is no way I tried to destroy anything. Where is the police report?? Your server was insensitive, poor mannered, and culturally blind (she asked if I wanted hot sauce for eggs)--you staffed used old grease, and the pancakes where tough....I hope you place as much attention on your restaurant as you do lying and gaslighting potential customers in this honest review. I'm speaking to people about my horrible experience you're just taking it personal. This could be a learning lesson...
Generally hit the spot during happy hour. I was hungry but not too hungry. I don't really drink, so I skipped any of the happy hour drink specials.  I ordered the fried shrimp $5 special, which was a nice surprise - three medium fried shrimp lying on a melty pile of creamy bleu cheese, surrounded by a nicely spicy Thai sauce. Just wish there was one more piece of shrimp, or the shrimp was a tad larger. And then there were oysters. I think I ordered 5, but honestly, I love raw oysters and I could have gotten 10 easily. I loved that they provided tiny little squeeze bottles of different vinaigrettes along with fresh lemon slices.

Conveniently located on my walk home to the PATCO station at 12th and Locust, so plan on seeing my oyster-starved face again.
Wish I could love it.   Would be great to have a new place close to home.   Weird vibe as soon as you walk in. We were taken to main dining room.  Loud and cold / not welcoming.  Service was great even though our entree was wrong.  Food was good.  Just not an overall warm and fuzzy feeling. Can't put my finger on it.  Something missing in the overall experience.
This was the first time my friends and I had ever experienced the Pinefish cuisine and we left the restaurant happy and full! Our servers name was Laura and she did everything she could to ensure happiness from our table. The fried cauliflower, the raw oysters, the salmon, the duck fat fries, the fried oysters in the fancy sauce, even their Caesar salad was on point - SWEET JESUS I want it now! Thanks Pinefish for making a very special memory with a visiting friend even better! PS) The ambience is very laid back and Egyptian/Morocon themed with chandeleirs, cool tables and quirky chairs throughout. #BirthdayPartyIdeas  #PinefishRocks
A new gem in Philly! 

I love the whole vintage boho-yet-classy feel of the interior (somehow they pull it off so well). It's kinda dim lit, soft yet colorful, and has a warm feel for being somewhat upscale. 

Even more than the charming interior, the top-notch service really impressed with this new seafood bar. A group of about seven of us came for a friend's birthday, and I had made a cake for the occasion that I brought before everyone else arrived. It was a super hot day, and the icing had kinda melted, making the cake somewhat lopsided, but the servers were extremely accommodating in helping me to fix and store it in a cool space downstairs until after the meal. Throughout the whole night, the waitress was exceedingly friendly and obliging (which definitely bumped up my opinion of this place to a solid five stars). 

The food did take a while to come out, and though some of the portions were small, everything was delicious. Among the variety of smaller dishes that we had ordered, my favorites were probably the crab cake and the fried cauliflower. I'd love to check this place out for HH or something eventually too!
Pinefish is so cute! Came for brunch on a Sunday. Loved the decor and relaxed atmosphere. Service was great and everyone was friendly. $5 mimosas were wonderful. Ordered the crab cake Benedict with fruit in place of home fries - there was a good amount of fresh lump crab, but it was a little spicy for my taste. Will definitely be back to try the rest of the menu!
I have only been here once and this is already one of my favorite seafood restaurants in the city! This place is excellent; great décor, atmosphere, service and most importantly amazing food. A few items I highly recommend that you wont regret ordering:

Fried Cauliflower - very flavorful and great side to have with seafood. 
Duck Fat Fries - I know what you are thinking, why order fries at a seafood place? Well because they were cooked in duck fat and were absolutely delicious. 
Pan seared Salmon - cooked to perfection and incredible fresh and tasty. It comes with a crispy skin, spinach and Parmesan cream. This was my favorite dish! 

Not only was the food excellent the drinks were amazing as well. They had a decent wine and cocktail list. I would highly recommend the "best damn sour" drink - it comes with makers mark, amaretto, sour mix and egg whites. It tastes just as good as you would get it at a speakeasy spot! 

If you still have room in your stomachs, I would recommend the deconstructed key lime pie. It was really light and a great way to end a perfect meal!
NOLO vibes. Cute chandeliers, pillows, cushions, etc. GREAT playlist. Hats off to the person in charge of music. Came here for "Lobsterfest" - $38.00 for a cup of lobster bisque or arugula salad + lobster entree. Lobster bisque was mediocre and Lukewarm. Two lobster tails entree was super tiny. Still starving after the meal. However, coconut cheesecake was bomb. Somewhat disappointed since they offered ginger creme brûlée, but was out of this item. Would've loved to try it out.
Let's start off by saying, I'm writing this as I sit here in the actual restaurant. It's very loud and  they need better acoustics in here. I can't enjoy my meal without begging for Tylenol because it's so loud. 

The decor of this place is HORRIBLE. It's not even kitschy, it's tacky. 

On to the food, it's good, but very slow. Very small portions, but the ok. 

We were a party of 4, 2 burgers were ordered, one came out right away, the other came out 45 minutes later. In between waiting for the 2nd burger: 2 orders of  mussels, shrimp, scallops and  a crab cake came out all before the 2nd burger. WTH is that about? 

Would I come back. Prolly not. 

Sorry not sorry.
Miso Cod and Branzino were both a hit for our anniversary dinner. They have happy hour 7 days a week so we caught the end of it. $1 east coast oysters, buffalo shrimp, fried cauliflower were all delish! Really cute vibes, lighting and colors.
Four friends and I came on a Friday night to celebrate a special occasion and ordered a ton of food from the happy hour menu before 6:30 pm! Confession: I'm not a seafood person, so I'm speaking from the perspective of someone who could not fully enjoy the seafood :P 

What we ordered from the happy hour menu (lost count of how many orders of each...) in order of my FAVES to least faves/didn't try lol:
* beef brisket sliders ($5) - I was randomly craving a burger, but this was perfect! So flavorful and tender. 
* zucchini and shrimp "skewers" ($5) - I was really OBSESSED with this that night. Not sure why it's called a "skewer" since the final presentation definitely doesn't have one, but whatever this buttery goodness was, would definitely order again!
* fried cauliflower ($4) - Could not figure out what they seasoned this with for the life of me, but I loved this!
* brussel sprouts ($4) - Also enjoyed these, I don't go crazy over brussel sprouts normally and also could not figure out what they seasoned this with
* steamed shrimp ($1 ea) - hard to peel, cold, nothing really special about them, a bit expensive even if they are big, would either order fewer or not order this at all next time

I can't speak to the $5 drink menu because I don't drink nor can I talk about the oysters ($1 ea) because I don't like oysters...so leaving those out of my review even though we ordered them. The place is really cute, I could totally see someone planning a bridal shower here because of the teal decor (maybe say, a Breakfast at Tiffany's-themed party, speaking from personal experience haha). I do wish the lighting was brighter though, we definitely had to lighten up all our pics and use flash so they didn't come out dark. Lastly, our server was a bit awkward and not the friendliest. She brought out the correct orders, refilled our waters, and was able to split our bill, but can't say she really added to our experience.
My boyfriend and I were craving seafood and decided to make a reservation during happy hour for Pinefish. We got there just at the end of happy hour and were fortunately able to get a few $1 oysters and $5 drinks. 

Oysters were great, though I have little experience with raw oysters. The mojito was pretty sweet, so much so that I squeezed leftover lemon into it. 

We also ordered the clams casino, octopus, the garlic shrimp, the scallops, and the salmon. All were delicious, but I highly recommend the octopus and scallops! The salmon has a yummy sauce, in which we dipped our bread and anything else we could find. 

Our server (I think her name was Lauren) was also super nice and attentive. Overall, would recommend this place for a yummy seafood dinner!
My friend and I visited Pinefish about 2 weeks ago. My friend was charged twice, and realized this while we were still there. She asked the waitress about it, and the waitress said she canceled it and if it did go through then call back. It was obvious it had already went through since my friend brought it up on her account. My friend waited and called back within 3 days and was greeted by a very rude woman. My friend was very upset by the encounter on the phone since the woman, who claimed she was a manager, forcefully denied charging anyone twice and did not even take the time to patiently listen. Her customer service was lacking and she handled the situation terribly. Doubt my friend will ever get the refund, even though it was promised to her over a week ago.
This place was bananas good. We seriously tried 90% of the menu the other night and there wasn't one thing I didn't think was amazing. I suspect this place will prob start getting much more crowded once people are back from the shore in the fall.  I was pretty pleased with the prices too.
Stopped in to Pine Fish on Saturday of the July 4th weekend. We were happy to find they offer a happy hour 7 days of the week. We had the oysters, which were fresh and shucked perfectly in that neither one of us chewed on any shell pieces. We also had the octopus, which we really liked, but the star of our meal was the crab cake. The service was great and we also really liked the decor. We'll definitely be back soon.
This restaurant got good reviews and was close to our house, so we decided to try it. I really wanted to like it.

First, our waitress was odd.  She said to us" you aren't locals, are you?"  We said we lived very close. She seemed annoyed. I ordered two things and my husband ordered three items. She made it so two of his came out first , and nothing if mine. Then he ordered a beer, and after 5 minutes she came back to say she was trying to get the bartenders attention. The bartender was standing there doing nothing. 

I could get by the odd service if the food was good. My husband orders the wedge salad. The menu didn't say what dressing, and nobody asked.  It came out and the salad had beautiful vegetables but was covered in large amounts of pink ,gloppy dressing. I asked the waitress what it was- and she said" 1000 island or Russian.  I don't know". This dressing tasted like cheap dressing and ruined the salad.  

I ordered the brisket. The menu said it had mustard and onions on it. When it came, there was no mustard or onions. I asked the waitress, and she said they were mixed in. Really?  The sandwich was salty and mushy. Best thing is, they brought me some of the pink, globby dressing with my fries. (Our neighbor table had crab crakes- and they were fried with the same dressing!)

My husband said the whole fish was good. Even though that was the case, I can't get over how bad everything else was. 

I will not be back.
pinefish is easily my favorite neighborhood spot! The staff is extremely friendly and accommodating! Leslie and Lauren make the experience exceptional with their upbeat personalities and their unprecedented service !! I have never been disappointed by the food and look forward to their happy hour all week! I highly recommend stopping by if you are in the neighborhood or looking for your new regular bar!!!
Great mussels
The scallops, ceviche and roasted tomatoes were . 
The key lime dessert was delish
The food quality was better than I was expecting, so I would definitely recommend it. 
The service was a little wonky the night we went. Always courteous but sometimes MIA and an ordered dish was missed/forgotten/took very long so we cut it out. Server apologized at the end and said that they were dealing with a birthday party. I didn't care so much for the tablets they used to check us in or take our orders, because it still seems rude to me to be looking at a tablet, but I know that's the way the world is going and I have to get used to it. 

I would go back and give them a second chance at service!
Happy hour was legit. I always go for the cauliflower  and 1$ oysters. The cauliflower always takes a long time to be served but it's really worth the waiting it will totally change your opinion on cauliflower. No kidding. Dessert is a must! Cheesecake brownie was sooo good and the ice cream topping even brings it to another level. And literally all entrees are good, I have been there for several times and haven't been disappointed by any of them. However, as a frequent diner at this place, your dining experience really depends on which waitress you got. My heart sinks every time I found that arrogant, impatient waitress would be serving me again...
I visited this restaurant in December. The food was fine. However, I paid with a debit card & signed a (1) slip as unusual. When I checked my bank statement later in the month I saw that they had put the transaction in twice. 
I went to my bank and they contacted the merchant who feels they have a right to basically "double dip" so I am back at the bank (in March) still trying to get this resolved. 
I never heard from Pinefish. 
It seems someone there is very unscrupulous. 
Do not trust them!
Our visit to Pinefish started off unfavorably, but it quickly improved.  There was no one to greet us when we walked in, so we were not sure if a host would seat us or if we were supposed to seat ourselves.  I understand not having a host but at least have a sign that says "please wait to be seated" or something similar. Otherwise your customers are just awkwardly looking around wondering what to do.  We waited five minutes with no acknowledgement from the staff.  Finally a man came over and asked if we wanted to do happy hour or dinner...this was at 6:29 and happy hour supposedly ended at 6:30 so I was confused why he offered us the HH menu.  He unenthusiastically asked if we wanted to sit in the front room or the back.  We chose the back, which I would recommend - although both rooms are cute.  Once our server came over things started looking up.  We both did the Lobster Feast menu in addition to some oysters and drinks.

Food
James River Oysters:Great! Hard to go wrong with oysters,

Lobster Bisque: Really good.  Served at an extremely hot temperature (better than being too cold though).  

Duck Fat Fries: Good - we polished these off - but I didn't really taste the duck fat.  I did appreciate how the fries came with their special fry sauce in addition to ketchup.  It's a spicy mayonnaise-based sauce which I thought was pretty good despite usually being mayo-averse.  Cute presentation in a fryer basket.

Fried cauliflower: Really good.  Crispy, a little tangy, and with a nice pop of flavor from the pine nuts.  I would get this again.

Lobster Tails with Truffle Popcorn - Wasn't sure what to expect at first - I thought maybe the popcorn would be used to crust the lobster.  In actuality, this is literally just two lobster tails with a bowl of truffle popcorn on the side.  Even though it was simple, I would definitely get it again.  Sweet, tender lobster cooked well.  Popcorn could have used a little more truffle oil but it was a fun side.

Vanilla-poached Lobster:  Glad to have tried this, as the flavor was interesting, but wouldn't get it again.  It was cooked well but the vanilla flavor and overall sweetness were a bit much for me.  I prefer to taste more of the actual lobster.

Brownie Cheesecake - Delicious!  I was worried dessert would a be a let-down, but this did not disappoint.  Our waitress described it as a brownie stuffed inside a piece of cheesecake.  It was not too heavy as the cheesecake part was more bready and eggy than a typical NY-style cheesecake.  It is served warm with a scoop of cookies & cream ice cream on top, and a fudge drizzle.  Perfect way to end the evening.

Service
I really appreciated the quality recommendations from our server.  She suggested the James River oysters over the other variety they had available that day, as she said the others were huge and may be harder to eat.  We went with her recommendation and were not disappointed.  I was also struggling to decide between the Lobster Pot Pie and the Lobster Tails with Truffle Popcorn, and she recommended the tails.  She let me know that the pie had a filling similar to their Lobster Bisque, and since I had already chosen the bisque as an appetizer, I might like something different for the entree.  Another great recommendation.

Drinks
Jever beer - Bottled German pilsener.  Would get again
Best Damn Sour cocktail - Very good.  Would get this again too.

Price
Spent about $130 including tax and tip.  For oysters, three courses each, 1 dessert that we split,  2 beers, and a cocktail, I'd say that's very fair!  Especially with all the lobster.

Happy Hour seems great with dollar oysters and shrimp, plus $5 drafts (even on weekends!).
Excited to come back for that.
This is a quirky little restaurant.  The best way I can describe the decor is artsy Bohemian.  Our server was nice but I'm thinking she was sort of new.  After we had received our orders we heard another server giving a list of delicious sounding specials available that evening.  We mentioned to our server that she never told us about them and we probably would have preferred the specials.  No apology.  She said the swordfish and other dishes are very good and suggested we could try them another time.  She also didn't clear dishes from our 2 person table.  We kept moving them to the table beside us.  

We tried the octopus, oysters Rockefeller, cauliflower and cioppini.  They were good but I think some of the specials sounded more interesting.  I love octopus and spicy things but I'm not sure I think the sauce was complimentary to the dish.  The oysters were ok. The cioppini was good but the mussels were not of a very high quality. Very small.  The cauliflower was the best of all the dishes.
I really love this little restaurant and all the wonderful items on the menu .... the wedge salad is to die for all with most of the other items ...... this is my third visit ..... the best part of this visit besides the amazing food .... was meeting Leslie , what a wonderful fun gem she is ..... with great seafood and other items , super fresh and expertly crafted , great prices , and a wonderful accommodating fun staff ... a friendly accessible owner  .....what are you waiting for , give them a try .....you won't regret it ....
