I am such a fan of Pita Chip. Previously, I was a regular at the University City location because of its proximity to my gym. I'd go regularly for quick and inexpensive lunches or dinners to-go. The staff was friendly and I always left with a hearty but healthy meal. 

I'm subscribed to Pita Chip's email list and recently noticed they are offering family meals. My husband and I wanted to kick off our holiday weekend with a healthier takeout option, so we decided to give it a try. The smallest meal feeds four, but was only $40. There was a discount for a first-time family meal order so, once the discount came off, we still spent less than fifty bucks, including tip. Some things come standard as part of the meal (rice, lettuce, baklava, plenty of utensils) and then there are some choices. We opted for chicken and roasted veggies, regular hummus, the tomato salsa, tabbouleh, and cucumber and tomato salad, plus the vegan tahini and garlic sauce. I also requested pickles and pickled jalapeños. 

My husband went out to pick up the order at the Temple location, which we had never been to before. He returned with two enormous boxes, filled with catering trays of food and beautifully packaged salads and sides. They even threw in some falafel, complimentary. Everything was delicious, and we enjoyed several meals all weekend long. 

So happy to support one of my favorite fast-casual restaurants, and wishing them well during these crazy times. We look forward to getting the family meal again sometime!
Ordered delivery from this place (ain't nobody got time to schlep up to temple) from work a few times. It's been very popular among my colleagues so needless to say I had to find a way to insert myself into the fan club. 

First time I went with falafel (obv) with some veggies and rice, roasted red pepper hummus (was the most popular) cabbage salad, all the other kinds of salad, spicy tahini I think if that exists or maybe just one of the spicy sauces plus tahini. My girlfranz ordered chicken with various other combos. 

This place is a triple threat bc 1. It's pretty cheap for what you get, $10 for a bunch of shit, 2. It comes super quick, especially good for people with no patience such as myself, and 3. It's fucking delicious. 

I might have overdone it with the spicy shit in there bc my mouth was 5 alarm fire which did detract from the experience. 

My second time I learned my lesson and didn't go so hard with the spicy shit. I also omitted the rice for more veggies and I felt genuinely good about the health/nutrition value of what I was eating. It was also spectacular the second time around.

Only bad thing I have to say is that the hummus, while good/decent, isn't as good as I would expect from a Mediterranean place but I may have exceptionally high standards.
Pita Chip came to our work today with FOODA Catering and it was GREAT. The owner was so nice explaining all the ingredients. Everything was so fresh, I got half chicken half beef. For only $9 I was stuffed! Garlic sauce is to die for. Also it's beautiful just look at the picture!
First time at Pita Chip and was not disappointed. I gobbled this dish as fast as I can. I ordered the 1/2 rice 1/2 salad bowl with chicken shawarma. It's literally a middle eastern version of chipotle. However they offer a wider variety of toppings that chipotle that is healthy. The portions are generous. I was able to eat this for lunch and have leftovers for dinner. The chicken was flavorful, tender and sliced thin. Very vegan friendly option. Definitely would return when I am back in Philly.
Love it. Fresh. Modern. Staff is welcoming. Options. Falafel is my go to. I have seen people from all walks of life waiting in line for their chance of chicken, beef, veggie, falafel etc goodness. You have options to choose a bowl, wrap(pita or tortilla) or salad bowl. Then you choose your protein and add any toppings or sauces that you want. My third time around was even better because I mixed sauces and added more toppings. Since falafel isn't prominent in Baltimore I got a side order of falafel 2 go, you get 5 in an order for $2.50. Also, I make sure to get the check-in deal of free Pita chips and hummus. The staff has no problem obliging to this offer. They also offer several dessert items. Check em out.
I order through Postmates and when I received my order it was all wrong. I called the restaurant and spoke with a manager. He not only made me a new correct order to replace the first , he delivered it himself.  Pita Chip had great food and great customer service. I will be ordering from there again, but this time through grubhub, which is less expensive and more user friendly for restaurants.
Never thought I'd get better falafel around Templetown than the stuff from halal carts, but then Pita Chip came along. 5 perfectly fried patties for $2? Endless toppings? This is now my go-to spot for a falafel fix.

Can't speak to much else on the menu, but I do know that my very picky boyfriend LOVES the beef shawarma. Good to have you in the hood, Pita Chip!
I stopped by at this place and tried their beef shawarma on pita bread w/ fries, and it was good. The place looks nice and clean. The only problem I had, is they forgot to give to me the baklava that I ordered & paid which I only found out when I got home. I decided to not complain about it. The staff was busy & they seem overwhelmed because of the Uber & GrubHub orders that they had lined up. Next time I will order the chicken shawarma & the baklava which I hope I will get to try it next time.
Love this spot...been coming here quite often since my first visit. They have great food. Fresh, quality ingredients. Unique flavors that blend so well together. 

Choose your own destiny, whether it's a rice bowl, pita wrap, or regular wrap...you can even get a salad. I tend to go with the beef usually as I think it lends itself well to the spices; but the chicken and falafel are both really good. 

If you haven't been in, I encourage you to stop in and give it a try. Staff is very friendly and helpful...the place is really CLEAN also...which is a big deal. They really dona solid job here.
Fast,fresh and friendly don't miss eating here if you are into Mediterranean food and your in a hurry. Baklava is great
Amazing is the word. Where do I start? Every item they serve is seasoned so well and tasty. I don't eat meat but I had to try the chicken which was so good. This place is like a middle eastern Chipotle but 1000 times better. The vegetables are also very delicious, I'm def going back.
I've never really been big on Mediterranean food, but Pita Chip makes me think twice before opting for the typical Friday night pizza. A few days ago, a friend of mine recommended I give it a try since I work in the area.

Upon walking in, I was impressed by the fresh, Temple-themed decor. When it was my turn to order, I had no clue what I'd like so I just asked the two young guys behind the counter to make me something good. They laughed, and put together a Beef Shawarma wrap with a side of fries. 

The way you order your meal and watch it be prepared right before you is very reminiscent of Chipotle. The wrap was exceptional! It had a nice balance of rice, veggies and meat. One of the employees even brought out samples of falafel for me to try. I don't remember the last time I ate something so fresh and filling! 

This establishment is going to do very well. They've even gone as far as developing an app that allows you to order whatever you'd like right off your cell phone. I see this hitting home with the Temple students. 

My favorite aspect of Pita Chip is the friendly, welcoming vibe you feel as soon as you walk in the door. I highly suggest you all give it a try!
~Thank God the Pita Chip graced us with their presence at the bottom of my office's tabernacle, because I would have never been blessed with what I believe.. could quite possibly be.. the 8th holy sacrament..   

First Impressions: Although I did not get to partake in eating at the brick & mortar of Pita Chip, the chipper employees at the stand had the knowledge of priests... & their Bible was the Pita Menu. 

Something compelled me to listen to them, & go with their recommendation of the Pita Bread Wrap.. As the gentleman was assembling it, I was reminded of the story of David & Goliath; I David, & the Pita Wrap Goliath.. First was roasted red pepper hummus, which provided the base for the battle.. Next the 3 giant heaping's of chicken shawarma, marinated layers of slowly roasted chicken.. Finally a barrage of rice, lettuce, & parsley infused salsa marched into the wrap with white garlic sauce smothered on top. This behemoth could barely fit into the foot long Pita Chip Bag....(pictured)

It was a glorious sunny day as I sat in the middle of the City Hall Courtyard. I began to feast &  thought to myself...this may of been how Jesus felt at the Last Supper.. the divinity of this Pita had created a holy matrimony between the wrap & its ingredients...it made all other wraps/burritos look like adulterous heathens. Every bite felt like I was being baptized, & anointing my taste buds proclaiming to sing hallelujah! It was truly a Heaven on Earth experience. 

Proverbs 18:20 "Words satisfy the soul as food satisfies the stomach; the right words on one's lips bring satisfaction."

The Don approves of this establishment & will be back~
My boyfriend and I have ordered delivery via a courier service from this place twice. Each time we have gotten the chicken shawarma and beef shawarma on pita bread. 

Portion size is HUGE.  Think 1.5 chipotle burritos, very stuffed. Their hot sauce and signature tahini sauces are like none I have ever had at similar places. The hot sauce will definitely make all body parts sweat, and if you're looking for a not so spicy option, the tahini sauce adds a unique kick of flavor that blends very well with the beef or chicken. 


This must be the shawarma that the Avengers were eating after they saved New York. 

Definitely worth it for those with the billionaire taste of Tony Stark and the appetite of Thor and Hulk.
My first time having Mediterranean - loving it so far! 
I tried the beef and chicken shawarma rice bowl with grilled veggies, some pico de gallo(?), and topped it with garlic and hot sauce. Really awesome combination of flavors. I wish this place were closer to where I live, because I would come here almost every day!

Very helpful and friendly service is also a plus. Have not ordered from them through GrubHub, but I've heard most problems are on GrubHub's side, not the restaurant itself. Definitely give them a try if you're in the area!
Honestly, I am so glad i stumbled across this restaurant (October 2016). It's a simple fast-food joint. I was only able to eat the falafel on the day I visited. The whole process was amazing. It's a Mediterranean Chipotle... but BETTER! You pick your base then add your meat/veggies along with all your toppings. The staff was really friendly. I even remember the waiter bringing our extra sauces to the table to try. I really enjoyed the garlic one. OH and not to mention, the homemade pita chips are definitely an added bonus! I can't wait to go back and have the chicken shawarma...  It looks amazing!
This place is the bombdotcom. It's everything mediterranean you want plus Chipotle-style customization. A couple friends and I tried it for the first time the other day, I got the salad and my friend got the wrap. We all agreed they give a generous portion of protein (chicken or beef). The ingredients tasted fresh and you get to see and pick and choose what you'd like in your bowl/wrap. Their falafel were also very tasty and the prices were very decent! Also, a plus was that the the staff were awesome--super friendly and attentive!
My work has Fooda and Pita Chip was the restaurant they brought in for the day.  I ordered a salad bowl with falafel and chicken shawarma and it was amazing!  All of the food was so fresh. Their hot sauce and tahina are so damn good too. The hot sauce definitely had a kick to it but I love spicy stuff so I didn't mind. People more sensitive to heat may not like it.  I hope Fooda brings Pita Chip back to my work but I'm lucky it's not too far from my apartment.  I will definitely order again.
A middle-eastern Chipotle? My prayers have been answered!!
In all honesty, Pita Chip is definitely a great addition to Temple University's campus.  I have had their beef shawarma several times and enjoyed every bite.  They have rice bowls, pitas, salads and a handful of middle eastern mezze like hummus, tabbouleh and pickles.  BTW they have the BEST FELAFEL in the city.  Definitely give them a try.
If you haven't been to pita chip, think Chipotle but with mediterranean food. You can make your own wrap and bowl. I always go for the bowl because i'm greedy AF and i want tons of food. I usually go with the salad and rice bowl. You go down the line and there are so many things to choose from (e.g., rice, chicken, toubbeleh, hummus, pickled onions, etc). Of course, i top it off with spicy sauce and garlic sauce, because...why not both? By the time I'm done making my choice, my bowl is weighing as much as an infant child. All for $6.99, yall! It's such a bargain for so much food. The food also tastes great!
If you're craving Mediterranean and have no other options, this place will suffice, but outside of that I wouldn't go back. 
Had heard a lot of good things, so was excited to try it. The pickled veggies were too acidic, the hummus was flavorless, and the fountain drink tasted like cleaning liquid. I got the pita wrap, which is huge, and ended up pulling it apart just to get the chicken. Unfortunately, the pickled veggies, which I normally love at any other place, had ruined it. They use cheap, thin slices of dill instead of spears. 

Hubby and the beef shawarma rice bowl and felt the same way. First bite was good to satisfy the craving and then each additional bite for progressively worse. With all of the Mediterranean and halal options in the city, I won't be returning
Best cheap and easy lunch I've found close to TU. Love the shawarma wrap with pickled turnips!
Read the reviews on yelp for this spot and figured I'd check it out before practice one night.

Located on Broad st, between Cecil B Moore and Oxford in the heart of the Temple campus...you could walk by and not even see it. What they lack in size of the place they make up for it with their portion and flavor!

It works similar to a "build your own meal" type of restaurant, except they serve Mediterranean. Now I love that type of food, so it took no convincing me. If you're not sure about it, go basic like I did to start off.

Had I not been on my way to wrestling practice I would have went a lil crazy and more spicy with my choices. I went with the wheat wrap, beef (recommended by server), regular hummus (although I wanted roasted red pepper, again working out), yellow rice, pico de Gallo, cilantro, parsley, seasoned red onions, and regular tahini sauce...with a side of the buffalo tahini.

The beef has a great flavor, you get full flavor with a pop of cinnamon at the back end. May sound weird, but a lot of Mediterranean cooking uses spices like cinnamon that we in America only really associate with our Pumpkin Lattes...expand your horizons, you will be glad. The wrap was loaded with healthy options. A huge meal for under $10, cannot wait to go back!

Next time I'm going chicken (just tonsee hownitnis compared to beef), roasted red humnus, garlic, loaded, hot sauce, etc. Mouth is watering thinking about it. Gotta stop and check them out! Solid job Pita Chip!
I've ordered twice via UberEats and i'm not really understanding the hype. First time I ordered a Falafel wrap and the Falafel had a weird taste, like it wasn't fresh. I decided to order something else the 2nd time and got a rice bowl with chicken and various toppings. The food still doesn't feel fresh and tastes blend. I feel like I'm eating someone's left over from the day before. Disappointed.
So I have now tried beef shawarma, chicken shawarma and they are both really really good. The place is cool because it's set up like a chipotle with Mediterranean food. Quick, good, and generally healthy. Baklava was also amazing. Good food great staff and good prices. Give it a shot!
This was a lucky find for me, as I needed a spot to grab a quick meal before heading to Temple to tutor. Little did I know I would stumble upon one of the most delicious yet affordable lunch spots in the area. For less than $7 I can be bloated with delicious falafel and veggies served upon a bed of lusciously spiced rice and complemented with onions, hummus, pickles, tabbouleh among other things. 

Service is great, fast and efficient. There's a check-in offer. It's right off the subway stop. Only good things at this place.
The dude who rang me up was so accommodating and sweet. My falafel wrap was humongous for only $7. The only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is because I found it to be very bland even though it was loaded with vegetables and hot sauce. Definitely going to give them another try. Maybe I just caught them on an off day.
Great option if you're a vegetarian. Your best bet is to customize your salad or rice bowl with grilled veggies and/or falafel. For an entirely vegan meal, they also offer vegan hummus. It's a lot of food for only $6-7. Throw in baklava for an extra dollar and you have a feast for lunch. The pickup service online is very easy to use and they always have my order ready within ten minutes. I'm taking off one star because they forgot my tabouleh last time and that made me sad, but everything else is wonderful.
Scrumptious is all I have to say about this new hot restaurant right on the Temple Campus. 

The Food:I came here because I love falafel and there are only a few places in Philly for falafel! I thought it was so perfectly made. I had two options of different tzatziki sauce one regular and one spicy and had an abundance of toppings to add to my wrap. Then the wrap was nicely toasted. I also got to try some of the homemade authentic pastries that were perfectly bite sized and absolutely worth getting!

The Atmosphere: I loved the fresh decor and the wood and metal accents really makes it look modern and clean. The chalkboard that displayed the menu items was done in a "back to school theme" so perfect for Temple campus! I specifically liked the ordering style and was able to see everything that would be joining my falafel wrap. 

The price: I was very surprised and happy with Pita Chip's prices. I felt like the prices were very fair. 

I cannot wait for delivery options to be available and was VERY excited when they announced their own personal app for my phone and I even got a discount when I downloaded it. 

I hope they expand and grow other places too within Philly. I suggest you definitely all try it out for yourselves !

YUM!
Hello Yelppers Fran here,

Let me tell you about the experience I had with Pita Chip about a week ago. My week has been so busy and im just now sitting down on my Personal Computer to write it. So my nephew goes to Temple University. Go Owls! so I thought it would be a good Idea to take the rest of the family down to philadelhpia and visit him. We were looking for something to eat and my son mentioned before how much he loves The food at Pita Chip. When we walked in the smells all hit me right across the face. I was drooling so much I swear my false tooth almost fell out. So we went up to order and everyone decided to get the chicken rice bowl. But me being the goofball of ther group decided to get a Pita Wrap. It was so god! Mouth watering. The servers there were very nice and helpful even though at some times their heavy accents were hard to interpret but this is not thwir fault I understand! We then went to check out and who I am guessing was the manager or owner is gave us a free side of sauce for our pholawfel! However I heard from my son that the man can get a little grumpy sometimes. Overally I am rating this Pita Chip a 4 stars and gets ther Fran stamp of approval. If there are any other mothers looking for a place to bring their Little Owls for food you should definetly check out this place!
Good food but I would not order delivery again. My office really likes this place so two weeks in a row we ordered delivery for about 5 people. The food arrived on time but both times, we were missing two orders of fries when we had ordered three. 

I asked if they could send the fries over and they said they could not (I think this is because delivery is fulfilled by a separate company), and issued a refund instead. A refund is great but with a GrubHub delivery fee of $6+, there was no way we were going to just place a new order. At the end of the day I'm not really trying to make a fuss over some fries but since they forgot twice in a row, I don't have high hopes that they will get it right the third time. 

However the food was very good and we all enjoyed it. Customer service was friendly as well. I'm sure this is a great place to walk in for a quick bite and hopefully I'll get to do that sometime.
Really great spot for lunch! It was a little slow and there wasn't even a big crowd, so not sure what happened. Very satisfied with my meal and my friend loved his also. The tabouleh and falafel were amazing. If you check in you get a free bag of pita chips and hummus!
I was hungry and noticed this place near the qdoba. It's basically that style of restaurant (chiptole, etc) but for Mediterranean food. I've never had it before, but it is tasty.

I had the chicken shawrma rice bowl which was really good. It was seasoned nicely and wasn't overly salty. It was a huge portion for only like $8. The person behind the counter recommended the garlic and hot sauce over. I went with it, and it was fantastic!

The inside was modern and clean. The staff is really nice too. Overall, worth a stop if you're near and looking for some food.
Very fresh food!  I ordered a salad/rice bowl with falafel. This was my first time and I was a bit scattered on what to order, but the lady was so friendly helping me pick out what to get.  I was impressed with the price and how great the quality was. Yes to pita chip!

Make sure you check in to get the free hummus and pita chips!
Im a huge shawarma snob, and i tell you this place is top notch. Chipotle style with so many options, and large portions. Its like food crack, always want more :p
I have never eaten Mediterranean food in my entire life. The only exception has been an occasional Gyro on the boardwalk. I stopped in a pita chip today on my lunch break. I only did so because the other restaurant  I was going to was entirely too crowded.

I have to say that I was thrilled with my pita wrap. The women that were working there were extremely helpful and recommended some toppings and sauce for my wrap.  It was the perfect mix of salty and savory. I would highly recommend trying it if you are in the temple area.  It was a large size wrap and cost approximately 8.
After a dozen visits, it's time to finally review one of Temple's staples. I am blessed to have so many options to food throughout the city, especially with the onslaught of Caviar and Postmates, but a favorite routine I have with my boyfriend is to stop at Pita Chip to grab bowls.

There is a good amount of seating but it can get crowded depending on when you come. 

To those who have never been, ordering is akin to being at a Chipotle. You pick your style: pita or bowl (rice, salad, or half and half). Then you go forth and get wild with whatever toppings you'd like.
The website lists your options if you like to plan your orders in advance. I don't dislike any of the toppings but if you might, I'd suggest asking for an item on the side to see if you like it or not. 

I love love LOVE the buffalo tahini sauce (I haven't gotten anything else) but my boyfriend says the original one is good too! I also saw a vegan sauce option so my vegan pals, keep that in mind!

The prices are pretty decent in my opinion as your bowl option is HUGE (I can never finish it) and it's around $8 or so. I tend to get a rice and salad bowl with spicy hummus and falafel (AMAZING), along with their onions, tabouleh, salsa, and cilantro. Yes, it's as good as it sounds. Yes, if you are reading this and considering coming/ordering here, just do it already.
It's a build-it-yourself place. The employees were very nice and explained what every thing was since it was my first time here.
Pita Chip was brought into my office building. I loved my salad!! It was fresh and I loved the variety. I ordered beef shawarma with a ton of toppings. Also, that buffalo sauce was awesome. I loved the heat. I am looking forward to the next time Pita Chip comes back to my office.
This place is awesome. Quick service, hefty servings, good customer service. One of my favorite places to eat around the Temple area. Ingredients are fresh and tasty. Give it a try if you're around/visiting this area!
The pitas here are the ones I grew up eating. Somaya's as far as I know. So there was a feeling like I was eating at home as I scarfed down the falafel sandwich once, and the beef shawarma another time. Compared to the other spots on North Broad street there, I think Pita Chip is one of the better ones. It's not the best pita sandwich I had in my life, but I suspect one of the better ones on campus. It's all relative.
First time ordering and it was amazing. Very large portions, really really tasty food, and was warm even though it was delivery. The 1/2 rice and 1/2 salad bowl had chicken that was very flavorful and tender, and covered with great sauces. Well balanced flavors for all of the foods.
Pretty solid schwarma. I like the build your own option and tons of different items you can add to it. Service is quick and sandwich came out very tasty. Good portion too. Would come back again!
I ordered build your own salad bowl with roasted veggie. The greens fresh, the veggies are perfectly cooked and very flavorful. 

Hummus is great and creamy 

Baklava: traditional and Nutella. Both are delicious. Very crunchy pastries and they stay intact. You should get these.

The container is environmentally friendly
i really was impressed with the food and the service, we came in here spur of the moment and were pleasantly surprised! We were immediately greeted and everyone making the food was very pleasant, the girl at the register was so nice! I had falafel with rice and a few other things in the bowl, fries, and seasoned pita chips! It was really delicious, everyone else i was with said the same! The wraps were a really good size, it was very clean also, the price was a but high but for good quality and great service it was fine!
Falafel is great. The fries with the garlic sauce are amazing. Definitely recommend. Easy mobile ordering through Yelp.
