Killer 10 out of 5 star pizza BUT sadly killer on the wallet! I think they know it's killer on the wallet because they've given us a few free pizzas.. especially when our bill is been over $150. Yes $150 for 4 pizzas and drinks! My brain says RIDICULOUS but my stomach says OMG MUST EAT MORE, so obviously in this mind over stomach struggle the stomach has won and we have returned a kagillion times. I'm pretty sure that when our wallet is empty they will continue to give us free pizzas. Bahahaha sob sob sob 
Def the best pizza on planet earth, and possibly in the galaxy! seriously there is no comparison, nothing in Philly, NY, or even Italy.. well maybe Italy.. but you get my point!!
I FINALLY visited pizza Vetri on New Years Day. I live nearby, and have been wanting to try it for a while. I was very happy, and so were my tastebuds!  

Its small, so you walk in and there's likely a wait, but the servers are soooo friendly and everyone kept us informed where we'd be sitting, and how long the wait would be. Great communication! We only waited maybe 5-10 minutes, awesome! 

I had the beet & goat cheese slice special, which was sooo damn good I didn't want to share it with my friends! It was on a special square-type bread, not normal pizza crust, which was even better! I also had the Rotolo, which is only $4.50 for a delicious taste of dough, cheese, and pistacchio pesto all rolled up together in a ball. Delicious! 

My friends ordered a large pepporoni pizza, which isn't my pizza of choice, but they seemed to scarf it down. Also a small Marinara pizza which looked and smelled amazing. 

I'll come back! The food and service was excellent. The prices for single-serve items were good, but I thought the pizza prices were a bit steep. But overall, I reeeeeaaaaally like this place!
If you're looking for the perfect pizza in a relaxed yet trendy atmosphere then you can't go wrong with Pizzeria Vetri. There is something about their dough that just cannot be matched by any other pizza place. I'd recommend getting pizza, calzone and the fried dough dessert just to experience how amazing and versatile their dough is. This place is consistently amazing, has a great bar and fun atmosphere. Can't go wrong!
Pizza is boring, right? Not so fast. Try the Lobster Pizza originated here at Rittenhouse. 
Lobster pizza? Say Whaaaaaaat? 

At first, I ordered Pizza al taglio, the plum & honey one ( $6). I made the wrong decision by ordering it. I'm not a big fan of square thick pizza. So I took a second and closer look at the menu, that when I saw Rittenhouse. I knew I had to order it, and I wasn't sure what to expect. Rittenhouse is a 12-inch thin crust, crisp gourmet pizza, topped with absolutely tender lobster, delicious and tangy san marzano tomato sauce, garlic, and melted cubes of bufala mozzarella cheese, and red pepper flakes. It was delightful and SO.DANG.GOOD! 

Even though I just ate the whole pizza- all by myself! I still managed to leave a tiny space for dessert. Never underestimate the power of dessert.I got a cup of Affogato, a match made in heaven. A cup of Fior di Latte and Espresso. A cup that did the trick for me! Satisfied my sweet tooth with a kick of caffeine. An amazing WOW.

I have never been to the Spring Garden sister restaurant, so I can't compare, but I was impressed with the service. Suzana, one of the managers I think, took the pizza al taglio off my check, without me asking for it. Also, Rebecca, my waitress, was very attentive friendly, and patient. Talk about great customer service with a smile. 

Pizzeria Vetri prices tend to be on the pricer side, compared to other pizzerias( close enough to Nomad.) Their prices ranges start at $12 for Marinara Pizza up to $26 for the Rittenhouse Pizza. However, you can get pizza by the slice ( al taglio) for $6-8. I think you'd be better off if you get the 12-inch and instead of the al taglio, and pay a little bit more. The 12- inch is round not square, bigger, and way tastier!!!

This location is the birth place of the Lobster Pizza, hence the name Rittenhouse. I bet you Ritthenhouse peeps. This will be a hit! 

Vetri, I will be a regular! 
Four Yelps!
They have lobster pizza!! Lobster, on pizza! And yes, it really was that good.

Don M. and I got a "seafood medley" of pizzas, namely the tuna pizza in addition to the lobster pie. They were both wonderfully tasty and satisfying. The pizzas really are "small" - don't order one to share between two people, unless you're eating something else beforehand, or you're just not a lover of food in general. If so, why are you here?

I have not been to the original location, but will be going once I move to the neighborhood shortly. I'll have to agree with other reviews that the location, though 1 block from Rittenhouse Square, is in a pretty crappy alley overlooking a parking garage. Not much for a view if you sit outside. But the interior is very modern with exposed metal and "hip" tunes playing. Damn I'm old.

There is a pretty extensive dessert menu which I did not partake in, but I like the concept. They have bottled cocktails and a pretty decent selection of beers in cans/bottles. I'll be back to try their square slices and the aforementioned desserts, fo sho. To quote my man, this was place "yum yum in my tum tum." Yep.
'Za 'za galore!

This place is doing some interesting things with pizza and I am here for it!

We arrived for a dinner date and it was packed. We had reservations but it was a bit of a wait anyhow given the crowd. Since it's located in the heart of the Rittenhouse area, we put our name down and just spent some time in the park to wait out the time. 

The hostess ended up calling me about 45 minutes after putting down my name, which was a blessing since we had definitely worked up an appetite. Our seating was by the "bar" area, which was cool as it gave us a show of how the pizza was put together while we enjoyed our meal. Inside it's hip and modern, the motif is a mix Art Deco and diner casual creating an ambiance that's intimate but relaxed. 

We chose to order two pies. A traditional margherita and a butternut squash pizza. The pizzas are thin and light - made with fresh dough, seasoned well and throughout. The butternut squash pie was a nice surprise. The sauce was made with the gourd and topped with fresh spinach and feta. 

The service was nice. The server was great in tending to our water glasses and making sure we were enjoying our time. 

The bill was a bit on the expensive side since after all, we had pizza... but I think it's worth it if you're dining in. 

I'm hoping to find my way back here, hopefully as the weather starts to warm up, and to see what other culinary creations are in store.
I want to love it! I don't. The salads are amazing! Fresh inventive. The pizza at best is just ok. I never understood why people rave about it. I have the same issue at Osteria. It really doesn't taste like Italian Pizza. I like the blistered crust. The ingredients seem first rate but all three times I've been here the pizza has been floppy. And the service can be sporadic at best. If they are going to expand this into an empire it needs some real work. Sometimes you lean too much on a fabulous reputation.
Trust me on the following: Crudo Pizza and the Wasserbombe Hefeweizen. Thank me later. We waited 45 mins to be seated, mainly because we were a party of 5. The server was great...super nice. We shared the Rittenhouse pizza and the Margarita along with the Crudo. All of them were great but the Crudo was exceptional. It's the perfect balance of prosciutto and two cheeses. We didn't order dessert but the table next to us did and it looked incredible. They had the Nutella pizza. I HIGHLY recommend the place!
Medium size pizza restaurant in an alley way across from Hyatt Centric. I was staying at Hyatt and the restaurant was busy almost every night I was there. Decided to try it and was not disappointed. Picked up a hot date and made a date night out of it. 

Sat at the bar and ordered two pizzas after sitting and watching them make a few of the pizzas in front of us to see what looked good. Found out from my local date that mushrooms are a thing out in the area, so we decided on the shroom pizza and also a white pizza with prosciutto. Paired with some wine and beer and of course some hot pepper flakes. 

The pizza dough is killer. Fluffy and immediately hits your mouth full of flavor. There is also an olive oil on the pizza and just wow. It was SO delicious. If I didn't have a date with me, I would have just dated the pizza. Really good.
This place is pretty good. I can't say it's amazing because I ordered two pizzas. One was margarita and the other one was fig Gorgonzola. So the margarita pizza was kind of dry and was slightly bland. Also it's safe to say that I had very high expectations. The pizza was pretty good but I probably wouldn't rave about it because it's definitely forgettable.
This place was across the street from the Hyatt Centric so I had to stop by as I heard great things about their pizza.  I ordered their Margherita pizza.  My experience with Neapolitan pizza was their crust doesn't hold the weight of the sauce but this crust did and had a very nice char.  I really enjoyed my pizza.  Will come back next time I stay at the Hyatt.  Our waitress was so nice and welcoming.  They have four outdoor tables.
Having been to the Fairmount PV on a few occasions, I was admittedly a bit disappointed by my visit to the Rittenhouse location. While the Rotolo was as good as ever (note: must get), my Margherita pie was really kind of soggy and I had trouble keeping the toppings from sliding off because the crust was so limp. I only downed part of it and figured I'd take the rest of it home and try to crisp it up in my oven. My server asked if I would like to take the rest home, which I said I did. Problem is she must've misheard me because I was given the check but no pizza, as it must have been deep-sixed. Oh well, probably belongs there anyway.
Yes, this is really delicious Neapolitan pizza that I would say is worth the effort and wait. The ingredients taste fresh and flavorful so you can't go wrong with any of the pies on the menu. The crudo and the sausage fennel pie make a good team. Very nice selection of drinks. 

The ambiance of the restaurant was casual but somewhat too loud. The tables were understandably but not pleasingly placed close together. When we were placed in the middle of a family style table with two other parties, nobody came to help us until we got up and sat at the bar ourselves 10 minutes later. The food came out so fast that I didn't mind the miss in the end. Somewhat pricey but I might come back here when it's less crowded to try more of the menu :)
Marc Vetri is a talented man--and clearly Urban Inc. has rewarded him for his talents! Mazel tov to you sir! 

My mom and I stopped by this Pizzeria Vetri outpost and were far from disappointed. The pizza crust was good, but the toppings were even better. Great sauce and excellent selection. We had the stracciatella cheese pizza and the eggplant--definite standouts that I'd happily eat again anytime. 

The staff is very friendly and happy to make helpful suggestions. The little ones enjoying their pizza at the counter looked pretty happy too--so it's a great family option!
This place can be easily overlooked (unless you knew about it beforehand) due to the construction next to it!

Items we ordered:
1) Meatballs - $9 as of 7/2019.
Very light and flavorful.  The sauce that came with it was absolutely delightful!

2) Pepperoni pizza - $17 as of 7/2019
This was a winner.  Beautifully light and crisp crust with a good char on the bottom.  The pepperoni was sliced thin but still had the awesome cupping and was balanced perfectly with just enough mozzarella cheese.  Sauce was light and had a fantastic tomato flavor that was not too sweet.

3) Blackberry Quinoa salad - $12 as of 7/2019
The premise was interesting.  Blackberries with kale and candied nuts. Unfortunately they also seasoned it with salt which I assume was to counter the sweetness but they overdid it with the salt which ruined the overall dish for us.  If they didn't add the salt then the dish would actually be quite good.
First time visiting this location and I give it a thumbs up. I love the fast casual vibes here with plenty of communal style seating. It is located in a small alleyway but I don't mind that at all.. you're coming here for the food, not the view.

Ordered the rotolo and the fennel sausage pizza. The rotolo is great flavor wise, but my only complaint is how hard the bread is. When looking at this menu item I expected it to be soft and flaky.. but it was quite the opposite. I know many people recommend it.. but I don't really get the hype. The fennel sausage pizza was delicious and I definitely recommend it!
Yummmm! We ordered the margarita and the zucca (seasonal pie with squash, veggies, and walnut pesto). Although the margarita was the better between the two, the zucca was unique, something different from the usual specialty combos. And it's only here for the season, so why not? Splitting 2 small pies between the three of us was perfect. Lots of bigs tables so it's a great place for group dinners and the service was very friendly. You also get a free rotolo for signing up to their mailing list online!
I finally came over here last night after months of sheer anticipation. The seating is weird, mostly long tables where if you're in a party of 2, chances are you'd be required to share your table. We snuggled into a corner on the bar facing the front windows with a spectacular view of the construction across the street. 

When it comes to pizza, I usually don't give a fuck. Throw anything in front of my face (except meat, onions, mushrooms) and I'll be satisfied. How could you not like anything combined with bread and cheese?However, considering my NY origins, I like to think my standards are pretty fucking high when it comes to pizza. 

The eggplant pizza caught my eye. Eggplant pizza is something I usually order to break up the humdrum of cheese pizza and only sometimes enjoy. My dining companion was aggressively excited about maurizio (rosemary, mozzarella, oo, sea salt) so I agreed to it. He was also set on ordering a mushroom pizza so we did half mushrooms and half olives (for me). 

The appetizers look really enticing as well. The brussels sprouts look amazing. There are also a bunch of salads that take you off the boring beaten path of regular restaurant salad with some shit that looks like it goes in the fucking oven, what the hell? Now you've caught my attention.

Anyways the pizza was incredible. It was like nothing I've had so far in Philly. The crust was crispy but right after you get past the crisp edge, it's like soft, oh my goddd, you just have to fucking try this shit. The rosemary pizza was a really interesting flavor combo and the tomato sauce on the cheese with olives I had was absolutely delicious. The olives were kalamata which I guess is higher quality and more genuinely italian but I'm used to/prefer black olives on my slices.

For dessert we split a cannoli but holy shit I'm not going to lie I was eyeing the nutella pizza. I actually have never had a cannoli before despite multiple trips to the homeland (not my homeland, I'm a ghostly pale broad with northern european ancestry) but it was just a'ight. Perhaps my tastebuds were just dulled down after the pizza adventure. I'm also not sure why we only ordered one cannoli, maybe #diet2018 reasons? Good thing we stopped off at insomnia cookies on the way home and ordered 3 fucking cookies. Savage how they just put the calories up there. Ignorance is bliss.

Bottom line was that this pizza was outrageous. Definitely make your way over here next time you're craving something bready and cheesey. If youer' like me, that would be every second of every day.
It pains me to write this review because I am a HUGE chef Vetri fan. 

Ok here goes : This place is just not up to snuff. 

There I said it. 

Maybe my expectations were just too high since I have been to Osteria, Amis, and alla spina but alas this did not meet any of the high standards I expect from Vetri restaurants. 

So I asked for things like can you add arugula to X-pizza? No. Can you add a fried egg? Uh- no. 

I mean I know that there are certain pizzas that have been formulated but a prosciutto pizza has had arugula and a fried egg added and with fabulous results. Where have I had this? Oh I remember  @ Osteria. But no I can't get it here- WTH? I mean I am paying for it so what does it matter if you have the ingredients? 

My prosecco was served in a wine glass. I know such a petty complaint but I don't like my prosecco in a wine glass - I like it in a flute. It just makes me happier. 

The pizza - the tomato sauce was light and flavorful. The mozzarella fresh- could have used more basil. Overall: okay. 

The server seemed uninterested - at best. There was a lot of milling around and talking among the staff/servers. I know they were slow and all - but you shouldn't neglect customers because you are refilling the water bottles. I saw a table get up and get their own utensils. I had to go and ask for our tab. Really? 

The pizza was fine but again not compares to the flavors of Osteria. I think I will stick to Osteria when I am craving a vetri pizza. That was my experience.
Had a date here a few months back and I still can't say anything negative about the place. On a Sunday evening, the restaurant had a good crowd and we ended up sitting at the bar. We started with a couple beers and shared the Crudo pizza. 

Full disclosure - I am NOT a big pizza fan...there are only two places that will have you believing that I am a pizza gal...a spot in West Philly and Pizzeria Vetri. My date is very particular about his foods too and he absolutely fell in love with this place :) Our service was also on-point. 

In addition to the delicious food, Vetri is a big community and social responsibility guy. How can you NOT support a business like this? Love love love!
So here's the backstory with me and Pizzeria Vetri. I've wanted to love the Callowhill location, but I've just had average and very occasionally above average pizza. This week I'm dealing with the aftermath of a flood in my kitchen and Postmates offers a special for the new Rittenhouse location. Bam. Long story short (or possibly still long), that's how my husband and I ended up ordering delivery Tuesday night.  

The Postmastes deal offered one free margherita pizza with the purchase of another pizza. We order the Margherita pizza and a Salsiccia pizza. Five-million hours later (obviously an exageration, and also not to the fault of Pizzeria Vetri based on the high demand of this sweet deal), our pizzas arrive. 

They were a little cold and required about an 18 second heat-up per slice, but otherwise were terrific! I've had both of these pies before and they've belonged in the above average category. They do these ones well. I've had issues with Pizzeria Vetri crusts being too burnt in areas, but this wasn't the case at all. The pies had the ideal level of crispness. I'm not going to include the descriptions of the pizzas, but each pie held true to the standards and exceeded the expectations of how a margherita and salsiccia pie should be. 

Alright, Pizzeria Vetri Rittenhouse. You've got me intrigued. So far, so good.
First time at this location and I love it. It's very laid back in terms of the atmosphere with plenty of seating. 

For two, we ordered a Rotolo and the Salsiccia (fennel sausage pizza). The Rotolo was very flavorful and I loved the crunch the pistachios brought to the dish! My friend thought that the dish was a bit salty due to the amount of ham in it. The pizza was delicious! The fennel brought an slightly sweet/earthy refreshing taste to the pizza. The crust was thin and crunch and all the ingredient tasted very fresh!

Definitely recommend and I plan to be back to try their other pizzas!
1. The play list came directly from the recesses of my mind. ATCQ, Wu Tang, and Mos Def in succession? Yes, only God could have thought of that. First win. 
(And then Nas came on)

2. Salads, pizza from heaven, and a great beer list. 

3. Super awesome service. 

4. Communal seating.
Quality pizza and food. The restaurant is very casual. If you are looking for a more intimate restaurant recommend going to Vetri. This was perfect for dinner (or lunch) after a day of shopping and wandering the city. The wait staff is extremely friendly and helpful. The service is quick and they do a great job clearing the tables. For three people, we got the Caesar salad to start. The Caesar is excellent and classic. The dressing is homemade and lettuce was fresh. 

We then shared two pizzas, the fig and prosciutto (seasonal) and the sausage. Recommend the both though i really liked the figs. 

Great place to stop by for a quick bite. The bar menu is also excellent and have a good happy hour special!
I came here for the pizza after dark night. Unfortunately the night I went they ran into a lot of hiccups and it wasn't that great. It is also a new event so they are learning.

However, I contacted them and they wanted to make it right. They invited us back for a private event. It was amazing! We got a tour of the kitchen, we got to make our pizzas at the counter, they even gave us the fresh tiramisu for dessert. It was a great experience and I highly recommend attending the pizza after dark event. 

The pizza is really good and the ambience is nice. Really feels like Italy. Also the mozzarella is to die for! 

Overall I will be back because of their customer service. They realized their event had an off night and wanted to make it better. Most places don't care enough about their customers but they do!
This is the first time I dine in here. The restaurant was very busy and full on Black Friday afternoon. We were seated by the bar. Service was nice and food came out quickly.

Rotolo is a must have appetizer here. It has ham and ricotta rolled in dough with chopped pistachios.

Fall salad consisted of among others sweet potatoes, brussel sprouts. The vegetable were perfectly cooked with some charred parts. It comes with some flavorful romesco and light dressing. Highly recommended 

Margarita pizza: we ordered the large size for three people.  Nice stretchy dough with fresh tomato sauce and mozzarella cheese
We had a good first experience at Pizzeria Vetri. The staff was really attentive and pleasant, as well as super nice to our little dog (bonus points for having dog-friendly outdoor seating!).

The pizzas were good. Their crust was very thin and crispier, so if you like your pizza with more elasticity, I'm not sure if their pizza will hit the spot as far as texture is concerned. That's probably my only real "complaint." The sauce was good and the mozzarella was quite salty (not a downside at all) on the margherita pizza. We tried the seasonal polpo pizza which was loaded with octopus. Overall an interesting pizza that I wouldn't be opposed to ordering again. The meatballs were a little too charred on the outside and dry on the inside, but their sweet red sauce was tasty enough to power me through. 

Overall, Pizzeria Vetri was a positive experience. We were excited to find a pizza place with a dog-friendly outdoor area since we were traveling with our pup. The staff was wonderful, and I enjoyed their pizzas. We'll definitely be back at some point. Especially if we're craving some pizza and are staying in the area!
Went back a couple of weeks after opening.  This time went via the street route (instead of cutting through the fancy apartment building on Walnut - the Vetri sign pointed in to the building - the poor security guys were so bewildered that day) ... had to step over a few questionable blotches on the way there, but I was not deterred!  

We ended up sitting at the front bar to chat with the staff and get a good view of the pizza oven (not sitting by the oven on a hot day).  Split the Crudo pizza (prosciutto crudo, bufala mozzarella, and parmiggiano for $18) it was very good!  Slightly messy as the meat was thin sliced in long strips (and they poured a generous amount olive oil atop this decadence).  Will definitely be back to sample more of the menu!

Good:
- Friendly staff
- Service was quick - we were one of 4 groups there (may change during peak hours)
- Rosemary Lemonade was refreshing - wish I had a bigger glass of it!
- Happy Hour everyday 4-6P
     - Half off Margherita Pizza
     - $2 off draft Beers and wines

Eh:
- Pizzas were a touch pricey, but wow are they yummy.
- Location and route to get there - Chancellor is a rougher alley.

Next time:
- Sit near the ovens (to watch the magic happen)
- Nutella Pizza. Mouth-watering Nutella pizza - get that pie in my facehole!
I love pizza.  When I can get authentic pizza like I had the pleasure of enjoying while in Philadelphia I am all in!  I just wish my stomach was as big as my eyes!  

I ordered the margarita pizza because I like plain cheese.  This pizza was AMAZING.  You have to be prepared for the real style Italian. But trust me the taste will outweigh all the cheese you get on American pizza!

Enjoy
Ordered the eggplant pizza and was beyond disappointed with it. So many things were wrong. The cheese was cold. The pizza was soggy. 

Went down a block afterwards to Whole Foods and grabbed a slice that was INFINITELY tastier. Shout out to places that make good food. No shout out to Pizzeria Vetri.
I heard this place was doing a family pack special for takeout during the pandemic, so I know when decided to order this with my roommate. He managed for two dinners. We can order through Uber eats but I realize that if you can support the restaurant directly you should go there to pick up instead. There are cute drawings on the pizza boxes with crayons for kids. The pizza was still barely warm. However the reheating instructions were just right and it was delicious. The fennel and sausage combination had acid cutting through the sausage's heaviness which I loved. My roommate's favorite is pepperoni and while I usually don't choose that flavor, it was very good. We both sung the praises of the meatballs, which were out of this world delicious. The tiramisu was very good, on par with restaurants. And while he avoided the Caesar I found the dressing extremely flavorful.
I braved the frigid cold last night to meet up with my momma and sister at Pizzeria Vetri. I had been talking it up so much and they were excited to try it for themselves. They got there at 5:30, me at 5:50 (I am chronically late) and automatically the waitress placed a glass of wine at my seat. There was only 10 mins left until the end of happy hour ($2 off wine) and my mom said I would probably order one. While I was actually going to get a beer, I really appreciated the effort by our waitress. Sometimes I feel like at other restaurants, servers take their time because they don't give a crap if you place orders before the happy hour cut off or not. The hustle was appreciated, in this case. We also got an order of their margarita pizza (1/2 off) in as well. 
For starters, we tried the arugula salad and of course, the Rotolo. The salad was delicious. The potatoes were creamy, there was salty cheese, bitter arugula...YUM. I loved it. The Rotolo was excellent, as per usual. We had the Melenzana pizza as well, I could not resist that stracietella! 

Ok, so here is where it gets weird. Last night there was a mysterious explosion at 21 and Chestnut, and somehow around 6:30, the electricity went down at Pizzeria Vetri. This was somewhat hysterical and mildly concerning. The door had to remain open because otherwise the fumes from their oven would have built up to unhealty levels, so we were pretty cold. However the staff was so funny about the situation that it definitely made our dinner memorable! We were planning on lingering for a while, probably having dessert and another glass of wine, but we decided to hurry along. Fortunately, that just means a return trip for another affogato...

I was tempted to give 4 stars, but it would have hurt my heart to do so. I love the pizza so much. The electricity situation was unfortunate, and we would have appreciated maybe 10% off, a coupon for a future visit, complimentary beverage...something as a gesture of "sorry your expensive dinner was hurried out by this circumstance." To me, that seems like hospitality. Oh well, as I said, I will be back regardless, and dreaming of the straciatella until then.
(to the sweet tune of Sia's "Elastic Heart")

And another patron bites the crust
Oh why can I not take his 'za?
And I know that I'm still waiting for ours....
Can't face this calzone without weapons.

Sure, they're just a fork and just a knife
And I wish that one was sharper, yeah.
But another patron bites the crust
Yeah, let's be clear, I'm going in....

You can't beat this dough....
I'll eat just one more piece.....

'cuz it's got crisp crust and the perfect cheese
Though sometimes it may flop in the breeze
Toppings can weight it down, this pizza's so thin
So eat it fast and you will win
Get yourself a rotolooooo
And bask in the glory of their dough.

Bask in the glory of their dough....
Just bask in the glory of their dough.

OK, now that THAT'S out of the way: last night was my first jaunt to Pizzeria Vetri's alley location. Nestled carefully on Chancellor street, semi-stealthy that you sort of have to hunt it down, we traipsed in ready to try one of everything. Except, their were three of us. So we decided to try one of three things. 

1. Pizza al Taglio: Large, rectangular slice of the day (meat and non-meat options available).
2. Salsiccia - fennel sausage, roasted fennel, tomato sauce, and mozzarella pizza
3. Calzone - Ricotta, prosciutto cotto, tomato sauce

The pizza al taglio that we got.... it was male. Which, in Italian, just means bad. It was admittedly later in the evening, maybe around 8-9... but this slice was dry and structurally unsound. The toppings that were advertised were present, but in lower quantities than expected AND they fell off so easily that it turned into a fork and knife job. Disappointing.

The salsiccia was not a new dish to any of us, but the pronounced fennel made it an absolute joy to devour. The crust was perfectly crispy, the sausage savory without overpowering the dish, and the fennel light and fresh. My personal favorite.

The real Cinderella story, for me, was the Calzone. Only, in this Cinderella story, she never quite makes it to the ball. She just looks fantastic getting there, and everyone still ends up pretty happy. See, the prosciutto and ricotta was tasty.... it just wasn't in every bite. Unfortunate, but the innards of a calzone are enigmatic and I can't imagine there's any way to fully control. The dish didn't come with enough sauce, though we requested more, it never made it our way. Oh well.

Otherwise, the service was impeccable. Our server, Sydney, was funny, friendly, and went with the flow (such as one of the dining party requesting "the first beer listed." and not caring what it was). She even went out of her way to hunt down the name of an artichoke liqueur we were discussing (Cynar, thanks Syd). The pizza, as per, was delish. The portions of the calzone full of meat and cheese were great. The taglio.... left much to be desired.

I love the options of sparkling water, the prices aren't cheap but aren't outrageous, and the communal tables was a fun setting. We also really dug the music all night.

We'll be back, but we'll probably stick to the classics.
By far one of my favorite pizza joints in the city and one of the best made pizzas I've ever tasted. To be honest, the first time I came here I was rather disappointed, but subsequent visits made me fell in love with this place! Located on Callowhill and a rather easy place to get to with ample parking around, it's easy to drive or walk there. They have an indoor area and most recently a larger outdoor area (given COVID), though I would say still rather limited compared to bigger restaurants. They serve personal sized circular pan pizzas (pretty big for 1 person) or large (very large, don't take it for granted; 1 can feed 3-4 people decently) pan pizzas. Again, one of the best tasting pizzas in the city; they make their own dough and cook it in a brick oven. I highly recommend short rib (seasonal! so get it while it lasts), spinach, and fennel sausage pizzas; they are delicious! In terms of appetizers, the Rotolo is pretty popular; however, it is small and good as a personal appetizer, but not really a group appetizer. They do serve drinks as well, with many signature cocktails and wine choices. They also have a good selection of beer. Price for everything is moderate, and I would expect to spend ~$20 (not including drinks) here. Service is also exceptional, with very well-versed servers. Highly recommend!

Rating: 9.5/10 
Pros: Great pizza! Short rib and spinach are amazing! Great take out/delivery option if you live close by!
Cons: Limited seating
Tried the Rittenhouse location for the first time. Our bartender was friendly and knowledgeable about the beers on tap and about the food, and the service was efficient but we never felt rushed.  The space is clean and modern. Last, we ordered two pizzas: the eggplant, which is a red pizza, and a four cheese white pizza. The red's flavors were very good and the white was fantastic all around (blue cheese lovers should seek this one out).  If I visit PV again I would order the white pizza again and try a different red pizza. (I wonder if the eggplant pizza has too many wet ingredients for the crust to crisp up properly, or if it was just an off night because the pizza's top was crazy charred but the bottom of the pie was soggy.)
I'm a huge fan of Pizzeria Vetri on Callowhill and was excited that it opened up in Rittenhouse. 

The food is still top notch, with the same menu plus a special pie for the location called the "Rittenhouse" with lobster. 

However, I have to take one star off this location's review on Yelp because of the lack of the same feel. The restaurant is located on Chancellor street which is essentially a back alley with a bunch of parking lots and dumpsters (far enough so you don't actually smell them). The place is a lot darker inside and a little more cramped. 

I will still be a patron of this restaurant, but will always think of how much more scenic the Callowhill location is.
Quick service, phenomenal taste, great balance of ingredients not too cheesy or saucy the perfect lunch
I absolutely love the slightly charred taste of brick oven pizza. On top of this, literally, the pizzas have well thought out topping combinations.  Some of these are really original like Brussels sprouts and pancetta, others are well done traditional pairings like prosciutto and arugula. The salads are a great way to balance out the carbs and the affogato is the perfect way to end the meal. The family style seating means that you may be too close for comfort with your neighbour but you're also overhearing some entertaining conversations. You win some, you lose some.  The service is a hit or miss but generally on the miss side. However, the last time I was there on a Saturday night I wish I was able to leave my tip for the hostess with the dark blue-ish hair, who was on her A game, while greeting guests, bussing tables, and grabbing water.
First statement as we walked in.....the kitchen is closing 10 minutes.....my reply was....its 9:30 you close at 10:00.....but thanks for rushing me.....left a $6 tip on an $80 tab......choose your words wisely in the future......won't go back.....can't recommend.
This place opens till 1am on Friday and Saturday! Great for some late night bites and even after a drink or two early night. It wasn't busy at all when I came on a Saturday night which i was quite surprised. Hope they keep the hours extended. 

Tucked away in Rittenhouse area and across from a parking garage. There are two large tables outdoors but the view isn't so great because of the car park. But the place has a good enough reputation to be in a not so ideal location (like Elixr).

Tried the special slice of the day, the Figs which comes in Sicilian style--thick crusted. Also tried the rotolo which i'm not sure if it's a true italian food or a Vetri creation. It was very nice with generous crushed pistacchio. Can't wait to come back again.
Delicious food and a relaxed environment close to our hotel. The street is under major construction but inside was a nice atmosphere. We split a Caesar salad and pepperoni pizza. The Caesar salad was huge and just $10. The pizza was very tasty and has a unique sauce. My only critique is the smaller 12' pepperoni pizza is $17. Seems a bit steep for 6 slices but it was quality. Our server at the bar was tremendous and friendly. Cool place!
Had a quick dinner here before a concert tonight.  It's right around the corner from my hotel,  the Warwick at Rittenhouse. Really good service,  friendly,  relaxed atmosphere. We just got a marguerita pie which was good but the arugula salad blew me away. Simple, fresh, perfectly seasoned and dressed. And who would ever think to put some potatoes in a salad.
I'm from NYC but would come back here my next time in Philly.
One of my favorite brick oven spots. The vibe is awesome here. The place has a super chill atmosphere (and usually plays old school hip hop). They have long tables that you share with other groups. There is also seating at the pizza counter. The beer list is always good. The service is awesome every time I come here. 

I always get the rotolo, because it is one of the best dough based appetizers. It is like a savory bun with mortadella on the inside and topped with oil and pistachios. It is truly out of this world. 

The pizza is Godsend. The dough is perfect, and the sauce is so delicious. All of the specialty pies are worth trying. Last time I was here, I brought my cousin from out of town. We got the large Neapolitan size pizza with sausage. He was blown away. I always bring people visiting me to this place and it never disappoints. I crave this place often! You must try it.
Delicious and high quality pizza.  A great place to come with a few people and share.  The tables are large and communal, but there is plenty of space, so you are not on top of strangers.  They do a really good job of keeping the tables clean with people constantly coming and going.

I came to this location with two friends, we got the sausage pizza and the fig and prosciutto.  Both were delicious.  You cannot go wrong with the more classic pizzas, such as the sausage, but the fig one was a fantastic choice. Cruist is nice and thin and crispy.  They do not skimp on toppings either.  We also got the Caesar salad to share, it has really delicious homemade dressing, and the lettuce was super fresh, the "croutons" were large yummy bites of fresh bread, and the egg was a nice touch to the salad.  They also have a great wine and cocktail selection. A must try for happy  hour!  Staff is extremely friendly and helpful, a great option when you are nearby!
It's good, but I've had better.  My salad came after my pizza, which made me quite annoyed. The pizza was extra crispy and black, so it wasn't ideal for me. If you want a darker cooked pizza, then this spot just might be for you!
It was my second time dining at this location and both times were pretty disappointing. Be mindful that it's located in a dark alleyway. Beware for the occasional panhandler waiting in the shadows, asking for money to get something to eat. The first time I dined here was for a friend's birthday (small group of 5) and the service was not the most pleasant! What a way to ruin someone's birthday (which the server knew). When I was invited the second time, I thought I'd give it another chance...

The pizza isn't terrible, but I will say DO NOT get the calzones. Totally not worth it and I don't deem them worthy enough to be called a calzone! I'm sorry, but maybe I'm just spoiled from the good pizzas and calzones from NJ/NY?? I overheard the party next to us having their calzones replaced several times because they got it wrong. I should've known it was going to be a bad experience.

Received my sausage calzone and it was a huge puff (really deceiving!). I cut it open and there were literally 4 small pieces of sausage and the rest was just air. (Refer to my pictures.) Are you kidding me?! I asked the server if it was supposed to be that way and she said, "it depends on how the dough rises." She immediately sent the manager over to talk to me. The manager was very nonchalant about the whole thing - "this is the chef's recipe" and "calzones come in different sizes due to the way the dough rises." I can accept that the dough will rise higher, but I still don't think it's acceptable to only put 4 pieces of sausage for the price tag you're putting on it. Fortunately, the manager offered to replace with something else or take it off our bill. Opted for the latter. 3 stars because the pizza is decent and the manager tried to make it up to us.

Will I come back to Pizzeria Vetri? Nope. I can satisfy my pizza/calzone needs elsewhere. Would I recommend it to others? Most likely not. But thank you anyway to the manager!
My parents and I ordered out from here during Pope-palooza in Philly. I had told them a number of places in the city were offered pope-inspired food and drink in honor of his visit and we should (read: must) check at least one out. My dad picked up our order but based on his reporting back, I can tell you it was sketchy. In his words "if I had a choice, it'd be the last road I'd go down in that area. " This matter doesn't match the food. 

For dinner, our sacred sustenance was a Caesar Salad and two orders of the papal inspired "Il Papa" pie with Black Mission Figs, mozzarella, lardo and Pecorino Toscano, oregano and fresh basil. The ingredients of the pie were inspired by Pope Francis' birth country (Argentina) and his current home (Vatican City). The pizza was great but not the best I've ever had. The pizza had a thin crust, which I enjoyed and the flavors were on point. But they definitely skimped on the toppings; there were maybe four fig halves and maybe two fresh basil leaves on an entire pizza. Plus, the caesar salad was teeny tiny. So split between us, we didn't get much. 

Our order totaled to $50 which was pricey considering what we got. Now, this hasn't turned me away from future visits here as I would like to try the Rotolo and a dessert option based on other reviewers recommendations.
Loveeeee me some pizzaaaa!! Vetri is absolutely delicious! I loved the Margherita pizza and best of all it was made right in front of my eyes!! The basil leaves on the pizza were gross so we picked them off and put them aside. 

Vetri is great if you're craving pizza and looking for a casual place to eat! It's located in a small alleyway so it was a bit hard to find but there's nothing that google maps can't fix! 

The pizza is flavorful and the sauce was zesty! I wish the chunks of mozzarella had been melted a little more and also spread out more! 

I'll definitely be back when I'm looking for quick and casual!
(3.5 stars) This pizza really hit the spot. Loved the super burnt crust, the toppings were fresh and generous, and the ratio of sauce and cheese to bread was quite good. I will say not all of them were hits for me, really loved the eggplant pie, the maurizio the toppings were a little overwhelming but the olive oil really cut through, was almost like a garlic bread pie and it was solid, the shroom pie though just didn't have the right topping balance for me, maybe the chives are what through it off. Not a bad pizza option by any means.
I was a bit underwhelmed by the service and pizza at Pizzeria Vetri.  The sauce on the margherita was good but there wasn't a wow factor to the pizza at all.  Service the day I went was also very strange and scattered.  I would definitely pass on this place and save your $$$.   Get your pizza fix from somewhere else.
This place is pizza heaven! Never had a pizza I didn't like! There's one that stood out above the rest. The crude is an amazing pizza! I highly recommend giving the special pizzas a try. Last night had one with peppers and crisp salami. It was delicious. I also highly recommend their arugula salad! So yummy and has pesto as the dressing! Great casual eatery with amazing pizza! You order by the pie. They also have individual slices of Sicilian. You won't be disappointed!
Excellent location with great pizza! 

A group of us came to Pizzeria Vetri for a friend's birthday, and we had a delicious meal :) Between seven of us, we ordered 4 pizzas and 2 orders of the brussel sprouts, which seemed like a perfect amount for all of us to be very satisfied and full. Everyone's favorite seemed to be the Margherita (I hadn't tried that one so I can't personally speak to it), but I enjoyed all the different ones I had tried (Shroom, Crudo, & the Fennel). The brussel sprouts were placed on top of a thin layer of creamy type sauce that made it even more delicious. 

The ambiance is cozy and comfortable. The nice long tables are great for accommodating groups, and we had no problem with seating even though they didn't seem to take reservations at this location. The only downside to the evening was that we felt really rushed, even though the restaurant didn't seem busy or full enough to warrant it. The waiter kept checking on us and asking if we were going to order drinks multiple times, almost aggressively. And then also they brought out the dessert menu for us even when one person was still eating; when we said we weren't going to have dessert, they started taking away our plates almost right away. I can't tell if the waiter was just trying to be very attentive and considerate, because he wasn't being rude, but it was difficult to really enjoy the meal and it all seemed over very fast. Overall, still a good experience. 

Oh, one final plus is that they serve solid sparkling water. My bf commented that the sparkling water was "very bubbly", which always wins bonus points in our book!
What a bunch of baloney.

Came here at 4:30pm on a Saturday, the place was dead and pizza came out cold from the brick oven fireplace? How??? Inexperienced pizza spinners thats how.

They only list two red wines on the menu for $9 bucks a pop, when we asked if they had any other reds the waitress said we have one other I think....seemed a bit odd at a place that is not cheap they give you such limited options.

I am going to cut this review short but will say the bathroom which I never reference in reviews has a facet that looked like it was the cheapest facet any builder can install - you turn on the water and it does not turn off unless you spend about 4 minutes turning the knobs to the top. This is foreshadowing for the meal you will about to receive a half assed meal for the full price. Presentation on the pizza was good, the pizza you ask - charred, cold, not enough eggplant or pepperoni, I will not be back.
This was some of the best pizza I've ever had in my entire life and we work in New York City. I can't say enough about this restaurant. I will literally come back to Philadelphia just so I can eat at this one restaurant again.
The nice thing about this location of Vetri is that you can easily find seating at a long bench for 1 or 2. The pizza is phenomenal. Service is very quick and efficient. A great place to stop before a show.
On my recent visit to Philly, I found Pizzeria Vetri on Yelp (duh!), and it was a great eating experience. It is in the charming Rittenhouse Square area, which is a pleasant walk or a quick Lyft ride from most of the main hotels downtown. 

My friends selected seats outside, which was quaint with cute lights. The service was great even though we were outside of the main restaurant. It is next to a currently under-construction building, so I think it will be more enjoyable to eat outside when construction is complete. 

I ordered the golden beets to start, and they were enjoyable. I would have liked them braised or to add another flavor profile, as they were a tad on the bland side. The Caesar salad was also a bit bland. 

But don't worry: Pizzeria Vetri majorly delivered with the pizzas. Amazing crusts! Great flavors! Prime ingredients! The shroom pizza was the all-star of the menu. My friends also loved their Crudo pizza. 

My only complaint was that I ordered an iced tea, and when I requested a refill, they were out. It was super early in the night, so that was surprising/disappointing.

All in all, I will definitely return to Pizzeria Vetri when I am back in the city for work.
Good pizza, but incredible customer service. We ordered a salad, and the lettuce was really bitter. I called and spoke with a manager that was very kind, and she was very generous in resolving the issue.
On a freezing New Year's Day, we braved the cold to find lunch. I assumed any place open near Broad Street would be packed, but there were only a few people inside when we arrived. That is everyone else's loss, because this was some seriously good food. (Looked like they did some solid business via Caviar, though.)

It was my last meal in the city, and Pizzeria Vetri made it count! We shared a salad of arugula and cheese and olives in a lemon dressing. It was so good my husband said he would love it even without the cheese--and he loves cheese.

We also shared a white pizza with rosemary. It was delicious. The crust was perfect--delicate but held up to the melted cheese--and their cheese is great. I love brick oven pizza, but theirs is far better than most. After such a great meal, we had to try some dessert. The soft-serve was excellent--even on a 10-degree day, we devoured it.

If I lived in the city, I'd spent a lot of my money here.
I came here with 2 friends on a Saturday night around 8:15pm, and we were seated at a bar right against the window. The space inside is open and modern.

We each ordered a drink or two off the drink menu; there's a pretty good selection of beer in bottles and cans. My friend and I split the Funghi Calzone (roasted mushrooms, garlic, scallions, ricotta, mozzarella, parsley) and the Quattro Formaggi Pizza (gorgonzola, mozzarella, smoked provolone, fontina). Both dishes were so delicious! The dough was crusty on the outside and soft on the inside - absolutely perfect.

I can't wait to come back and try some of the other pizzas!
The first time I frequented Pizzeria Vetri I was slightly inebriated. Unsurprisingly, in my cheerful state, I thought that the Salsiccia pizza was the best thing ever. Even though I would normally never order tuna as a topping, I thought the Tonno was pretty tasty. 

Knowing that sometimes my taste buds play tricks on me I decided to try Pizzeria Vetri again while 100% clear minded. I have to say that it just was not as good. Suddenly the pizza went from being mind blowing to just okay. The Margherita was no different than other ones I have tried. While I loved the prosciutto on the Crudo, the ricotta left watery puddles all over the pizza.

Considering the price point and hype associated with Vetri establishments, I would have expected better pizza. Do not get me wrong; I did not dislike the pizza. I have simply had better on many occasions. If you trust my inebriated self, I recommend the Salsiccia.
I've heard lots of great things about this place and finally got a chance to try it out the other day.  The atmosphere is very casual with open seating and an open view of the kitchen. The menu has nice options that aren't the usual pizza fare. We ended up going for the Trentino, and the big version as we both wanted the same thing.  

The pizzas are thin crust but not too thin they are crunchy. The whole flavor of the pie was delicious. The pork speck and balsamic was such a great combo! My brother honestly wanted the whole thing to himself! We really enjoyed the casual atmosphere and even made some new friends with the family seated next to us. 

The staff was superb from the moment we arrived. Greeted with a smile and our waitress was funny and spot on with timing and her suggestions for beers.  It's a great place for a casual but and a great place for a date too since the food is so good you'll want to make it a tradition!
Vetri never fails. Awesome, family-style seating and a playlist that just hits the spot. Go now bc their guest chef from DC has a great special that's a take on sausage and peppers pizza. 

As a table of four we ordered 2 rotolos (taste better than the hype) and 2 metro pizzas. Definitely the better move in terms of size. The salsiccia is so tasty and interesting; definitely safe enough for those who typically don't venture into anything beyond pepperoni. The crudo was outstanding. Really so delicious. 

Pitchers of craft beers are fairly priced. People next to us got calzones and they were stuffed. I hate when you get a sliver of filling and 90% air bubble. This was not the case. 

Highly recommend.
Potentially got food poisoning from this restaurant, but still going to leave this review so I can share my pizza thoughts with ya'll.

Vibe of this place is CASUAL. Very low key, not much to it -- feels "historical" almost. Came with two friends and ordered the following:

Quattro formaggi pizza - This was the best of the night. Just a straight up 4-cheese pizza, no marinara sauce! Thin crust.
Margherita pizza - Was good, but a standard Margherita pizza... nothing too special. Thin crust.
Nutella pizza - I didn't try this, was too full, but my friends said it wasn't as good as they would have hoped! Crust looked very hard and crunchy, not soft and melt-in-your-mouth.

Service was awesome. Probably will never come back due to the food poisoning experience, but have no hard feelings. Overall, I feel like it is a standard pizza joint but somehow there is a lot of hype for this place (that I will never really understand).
Mmmm, I really enjoyed my time here during lunch. Came in a large group right at opening so we could grab a table. So glad we did, bc it got packed! Server brought our a few big bottles of sparkling water and still water. That was awesome bc they didn't have to keep coming back and refilling all of our small glasses each time. Our table ordered 4 large pizzas for a party of about 13?? It was the perfect amount. We all went back to work satisfied or even some of us were overstuffed.

We ordered the following 4:
Margherita
Crudo
Salsiccia 
and finally their special for the day - it had mushrooms on it.

My favorite was the crudo. It had prosciutto, buffalo mozz and parm. No sauce, but it was so delicious! I'm craving some right now as I'm writing this. LOL. The crust was thin and crispy and the toppings were extremely flavorful.

The reason for the 4 stars?? The price is SO HIGH. I would not be coming here often bc of this reason. Who pays $36 for one pizza?? EEKKK
5 out of 5 for the pizza, but 1 out of 5 for the service. My boyfriend and I came here early on a Friday night and ordered a margherita pizza to go. We waited for a solid 30-45 minutes before we decided to ask the hostess (who had been passing by us every few minutes or so) if our pizza would be ready soon. She responded by asking "what was your name again?" in a rather rude tone, then proceeded to grab a pizza box that was buried under quite a few other boxes behind the bar (i.e. it was sitting there for a while). She handed us our pizza and didn't even apologize!

Horrible service aside, the pizza was pretty amazing. The crust is thin like real Italian pizza and not overloaded with cheese. The sauce was excellent although I couldn't really taste the balsamic as advertised on the menu, but the flavorful basil laves made up for it. The restaurant itself is cute inside and tucked away on a side street. They offer outdoor seating, although very limited. Perhaps we'll go back and try dining in, but we probably won't be ordering a pizza to go again anytime soon.
One of the best pizzas outside of New York and New Haven. 

That's probably all I need to say. 

Super thin pie with fluffy crust is what separates this from the others. Pies come out very quickly so if you order more than one make sure they stagger the order so you can enjoy the crust while it is hot. 

If you are in Philly and looking for a pie this is your first choice!!
Popular local spot. The pizza is good, although horribly overpriced. I've eaten here twice now and the only exceptional pizza is the pepperoni. It is out of this world good. 

But the others are pretty mediocre. Dock Street Brewery on Baltimore Avenue in West Philly does way more interesting, inventive, delicious things with pizza than this overly trendy Center City joint. You get the feeling this place gets by on the name and location. 

Both locations in Center City are too cramped and over-crowded as well. It feels like you're eating at a cafeteria. In Fairmount, we had to sit outside at a massively slanted table and there was always a chance our food and drink was going to go falling off. None of the servers seemed to care. I'll be going here again because this place is very close to me and I enjoy the pepperoni at least, even though I have to mortgage my house to eat here. Maybe I'll do take-out next time?
I rarely do this but have to say something. I placed a VERY LARGE order at Pizzeria Vetri for a client gift, a very well known one at that here in the city. I called the day before and the nice girl on the phone told me that it was best to call in the next morning. I tried to explain that this was very timely and since it was going to be a little large, could they take it and have it prepped for the kitchen in the morning - first thing. She assured me this was not necessary. 
I followed her lead and called back the next morning - first thing - to place the order. It went fine and she assured me it would be ready as soon as we got there since we needed it to be ready to run out the door and take to our meeting. 

My colleague and I stopped in and the server told me that it was being "worked" on. I waited five more minutes and asked if everything was ok. She let me know that they put the last of it in the oven. I said that this was a problem as I was supposed to already be en route across town. When it was finally ready, it was 3 minutes before noon - when I was needing to be there. We signed our CC receipt and grabbed the many boxes. As we started towards the door a woman in a low cut tank top wandered up to us behind the bar and said "so what's going on here?" - we literally had no idea that she would be the "manager". We tried to avoid the conversation and just let her know very calmly that we were very late for a meeting after being promised our order would be ready and said we had to go but that we would not be back. She was really not able to handle a scenario like this. 

She then addresses us to let us know that "this was a restaurant" and "we cannot expect things to be ready on time (give it 15 extra minutes). I let her know that this was not what I was told and if so, I should be informed prior to it to allow for this extra "15 minutes". She told me that if we could talk to her like adults - she would listen. I felt like I was in some type of rom com or twlight zone spoof - was she kidding. We then said we were really late and that we could not believe this was her way of customer service. We were then 20 minutes late for our meeting and totally thrown off guard by the interaction we just had with such a high-profile associated restaurant - pizza place or not. 

Something like would never have happened when it was owned by Vetri and not Urban - as to be expected after such an acquisition. Not going back, enough said. 

Spend your money elsewhere - I suggest Slice.
I am giving Pizzeria Vetri 5 stars, as my sweetheart LOVED it...said it was the best pizza he had ever had.  I am not a pizza lover, so I was, not unexpectedly, underwhelmed.  We were lucky enough to be seated in front of the pizza makers and pizza oven, so we were entertained during our meal.  We also had a wood-fired salad, which was an interesting mix of yummy vegetables and pears--very unique. Lots of families and pizza lovers were dining there during Saturday lunch.
Pizza was good. Dough was a little too soft, but sauce was great! Good beer selection too. Overall, liked the vibe and family style eating.
I'm stuck between a 3 and a 4.  Service and ambiance are both 4/5 as the staff was attentive, and you could tell it was a popular and busy place, but it wasn't overly loud or obnoxious.  

There were some flaws with the pizzas themselves that make me wonder if I'm maybe not into this kind of pizza, or if the toppings weren't my thing (or both).

Maurizio:  I liked the cheese, but the rosemary tasted a little bitter.  Or maybe the bitterness came from the char on the dough.  
Margherita:  This one was fine, a standard Margherita.
Porcini:  There were some strange textures on this one from the mushrooms and something crunchy, which may have been garlic.  I wasn't into it, especially because I didn't think it warranted the price ($19).

So, for me, the experience was OK overall - but if I go back I'll probably check out the salads or a calzone.
Still some of the best pizza I've had outside of New York, even all this time after their sale. Most recent visit, we did the crudo, melanzana, pepperoni, and marinara, and I liked them in that order. (My wife preferred the pepperoni to the melanzana.) The crust here is super thin with minimal tip sag, and the ingredients are always really fresh. The sweet tomato sauce also is really great. 

Still lots more I'd like to try here -- we'll definitely be back.
Pizza was awesome & quick.  The place is a hip, fast casual pizzeria - we didn't expect fine dining service.  Would definitely go back for the pizza!  We had the crudo & sausage pies.
Wow this place is a knockout! Excellent, fresh salad, superior pizza, cozy ambiance and friendly servers. 

We had a traditional pizza and one with eggplant which blew me away. The salad was so refreshing to start with - I usually don't waste valuable belly real estate on salad at a pizzeria but this was outstanding. 

They recommended the nutella pizza for dessert which was addictive. Our server told us the chef makes a regular pizza dough for the dessert pizza and then splits it in the middle like a pita and fills with Nutella and marshmallow so it's not like doubly doughy but crisp and To.die.for

Would be my regular place if I lived here and Mark Vetri seems like a helluva guy all around so I'm happy to eat his food.
Quality gourmet pizza at an elevated price.   It's great pizza but they charge a lot for it.  I came here with my brother and we both decided to order one large pizza.  We chose the "salsiccia" pizza - fennel sausage, roasted fennel, tomato sauce, and mozzarella.  It was tasty...but it was pricey at $30.  I can't truly justify this price as we were both still hungry.  There was a small amount of sausage and I felt the mozzarella was lacking in presence.  It was $30  :-(

The presentation was nice.  It was brought out on a long wooden board and placed on an elevated metal wire rack.  Although expensive, it disappeared fast.

They have a large selection and beer to choose from.  You will definitely find something to drink here.  The decor is quite nice with the long wooden tables, spotlights, and semi low-light environment.  It is relaxing if you come by yourself, a date, or a large group of people.  

We finished off with a canoli and called it a night.  I can't say that I would be a regular at this place.  The pizza is just too pricey for what you get IMHO.  They do have a happy hour but the pizza styles offered are very basic.
This is down an alley and there is construction next door so for an out of towner it was a little weird to walk down the alley but we found a gay bar next door so worth it.
This is a causal pizza joint and a short walk from our AirBnB and was work the short walk. 
We got the Shroom pizza and added sausage. It was delicious. Crust was perfection. Full bar and short but good wine list.
I love pizza and I really wanted to love this place, but it just doesn't live up to the hype. 
The pizza wasn't bad but nothing spectacular, a tad bland. I tried again with a calzone- it was so doughy you could barely cut it. 
The place does have a good vibe. The roasted beets were the best thing on the menu. Better places for pizza in the city.
Marc Vetri has done it again! His style on Italian pizza is one of my favorite pizzas around. The pizza is thin crust and slightly charred on the crust. The menu is not too extensive, mostly salads and pizzas. My favorite pizzas are the four cheese and margheritta. Alcohol is served but only beer and wine. The wine selection is minimal but there are many craft beer options. There are long tables that fit ten so if your group is small you will be seated next to another group. It's a very casual atmosphere. The restaurant is kind of hidden down Chancellor St, you really have to know it's there because it's not near high foot traffic. All in all, this pizza place is worth the hunt.
Good pizza for something different than traditional. Nice atmosphere, friendly staff.
Real good pizza. Don't be turned off by the construction site across the alley (as of summer 2019). This pizza place is a gem. I love that you can see the pizza guys stretching the dough and firing the pies in a huge wood fired oven. They take care in their pizza and it shows. 
We got 2 of the large pizzas, they're long. 2 pizzas fed 5 adults and a kid well. I highly recommend the spinach pizza. Caramelized onions, ricotta, spinach salty cheese and chilli flake. It was awesome. 
Also they offer pizza classes for both adults and kids. I thought that was pretty cool.
Causal family friendly spot for delicious pizza! Sitting at the counter has a perfect view of the wood fire oven. Each pizza is hand made and baked by hand! They even float the pizza into the smoke to get that added textured flavor.
I really really REALLY wanted to like this place because the folks working here are incredibly nice and are super conversational which is a plus for me and the wifey.

But.....I really dont.  I've been three times in the past 7 months, and that's probably it for us.

The biggest issue I have is the quality doesnt match what they are selling.  &Pizza is right around the corner and does a much better job across the board.  The pizza dough is better.  The sauces are better.  The cheese is better.  The ingredients are better.

The two most egregious examples of where Vetri has failed us are with the mushroom pizza and the sausage pizza - (names on the menu escape me but they have been on there consistently.)

Mushroom - the toppings were overpowered completely by the chives and garlic oil.  I couldn't taste the mozz, mushrooms, or onion at all.  Could've been mandarin oranges or avocado for all I know.

Sausage - it's been super dried out when we've gotten it (twice now). Not sure why, but it isnt enjoyable.

This is a pass for us from now on.
Excellent pizza. (I just got back from Milan, and Vetri's pizza was better than some of the pizza I had in Italy!)

Fantastic service.

It is a bit on the pricier side for what it is - pizza at (sometimes) communal tables - but I really enjoy myself every time I come here, and I'll keep coming back.
Pizzeria Vetri us one of my go-to pizza places.  There's multiple locations but the center city one is my favorite.  We typically avoid peak hours so we rarely have to wait to be seated.

All of the pizzas are good so its really a matter of preference. The tuna pizza sounds odd but it's a favorite.  I typically opt for the Melanzana which has thin slices of eggplant and super soft and gooey stracciatella. Recently,  I've added prosciutto on top for added protein and it elevates the pizza so much. The calzones are loaded and the dough is so delicious. They also have excellent salads and seasonal roasted vegetables. 

Service is usually always good.  It's a nice quick meal that never disappoints. My only gripe is that it's not good delivery pizza. However, this is the type of pizza you should always eat at the restaurant to get the full experience.
The pizza was phenomenal!!! This would have been at least a four star experience, however, our server forgot about us, though we kept waving our hands frantically at him for the check. He was Abercrombie and Fitch level handsome, but that doesn't excuse this negligent behavior!  Another waiter came to our rescue after at least ten minutes of our panicked signals (on top of twenty minutes of mild conversation while patiently hoping our first waiter would come around). I'll definitely be back, but hopefully our server will pay more attention to us!
Pizza was good, but expensive and small. For the money, you're better off somewhere like Nomad or Zavino.
The location is a tad odd/shady.  Food is nothing like that.  The pizza is offered in small and large size so we ordered a bunch of small ones to taste more.  Everything was great.  The margarita, eggplant pizza, the fig are excellent.  We had a full red pizza with garlic which was great.  Everything had terrific taste.  They also had a Ceasar which was excellent.  Quartered eggs with anchovies.  Really good.  I would DEFINITELY return.
We were drawn in by the free rotollo that came from signing up for their email list,  but the margarita pizza we ordered to go with it was very good.   Decent draft beer selection too.  The service was also prompt and personable.   

Don't let the construction next door put you off.   It wasn't a problem at all at all.
Very disappointed in Pizza by the Slice! We stopped in for the first time on a weeknight after 9pm because the chalkboard sign at the front of the restaurant advertised pizza by the slice. What a disappointment! We ordered 3 slices of the special "Pizza by the Slice" assuming that it would be ready quickly but it took just as long as an order for a full custom pie. When the pizza arrived, it was just focaccia bread over-baked with minimal sauce and a few toppings thrown on top.  Not at all what we expected after waiting as long as we did. Meanwhile, everyone around us that ordered custom pies received thin, true italian pizza, not the focaccia crap we were eating.  And to top it off, we paid $23 for 3 slices of the over-cooked focaccia bread.  If we ever go back, we will order a custom pie. Marc - pizza by the slice is NOT your thing!
I have been to both Pizzeria Vetri locations many times and I have to say, I have never been disappointed. The salads are always fresh, delicious and unique and, most importantly, the pizza is absolutely delicious. My husband and I talk about our cravings for it all the time! The majority of the menu is pizza--reinforcing the notion that it's ok to do one thing, as long as you do it really well. I take all out of town guests here and everyone loves it. I had a friend from NY with me today and she was no different! Our server was Cole, who I have had before and he was great...all the servers are always attentive and friendly.

The white pizzas are our favorites--the Quattro formaggi, crudo and white with rosemary (don't know the name) are all so good. I also highly recommend the fried dough with Nutella for dessert. You will not regret your decision.

I have to say, the one major drawback can be that it's a bit pricey--the reason I did not give 5 starts. That being said, we go anyway :)
I can't get enough of the good pizza here! It really reminds me of Naples Italy. If you like thin crust authentic Italian pizza this is for you. 

Try to specials and my favorite is the one with the eggplant and ricotta cheese. I forgot the name but it is delicious so just ask for it. 

Oh and stay for dessert! The Nutella Pizza is amazing. It's like a sandwich with dough and creamy chocolate hazelnut spread in between! Amazing. 

Compliments to Chef Marc Vetri. :)
Exceptional Italian style pizza. Had the Italian sausage with prosciutto added. Very good, would recommend!
The Rotolo ($4.5) is delicious! It was all delicious actually! We had the Margherita and the Quattro formaggi - both incredible! Very fast service and our food was brought out very quickly. Staff was friendly and it was awesome watching them make our pizza right in front of us! We just wandered in and I'm very glad we did! 

PS. The music took away from the authentic feel as it felt like a nightclub (if that's the worst thing I can say about this place, I think it should show that this place is pretty incredible)
@pizzeriavetri Chopped salad, Lost Abbey Avante Garde on draft, and the Margherita Pie with added Buffala Mozzarella.  Airy, light, flavorful, crisp, and vibrantly sweet San Marzanos hitting the palate with a fresh hint of acidity.  Excellent!
Folks here are helpful and nice.  Worth hitting for a late lunch.
We went here for dinner last night (Saturday) and sat at the bar. The bartender was very friendly, but not the most attentive. We twice had to ask for another round after waiting 5 minutes while he cleaned glassware. It wasn't that crowded. The pizza is pretty good. I don't have anything bad to say about that. But the Caesar salad we ordered was sent out with brown lettuce (see photo). It was overall just gross. And when we didn't eat it no one asked if there was anything wrong. So we paid $10 for spoiled lettuce. Their staff needs better training. I'daybe come back and just have pizza and a beer but wouldn't expect anything too over the top. I wonder if they're just leveraging the Vetri name but aren't investing in good training and quality.
The best pizza you ever had, however the place is so loud you can not talk to the people your with. Placed are order and when we got it it was wrong because the server could not hear up to take the order.
I was thoroughly enjoying myself at this restaurant until my waitress greeted our table and then went missing for practically the rest of the night.  When I commented to my friend who had dined at this location twice before, she had the same issue.  My major wtfs were:  it took forever to take our cocktail order, after she took our appetizer order and finally brought it out..she brought out a pizza stand..we hadn't ordered our pizzas yet because she had forgotten to take that order, we had to hunt her down for 2nd beer, ordered desserts and couldn't finish them and of course had to hunt her down again to get a box.  1 word that describes the experience was annoying.  The food was really good but service sucked.  I would recommend going to the Callowhill location..it seems like they run a tighter ship and the view of the parking garage is kind of a buzz kill.
Some of the best pizza I've ever had! Staff was very friendly and food came out quickly. Atmosphere is very relaxed and great for talking with friends around great food. Will definitely be back!
I wanted to love this place and was so excited to have it in my neighborhood. We went on a Friday night and it was busy but not filled to capacity. The V and T bottled cocktail was good but nothing to write home about. Our biggest complaint was the rushed pacing of the service. Our drinks, salad, and appetizer arrived within 5 minutes of sitting down and all at once. The pizza came out 3 minutes later. There wasn't even room for it on the counter where we sat. Not only that- it seems like they were in such a hurry to get the pizza out that some of the cheese was hardly melted, the pie wasn't hot, and the dough was mushy. If I come back I will definitely ask them to slow the pace and cook the pizza a bit extra.
I placed an order and the experience has left me bemused. We ordered two calzones, one pizza and a salad. One of the calzones, the sausage, was little more than a puff pastry. Bite after bite was essentially empty dough and sauce. When we opened it up we counted maybe 10 total small crumbles of sausage. It was quite the disappointment to say the least.
The corn calzone had a very generous amount of corn but little to no cheese. It was a pocket overflowing with corn but nothing to hold it together.

The pepperoni pizza and salad were nice but when two thirds of those dining have a less than adequate meal it creates a very displeasing experience.

I emailed the business via their website and received only indifference. Their philosophy is once they have been paid they can move on to their next victim. Avoid at all costs.
