Loved their pizza and tap water (she said it is filtered tap water).

We got lucky to dine in here without any reservation. They only have three tables inside due to COVID and reservation is recommended for indoor dine in.

Tap water tasted so soft, why am I commenting about their water but it really was tasty. 

They have a happy hour (ended 15 minutes before we arrived) and price on drinks and appetizers looked very reasonable.

We shared 28" braised pork (seasonal) and the pizza was very good. I liked that texture and flavor of the dough.

Sometimes pizza sits in my tummy for a while and I tend to avoid eating pizza but this place is exception. I would eat their pizza often if I live nearby.

I enjoyed watching the chef cooking from the dining area. They all ware mask and face shield. I know why but I wondered if they get really hot near that oven.

Staff was friendly and overall it was very pleasant experience dining in here.
I met up with a friend for lunch outside on a gorgeous afternoon a few weeks ago. There were plenty of outdoor tables which were covered by a tent that was open along one side. Because it was so sunny, it actually felt quite warm but I bet the tent would be great at blocking some wind on a chillier day. 

I was happy to see some booze free options on the beverage list, and ordered a Don't Call Me Shirley, which was a simple club soda with housemade grenadine - fantastic! 

We shared the arugula salad, margherita and mushroom pizzas. I specifically requested the salad first but everything was brought out at the same time. Nonetheless, every single item was delicious! So delicious, that my husband and I ordered dinner from the Pizzeria Vetri in Rittenhouse that same night.

I feel like Philadelphia has gone from pizza desert to pizza wonderland in a pretty short time. I don't always think of Vetri when I think of pizza, but it's a consistently solid spot that shouldn't be overlooked.
After hearing a whole lot of hype about this place I can tell you that it's good pizza. Not necessarily great pizza, but good pizza. It is vastly overpriced for what it is, but that's typical amongst artisanal pizza places.

The rotolo is probably their best offering. It's unique and low priced, and a great starter in general. I love their use of pistachio, and it just all comes together to work well as a dish. The pizza is good, but nothing groundbreaking. The crust is fluffy but also floppy when you pick it up. The speck pizza I got was very tasty, but this was mostly due to its toppings. The speck was salty and flavorful, and the onions and pistachios gave it an interesting texture. 

I would have the pizza here again, but it's not something I would go out of my way for. If they dropped their prices just a smidge, I might be more willing to drop in for round two. Pretty good overall.
Very hip and casual restaurant.  Everything was tasty.  Great place to eat, talk, drink and spend out.  
The server wasn't as friendly tonight but maybe they were tired.  But I would recommend this place to all.  Bon appetit.
Let me see, hmmmm, "I've experienced better" (Yelp's "two star" description) at almost everywhere, including, but not limited to, other Vetri places.

When I walked in, I actually liked the cafeteria style long tables, it made me feel like I was in for a NYC fine pizza experience.  Even ordering an overpriced, lightweight, 500 ml carafe of their house Sangiovese made the anticipation climb...pizza and red, can't get better than that, right?

We had the Heirloom tomato salad to start.  I'd have to say the baby kale was tender and not bitter, with a nice balsamic reduction.  The tomatoes were average in taste and the small ones, not the meaty heirloom tomatoes to which one may be accustomed.  And the flatbread served with the salad was totally worthless, dry, stale, tough to chew.

Then came the bubble buster, the friggin pizza.  We ordered the  Salsiccia (fennel sausage, roasted fennel, mozzarella and tomato sauce).  If there was 3 oz of sausage on the entire pizza, I would be surprised.  Other than a couple sprigs of fennel for decor, the roasted fennel was absent any taste, let alone a roasted flavor.  The tomato sauce was nice and light.  But the beautiful looking thin crust was soooooo soggy, you couldn't lift it up, it required a knife and a fork.  Wet crust sucks!!!!!!!!!

There is a way to avoid that from happening, serve it on a raised mesh screen, this will prevent the crust from steaming.

I have no reason to return here.  Now over at Osteria, they know what they're doing.  ;-)
Marc Vetri, a Philly chef who was trained in Bergamo, Italy. Our worlds will never cross unless he opens a restaurant in NYCs Meat Packing district. I've been reading about his accomplishments over the years, James Beard Award winner and pasta magician. When I was passing thru Philly, I was now a man on a mission.

Walking into Pizzeria Vetri, I have the place to myself. I've been reading on Yelp that I have to try the Rotolo. It sounds simple, Pizza dough rolled up with mortadella, ricotta and topped with pistachio pesto.

I want to try the pizza, I ordered the Crudo pizza. Topped with yummy prosciutto and bufala mozzarella, this sounds like a some brotherly love happening at Pizzeria Vetri.

My Rotolo comes first. Man.. this is krazy good. I thought this would be like every New York pizza roll but this is something that's chef'd up. Totally took me by surprise. This is a must order item when you come to Pizzeria Vetri.

The Crudo pizza almost had me knock off a star. The taste was amazing! My only issue? The mozzarella had some cold spots. I asked the waitress if I could have the pizza reheated, she said there are board of heath issues, yada yada yada. Guess what? The salty prosciutto had me coming back for more, this was a damn fine pizza.

I came, I saw and I conquered Pizzeria Vetri. What an amazing restaurant, if you never had Marc Vetris food, you should swing by to appreciate his simple everyday Italian creations.
Often time the crust of a pizza will either make or break that pizza place. Pizzeria Vetri has their crust down to both a science and an art and it really makes their pizza shine. 

Yes, it is a little bit more than what you might be used to paying, but their pizza not only uses top quality ingredients, but the taste of their pizza is top notch, as well.

You can't go wrong with any of their pizzas. I would definitely recommend here when you are looking for a great pizza.
Decidedly underwhelming, but still good.

Here are the facts:

1. Communal seating only.
2. Two kinds of wine: "house" red and white. Outrageously priced at $8.50/glass.
3. If you're not into meat on your pizza, you don't have that many veggie options. It's Margherita, or eggplant, or lots of cheese. There ain't nothin' green round these parts.
4. If you like meat on your pie, there's no pepperoni, or soppresata. Sausage or prosciutto only. 

Flavors are standard. Quality cheese, sauce and crust. Service is fine. I wouldn't rush back...from Vetri, I expected better.
Three of my girlfriends and I picked Pizzeria Vetri for this month's GNO, and we were not disappointed. The restaurant was actually a bit smaller than I expected but fortunately there was no wait for us to sit on a Tuesday evening. Seating is community-style at long tables. I loved that they already had the hot red pepper flakes and parmesan shakers on the tables. 

We started with salads, the wood oven and the arugula. I stuck mostly to the arugula (though I stole a slice of prosciutto from the wood oven salad - wise move), which was absolutely delish. It's topped with roasted potatoes, pesto and olives. So pretty much some of my favorite things on a plate right there. 

We reasoned that four girls should have four pizzas so we ordered the margherita (the best version I've had in a while), the quattro formaggi which may have been my least favorite though certainly tasty, the sausage and roasted fennel pizza which was very nice, and finally the melanzana with eggplant and stracciatella cheese, my hands-down favorite. Is it shameful that we had only one or two slices left when all was said and done? Maybe, but I have no regrets. 

Vetri does it again!
I've heard constant legend of the pizza creations that Vetri has been able to concoct at his other establishments. Unfortunately the sheer fact that I've always been in awe of his many pasta, meat, seafood, salumi, and then some that his other menus have to offer have also attributed to his pizzas constantly alluding me. So when I found out that he was set to open a pizzeria in Fairmount I was absolutely smitten with the fact that I'd be able to try the bulk of his pizza offerings without being overwhelmed by the slew of other options. And overall it delivered a plentiful assortment of greatness.

Upon entry I noted the roomy interior with plenty of unique seating options. And I instantly loved that my dining partner had chosen the side corner spots that gave us a grand view of the pizza over and the process of preparing the many pies that it created.  Upon seating we were welcomed with the extra attentive service that Vetri's restaurant are known for. From bottled cocktails and wines by the tap or carafe, to an eclectic assortment of beers by the bottle or cans, the pizzeria definitely has the assortment of libations. And we were satisfied by the Sly Fox Helles.

Much like Osteria, Amis, and others, Pizzeria Vetri utilizes the finest and freshest of ingredients alongside the most authentic of traditional Italian pizza cooking methods to create some serious pies. And if you go with 2 or more people its the perfect opportunity to share to your hearts content. The Salsiccia offered the perfect blend of fennel sausage and roasted fennel with mozzarella and tomato sauce. And my companion had an incredible special pie with a bit of eggplant, mozzarella, tomato sauce and potato. With pies like that, a traditional Margherita, a proscuitto crudo with buffalo mozzarella, and then some there are reallly no wrongs choices.

Add in an impeccable calzone, plenty of salad options, desserts like soft serve ice creams, and after dinner limoncello; and there are plenty of reasons to love here!
If there is anything that I love more than love itself, it is PIZZA. A really good pie does wonders for the soul and while it cannot cure cancer, it can certainly resolve those hunger pangs! A few girls and I decided to meet up for diner after work, and I was pretty excited since I have heard so many good things about this place!

Since it was a nice day, we sat outside. I ordered the Post Road, while the others decided to wash down pizza goodness with wine. We ordered the pizza of the day which was a slice of roasted pear, thyme, mozz, and gorgonzola with a dash of honey. That slice was seriously good, and I could have eaten a whole pie of that. But I didn't because we had ordered two pies and the arugula salad. (We were really hungry). The Renato was a simple, yet tasty trifecta of rosemary, olive oil, and sea salt. The Salsiccia was made with some serious love. Fennel sausage, tomato, and mozz. Lastly, the arugula salad! I really enjoyed this! Hearty potatoes married well with the pesto sauce.

I will always remember this dinner, and cannot wait to go back.
A great takeout option, when you're in the mood for something easy and casual, but more upscale than Dominos or Chinese takeout.  Our order of 3 gourmet pizzas was ready in about 10 minutes, and every bite was delicious.

I had the Tonno with tuna, grilled onions, tomato sauce and mozz.  I love the thin crust, delicate toppings, and flaky crust.  I saved half of mine for later, but one person can easily polish off a full pizza without being stuffed.  I wouldn't recommend sharing one between two people unless you are just looking for a snack.

My friend who spent 3 months in Rome has tried almost every pizza on the menu, and swears this is the closest thing to real Italian pizza he's had in the states.  A little more pricey than say Papa John's, but in a completely different league.
Moving to a new apartment for the sake of a new restaurant seems a bit absurd. But having Pizzeria Vetri next door certainly helped solidify my desire to move into the Granary Apartments last week. All three all-star chefs were on hand for the weekend - making sure things were running smoothly and that the dishes were being executed properly. Chef Vetri held court at the pass - drizzling olive oil and putting the final touches on the pizzas before they went out. 

Rotolo ($3.50)
Pizza dough, mortadella, ricotta, pistacchio pesto

One of my favorites, the dough is well seasoned and has a great crisp crust which lends to a chewy interior. The lusciousness of the olive oil coats your tongue with the lightness of the ricotta contrasting nicely with the savory nuggets of the pistachio pesto. The weight of the mortadella was interspersed throughout this pocket of dough to create a hearty bite every time. A must order (provided it's not sold out!).

Calzone ($16)
Ricotta, prosciutto cotto, tomato sauce

The outer crust was littered with salty cheese and the char on the exterior was well executed. The folds of dough were just thin enough so it didn't overpower the innards. Any thinner and the calzone would burst! The weight of the prosciutto cotto or 'cooked prosciutto' was balanced by the tang of the light dressing of tomato sauce within. The ricotta was so fresh it seemed to have the texture of fresh mozzarella. I wouldn't let this bad boy sit too long or the thin dough may have the chance to get soggy. I can't imagine anyone letting this sit for too long without being eaten. 

Pizza al Taglio del Giorno ($6)  

Tonight, it was the roasted red bell peppers and there were only two left! I appreciated that our waitress Pamela put our order in for the pizza even before she took the rest of our order - just to lock it in. Each bite starts with the initial crispy crust, which lends itself to an enjoyable chew. The essence of roasted red peppers was imbued in this pizza, with thin red pepper slices littered throughout. Salty hints of cheese came through to cut through the sweetness of the red peppers. I even found a nugget of roasted corn in one bite - though that might have fallen over during service from our next dish.

Wood Oven Salad ($12)
Roasted corn, chanterelles, green beans, prosciutto cotto, ricotta salata 

As the GF remarked - this was definitely my type of salad. There was absolutely no lettuce, but the 'green' element and texture to the dish was embodied by the snap of the green beans and sweet roasted corns. The chanterelles provided a nice earthiness to the dish while the prosciutto cotto provided the majority of the weight for the dish. The pressed, salted, and dried ricotta provided a nice salty enhancement to each bite.

Margherita ($14) 
Basil, mozzarella, tomato sauce 

Finally, it's pizza time. Of course, we had to order the margherita. This was nicely executed and certainly one of my favorite iterations in the city. As expected, the crust is perfectly crispy, yet also chewy - a perfect dichotomy of textures. The basil and tomato sauce are bright elements to the dish. Sourced from Di Bruno Brothers, the mozzarella provided a nice weight and creaminess to each bite, with the olive oil bringing it all together. 

Melanzana ($14)
Crushed san marzano, eggplant, stracciatella, oregano 

The umami of roasted eggplant simply can't be beat. This was my first time trying stracciatella cheese, which had a bright funk that complemented the tartness of the San Marzano and helped to cut through the lusciousness of the aubergine.

At this point in the meal, it was announced that Pizzeria Vetri was out of fried pizza dough, bufala, and ritolo. Eager diners waiting outside had to be turned away as well. Looking at my watch, I realized it was only 8:48PM. And to be sure, it's not for a lack of prep! 

Cookie Jar ($5)
Pignoli, almond cookies, pistacchio gnocchi, chocolate biscotti 

We enjoyed the pignoli which were unsurprisingly studded with pine nuts and emanated the essence of creamy almonds. The almond cookies were coated in powdered sugar and were actually our least favorite of the bunch. Each bite of the pistacchio gnocchi had an initial rush of sugar, with the nuttiness of the pistachio coming through on the finish. Last, but not least, the chocolate biscotti was imbued with dark chocolate was a nice way to end the meal.

Pizzeria Vetri is definitely a bright spot in the Logan Square/Fairmount restaurant scene. It offers a hip atmosphere where adults and kids alike can enjoy well-crafted 'za and other Vetri specialties. It certainly is the most relaxed of Vetri's joints. In my mind, it's simply a testament to Vetri and his team. It's nice to see the wide range of patrons they are hoping to engage in the hopes of inspiring or perhaps simply providing enjoyment with their cuisine. But really, all I know is this. I'm gonna be eating a lot of pizza until my lease is up.
You can't expect this place to be bad right? I mean its Vetri, its pizza, its in a cute little area of Fairmount... what's not to like?  The atmosphere is open and there are large shared tables in the middle with counters along the wall and a large counter in front of the pizza oven.  You can grab one of these spots and watch them make the pizzas, though be warned it makes it harder to choose which to order because they all end up looking so good.  

The pizzas are delicious, and unlike some of the other artisan pizza places come in large (good for 3-5 people) or small (good for about 2 people).  There are lots of choices all of which are different and yummy in their own right.  My favorite is the four cheese, but the crudo and pepperoni are amazing, and the margharitta is simple perfection.  Everything is fresh and the crust is thin without being crunchy.  They also have a great beer list and very knowledgeable staff.  

It's not cheap and for a larger group you definitely need a few pizzas.  Its the new popular artisan style and not what you get at a normal pizzeria but I like it more.
Maybe it's sacrilegious that I'm posting this review on National Pizza Day, but I wasn't wowed by the pizza here during my first visit.

I arrived to the restaurant first and was offered a communal table or the pizza counter. Decided on the table since my party could have the end portion.

I didn't order a drink, but they did have a nice selection of craft beer. Their desserts also sounded interesting, so maybe one day I'll have to head back and try something other than pizza. But as for the actual pie? Ehhh.

The quattro formaggi pizza wasn't *terrible.* It's not like it was burnt to a crisp or was some flappy dough. In fact, it appeared to be presented the way it was supposed to be -- and that's a bit unfortunate.

I'm sure the gorgonzola, mozzarella, smoked provolone, and fontina cheeses that the establishment uses for the pie are top-notch, but I wasn't a fan. Maybe I'm just used to four cheese pizzas with ricotta on 'em. I don't know. I would not get it again. Also was told that the margherita was just okay.

Kind of a bummer visit, overall.
We all know Marc, and we all know he knows a thing or two about making damn good pizza. So setting up a joint solely focused on his pizza was a damn good move.

The crust is thin and fluffy, the sauce sweet and tangy, the toppings fresh and select - and you get the added bonus of being able to watch them craft your order. Even if you have no idea what it is, order the rotolo (it looks like a cinnamon roll, but it's a savory, pistachio and ricotta-filled delight).

Some caveats:
- It gets cramped in here. Elbow room not guaranteed.
- They don't take reservations. (consider bringing a magazine or crossword puzzle)
- If you're a woman sitting at the pizza bar, it can occasionally get ogle-y. 

But the pizza's really good, promise!
As someone who has dined at Osteria, Amis and Vetri, I am extremely underwhelmed with Pizzeria Vetri. I think the easiest way to explain the experience is by sharing with you my meal for two:


One 12" Crudo Pizza (not great) - $18.00
One Caesar Salad (terrible) - $10.00
One Rotolo (decent) - $3.50
3 glasses of (average) wine - $25.50

After tax and tip = $71.52

I don't know if my stomach is upset from the   horrendous Caesar Salad or the size of this check! Take my advice and walk 4 blocks to Pete's Famous Pizza and order a large $12 pie and a couple of craft brews from their cooler. Trust me that it will be a better meal than this and it will cost you $50 less!
So two things here are probably the best in the city: the Rotolo and the red pizza sauce. Both are amazing. Second to none. 

We got a Rotolo, pepperoni pizza, and a ceasar salad. The salad dressing wasn't as creamy as I would have liked. The pepperoni pizza was covered in pepperonis. Pizza doesn't have a lot of cheese. 

The Rotolo is to die for. It's like a savory cinnamon roll. Definitely has nuts which is delicious. 

It's common seating so you may sit with other people at your table. Great to make friends and see what other people are ordering. 

The pizza oven is open for all to see which creates a cool experience for all but especially kids. Great craft beer selection mostly in bottles. Good wine selection too.
I think everyone is running on the fumes of serious hype and marketing on this place.  I don't hate it, I'm not in love with it.  When I get the bill I definitely loose any love that may have been in my heart for the place.  It was close to $100 after tip for two pizzas, and two drinks each, for lunch.  We didn't walk out stuffed, or drunk, either.  I'm not basing this review on price at all.  Obviously, this place is very busy, and others are satisfied with the price point.

I love the location, the concept, the seating, and most of the feel.  As usual, I reviewed the menu before going down, and I was excited.  I was so happy to see the Tonno on the menu.  I'm Italian.  Growing up,  tuna was in our pasta, pizza, and pretty much anything with a tomato sauce,  especially at this time year.  My friends, and in laws, have always been disgusted by this.  Thanks to Mr. Vetri for incorporating this aspect into his pizza.  I really feel he opened up a lot of peoples' eyes.  I actually made a pizza with tuna a few months ago for a holiday gathering. I was blasted for committing such a terrible offense.  I mentioned it was a traditional family recipe.  At that point insults started being thrown at my family.  I then told everyone about the Tonno at PV, and all of a sudden I was rockstar.  They loved my pizza.  They would have asked me to remove it from the residence immediately otherwise, let alone anyone actually tasting it.  PV starts at 3 stars before I even set foot in the place, based on the redemption of tuna on pizza alone.

The reason PV does not accel beyond those three stars is in the details.  If you're shooting for an exceptional wood fired pizza these days, everything has to be beyond perfect.  The crust is decent, it could have used more crispiness.  It had the nice, flavor filled dots of char; but had no crisp at all.  This was a real shame, because a slight crisp would have highlighted how light and airy it is.  I really do think the sauce is excellent.  It's still a sauce, but it has a fresh crushed tomato sweetness and a natural acidic byte.  This is the secret to amazing pizza, along with the crust.  The mozzarella was decent, kind of average.  Overall, it has everything going for it to be a solid wood fired pizza, but falls flat on assembly.  Notice I stated SOLID, not blowing my doors off in satisfying  the three key factors. 

This is where the first offense occurs.  Am I really supposed to be satisfied with two, sometimes three, inches of untopped crust on the edges? Granted the crust is good, but you're really cutting our pizza in half.  Filling that outside rim with sauce and cheese doubles the area of actual pizza.  Are they skimping on sauce and cheese?  Does PV think it's appealing to a have 6" diameter area of actual pizza in the center of that field of crust?

The second offense was a detail thing as well.  I loved that the red pepper flakes and grated cheese were front and center.  These are an absolute must for a great tasting pizza, and need to be applied by the eater in their preferred ratio.  The red pepper flakes were excellent, as was the quality of the grated cheese.  The problem was that it was impossible to get the cheese out of the shaker.  Grated cheese shakers need to be rotated through the refrigerator constantly to keep the cheese dry enough to actually be usable. You can do the old school, Italian thing and unscrew the top before even checking if it's dry enough to be shaken, but it's still going to come out in huge balls.  It shouldn't be this difficult.

I love the selection of beer, and a huge plus for a good selection of cans.  There's just something satisfying about a great beer that you can get get in a can, especially with pizza.  I had a bottled, aged Brooklyn cocktail, and it was excellent.  It definitely should have been for the price.  Okay, I'm sorry. I'm going to back to cost again. It's pizza, served in kind of a traditional style pizza place.  If a hoagiemouth pal offered to buy me lunch, and I took him here.  He'd probably see the bill, knock my lights out on the walk home, and stop at Wawa for a shorti to stop his stomach from growling.   The bathroom arrangement is also kind of bizarre.  I grew up entering the Italian restaurant through the back door, saying hello to everyone in the kitchen.  They've reversed this concept, where you get to meet everyone in the kitchen doing the walk of shame to the single sh--ter.  Skimping on the lavatory seems to be a common theme for most new restaurants in the city.  So I'm really not going to hold this against PV.

Three stars for effort, but I'm probably not coming back.  Most things are done right here, and done very well.  Although, it claims to be a pizzeria.  Which means the pizza had better be the performer.  I'll make the drive to get a better wood fired pizza, for almost half the price, at DiMeo's in Andorra.
Yes, woohoo, this really is as good as it gets. Perfect crust, perfect sauce, fresh ingredients, nice casual vibe, a few good salads, some decent wine:  everything is just right.
I was unexpectedly surprised with how much I liked this place. I came here for a late dinner, just wanting something small and light since I've been eating all day. It's a pretty small and cozy place, with a few tables outside. All the tables were taken, but we were able to sit at the high tops where they made the pizzas. Best seats in the house!

They were super efficient in making the pizzas. All the ingredients looked fresh and plentiful on the pizzas themselves. The pies coming out of their wood burning oven looked amazing. I enjoyed watching them make them through the night. Looking at that, as well as the menu, I didn't want anything small anymore but wanted to try a little bit of everything.

Got the Italian Cesar salad- anchovies topped the salad so it had that saltiness in each and every bite. The pizza dough as the croutons were warm and doughy.

While waiting for our pizza, they had an extra calzone and hooked it up for free. Thanks!

Got the pepperoni and crudo pies. I love the crust of these pizzas- perfectly charred from the oven. The pepperoni was crunchy and not oily. It was like eating tiny pepperoni chips! For the crudo pie, The prosciutto was great with the buffalo mozzarella and every bite was salty and creamy. 

Even though we were full, we wanted to try the nutella pie for dessert. So glad I did! The pie was again perfectly charred and the nutella and marshmallow was perfectly melted. I just wish I had milk to wash it all down.

Overall a great experience. The hip hop music playing in the background topped it all off. It wasn't too loud that you could still hear yourself carry a conversation. Will def go back next time I'm in the area.
Finally made it to Pizzeria Vetri for the first time last night. We were there early, before the crowd hit, and who should be there but Marc Vetri himself with business partner Jeff Benjamin, so we got to chat with them (and they kindly comped us a couple of things).

We sat at the counter (the rest is communal tables), and started off with some great beers (all bottles or cans), which is one of the strengths of Pizzeria Vetri (among others, Russian River Damnation and Perennial Aria, the latter was absolutely killer). They also have some Gotham project wines on tap, although I didn't try them. Did try a Italian Sloe Gin Fizz cocktail (sloe gin, bluecoat, limoncello, club soda). These cocktails are interesting: they make big batches and then bottle them in-house with paper tags instead of labels to identify their contents. Tasty and fun, but I'm not really clear on the point of bottling cocktails?

More importantly, I quite enjoyed the one Neapolitan-style pizza we shared, the "Salsiccia" (with fennel sausage, roasted fennel, tomato, mozzarella). Although the crust is a bit unusual, extremely thin (underline extremely), but also light and airy. A bit difficult to eat by hand, but then that's why they give you a knife and fork in Naples. We can debate which local Neapolitan-style is the best, and I haven't been to all the new ones that have popped up in the last couple of years (shout out to my fav in the 'burbs: Vecchia!), but I'd definitely be a regular at PV if I lived nearby.

Unexpectedly, my favorite bite of the evening was the daily special Roman-style Pizza al Taglio, which last night was topped with prosciutto and gorgonzola (and maybe something else that I didn't catch). Actually, as we were engrossed in conversation our slice got cold on us. So we asked them to toss it back in the oven, and what came out was even better than what went in, extra crispy and chewy at the same time.

Let's see, what else did we have...

~Wood oven salad, with roasted parsnips, carrots, celery root, turnips, prosciutto cotto, smoked scamorza--I enjoyed this, crisp roasted vegetables juxtaposed to the tender prosciutto cotto.

~Fried pizza dough, with citrus fennel sugar--A giant bag, and delicate Blackfish beignets these are not! A fun, casual end to the meal, but I don't know how fewer than 6 people could finish this much fried dough.

Finally, what about the famous Rotolo, an app with pizza dough done up like a cinnamon bun stuffed with mortadella, ricotta, pistachio pesto??? After the huge buildup, I have to say I was a little disappointed.  Tasty, but I'm mystified about the level of praise this dish has received.  In contrast to Trey Popp ("the best savory pastry in town"), I'd rather have the pizza.

Service was friendly and fairly efficient, but it did noticeably slow down as the place filled up after 6PM (Wednesday night). I'd recommend going at 5PM to beat the rush (no reservations). Quite a bit of metered/kiosk street parking in the area.

All in all, I really enjoyed our meal and will definitely be back.
I've been here dozens of times, but the last two times in the last few months have showed a drastic downward pivot. The cooks tonight just didn't care about making a good pizza. Our melanzana didn't contain the San Marzanos as advertised, and was skimpy with the burrata too.

The San Marzano deceit particularly worries me. They obviously think they can get away with it because most people can't tell the difference, and this should offend everyone.
Had lunch at Pizzeria Vetri yesterday.  One of us had the margherita and one of us had the salsiccia.  The margherita was fine, but the salsiccia was sparse.  The salsiccia is fennel sausage, roasted fennel, tomato, mozzarella, but more accurately, it is a LOT of roasted fennel, a morsel or two of sausage, and the rest.  Don't get me wrong, it was tasty, but not worth the cost.
I think the little beers are somewhat overpriced for their size, but probably appropriate for the area and the mystique, such as it is.
The cookie jar dessert is pretty great, though.  8 cookies and every single one was delicious and takes me back to my childhood.  I mean, who makes kourabiedes nowadays?
I have eaten here 5 times. The pizza is just ok. I like it but it doesn't travel. At all! Quality ingredients but it's not like Italy, but what is? What you should order are the Salads. They may be the best in the city. They are inventive and unique. Great combos and they always have a seasonal special. It's always crowded and it's best to sit outside in season. I wish the pizza was better but.....
Pizzeria Vetri... where do I begin? Their philosophy is "the best quality ingredients with simple preparations."

Pizzeria Vetri's standard margherita, as I knew from previous exposure, is a model within the prescribed parameters of the form. I particularly admire the sauce, which is less acidic and bitter than many, and about as sweet as possible without tasting sugary.

John Sidoti is skillful enough to make something exceptional out of the utterly simple: Vetri's Maurizio pizza, with four simple ingredients on a plush circle of dough: rosemary, mozzarella, sea salt, and olive oil. 

Highly recommend. Pizzeria Vetri is remarkable, and you would be doing yourself a disservice if you didn't dine here at least once.
At last, a casual eatery by the Italian culinary stallion, Marc Vetri. While the pizza is indeed very well executed, there were ample opportunities to fine-tune this fledging eatery.

Wood Oven Salad (Toasted Parsnips, Carrots, Celery Root, Turnips, Prosciutto Cotto, Smoked Scamorza) - 2 out of 5
This is not a salad. There was no lettuce. I was expecting a vivid, earthy, and starchy salad, and received some hybrid of deli ham and a deconstructed antipasti. There are copious shavings of ham that form a bed underneath some under-seasoned, and overly greasy, unidentifiable root vegetables. I'm equally upset that this menu item is a misnomer and an oleaginous mess.

Crudo Pizza (Prosciutto Crudo, Bufala Mozzarella, Parmigiano) - 3.5 out of 5
The crust was perfectly crispy, soft, and stretchy dough that was flavorful. Vetri excels at making an A+ crust that is both doughy and comforting while simultaneously minimalist and light. The top of pizza was a bit oily and the mozzarella was cold. 

Cookie Jar (Pignoli, Almond Cookies, Chocolate Biscotti, Pistachio Gnocchi) - 4 out of 5
$5 affords you a small paper bag with two of each of the four aforementioned bite-sized cookies. The chocolate biscotti were one of the best biscotti I've tried. The chocolate was heavily pronounced and elevated, I'm presuming, by the addition of coffee. The pistachio gnocchi were positively irresistible: moist and teeming with rich pistachio flavor. I only wish there were more...

Ambiance - 3 out of 5
The space is smaller and the dining room shallower, than one would expect. There is limited seating and there are no plans to take reservations.  When new guests arrive through the entry, the swing of the door sends a rush of cold air throughout the dining area. The added outside entry doesn't do the best job to mitigate the problem. This is truly a casual joint; don't expect comfortable chairs. While we were seated at the bar, we noticed a steady flow of take-out orders.

There is a gas and wood-powered Renato oven, which renders out the pies in approximately 2 minutes.
We've been eager to try Pizzeria Vetri since it opened and tonight presented the perfect opportunity for an early dinner. We arrived at 5:40 and the place was packed - no space for a table of 3. Good for them being so busy during a time I'd still consider the early bird special!!! We put in our name and I got a text about 15 minutes later that our table (or pizza bar seats, I suppose) were ready. The service was fantastic from the moment we walked in. The hostess and all servers were extremely attentive and friendly. No one gave us a hard time that the 3rd member to our party wasn't there yet, which I felt bad about because there were people waiting for tables. I really enjoyed sitting at the pizza bar and watching the hardworking guys toss pies.

We started with the gin fizz bottled drink, which was pretty disappointing. I was shocked because all the ingredients are my favorites, but it was just...meh. For the three of us, we ordered two rotolos and a white pizza with rosemary. The food was good, but not mind-blowing. I was super excited for the rotolos and those were disappointing. The dough on the exterior was seemingly overcooked whereas the dough in the center was undercooked. I didn't taste any pistachio pesto - just some crushed up pistachios. The pizza was yummy and fresh though. Overall, it was a decent meal, but I don't know if I'd rush back with so many great wood-fired pizza spots in the city.
came here on a friday night with some friends. JUST A NOTE IT'S BYOB but you have to pay a corkage fee. i think it's cheaper to actually buy alcohol there.

we got a large margherita, small proscuitto and small sausage to split between 4 people and each of us got our own rotolo which was a mistake, those things are heavy!

the rotolos were so delicious and different than anything i've ever had! i would definitely recommend 2 people split them though

the margherita wasn't anything to woo about but the proscuitto pizza was definitely a great one. service was great and i'll definitely be back to try some more pizzas!
The only thing better than pizza is scrumptious, indulgent and INTERESTING pizza! Pizzera Vetri far exceeded my expectations in these categories. We arrived here a little unconventially, which was a result of my boyfriend asking an ESPN baseball writer and self-proclaimed "food lover" (better than 'foodie') about his favorite places to eat in Philly via Twitter, so this was an intentional trip with high hopes!

After crusing around the Fairmount area for a while, I was surprised to walk into a high-ceilinged room with a primarily industrial feel. It was empty but we were greeted by a friendly host who directed us to one of the enormous community size tables. Our server was very helpful in explaining the menu for us first-timers and gave off a very positive and approachable vibe. She recommended getting two pizzas between the two of us because she "usually just eats one for herself." While I didn't forsee that happening, there were so many appealing choices, I couldn't rule anything out! 

We started with that and the arugula salad, which is made with coal roasted potatoes, pesto and taggiasca olives. I could tell by looking at the salad that it would be good; and every single bite was leafy green heaven. The pesto was perfect, light on the oil and a great complement to the other ingredients. I actually found that the heavy potatoes detracted from the enjoyment of the salad and left those to the side.  

The first pizza that grabbed my attention was the Renato, a simple white pizza with mozzarella, rosemary, olive oil and sea salt. I was somewhat underwhelmed with my first few bites, but later realized that piece was just burnt! (Hey, it's thin crust pizza, have to take the good with the bad.) My un-burnt slice was the PERFECT white pizza, which is one that hold its own and doesn't make you think "wait, something is missing here!" Pizza can be just as perfect without all that red sauce. But, speaking of which...

We quickly came to a mutual agreement that a second pizza was necessary to sate both our palates and our curiosity. Our server recommened the marinara pizza with oregano, crushed san marzano tomatoes, garlic and olive oil. We added mozzarella because cheese is one thing a pizza should NOT be without! This pizza was also perfection, quite an upgrade from what you'll find at your local shopping plaza pizza joint. It's obvious that they use fresh and quality ingredients which is always a plus. My only qualm was that the pizzas are a little small for what they cost, but I suppose that ties in with the quality appeal. We ended up not being able to finish everything and took several slices home, so these babies still lasted a while. (Though I cannot confirm nor deny if I took a bite of leftover Renato on the way home.)

Believe it or not, after all the cheese was said and the olive oil was done, we still ordered dessert. We definitely chose the worst dessert on the menu; not my first choice, not pointing any fingers though... We shared the fried pizza dough with citrus fennel sugar. It had way too much fennel that didn't do much being just slapped on top of fiery spheres of tasteless, deep-fried carbs. Not the best way to end our meal, but now we know for next time.

Overall, fantastic pizza and minimalistic yet comfortable atmosphere. I can't wait to go back and try some more of the specialty pizzas. (They advertised a 'pizza of the day' slice with PEACHES that sounds like a delicious summery twist!)
Stopped here after convocation at the Cathedral Basilica for a celebratory meal  service and food was awesome.  We had a couple pizzas, a calzone and wood fired salad.  Excellent.
I can't believe it took me so long to check this place out. 10/10! Came here for dinner on a Friday night around 7pm and there was a 30min wait for a table and to sit at the bar. Sat at the pizza bar, which was cool because you see the chefs making pizza in front of you and putting it in the brick oven. 

Service was on point and very attentive. My friend and I each ordered our own personal size pizza and share. She ordered the Margherita and I tried the Maurizio. Definitely do one red and white pizza. Both absolutely delicious, but we both were a bit obsessed with the Maurizio. Perfect herb flavor, cheesy, crisp and satisfying. Reminded me very much of focaccia bread just a bit cheesier. 

We also ordered golden beets to munch on as our app. I would 100% order this app again. Creamy and delicious!
Worthy of the Vetri name. A very nice place with great pizza. I had the Malenzana, so good. Will try the Quattro formatting next time. Agree with other reviewers that the edge of the crust is burned. Otherwise five stars
I've been here at least twice now, this place is great, as long as it's what you're looking for. Pizzeria Vetri has sort of a strange mix of really nice gourmet pizza place and standard corner pizza joint. It's not cheap, but it's not fancy, the food is good, and it comes out quickly. The place is small, there are communal tables and a counter that faces the oven. The menu is simple, pizzas are great, and they have a decent bottled beer selection.  5 stars may be a bit high, but I liked this place, so I'm sticking with it.
I love their Pizza! Review done.  
Okay, I'll give you more, lol.  I've been here a few times, it's hard to put my finger on the type of Pizzeria this is as far as ambiance.. it's definitely not your casual local pizza shop nor is it your upscale fork and knife Pizzeria, but somewhere of a happy medium.  It's bright, airy and smells amazing.  They have the open pizza kitchen bar which I love and always try to snag a seat there, weird because any other place I wouldn't opt for the bar seating, but I like that idea better than the cafeteria style seating option, plus I like watching them work their magic on the pizza.  The first time I went it was definitely a plus because watching them make different pies helped me decide what I wanted.  Vetri is one of those places where I have tried a number of different things... the crust and sauce are amazing and the toppers fresh so safe to say anything you get will be good... which is one of the reasons I've even venture out and got a calzone which was in fact amazingly delicious! Ive even taken my pizza loving little one there, I was curious to get her take on it.. I thought she might complain about the cheese not being what she's used to, or the pepperoni not being big enough, but actually she loved it and devoured the whole pie to self just like any other.  

I will say this on Sundays they close at 10, not 11 as posted on yelp. I came in at 10:02 one Sunday night and while the kitchen staff at the pizza bar under their breath said they were closed, the manager took my order to go of course and actually prepared it himself, which was greatly appreciated.  There were patrons finishing up their meals and they were finishing up a very large order that came in shortly before me but it was still made with care and deliciousness. 

I would definitely recommend a trip to Pizzeria Vetri. Your tastebuds will thank you!
Had an early dinner here with my two kids after exploring the Barnes Foundation.  The restaurant is a great finish to an afternoon at the Barnes.  The service is friendly and fast and the food was delicious.  Very family friendly and good fresh pizza.
Two words: food poisoning.

After a long day traveling to Philadelphia with little else to eat, I was excited to get some food and ordered the slice of the day, a caesar salad and a beer.

The next twelve hours were filled with gut wrenching pain as I laid on the floor of the hotel bathroom attempting to expel the vile refuse from my system.

The "cookie jar" dessert I ordered to-go still sits on the counter, untouched and mocking me. I think it's best to throw it out.

I certainly found one place I will never return to on my travels to Philly.
Makes me want to dance.
I was craving pizza and all the Mt. Airy neighborhood pizza spots disappoint. So I was in town and decided to give this place a try before I headed home.
Yay. Just went back a second time for the same two pies. Now, I'm not a huge fan of indoor dining during a pandemic and I did see people seated inside. But they have really easy and efficient ordering online which made the process fun and quick.
So the pepperoni and the spinach pizzas are my favorite. They are packed with flavor and the crunchy edged pepperoni pieces are my favorite. Each pizza is enough for one person so on a date order at least 2 pies. They also reheat really easily in an air fryer (fun fact).
The spinach pie is white and the onions and the cheeses just make it a festival for your tastebuds. I now trust their flavor combinations enough to try other options but I probably won't. These are my go-to's from now on. 
Service seemed to be friendly. You can drive up and call in to see if your order is ready. Once they brought it to my car. Another time I had to get out and get it. Either is fine for me since I still side-eye dine-inners. Like... why. It's still a pandemic. Anyway, besides my judgment of others, I highly recommend this be your pizza night choice if you're in the area.
Yummy pizza with great combinations but the menu is very small. The seating is family style, which was fine for our family of 5 on a pretty empty day but many might not like this. A bit pricey but the pizza was great.
After a long day of city-sleuthing with a friend, we checked Yelp for some food ideas. Pizzeria Vetri popped up, along with their mouth-watering pictures of their pizza. Sold! Once we arrived, we stepped into a small, modern pizza shop. It has a lovely industrial interior with a black paint finish, and has lots of cool art hanging from the walls. In the back, customers can sit at a bar arranged around the brick oven, so you can see all the ingredients going onto your pizza.

We had a lovely waitress who gave us a run down of the menu and the special of the day. We started off with drinks and chose the the fragola, which is a sweet concoction of vodka, strawberries, and prosecco. 

On to the rotolo for appetizers - a yummy dish containing pistachios, pesto, pizza dough, mordatella, and ricotta. The outside of the rotolo was nice and flaky, which contrasted nicely with the soft interior. Flavoring was perfect. 

And for, the main feature - the salsiccia pizza. We got the Napoletano size, which is big enough for 1-2 people. The other option is the metro, which is served on a long wooden board and is recommended for 3-4 people. This was hands down the best pizza I've ever had in my life! The crust was thin with a perfect char. Even with the few ingredients on top (fennel, sausage, tomato sauce, and mozzarella), flavor did not fall short. We ended the meal with affogato, which was a great palette cleanser and a nice energy booster from the espresso. 

The food was great, and the service was even better. You bet I'll be back.
Very good pizza adjacent to the Barnes Museum, so also convenient. This is a classy pizzeria, but retains some of the Philadelphia verve and edge. There is communal-style seating, including counter front and back. The back of the space is dominated with the large pizza over, as it should be. 

The pizza is more of the thin-crust variety, and you can tell they pay a lot of attention to the ingredients, from the sauce and dough, to the toppings and cheeses.

Surprisingly, they have very good salads to boot, and while other pizzerias may rival Vetri's in terms of the pies, the salads here are a few steps up. No thrown-together side salads heavy on the iceberg lettuce, or chef's salads with random low-quality deli meats, the salads here are more thoughtful and entree style in their arrangements.

The only low-brow aspect to the menu was the Nutella pizza dessert, but I guess that can be fun. Maybe I should loosen up.

Decent beer list, and the wines are standout for a pizzeria, which is symbolic of the more rarefied environment of Pizzeria Vetri relative to the usual mom & pop shop.
Came here early on a Friday night; it was not too crowded.  If you sit inside, the tables are communal so you may be tight on elbow room.  There are also counters.  We ordered the melanzana pizza and the italian caesar salad. The pizza was soggy. When you lifted a slice off by the crust (as you normally would when eating pizza) all the toppings slide off.  It was disappointing.  The flavors were good; but the sogginess of the pie made me wonder how come this place has gotten such rave reviews.  I looked around and the other diners appeared to have non-soggy pizza.  They were actually holding the crust and biting into the pizza, whereas we were scooping our toppings off the plate.  So perhaps it is just this style of pizza that needs help.  I don't know.  I suspect that the pizza was made beforehand; dough rolled out too thin.  The soggy part of the pizza was also cold.  I'm definitely not coming back and actually would have given this place 1 star, but the waiter was nice and when we mentioned they could improve their soggy pizza they offered us a complimentary soft serve.  That was delicious, but not enough to change my mind about coming back for the pizza.  Also, there were egg shells in our salad.  So overall I question the quality of the food here.
I ran into two friends who were on their way to Pizzeria Vetri and I tagged along. It was a short walk from the hotel. It was a warm  spring day and the outside seating was full so we took seats inside.  The wood fired oven was in the rear center of the room. The server arrive quickly, dropping off menus and taking our drink orders. A nice selection of beer and wine is available as well as cocktails. 
We each ordered a small pizza.  I opted for a Margherita while my friends got a pepperoni and a sausage. The pizzas came out in minutes. Thin Neapolitan pizza. Crispy, crunchy with a few charred spots on the risen crust. Excellent pizza with plenty of toppings. If I lived here I'd be a regular.
I was visiting my lovely friend in the city, and we decided to get a bite to eat here before going to the Phillies vs. Padres game. The place was crowded, but we somehow managed to get a seat in front the wood fire grill where the magic happens. My friend and I ordered drinks to begin. I got one of the signature drinks that they have. The Watermelon Sangria had pinot grigio, fresh watermelon, a lime wheel and mint. It was delicious and very freshing, especially on a hot summer's day like this one. We decided to get the Spinach pizza, which had baby spinach, onion, roasted garlic, ricotta fonduta, parmigiano, and chili flakes. It was quite the experience seeing the food be made right in front of us. What was even better? The actual pizza was to die for! I consider myself to be very judgemental and a harsh critic of pizzas, and this was the best philly pizza I have ever had. I am not worthy of a wood fired grill pizza. The taste was out of this world. I cannot wait to go back to try other pizzas, it was just too good!
I will start off by saying that thus five stars is based on a comparison of other similar pizza joints. Since moving to Philly just under four months ago, this specific location has become one of our regular places for both take out or a quick meal there. It consistently meets expectations. The food is good. The staff is friendly. Cannot complain. 

Now when it comes to these types of places, I am definitely a creature of habit. I usually have a few go to items - and don't often stray. But Pizzeria Vetri has helped me stray a few times with some seasonal items - one in particular, the Maurizio pizza. The mozzarella, rosemary, sea salt combo is delish. Other go to items are the wood fired veggies, the meatballs (always have to get), the margherita pizza, and the marinara (when we don't want cheese). Even when the marinara is not on the menu, they will make it for us too. Cannot complain there. 

They have a limited drink menu (some beer, wine and a few cocktails). One of my faves is the Negroni Bianco... their version of a white Negroni. 

They also have some desserts - one in particular sticks out to me since I'm not really a dessert person. Their tiramisu is quite delicious. 

The small outdoor seating with an awning is great for when we make an impromptu visit while walking the dog. They are always very welcoming of pups out there. 

This is a great find for families too.
Drool...That's what happened when I tried this place. The area is pretty open with a family style picnic arrangement seating and an optional outdoor seating. I ordered the salsiccia pizza , large and it was tasty. Nice hot toppings and sauce with a soft crust. The pizza was lacking a little of the quantity. I was in a group of three guys and I felt each of us could've eaten 2 pizzas by ourselves. 

Never the less, it was still good. A little pricey for around $30+ and not being filled up. The service was good although when we asked for their recommendations since it was our first time being there the server said a few options but then continue to stare at my menu to read the ingredients. I can understand if she said she was new but she did not, so I have to be bias that she did not know the menu too well. Check this place out. According to a friend, it's owned by Urban Outfitters. Fun fact!
Pizzeria Vetri is a 5-star without having to think twice about it. The restaurant is relatively small with communal seating, but most of the time you'll have plenty of space as it isn't regularly packed. The pizza here is by far the best in Philadelphia and Pizzeria Vetri is highly consistent in quality across their pizzas. (I've had five different pizzas? I think?) My favorite is the Salsiccia and I also love whatever they typically have for their pizza al taglio special. Every combination they come up with for their pizza al taglio sounds exceptionally delicious and the actual product is even better. The pizzas are always light without being soggy and are typically minimally dressed. This is important, because the quality of the ingredients and the care in the preparation of the pizza allows the flavors to really shine distinctly without the unnecessary clutter and calories people tend to go for. Each ingredient is picked for its bold flavor, meaning that only a small amount is necessary to get the full taste experience. Adding more of those things haphazardly does nothing to improve the taste one bit and instead weighs down the pizza and the entire experience itself. When leaving Pizzeria Vetri, I feel full but refreshed, not bloated and sick. 

This feeling is also aided by the FREE sparkling water that I always get which is delicious and unlimited. This is unlike some places I've been to that want to charge me outrageous prices for such a thing. They also have good root beer, a good selection of San Pellegrino drinks, etc. One drink that is very good that I often get is the Rosemary Lemonade. I don't see it often, and I think it should be more of a mainstream drink. Herbs are highly under utilized as flavoring agents... life is more than sugar and more sugar.

In addition to this all, the atmosphere is quite lovely. The space is airy, the small space keeps it from getting loud, and the music is set at a low level so that it is audible, but you can't necessarily make it out completely unless you focus in on it. This is IMPORTANT because other places in this city (pizza places I'm thinking of specifically) BLARE their music so loud that I cannot talk to the person in front me whatsoever without having to scream. Even then... Still, I often find myself tuning into the music because I absolutely love their choices. I'm a big fan of 80s/90s "old-school/golden age" hip-hop and they play a lot of my favorite cuts. In fact, I don't know if I've ever heard a bad song here. It is also a nice showcase for how hip-hop isn't necessarily vulgar and offensive like many people may think. 

So, everything here I consider perfect. I've tried a LOT of pizza places in this city, including the "gourmet" ones. I have not tried Nomad yet, and when I do I will update this review but, for now, Vetri is EASILY the best pizza in this city. Their salads look amazing as well, but I've yet to order one. The service is very good and prompt if that is important to you.
I was staying with my friends in Philadelphia earlier this December when a bad snow storm hit. I was delayed an extra day in Philly that Monday and my friends had to work so of course I had to check out the restaurant right next to their apartment!

Pizzeria Vetri is very small so I can imagine it being a little tough to find a table on a busy night - luckily I was alone during a Monday lunch crowd and got a spot at the window bar easily. 

I ordered the rotolo, per the recommendation of my friend. This is something I have never experienced before. Definitely delicious and worth trying! 

I also had Pizza al taglio and the kind they serve up changes daily. The one that I had was incredible! it had squash on it, it was perfect. Best thing ever. 

Overall, I'm a fan of Pizzeria Vetri!
I've changed my mind about this place. I've been to Pizzeria Vetri many, many times. I've tried almost any pizza they have on the menu. I used to like it a lot because I'm not a person that orders any kind of pizza for dinner. I don't like any other pizza around town because they're just not good for my taste. I thought that this was the real pizza. Something that came with many great flavors like fresh mozzarella, prosciutto, etc.,  - not pepperoni and cheese which sounds awful even saying it. (Nothing against whoever likes it. I think you have much more to try)

As far as I know, this establishment was bought out. I've been there a few times after that occurred. The first time, I thought maybe they didn't have a good day. But then I returned a few times more which was a repetition of that same exact experience. To my disappointment, the pizza has never tasted the same. Also customer service isn't the same either. 

I don't think I will return. I sure do miss the old, good pizza they used to serve.
Don't show up here without a reservation, especially on a weekend unless you don't mind waiting around for a half hour! 

The place is small and cute. You can sit by the pizza counter and watch them make the pizzas or you can get a regular table. Since there were only three of us we had to share a big table with other people. To start off the mean we go the rotolo and a salad. The rotolo was quite nice weird tasting. The mortadella, ricotta, pistacchio pesto combo didn't taste right. We got two pizzas to share between three people and they were more than enough. We got the Quattro formaggi pizza and the Melanzana. The four cheese pizza was my favorite and I highly recommend it. The melanzana was borderline average. It was quite thin (which I like) but somehow it was a little soggy and they were being super conservative on the cheese. Overall pizza quality was quite average! 

The service was really good and we got our food pretty quickly!
I really want to like this place. Don't get me wrong, the pizza is good.  But is it worth the money? Meh. We ordered a Margherita pie and a spinach pie. Margherita seemed a little light on cheese, and the thin crust was soft, but a little too soft for my liking. Flavorful sauce, sure.  But with so little cheese, it feels like I was eating a breadstick in sauce. 

The spinach pie was clearly the better pie. More cheese, strong flavors, all around good consistency. But to come here and pay the upper teens for what looks like 10-12" pie? Not sure that's worth it. Service was friendly, quite exceptional actually.  Server engaged in conversation, joked around with us, checked up on us. Top notch service, almost TOO good for a pizza place, which is what I view this place as - nothing more, nothing less.
Pizza was delish and it's worth going just for that. I had a special (fig and gorgonzola square pizza) and the Crudo and both were fantastic. The Crudo was a bit small for the price, but whatever it tasted fantastic. The crust was an appropriate mix of doughy and crunchy, and the cheese and other ingredients were top-notch. Also the food came out super quick and we were seated quickly on a Tuesday night at 7pm. 

The service and seating, however, I was less-than-happy about. The place is small on the inside and seating is mostly family-style on long tables, save for some outdoor tables and counter/stool seating. If you have a group of 4 or more, the long tables might work. If you are just 2 and want some romance, maybe don't sit at the long tables. It was really hard to hear my bf bc we were rubbing elbows with strangers and it was loud in the space, plus the people we were sitting next to weren't interested in being social (but of course that may not happen to you), so it was awkward. With the long tables, it also made serving awkward because servers had to reach over you to place dishes and clear them. Our waitress seemed off her game, which I'm hoping is just due to opening recently. She messed up a couple of orders around us, but always gave a freebie from the menu to make up for it.

I'll be back for the pizza, but if it's just me and my bf we'll probably request counter seating.
I have to say there is nothing I didn't like about Vetri's new pizza gig.  The pizza is amazing (duh).  I had the eggplant pizza and their slice of the day (with fig).  Kind of different types of pizza but both equally good.  We had a carafe of red wine which was really delicious (but I have to say, expensive, $29.  Oh well).  The place itself is designed perfectly.  Its cozy but open.  Clean, casual and fun.  The awesome soundtrack was just a bonus.

Try it.
It pains me to give this place a 3-star review because I wanted to love it so much, but there were just a few things that needed work for this place to be amazing...

I came here with 3 friends on a cold, snowy night. It was pretty packed so we had to wait around 20 minutes to get a table, but it was not a big deal because we were at least out of the cold. The restaurant itself is small and can't seat more than 30 or so people, so expect a wait if you come at peak dinner times.

They have a lot of good options on the menu, and one friend and I decided to split the eggplant and cheese pizza. My two other friends split the margherita. When the pizzas were brought to our table, I noticed that the crust of both was visibly burnt. I guess that's what you get with wood-fired pizzas, but I didn't really appreciate the burnt taste while eating my pizza crust. Other than the crust, our eggplant pizza was delicious, and my other friends enjoyed the margherita. The pizzas, though, were also smaller than I expected. And even though I ate 3 pieces (which is half a pizza), I actually left hungry. Maybe I need to order one for myself next time. Also, it was kind of annoying that one of the pizzas came out several minutes before the other. Of course, I understand that they don't want the pizza to get cold, but it was kind of awkward that my friends were half done with their pizza before we started eating.

My biggest problem with Pizzeria Vetri was that we felt like we were being pushed out at the end of our meal. As I said before, the space is very small, but I do not believe that gives the servers the right to try to hustle people out immediately after they finish eating. My friends and I had taken over an hour to order, eat, and catch up over dinner. We continued to chat for a while after we had finished because that was the point of meeting up for dinner. We were sitting at a long table that was shared with other guests, and the couple who had been sitting next to us left. A server then put a bunch of silverware tat the table where they were sitting to indicate that a large party was coming and that they were waiting for us to get up to seat them. We continued talking, and a few minutes later, that server then took our water glasses away from us. At that point, we knew they wanted us out, but we stayed a little longer to finish our conversation. I did not appreciate feeling hurried to leave, and if space continues to be an issue, it would be better to expand the place rather than to have customers feel rushed, because they just might not come back!
Avoid the Vetri hype! The pizza is good. $17 good? Nope. This place is being overrated. There are 2 wines. They were out of the white. I was stuck with the $33 half carafe (which they call a full carafe) of red. It yielded four 3 oz. glasses of what tasted like Franzia red. In fact, I'd rather have full pours of actual Franzia. 

The place is too cramped and loud. You're elbow to elbow with other diners and can hear every word of their conversation but can barely have your own without screaming. 

There are too many restaurants making good pizza today to deal with the lack of choice, poor atmosphere and expense of this place.
Ever since Pizzeria Vetri opened, I've discovered the following:

-they're conveniently located right in the path of my evening commute home
-parking is difficult, but not impossible
-on slow days, it's about a ten minute wait for a pizza
-the margherita pizza is delicious, even as takeout; the basil doesn't wilt, and the mozzarella cheese is to die for
-thin crust is definitely my jam
-I can eat an entire pie by myself, and still want another one.

I've found my new bad-day-at-work-comfort-food takeout, and I hate myself for it. (Thanks a lot for making me fat, Vetri.)
Pizzeria Vetri is a welcome addition to Philadelphia's pizza scene and is a great lunch destination for those interested in grabbing a real high quality bite before or after a visit to the one of Parkway museums (it's only a stone's throw from the Barnes). 

I visited PV on the second day they were open which worried me a little because sometimes places need some time to get up to speed. Despite some harried chefs (don't have a heart attack, guys) ordering around the pizza makers now and then, everything else seemed to be working (and tasting) just fine. 

I was promptly greeted by the hostess and was escorted to a seat at the marble counter in front of the large wood burning pizza oven. This is the place to sit if you can swing it. Not only do you get to see all of the pies made right before your eyes, you also get to peek at some of the other pizzas on the menu so you will know what you want to try the next time (like the one with the different cheeses and the eggplant one). Other seating in the restaurant (which is pretty small and fills up quickly I might add) also includes a slightly smaller counter looking out onto the sidewalk and parking lot across the street as well as a few large tables with community style seating (a la Stella) in the center. It's very kid friendly and informal but very cramped when it gets crowded. Kids can (and did) spill stuff and there's no worry about making too much of a mess. And if you hate kids it's hard to hear them over the 80's rap music being blasted (think Village People and Salt 'N Pepa) in the background. Kind of strange atmosphere looking at pizzas, seeing big photos of Italy, looking at families with kids spilling all kinds of stuff and hearing "Aaaah, push it. Push it real good" in the background. Maybe a tactic to increase beer sales?

Anyway, my pleasant server quickly arrived and offered me either tap or sparking water. I chose the latter expecting Pellegrino or something like that, but PV has an in-house bubbler like Zavino so they can carbonate their own. 

The menu at PV is pretty straightforward. They offer about ten whole pizzas (each has six slices...good for one hungry person or two dieting people). They also have one daily special rectangular pizza sold by the big slice, calzones, rolled pizza dough with pistachio pesto, and a few salads.

Wanting to keep things simple, I opted for the Margherita pizza. It came out quickly and was top-notch. The crust was very thin (thinner than say Zavino and a lot like Pitruco). It was firm and not soggy (like Stella) nor did it taste like a salitine cracker (like Slice!). It was nicely charred in spots but not burned. The sauce was good, not very thick but not runny, as was the mozzarella and the fresh basil. I did notice that in the chaos that started to ensue behind the counter that one of the chefs mistakenly forgot to drizzle olive oil and did not sprinkle sea salt on my pie like the other Margherita ones being dished out, but it did not seem to affect the taste at all. It was clearly one of the two best (if not the best) Margheritas in Philly that I have downed.

I managed to save some room for dessert and tried the cookie jar, which is essentially eight small cookies in a small white paper bag. It included two good chocolate biscotti, two of the best pignoli cookies I have ever had (sorry Termini's), two confectioners sugar covered almond cookies, and two pistachio gnocchi. It was a nice ending to my lunch and not at all overwhelming. PV also has fried pizza dough with citrus fennel sugar and soft serve as well. 

My bill for lunch was $24 which was not bad. I was a little surprised that PV charges $5 for their sparkling water (it's free at Zavino), but I guess someone has to pay for the bubbler.(which is not cheap incidentally). 

All in all it was a great lunch and I am sure I will be rushing back in no time. The food was great. The service was excellent. Granted, near the end of the meal it was like having a front row seat in that Gordon Ramsey show on TV, but I am sure that things will calm down at PV and everything behind the counter will mirror the perfection being plated and served on the other side.
Pizzeria Vetri is becoming a regular indulgence for me.  I've been for both lunch and dinner and I love what they've got going on in this little space.

The first thing that caught my eye was the sweet ass pizza oven (Renato?) positioned directly in the center of the place.  As I learned from one of their managers, it's the only heat source they have in the restaurant so all of their cooking is done in it.  They have several tables but for me, the real action is sitting at the pizza counter and watching the line do its thing.

Individual bins with dates are stacked on the left indicating which day the dough was made.  The guys working the line pull out a dough ball and begin shaping it.  Next, the stretched dough gets one set of a myriad of toppings (fresh sauce, prosciutto, aged cheese, tuna (yes they have a tonno pie) and then is whisked away into that oven.

Seven (7) or so minutes later, the pie gets kissed to the top of the oven and comes out piping hot with crispy bubbled edges.  Usually, the pies get a finishing of some sort (fresh herbs, some spice or a sprinkling of an aged cheese) before it's handed off to you.

The only rub of this place is getting a seat during popular times.  There are many great places to get a pie in Philadelphia (of similar quality) but none walkable from this location.  They've pretty much setup an outpost and it's working well for them.

At lunch, they have a pizza al taglio (by the slice) which means it's baked in a large rectangle and cut off for individual consumption.  I had one with roasted pears and holy hell was it delicious.

So, if you like delicious pizza and a soundtrack based on a Das Efx pandora station, this is the place for you.  Oh and make sure to leave room for the fried pizza dough.  You can thank me later.
Haven't actually dined at the restaurant so I can't comment on the service, but I have ordered from Pizzeria Vetri on Caviar a few times and I am very impressed.  Growing up in north Jersey, I grew up with good pizza and I haven't really found a spot that I liked here until I ordered from Pizzeria Vetri.

The pizza is delicious and there are so many great options.  Definitely recommend the SALSICCIA pizza.  SO delicious!
Took a quick run to Philly for the ballgame and the fireworks... on a whim, we decided to walk over to grab a slice since it was only a few blocks from Logan Square. We were NOT disappointed!

Covid protocols are over with for sure as this place was packed! We grabbed a table outside and were greeted by our server (Keenan) immediately. We explained we were going to need to split something since we had variations surgery and he was very accommodating about it. We ordered the sausage calzone, but with the super weird request of "sausage on the side" (my wife cannot do pork) he was fine with that and within 5-10 minutes our food was there.

Keenan was superfriendly and relatable as all of the staff seemed to be and the calzone was probably the best one we have ever had! Will definitely stop back next time we find ourselves in center city Philly.

Indoor and outdoor dining available, super clean restaurant, enjoy!
I thought the pizza was really excellent.  My table ended up getting the 4 cheese white pizza, a pepperoni, and the salsiccia (sausage, fennel) to share.  They were really good, and I'm not even really one for white pizza (I like saucy! yum!)  Still, there was none left between the four of us.

I've heard really excellent things about the rotolo so that will be next on my list if I ever make it back there!
This place has been on my list of places to try in the neighborhood, and I can't believe it took me so long to actually make it here! I thought the setting would be more fancy, maybe less casual so I was pleasantly surprised to see that it was more laid back. They have a perfectly sized menu consisting of a few great looking salads, some whole pizzas and pizza by the slice. I ordrered the Salsiccia pizza ($16) and my wife had a slice of the daily special,($6) which was this salami and mozzarella sicilian slice (thick) and her and my daughter also split a margherita ($12). The slcilian slice came out first and wow, was I blown away. It was very thick but not near as dense at it looked/. The crust was light as air, just a great piece of pizza. My salsiccia was also very good, albeit a tad expensive for what it was. My wife also really enjoyed her margherita. They also have some great priced beers on tap, and in bottles/cans. Overall, I'm a huge fan of this place and can't wait to go back.
Pizzeria Vetri is hidden off of busy Benjamin Franklin Parkway in an oasis of restaurants on Callowhill Street. The inside of the restaurant is pretty hip - high ceilings, pizza oven visible in all its glory, and playing sick tracks. I can totally see this being a place for people to stop in for a pizza snack. We ordered the crudo pizza for two. This was definitely the perfect size for an in-between meal for two or someone that isn't super hungry at dinner. The pizza was delicious. There was no shortage of prosciutto and the mozzarella was a perfect balance to it. I'm normally not a big fan of crust but this was also great.
Pizzeria Vetri is the place you go when you want to hit a re-creation of the typical bustling corner pizza shop from Marc Vetri's old stomping grounds in Italy.

You wouldn't make a reservation at a pizza by the slices place, so why would you make a reservation here?

it has an open kitchen - and I mean open: you can watch the dishwasher while you wait for the restroom if you want.

My wife and I sat at the bar. We don't usually sit at the bar but we should do so more often: it's meditative.

This place is the answer to your lamentation, "I wish those corner pizza shops made great no-frills pizza with the right stuff from the market. I could buy that stuff at market and make the pizza myself, but tonight I'd prefer it cooked in an oven from Italy by guys who make pizza all day in a method Vetri taught them."

Prices are reasonable for the concept - splitting a salad, two pizzas, a beer, and tip will set you back around 50-60 bucks. I didn't say pizza by the slice place prices! But let's face it, you'd pay the same amount at Pizzeria Vetri as you would at a place like Pietro's, but here you'll get the better pizza.

music: Grandmaster Flash, Run DMC, Naughy by Nature, stuff like that.
We ordered take out from here and everything from phenomenal!!! We had a friend coming over and got 3 pizzas for the 3 of us to share. We ended up having 1-2 slices left over, but hopefully this is helpful to figure out quantity. We ordered the Shroom, the Maurizio, and the Eggplant with Straciatella pizzas. 

All 3 were great -- chewy crust, fresh ingredients, creative and tasty flavor profiles. I think the favorite was the Eggplant pizza, but honestly all 3 were great. We ordered in advance on the Caviar app and the delivery was on time. 

Also got the fried pizza dough -- that was pretty good too. All in all- definitely the best pizza we've had in Philadelphia so far!
Can't say more about loving this place. Just wish you could get takeout by the slice. A little pricey but definitely worth it for the quality. The crudo is my all-time fave. It is DELICIOUS and such fresh ingredients. Great for a group or a date to sit outside on a nice evening. They should get some pasta dishes too.
Pizzeria Vetri is a very good spot for an enjoyable pizza experience especially if you're with a group of family or friends. The menu features a variety of pizzas in 2 sizes. The napoletano says it serves 1-2 people but I think it could definitely serve more. The metro is for 3-4 people and comes in a rectangular shape but again I believe it could serve more. I came here with a group of friends and we got several pizzas of different sizes and the metro sizes were definitely enough for everyone to be able to have a slice.

I highly recommend the maurizio, it's a great white pizza that is very flavorful and light. The melanzana is a pizza with eggplant and was also really enjoyable and also a pleasant surprise. I've never had eggplant on a pizza before and it was my favorite of the one I've tried. 

The staff were very friendly and provided great service. My only complaint would be that some may find the prices to be a bit high for the amount of pizza you're getting but overall the experience made it enjoyable. Try to get outdoor seating if you can, especially on a nice day!
My fiance and I like Pizzeria Vetri for a low-key neighborhood date night, though we can't help feeling every time we visit that it is overpriced.  Perhaps that's why I've never reviewed it until now?  The food is great, and the atmosphere and service are always very pleasant -- but for the price, you could certainly have a much more "upscale" dinner somewhere else.

But all of that applies to "regular times," which are not applicable at the moment (or maybe ever again?).  I'm writing now because Pizzeria Vetri's COVID-19 takeout/delivery options knock it out of the park.  One of the best meals we've had over the past few weeks was a family takeout special that included two pizzas, a salad, a side, and a dessert for only $50.  (We asked them to hold the kids' coloring pages since we're a family of only two adults!)  The delivery came quickly and the pizzas were hot and fresh.  Since we'd never be able to get that much food at Pizzeria Vetri for even close to that price in regular times, we chalked this meal up to one of the few "silver linings" of the COVID-19 shutdown.  Highly recommend that you grab this deal while it's still available!
"I thought it would be crispier." That's what she said! (It made the hubs laugh.)

It's a sort of mixed up pizza. Certainly not thin & crispy, but not spongy, like most American pizza. But also not Neapolitan, as is the style of the day. Whatever it was, however, worked for me. And their red sauce is really spot on. And get that roltolo with the pesto.

Buuut. .. ugh, the set up. So awkward. There is no where to wait where you won't feel in the way. You just stand there with your rapidly warming wine or beer. And don't get me started on bottled cocktails. I get the space issue (plus not paying a bartender, which I get but don't condone.) but the selection is never all that good. Combine that with such limited wine selections - stick with beer? I guess, if that's your thing. And I hate communal seating. Especially when there are so many children. 

I guess I forget that when chefs and their restaurants are spoken of in these exalted tones, that it's still just pizza. Kids like pizza. I think Vetri could have just found a larger space.
I completely understand that a first night is going to be challenging, especially in light of how excited the neighborhood was for Pizzeria Vetri to open, but customer service is an area where you just can't miss. My girlfriend and I showed up Friday night, put our names in and gave our number to the host to be texted in roughly 50 minutes. No problem...unless of course that system breaks down!  I never want to be "that person" to constantly bother a host about how much longer to wait, but after 50 minutes I politely asked how much longer. We were told we were 2 down the list and it would be maybe 5 or 10 minutes longer. After 30 more minutes and noticing several people being seated that showed up well after us I once again politely asked where we stood in line. She looked at the ipad and told me, "I texted you 20 minutes ago, you never replied." We were standing at the bar about 15 feet from her for about 45 minutes of the wait and never got a text. How do you not pay attention to that detail? We were seated, but I could not get over what happened. Not only did the text message not come through, but we felt like there was no accountability and the host made it feel like it was our fault! We left before ordering because I didn't feel they deserved my money that night. I will most likely try again and from what I've seen and read, this is going to be a great addition to the neighborhood. It's just a shame that our experience was so bad after looking forward to the night so much. In my opinion, this restaurant could learn a lot about customer service by witnessing how Calaca Feliz runs their amazing restaurant.
I am a regular of Vetri Pizzeria and it is the only place we go for pizza in Philadelphia.  I was very disappointed in the service tonight and all of my colleagues from out of town got the whole "Philly attitude" throughout the whole dinner service.  Very disappointing from a service perspective and they must of moved all the good servers to the Rittenhouse location.  No wonder they were not busy tonight.  The food was excellent especially the special dish they created.  Updated items but when i asked about what we ordered totally defensive attitude.  We placed several orders and they were not served as requested, when asked the server had a defensive attitude and did not care to provide good customer service. i hope they move the staff around but i can't see them fitting into the Rittenhouse culture.  I really hope it changes since this is our go to for pizza but i will not put up with being treated like i was tonight.
i agree with Za Dude, check out his review. he knows alot about pizza, so much that he gonna turn into one any day now!
Ate here last night (a Sunday) and we loved it.  We had to wait 30min for a table, so we strolled around the Barnes Foundation grounds (right across the block), and they texted us when our table was ready.

The service was super prompt-- the pizzas came 5-10 minutes after ordering.  We got the margherita and the crudo (4 people = 2 pies, maybe 3 next time). The crust was fantastic-- so thick, light, and chewy all at once. The marg was good, but the crudo was the real gem.  The prosciutto was so thin and delicious against the creaminess of the cheese. Wow. You've got to try it.

When we want really good pizza, we typically alternate between Nomad and Pizza Brain. Time to add Pizzeria Vetri to the rotation.
My wife and I shared a sausage with fennel pizza and it was excellent! Just a bit doughy but still with enough crispness and great, tasty fresh ingredients. Clean with good quick service for lunch left us both very pleased.
Where do I start...went here for dinner expecting Vetri Family level of food and service but was let down. Before ordering we learning that they were out of two beers on tap; no big deal we ordered other drinks. For our meal we decided to get the Salsiccia pizza, a rotolo, and the Italian Caesar salad. They were out off the rotolo. No big deal we will have a slice of the pizza of the day...but they were out of that too. Salad comes sans pizza croutons. You guessed it they were out of those too, according to our server, however we saw a salad come out not long after ours that had the croutons. Our $16 pizza comes and there is barely one bite of sausage per slice. To top it all of our server didn't even try to fake an apology. Throughout it all the service was slow but magically picked up as soon as we finished our meal. Needless to say we will NEVER be back. Very disappointing.
Coming from NYC, I sometimes have a inhuman crave for really friggen good pizza. Which is why I was excited to try the famous Marc Vetri's Pizzeria...Also I am a graduate student, so given this is much more affordable than some of his other options...I shouldn't complain.

Ambiance: I would describe it as a polished casual diner. That may sound bad but it isn't. It's a little cramped but my date and I got a seat at the bar, which we really enjoyed. Loved watching them make the pizza right there.

Service: We came on a Monday night so it was not that busy. The server was very attentive and accommodating. I was not sure about wine from a tap (it was my first time seeing it) so she poured me a glass to try before I ordered a carafe.

Food: It's pretty good. I won't lie. We started with the Rotolo which we split. It was absolutely delicious. Perfectly fluffy and melty cheese. And then we split a Crudo (prosciutto crudo, bufala mozzarella, parmigiano) which was the same thing but bigger and flatter. The pizza here is good, probably the best I've had in Philly. BUT I couldn't help compare to the top-shelf pizza in NYC for the same (maybe slightly cheaper) prices. Also, I was a bit disappointed with the choices. Yes all the staples are here...But where is the truffle pizza? What about Pepperoni (or is that to low class)? Also, I love beer and pizza combo, but I don't discriminate when wine and pizza is an option. Also I loved the red wine on tap, it would have been nice to have a choice greater than 1.

All in all, this place is delicious and I will definitely be back, but it isn't the BEST it could be...Which I kind of expected given this is Marc Vetri's Pizzeria.
Let's get the negative out of the way first... the portions are not satisfying.  I'm not a big eater and I could always eat more.  I've had the calzone (finished it, and wanted more food) eaten a pie and helped a friend with theirs (and still could eat more...)

The redwood fired brick oven makes a quick job of the food once its in the oven.  The crust is delicious and the ingredients are top notch.  I've had the crudo, the margarita, a few specialty pies and calzones.  Everything is delicious.  That little drizzle of olive oil at the end of the cooking is the perfect finishing touch to the pizza.

I had a bite of their ice cream and its awesome and the fried dough is my favorite way to end the meal.

The prices are a bit high considering the portions leave a little bit to be desired, but you won't be disappointed with the taste.
I came here during the recent snowpocalypse and could not have been happier! For once, there was no wait (!!), and our server was very friendly and conversational. We had a Salsiccia pizza, which was made of a delicious crust topped with fennel sausage, roasted fennel, tomato sauce, and mozzarella - absolutely tasty, and definitely worth the $2 more than the Margherita pizza. We also had a Wood Oven Salad, which came with some roasted vegetables and some type of Italian ham. This version was more delicious than the one I had here last time (when the vegetables were burnt and under-cooked at the same time). The whole experience was very relaxing and well-timed. I ended the meal with a warm and relaxing cup of chamomile tea. I definitely recommend this place during less crowded times.
Of course this place has good pizza. However, I called them on a Friday night around 9 to ask about wait time, and they told me that there wasn't a wait at all. Surprised, my boyfriend and I hopped on our bikes and headed over. When we got there, it was a 20 minute wait. I felt a little lied to, but oh well. We got a drink at the bar and awkwardly stood in everyone's way for the next 20 minutes. There is an awesome beer selection here, and we ended up getting seats watching the pizzas being made, which made me much happier than if we were at a community table. Honestly though, the pizza was probably on par with Bufad, and that place is quieter and does buy-one-get-one pizzas! We got the rotolo, a rosemary and sea salt pizza, and a wood fired salad, which was honestly the best thing we ordered. I would give this meal 4 stars except that the music they were playing was horribly unfitting and too loud. First the Beastie Boys followed by Dr. Dre? Keeping it classy, Vetri.
After our recent many a letdowns associated with hyped up pizzas all over the city- we made a pact: while shopping at Whole Foods if there is a spot right outside of this joint-we'll park, walk-in, slam a beer or 6, eat a slice or two and kaput.

THERE WAS A SPOT RIGHT OUTSIDE THE DOOR! No $h!t.

Great news- bullfrog was on tap, Stillwater was on can. Who could stop us now? With heaps of food to go home to we started out with one of the two slices. It came with leeks, sopressata and the type of cheese escapes me, I think ricotta. Slice would be an understatement- its a huge square cut in two triangles and amidst sat generous petals of sopressata looking like a elegant rose. What we bit into after bickering weeks about "how orgasmic can this pizza be man?" turned to a godly experience. Man the flavors, the dough, the carbs and the goodness of cheese and the leeks! Ugh-so so good and I don't even care about pizza. The dough is light, airy, soft -painted with cheese that was not greasy at all but packed with leek goodness! I eat no porky but am smart enough to know that stuff tastes heavenly. So the inevitable happened and we ordered the other slice with garlic, spinach, mozzarella and parmesan I believe. Holy you know what! Even better- the garlic goodness and spinach cocooned in the gooey cheese. All the flavors and textures were in balance, cant wait to try the neopolitan style! Service was casual, fast and friendly and the tap list is seriously a blessing in such a place. 

Hence, we are now pizza converts.
Initial thoughts after entering Vetri.  I'll get right to the chase, this place is a bit too hyped up, and quite possibly the worst restaurant layout I have ever experienced.  Sure the decor is appealing, doesn't feel too pretentious, considering the clientele that visits this establishment, but really.. Have the take out/standing room/cashier jammed right up near the door and 3 ft away from a big communal table, whoever designed this place needs a nice ol' slap back to reality.

We had a small wait, not a big deal at all.  My wife and I grabbed a beer, and I must say I was very happy to see Six Point Sweet Action, but I was not as impressed with the $7 price tag, I can deal though.

On to the pizza - we did the Salsiccia.  Now, I must preface this with the fact that we have experienced Vetri Pizzeria once before.  There was an hour wait, so we just ordered take out.  I forget what kind of pizza we ordered, but that doesn't matter.  What does matter is how incredibly floppy and soggy the dough was when we had walked back to our car and dug right in.  This was so underwhelming, we were extremely disappointed.  But, we gave them the benefit of the doubt and vowed to come back after a couple months once they figured out all the nuances, hence our visit tonight.  

So you can imagine we had high expectations now that they were a few months in.  And guess what happened when the pizza came and we each grabbed our first slice?  Pull it up off the plate and immediately half the pizza slice just slumps down.  Completely soggy, completely unacceptable by anyone's standard.  Now maybe this is the style, but I can't imagine any pizza should be this soggy.  And certainly not for that price tag and reviews this place gets.  Hence why I said up front, this place is way overhyped.

I'm giving 2 stars for them having a nice atmosphere minus the bs layout, and the flavor of the pizza was not bad, but frankly not any different from the rest of the "high-end" pizza shops around the city.  As some others have stated, price is incredibly inflated for what you get.  Being a Vetri establishment, we expected to be transported to a whole new level of pizza but in the end were left disappointed...again.  Hopefully they get their act together soon for their patron's sake, but I'm afraid we won't be back to find out!  Good luck Vetri - we want you to succeed, but you need to work on QC first.
OMG the calzone with prosciutto..... HEAVEN. 

Had to add that. I dream about it weekly.
Welcome to the neighborhood, Pizzeria Vetri. As a Fairmount/Art Museum resident, I am happy to have you here. 

My friend and I were lucky enough to snag a spot on the official opening weekend. I've heard that they don't take reservations so we really did luck out getting a seat. Our next stop was Wanderlust down at the Piazza and the fact that we were able to casually dine in our yoga gear wasn't a problem. 

We both ordered the Arugula salad, although I was originally leaning towards the Italian Caesar Salad. Based on the recommendation from the couple next to us and affirmation that the Arugula salad could be prepared without olives, I was sold on the Arugula. Upon bringing out my friend's salad, they had forgotten to prepare mine without the olives. The olives seemed pretty big and unobtrusive so I said it would be okay to leave the olives. Our server was on top of it and already sent mine back. The error was handled seamlessly and with grace. The salad was delicious and I was happy it was prepared to-order after all. I never would have thought that potatoes would go well in a salad, but they worked out quite well. The pesto was more oil based- as in not clumpy as a pesto can be- and made for an excellent dressing. Although not listed on the menu, the small chunks of Parmesan cheese made for a great addition. 

On to the pizza...

My friend and I had ordered one Margherita pie to split since we didn't want to fill up too much before yoga. She had originally debated on getting the Tonno pie however decided against it. This must have confused our server and we were a little confused ourselves when a Tonno pie showed up at our table. As this was an error on their end, we were able to keep the Tonno pie at no charge- score! Another issue handled with grace and professionalism. Ultimately, I did like the Tonno pizza a little better than the Margherita. I figured it would be best to start with the "basic" pizza and expand my repertoire from there. The Margherita was a little too simple. Don't get me wrong, simple is not a bad thing. The crust was light, flaky and baked to perfection, the basil was fresh and the cheese was melted perfectly. It just wasn't a life changing experience. The Tonno had that same great crust, but was just a little more exciting. 

As many have already pointed out, the space is small and you are sitting at communal tables. Since this is a pizza joint with a casual atmosphere, I'm okay with that. Next time I'd love to sit by the window seats, complete with a view of Philadelphia skyline. 

The service was fab and we even got to see Mr. Marc Vetri himself hard at work. I've never seen him before so I was quite star struck. 

I can't wait for my next visit. They have an awesome beer list and there are other pizzas I'm dying to try- based on the menu descriptions and seeing our "table neighbors" enjoying them.
I've been enjoying this pizza place since it opened but based on my recent experiences, the quality and taste has dramatically declined. Truly disappointed and being that it is so expensive, it's definitely not worth the price. 
UPDATE: 
went back and this time it was as good as I remembered. They must have had a bad day during my last visit.
I'm surprised I forgot to write a review after eating lunch here after a visit to the Please Touch Museum. Vetri is serving up Neapolitan-style pizzas in a wood burning oven. Our Margherita and Melanzana pies were tasty and made with quality ingredients. I would say the dough was the star of pizza and while it's not my favorite Neapolitan pie in Philly, it held its own. Bright, energetic atmosphere with minimal decor, communal tables and an impressive beer list.
What hospitality! Our school group's bus broke down and we were stranded for a few hours. This pizzeria not only accommodated our group of 42 but we're incredibly nice and hospitable to us all. On top of that, the pizza is FANTASTIC! We ordered 11 pizzas and every single one was perfect! 

Thank you again for everything! I will make sure to spread the word!
Pizzeria Vetri is good, but does not, at least based on my first trip, really elevate the pizza scene in Philadelphia beyond what we already have (Nomad as the best Neapolitan option in my opinion). Good pizza in Philadelphia has still not reached anything close to the level of saturation found in NYC these days, so another good Neapolitan option is welcome. But overall I felt there was a lack of creativity with the pizza, the prices were a bit high, and the pizzas a bit sparse in toppings.

We had the Margherita and the Salsiccia for our pizzas. The Margherita is the benchmark and it was good but not spectacular. Mozzarella was not that flavorful IMO, and as a result there's not too much going on flavor-wise. Crust was good which is very important. The texture is a bit of a departure from what you'd expect from a "true" Neapolitan pizza; the crust was on the crispy side rather than soft and bread-like, and the pie was sturdier than a lot of Neapolitan pies, which tend to be wet/droopy and require fork and knife to eat. Not a knock at all, it just depends on what you're looking for.

I liked the flavor combo on the Salsiccia, but as somebody else mentioned there is a real lack of sausage. I mean, on one hand, Neapolitan pizza is supposed to be all about balance and restraint in toppings..usually your standard pizzeria uses way too many toppings and it overwhelms the crust. But the "restraint" here was far too much: each slice of the pizza had at most one piece of sausage, and one or two had none at all. That's not restraint, it's Vetri being cheap with the more expensive ingredients. This would be a great pizza if the toppings were applied more liberally.

We had the "cookie jar" dessert on the way out and as others have said this is definitely worth getting. Nice variety of cookies and all are good.

The food prices are not outrageous or anything, but they're a bit higher than the competition (~$1 higher per pizza than Nomad). Beverage prices seemed high to me as well. To me pricing is all relative to the atmosphere and level of service. At Vetri you are sitting at communal tables and the service is adequate but nothing special. So given that and the sparse toppings, I didn't find the meal to be a good value.

The other general knock is a lack of creativity: given that Neapolitan pizza in the U.S. is no longer a rare novelty, I think to be top-notch you either need to a) make truly spectacular pizza, and/or b) have an interesting, innovative menu of pizzas. Una Pizza Napoletana in SF is an example of the first. Paulie Gee's in Brooklyn is imo a rare example of both. In contrast, Pizzeria Vetri has a small, mostly standard menu of pizzas and the quality is good but not mind-blowing.

In conclusion, Pizzeria Vetri is a good option for pizza in Philadelphia. If you're in the area I encourage you to try it, and I will probably be back some time. But it doesn't really offer anything new, and unfortunately the Pizza scene in Philly continues to lag well behind what is available in terms of quality and creativity in cities like NYC and San Francisco.
Pizza's my favorite food ever, so I was super excited this place opened up so close by.

For my first visit, I ordered the benchmark-- margherita pizza, which was perfect with a thin, soft crust. I've also had the crudo, with prosciutto and buffalo mozzarella. So delicious. The pizza crusts are usually soft, which I like. We sat at the bar and watched them make the pizza, and I was very entertained. Every single pizza looked amazing and I wanted to try them all! They always have a few different pizzas of the day, which are served by the slice, sicilian style. The best one I've tried was with pancetta, mozzarella, and vidalia onions. These single slices are so fluffy but also crispy. One slice is super filling.

The place is pretty small, and they only have communal seating, which could be fun for bigger groups but maybe not for 2. For 2, I would recommend sitting at the bar or outside. I wish they would stay open late night, because this area needs a few more places to go for late night drinks/food. I think the decor may be lacking a certain something, but it's just overall a very casual vibe.

I loved the gin fizz cocktail, which is a perfect complement to any pizza. It was refreshing, and I ordered like, 5 because I didn't want to stop drinking them. Needless to say, I was kind of buzzed by the end of dinner, but that just magnified my excitement while watching all those different pizzas being made.

Also good for takeout-- just call ahead and pick up at the bar!
Excellent pizza
Fun with my five year old at the counter watching the guys make the pizza. He loved the free "bubbly" water. Good family and lunch place. Check it out.
This place was great. I've been to Vetri , Amis , Osteria so I was dying to complete the quantad ( I'm not sure if this is a word) but this place didn't open until after I moved out of Philly. Well on my visit back this past week I decided to meet my friend here for lunch. I was very pleased. 

The place is not huge : 3 bars , and 2 long shared tables 

We sat at the pizza bar , wanted to warm up by the fire. 

At 1pm on a Monday the place had about 15 patrons but the place looks like it could hold a max of 65. 

For food, we each had a slice of their vegetarian special of the day , it had pears , Gorgonzola , honey and it was amazing. We also split the wood grilled salad which was filled with warm veggies and came with a huge pile of ham. For dessert I was talked into trying the fried pizza sticks. I was soo full from the first two courses that I almost passed but I'm glad I didn't. These were the best little bites of doughnut heaven ever. 

Overall the check cNe to a little over $30 which I think was a great deal. 

I'm not sure if this place is better than Bufad but it might be. I might need to do a head to head tasting on my next trip.
I'm not normally that into pizza, but pizza vetri does it well: thin, crispy, savory, and always fresh. 

I've tried most of their pizzas and all were great: the margherita is basic but well done, and the crudo, maurizio, melanzana, and salsiccia are all wonderful as well. I love eggplant so I'm partial to the melanzana, and the fennel sausage is delicious so the salsiccia ties for first. 

If you want something healthier (though the pizzas here aren't terribly unhealthy either) then you can't go wrong with the wood oven salad or arugula salads. Potatoes in a green salad sounded odd to me at first but they pair nicely with the olives and basil pesto. 

The place is pretty small and most of the seating is sort of family style (long tables that you have to share), but it's bright and clean and given how small it is you can get a good view of the pizzas cooking in the oven no matter where you sit. 

I'd definitely recommend you check it out if you're in the area, especially if you're a fan of thinner slices!
If I could, I'd give it 4 stars for the food and the service and only 2 for the physical space.  Since I can't, I give it a 3.

It's way too cramped. I don't like being squeezed into a communal table.  I don't want to have to lean away from my neighbor just so I can hear the person sitting across from me. The music doesn't help, either.  I'd just turn it off and let the kitchen provide the sound.

The pizza is delicious, though (Crudo, Margherita, Quattro Formaggi).  No complaints there.  Our Pizza Margherita was excellent.  Good beer selection, too.
Good overpriced pizza.
Great service and fun to sit outside in the summer.
Highly recommended.
Their pizza was good and the Stromboli was very tasty. Better than mom and pop pizza stores.
P. V. is still getting its act together -- as evidenced by the pizza making instruction actively being provided by the one of the guys in charge to one of the pizza makers on the line.

We had the calzone which was outstanding, wonderful ham and tasty ricotta.  Although the promised tomato sauce was little in evidence.

The downsides:  an arugula salad that was severely over-dressed with a dressing that had way too much lemon. And a red wine that tasted like they had scrapped the inside of the oak barrel to fill the glass.  (I know, I know, this is a beer-focused place, but they could manage to make the one red wine on the menu a reasonably good one, especially for a rather pricey $11).

So, three stars for now.  I'll be back to try and pizza and see if things have improved after the opening few days.
The most casual of the Vetri family still isn't very casual when it comes down to it. We came here late one evening during Draft Week and sat outside. Our server was incredibly patient with us for (what I'm sure was) a long week. We ordered a carafe of the red table wine to start. 

For food, my friend and I started with a salad for each of us. I got the wood-fired salad, sans provolone, that came with thick slices of prosciutto and roasted garlic on top of greens. My friend got the cauliflower salad, which actually wasn't that roasted and tasted a little raw. We weren't that big of fans. She ordered a margherita pizza, which I wasn't hungry enough to share, but it was so good she ate the whole thing! 

Since she was starving, the waiter tempted her with dessert. I happily indulged as well. We got the fior de latte gelato and a cannoli. Both were fantastic and totally worth it. I loved the pistachios on the cannoli. 

After lounging on another carafe of wine, we got the check. When it came, we were surprised when it was over $100. Yes, we got a lot of food...but...we were still at a pizza place. There are plenty of ~actually~ casual and serve good, fresh salad, pizza, and dessert without dropping as much cash.
Good pizza and salad.  Ridiculously small portions for the price.  Great hip hop music.  Free fizzy water.  Good waitstaff.  Free table side entertainment: the crazy Philadelphians who are sharing the table with you.
We went to Pizzeria Vetri for the first time for dinner the other night. We started with Rotolo...amazing! We shared a Napoletano Salsiccia. It was good but a little less crispy than other Neapolitan pizzas I've had. The knives were regular rather than those that often come with a Neapolitan pizza, so it wasn't the easiest cutting it. The prices are reasonable. One thing that didn't fit the environment was the music. It was all hip hop and rap. That would be fine in another restaurant, but it didn't fit at all with the vibe at Pizzeria Vetri.
So I have to start by writing about the outrageous  policy that they have and cost me $30.00.  I was at this pizza place with my family (children & grandchildren) celebrating my birthday and my kids brought a birthday cake.  After ordering over $200 worth of pizza and appetizers, they charged us a $3 per person for a cutting fee, which ended up to be $30, and that is all they did, cut the cake.  We had to serve it with no spatula (they said they didn't have one).  A complete rip-off!

Needless to say, for a petty charge, they have lost the three families as future customers.
This was certainly a great place for thin pizzas however the offerings weren't of the gourmet type we'd expect from Vetri. These were more traditional. They were well made and it was fun, but not worth the trip up there from S. Philly where we live. I actually prefer Stella.
