A while ago I reviewed this pizza place on Yelp. The owner sent me a message thanking me for trashing his pizza place. I have since deleted that honest critique in which I had hoped he would possibly learn from the critique, rather than lash out at a paying customer. The below review is in fact me trashing his pizza place. Enjoy:

Wednesday rolls around and I wander over to Beddia....because like a bunch of assholes they are only open Wednesday to Saturday. Apparently no one eats pizza Sunday, Monday or Tuesday. 

A few things one NEEDS to know before dealing with this place:

1. They don't take phone calls. You have to walk in and order. Dumb.
2. They only take cash. 
3. The wait is ridiculous.
4. Their are no chairs to eat your pizza or wait.
5. Their pizza is expensive as hell. 
6. They are assholes.

I walk into this pizza hole at 5:30 as they open. I walk up to the counter, were I am met by the counter douchebag. Before I am able to say a word, he hastily tells me the next pizza won't be out of the oven until 6:35. I walked in at 5:30. I was confused, because I didn't fucking order anything yet. I said "oookay" and ordered a sausage and onion pie. They only make one size, which is around a medium anywhere else. The pizza starts at 19 dollars before tax. 4$ for sausage and 3$ for roasted onion, the pizza came to 28+ with tax. 

28$ dollars for a medium pizza. This is where "Bob" the owner tried to take me to task. He cries about how if I knew how much organic flour and locally sourced farm produce costs then I wouldn't complain. Well Bob, I would, because after an 8 second Google search I discovered that a 50 pound bag of organic flour costs right around 78$. 

Bob....you're doing it wrong. 

Lets pretend that your organic flour is breaking your budget. Do you really have to charge 4$ for sausage and 3$ for onions? 3 FUCKING DOLLARS FOR ONIONS. Bob.....please tell me you unearthed these onions after a Sherpa leads you to Peru on one of your many off days. Bob...are these Peruvian onions???? Maybe that would explain why a minimal amount of flavorless onion would cost THREE FUCKING DOLLARS. Bob, organic onions cost around 3$.....A POUND. There were MAYBE a handful of onions chopped up on my pizza.....I honestly didn't really taste them, because they were either terrible or weren't there. 

4$ for sausage? Is it unicorn sausage? Did you hunt and slaughter a mythical horned horse to make this sausage? That MAY explain the price...on second thought, it doesn't, because unicorns don't exist. I will say it's probably easier to find unicorn sausage than it is for you to find a Goddamn phone in your pizzeria. 

All in all the pizza was just standard pizza. Not very good, especially for the cost. 

Lets talk about their weird rules...

Pizza Club Rules:

1. Don't talk about Pizza Club Rules....no, seriously. They don't like it and get really rude when you question their bullshit rules. 

2. They don't take phone calls. On what planet does a pizza place not take phone calls?  Is it a matter of not paying the bill, I doubt it, they charge 3$ for Peruvian onions (most likely from the nearest Aldi), they can afford it. Nope...maybe the near condemned building they reside in doesn't possess the proper infrastructure for you know, wires. Or--OR......they are trying to be like a shitty, pizza version of a speak-easy. Christ, I wish Elliot Ness would raid this shithole. 

Hey dumb-dumb (talking to you Bob), Take phone calls. Don't make your customers wander into your pizza place to order. It's really, really bad customer service and only the douchiest of hipsters will think what you are doing is cool. 

3. Put some chairs around the two tables you have for people who BYOB and/or have to wait for literally hours for a pizza. It's like you are going out of your way to make your customers as uncomfortable and annoyed as possible. What's next Bob....a waiting room at GITMO?

4. Take other forms of payment for your pizza.....like debit cards, credit cards, 401K's, IRA's....gold and other precious metals. Because....YOUR PIZZA IS EXPENSIVE....FOR NO REASON.

This place is just pretentious. Tries to be something they are not. After reading Bob's Yelp handle it actually explains a lot.  Bob writes; "i've eaten 3 michelin star sushi and you haven't"

Hey Bob....no one cares. Not one single person cares about what you have eaten. 

Reduce costs in your pizza place, pass the savings onto your customers, take phone calls, put some chairs in and first and foremost....treat your customers with a little Goddamn respect.

Until that happens (and it never will)...I'm going to Pizza Brain...because they are flat out the best pizza in Fishtown.

******UPDATE******

The owner of Pizzeria Beddia Bob "Joseph" Beddia called my place of employment after I posted this review. He did so in an effort to adversely impact my standing at my job. He sent the link of this review to my HR rep and general manager to read.

They thought it was hilarious.
This place is kind of dumb.

Okay, before I get ripped apart to shreds.. I haven't eaten here yet (maybe that's more of a reason to get ripped apart to shreds). But like most people, I not only judge a place on food but on service/atmosphere as well. And in the mist of raving reviews (which are probably well deserved food-wise), I think this might save someone a walk down girard ave in the blistering summer heat which might very well end in disappointment and sweat. 

So they have no phones!!!!! Awesome. I was looking for a nice pizza byob night. I am always the first one of my friends to be ready, so I decided to walk down and grab a table- because they only have two!!!!!! 

There are two high tops with no chairs. I mean, maybe I'm not sophisticated but I like to sit at a byob. I like to sit.. and talk.. and drink.. and talk. But I wasn't angry at the place, I just kind of laughed and said: No chairs? 
The guy looked at me in disgust: Uh no we don't have chairs.
His attitude kind of set me back, so I just laughed again and said: Oh you don't have a phone so I just figured I'd walk down. I don't really know how this works. 
Again with disgust: Well I have to take your name down, and you have to pay for the pizza, and there is a 30 minute wait.  
NOOOOOO friendliness in his voice at all. Like I was a giant idiot, didn't I fucking know how it worked?!?! P.S: What if you're far away and you want to take out pizza? Then what do you do? Come over physically, order it, pay for it,  then wait 30 minutes in a tiny ass shop with no AC? (You'd probably feel so awkward in shame standing there so you'd definitely have to wait outside)

Okay, its your thing. It probably makes a lot of sense. Whatever. 
But maybe it won't hurt to be a little fucking nicer next time :) 
So if you're looking for a place to sit down with friends and eat good pizza and drink some wine and you're confused because there's no phone to ask such questions?
1. It's Hot.
2. There are no chairs.
3. The service is rude. 

It's PIZZA and its PHILADELPHIA. There are so many places.
Their extreme awareness of how to create and market a gimmick is substantially better than the taste of the pizza. The ingredients seem very standard and the taste of pizza was pretty unremarkable.

Part of me thinks the owner laughs his way to the bank every day at the fact they don't even provide chairs for customers (which they care so much about?) and people will come stand in line to spend $20 on a plain "high end" pizza. 

I know plenty of pizza shop owners who put just as much care and craft in to their pizza while charging a lot less money for it, and will even offer you a drink as you sit and wait for your order.

Perhaps I had a different experience, but the guy making the pizza did not acknowledge us or even lift his head to look. The cashier said about 2 words and awkwardly stood there waiting for the dude to finish making our pizza.

Substandard & overpriced pizza, no chairs to sit in, and a rather pretentious vibe. But they did have good music playing, so there's that.
As excited as I am for Beddia's latest accolades I am also fearful of all the silly people who will now try to tarnish the reputation of this fine establishment because they are entitled babies. No, there's no phone. Yes, there is a chance you won't get pizza because people are lining up for pizza now. Yes, he only makes a certain amount each day. SHUT UP! Seriously, stop complaining. That's why it's good. If you read the article on Bon Appetit and all you understood from it was that you were entitled to eat the pizza, then I question your reading comprehension. 

The hours aren't bullshit. They open at 5:30. If twenty people line up before opening and 14 people buy two pizzas, crazy stoner Barry buys three, and the nine others get one each, that's forty pizzas. That is not bullshit. That's some standardized testing next level pizza math.
I have to say that this might be the review that I have agonized over the most about and I will explain why. 

I really was looking forward to trying Beddia, I had obviously heard great things and people had spoken highly of it but I always seem to miss a chance to go because they are only open Wednesday - Saturday which is a little annoying but honestly it's their prerogative on their hours. 

I walked into Beddia on a Friday at 5:29 pm, before I can say a word the guy says if you order a pizza now it will be ready at 6:10 pm. Ok useful information. But like many of the reviews here there is no warmth or friendliness in this guy's voice and no greeting to speak of. Maybe this is a results of the volume of people that he deals with here on a daily basis. So I say ok cool I would like to order one, can I add toppings, he says yeah whatever you want.

So I order their I guess standard cheese pizza ($22ish) and then proceed to add salame, mushrooms, and bacon. At the last second I ask to add some arugula, the guy taking my order gives me this winced face and says yeah I would recommend you just keep it simple. I gave him a puzzled look and thought is this guy going to be sharing the pizza with me? What does he care what I put on it? But after seeing that it's $3 for arugula I said fine hold the arugula. 

I will say that if Joe and/or the staff thinks that patrons should only order certain toppings then have some pizzas on the menu and don't offer topping options, different people will inevitability have different tastes.

I paid my $32 for a pizza and left, came back at 6:10 and picked it up. I have to say the no chairs thing is their thing but I do agree it's a little annoying and I struggle to understand the need for tables if you aren't going to have chairs.

I have to say that the pizza is very good, it is light and airy, crisp, and has good chew. The sauce, cheese, and toppings were very high quality although I couldn't find any bacon on my pizza but maybe I missed it. 

In the end though, I don't think that this pizza is better than Roberta's in Brooklyn or Pizzeria Vetri in Philly. 

I understand that Joe puts a lot of time and love into these pizzas and he cares deeply about them. But he also should attempt to listen to his customers about what they would like. Also improving the bedside manner of the people taking orders would help. 

I would say just look at the reviews on here, the ones that receive the most Useful likes are the ones that point out where Joe could improve his establishment. I am never for bashing a place or ripping it to shreds without reason but there is certainly always room for improvement to better serve your customers, maybe start with chairs/stool at the high tops and a more personable manner.
After hearing (and reading) so much about Pizzeria Beddia, I was itching to check it out. I finally did and I couldn't help but wonder what all the hype was about. 

My friend and I walked in at exactly 5:35 pm on a Saturday (we must have lucked out because there was no line). Let it be know that they open at 5:30 pm. After taking approximately 3 minutes to decide on what to order, we decided on one regular pizza, half with sautéed onions and the other half with jalapeños and one broccoli rabe pizza for our group. After jotting down our order, the guy told us our order would be ready at... 9:20 pm. I REPEAT... 9:20 pm!!! After picking our jaws up off the floor, my friend and I realized he was being serious and reluctantly agreed to pick it up then. We had been warned that their wait time can be pretty lengthy, but almost 4 HOURS?!?! Insane if you ask me. 

After picking up our pizzas and taking some pictures (had to), my friends and I dove in. Our first reactions were how perfectly crisp both the pizzas were. Not soggy, no doughy, just crisp and perfect. As far as the pizza sauce and toppings go, both were good but we all agreed that the broccoli rabe outplayed the regular pie. 

We were over all happy with the pizzas, but I couldn't help but think "did we really just spend 60 bucks for 2 pies and wait 4 hours for them?". In comparison to other pizza joints I've been to in Philly, this was definitely the steepest in price and the wait time was by far the longest. I understand that the pizzas are made fresh to order, in one oven, but come on! They just weren't worth it to me. 

If you want to check this place out to make your own call about whether it lives up to the hype, take note of the following:

1) Cash only! It's approximately $30 a pie, so bring cash accordingly. 
2) They ONLY accept orders in person at the establishment. Don't bother trying to find a number to call because they don't have a phone.
3) Make sure you go long before you actually want to pick up your pizza. Like, hours before. In fact, maybe even BEFORE they open to avoid a possible line. 

Personally, my one visit to Pizzeria Beddia was enough for me. Am I glad to have checked it out? Yes, but I'll get my pizza elsewhere next time.
Let me start by saying pizza is a huge part of my life.  My friend sent me an article/video about this place and I was so excited.  I knew what I was getting into with the long line &  2 hour wait.  

I purchased one plain pie and one with salami and Sausage for $52.  I'm always in search for a great pizza.  I've had many great experiences from Pizzaria Bianco in AZ to Arturos in NYC.  Money and patience to wait for something special is a caveat I have no problem with.   At the end of the day, the pizza has to be good.  Unfortunately even with the meticulous care put into each pie by Joe, the pizza just wasn't tasty.  I was VERY DISAPPOINTED.   I am a fan of the San Marzano sauce which Joe doesn't use and like a chewy thicker crust.  I will never ever go again.  My friend and I had almost a whole pie left and I gave it to him.  Just didn't care for the taste.  Too much cheese.  I like a better distribution of cheese and sauce ratio.  Tasted seriously like a Celeste frozen pizza I ate as a kid.  

Save yourself time and money and avoid this hipster hype with no pay off like the plague.  It seriously was a pizza nightmare.  If I can save just one person from wasting their time and $ this post was worth it.
Best pizza in America. AMERICA. Not just Philly, our entire country. Bon Appetit awarded Pizzeria Beddia this coveted title back in 2015. 

This little shop in Fishtown had been on my radar for a while and as I finally planned my first trip there, I went with both excitement and nervousness. Can this pizza REALLY be that good? 

Well, it lived up to that hype and then some. While I wouldn't say the pizza was life changing, it was life confirming. It confirmed all my previous preferences and biases for pizza were correct, as this pizza was just so wonderfully delicious. As friends have warned, I think it has also ruined pizza for me. There's SO much mediocre and bad pizza out there that will be even harder to stomach after this experience. 

I'm sure most of you've heard the drill now, they make a limited number of pies per day and you need to get there early. If you want this pizza, you or someone in your group needs to be prepared to wait. If you want this pizza that badly, I'd recommend just making your entire day centered around it; and yes, that would be well worth your time. 

I would like to thank my friend for doing the dirty work and ordering the pies for our group. My husband and I arrived just in time for our first pie to come out of the oven. We opted to dine-in. There are only two tables and you only have a limited amount of time to eat based on the number of pies you order. These tables are high tops and don't have chairs. They also don't have forks and knives in the restaurant. They do have water, and cups if you want to BYOB. 

For a business that has earned such a holy title, Joe and John couldn't have possibly been any more down to earth and humbling. They know to make an extraordinary product and run a successful business. 

Onto the pizza...

We ordered three pies
-A plain pie
-A pie with broccoli rabe, roasted pepper, cream and garlic
- An arrabbiata pie 

Our plain came out first and was the perfect baseline. If you can't perfect a plain, you have no business making pizza in the first place. It came out piping hot, with a butter crust that was both crisp and doughy at the same time and the most perfect whole milk mozzarella anyone could have asked for. 

The broccoli rabe pie was similiar to the plain, yet with toppings (well duh). As the pie cooled, the broccoli rabe began to crisp and the garlic began to soak into the crust. My friend warned us to wait a little until the pie cools, but it's hard to resist when it lands on your table. A slight cooling actually allows for more synergy between all the ingredients, with less chance of burning the roof of your mouth. 

The arrabbiata was hot. There were two types of peppers on the pie and they had kick. There was also a spice to the pie itself. 

As I'm not a professional writer nor professional food critic, it is hard perfectly articulate perfection. I can tell you that all three pies left me smiling and filled to the brim with happiness. The flavors, the textures and blend of ingredients hit my taste buds in the most favorable of ways. Of course, there is countless subjectivity with this statement so take it for what it's worth. All I know is that my expectations were met and well exceeded with a new pizza on my personal pedestal.
Annoyed I even wasted my time walking over there to find out its an hour and a half wait for an overpriced pizza. I'll stick to Rustica.... at least they take phone orders
What do you call someone who says "it was the best pizza we've ever had", while in the next breath saying: "but we won't do it again"???

Occasionally, it's entertaining standing in line at hyped up places. You trade war stories like a badge of honor: what's the longest you've stood in line? (Me: 2 hours at Sally's Apizza in New Haven, CT). You hear people in deep denial: I would never stand in line elsewhere (then you drop one name after another, and get them to nod in shame: Zahav? Check. Franklin Mortgage? Check...). You meet the 'smartest' person in line, who looks around and asks: Has anyone actually eaten here? Or, is everyone here because of what they've read? (umm, so what you read can't be trusted, but a rando standing in line can??). You see people looking at the line behind them and feeling good about their life choices: "They only serve 40 pizzas a day. But, we're good as there's only 10 people ahead of us" (limitation of 2 pizzas per party, not person). Lesson learned? Be in line here by 4:30 pm.

But, the best part of standing in line is when your wait is less than what you'd feared. The owner took pity on the people waiting outside in freezing temperatures and started letting them inside at 5:15 pm instead of the scheduled start at 5:30 pm. You go in. place the order. Get an estimated time. And come back to pick up the pizzas (rule of thumb: 10 minutes per party ahead of you. I was #12, and was told to come back just before 7:30 pm). (So, if you got in after 5:30 pm and there was no line, but were told to come back in almost 4 hours... you got the last pies of the day because all the others before you had already placed their orders)

The operation reflects the owner (Joe Beddia)'s philosophy of minimalism: two people, no phone, two standing only tables, two Japanese lucky cats, four pizzas, few toppings. The oven is gas and not wood fired (all the rage in last few years' pizza explosion), so pizzas are cooked for 5-ish minutes at 600-625 C (not 2 mins at 900 C). The pizza is topped with two kinds of mozzarella: hunks of fresh, then strips of dry. What won me over is the dedication to pizza and sense of craftsmanship. One image in particular is burned on my memory: adding shavings of (nutty, Old Gold) cheese to a finished pie and then sprinkling it with olive oil. Why? Because that's exactly what I remember from Maestro Dom DeMarco (Di Fara pizza, Brooklyn) - even the intensity of gaze and concentration at the finishing touch.

Joe Beddia makes no compromises to his vision. I loved the fact that the Arrabbiata pizza doesn't hold back on spiciness, with different kinds of peppers on top of the cheese and in the tomato sauce, to clear all your sinuses. It's a heat index I haven't seen anyone pull off tastefully in Philly. It takes cojones to eat and sell such a spicy pizza. But, above all, it's the crust. People have their own yardsticks to compare pizza: crust, topping, sauce/cheese ratio... Mine is crust, everything else is a given: so, the sauce may be exceptionally tasty, and the cheese complex and nutty, and the two might be in perfect proportions, but if the slice is flaccid (you read that right) - it's a fail. I have zero respect for slices where the cheese pays homage to the Simon and Garfunkel song, "slip sliding away"... In crust, I trust. And, the crust at Beddia is fantastic. 2nd only to Sally's Apizza in its prime (Sally's could pile on many more toppings on the same slice and yet remain sturdy - not that I advocate more toppings on a pizza). So, when I was asked about what I thought of the pizza (I'd started eating inside the shop... I pity the fool who waits to eat pizza), I said: exceptional crust! I meant the praise, as the owner sensed in my voice. What he may not know is the comparative and obsessive pizza research behind that praise.

So, was this the best pizza I've had? No. I've eaten DiFara's, Sally's, Bianco, at their peak. But, that question's irrelevant. This is fantastic pizza: probably the best 'New York Style' pie around. And, I don't make that assertion lightly, or ironically. It's not a diss to any NYC institution, for fittingly this is pizza made by someone with similar commitment and dedication to the craft as Dom DeMarco.
Ultimate idiot lemming experience. 

They make OK pizza served with a massive dose of pretension. "We don't have a phone..maximum order of two pizzas per party...there are only 40 pizzas a night."

Wow- awesome, I want to wait in line to be treated like crap and pay $29 for a pizza.
I've now been to Pizzeria Beddia twice within the past month and it most certainly is as good as it gets. My first visit was with a friend and we ordered two pies; a white pie special and a pepperoni pizza. We each did some damage but also got to take home several slices, which was awesome. 

Over the weekend, I returned with a group of ten. We ordered six pies so that we could taste a wide variety. My favorites were the pepperoni (again!), the white pie special (different from my first visit) and a classic pizza topped with hot peppers and sausage. We had a full pizza left over which was basically a mish mash of all the pizzas we ordered. Later in the evening I tried the arrabiata pizza which was loaded with spicy peppers. It was also great!  

An unexpected joy was discovering Pizzeria Beddia's soft serve! The sweet cream is absolute perfection. I also love the rotating Baba's Brew kombucha on tap. Last but not least, my servers were awesome on both visits. 

Can't wait for next time!
Amazing pizza, but I'm one and done. Won't wait for this again.
Got there at 4pm Friday, shop opened 5:30pm, received pizza at 5:45pm. By the time I received my pizza, the people ordering wouldn't received their pizza til 9:30pm.
2 pizzas max per person and about $25 per pizza. Only 40 pizzas made each night.
There's a couple standing tables; otherwise no where to eat.
Unfortunately, by the time you get it home, it's cold.
The pizza itself is very delicious. Thin, chewy crust that is cooked perfectly (tiniest burn on some spots).
White pizza with kale was really good. Kale was nice and crisp. 
Red pizza with sausage and mushroom was very good also.
Although the pizza was phenomenal, I would never wait so long for this pizza again. There are too many amazing pizza joints in the city.
Yes, it is that good. Good enough to plan your evening around it, and you do have to plan. I am lucky enough to live in Fishtown, so my planning is a bit easier, if you don't I'll give you some advice on how to do it. As mentioned in several reviews there is no phone, and you should all be thankful about this, because if there was, it would be so much harder to get a pizza there. You must go, place your order, and either wait, or come back in an forty-five minutes to one hour. I like to go order, then go to the gym, then go pick up my delicious pies, because then I feel like I really earned them. Other options are placing your order and then going to one of the eight million surrounding bars for a drink or two before you pick up your pie, or walk over to Bottle Bar and peruse their selection to find the perfect pairing for your pizza. Another option is to stop by after work and place your order, then grab your friend and a dog (maybe your dog, or someone else's dog, I don't know your life), and walk to Beddia to pick up your pizzas. See how easy this process can be if you aren't a baby about it.

The cheese is probably my favorite thing about the pizza, and what I suspect is the main culprit for the price of the pizza, which in my opinion is absolutely worth it. The cheese has a fantastic bite to it, a nice tang that makes my mouth really happy. 
The crust and sauce are also tasty and all of the ingredients blend well to make a delicious harmony of flavors.  I always order both a red and a white and then try to pick a favorite; it's still a tie.  I love that the white pizza changes with the seasons as well. At first I was disappointed to find that the dinosaur kale had been replaced by tomatoes, but man alive, it was just as delicious. 

Also, the first time I ever visited Beddia, the person who had ordered before me had prepaid for my pizza. A stranger had paid for my pizza. Yes, you read that right. It restored my faith in humanity. My husband and I were so shocked by this beautiful sentiment. We then paid it forward when we returned to pick up our pizzas and I hope that next person was just as stoked.
Interesting concept - no phone, cash only, 2 tables, no chairs, open Wednesday - Saturday 530-1030pm, can only buy pies (no slices), 1 cook, average wait time is 1-2 hours. 

Is the inconvenience worth it? No. We had the tomato pie which is made with whole milk mozzarella, old gold aged cheese, and extra virgin olive oil. We added Cremini mushrooms and arugula. The pizza tasted very, very fresh. You can tell the ingredients were good quality. We liked the pizza a lot. 

However, the aforementioned inconvenience will probably make us not come back. If I am in the mood for pizza, I'm not going to walk/drive to a place, order, and then come back in 2 hours to pick it up. There are other great pizza spots in the city that make their pizza more readily available.
There's only a few days left till the impending closing date of 3/31 mentioned in the Philly voice article.  If you want to solidify a pizza at this location read below:

1.) Get there before 3:45
I had two prior attempts before I succeeded on my third attempt.  It took getting there on a Wednesday  at 3:55.  I was the last pizza served that night!  My two prior attempts I got there after 4pm and both times was shut out. 

2.) Be ready to wait possibly til 10:30pm
If you're not getting there around 2pm or earlier to be the first person in line and get your pizza at 5:30 you'll most likely have to wait several hour.  There's two hour street parking around so you'll prob have to change parking spots to avoid a ticket or go home and wait there.

3.) If you are 21st in line you still may not get a pizza.  
People can order up to two pies each and most do!  I was 23rd in the line and got the last pie of the evening.  Don't believe the misnomer that you're 30th in line and he makes 40 pieces a day that you're going to get one.

4.) Police the line yourself.
As it gets closer to 5:30pm friends and significant others seem to hop the line next to the people the know.  This isn't cool and what was 2 pizzas ahead of you could very well be four.  
Specifically I'm talking about the dude who hop the line last Wednesday Feb 28th to meet his girlfriend in the maroon shirt. Yep total douche move the guy who got his pizza at 10pm that night.  Other people were considering asking the people if it was okay if they could leave real quick to grab beer but keep their spot.

Abiding by all the rules above you should be good.  Bring cash and get ready for some of the best pizza of your life!

Also, please click helpful, funny or useful below if you appreciate these tips!  Happy pizza hunting!
Meh. 
Gimmicky. 
Pretentious. 
Overpriced. 
Hipsters. 
Pizza is good. 
Not a value. 
Poor service. 
He creates his own demand. 
In Philly, people are too smart. 
Similar quality elsewhere at 2/3 the cost. 
The staff are just weird. 
And, despite what they think, they aren't cooler than me.
Please just try it.  It will change your world.

Be patient (the wait can be 1hr+, sometimes as short as 15 minutes), be willing to spend a little more cash than for your average pizza ($20-$30 depending on toppings), and then fall in love with some of the best pizzas in the city made by one of the nicest guys around.  I've been fortunate enough to have eaten Joe Beddia's delicious pizza a few times, and I usually only have to wait about 15-30 minutes.  Just standing there witnessing the master make each individual pie with care and love is a show in of itself.  

The menu changes seasonally - usually contains one red pie (add toppings as needed), one white pie (unique topping, delicious), and one spicy pie.  My favorite pizza of all time is his white pie with heirloom cherry tomatoes, sweet corn, basil/pesto, and a little sausage added.  The corn is crisp and sweet, the tomatoes burst with flavor in your mouth, and the sausage....ohhhh, the sausage! Just phenomenal.

Joe is a great guy.  I remember the first time I came here, I literally saw Joe sell a local some cheese and just told the guy to pay whatever he thought was fair.  What?!  Just a local guy happy to help another person out.  He's always happy to shoot the breeze on different pizzas and styles.  Most importantly, he always thanks everyone for their business and is genuinely excited that people enjoy his pizza.


Cash only.  No phone orders. Limited dining in option (2 tables, standing room only).  Still absolutely 5 stars.

Hours of operation:
Wednesday-Saturday: 5:30pm-10:30pm

Please enjoy!
No phone, no chairs, and cash only. Oh and the business hours posted are a lie. They have a business half hour. Showed up 30 minutes after they opened and saw a sold out sign on the door. Beddia wasn't opened for the three days leading up to the night I arrived and they sold out thirty minutes after they opened.

I am sure this creates excitement and intrigue for some. For me, I am furious . If I drive in from the suburbs and you don't answer the phone and you sell out in thirty minutes, what am I supposed to do? I guess I'll just have to go somewhere where business owners respond to their patrons. AKA everywhere else.
We went to Beddia for the first time last night. I moved into the neighborhood about a month ago. Since day one, I've been dying to try this place, but I'm not into standing and eating. I'd been wanting to take it to-go and bring it back to my apartment. The brutally cold weather has kept me on a strictly delivery diet when craving pizza. The mild 30 degree weather last night finally got us there. 

We had read mixed reviews online and were expecting the owner to be pretentious and dismissive. We experienced the polar opposite. We were greeted with smiles and courtesy by both the owner and the cashier. I don't do spicy, but he does, and I felt like he needed to experience it. So we ordered the Arrabiata and a pie with roasted onions and baby arugula, and decided we'd just have leftovers. We were told it would be about 45 minutes, so we went to Johnny Brenda's for a few beers while we waited. 

When we came back, one pizza was ready, the other was almost ready.  I made a comment about how amazing it smelled in there, saying they should bottle the smell and sell it as a perfume. The owner proceeded to tell me someone has bottled the smell of pizza, but as pizza-flavored beer. He reached under the counter and grabbed a bottle of said beer, explaining that someone brought him a six-pack as a gift. So we split the strange beer while we waited for a few more minutes. 

We got to my apartment and the slices were still hot after 4 blocks (maybe a 5 minute walk) in below freezing temperatures. I took one bite of his pizza and it was way too angry for my taste. I absolutely loved mine though. The crust was definitely among the best I've ever had. Perfectly crispy. I drew the line at 3 slices, he drew his at 4. I think it's on par with Pizzeria Vetri, maybe better. It was so good, the dog only got one crust from each of us. :)

Overall, it was a great experience. It was definitely pricey and hard to say that two pizzas would ever be worth $50. But we'll definitely be back and I can't wait to eat the leftovers tonight. But that was the first and last time either of us will drink pizza-flavored beer.

UPDATE: heated the leftover pizza in the oven and it was ALMOST as good as when fresh.
Pizzeria Beddia gets a lot of hype and for the most part it delivers!

Located in the trendy Fishtown neighborhood, the façade is a mix of its previous open air space at the entrance followed by a new, covered, and formal dining space. It's a nice nod to its roots and also it's future.

Of note, reservations are recommended. We had a 9:15pm reservation. We checked in on time but weren't seated until 9:40pm. The service staff were aware they were behind and did their best to keep on schedule. We ended up grabbing some wine and hung out in the outside space. There are heating lamps and picnic tables outside, but it is limited. Since it was a Friday night, for our purposes, it was standing room only. 

Inside is open, light in color, and bright. There are booths available towards the back and a large bar when we first walk in. It is rather raucous inside and the acoustics didn't help, as some times it was hard to hear each other. 

Once seated, our waitress was quick to offer us drinks, the menu, and to recommend an appetizer as it would take a bit for pizza to come out (each pie is baked fresh.) 

The menu is pretty diverse (for a pizza place), with options for many different diets. They also had a special running that night. We ended up ordering the special - a white pizza with shallots and kale, as well as their "angry" pizza - which we were warned was spicy (made with Serrano peppers  in the sauce!)

For an appetizer, we ordered a cheese platter. The appetizer was pretty tasty but the bread it was served with was ill proportioned. The waitress did give us another bowl of bread to help balance it out. 

Once the pizza came out (took about 25 minutes), it was warm and ready to be devoured. The white pizza was very savory but a little heavy on the finishing oil! The amount of napkins necessary does not exist! The "angry" pizza lived up to its expectations - spicy but SO good! 

There were four of us and the two pies definitely left us full with spare slices left. I liked that they hand out aluminum foil when wrapping up to go containers - environmentally friendly. That being said...the pizza is pricy so I'm sure they could afford to option actual boxes to use as to go containers. 

We ended up ordering their espresso ice cream - which really cleansed the palate! We just ordered one helping and extra spoons - it was enough for all of us without feeling like we were in a food coma! 

The service was good and the food was delicious so definitely a place to try and even return to. It is on the pricier side for a pizza parlor, and the wait times can be lengthy - it's not an easy option for pick up and go :(. 

Enjoy!!
Last Name Beddia, first name Joe
The Jesus of pizza, the messiach of dough
He doesn't need a credit card or to talk on the phone
If you don't like this pizza you'll just die alone
I'm gonna say it, yes I dare
His ingredients are fresher than the prince of Bel Air
I'll post about it on yelp, google, and reddit
last night I sold my first born child to get it
If you want the best, this is the pizza you seek
but Joe, why don't you open more days of the week?
Beddia, you best remember the name.
It's putting so much of its competition to shame

Pizza Jesus has arrived
Just in time
He makes those 3 pies that blow your mind
Pizza Jesus has risen
more addictive than Meth
I'm gonna eat it 'til I rupture and I bleed to death.

--

Cons - No Phone, cash only, cumbersome hours, no real seating. 
Pros - Awesome pizza by a man who loves his pizza.
--

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NVqei3sa_6Q
This isn't the first time I've tried something based on a popular rap song. I once ordered a Brass Monkey at a bar and was disappointed at how ungangster it was. It was just a screwdriver with rum! Gin and juice didn't fare much better so I entered Pizza Beddia with a touch of trepidation. 

PB doesn't open til 530 and it doesn't have a phone so get there early. I arrived at 5:31 and was told my pizza would be ready at 6:15. Far from being annoyed by this, I was thinking that this was bound to be great. 

My last experience with out of this world Pizza was at Difaras in Brooklyn. Just 2 guys painstakingly crafting the perfect pie that will not be rushed. If Difaras redefined pizza for me, Beddia has reinforced it. 

I ordered a regular pie and an angry pie. We ate there, standing at one of the 2 tables they have. The pizza was perfect . Thin, almost burned crispy crust, wonderful cheese sauce and spices. It could be very easy to eat a $20 pie in one sitting by yourself . As it was, 3 of us were able to demolish 2 pies with ease. However the angry pie, which is deceptively spicy, was a bit more slow going due to its increasing heat. 

So on the gangsta rap scale, this one hits Tupac level. It's so inspiring that I feel the need to start a little East Coast/ West Coast rap battle with Brad P. * Cue Sanford and Son Theme*

Pizza Beddia
It'll knock you on your ass
We all see ya
Other pizza has no class

Ok I'm done.
A couple of years ago Bon Appetit Magazine said that Joe Beddia's pizza was the very best in the entire United States.  Time Magazine recently named Pizza Beddia one of the top twenty places to eat in the world.  Wow these are some incredibly lofty accolades!  As one can imagine at the small old hole-in-the-wall, getting a Beddia Pizza was a major investment in time and luck.  With the cool new spot which is actually large for a pizzeria, the task of eating here has gotten easier - a little bit. You see it is still mega popular and there is only so much dough.  And the dough turns into the amazing crust which is what drives this pizza's popularity.

When something is so lauded, I almost want to be one of those people who try to bring it down a notch or two.  But I ran into a problem in doing just that.  The pizza was indeed awesome!  I ordered the Arrabbiata (angry pizza) and loved it - the crust was perfect with Mr. Beddia's signature charring in effect at a few places on the rim of the pie.  The spiciness was just at the right level to live up to the "angry" in its arrabbiata name.  And my friends' regular cheese and tomato pizza was just as tasty but without the heat.

The only negatives are that it is a little bit expensive here - not just the pizza but also the small glass of draft Kambucha I ordered at the bar.  For that amount of Kambucha, it should have been a couple of dollars less...or keep the same price and increase the amount of kambucha.  But still adding in the atmosphere and buzz, the kinda hidden location, a cool minimalist design, and pretty friendly servers and bar tenders, Pizza Beddia is a total winner!

Tips - There is no take-out here but if you can't finish all your pie, they will give you a box to take the rest home with you.  
Also I saw no condiments to add to the pizza - hot pepper, grated cheese, oregano, s&p etc. You eat your pizza just the way Joe and his crew serve it to you.
This place sacrifices the basics of service on the altar of cool. 

The pizza might be great, but only those willing to jump through hoops all night or move to fishtown will ever get to find out, so who cares?
Dad calls me and says, "Have you been to Pizzeria Beddia? I read about it in Bon Appetit. Best pizza in America, Knowlton says." So I'm all like PFFFFFT, hell no. "Best Pizza??" Is there such a thing?! It's like if I'm in a room with Sofia Vergara, Charlize Theron and Halle Berry and you're like "Which one is the most beautiful??"  It's a DILEMMA people. I'd cuddle them all. And to further compound my problems, I went to their website where in ALL CAPS like a bad OKCupid Profile (why are you YELLING?) they instructed me that they make a limited number of pizzas and there's usually a line and please start lining up at 4pm for $30 pizzas. Not sure my boss would be cool with me leaving work at 3:30 to go stand in a line, guy. And you know I'm not gonna win a pizza on a weekend.

So, I called my between-jobs loves-food-as-much-as-me friend and was like, "I have this really really good idea.... You stand in line by yourself and bring fifty dollars in cash. For PIZZA." 

Thank God she agreed. Chomping on two pizzas later: Arribiatta pizza whose humorous description on the pizza board has the word "ANGRY"-- i.e. the poops you will have later on. But, oh so happily spicy. You're like crying and smiling at the same time. And then we had a sausage with onions-- I could eat a hundo slices. 

After much contemplating and processing I knew why this place was a special five star pizza (for me): It's *not* brick oven pizza. I know that sounds weird but I think 9/10 of the philly pizza places I regularly frequent are all brick oven places. Pizza that tastes this great and it was made in a gas oven-- that's a masterful skill. Like finding out Halle Berry is almost 50. Yeah. Gorgeous.
I had to wait a few days before writing this review because I was really floundering between three and four stars and after some thought, my friend and I both overall that all the hype over this restaurant was not worth it.

We had a reservation and made it in time to pay $25 to park in a lot on a Friday afternoon as street parking is a PITA. 

The coolness and vibe of the rather full restaurant was right up there. Everyone seemed to be having a good time. We ordered "remotely" using our phones and a QR code. The process was very easy and our food came quickly. 

Don't get me wrong; the pizzas were quite good. We ordered the "Angry" which was loaded with the jalapeño and other was mostly a red pie with the anchovies on the side. We devoured them both, but had no dreams of nirvana pizza gods smiling brightly. I truly think pizza, like cheesesteaks and hoagies, are a huge personal preference, and Pizzeria Beddia was not our ultimate favorite. Additionally, maybe the ingredients used justify the $25 price per pizza and $4 toppings, or maybe it's the hype price, or the area of a bunch of young people with cash to blow, but these prices are too high. But, that's me.

We also "splurged" for the soft serve; I had the cream and my friend had the espresso. Again, nice but not blow my mind ice cream.

Service was very friendly and almost too attentive. 

My friend and I overall enjoyed going out and good conversation, but agreed that we won't come back.

$100 for two cocktails, two pizzas, and two soft serve not including tip.
Since the dawn of time, pizza has been the lazy man's meal. 9 times out of 10, you've reached for your phone, stomach grumbling and called up that pizza delivery place you have on speed-dial for the sheer fact that it's fast, easy, cheap, filling, and even on its worst days, delicious. 

Well if that's what you're looking for, Pizzeria Beddia is not the place for you my friend. It's a pain in the tuckas. There is no phone so you actually have to get up and go order it, in-store and then you have to wait for it. It's cash only, so if you got no money in the bank, you better bum a $20 or find gooey satisfaction elsewhere that will let you put your meal on plastic. Also, this is just not the poor man's pizza. It's $18 (maybe $20, can't remember) for a plain pie. Add a few toppings, and you're looking at a $30 flying saucer of sauciness. (Nothing good in life comes cheap. Wonk, wonk, wonk.)

But once you get over all the "UGHHHHHH REALLY?!" moments, you realize that you've just sunk your teeth into one of the most satisfying, mouth-watering slices in the city (in my Top 3 in the Tristate, for sure...and certainly the best in Fishtown/NoLibs). As you gather yourself from the euphoric whirl of flavors and dancing pizzas that take over your mouth, brain, and soul, only one word comes to mind: FRESH. You can tell that every pizza is expertly crafted with love and only the best ingredients. No "week-past-expiration" cheese here, folks!! This is gourmet shiz. The crust stands on its own, with a good flavor, a little chew, and slightly-burnt-in-all-the-right-places crunch. The sauce is juicy and radiant. The cheese is stretchy and milky. It's just a damn good slice. It really is. 

And then it hits you. That's why it's a pain. It's a pizza elite. And if it wasn't so hard to get, it wouldn't be so expertly crafted. It wouldn't be so full of love, and warmth, and unicorn glitter. It would just be a cheap bite of convenience like everywhere else. But this, gentleman, is artisan pizza.
Come for the pizza, stay for the espresso soft serve. As someone often off-put by the strong taste of bitter espresso, Pizzeria Beddia's take on this cold treat is sweet, creamy, and crave-worthy. My mouth is watering just thinking about it. 

The famous pizza? It's good! It's served piping hot, so give it a minute to cool. There are about four varieties, a classic cheese (with an endless assortment of add-ons available - i.e. pepperoni), a spicy pizza, and two special pizzas. In my two visits, I've had a classic pepperoni, the spicy pizza (it's SPICY), and a cream-based pear pizza. The flavor is consistent with each visit, and it's very, very good. Is it worth all the hype? It's hard to say. At the end of the day, it's pizza. One pizza feeds two people, or one really hungry person, and they start at $23-25 apiece. Tack on an appetizer, a beverage, or a dessert, and the bill climbs quickly. My last visit was with three friends. We ordered two pizzas, four beers, and two servings of espresso soft-serve and it was over $100. It's definitely not your run-of-the-mill cheap pizza night. It's worth a visit, but maybe not more than one.

There is no take-out. Make a reservation. We visited on a busy night, and had over an hour's wait. If you're hungry, plan ahead. If you're looking for cheap pizza and beer, look elsewhere.
Not worth the hassle...

40 pies per night, no phone, cash only, you wait forever to pick up your pie (my total wait was 4.5 hours). The pizza is good, but nothing special... certainly not best pizza in america and not authentic Italian. Overpriced and they were out of virtually all toppings. 

My experience: I waited in line for an hour an a half and ordered my pizza at 5:45... but the pick-up time was 8:45!! THREE HOURS LATER!! Furthermore, there is no line etiquette or rules. Several people in front of me had friends jump in line with them, meaning despite being the 15th person in line when I got there, there was no guarantee I was getting one of their 40 pies if each person ordered 2 pies, especially with all these cutters. 

I really wanted the pizza to be sooo good that it was worth the hassle and wait, but it wasn't... I've had better in Italy, the US, and Philly. 

My suggestion: Get a phone, let people order ahead of time and reserve pies like Tacconellis does.
This is probably the best pizza I've ever had in my life.  And I'm giving it 4 stars and probably won't ever be back again.

If you've been there, this contradiction completely makes sense to you.

As has been mentioned in other reviews, the lack of seating, the wait, and the price make it too difficult to actually enjoy the experience.  My wife and I ordered, were told it was an hour wait, so we went over to EGG for a few beers.  We ended up ordering an appetizer there because, you know, we were actually hungry.  After the hour, we went over to get the pizza.  It was simply wonderful.  The first thing the lovely wife said was "I haven't had anything this good since I was in Italy" so this is no-joke-very-tasty stuff.  So we both sat there (stood there?) and ate the entire thing.  And were still hungry afterwards.

It's awesome food.  It's also outrageously priced and terribly inconvenient.  What a shame.
Pizzeria Beddia: The best pizza in America (according to me & Bon Appetit)

When I lived in Philly, I just couldn't be bothered with the line for Fishtown's Pizzeria Beddia, which reportedly grew to ridiculous lengths after Bon Appetit declared the 40 pizzas they make daily to be "The Best Pizza in America."

But since I was back in Philly for a long weekend, and Beddia is reportedly closing up shop at the end of the year, I thought I'd get a group of pizza-loving friends together, volunteer to stand in line, and see how good it could actually be (I was skeptical, to say the least).  

I got there at 2:50PM on a hot, sunny Saturday, and being #1 in line (I had to race another couple, or I would have been #3), we got our pizzas by 5:45PM.  There were an amazing 35 people in line when they opened at 5:20PM.  Considering you can only get 2 pizza, someone was going to be dissapointed!

We got our limit of 2 pizzas ($61.55 counting tax):

#1: Tomato, whole milk moss, Old Gold aged cheese, EVOO, with added sausage, roasted onions, Cremini mushrooms

#4: Tomato pie, anchovy, garlic, oregano, Old Gold aged cheese

Conclusions?

The #4 was BEST PIZZA I've ever had!!!  It takes that place away from Tacconelli's Pizzeria's (E Somerset St location) tomato & spinach pizza (we also had 4 Tacconelli's pizzas later after finishing Beddia's, so I can say that after trying them almost side-by-side).  It was a perfectly balanced pizza with amazingly crispy thin crust that was still airy, and a lovely acidic, very tomatoey sauce laced with slivers of garlic.  The 1 anchovy/slice blended, providing more salt than fishy flavor.  I couldn't decide whether the crust or the sauce contributed more to making this the perfect pizza.  Paired perfectly with a Chimay Grande Reserve (Blue) Belgian ale.

Curious that my 2 favorite pizzas of all time are in Philly, when I grew up near and went to school in Chicago, a noted pizza city (which Philly obviously isn't).  Go Philly!

The #1 was a very nice pizza, particularly flavorful, although the sausage, which was torn into tiny chunks that sort of disappeared into the toppings.  However, the crust wasn't as crunchy as the #4, perhaps due to the loaded toppings, or the fact that it was eaten second, after a 10 minute walk back the Mulherin Hotel where I was staying and so it had more time to soften in the box (although it was the second out of the oven, whereas the #4 sat in an cracked open box on the top of the oven for 5 minutes).  Paired with a 2011 Jean-Marc Burgaud Morgon Côte du Py James.

Was it worth a 3 hour wait?  Yes, once, but I'm not sure I'm going to do it again (but if someone wants to volunteer???).  This does set my longest foodie line wait (previously 2.5 hours for Hattie B's Hot Chicken in Nashville).

But at least when Joe closes this place and opens a new, bigger restaurant with slices (the rumor), I won't have to cringe when everyone says "Yeah, it's good, but it is a pity you never tried the original."

[No photos permitted, but I did sneak in one or two lol before being shooed away.]

Bon Appetit article: https://www.bonappetit.com/people/chefs/article/beddia
I'm not sure if I would have made it up to Beddia on my own.  Yes I love pizza but waiting in line in Fishtown is not how I normally like to spend my time.  I'm glad I was gifted a pie and was convinced to get there early and wait it out.  It was great.

Beddia is small.  Just a couple of communal standing tables and the kitchen area.  We arrived around 4:15 and were lucky to be the first in line.  They open at 5:30 and that's when you are permitted to order.  Our pie was ready by 5:45 which was nice.

Watching Joe work was really worth it for me.  His setup is simple.  He makes pies and someone else takes orders.  Your offset in line determines when you get your pie.  You can estimate a 15 minute wait per person so you can do the math while you're waiting.

He has his own pace and doesn't seem hurried or stressed.  There is something almost zen like in the way he preps and bakes pies.  He checks the dough a few times, dresses it, looks it over again and then launches it.  One turn around 8 minutes through and then into an inside out pizza box.  Final inspection and then handed off to the customer.

It's not a New York pie and it's not an imitation new york pie either.  It really reminds me the most of what I would call a "bar pie" that pubs near where I grew up would serve.  It's thin and distinctly crisp but not cracker like.  The sauce and cheese and even the dough are elegant in my opinion because of their simplicity.  You have a guy who's moving at his own pace, working with simple, high quality ingredients and letting them shine.

Of course we took the whole pie down.  We walked over to Garage and paired it with a couple assertive IPAs.  This was a really great birthday present and I gotta give a shout out to my best bro for setting this up.  It was a really fun outing.
Let me start by saying I come from a place widely known for their pizza, so I might be a little spoiled. I have been searching for a place near where I live in philadelphia that I could actually enjoy. So far it hasn't been good. I really want something good that delivers in the northern liberties area, but I was willing to give beddia a chance even though they don't deliver. 

The pizza itself was good enough that if I came across it again I would eat it. But it wasn't worth what I had to go through to get it. And this is coming from a girl who drives two hours for good pizza. Trust me as a pizza lover I will go out of my way if I think it is worth it. Unfortunately, pizzeria beddia isn't worth what they put me through.

First of all, why in the world don't they have a phone? I can't think of a single legitimate business that doesn't have a phone. I would think that it's more of a hassle not to have one. It is definitely a hassle for their customers. I can't imagine that any person who eats there actually enjoys walking or finding parking there once to order, then a second time to pick up. I can't understand it. Its just more work for people who already have hectic schedules.

I would wait there except there is nowhere to sit and it takes an hour. I'm not complaining about the hour wait cause good work takes time. But I would rather call and wait at home. 

I would never eat there. There are no seats and it was not a welcoming atmospere. And the cashier was rude to me.

All in all good, but not that good. I won't be going back.
This pizza is so sad compared to the hype.  We drove to Philly from NYC just to try it, and I just can't believe that anyone would call this the best pizza in the nation.  That person must be a Domino's kind of guy.

I mean, it is pizza, and in that, it is good.  But the crust is dry and crackery, cheese is decent quality but nothing mindblowing - they do stack on A LOT of it, and the sauce is a little too tomato pasty.  Overall just lacked flavor, texture and quality from what I was expecting.

It is very cool in a hipster sense that there's one guy with curly hair and glasses making every single pie by hand, but it is also stupid ridiculous that you put your name down to order a pie and have to come back 3 hours later to eat it.  Okay, if it was truly the BEST pizza you will ever eat, I can dig it.  But this place isn't even a top 10 contender!!!  Comparing this place to Di Fara's is blasphemy and an insult to the true godfather of pizza, banging out those pies in Brooklyn for decades now.

It's sad that this place probably gets a lot of crappy reviews because of all the hype it's generated by the Bon Appetit article.  No expectations, it's decent, good pizza - 3 stars.  All the hassle and hype brings it down though.  

I do like the story and passion behind the joint though.  Yay for successful small businesses.
WOW!!! WOW!!! 
I subscribe to BA and this place was given the title of being the best pizza in America and I will have to say that I agree! Before I ventured here, I did my research on their website and I also gathered some insight from reading a couple of Yelp reviews. Please note that they only make 40 pizzas a night and after asking Joe (the owner) why, he told me that he likes to maintain the freshness and quality of the pizza and plus Joe is the only guy that makes the pizza. I love that they care about the quality and regarding freshness, on the menu board they list the local farms and producers where they receive their ingredients from; you do not get any fresher than that.
On a Thursday, we arrived at 4:20 and were the first people in line! I think the fact that it rained had a lot to do with our luck because sometimes people arrive at least 2 hours prior to opening! Crazy? Yes, but worth every bit of the wait. As it got closer to 5:30, the line had accumulated to about 20 people. Because we were first in line, we were lucky enough to grab one of the two available tables. They offer complimentary water and bites of french bread with olive oil dipping sauce. I did not ask, but I am sure that they also bake the bread.
Being that it was our first time, we ordered all three pizzas as advertised; there was not a need to add toppings to a culinary experience that we had yet to even try. Due to the freshness of the ingredients, the menu is changed seasonally, but I think their basic cheese and "Angry" pizza are their staples. We could barely talk, the pizza was that good and we also noticed a distinct taste with each pizza. I will caution you: if you do not like really spicy food, I would stay away from the "Angry" pizza as it has a topping of pickled chilis and thai chilis are also mixed in the sauce. I was left with a clammy face, but I LOVE spicy foods, so I could take the heat.
As we were sitting there and eating like there was no tomorrow and bopping our heads to the great music selection, someone ordered a pizza and was told they could pick it up at 8:30...I looked at my watch and it was only 5:45! Yeah, get there early and get it in and do not forget that they only accept cash!
When we left, we did not have that stuffed feeling you would normally have from so much pizza and I think it was due to the fact that the dough is fermented for 36 hours and is prepared with organic flour; throw in the fresh ingredients and there you have it.....the BEST thin crust pizza in America. I am a Chicago girl and I will not give up my stuffed Giordano's, but I have definitely made some room in my heart for this joint.
Pizza has been somewhat of a black hole in Fishtown until recently.  For years I have been saying that someone needs to come in and step it up and here we are - Pizzeria Beddia has just rocked my world.

Its a small place - with no seating and two high standing tables.  The mushroom pizza we ordered was probably some of the best pizza I've ever had.  The sauce was perfect and there was a crafty mixture of cheeses that made up the topping.   Joe, the owner, came by and offered a sampling of the salami, pickled hot peppers, and a piece of cheese (which is grated on top of the pizza) to try - and every single one of those things was amazing.  The pickled hot peppers were made in house and were so good that I dipped my crust into the remaining pickle juice at the bottom of the ramekin - I will surely be getting these peppers on my next pizza.  

There is something extremely special about this place - and the owner, who made our pizza is a culinary/pizza genius.  I'll be back here next week....
Used to eat here all the time.  Great pizza. Angry pie is number 2 pie in city. Get the angry pie it is as good as it gets.

Now the problem:
No one can be a regular here any more. It is pretty much for tourists and local first timers.

Reality is you need to show up at 4 to get one of the early pies and 445 to get a pie at 930.  the no number no res gimmick was great when he was pretty successful but now that he is big time its just rude to customers to make them wait hours and hours to eat. If he just took online orders that charged at the time of order regulars could enjoy his pies again. 

I root for their continued success but no way Im waiting in an hour long line for a pizza in a city where there are 15 great options. 

Fix the ordering system or expand, I want to enjoy a Joe Beddia pie again!
The new location lived up to all our expectations. Staff is super friendly the second you walk through the door. We were lucky enough to get in the first weekend -- make a reservation online through Resy or else it'll run you a 3 hour walk in wait at minimum.

The design is very minimalist and clean plenty of booth space, seats at the bar so you can see into the kitchen and outdoor seating coming soon. 

We started with the tomato pie and ended up getting a few rounds of it... I think I enjoyed this more then the actual pizza... it was to die for. Make sure you start off with an order of it.

We got a normal pie and added sausage and pepperoni. The flavors were insane the pie was pretty oily but i think that's just his style.  

Love that he's supporting all the other local businesses -- beer from Fermentery Form, love city, commonwealth, etc. 

They're also trying to get better with waste issues and offer to wrap your pizza up instead of boxes to go which was nice to see. Hopefully I'll get back with another reservation soon.
Sooo it's official  the soul and love is gone . Is it still decent pizza ? Yeah . Worth $37 I just dropped for a two topping plain pie and a small appetizer . Nah dawg . It's a no go . So what's different ? Because of the scale ...10000 percent sure they are not fermenting the dough as long if it all . Maybe 24 hours . Or 12 . Who knows . Also highly doubt they are using the same high quality olive oil to top the pizza like when it was a one man show . Gone are the the spicy grass notes  from the olive oil . Gone are the sweet malitniness and floral notes ( think Belgian beer)  from the crust .  I'm not mad at Joe . I get it . He didn't want to do it anymore and he just wanted to make some money and have security . There's no shame in that . I still respect the guy . But at the same time it is my duty to tell fellow yelpers that it isn't the same pizza that earned the title best pizza in America some years ago .
It's a decent pizza place with decent customer service . But again  no longer life changing . Why? It's not an artisanal / craft pizza place  , with one guy , one dream , one mission ( it's all about the pizza ) anymore . It's a restaurant that wants to provide decent pies  and to make bank  $$$$$!
My fiance and I were in Philly for the weekend and staying with some friends in the area. Luckily we have the bestest friends who know our love for food and the best places around town. The moment they told us they made reservations for this place and the back story, we were 100% down to come here.

It was packed on a Friday evening. We had reservations at 7:30 pm, but still had to wait 15 minutes for our table. They ask you to wait outside, and there is a cocktail waitress who will take your orders for drinks. We were seated at one of the communal tables. Our waitress was very friendly and very helpful. We ordered drinks and decided to get the beans after she described some of the small plates to us. We were told the pizzas take about 25 minutes to get out to us. 

The beans were hands down the best I ever have. They were super fresh and in this lemon-y olive oil. It was perfectly cooked. They were so smooth, it almost tasted like the inside of a very gourmet french fry. We all loved it.

The pizza came out, pipping hot and very delicious looking. We got the classic pizza with both pepperoni and sausage added. As well as the special pizza for the night, a white pizza with a roasted corn cream sauce and blistered cherry tomatoes. This place rendered all of us silent for minute as we devoured our first slices. And then we couldn't stop talking about how amazing the pizza was. My favorite was the corn pizza. It was unique, the corn added great texture, and the tomatoes added that burst of sweetness and juiciness. Hands down some of the best pizza I've ever had. The sausage was insanely good and well flavored. It took every ounce of my will power not to eat a 4th slice. But I kind of regret it right now as I fly back to Seattle. 

They do have some delicious sounding soft serve for dessert which we unfortunately had to pass on because of other dessert plans, but next time we will most definitely try it. I will forever think of this place when someone asks me what the best pizza I've ever had was. Make reservations and know that the wait is conpletely worth it.
"It's not about you . It's not about me . It's about the pizza ." - Joe Beddia

After one failed attempt to come here about a month ago I finally got a pie tonight .
I got here after 4 on a Wednesday and I was   11th in line . 

After talking to this nice handsome man from Maine who was behind me in line I decided to go with the original with pepperoni on one half . They told me to return around 6:15 . 

My pizza journey took 4 hours and honestly I would do it again .
 
The verdict : it is one of the best pizzas I've ever had and I fully understand why bon apetit ranked this place as having the best pizza in America .

I also understand why some people say that while this place is above average it was not worth the wait .
 
It all comes down to your palate .

If you like fine dining you'll love this place  because that's what joe does ; he takes a simple dish and elevates it . 
He is the master of layering . The creaminess of the mozzarella . The sweet maltiness of the crust . The acidity from the tomato sauce . The sharp finish of the hard cheeses . The spicy grass / floral notes from the olive oil he finishes the pizza off with ....

The pepperoni side  wasn't as good  as the plain because the meat through off the balance of salt on the pie .

Next time I'm just going to get the original without any toppings  .

However if you're not in the fine dining camp that's cool too . This place isn't for you . Pizza brain is ( budget wise , convenience and tasty af) . See my review for them .

Pizza beddia is not as pretentious as it seems .
I understand Joe . I understand why he does what he does .

The prices are a bit high but that's because he is using premium ingredients to make his pies . That olive oil for example ain't cheap .

The 40 pie a night thing  also is  not a marketing ploy . It's really all about quality control .

He doesn't want to potentially comprise his message by having someone else interpret his artwork ...because that's what his pizza is....art.
tl;dr the hotly-anticipated revival of Joe Beddia's nationally acclaimed pizzeria, featuring a full-course menu and wine on tap 

The original, 40-pies-per-night Pizzeria Beddia was touted by Bon Appetit Magazine as the best pizza in America back in 2015. As its reputation grew, so did the lines, and so did the fanatical obsession with his pies. But, to everyone's surprise, the original location unexpectedly closed last year, as Joe Beddia decided to take the next step -- he upgraded his two-man operation to a full-service establishment.

The new spot is lofty and spacious, complete with two dedicated dining rooms, a full horse-shoe bar, and a patio for both the queue and outside dining. The minimalistic Icelandic aesthetic is exemplified by the white walls with softly curving entrances and the steeply vaulted ceilings, and the exposed beams are crafted from the same light wood as the benches and tables.

During my last visit, I had to make my reservation 2 months in advance -- for a weekday evening. Over those two months, the frenzy surrounding Pizzeria Beddia seems to have died down quite a bit so, combined with 60% of the space being reserved for walk-ins, I think it's safe to show up reservation-less early afternoon to snag a table.

My partner and I decided to split the Tomato Pie, the Roasted Vegetable Caesar, and the "Angry" Pizza Arabica. The tomato pie, probably the star of our meal (which says a lot, because it was all great), consisted of a thick, pillowy crust, decorated with a fresh red sauce and Italian spices, then doused with olive oil. The assortment of bitter, crunchy vegetables were served cold, countered sharply by a tangy, savory, and strongly anchovy Caesar dressing. Finally, the angry pizza combined the sweet tomato pie with over-the-top chili spice. Be warned -- while I enjoyed the culmination of all the fresh flavors, my partner found the heat to be overwhelming. For safer options, I've found the plain pie and the anchovy pie to also be winners.

$45 for an amazing deal for two? Sounds like a no-brainer to me. While naysayers claim that Pizzeria Beddia 2.0 doesn't live up to the hype, it would be a crime to diminish what Beddia has created. The appetizers are just as much a focal point of the restaurant as the pizza, yet the pies continue to be the best I have tried in Philly. If you're living under a rock and still haven't given Pizzeria Beddia a try, then what on Earth are you waiting for? Go!
I have been dying to try Pizzeria Beddia since the Bon Appetit article in June, 2015. Personally, I was most attracted to the addition of old gold cheese (similar to gouda), the preference of simple and/or few toppings, and the references to Brooklyn's DiFara's.

The first time we tried to go this past summer, I took the day off work and booked a hotel room and an Amtrak ticket from New York. You can imagine my dismay when Beddia posted on their instagram page that they were going on summer vacation, and would be closed for 2 weeks on my chosen date. They routinely close at random times because well, there are only 2 guys running the show. So my advice to any non-locals is to keep your plans fluid and an eye on their instagram.

The next opportunity presented itself on Friday, December 23rd. We already had the day off work for the holiday, and were going to be at my in-laws' in South Jersey. My husband and I arrived at Beddia pretty early, around 4pm, and there was no line, so we went to one of his favorite bars, Johnny Brenda's, for a late-afternoon drink. We finally got in line around 4:45pm, and were about the 10th in, so I was able to comfortably sit on the railing instead of standing. I must assume this line varies by day, weather, and individual circumstances.

At 5:30pm promptly, the doors opened, and the line neatly progressed inside. We placed our order for 1/2 plain, and 1/2 pepperoni, and then went back to Johnny Brenda's with 6:30pm return instructions. We returned to a calm and empty restaurant, and happily devoured our pizza at 1 of 2 tables inside. This is where Pizzeria Beddia stands apart from other buzzy places (easy example: aforementioned DiFara's). It's organized and orderly! Simply get there early, wait on line until opening time, place your order, then come back and calmly enjoy your pizza.

The pizza? Everything I hoped it would be. Wonderfully cheesy, and a perfect chewy thin crust. My only complaint was that it had a few charred crust bubbles, but I can overlook that. I preferred the pepperoni to plain, and will likely order full pepp next time. I can't wait to come back.
Rolling down 95 on the way south to MD and family wanted pizza. Wife checked Yelp and I was blessed to pick an exit that led us to Girard Ave.     
       Well, I got the last two pies of the day and they were incredible. Joe didn't rush mine because it was the end of the night and almost closing time. The crust was crispy and complimented the fresh ingredients. My 10yr have it an 8 out of 10 and he is very tough. My 8yr old hasn't developed a taste for much more than those delivery pizzas. My wife and foodie partner LOVED it and was glad to spend the cash(a little over $50.00) after she tasted the product.
       I will be telling my peeps in Philly all about the small, 40 pie per day, open from 5:30p-10:30p, cash only, no call in carryout, wonderful pizza joint in Fishtown. 
       I got to shake hands with the two "pizza masters" before I left. It is great to know there are folks who take this much pride in what they do and "stay in their lane" and do what they know best. Cheers to you Joe and thanks for dinner and the fresh loaf of Italian bread.
No stools, No phone, No problem.

Joseph Beddia  = good at life; an officer and a gentleman of the highest order. Truly a welcome addition to the burgeoning class of eccentric small businesses owners in Philly bold enough to challenge, enhance, and redefine the intriguing cultural landscape of this historically weird town. Joe is adding his ideas to the pot alright - one earnest move at a time. 

This particular pizza experience is so specific to Joe's persona, and to Fishtown, that I can't help but stand up and applaud generously for it's existence. Keep it up Joe and crew. Stay true to who you are. 

"Take it easy, but take it." ~ Woody Guthrie
I am considered a pizza snob among my circle of friends. I can't help it. I was born and raised in one of the three greatest pizza cities in the country. Life became difficult when I moved to the SJ/Philadelphia region. Not only did I struggle to find great pizza, but finding an eatery that consistantly made a decent pizza was difficult. I found myself searching for a new place every other week. When the pizza at Chickies and Petes is on par with some of the pizzerias in the area, I consider that to be a cause for concern. 

My friend, Jamie K, suggested that we try Pizzeria Beddia. She has dined from there before and had nothing but good things to say about this place. She stated that the pizza from Beddia was going to change my life. 

Good thing my friend was not working that day because she was in line by 5:30 to order pies before they were sold out. This place only sells 40 pies a day and you are lucky if they don't sell out before 5:45. We killed some time at a nearby watering hole because our pies were not going to be ready till 8:15; another novelty about this place. Be prepared to wait a few hours to allow the kitchen to turn their fresh ingredients into a work of perfection. 

We ordered three pies, plain, sausage, and pickled chiles. Now pickled chiles are something I normally would not order on my pizza but, this had me considering other toppings I usually stay away from; still no anchovies.  The pizza had the characteristics of everything I was seeking in pizza. For starters the pies were cooked perfectly; something some pizzerias struggle to do. The crust was crispy, and the cheese and sauce was not running everywhere. You can taste the quality whether it be the ingredients or the amount of work that went into the pizza. 

I wish we were able to enjoy our pizza at the establishment instead of the 10 minutes, an eternity in pizza time, it took to get my friends place because a pizza fresh out of the oven is the best. Even though I would have enjoyed the pizzas warmer, they were actually still really good, and all the flavor was still present.
I'm sorry, Pizzeria Beddia. I feel bad about giving three stars, but I think I can justify that better than giving four stars. Although it really was a toss up between three or four stars.

So I came to Pizzeria Beddia after reading about how it's the "best pizza in America" per Bon Appetite and a maybe other articles as well. Of course I had to see what all the buzz is about! So after about an hour and a half's drive over to Pizzeria Beddia, my boyfriend and I arrive roughly an hour before they open (they're only open Wednesdays through Saturdays from 5:30P to 10:30P and only make 40 pies a day). There are already several people waiting in line. So we jump in line and I'd say we're about 6th place in line. 

It's 5:30P and they open. They let everyone in and everyone makes their order - there's no phone installed, so there's no option of calling in orders ahead of time. It's a short menu but it's clear - you either choose pizza number 1, 2, 3, or 4 (2, 3, and 4 changes daily) and if you want extra toppings it'll cost you X amount. It's a cash only establishment, by the way. It's our turn, there's one guy taking orders and one guy in the back prepping the pizzas. We put in our order and we're told that it'll take roughly and hour to make and to come back then. That's cool that they give you a time of when to return to pick up and eat your order, that way we don't have to just stand there. With the exception of the very first person in line, everyone else leaves to go elsewhere and intends to return at the time they're told. But there isn't much to do around there with only an hour or so to kill. It probably helps neighboring bars because it seems that everyone just drank to wait it out.

6:30P rolls around, we return to the pizzeria, and we wait another twenty minutes or so before being handed our pizza. There aren't any seats in the pizzeria, but there are two standing tables that you can eat at. But it seemed that majority of the people took the pizza to go. We ordered the Tomato, Whole Milk Mozzarella, Old Gold Aged Cheese, EVOO ($22). It's a really good pie, but would I consider it the BEST? Nah. I'd say that Brooklyn has better - i.e. Lucali's or Di Fara's. I read that Joe Beddia actually observed Dom DeMarco's (of Di Fara's) cooking technique to ensure consistency.

The pizza was good but I don't think it's worth the long wait. I didn't deem it to be anything too special. I also felt that the pricing was pretty high, but some may dispute that it could be due to the fresh ingredients. And although there's only one chef, I feel that pricing could go down if they just purchased more - and to make more pies instead of just 40 a day. Maybe i just don't understand what Joe Beddia was going for, but I feel that he is a young guy, and if Dom DeMarco can make more than 40 pies and be open for longer hours and more days, then Joe Beddia can too. If refrigeration or lack of ovens are an issue that's preventing that, those issues should have been resolved in the beginning of the business and it just seems like poor business planning.
Beware the hype!

I mainly say that because this place does have a mystique to it (and high reviews) that leads one to set a high bar for what to expect.

Unfortunately, we just didn't feel it was worth the effort and cost to end up with a pizza which was simply above-average. It was very appetizing, yes, but it did not meet our expectations. Maybe it's personal taste, but we actually would crave a good tomato pie more. 

The pie (bok choy rabe and cream) was extremely rich. I suppose we would have been better choosing a pie with a tomato base. The crust was perfectly crispy and held the toppings well, though I found it a tad overly salty. The size of the pie was pretty large, and more than the two of us could handle in one sitting. 

We enjoyed the fact that good reviews haven't gone to their heads because the guys were chill and chatted with us about our favorite Philly ethnic spots while they made our pie. 

I'm not sure we'll be back soon, but we're happy they can put such focus and discipline into doing what they love.
Got to plan and treat a visit to the place as a WHOLE leisurely experience.

Started to head to the pizzeria mid afternoon, Got there more than an hour before they open and queued up. There were several dozen people ahead of us in line. So we whittled the time away discussing other options if we didn't make the cut of First 40.

At 5:30 the line started moving and it moved rather quickly. In about 10 minutes we placed our order. Limit of 2 pies per party. But the important thing was we made it. Yeah!!! Ready/Pick up time was 9:20 which was 2 hours and 40 minutes away.

Drove to Elkins Park for a treat of Passion Fruit/Mango Shaved Ice at Paris Baguette. Totally refreshed, we went back to the pizzeria in time to watch our pizza coming out of the oven.

So we enjoyed our late dinner by eating the pizza standing.  But, frankly, "standing" was not something we focused on while we were there. We were very occupied by tasting and comparing the 2 pies we had.  The business owners were open, friendly, and helpful. They were very likable.  

We ate our fills and boxed the rest to take home. Got home way passed my bedtime. On the way home, my tummy was warm and happy. My young friend seemed eager to text home the experience to her family in China. She said she was impressed by their practice of ascertaining quality instead of quantity.  

We were both satisfied by the day's sojourn.
I would like to first inform all readers that I am an Italian American and my review is based on my experience as  a baker(I sold the business and it's still thriving after over 27 years), and a pizza lover.  Like the rest of the pizzeria  Beddia reviewers we all read the hype and just had to try it for ourselves.  It's with great regret that I have to give pizzeria Beddia such a low review, but with extreme qualifications. The pizza was so average that I went on a pizza quest to be fair honest and to have valid comparisons. If you are a real pizza aficionado you will understand and continue to read, if not,  it's almost certain you will go and throw at least $50 of your hard earned money and not to mention your valuable time at this Millennial social media creation.  I ate at the big 6 New York Pizza institutions, original Grimaldi, Lombardi, Johns of Bleecker street, Prince street Pizza, Joe's in the East Village, and Difara. Also at Frank Pepe in New Haven, and my local  Philadelphia favorite, Vincenzo's of Bensalem Pa. For anyone to give pizzeria Beddia more than two stars would be a gift and I would question their experience and knowledge of what real Neopolitan pizza is supposed to taste like. Pizzeria Beddia doesn't even come close to the Pizzerias I mentioned, PERIOD!
Came here for Valentines Day dinner and was very impressed! The place is kind of hard to find as it's in an alley but the pizza is amazing!! The service is all contactless which made it quick and easy and they still had servers coming around answering any questions.  The place has a local authentic feel to it.  We got the tomato pie to start and raved about it so much the waiter gave us a huge complimentary slice to go.  The onion pizza was our favorite because the onions were sweet and the the crust was cooked perfectly.  The sauce is very flavorful and more on the sweeter side.  The meat pizza we ordered had a ton of meat on it that was fully loaded.  The pizza is reasonably priced for being homemade.  If you're around the fish town area and craving pizza, this is the place to go!
If this wasn't touted as the best pizza in Philly, I'd give Beddia 4 stars. You can tell that the owner puts an insane amount of work into each pie, and the astronomical price reflects it, as does the wait. But I'm not really sure that the end result is all that great. 

In fact, I don't really vividly remember the two slices I had of the long-awaited pizza other than that I thought "eh, I guess that's pretty good." The sauce wasn't memorable, and I remember thinking the crust wasn't as good as Pizza Brain. The cheese didn't taste like plastic, but it wasn't anything special either.

Not sure the trade-off of no phone/no seating/$21 for a box of sauce drizzled dough and hand-strewn shredded cheese really adds up. You could compromise a bit and not really affect the end result AND have more than a novelty on your hands. I feel like Pizzeria Beddia is like the teenage son of Tacconellis moving his parents' unnecessary quirks to a trendier part of town. Either place, you show up and spend an hour watching them make pizza while starting to wonder why you didn't just grab a hoagie, and then when you finally get home and eat your now-tepid pie, you just feel a little underwhelmed.
Delicious! I had their summer corn pizza and it was divine. We picked it up to bring back home to eat, and I tried a bite in the car. Took all the willpower to not devour the whole pizza in the car! This is a thin crust pizza, and it really lets you appreciate all the flavor of the sauce, corn, cheese, pesto. YUM!
I have literally created an account right this minute to review this place.

I should start by advocating myself as a pizza authority.... well I am not. I have eaten quite a bit of pizza like everyone here; including the obligatory Da Michele-Napels, Grimaldi's-NYC, chicago deep dish and blah blah blah who cares.

The pizza at this place is at the top of the list for best pizza on the planet, and there is no question about that statement. There is one pizza maker, Joe, he makes every single pie himself, and it is exactly the same every single solitary time. He uses incredible ingredients he himself picked (I swear the olive oil on top is made of crack), and made pizza at credible places for years before opening this place. He loves making pizza, as evidence by telling him his pizza is amazing and watching him get giddy like a kid. 

Yes, you will wait. Yes, it takes one hour at least. If you want to your door quick pizza order from your local pizza bodega or Domingo's, its all convenient and edible. Name one place with top notch food in any category that you do not have to wait for. If you can not enjoy ordering a pie, heading to the bottle shop and picking up a beer or two to go with your pie, and then having a cocktail at Fette Sau or Johnny Brenda's to kill time, and then diving into one of the best pizzas the world has to offer, mind you in front of the guy who just made it while he asks you several times if everything is OK..... well then you have bigger problems.

I feel lucky to know about this place. The crew there has been known to store a bottle of hooch or two for regulars, known to make space at the cash register for people that want to eat there, and known for just being good folks. They have made more than one no frills Friday night for me and the GF memorable, and we are just regular folks who stumbled on this place using yelp. Get the cheese, go back two weeks later get the spicy pie, and keep coming back you will not regret it. Da Michele will always be at the top of my list, but this place is in a tie for number one. I wish I could give it more stars. Thanks Joe.
Had to try the famous pizza on a National Pizza Day!!!
Waited in the line for almost an hour to place the order. Got lucky to be in the last 5 pizzas for the day. Ordered by 6pm and got the pizza at 10pm.  In first 30 mins they were out of mushrooms. I tried Angry pizza with onions on it ($30 + tax). Very flavorful but really really spicy for my taste. I was sweating eating this pizza. I bartered a slice of it with folks next to us having Rainbow pizza and I totally loved it. Very rich in cheese and cream. 
The service is great, both the guys are really good and the pizza is made with so much attention to details that no wonder it took so long. Per pizza takes ~15-20 mins. 
While the pizzas are really authentic and flavorful, I am still debating if its worth that wait!!! I might come back again to get Rainbow pizza but not sure if would prefer waiting for 4 hrs to get the pizza!! Also I think its BYOB!!
Stop the fight. Stop the rankings. Stop what you're doing RIGHT NOW. BEDDIA is it. It's the best pizza in Philly. Hands down. Order a day in advance on their site and you'll have it no problem next day. Don't wait as their pies run out early. 

What we snagged:
-Plain with pepperoni. SO solid. The pepperoni is large and in charge with sweet/spicy flavor. The crust on this one was crunchy AF. 
-Angry Pie. Get it and you'll be the happiest camper this side of the Mississippi. The flavor profile on here is to die for. The peppers (with seeds) give it a LOT of heat. I'm pretty sure I was sweating through my hair, but it was well worth it's so damn good. 

Overall, 8.3/10. Solid pies and will 100% be headed back. Make your stop there early and often. Roughly 65$ for two pies. Heavy on the price, but heavy on the flavor in return.
I just want to relay an experience that I had here recently.

I was waiting for a pizza here, and was watching the guy in the back do his thing, making one pizza at a time (if you've ever watched him make pizza, he's very meticulous). He pulls a pizza out of the oven and starts to box it, until he looks at the pizza more carefully and says, "Oh, shit."

Turns out there was a little bit of oven dust on a slice. He calls over his lone compatriot, and they agree to remake the pizza. When the customers come to pick up, they both apologize and offer them both of the pizzas they made.

This just illustrates the amount of care, pride, and thoughtfulness they put into their business and their pizza.

Oh yeah, and the pizza I got was good too.
I tried the pizza a couple of months ago.  Had the standard pizza, but got it to go.  I wasn't overly impressed with the pie.  I will say that I think it was mainly due to taking it to go.  By the time I got around to eating it (approx. 10 min. drive to Broad Street), it seemed like just an average pizza.

The key is probably to eat it at the restaurant.  Although it has limited table space (and lack of seats), the pizza should come straight from oven right to stomach.  The added steam from  boxing doesn't help it at all.

The staff was extremely friendly.  Place takes a lot of pride in their pizza, however, it just wasn't stellar.  I would much rather go down the block to Pizza Brain.
A bit pricey, but delicious. Folks complain about the wait, the wonky hours, no phone, etc., but it's worth it. Really; just work with it... Here is what you do:

Go to Pizzeria Beddia. Order your pizza (the sausage was delicious). Pay. Go grab a beer (or two or three depending on the wait) at Murph's or Johnny Brenda's. Pick up your pizza. Eat it. Be happy! You just had a pizza and beer and that's the best combination ever. 

Seriously though, it was definitely one of the better pizzas I've had in Philadelphia. You can tell it was made with fresh ingredients and the recipe was perfected. While I can't regularly spare the time to order a pizza and wait around for it, it is worth it when I can set aside an hour or so. Try it out for yourself and I'm sure you will be sold.
The pizza here is nothing special. While decent for the style, I thought it had several deficiencies: too much cheese, one dimensional sauce, insufficient charring, crackers crust, standard quality olive oil, and merely good pepperoni. I have nothing bad to say about any of the items individually (excepting, perhaps, the sauce) but the pizza itself was good. Was it worth it to drive here from NYC after work? Probably not. Would it be worth it if you were in the neighborhood? Probably.

Would probably not repeat.
Pizza has many components to it which all have to align in order to be perfect. Are they all aligned at pizzeria Beddia?? No.

We got 2 pies - the pizza arrabbiatta and a mushroom/sausage split. The arrabbiatta was spicy yet not overpowering.  The flavor itself was amazing. The sausage and mushrooms both tasted very fresh, and the cheese/sauce ratio was great.  My one gripe about this place is the crust.  I generally like my crust a little chewier (think nomad pizza) with a little char on top.  These pies has the char, but I'm afraid the pizza was too cooked. The crispy crust is NOT what I was expecting. Didn't ruin the experience, but it has me classifying the pizza as only ok.

This place is also not cheap either.  You're looking at $20+ per pie, and the wait is long. We had to wait an hour for our pizzas. And since it's about the size of a Chinese takeout place, there is only 2 rectangular tables in the whole place.  It's not a takeout but the size of a takeout place. And they don't serve slices.

I would go back with a. Group, but since this place can't accommodate much people, that's never gonna happen. I wouldn't do takeout here because the wait can be long. And to be honest - it's a little steep in price for a takeout pizza. 

Service is really nice though.  In the future, you should call Beddia and place your pie order first so it can be ready upon arrival.
I am so excited Pizzeria Beddia has finally opened up for takeout orders. And I wish they would continue to do this even after the pandemic is over.
 
I love all their pizzas but reservations for this place are impossible for normal dinner hours, and I am not a fan of walking in and waiting 45-90 minutes for a table to free up. 

Currently, they are taking pre-orders for pickup 7 days a week. You can call anytime from 10am to 5pm to place your order, and pick up the orders between the hours of 3-8pm. I would advise to plan ahead because if you're ordering pizza for the day of, especially on a weekend, they could be sold out for the day.
I'm a pizza junkie, and this place is basically my new crack. 

The pizza, the space, BYO, and Joe.  Yes. Everything yes. 

You may wait a while and it's a little pricey, but I promise it's all worth it.
Yes, yes, and yes.  I lucked out on my last visit; I was the first one in on a Saturday night and only had a 20 minute wait for two pizzas.  I ordered a plain with basil with roasted chiles on 1/2 and the white option with sausage and kale.

Having only a 20 minute wait, I decided to stick around and watch Joe at work.  Watching him make each pizza (slowly, with love) reminded me of Dom from DiFara's in Brooklyn.  I was taking my pies to go, but when one came out of the oven before the other, Joe suggested I eat a slice right away.  Couldn't argue with that!  It's just great pizza, plain and simple.  The crust is amazing.  The toppings are high quality.

Yes, it's a pain in the ass.  Yes, it's expensive.  Yes, it's worth all of that!  Yes, yes, and yes.
I finally made it to Pizzeria Beddia and was sadly disappointed. First of all, the service left a lot to be desired. My husband and I walked in and informed the hostess we had a reservation for 2 people, and she seriously said "is your whole party here?" (It was a reservation for 2 and we were both standing right there... very odd). She then proceeds to walk us to a GIANT booth meant for parties of 8. Definitely weird considering it was just the 2 of us, but we were happy. A few minutes later, someone comes over to tell us there had been a mistake and the hostess sat us at the wrong table. She then shows us to our actual table, and it's right in the middle of a communal table (side note: why do restaurants even have communal tables? Literally no one wants to sit there). Now I'm sorry, but we had a reservation -- it's one thing if we were a walk-in and you want us to sit there. Fine. But I literally tried so many weekends to get in here and finally did, so don't sit me at the communal table. Plus, you really set my expectations high when you first sat us at a booth, so. Anyway, I then asked to be moved and they did, which I appreciated.

We finally ordered 2 slices of tomato pie and a pepperoni pizza. Only 1 slice of tomato pie came out, and it was so busy that by the time I could flag the server down, our pizza was ready. And that's where the disappointment really came in... I'm sorry, but I don't get what the hype is with this pizza. The crust was burnt, and the whole pizza was kind of stiff. It didn't taste terrible, but it wasn't particularly memorable in a good way either.

Glad I was finally able to get this place, but I'm really disappointed. It was a little pretentious and just left a lot to be desired.
This is probably the best pizza you're going to find in Philly.  The crust is nice and crispy, peppers are the right amount of spicy, cheese is ooey gooey, and sauce is just right.   The line started forming at 4pm on a Saturday (they open at 5:30) which is a real PIA, but I guess that happens when great pizza is involved.  

I think if you're one of the first 7-10 people on line you'll get a reasonable pickup time. We were #4 and hubbie went to pick up our pies at 5:45pm and he overheard people ordering at that time being asked to come back to pick up after 9pm!
I love pizza, and I expect pizza to be delicious...the right balance of sauce and cheese, a tasty crust, cooked just right.  For years I have been eating Bertucci's because I couldn't find anything consistent.  However, for the past couple of months I've been wanting something a bit more authentic so I've searching for the best pizza in Philadelphia.  I had found the best in New York but since l'm no longer in New York weekly, I need a solid pie in Philadelphia.

On any given Friday I'm Googling, Yelping, texting friends to figure out where I'm going for pizza...I've hit some decent places and have even returned to a few (Santucci's, Gennaro's, & Angelino's), but none have knocked my socks off.  During my search I came across the bon appetit article but I refused to accept it.  My chiropractor said the pizza at Beddia was fantastic as did a colleague.  

I didn't like the gimmick of 40 pies per night, no phone orders, etc.  I imagined this to be yet another gentrification initiative and was not interested in some urban hipster's interpretation of pizza.  I couldn't imagine myself lined up outside for pizza like it was concert tickets. 

Last night we were in Old City and had an hour to kill.  I looked at the time and thought now was as good a time as ever to give Beddia's a try.  I told my husband he could drop me off and come back for me.  Traffic was terrible, by the time we got there it was 5:15, I was number 30 in line so I figured I was good to go.  By the time I got inside the store the pickup time was 8:30, a couple people left, saying it was too long to wait...I figured I was already committed and it smelled delicious.  I ordered my pizza at 6:00 and was told it would be ready at 9:15.  

We thought we might go see a movie in the interim but the timing wasn't working so we went home (to West Philadelphia) and came back.  By the time we got back to pick up the pizza, I was tired and a little aggravated with the process.  $21 and 4 hours later I was getting pizza.  I figured this would be my last time here.

When I returned I realized these guys weren't arrogant and the guy behind the counter was actually nice. The finishing of the pizza seemed a bit dramatic (he sliced the pizza, washed his hands, shaved fresh cheese, and drizzled olive oil from a copper cruet). I took the pizza to the car, opened the box and the pie wasn't completely round...I was glad because this meant I wouldn't be back.  

My daughter and I each had a slice (we started this tradition during the quest)...and unfortunately this was literally the best pizza I had ever tasted.  The drama of the finishing brought the pizza to perfection.  Everything was balanced...the sauce was just right...my daughter suddenly panicked thinking that our pizza quest was over and I was pissed because I this meant I would have to trek to Fishtown for pizza.

We drove to Whole Foods for a Virgil's and I had another slice...it had cooled down significantly and the crust had gotten a little chewy, but it was still delicious.  I had yet another slice at home when my husband heated his 2 slices up...by now the crust was chewy but still tasty.  I had the final slice this morning...and am devastated that I didn't buy 2 pies.  

This is truly a 5 star pie but I shaved a star off for the process and the fact that my pie wasn't round.  I have found the best pizza in Philadelphia but this certainly can't be a go-to spot...this a treat...Capofitto & Vetri are the last two on my list and I'm hoping that I can finally have a go-to...but I imagine myself making the pilgrimage to Fishtown on a monthly basis.
There is only so much you can say about pizza. Either you get it or you don't.  If you just want something to munch on or fill yourself up, go anywhere. If you want to experience something unique, fresh, high quality, and authentic to the true pizzeria traditions, go here.  Mr. Beddia has gone to painstaking ends to research, train, and develop a perfect pizza. You won't find a ton of pizza tricks here.  No truffle oil, no crazy tastes or 25 cheeses.  Just very high quality ingredients and a methodical, careful preparation.  

Yes there are some quirks (no phone, 20min wait), long waits on the weekends), but that's what makes this place unique.  It's very simple you crazy hipsters.  Stop being sheep and just go early or go late, or just walk in and place a pre-order then grab a beer nearby.  Why join the masses and confine yourself to eating at 7pm on a Friday night?  It tastes just as good at 5:30 or 8:30 or on a wed.  Plus then you can enjoy it at one of the two standing tables, instead of taking it home.  Fresh is best!

We tried all three:
#1- Basic pizza- probably one of the best you've ever had
#2- sweet ricttoa with kale and arugala- my wife loved this one best and ate 4 slices of pizza for the first time in her life.
#3- super spicy arrabiata- just like #1, but spicy.  

You can't go wrong. Go here. Experience it.
My mask blew out of my pocket on the way over. I was told I had to pay a $1 for a mask from them. After spending $170 ($140 before tip) for my wife 4 year old and I to eat dinner, they took my twenty dollar bill and gave me the change for the dollar mask. Seems pretty cheap and desperate to me.  Are they that hurtin for a buck?  I can believe it, based on the cheap napkins.  Maybe I'm old fashioned but don't serve me a $30 pizza with a 4 cent napkin.  
Please spring for the 8 cent ones.

Pretty lame if you ask me.
I've wanted to go to Pizzeria Beddia years ago, but didn't want to deal with the whole line issues with my wife.  Wasn't going to work, so I was super excited that this sit down restaurant with reservations was finally open.  

So everything, including joe Beddia says that this place is over-hyped now and has been.  Maybe it is, maybe it isn't.  Just looking at the pie, it's thoughtfully put together.  For half a second, I thought it would be the perfect pie to share, since there wasn't one slice that had so much more to offer than another...  I was still wrong, because my wife did decide to eye up what she considered the best slices...  The mushroom we had was evenly spread across the pie with roasted onions.  I might have to say that these were some of the best pizza toppings I've ever had on a pizza.  Fresh ingredients treated well.  This pizza had me question why we get toppings.  These toppings complemented the pizza, but at other places am I just getting toppings to enhance a more subpar pizza?  

The entire pie was baked just right for the type of pie you're ordering.   I myself, prefer a thicker dough and crust, but this didn't disappoint me.  It's done right and it made me want to eat at a pizzeria again.  I can't even think of the last time I actually wanted to eat my pizza at the location it was cooked.  If you just want bagged mozzarella and canned sauce, then this place isn't for you.  Don't come here and complain about the money.   It wasn't my favorite pizza ever, but I'd still come back.  Hoping that different seasons would bring different ingredients.

The weirdest thing was that when we were ready to go, our leftovers were placed in aluminum foil.  Seemed a bit odd, but was entertaining to watch other tables try to take home a large amount of pizza in that and how to place it in there in their own.
3 Stars, A-OK, that sums it up pretty well. The pizza is without a doubt delicious, and probably deserves 5 stars, but this is a review of the entire experience. Best pizza in Philadelphia? Maybe, but debatable. I would advise that it's not worth breaking your back over, so if the stars align and you get the opportunity to snag one of these pies then definitely go for it. But don't book a hotel and a train ticket just for this particular Za. 

I get the impression that most of these reviewers read the Bon Appetite article and are simply rehashing that message. It's a good article, so you might want to check that out. 

At the end of the day you really can't fault the guys for running their restaurant their way, and whether their intentions were to create a marketing buzz or simply create great pizza, they've succeeded. However I think it's the marketing buzz that's driving that long line out front. There are plenty of other quality pizza shops in the region and most of them have a phone, deliver, and are always willing to sell you a pizza.
So yeah, the pizza is pretty much flawless. But at the same time, the business practices are a terrible gimmick. The beauty of pizza is that it's something that's relatively on-demand, a fairly simple food that's easy to make and difficult to master. The law of diminishing returns kicks in, why wait hours in person for an A+ pizza when an A- pizza can be delivered in far less time, or an A pizza can be enjoyed in a sit-down meal. Admittedly, the other East Girard pizzeria's range from mediocre to terrible, but even Tacconelli's with their absurd dough reservations is more convenient. So if waiting hours for a pizza at a place that's only actually open for orders for about 90 minutes a week sounds fun, go for it. But if you have a low tolerance for bullshit, it's still just pizza.
Best Pizza in America? Maybe, but definitely spiciest! The arrabiatta is SPICY, if you're a fan of very spicy definitely get the angry pizza.

The pizza here is spectacular; dough and ingredients at its finest BUT i am not the biggest fan of the experience. 

The best way to experience pizza is to have it hot and fresh out the oven while sitting down with some friends with good wine. But this place doesn't have seating to enjoy the pizza in its prime form which kinda stinks. Yes, you can stand but do you really want to experience this pizza after waiting in line for an hour while standing? All 3 times I've had this pizza it's been reheated in the oven in the comfort of my own home. Still amazing but probably not as good as it was right out of the oven. I know Beddia is probably not renewing his lease but I hope the if he does open a restaurant with some friends, we can enjoy his pizzas while sitting down with a nice glass of red.
The hype around this place makes it really difficult to rate, as I've been anticipating trying the "best pizza in the country" for years. I am a self proclaimed pizza snob originally from the pizza capital of the world, so my standards might be higher than most.

We walked in a few minutes before our 7:30pm reservation on a Wednesday evening. We were asked to wait outside until our table opened up. Though it was only about 10/15 minutes, I really dislike when places do this. Please don't seat walk-ins at tables if you're not going to be able to honor reservations you already have.

We were seated at what I thought was the best spot in the house - one of the booths against the kitchen window where you could watch the chefs bring each pizza down the line. We decided on two pizzas: the standard pie with pepperoni and the special - white sauce with corn, cherry tomatoes, cheese, and a basil vinaigrette.

The special came out first. The basil vinaigrette had a little kick, which was a welcome flavor. I love cooked cherry tomatoes and theirs were perfectly popped in the oven. I was disappointed that you really couldn't taste the corn, as it's one of my favorite summer flavors and in my opinion really the whole point of getting a corn pie. Next was the pepperoni. I think this was my favorite of the two, though I wouldn't recommend it if you don't like a little grease. Between four people, we could've definitely eaten three pies, as they're pretty thin and ~16 inch rounds. 

I ended the meal with an espresso soft serve, which was extremely creamy and filled with coffee flavor. I think it was my favorite part of the meal.

Overall, the pizza is good. Is it the best pizza in Fishtown? Probably. Is it the best pizza in the country? Probably not. Is it worth the 1.5 month wait for a dinnertime reservation and $30/pie price tag? Maybe once, but definitely not twice.

I'm not saying don't go, you should try it and make your own judgement - I feel like Beddia is one of those places you need to try to say you did. I will also say that it was pretty cool to see Joe walking around like just another guy. While he's considered a local celeb to some, he clearly doesn't let that go to his head and still cares about the quality of food that bears his name.
I am not an elite member or a regular contributor. I like to give honest and genuine reviews so that businesses can do what's right for the customers. 
With that said... like most people, I couldn't ignore the hype and had to try this place. Me and my buddy made a reservation so we didn't have to wait. Usual wait time I heard was around 90 mins. Once we were seated, a waiter with glasses showed up with menus. We ordered 2 pies and a coke ($5). 
I am okay with high end pricing if the whole experience is worth it, and I am not a very difficult person to please. 
Although, our waiter was hard to be found during our dining, everything else was okay. We enjoyed our pizza, but when we asked for boxes everything went down hill for me.
I asked for 2 boxes (one per person), we had 4 slices left per person. Waiter looked at us mumbled something like "I'll bring..." , couldn't hear the rest due to the background noise. I just nodded thinking he will bring something that makes sense if not boxes... 
When he returned, he handed over 4 sheets of ALUMINUM FOIL.. like WTF?!? I asked him again, can we just get boxes and he says "we can only give boxes if the left overs are close to a whole pie"... what? I'm thinking what kind of establishment is this? Charging an arm and a leg for a decent pizza (not to mention a $5 soda) aaaannnnddd they can't give a box per person??? Because each person 'only has 4 slices???'

I calm myself and asked him again that we needed boxes he looked at us and goes to the back. At this point I had already asked him 3 times. Thinking he was going to bring us the boxes, he ignored us again!

I was pretty upset... I told him "I don't think we can put these slices in these ALUMINUM FOILS... I'll pay for the boxes, could you please bring us the boxes?"
He went away without answering and brings us two boxes finally. 

Our total bill was around $80 for 2 pies with a small bottle of coke.... I don't remember if they charged for the boxes but damn... Me and my friend were laughing on the way back home talking about how can you be so stingy about a freaking box... 
That box incident alone just ruined my appetite and left a bad after taste for Pizzeria Beddia for me. Never again for $80 and a poooooor service with illogical customer service behavior.
Final verdict: yes, the pizza is really good--it will be one of the best pizzas you've ever had. Is it worth it? Not right now. Due to recent hype and impeding closure of current location, I do NOT recommend going right now. People that want to make the trip must either 1) REALLY love pizza and 2) have at least 3-7 hours to spare. Otherwise, I would recommend waiting until it reopens. 


While the pizza was a 5/5, the service was a 2/5. I wish pizzeria beddia cared about its customers as much as it cared about its pizza. Hopefully they make major changes to how they manage the line, cause right now I think it's insane that people can line up for hours on end and not get pizza. There's got to be something (ie. physical tickets, taking pre-orders in the line) that allows people to know ahead of time whether or not they will get pizza. Otherwise it's possible that you can wait in a blizzard for 2-3 hours with nothing to show for it (which is what happened a couple of Wednesdays ago). 

Key to actually getting a pizza:
- timing: get there before 3:00pm. I got there at 3:00 pm on a Wednesday and was approximately #20 in line. 
- self-policing the line: oftentimes people will have their friends join, effectively cutting the line and decreasing the chances of you getting a pizza (every person can order up to two pizzas). Don't be afraid of gently reminding those people that it's unfair to others who have been waiting. Chances are, the other people in line will be eternally grateful. 


Other tips: 
- if you want to eat the pizza right away (since there is limited seating in the restaurant), would recommend going to the bar Garage 1 block over. You can enjoy piping hot pizzas right away--just be sure to order some drinks as well! 
- leftovers should be reheated in the oven--it definitely loses its special crust in the microwave 
- cash only!

My pizza recs: the arriabata pizza was my favorite, but it's pretty spicy.
I hate to be that guy. 

We were stoked to go, but left surprisingly disappointed. Let me explain.
 
Service was great, wine was great, but the food came out and that's where things got interesting. Started with the broccoli rabe Caesar - salty AF. The rabe was super salty and pretty much took everything over there so we weren't able to enjoy it.
 
The pizza was the fatal flaw. It looked great, but lacked the cheese of the old days' pie (#1 on the current menu). Like I'm talking super skimpy. We also got the #2 (white pizza) and were underwhelmed at the crust (which was definitely different), as well as the grease that soaked the bottom of the pizza.
 
My final observation - which is a big one - is the bottom of the pizza crust. It appears it was cooked on an aluminum pizza screen...WHAT THE HELL IS THAT?! $20+ for a pie and it was like I was getting college slices. 

The bill totaled $135 for an app, two pizzas and two wines. I cant say it was worth it.
7 stars. 5 stars for incredible pizza PLUS one extra star for making us burn calories and work up an appetite by walking and placing an order ( instead of instant gratification- delivery) PLUS one extra extra star for making a pizza worthy of a spice queen (arribbiata is SPICY! this is coming from a girl who pours sriracha, Tabasco, habenero sauce, etc on EVERYTHING. Eggs, soup, pizza, literally everything). Beddia, your crust is SO good I refuse to give any to my puppy ( who always gets rustica, trios, and pizza brain crust... And don't get me wrong, those pizza shops are awesome but beddia is on a level of its own.) also, major props to beddia for stating a pizza feeds 2... No shame in eating 4 slices. Thank you, beddia. Thank you.
The Hoagie Room is an "only in Philly" experience that lives up to the hype. What a fun, delicious evening with friends! Going forward, this will be the special night out for the out-of-town guests we really, really like. 

We were escorted to a tiny room with stools for 6 around a table, with a counter where our host prepared our food and drinks. We felt very special, with our own room and a person dedicated to taking us through a long, delicious meal.

We started with some delicious salads (roasted veggies and a caesar type), tomato pie, sardines, and gigante beans. Every bite was delicous. They sent us home with extra tomato pie, which made for an amazing breakfast the next day, heated in the oven a bit.

The hoagies were great. The bread is good. The veggie sandwich was so flavorful, with roasted portobellos and broccoli rabe. Definitely my favorite of the bunch. The tuna hoagie was NOT a Wawa tuna hoagie. It was elevated, with great fish and castelvetrano olives and other delicious ingredients. The Italian-hoagie style sandwich was, once again, an elevated version of the classic, with high-end ingredients.

And the pizza. Oh, the pizza. It definitely lived up to the hype. The tomato sauce was so fresh and acidic and, well, tomato-y. We got a cheese pizza, an angry pizza, and a spring pizza. The crust is thin but holds up to the toppings. It really must be tasted to be fully appreciated. 

We had a cocktail to start and shared a couple of bottles of wine, including the Beddia wine, because why would we NOT order wine that the owner made?

The evening finished with delicious soft serve. I loved the espresso soft serve. Friends got the sweet cream, and some got theirs with amaro. 

We went home with pizza, tomato pie, some sandwiches pieces, and bread leftovers to enjoy over the next few days.
man, this review is tough... after the much anticipated opening, the crazy accolades across every food publication, I wanted to be blown away but is it even possible after having such high expectations? 

is the pizza really good? yea
is the pizza the best in the country, or even the city? no
is it crazy expensive? kind of
is this place worth the hype? debatable (my opinion is still TBD)
am i being a harsh critic because of the hype? possibly...

maybe we should do some pros and cons...
CONS
1. Parking or lack-thereof... definitely uber. i'm not saying Beddia opened to be a 'destination' restaurant, but the reviews have made them one and that's though when there are few parking options. Even on a Tuesday at 5pm we had to search a little.

2. Price. this is no cheap chicken @ $22-28/pie + $$ for extra toppings. The 'appetizers'/shareables are not offensive but the pies... well, that can be a tough pill to swallow depending on how much you are willing to spend.

3. Menu... is very, very small. shockingly small. I think another reviewer mentioned there were 9 items not including dessert. I can say with certainty there are 4 pies + their special of the day and one is just plain cheese (+ $ for toppings). I get that this place grew from a teeny, tiny shop but I left kind of wanting more... more options. also note, none of the pies come with meat... it can only be added, for extra $, of course!

PROS
1. Food... IS good but the question at hand is whether it's THAT good. There were 4 in my party and we ordered the chorizo (tasty but a little confused as to why you would just order a plate of sliced chorizo on it's own), the red cat cheese (also tasty. we ate a lot of it with the chorizo which was an OK pairing), and a slice of tomato pie (delicious). For pies, we were told we couldn't do half&half due to the nature of the way certain toppings cook (ok fine) so we opted for the #1 (cheese) with pepperoni and #2 (white). Not sure how often they change their white pizza but the one we had was, quite unexpectedly, superior to the pepperoni and included mozz, spinach & calabrian chilies plus the crust was far crispier and less greasy than the pep. One caveat on the food: why is everything so oily?! I felt like I was going to break out around my mouth after all the oil on everything.... yuck.

2. Drinks... extensive drink menu. Our server sold me on their sparking rosato so I only glanced but did notice it was a lengthy wine list. There were some beers and cocktails also. My husband had their old fashioned which he said was heavy on the vermouth but I can't comment. Heard a great rumor that they are only marking up their wines about 1.5x retail which is awesome! I think a lot of people would rather spend $ on food than drink so this makes sense... and maybe makes the $25 pizza bearable???? maybe??????

3. Service... was fine. No, it wasn't AMAZING but also, remember, this is pizza we're talking about, not white table cloths. Our server was attentive and thorough in her explanations of everything, very knowledgeable. She was happy to answer our questions and patient with us when we were undecided on what to order.  

Overall... honestly... I think you have to go to form your own opinion. There are going to be mixed review from LOVE to HATE and I'm somewhere in between. The food is, undoubtedly, very good but I don't see myself seeking out Beddia in the future- it's certainly fun for a random night with friends if you happen upon it but it is not a place worth the time it takes to stalk resy for a reservation. I'll save that effort for Royal Sushi.
When in town to my visit my fellow Ninja Turtle, we always seek out the best  pizza options. Our friends had unsuccessfully tried to score us a dinner reservation here but they were booked besides 5 pm and 10 pm. A longer than expected extend nap lead us there for a late walk-in dinner. 

The hostess informed us a table was still out of the question but we could dine at the bar. The wine list did not have the usuals but we all tried something else. My montepulciano seemed super duper lIght bodied, her Barbera was spicy in a off putting cinnamon way and his fruit forward crispy white wasn't particularly either of those things. Glasses of  wine were in the $11-12 range while bottles started around $60. 

The pizza -- limited recipes for dine in only means you know it's premium. Pro tip -- never carry out your pizza. You need it straight from that wood fired oven. We got a pepperoni and pepperoni plus Serrano pepper. Both were piled with the perfect amount of sauce, mozzarella and toppings witty chewy crust. A top ten pizza for sure. The service was fine. Not overly attentive  or friendly. 

The total bill was around $100. A bit steep. But I'd definitely return.
Finallly!  A place within walking distance of my home that makes me even happier that we moved to Fishtown twenty-eight years ago.  Joe Beddia is, quite simply, a blessing on Girard Ave.  We've had only one of his ricly succulnt pies, but it was a pretty good indication of things to come.  Not since I walked into a tiny Mom and Pop store in Bari, Italy, back in 1957 and had a small single serve pie have I tasted anything as rich and flavorfull.  It's good to know that there is someone who is seriously devoted to the artistry of making pizza.  Mr. Beddia's future is solidly set in a combinaton of perfect dough and flawless toppings.
In short:  GO HERE NOW.

I want to eat here every day.  I can't believe this place just opened up down the street from my house.  The pizza is so thin and crispy, while still somehow remaining chewy.  The ingredients are all SO FRESH and top quality.  Fishtown needed this type of pizza.  All of the pizza around here is horrible (except Pizza Brain, which is a step below Beddia), so I really expect this place to do very well.

We met the owner, Joe, who was incredibly nice and let us sample some pickled peppers with our pizza - again, so fresh and tasty.  I'll be ordering those on my pizza next visit.  It's very small inside, but still comfortable.  No seating (at the time of writing this), but there were two oversized tables that you can stand and eat at with a group.  It was super clean inside.  A huge thank you to Dean, who bought our pizza because we could accurately name/pronounce the Toronto hockey team (LEAFS) haha.  You all better hope you are in there next time I am - I'm hooking someone up with a free pizza!
Everyone has their favorite type of Pizza. Whether it be thick vs. thin crust, heavy sauce vs. heavy cheese, thick roni cups vs. thin/wide pepperoni.  For me, Beddia makes the perfect pizza. Thin crust, a smidge more saucy, and just the right amount of cheese. We go back and forth between the type of pizza we like to order but our favorite is the Arrabiata. The first time I had it, it was VERY spicy. The next few times it was varying degrees of spiciness but definitely milder. One of the waiters recommended adding pepperoni to the Arrabiata and we haven't looked back since. 

Pies are quick to come out so you'll probably be here no more than an hour unless you're really taking your time eating. Also, listen to your waiter when they tell you to wait a few minutes to eat the pizza because it needs to set. They have some really great rotating seasonal specials that are typically white pies.

Don't pass up on the roasted veggie caesar.  It's unlike any caesar you'll ever have and so damn addicting!  The also have a nice selection of natural wines which I've loved every one them. 

If you've never been here, just look for the neon peace sign down the alley and the entrance is right underneath. I know it looks sketch but you'll be more than okay!
Holy fuck!   Definitely the best pizza in Philadelphia, and probably the best I've ever had.  

The 'cream' pizza with kale is a revelation.   I've never had anything quite like it.  

The 'red' pizza is flawless - perfect textures and delicious sauce.   The offered toppings are creative and fresh.   

I am now fully convinced that Joe Beddia is the Jesus Christ of pizza.
This place located in Fishtown looks unassuming from the outside but has a super cute and woody/natural look inside. I ordered the #5 pizza -- which apparently is their seasonal pizza. The lemon and parsley on this pizza was an amazing combination and made for an entirely new pizza experience. The roasted onions on the #5 pizza really sealed the deal. 

Also ordered the tomato pie (had a great crispy texture) and the espresso soft serve (had beautiful texture and deep rich flavor to it). I would come here again, highly recommend!
Everything is on the pricier side, but you absolutely get what you pay for. I'd be happy to come back time and time again, but if I lived in the area I wouldn't be here terribly often. 

What a fun place to eat. Just as much thought was put into the interior as the food & wine. Speaking of wine, the wine choices are AMAZING. 

Anchovies were wonderful. Kale salad is a must. Arrabbiata pie was indeed very spicy (the sauce itself is spicy and the pie is loaded with peppers). Almost borderline too spicy, but not quite. It was excellent. 

Soft serve is diiiiiivine. (Especially after spicy pizza.) Even if you didn't save room for dessert, get it anyway.  

A large portion of the seating here is long-table family-style. 

Huge congrats to the pizzeria Beddia team for killing it in a larger space!!
I really don't understand what the hype is about this place. It's supposedly one of the best pizza places in the nation. So I decided to stop by here for date night with my boyfriend. I was so disappointed and wished I walked further down the street to go to Suraya instead...

The location is in an alleyway on Lee Street. There's a neon sign that has a peace sign above the entrance but doesn't have the name of the place. When you walk in, it's a cool vibe with outdoor seating and fairy lights. Inside, it's a cozy place with bar seating or booths. 

The wine list is quite extensive with each glass ranging from $11 to $15 a glass which seemed a little pricey. The pizza was $22 plus an extra $2 per topping. We picked the pepperoni and mushroom pizza. It wasn't bad but it wasn't knock my socks off out of the world. It was just an expensive subpar pizza. It was thin crust, not too doughy. But it was a little oily and felt like the toppings were sliding off. The only good thing was the cheese was good. 

A pass for me. Save yourself the money and time and go to Suraya instead for good food and romantic ambiance.
Others have said it, I am going to say it too...  This is simply the best pizza I have ever had in my life. This pizza is so good that when I wake up the next day I start thinking about it and my mouth starts to water all over again.

I'm a huge glutton and I can eat the typical large "normal" american pizza all by myself.  But, when you are eating this pizza each bit is so tasty, so full of textures--hot tomato sauce, chewy fresh mozzarella, hot pickled peppers, amazing crust--that by the end of the second piece you are satisfied and--if you want to be--pleasantly full.

You know how when you watch some food porn TV show and they are in Tokyo  they invariably hit all these small food places where some old Japanese dude is in there 24/7 and all he does is make one special food item?  That's what is going on here except it's a younger American guy and all he does is make incredible pizzas.

BYOB, not a lot of room, but plenty if you want to eat it hot and fresh from the oven.  I have no idea what this stuff tastes like the next day, because there is no way in hell you are ever gonna have any leftovers. I suggest you start with a plain pie, just to get the feel for it.  Then go with sausage and pickled peppers or the salame with roasted onions.

Been there three times already and I could definitely eat it 1-2x per week for the rest of my days.

SO GOOD!
Waited way too long and paid way too much for regular ass pizza.
Owner is a douche and a half.
Just don't do it.
Overhyped. 

Came here on a Wednesday night after having a reservation for over a month. Best pizza in America? Not even sure if it's the best pizza in Philly.

Got the roasted veggies and the daily special pizza (mozzarella with garlic) with arugula and sausage. 

Roasted veggies: purple potatoes, beets, Brussel sprouts, and radicchio. I was expecting warm veggies, but cold was just fine. A little too heavy on the Caesar dressing, which made the overall taste too acidic. Overall I'd give this dish a 4/5. 

Pizza: good but not great. The crust was very burnt (see photo), and I was parched afterwards. Holy salt. The olive oil "drizzle" on top of the pizza was a nice touch, but it was more of a downpour than a drizzle. The arugula to pizza ratio was also too high, especially because the arugula soaks up the oil.

Two non-food notes (and now I'm kind of wondering if I should've given it 2 stars):

The service was not great. We tried to get the attention of our server a few times after we were done eating but failed twice. We then put the credit card on the table and finally got her attention to get our check. She said sure, and then came by with a tin foil for me to wrap up leftovers but didn't give us the check. Then we flagged her down again and finally got the check. Except then she never picked it up from our table. We waited and waited. And in the end, it was someone else who finally took the card.

The tables in the dining room were super smushed together, so we felt like we were sitting at one long table with other people. In fact, our table neighbors started a conversation with us and told us about their dishes. This was fine and dandy except for when we had to get up and leave or use the bathroom because we had to literally push the tables away to get out of our seats. You're charging $20-30 per pizza--you can afford to make better use of your dining space. I feel less claustrophobic in $2/slice hole-in-the-wall joints.
Not worth the hype. My friends and I waited in line for an hour and a half so that we would be the first ones to order and would have somewhere to sit (since the restaurant only has stand-up table "seating" to accommodate the first two groups in the door). It was January, so we froze. By the time we were served the pizza it had to be out of this world to cancel out how cold we all were, but it wasn't. The pizza was certainly better than your standard $2.25 per slice place, but it wasn't better than other artisanal pizza places and definitely isn't the best in America.
If you want to be served by entitled millennials this is your place! The servers incredibly disrespectful . I arrived at 10:50 pm and the restaurant was pretty busy. As I entered through the door there were three servers. One of the servers rolled her eyes as soon as I entered, and the other told me they stopped serving food-- when the restaurant was clearly open and people were being served. I did not appreciate having eyes rolled at me. If they don't want to serve patrons after a certain time, they should clearly delineate this information. I happily  went to another restaurant down the street, that also closed at 11pm, and was happily served without any unsolicited eye rolls.
I've been going to Pizzeria Beddia for several years and a local Fishtown resident. I love the pizza and was excited for their new opening- even booking reservations for the opening night and several times after! I went for dinner with a few friends last night and asked to sit on the patio since there was an open table. I also had my service dog with me. The manager informed us they do not allow dogs. I asked if they allowed service dogs. My dog (very small) was wearing her service vest. The manager then asked me if I had paperwork to prove she was a support dog (which I do and an identification badge so I kindly showed her). I thought this was a little much... but fine. They seated us and then proceeded to talk about us and the dog with several other staff members in an earshot distance of our table. Again, not very professional and made me uncomfortable of having my support dog there. The manager then also came up to our table and said the dog could not touch any of the dining ware (the cup) because people use them. Okay- we know, but don't you wash the cups? Again- fine. I made sure she did not touch anything. After all of this and feeling awkward our whole time- we order food and the appetizer salad comes out with a HUGE piece of hair in it! I am not one to send back food but my friend did notify our waitress and was super apologetic about sending it back. The waitress asked if she wanted a new salad. Again, my friend was embarrassed and apologetic saying oh no it's fine! And the waitress rudely says "soooo is that a yes or a no". We could not believe how rude she was!!!! She ends up bringing out another salad. The pizza was great of course. At the end of our awkward meal that I was watched during and starred at by management they still charged her for the salad!!! I was so disappointed in this experience. I love supporting local Fishtown businesses as a resident for 5 years but this is not a local experience. It felt super snobby and high class like it was a 5star NYC restaurant rather than a pizza place with barbed wire fencing in a back alley in Kensington. Fishtown is a local place and they should support their residents and their service dogs!
WORTH.THE.HYPE.

We have had Beddia on our restaurant list since they were situated back on the corner spot on Girard, and I have read so many reviews about slight differences & changes since they grew the operations, but I am hear to tell you that Pizzeria Beddia should be considered to have one of the best (if not the best) pizzas in the city. 

First off - such a cool spot. It is practically hidden in Fishtown, but with it being set apart from the main drag of frankford & girard, it has it's own tranquil element to it. We sat outside, and loved their set up there. Nice overhang, plenty of heaters, really clean and simple aesthetic. It provided all the fresh air of sitting outside, but the warmth & comfort of eating indoors. 

We started with some apps:
The Judion Beans are fire - served in a bowl of sweet olive oil and pumped with lemon zest - really great way to start the night. 

The Biellese Chorizo was an awesome meat appetizer to get. Cut super thin, it would compliment any other order you get. **Pro Tip** - if you like pepperoni pizza, add this on one of your pies. It was like an elevated version of a pepperoni pie. 

The Roasted Vegetables with Cesar plate blew us all away. Great use of different veggies (greens, cauliflower, potatoes, etc.) It was a nice, heart dish - but the cesar dressing cut the flavors so well and gave it is nice light element. 

Then we dove into the pizza, which for all of them, they are just cooked to perfection. Really light and thin crust, 16" pies - so plenty to eat. 

We had their regular pie, which is worth getting for any occasion, dining eat or taking out, it is just so good. Really yummy sauce used, perfect combo of tangy & sweet. Not too greasy either - just hit all the right flavors & notes. They provide a lot of side toppings if you want, so I would recommend that. We ordered peppers, which gave it a nice kick. 

We also ordered their angry pizza, which definitely was spicy, so beware of that. It wasn't off putting though, just depends on your own tolerance. We loved it. 

Lastly we ordered the shitake & asparagus pizza special - YOU HAVE TO GET THIS! I never had anything like it before. Really fresh approach to making pizza, it was creamy and airy all at the same time. Super delicious. 

We ended the night with their espresso ice cream, which was dynamite! 

Service was friendly and helpful the entire night. Ate here during covid, and felt really safe and spread out from other guests. 

I literally can't think of one area of improvement - just promise me you'll go try this place once you finish reading my review.
Had heard unbelievable things about Pizzeria Beddia so decided to give it a try. I personally think it's not worth the hype, their pizza is very similar to that of Barbuzzo's and Pizzeria Vetri but their special pizza that rotates is always very unique. We had a white asparagus pizza with scallions and it was amazing, can't find that anywhere else. Also the ordering process is flawless. We were seated, given water and then you order everything online, pay and then everything comes out very quickly. Ambience was great, service was fantastic, just have to be in the mood for pizza!
I've seen friends come here before and heard great things about Pizzeria Beddia. I did not think I would need reservations for a pizza joint at all or even on a Thursday night anywhere. 

When I got to the restaurant there were a 30 mins wait.. and we waited since people raved about it and there were many people there. So 30 mins goes by and we got seated. We saw many people order 2-3 pies, like wow it's that good huh. My fiancé and I just ordered one and it was the special pizza: Maple cream pizza. It sounds weird but it was soooo good, like amazing! A splash of maple syrup, garlic, leek, mozzarella cheese, olive oil and we added mushroom and onions. The combo was strange but it tasted amazing and sadly it's just a special so next time we come they might not have it.

We also ordered some sides and ended our night with soft serve. The soft serve was good but don't think it's worth $5.. it melted pretty quick too. But definitely coming back for more pizza!
$30 for a pie of pizza. I think it's overpriced.

The service was first-rate and the aesthetics are purposefully Instagram-worthy. However, one goes to restaurants ultimately for the food.

You'd need to eat at least 3 slices of pizza to make it *feel* like a meal, but it's just flat dough. With $4 toppings, and the amount of cheese and actual topping received is disappointing. 6 out of 10 bites of each slice is just bread. There were actual patches of no cheese in the middle. Is that normal? 

Just not for me. This experience was akin to going to Geno/Pat's-- it's for tourists and only worth going once.
Food
======
~$18 Pizza Arrabiata

I liked it; it was spicy, left a nice burn in my mouth, and was generally good. I don't have a Philadelphia joint to compare it to, but I do have New York in mind and Beddia is definitely better than some, but not the best I've ever had. Everyone has different tastes, though, as to crust thickness (or thinness), patina, char, type of oven. You can't argue with the following or the business though, so I'd give it a try if you haven't had it before.

Decor
======
Clean cut, light colored wood and white walls. Gives a feeling of airiness, which is appreciable because its a small space. The customer area is two standing tables, so two parties at a time unless people are willing to get friendly. 

Extra!!
=======
- Cash only
- Arriving at opening time will get you your pizza in 20-30 minutes
- Parking in street turnoff, although it is crowded and parallel
- 7/11 5 minutes down the street if ya need an ATM
