Coal oven pizza right off of south street with lots of fresh ingredients. 

What else do u need?
We hadn't been to this casual Steven Starr in forever. I mean, probably since the first week they opened years ago. No real reason except we don't frequent this neighborhood as much as we used to. When we found ourselves at an event at "The Shambles" across the way with the kiddies on a weekday night, a chill pizza date at Stella seemed like a no brainer...

The place definitely has some interesting design details and an all around cool vibe. We loved walking in the front door to see the  guys flipping dough and placing pies into the gorgeous wood fire oven. I also love the idea of dining al fresco on Headhouse although this particular night we sat at the bar downstairs which had a flatscreen making it a good option if you want to catch a game. 

Although pizza is their main thing, their antipasti, flatbreads, pasta dishes, smaller plates and specials are not to be overlooked. They're authentic and strong accompaniments. 

Their pizzas range from traditional to more creative. The pie is all around somewhat thinner, just how we like it. The zucchini pie was so memorable and flavorful! Vegan friends, they can and will make it sans the lemon ricotta cheese. It has a bit of olive oil so it certain won't be dry. The crunch of the julienned zucchini with freshness of the mint and the zing of the black pepper...it was quite perfect! 

Our waiter was very knowledgeable of the menu and efficient. He suggested a red we really enjoyed also. Don't hesitate to ask for suggestions here! 

Glad to have put Stella back on our radar! It's a truly great place to share a pie, grab a fantastic glass of red wine or even one of their creative cocktails, and just hang. We'll be headed here the next time we have the fam in tow when we're in the area
Wow, nine years since my last review of Pizzeria Stella - it's time for an update! Luckily, I'm very much still picking up what Stella's putting down. I went for dinner on a drizzly night but the seating under the Headhouse Shambles kept me and my friend dry and comfortable. Our server (I forget her name but it was her first night back to work) was fantastic and so sweet! 

I was a bit pizza'd out and was happy that my friend was down for ordering pastas, instead. We shared the tomato salad with burrata which was a special that evening. This super fresh and delicious salad was summer in a bowl! For entrees, my friend had the blue crab bucatini while I went with the rock shrimp paccheri. I loved my dish and ate every last bite! 

Pizzeria Stella is a classic that's still going strong. I'm planning to return ASAP for more outdoor dining!
Wood fired pizza? I'm in. I thought that maybe Philadelphia was finally breaking it's bad pizza curse. Almost, but not quite. 

Pizzaria Stella is easy to get to, and a nice addition to the neighborhood that already includes the Artful Dodge and Xochitl, among others. I arrive with a date on a Friday night, and the place was hopping. Really, really full. Luckily we didn't have to wait on our table, but the restaurant was so loud (between the music and all the animated folks just inches away from us), we had to lean-in to hear each other. 

We order the Tatufo, deciding to split it, and got the immediate "Just one pizza?" from our waitress. Luckily, I'm not easily intimidated. Our wine came out promptly, and the food was fairly rapid, too. The Tartufo is a great pizza with black truffles and a raw egg that the server breaks over the pizza at the table. We were quite pleased with it, but as it cooled the egg became a little less appetizing. The pizza rack that sits on the table is actually really annoying - it takes up far too much space in already tight quarters. Perhaps a rack that clips on to the table, instead of sitting on it? 

I don't have real complaints about the food, location, or atmosphere, but I think they are straddling a hard line between casual and formal. The servers were very attentive - too attentive. We were continually asked if we wanted more wine before we had even finished our glasses, and three different bus boys tried to take our plates away (when we paused from eating) while were still covered in food. In many ways, it just felt like they were trying to rush us out the door. Perhaps we weren't spending enough money?

This is a nice space to stop by with friends if you're in the neighborhood, but it's too loud for a date and too expensive to be an everyday joint.
pizza week - stella's answer to philly restaurant week is actually a solid deal.
you get to choose a starter (an app or a salad or a soup), a pizza, and a happy ending (gelato) - all for $25. 

my sister and i took my mom out for lunch, and between the three of us, we chose the arancini and the marinated olives for our starters - both were delightful.

we had a difficult time narrowing down our choices for pizza - they all sounded great.
we decided on the quattro formaggi (sauce/4 cheeses), the pepperoni (abbruzze pepperoni/mozz/sauce) and the san daniele (proscuitto/smoked mozz/arugula) - they were delicious. (i think the arugula might have benefitted from a post-bake drizzle of olive oil, but that might just be me)

i would love to try the pistachio, the mushroom, the zucchini, the pancetta, the tartufo, and the piccante pizzas...damn you, stella - STELLLLLAAAAAAAAAHHHH - you make me sound like a glutton!

the crust is a tender and delicate version of chewy - nice and thin and tasty, it was beautifully spotted with char (this is a good thing). the toppings were delicious, and generous...we ended up eating only half of all three pies, so home the rest went

the honey-mascarpone gelato was delicate and delicious, and the stracciatella was generously veined with chocolate - nice for 3 to share.

they make a good espresso here - italian-mamma-approved.
Like most of the Stephen Starr restaurants, this place is heavy on style but not much on substance.  

They've chosen a great location, right in Headhouse square, in the former Cosi corner spot - it has a fun Stephen Starr-ish interior design (a whole wall splattered in with a repeat of a Tower of Pisa vintage postcard, a whole wall with cords of wood logs to stoke the open pizza wood-burning oven, etc) and plenty of outdoor seating (cute Italian metal tables and metal/leather café chairs)

The appeal kind of ends there. Menu is limited with its focus, rightfully so, centering on pizza (offering only a couple of appetizers + three salads)  Those few starters were nothing to write home about, with the portions being very small and ingredients uninspired.

As for their namesake pizza, there are are over ten options (your typical, margherita, marinara, pepperoni, sausage, etc... with a few notables Tartufo, Vongole) priced from $12 to $17.  The pizza is medium sized and comes cut in six medium slices.  Enough to split for two - but only if you have a starter to split first.   if you're really hungry, you might have to order two (but it's almost too much?)  

The crust is really good, but nothing groundbreaking.  The crust is actually the best part of their pizza, thin, smoky, crunchy and tasty - just right - everything else is rather unimpressive (aside from the few higher priced notable pizzas mentioned above) -  and a bit overpriced. You can get an equally good, but bigger and less price-y pizza at Lazaro's or Pietro's (whose second location is nearby) -  however, if you care more about being seen eating pizza than eating good pizza, this place is for you.
How have I neglected to write a Yelp review for Pizzeria Stella? It's the home to my favorite brick-oven style pizza in the city, after all. 

There's the margherita, with a healthy amount of sauce and about one small circle of mozzarella and one leaf of basil per slice; the piccante, with salty capicola and provolone, plus crushed red pepper; the wood grilled sausage, with long hot pesto; the tartufo, with earthy truffle and egg yolk running along the salty cheese. I've now had all of the pizzas with the exception of one or two and they each hold their own place in my pizza-loving heart.

If pasta is what you're craving, the few options on the menu will satisfy. Most recently, circular tubes tossed in spicy arrabiata sauce with rock shrimp was heavy on taste but light enough to be healthy.

Pro tip: Start with the olives and marcona almonds, tossed in olive oil and orange zest, along with a glass of house wine.
I would rate Stella's as, "What's your hurry? Here's your hat."

Our experience last Friday was made unpleasant because of extreme up-selling and pressure to turn tables. Our server (and her team) made repeated queries if we wanted more wine while we still had wine in our glasses; she interrupted conversation mid-meal (we were half-way through our pizzas) to recite the dessert menu; and then (just bizarre), as I was cutting a slice from the last of three pizzas, with the two empty trays stacked beneath, she reached under my hand to remove the trays, suggesting it would make it easier to cut the pie. As I was still chewing my last bite, she cleared the table, inquired about dessert again, placed the check on the table and offered the requisite, "No rush; any time you're ready."
So it's probably unfair to review a restaurant on it's soft opening.  But here I go:  Woohoooo!  I was anticipating the opening of Pizzeria Stella and was not disappointed. I like the casual setting with plenty of tables and dog/stroller friendly outdoor tables.  

We started with the Balsamic Onion starter and shared two pizzas (about 12 inches):

Tartufo: black truffle, fontina, egg, parmesan $17.  
Sausage: sweet fennel sausage, hot pepper, tomato, basil $15

Tartufo should be eaten right away, as the egg is sunny side up and smeared around the pizza for equal coverage. Don't be intimidated by the raw egg, it's divine!  If you aren't a truffle fan, steer clear as the truffle oil is quite powerful.

The sausage pizza was well balanced and not too spicy or heavy on the meat.

All in all, the thin crust held up against the wet ingredients without getting soggy right away. There are other vegetarian options and lower priced pizzas, ranging from $12-17. 

Finish off with the "secret recipe" homemade gelato.  I recommend you try the olive oil flavor.  Creamy, sweet and full of flavor.  

Between my husband and I, we split an appetizer, two pizzas, a gelato, and each had a drink for about $70.  

Hours: Sun.-Thu., 11 a.m.-11 p.m.; Fri.-Sat., 11 a.m.-midnight.
First and foremost, if you like pizza you will enjoy pizzeria stella. I am not a pizza snob; i rarely make distinctions regarding thin crust, Neapolitan, chicago-, new york - or new haven- style. i just tend to like cheese, dough and tomatoes, so i am not hard to please when it comes to this type of cuisine. 

Having said that, pizzeria stella suffers from exceedingly high expectations. the pizza just does not live up to the hype, but that doesn't mean it is bad.  actually, you will probably like it if you go there just expecting "good" pizza and not "change your life" good pizza.  this reasoning probably explains why i enjoyed pizzeria stella much more the first time i went.  I visited pizzeria stella not long after it first opened. the service was friendly, prompt, and the pizza was great.  just what i expected.

But once the food writers started churning out reviews, words like "revolutionary" and "fiercely artisanal" were being used to describe the food. after dining at pizzeria stella last night, I respectfully disagree. it's decent pizza with interesting toppings in a lively, well-designed environment. nothing more, nothing less.  (for most people, such a description is more than enough to make them happy).

I started off with the house red (the wine glasses are no longer piping hot when brought to the table, which is great. it would be nice if the red was chilled a bit , though). I was with a group, so we started off with the lentil ragu and the romaine salad. I love lentils, so was really happy with this dish. there is something mildly sweet about it. i couldn't figure out whether there was cinnamon, nutmeg or allspice in it. the romaine salad was small, but pleasing. just a hint of mint; very refreshing. 

after reading so many positive reviews on yelp, i ordered the pistachio pizza for my main. i love white pie and red onion, so i was happy with my selection. the pistachios provided an interesting twist -- they worked. i thought the crust, however, was a bit too present. meaning, do i need two inches of crust? it would be nice if they brought the ingredients a little closer to the edge. i ended up leaving a lot of crust on the plate, so that's a calorie saver right there, if you are into that sort of thing. 

the rest of my party ordered the sausage, pepperoni, and margherita pizzas.  the sausage definitely has some kick; it also is a bit soggy towards the middle.  the pepperoni and margherita are both solid.

our server was helpful, perky, and attentive. we had to wait about thirty minutes for a table on a saturday night, which we expected. 

overall, i had a fun evening with friends and would go back if someone asked or if i felt like a bit more ambiance than mama palma's has to offer. if i could, i would give pizzeria stella 3.5 stars.
So many phenomenal creations here, leaving me dreaming of pizza in Italy. Puffy and tender crusts circle a thin-bottomed pie, mottled with just-right black charring. 

All the pies I've eaten here -- from the simple tomato mozzarella and basil option to the indulgent Tartufo with runny egg yolk -- were oh so surprising and pleasant . Most are topped with mozzarella that tastes fresh and young. The sausage pizza is spiced with long hot pesto that adds a welcome kick. A spinach pizza feels nearly healthy (though not quite, with all that olive oil) with garlicky sauteed spinach, pine nuts and mozzarella. A mushroom pie is overwhelmed with paper thin slices of rosemary ham, a garlic cream sauce and smoked moz. My roommate once had a creative special with sauteed pears and a soft cheese, which was a strikingly adventurous choice for a typically conservative eater. No matter, the few leftovers were boxed up and eaten cold the next day. Despite all the combinations of toppings, the classic Margherita will always be my favorite.

Drinks are expensive and pours are light, but a glass of decent house red for $6 isn't a terrible drain on the wallet.

There are plenty of other options on the menu -- deep bowls of salad, pasta, antipasta -- but why bother ordering them? Stick with the restaurant's focus and you won't go wrong.
A close female friend and I dined at Stella tonight.
The weather was sublime and we sat inside - but right by the LARGE open floor to ceiling windows - so we had the best of both worlds - inside and al fresco.

We BOTH ordered a plate of the special app - a gloriously fresh mozzarella and heirloom tomato (yellow, orange, red, brown and purple) salad.  It was lightly and PERFECTLY dressed with a basil infused oil and a sweet balsamic (decent quality - not the cheap stuff, but not the 17 year old either).  It sang on the palate.

I am hankeing to try the meatball and risotto app - next time.   (And there WILL be a next time.)

Next we split a pizza.  Let me preface this by saying that I am not (shocking, I know) a pizza lover.  I am a pasta lover, but never really "get off" on pizza.  

Stella's pizza is very, very good.  (My friend says it's better than Osteria - but the pie she had as Osteria was burnt.)  Thin crust - but not ridiculously thin.  (I dislike "pizza on a cracker")  Thin in the middle and medium rise (with some puffiness) on the edges.  We had #11 - Spinach.  It was a white pie with a healthy hit of garlic, toasted pine nuts (Oh, yeah, baby!!), the ideal amount of fresh, bright green, sauteed spinach, and a few heavy handed spinkles (globs?) of a sundried tomato/oil puree.  Definitely tasty - and worth a try for those of you who like spinach.

One negative?  No substitutions on pie.  They make 'em how they make 'em.

One positive?  GREAT service by our your server (can not remember her name - but she was really nice and attentive.)

Another thing... only gelatos for dessert.  We skipped dessert here and opted to get some home-made cakes at "More than Just Ice Cream".  But I bet their gelato is good.  (However, Capogiro is not too far, ya know...)

Anyhow - Starr strikes again with a good (and not overly decorated - thank goodnees) spot.

Note to the hard-working pie men (and gals):  Please keep the pies crispy on the bottom - nobody likes a soggy pie.

JOB WELL DONE.

Oh - another thing - we really wish you'd take reservations.  Thankfully at 5:30 on a May Sunday we (2 people) did not need one and were seated quickly.  Hooray!
My best friend and I were fortunate enough to catch this place before the state government ordered bars and restaurants closed to contain the spread of the coronavirus.

It came rated very highly on Yelp and y'all did not disappoint me!!

I am in a neapolitan pizza phase. I'm absolutely obsessed! I could eat it for breakfast, lunch and dinner and still want more. So I decided to see what kind of pies Philly could whip up... And I was not disappointed.

We started the meal with an order of arancini, which is one of my favorite things in the world. Delicious fried carbs stuffed with cheese? There is literally nothing better than that. The arancini was good, but what we enjoyed most was the sauce. So fresh! None of that metallic bitterness that comes from canned sauces. You could actually taste the tomatoes in the sauce. It was so good that we asked our server to leave the plate behind so that we could enjoy the rest of the sauce with our next course.

Our server mentioned that they had a short rib soup as one of their specials. My best friend and I love short ribs so this was definitely a treat...at least in theory. In practice, not so much. The soup was good, but I can count on one hand the number of times we actually found meat in the soup. There was one decent sized chunk of short rib... the rest were little tiny shreds. It was essentially a (very hearty and delicious) vegetable soup with a few sparse pieces of meat thrown in. The tomato sauce from our previous course added a measure of brightness to the soup that I really appreciated, however this was definitely not my favorite course. 

For our mains, my best friend ordered a pizza topped with fried octopus while I ordered the baby spinach pizza with pine nuts. Instead of regular mozzarella, I requested smoked mozzarella (my fave!), and asked that it be topped with arugula as well, which they were more than happy to do. 

The smoked octopus pizza was interesting. Naturally, the octopus was a little bit chewier than if we had ordered it prepared another way, but it was an interesting flavor and texture element. The pie was a bit salty for my taste, so I'm glad I didn't order that one for myself. One slice was enough. The baby spinach pizza, however, was absolute perfection! I think my best friend enjoyed my pizza a little bit more than he enjoyed his own because more than a few times I had to knock his fork away from my plate.

For the final course I ordered some of the homemade gelato. As soon as our server said luxardo cherry flavor, I was sold. I use luxardo cherries when I made Old Fashioneds for myself at home and they are some of my favorite things. So naturally, blending them with the cool creaminess of gelato sounds like a match made in heaven, right? 

Absolutely!

The gelato was topped with a crunchy wafer that very much resembled a waffle cone, giving me the full taste and texture experience of eating a delicious cone of gelato. Yum!

Our server, Adam was fantastic. He expressed his gratitude for our patronage throughout our visit, during a time where most people were avoiding bars and restaurants. (Since we were in town visiting, we had no choice but to dine out. Plus, the "social distancing" directive wouldn't be issued until another few days after our visit). He was also incredibly proactive. Before we had a chance to flag him down, he would show up with exactly what we needed. 

One of the managers also came outside to check on us (we were dining al fresco) and noticed that the temperature had dropped a bit. He offered to turn on the outdoor heater to warm us up, even though we were on the dessert course of our meal. The hospitality of the staff definitely did not go unnoticed and it was greatly appreciated. 

Both the food and the service here were excellent. I'll be sure to make my way here again the next time I'm in Philly.
The 4 of us needed to beat the dinner crowd, so we arrived at 5:15 Friday night and had no trouble getting a table. It was a different story as we left a little after 6:30 when there was a 25 minute wait.  The space itself is very nice as is the staff.  As can be seen on other reviews on this site, there seems to be a pattern - push large quantities of food! 

We had ordered the octopus and calamari antipasti (which was the best thing we had all night - it truly being excellent), along with the asparagus, sunny side up egg with parmesan vinaigrette (no big deal) and were told that the "Arancini", rolled risotto with parmesan and marinara was not to be missed - it could have been.

We then ordered two (12 inch) pizzas - the  "Finocchio" with black olives, caramelized fennel, mozzarella and tomato  and the "Vongole" with clams, broccoli rabe, pancetta and mozzarella.  Our very nice and non-pushy server said she thought we hadn't ordered enough, suggesting that we each really needed our own pizza. The two that we ordered were more than enough and although good, were really not all that special - and at approximately $45 a couple before tip, including beers/soda, certainly not worth a 25 minute wait.  We were glad to experience another Stephen Starr restaurant but won't be in any real rush to return to this one.
My husband and I are obsessed with this place. Not kidding -- obsessed. Stella might even be considering getting a restraining order. We've tried each and every pizza at least once...and within a 10 day span (if it took that long). 

So, here's the pizzas in order of my favorites:
1. Sausage - the best pizza ever
2. Margherita - might sound boring, but it's pretty amazing
3. Mushroom - yummy creamy garlic sauce, yummy shrooms, yummy ham
4.Tartufo - you won't believe how good this smells, let alone tastes
5. Marinara - delicious cheeseless pizza, whodda thunk?
6. Pepperoni - can't go wrong with this one
7. Piccante - the favorite of most of the employees
8. Spinach - the pine nuts are a great addition
9. Zucchini - a much better topping than you'd think!
10. San Daniele - love the arugula 
11. Quattro Formaggi - the tomato sauce is freaking gooood 
12. Pistachio - a buttery sauce and thinly sliced red onions
13. Panchetta - very bold and delicious flavors

By the way, just because one has to rank last by no means should that indicate that I didn't like it. I love each and every one as if they were my babies (and if I ate babies, which I do not).
Wood oven pizzas are everywhere these days but this one is worth the trip. 

We started with meatballs, arancini, and olives. I'd skip the meatballs bc they were tasty but not special texturally. Olives had a nice mix of almonds and herbs. Arancini were soft and cheesy inside and fried outside- perfect. 

The real star of course is the pizza. It had just the right thickness of chewy, crispy crust, bubbly cheese, and a good ratio of gourmet toppings. We ordered four pizzas for four adults and two kids and only had 2 slices remaining.  You can't go wrong with the prosciutto and arugula, nduja, four cheese, and pistachio. 

Perfect for an alfresco dinner after wandering the cobblestoned streets of Old City. They have huge windows that open in case you're not lucky enough to snag an outside table. I imagine it's cozy in the winter too.
Good pizza, not amazing though. 

I will say that the grilled octopus starter was INCREDIBLE. I was hesitant because grilled octopus can be hit or miss. This was fantastic - just the right level of char, nice and salty, I'd go back there just for the octopus, no lie.

The pizza was decent. Tried the margherita which was pretty good. Also had the Pistachio -- the pizza itself was good - loved the cheese and red onions, but I just didn't love the idea of Pistachios on a pizza, too heavy. Not their fault. It was a good slice, just not my thing. I'd like to try some of the other menu options. I thought the bottom was a tiny bit too burnt but I am very sensitive to that sort of thing. 

Good service. Metered parking spots nearby.
A nice stroke from Starr, and a well received replacement for the previous location tenant, the nonetheless to-be-missed coffee spot, Cosi. Of course I couldn't resist going somewhere named after mom! Welcoming our Canadian friend to Philly, we took in a couple tasty local brews from the competently assembled list, to wash down the fresh and crispy highlight, pizza.

There are several country Italian satellite dishes to whet the appetite, but needless to say, the menu hub's and the establishment's raison d'etre are the dozen imaginatively topped thin crust pies. I couldn't resist insisting on my favorite desert's namesake, the egg and truffle topped tartufo, and though a bit apprehensive at first, my dinner pals agreed it was a really yummy combination. A good wine selection fills out the needs of the palates of most diners who'd pick Stella for a meal. Pretty darn good for what it is.
i went for the second time this weekend and i liked it better the first time. i am not a pizza snob, but i think the crust was too spongy this time around. but i loved the toppings, the spicy sausage is delish. the lentil appetizer was top notch. i think the space is great, and there are not a ton of really nice spaces to eat pizza in philly, so that is a major upside for stella. and the service was really solid, so all in all a fine place to eat. i'll go again, but it won't be top of my list.
When I saw this place get 3 bells in the Inquirer, I knew it was time to go there. A positive experience from the door. We did not have to wait, but kinda got a jerk table by the front door, no biggie. At least there is another door blocking Old Man Winter and it was in front of the ovens. Or server was helpful and didn't let me over order, like I normally do. We got the octopus and squid ceviche appetizer which was tasty and fresh. We got a suggested special of meatballs, polpette, with sauce over creamy polenta. This dish was tasty as well but could of been primo if the meatballs were made properly. The flavor was there but the texture was all wrong. We got the Vongole pizza-clams, broccoli rabe and pancetta. Again the flavor was correct, clams were not overdone and everything melded well. My only complaint, a tiny one, is that they cooked the pizza in an unclean oven. There was burnt flour, etc. on the bottom of the pie, pretty displeasing. Oh, you should have something more than gelato for dessert, it being 20 degrees and all I was not in the mood for anything frozen. I will return, it definitely was a nice spot.
Steven Star doing Steven Star. Excellent pizza especially the clam pizza. Salads are good. Pretty restaurant with good service and fair prices. I wish Headhouse Square was a better destination but, like I said the pizza is really good. Get one per person.
I remember coming here shortly after their opening and being completely underwhelmed. I've gotta admit, I'm kind of a Starr-hater. I'm just never impressed by any of the restaurants in neither decor, ambiance and most especially food. I've given this place a few more chances but I'm still not wild about it.

I will give Stella props though for being a good neighborhood establishment. This is the place to come in a group of 3-4 or more and share several pizzas. How is it? It's good, but for some reason, I'm just not crazy about it. The pancetta is probably my favorite.

Will I pop in here occasionally? Sure, if I'm in the neighborhood, looking for a nice sit-down place and it's pizza that I'm craving or settling for. Do I ever crave Stella specifically? Eh, not really.
Sometimes I wish steven Starr would be content with the little concept restaurants he has. Was Stella good? It was ok. Have I had better pizza? Yes! $95 plus tip for four pies, and sodas/espresso? My back right pocket is aching steven. You are a wallet rapist. How you convinced everyone that what you touch is worth it...brilliant. But this is a shot at all of your restaurants and you. You lack love. And you lack heart. And because of this, yeah you will make money, but you will NEVER have a great restaurant. sorry to be personal. 

PS stop wearing ripped up "gym" clothes to go check up on your money-traps. dress up and have some respect for your restaurants, their employees, their patrons and most importantly yourself. it makes you that much worse.
Starr has the ability to make any space seem pretentious but relaxed at the same time ( its a weird gift) Sunday I was craving pizza ( not the standard delivery) so a friend and i wandered over to Stella to have a bite and chat it up . We decided to sit at the high top "bar" where you could see the pizza magic happening around you. I will say that i like the wine list ALOT. All options come from the boot and are fairly priced for the area and hell ill say it for a Starr joint. We both did glasses of the house red which was a smooth montepulciano it was perfect and rang in at only 5.50 per glass. I will say that i was annoyed they dont offer it by the bottle but its still a great buy. 

We decided on the tartufo since most of the options have some sort of meat product on them. Tartufo has been one of the main pizzas ive ordered and the best in the city so far is Zavinos rendition when they have it on the menu.

The crust was legit and the truffle oil was milder than i would have liked. But all of the components (cheese, runny egg )worked well. The pies here are all 12' so we each had about 3 good size slices. We added an order of broccoli rabe and were both left satisfied. Im going with the 3 because of the price.  The pizza was almost 20.00 and not really worth more than 15 in my opinion. Im not opposed to spending money on a quality meal ever, i just felt like there could have been more; more done to the pizza and slightly larger maybe 14''. 

Id probably return to try the traditional pie, it seemed to be the house favorite oh and of course that house montepulciano.
Stella, Stella... no I don't say that with all the drama of streetcar named desire but more a tsk, tsk head shaking way.

After a movie last night I finally tried this place with 3 friends.  Initially the atmosphere was attractive but it took a few short minutes to realize it was too damn loud in there.  I understand that open kitchens often cause noise you want to cover over, however, the music blaring in there made me feel like Noriega.  I want to talk to my friends at a pizza joint, not pretend it's the brightest lit club in the city.  And really, who needs to hear Fleetwood mac that loud!?  Most restaurants have noise problems, but when the music stalled for a moment between songs, it was not at all that loud.  It was heavenly, compared.

The Pizza, yeah, very good.  My one friend was a bit bothered that they over did one of our pizzas since there were way too many black spots on the crust.  If the crust was not good, I'm sure she wouldn't have harped on it to the extent of declaring there were way too many cooks back there and apparently none of them were watching the pizza close enough.
I loved the pizza.  The Tartoufo, with black truffle and an egg on top, was rich and wonderful.  The Pistachio was good.  My big complaint though was the SUPER CRAPPY BEER LIST!  C'mon, really? Steven Starr could not find a way to offer at least one local beer?  The beers are offered in bottles, most costing $6 and very uninteresting.  I went with the $5 Yuengling.
Our server was friendly.  She was apparently being watched, literally over her shoulder in training.  I liked her despite how nervous the other waiter made her feel.  Maybe that was because she was the only server that didn't have that hipster skinny tattooed look.  Maybe she was the token minority that Starr likes to hire.  She suggested some gelato and our interests piqued by the concept of the olive oil gelato.  It was so good.  I highly recommend this one.
I will likely come back to this place eventually if friends insist, but honestly, I think the nearby Pietro's has some better beer selections, though it's been a while and I need to find out now.  And, it's quieter at Pietro's.
I wanted to like this place. When I walked in, I was pleasantly surprised with how low-key it seemed. I was honestly kind of mad at myself for never visiting Stella before that moment. 

The pizza was tasty. It reminded me of pizza in Italy, just a bit smaller. The ingredients were fresh but not exactly memorable. We ordered the margherita and san daniele pizzas and split them among 3 of us. I ended up not hungry, but not exactly full. We also ordered one beer each.

The shock came with the bill. Two pizzas and three beers ended up costing us $50. Fifty dollars for 2 relatively small and somewhat forgettable pizzas and 3 beers. 

Not worth my money, sorry.
I came here for Mother's Day with a group of 6 with no wait! The hostesses were extremely friendly and since they were not busy, they let us sit immediately rather than waiting for our entire party to arrive.Their drink menu was pretty extensive and offered everything from wine to beer to cocktails. They had a specialty sangria as well as a beer and their cocktail menu was impressive as they offered drinks with rose and prosecco. 

We started with a few appetizers to split and had the arancini, meatballs and calamari. The arancini was the biggest hit of the table and you get 3 of them in an order so we all had 1/2 of one and I contemplated getting myself an order until I remembered that pizza is too good to resist. The meatballs were also raved about by my family although I did not try them. The calamari came with fried peppers as well in the order and a side of marinara along with a spicy chipotle sauce which was a great touch. 

For dinner we ordered a margherita, san danielle (prosciutto), pepperoni and two mushroom pizzas. Most of the table finished the mushroom pizzas and the only thing that we had to go was half of a pepperoni pizza because everyone ate all of the other food. The only downfall that I would have to the pizza is that the margherita dough typically seems soggy so it makes it a little harder to eat. They offer gelatos for dessert but at that point we were too filled but the options were impressive. 
 
The restaurant is extremely casual and they offer outside seating which is great during the summer and on a Sunday you are right across the street from a small farmers market where you can stop before/after you eat! Parking is metered but they accept credit cards so you do not need to have change which is a huge plus and it's in a cool neighborhood for walking around!
Well, this place is great! I have been to PS two times about a year apart and each time was a wonderful experience. I'll be back more often after our last great time. 

For round one we sat outside for dinner during the fall after moving a friend and it was perfect. Pizza, beer, and the Old City atmosphere. This time around we came for bunch and sat inside. The atmosphere is nice and comfortable, not too fancy. 

Both times we started out with the meatballs for an app and phew, them things are good! After that we usually get about 4 pizzas, one per person usually does the trick but we always end up sharing. I would say the sausage and the spinach pizzas are my favorites. We've tried pretty much every pizza on the menu and each one was solid. 

If you're looking to experience some great pizza in a nice/casual atmosphere definitely check this place out.
Shocked I haven't reviewed Stella by now!
Last night we did a virtual secret santa and I ordered pizza for all the participants. I chose Stella for myself.
I ALWAYS get the San Daniele pizza (prosciutto and arugula) and the romaine salad - whatever dressing they put on that is SO good. I've tried some of my friends pizzas. like the margherita,  sausage and tartufo (all of their pizzas are wonderful...the crust is always done perfectly with those crusty air bubbles). 
Previously I've had the meatballs - always delicious and moist with the perfect amount of sauce...a little extra to dip your crusts in. The ricotta cheese is also good, sometimes it comes with plenty of bread but other times not quite enough to use up all of the cheese. I love the rosemary flavor..it really makes it standout and different than other ricotta apps out there. 
I've dined in several times over the years but was never super happy with the service..I always feel as though they're irritated by customer presence so I prefer takeout.
stella, stella.  i wanted to be able to scream it from rooftops...  but sadly, i cannot.

in the stephen starr vein, this place is grand...grand in the way a pseudo rustic type place can be.  to give it even more of a homey feel, there are long tables that you have to share with other folk.

in all, it's a-ok.  there are some original ingredients on the pizzas.  the crusts are decent (and to be honest, i'm a chicago deep dish pizza girl myself)...  our server was probably the best part of the place, as she was super friendly and knowledgeable.

so if i were around the block, and had a pizza craving, i may stop here.  but would i make an extra long trip out here for the pizza again?  most prob not.
Thank you fellow Yelpers for your reviews about this place. AWESOME pizza. It worth the trip.  We have the Quattro Formaggio and the San Danielle. OMG - both were delicious. We shared 2 pizza between the 3 of us and was plenty of food. We also ordered their Arancini (risotto filled with cheese fritters) that comes with their marinara sauce.  The sauce was so delicious (and I don't eat red sauce much) that I wanted just to drink it. We went early for dinner and was pretty cold outside, so the restaurant was not that busy.
I happen to be a fan of Steven Starr's restaurants so I couldn't wait to check out what he was able to do with on of my favorite foods, pizza. The first time I attempted to go, there was a line out the door so we opted to check it out before a phillies game during the week, right when they opened.  

The atmosphere : is very different from his other restaurants, very quaint and I enjoyed it on a late sunny afternoon. Definitely not a place to go and grab a drink like his other restaurants.

Starter: We shared the sheeps milk  ricotta cheese and flatbread app to start off. I looooove ricotta cheese and this was very yummy. It was so good that I asked if we could hold onto it and dip our pizza crust into it.  

The Pizza- We shared the sausage. I am a huge fan of thin crust and this was a nice thickness for me- thought the bottom was alittle too black- I understand it's the result of a wood oven  but I thought it was too much.  I thought the flavor over all of the pizza was good- nothing to make me think it's the best pizza I've ever eaten though.

Wine: it was ok- had two glasses of pino grigio- It might have been just a mental thing but I don't like how they serve the wine in stemless square glasses- I guess that goes with the motif though

Over all- I 'd go back again- but don't think this restaurant compares to his other restaurants
I just moved to Queen Village and my roommates and some friends decided to get to know the neighborhood and ended up here for lunch. It will not be the last time for sure! They have lots of outdoor seating, and Headhouse Square is the perfect place to sit outside on a nice day! Service was good, quick and friendly. They also have a pretty good beer and wine list, not huge but definitely something for everyone! Huge plus - it was pretty hot outside and our waters were refilled regularly (thanks!!!). 

The waiter suggested one pizza per person, we had 8 people and ended up getting 6 pizzas between us. Most of us thought it was enough, the guys said they could eat more, so if you're hungry don't be afraid to order a lot. It is not easy to choose between all of the enticing and unique pizzas! You can smell them cooking the wood fire oven even from outside, and its killer! 

All of the pizzas were wonderful, thin and flavorful crust, and not too heavy. We argued over which one was the best! The clear winners were the Piccante which is has just the right amount of spice, the spinach extremely flavorful and my personal favorite, and the San Daniel a little unique and completely delicious. All of them were great though down to the standard Margarita.
It's no secret that I'm a Stephen Starr fan and I had not yet visited his pizza joint so I was happy to stop here this week. Despite being a Saturday night, my party of 3 walked right in. The menu is filled with pizza options and several pasta and salad options as well. I highly suggest the rosemary flatbread as an appetizer.... it's drizzled with olive oil and it's delicious. I ordered the margherita pizza and it reminded me of pizza that I had eaten while visiting Italy. For dessert I got the stracciatella gelato, which was simply fantastic. I moaned with my first bite and made sure my dinner companions tried it as well. My friend ordered the espresso crunch gelato and she said that it was too intense of a flavor. 

If you're in the area and looking for a solid specialty pizzeria, stop by. Save room for the gelato!
Philly is home to quite a few artisanal pizza joints. You know I'm all about Pizzeria Vetri and their delicious Neapolitan-style pizzas. Fairmount has it on lock down with Bufad, Osteria (another Vetri joint), and of course, the aforementioned Pizzeria Vetri. Midtown Village provides great pizza in the form of Barbuzzo and Zavino. And for those lucky enough to live in Society Hill, Stephen Starr's Pizzeria Stella has got you covered. 

How so? Their 800 degree oven whips out 12 inch artisanal pies like nobody's business. If there are any doubts above the wood-fired oven, just take a gander at the stacks of timber ready to provide the leoparding on your crust.

So this past fall, the GF and I stopped by Pizzeria Stella to try their pies. We grabbed one of the best seats in the house - the doors were completely open to Headhouse Square so we were essentially dining al fresco, inside.

Melohattan [$9]
Bourbon, pomegranate liqueur, sweet vermouth

I was in the mood for a drink, so went with the Melohattan - a clear nod to the oft-enjoyed whiskey-based cocktail. The bourbon base provided some smoky sweetness, with the pomegranate coming through on top of the sweet vermouth. Easy drinking and delicious.

Sheep's Milk Ricotta [$11]
Rosemary, flatbread  

I first tried sheep's milk ricotta at Andrew Carmellini / Robert DeNiro's Laconda Verde in TriBeCa and since then, if it's on the menu anywhere, I will order it. Pizzeria Stella's version was a bit grainy, but the flavors were still there - salty, creamy, delicious. The chewy rosemary flatbread was especially nice, just begging to be slathered with the ricotta.

Arancini [$8]
Risotto, parmesan, marinara 

This was the GF's first time trying aranchini and since this visit, she's ordered aranchini everywhere she goes. These were perfectly executed - crispy on the outside, with creamy risotto with just enough bite within. 

The tangy marinara and the salty Parmesan helped to add flavor to each bite. But really, it's all about the outer crunch for me. Yum.

Margherita ($15)
San Marzano tomato, basil, buffalo mozzarella

But on to the Neapolitan-style pies. We started with the margherita - easily a standard by which all artisanal pies should be measured. Pizzeria Stella has it in spades. These 12 inch pies had a pliant, soft chew, with just enough crust from the oven to provide texture. The sweet, tangy San Marzano tomatoes meld beautifully with the buffalo mozz and the fresh basil. The leoparding was "spot" on as well.

Tartufo ($19)
Black truffle, egg, fontina 

We had to try the truffle-egg pie as well. Sure, every pizza joint has one of these. But that doesn't make it any less delicious - especially when a farm fresh egg is broken in front of you - tableside.

The salty fontina was a great foil for the heft of the egg and the earthiness of the truffle. Fresh shaved black truffles would have been nice, but hey, we'll make do with the truffle oil - despite all the critics.

Honey Mascarpone Gelato ($4)
Pistachio biscotti  

And for a sweet note, we had to try some of the homemade gelato. Mascarpone imparted exceptional creaminess to the rich, french vanilla, with additional sweetness coming through from the honey. Decadent. The GF and I aren't big fans of biscotti, but this pistachio iteration was pretty good - great crunch and flavor. 

So if you're looking for a casual and relaxing night out or are simply craving great food in the form of an artisanal pie and more - Stephen Starr's Pizzeria Stella has got you covered. Say what you will about this restaurateur, but there's a reason why all of his places (in Philly at least - sorry Questlove!) are a hit.
Get in get out and definately don't linger.  While the service was rushed and everyone in the restaurant wanted you to leave, the pizza was delicious.   One is enough for an individual,  however, don't ask to have it sliced in eights or add any ingrediant, becuase anything out of the ordinary and you are screwing up their mojo of you getting in and getting out.  Its just not permitted. Test it and let me know...  

Overall we enjoyed it, but they definately want you to eat and get out.
Tartufo is amazing. black truffle, egg, fontina. Everything else is good too. Also love to order. 

My favorite fancy pizza place in Philly.
Fresh ingredients. Great selection of pizza styles. A coal burning oven. Great service and knowledgeable staff to help pair the right wine with the pizza. The bar area is limited and sound carries very easily in this area but it was otherwise a chill spot. We split the pepperoni pizza which amounted to a total of 6 slices. All in all, decent place for a cute date night.
I came to Pizzeria Stella with some friends whose palates are not as adventurous as mine so I left wanting MORE. From what I did try, however, the food was delicious. 

It's a very casual, low-key space with long tables for either large groups or a few smaller groups. It is a pizza joint, after all, so don't expect the overly done-up space that you see in some other Starr restaurants. 

Their service was a little lackadaisical but it was a slower night which I find makes the service slow (contrary to popular belief). I drank Stella Spritzs' all night which were good but a little on the weaker side (lots of ice). I had the opportunity to try their arancini and calamari as well as brown butter gnocchi and pizza, both margarita & pepperoni. Like I said, however, there are so many other dishes I want to try, particularly pizzas so I will definitely have to return and give a more robust review!
If you like European style pizza, Stella is the pizza place for you.   I'm kicking myself for not having tried Stella sooner!  So far this is my favorite pizza in the Philadelphia area.  Of course what makes a good pizza varies greatly depending on personal taste.  Here's what I like about the pizza at Stella that makes it #1 for me:

1.  It's cooked in a wood burning brick oven which creates a smokey flavor.
2.  The toppings are fresh and high quality such as buffalo mozzarella and fresh basil.
3.  The crust is very thin on the main area of the pie, but the crust on the outside is fluffy and chewy.

--Basically, it's simple, but it's simple done well.  My husband had the mushroom and ham pizza and enjoyed it as much as I enjoyed my margarita pizza.  

Not only is the pizza good, but the calamari with peppers appetizer my husband and I shared, was a stand out as well!  The calamari was well seasoned, hot, crispy, with not spicy, but bitter fried green peppers.  It came with an aioli and marinara, so you have the best of both worlds.  

The sangria was good, but nothing to write home about.  The Sgroppino, on the other hand, was one of the better cocktails I've had in a while.  It contained lemon sorbet, vodka, and prosecco.  It's tart with bits of lemon rind, a little slushy from the sorbet, and only slightly sweet.  Two sprigs of mint were placed in the center which gave it not only color but a hint of mint flavor.  I would go back just for the drink!  

I was stuffed after the food, and even had to get a to-go box for my last slice of pizza.  However, when I heard there was olive oil gelato, I just couldn't pass that one up.  My husband got the espresso crunch gelato.  We really should have shared because it was a generous scoop.  The olive oil gelato was creamy and buttery from the olive oil.  I'm so glad I gave in and ordered it.  The espresso gelato had a rich coffee bean flavor.  

Service was excellent, and my water glass was never empty.  I can't wait to go back and try other pies and the honey marscapone gelato.
I first dined at Pizzeria Stella back when it first opened. As I was scrolling through food options in Doordash recently I came across Pizzeria Stella's listing and couldn't remember why I hadn't been back in all the years since it opened.  I decided to give it a try and place an order. 

I ordered a pepperoni pizza and a side order of meatballs. I ate the pizza as soon as it arrived.  It was covered in delicious pepperoni. But the crust was so thin and so limp that eating it was difficult with the weight of all the pepperoni. It took two hands to have any hope of holding a slice to eat it.  And there was not enough cheese.  An average pizza at best.  I saved the meatballs for the next day. They came with plenty of sauce so I cooked spaghetti to go with it.  The meatballs were huge and juicy but lacking flavor. They looked better than they tasted. The sauce was tasty so I guess the idea is to get all the flavor from the sauce. But I prefer the meatball to be flavorful too. 

I did devour every drop of the food I ordered but there was nothing about it to make me want to go back. Now I remember why I hadn't gone back since it first opened.
A little on the pricey side for a (somewhat personal sized) wood-oven pizza. But let me tell you, it was reeeeeally good. They definitely are using simple, quality ingredients. Great atmosphere too.
Known for their pizza, but don't overlook the rest of the menu!

I really enjoyed the calamari as an appetizer, and they have delicious homemade gelato. You HAVE TO TRY the olive oil flavor, it was a perfect taste & texture combination of rich and silky. 

A cool feature was that they had hundreds of bottle openers on their wall as decoration. It was fun looking at all the variations and it sparked cool conversations during dinner.
My boyfriend and I decided last minute to choose someplace for dinner, and Pizzeria Stella is two blocks from my apartment. This was my first Steven Starr restaurant and I have to say that despite the reputation I enjoyed myself and didn't feel robbed for small portions. 

There was a 10 minute wait for a table so we got a few drinks at the bar. The peach sangria was delicious with fresh sliced peaches and none of that overpowering peach schnapps taste. The bartender sold my boyfriend on some bourbon they had just gotten in, so I think she knew her stuff.

The waitress took time to explain the pizza menu and we went with the grilled octopus (potatoes, fennel, salsa verde) and the sausage pizza (red sauce, fresh mozzarella, pesto). The grilled octopus was delicious, if piled with a high fennel-to-octopus ratio. 

The pizza was good, but it could have been better: the crust of the pizza was light and browned on the outside but it was almost soggy in the middle. The ingredients were obviously fresh, but next time I think I'd try a different meat (the sausage was tasty with the pesto but nothing spectacular). These 12" pizzas are 6 large slices each, but since it's thin we finished feeling slightly less than full. That being said, three hours later I wasn't hungry so it was probably the ideal amount for a meal for two.

I can see myself coming back here to take advantage of the outdoor tables facing Headhouse Square.
Pizzeria Stella has real consistency.  I've dined here a number of times and the food is always tasty, the service is on point and the price is fair.

On my numerous visits, I've always been greeted by helpful servers. since the menu is very directed, it's not hard to figure out what you want and order it quickly.  Special point of mention, they are great with accommodating food allergies.  My wife has never had a problem eating here which is great because I like coming back.

The space of the restaurant isn't huge and that works well for them.  The pizza area is completely open so you can watch the pizzaioli at work.  The oven is very nice and they certainly know how to use it.  The pies come out blistered on top around the edges and have a thin soft/crispy crust.

We are blessed in Philadelphia with a glut of good pizza places now.  This wasn't the case years ago and I'm happy this trend has stuck around.
Pros:

- Everyone loved their pizza.  I was expecting a totally adequate pizza and instead got a damn fine pizza.
- They ask for your phone number so you can wander around and buy boots while waiting for a table.
- Our server was nice and took pretty good care of us.

Cons:
- A Friday night table for 5 took well over an hour (which i guess might not be THAT long in the restaurant world, but I was hungry!).
- You have to share giant tables with other people, which was fine when we were seated next to a group of nice people, but annoying when a bunch of screaming college kids sat down right before we left.  At least we didn't have to deal with them for long.
- What the hell is with their 11 oz cups?  The wait staff is busy enough without having to refill my water 4 times.  

I don't think it's worth dealing with the prime dinner time crowd.  I mean it's really good, but, ultimately, it's just pizza.  If you happen to be in the area when they're not filled to the brim, stop in for a pie.  If there's a ridiculous wait and you have a back up plan where there won't be (like, say, Lorenzo's), feel free to pass.
My favorite is hanging out at the bar and relaxing with a beer.  I'm a creature of habit and my latest addiction is the Grilled Octopus Salad.  For this type of weather, it's refreshing, light and so tasty that at one point I was there 4 times in a week and one of the sittings, I had two orders...yes two!  Oh and now that they've added the pasta dishes, they have my belly's full attention...pardon the pun.  The bartender's are great so sitting alone is lonely but if you don't feel like talking, there's a TV.
As a former restaurant employee, I absolutely HATED when people would walk in about a half hour until closing. So you could understand how nervous I was when we walked into Pizzeria Stella at 9:40 on Wednesday night to grab a quick bite. The staff was more than happy to seat us which alleviated my nervousness and set the dinner off on the right foot. 
We split the spinach pizza- the crust reminded me of what I ate in Rome- light and airy with a bit of crisp, but sturdy enough to hold our toppings. The melding of flavors between the spinach, tomato puree and pine nuts was exactly what we felt like. We couldn't decide between a white or red pizza and the puree satisfied both cravings at once. WIN. It is reasonably priced- mirroring the pricing of other great pizza places like Nomad and Zavino.
I would put PS in my top three gourmet pizza places in the city. The outdoor seating adds a nice touch with a great view of Headhouse Square.
Stella is FABULOUS!! My absolute favorite pizza place in the city. I cannot give enough stars. 

The tartufo is out of this world, closely matched by the pepperoni pizza and the marinara. Meatballs and calamari are also dream worthy. You will never be less than thrilled with any of these items!!!

The house wine are nice compliment for just about all of the dishes and the environment is lovely; lively and relaxed. Not to mention the cozy big pizza oven. I love Stella. I can't wait to go back and go back and go back.
Where are you tonight, my dream pizza?  

This is the pizza I have been searching for, lonesome as Fievel and twice as hungry:  thin, flavorful, tenderly blistered crust, sexy black leoparding on the bottom, and only the best ingredients scattered in expert proportions.  

The best pizza at Stella -- the must-get Pistachio with its namesake nuts, red onion and fontina cheese -- fulfills my fantasy.  Not so the red-sauced pizzas, which always seem soggy, 'cause the crust is so thin and delicate.  But anything minus red sauce is supremely satisfying.

A re-occurring beef I've had with Starr restaurants for many years now are the small -- nay, stingy -- alcoholic beverages.  The teeny pours of wine are served in tumblers, and cheap brews  like Birra Moretti are way spendy at $6.  My grumpy wallet forces me to stick with the plonkish house red for a only moderately rapacious $6.
Sweet dreamy cloud-like gnocchis.  Heaven in a bite.  Delicious calamari fried up with some tasty peppers.  Tender grilled octopus. Great wine selection.  Chewy perfect wood fired pizza crust.    

Service was ok.  A smile won't kill you I promise, especially when you spend this kinda money.  A bit pricey, but they only use top quality ingredients.  Good place to bring the kids but wished they had a kid size pizza on the menu.  

Manga Manga!!
Make no mistake this is a world class pizza place. In an effort to visit the top pizza places in Phila, this ranks right up there. 

In particular, the people working there were cool and passionate about their food. 

We were able to try the meatballs, the octopus, the margarita pie, the flatbread and the pepperoni pie. 

All were stellar!  Can't wait to go back and try the smoked sausage, we sat right by the oven and saw all of the delectable pies coming out of the oven. 

I wish they would have had a more extensive dessert list, but this was as good of pizza as I have had in the city. 

I don't have a reason that I didn't give a fifth star, everything was spot on...its my number two ranked pie in the city. Amazing!
Returned 4 months later and found my meal really enjoyable.  The service was better the pizza was great.  I convinced my friends that at least one of our pizza's HAD to be The Tartoufo, with black truffle and an egg on top, and it didnt let us down.  I could live on this one alone.  The others were really good but it's the tartoufo that has me hooked.
Hmm... ok. Dinner as a group of four was pretty fun at this open and spacious restaurant, but mostly due to the fabulously priced wine list - $12 for a carafe of house red, which yielded 3/4 glasses each time we ordered. We left happy and buzzed without breaking the bank, which is always a win.

As for the food, we weren't blown away, but perhaps had high expectations due to the "Best Meatballs in America" accolade that Pizzeria Stella received in the fall. The meatballs were good - not dry in the least (dry meatballs are the WORST) and flavorful. The one my friend cut into seemed to have a huge chunk of potato in the center, which was a bit puzzling, but we enjoyed it anyway. 

Our second appetizer, the calamari, was just OK. And the star of the show, the pizza, was just OK wood-fired pizza.. We had the Margherita, Pepperoni, and Tartufo (in order of most-enjoyed to least-enjoyed). I wish the egg on our Tartufo was set a little more because raw egg white can be a pretty off-putting taste/ texture and it was hard to eat with all the egg bits slipping around.

The service was just OK as well - our waitress was overly attentive at first and then hard to find later in our meal, but it was still a nice dining experience.
Once again, Starr's proclivity for going "Full Epcot" when it comes to designing an "ethnic" experience has been fulfilled yet again at Pizzeria Stella.  And, once again, the prices are simply too high.  AND, once again, he has chosen to ignore the city's love for the BYO (this would have been a great candidate).

BUT...

The food here is simple and excellent.  The pizza is tasty and inventive but with a true "old world" sense, my personal fave being the prosciutto/fresh arugula mix which is utter perfection.  And not to be missed are the arancini, deep fried risotto balls served in a red sauce, a traditional Italian appetizer that will disappear within seconds of hitting the table.  If there are more than two of you, make sure you order at least two servings.

I would happily bite my tongue when it comes to the prices and the overly buttoned-down suburbanite clientele and grant 5 stars to Stella if our Mr. Starr would simply make the switch to BYO.  The in-house wine selection at Stella is over-priced and surprisingly crappy.
Let me start by saying that I am a big Starr supporter and i frequent most of his establishments as often as I can. That being said, I was very excited for Pizzeria Stella to open. 

Two of us went to Stella on Saturday night at approx. 9:30 - the place was about half full. Atmosphere wasn't typical over-the-top Starr, which was kind of refreshing actually. After chatting it up with a close-by table we settled on the Sausage pizza and one beer and one wine. I won't make this story any longer than it has to be so here goes. Our waiter, Brandon, took about 7 minutes to come to the table after we sat down, is this being picky - maybe, but, c'mon 7 minutes with a half full place?? Pizza arrives at table by a manager, drinks still not there. We casually mention to the manger that we hadn't received our beverages. Call me critical, but from 4 years of being a waiter in college, if food would happen to get to a table before drinks I would have gone crazy and made sure the drinks got there asap - not Brandon. Even after I watched the manager tell him about us not getting the drinks it took another 4-5 minutes for them to arrive...wow.

One bright note - the pizza was amazing, hence the one star, if the pizza was bad I would implement a new zero star system on yelp specifically for this review.

So at this point, Stella has about a 3 star rating - then the check comes - and we were charged for double the drinks. Yes, you read right. After bringing this to Brandon's attention, he said that those were the 2nd round of drinks we ordered through the manager....aaaand we had to inform them that those drinks "ordered" through the manager were the first round we never got. Of course there was no apology, just some unfunny joke trying to brush it off.

So in conclusion, if you want to try Stella, get it to-go - I know I will.
Without meaning to, I ended up eating here with a date on a Tuesday at about 5:15pm. When we walked in it was empty except for the small army of servers in black. The first thing I noticed was that they had given Cosi's old space a more modern makeover, but somehow had made it seem cold and a bit cramped in the process.

Our waitress came right over to greet us and was super friendly and helpful throughout our meal. . We ordered the margherita and the pistachio pizzas. The crust was thin and tender and nor overly doughy and the cheese was just right, melty but not stringy. The nutty pistachio flavor on pizza was something I never expected and the experience made the trip worthwhile. The food ratio was just about right. My date ate his whole pizza (and was stuffed) and I took two pieces home.

We decided to splurge on the "secret recipe" gelato. It wasn't worth the $4 a scoop price tag. Buy a pint of Ben Jerry's at Wawa on your way out. I found it on the icy side and lacking that characteristic punch of flavor. Fine, but over-priced.

The atmosphere was loud and too cramped for my taste. Other diners wore a strange mix of casual, trendy, and business attire. Over all, the dining experience was fine. The food ranged from adequate to tasty, but at $45 for two sodas, two pizzas, and two scoops of gelato, I don't know that I plan on going back.
So as a Starr fan and a Pizza fan, I was pretty excited to check out Stella...its got a rockin location right off South Street thats easy to get too, and a cozy little atmosphere...I also found myself glad I didn't read the Yelp reviews until after I went as I thought it was better than a lot of my fellow yelpers did!
We went for a late weekday lunch and it was nearly empty, so the service was quick and really efficient (constant water refills rock!)
Anywho my friend and I split the simple yet awesome Asparagus appetizer....I never in a million years would have thought to put a Sunny Side Up Egg on Asparagus, but guess what...it WORKS.  Hints of Olive Oil and Lemon just tied it all together beautifully.
For our Pizza we chose the San Daniele (Smoked Mozzarella, Prosciutto, and Arugula)....the wood burning stove hit the thin crust with just the right flavor...The crust was thick enough that it was slightly doughy inside the crispy outer layer...The Prosciutto was also great and I would consider getting the Prosciutto meat appetizer alone next time.
For dessert we had the slammin' House made Gelatos (Pistachio and Blackberry).  The Pistachio came with fresh Pistachio crumbs on top along with one of the BEST pieces of Biscotti I've ever had...hell I would just order Biscotti from there next time without the Gelato if they just had a platter of those!
Anyways I'd definitely try another Pie down at Stella, so you should probably go try one too.
I don't remember where I read it, but this was on one of those Top 10 lists for 2009, so we decided to check it out.  We got there at 5:10 pm and were told that there was a 45 minute wait.  

There isn't really a bar area or waiting area, but they did take down our cell phone number and offered to call us when a table was free.  We walked the 1 block to South Street and we found a bar - Bridget Foys at 200 South Street - in which to have beers.  Had the restaurant had a bar, that is money we would have spent there.  

We went to check in and found that our "seats" were at a bar-like area, where all three of us basically faced the kitchen and pizza oven.  Not the best way for people to have a conversation.  We waited 45 minutes for this?  We were told it would be another 20 minutes for a table.  So we took the counter.  

We ordered a Sausage and a San Daniele pizza to split between the three of us.  It was more than enough, even though we were told that each pizza was a "personal" pizza.  We still had a few slices to take back.  

The pizzas were very tasty...just the right spice of the sauce...and the Sausage had just the right kick.  The crust was fabulous, nicely thin and chewy outer crust.  The smokey flavor from the wood oven made these pizzas among the better pizzas I have ever had.  

One great thing about our table, was the vantage point and watching the "conveyor belt" in which the pizza crew made the pizzas.  They were terribly efficient, each with their own task and passing it down to the next station to make each individual pie.  

There was a lot of attention to detail and it appeared clear that they worked as a well oiled machine.  Definitely this place has a great system in place and a good pizza to share.  Definitely, this was worth checking out.
The best thing about this place is the staff. They're friendly, helpful, and don't get flustered or rush you on a busy rainy night. 

But the food isn't quite good enough for the price tag. It's good, but not amazing. I'd describe the pizza as dainty; decent flavors and well made dough. I liked the simple margherita better than the spinach sundried tomato pizza; when I complained about the lack of sundried tomatoes halfway thru they did make me a new pizza.  

The chicken soup was very flavorful, but maybe a bit salty, and the arancini were yummy. I dig the casual vibe, even down to the stemless wine... cups. I think it'd be cool if they had a 'build your own' option.
Who trained Stephen Starr's servers?  It upsets me when the server takes my plate while other people at the table are clearly still eating.  This is rude.

Just a note: the inside of this restaurant is extremely loud.  It was uncomfortable.

Although slightly formulaic, the restaurant was well laid out and beautifully decorated.  As for the pizza, the dough was just right, the toppings were fresh, and the pizza was delicious.  Expect to pay $15-$20 per 14" pizza.

The hostess couldn't put our name in until everyone in our party was AT the restaurant.  I understand this is relatively standard, but they were not busy at all.  We would have drank dranks at the table while we waited... but you don't want our money? 

Lastly, if you yelpers attend with six or more people, ask to have check reprinted without the automatic 20% gratuity added.  Then tip 20%.
Stella pizza is pretty darn good.  I struggled with choosing 3 or 4 stars for this restaurant, but their pizza topping creativity(pistachio, specifically) earned them the 4.

The pizza crust is thin, with a relatively soft texture.  

The margherita pie was above average(but still doesn't hold a candle to Tacconelli's).  It was light on the cheese and topped with whole basil leaves, just how I like it.

The pistachio pie was surprisingly good, as the pistachio and sweet onions complimented each other very well.  It was a unique pizza and I would get it again.

The vongole pie is very good.  
Their service was attentive and friendly.

On a negative note, the pizzas are small.  My group was 3 people and 3 pies was just a tiiiiiny bit under what would've been satisfactory portions for all involved(and we're not exceptionally gluttonous).
Honestly haven't eaten here. Probably never will, and here's why... My girlfriend very sweetly asked a waiter if served any gluten-free pizza. He condescended, with all the attitude of the French waiter cliche, "Uh no, we only serve real pizza here." Perhaps we should have apologized for offending him with her illness?  Mr. Starr must be very proud of his staff indeed.
Stella has delicious pizza and drinks; however, the pizza is a little too thin. It was hard to pick up from the dish. I had to pick a slice with two hands to make sure that my pizza wasn't falling apart. 

The service was excellent! The price is at least $11+ a pie depending on what you want on it. They say it's a personal pie but it's like 12inches. So maybe that's what they call a personal pie.

Will come back again and recommend this pizzeria. It's in a cute area but parking isn't so great.
I went to Pizzeria Stella the other day for a afternoon meet with a couple of friends. We were discussion their flower selections for their upcoming wedding. Right away there was a problem, our server seems to be a little miffed that we were concentrating on flower photos and not the menu. We ordered 3 glasses of wine and 2 different pizzas. We continued to discuss the flowers and when our server returned to our table with our pizzas, she stood there holding the pizzas until we moved our photos out of the way before she put them on the rack. What an unbelievable attitude! It was mid afternoon and besides us I think they were 3 more people having a late lunch, which is why I didn't understand her poor attitude.
 We ordered our pizzas, one was a traditional pepperoni, and the other 1 was piled high with salad greens. The pizza dough was similar to Nomad pizza, without the flavor, and it was a little too chewy for me.
 All in all I think that the meal was a little too expensive for what we received and the service was horrendous- on purpose it seemed. I think I need to try it again, But I am NOT going to break my ne.ck getting back there.
This adorable place has the best atmosphere and food! After a long cold day of being outside in the Philly winter, we stopped by Strella for a warm dinner. I got the sausage pizza that was baked right in front of us in a huge wood oven. There was some pesto on the pizza that really gave it an extra kick in addition to the wood char flavor that was incredible. Even the heated leftovers were good!! For dessert we got both the olive oil and stracciatella gelato. Both were super creamy and delicious, I didn't expect to like the olive oil one because it seemed like a weird dessert flavor but the creaminess and balanced sweetness were incredible!
I came here for dinner with a friend on a weekday night, not crowded at all so there was no wait. Charming ambiance, and the food came pretty quickly.

The crust is certainly what makes Pizzeria Stella unique- it's thinner, crispier, more airy that in your typical pizza. I was quite pleased with this texture, but it seems like the crust is a very polarizing factor among other Yelp reviewers... not for everyone, I guess. 

We ordered the Tartufo and the Mushroom. I had heard great things about the Tartufo (black truffle, fontina, & parmesan - and the server will crack an egg over the top when it arrives at the table), but I was disappointed. The egg made the crust so soggy that the pizza fell apart- everything was muddled and not that tasty. I liked the Mushroom pizza (which comes with ham, mozerella, and garlic creme) better.

As for how much to order, I'd say 2/3 of a pizza is perfect for a moderately hungry individual. I just think that for the same price, you could get a tastier pizza for less money at plenty of other places around Philly. 

Pizzeria Stella is worth a try, but I'm not dying to come back.
Yummmmmmmmmmmmmm!!!!

I'm pretty surprised that there aren't more 5-star reviews on here.  I have trouble finding negative things to say about Stella.

I stopped in here with my family on our way over to the She and Him show.  I wanted to find a place that had good food, but in a casual setting.  Well, Stella was basically perfect for that.  Every single thing that we ate was positively delicious:

- Broccoli Rabe (appetizer):  We almost ordered a second one after polishing off this delicious dish in a matter of minutes.  Need I say more?
- Arugula Salad: Fresh, simple, crisp, perfectly dressed.
- Grilled Octopus: You'll notice that none of my reviews ever include seafood.  That's because all seafood is icky.  My dad seemed to like this dish, though.
- Caprese Salad: Fresh heirloom tomatoes, fresh mozzerella, olive oil and balsamic.  Yum.
- Spinach Pizza: Perfection.  Just the right amount of all the ingredients and the pine nuts were a nice touch.



**Disclaimer: we are all from the west coast, and, therefore, while we do enjoy a good slice now and again, we are not pizza aficionados like all you east coasters.  And we don't call them "pies"**


Not to mention the ambiance.  Starr restaurants always have undeniable emphasis on awesome ambiance, so it was nice to see that Starr was able to pull out a beautiful, but more casual and subtle environment.
Great wood fired Italian pizza. Had a hard time decided what to get - all look very delish and creative. We shared the red onion, pistachio and rosemary and it didn't disappoint. A few overly charred pistachios, but that's to be expected. Flavor and crust both amazing. 

I appreciated the huge selection of both red and white wine by the glass, even though they we're all a bit pricey, IMO. The Valpolicella was very good. Hubs had an Italian beer. 

Overall good experience, would come back!
So Sunday afternoon at 1pm we wandered in to a table at the ready. There were folks here, probably 2/3rds of the place was full, but we were surprise to find a seat so quickly based on what we had read.

We ordered the octopus and calamari appetizer, and I considered the marinated olives but we opted for a fourth pizza instead. 

The octopus and calamari was very good. Not a chewy bit in it, with olives, tomatoes, olive oil, onion, and, surprisingly, potatoes. It was very good and I'd order it again if I had someone to share it with. It's a hefty portion.

We ordered the margherita, pepperoni, piccante, and tartufo pizzas. For three very hungry people, these were almost completely eaten, with three slices left to bring home.

The margherita was my favorite. The papery thin yet crispy crust, tart tomatoes, and rich cheese simple yet delicious. 

The pepperoni was very good, reminding me of old school handmade neighborhood pie. The tiny slices adorned the pizza plentifully and had cooked into little dish like retainers of flavor. Yum.

The piccante was also very good, and my son's favorite. With just enough heat to give it kick without overwhelming the generous portion of capicola.

Finally, the tartufo. Very good, with the egg yolks broken tableside and smeared over the pie. There's no missing the black truffle either. Overall, very good but apparently mine alone, as everyone else with me was too squeamish to eat the raw egg! 

Service was perfect and precise, and we were in and full and out in under thirty minutes. Some of the tables are a bit close together, and beware the common tables. Why you ask? Small humans eating pizza aren't too careful where they place their hands. I watch one young'un place a saucey paw onto an older ladies fur coat while we were there. If it's fake, it will wash out. If not, she deserved it for wearing fur. If it were a young couple on a date, that could have been a problem. 

Four pies, an appetizer, three drinks and a bottle of water were ~$80, so it's not cheap. If we had ordered liquor - wowzers.

But everything looks good. I think Starr has another winner hear and as long as the quality doesn't tank, as so often it does a few months after opening here in Philly, I'll make Stella one of my routine stops.
Pizzeria Stella was great all around. I had some of the best margherita pizza and calamari that I've ever had here. Cute rustic environment too! Good wine selection...not overwhelming but lots of choices. I'd recommend it and would come back.
I see that Pizzeria Stella is a favorite to many but I will have to pass. My coworker raved and raved about this place...I don't know why lol. I love pizza, it wasn't bad but have I had better at a less expensive price, absolutely! And then the price that they charge for the amount of alcohol they serve is laughable. The $6 1 scope of the honey mascarpone gelato was good. I will not be returning.
I apologized to the person at the front podium for being an hour late to pickup my order. Those were the only words I spoke.  He smiled and said, "y'know what, if you're willing to wait a few minutes, I would like to remake this for you. I want you to really see what we can do with a pizza!" I was shocked. A few minutes later I was out the door with a PERFECT meal. I found a sunny spot and ate one delicious slice and felt so much better. 

Here was someone who took pride in their job, their work team, their product and in customer service - authentically. Not forced or from a script - he actually cared if my dumb single pie little takeout order was enjoyed.  My day has been getting better ever since. My reciept said Christopher, he had dark eyes and a dark beard.  Mr Starr - this guy is a gem.
This was one of the best. Nicely charred crust and the sausage and pesto had a nice kick. Had the special heirloom salad with really really good ricotta and herbs. In a word - delightful.
ya mon.

Me and the babe ordered two pies and devoured them as if it were a contest.  Actually, I think the restaurant is running some kind of contest for churning out the pizzas as fast as possible.  It literally took about 3 minutes for each pie to come out.  Regardless feeling rushed, the place has fresh ingredients, awesome dough and Moretti beer.  I will return.
I hate when places get a lot of press early since I like going when they have just opened to scope it out and lay the foundations for an opinion. Starr joints are tricky because of this, but I wanted to go to Stella before they 'nailed it' so I could get a good feel for the place. I think Stella will nail it, but it isn't quite there yet.

I went with six friends last week and we were all there for the pizza, so the 7 of us spitting 6 pies (and one order of octopus/squid salad) was perfect (though bigger eaters might disagree). The margherita received the most first place votes but the prosciutto and arugula pizza was favored as well. I didn't try the sausage pizza but everyone said it was a bit bland. The clam pizza was good, but Slice's is better. My favorite was either the eggplant or the margherita; both were simple and tasty.

Now, the crust. People have been raving about the crust so naturally there were some expectations. While it was well cooked (a bit undercooked in some instances I thought. I like a lightly blackened crust), it was not particularly tasty. It was bland and kindof dull in my opinion. I much prefer Osteria's pizza dough (and Osteria's pizza to be honest).

And yes, it is a bit spensivo, but not ridiculously so. But if you are going to a Starr restaurant and expecting an inexpensive bill, then you ain't from around here....Also, as my very pregnant sister very accurately noted, 'this place is like a Pizza Hut for yuppies'. I could not believe the number of children in there, it was insane. Thankfully the place is loud enough so none stood out for the wrong reasons, so if you have kids: Stella is very kid friendly. 

Service was excellent for those who like dealing with professionals.
We have gone to Pizzeria Stella from the day it opened.  We are also a couple who have sought out the best pizza restaurants throughout the country and in Europe.  From Pizziola in the Bay Area to Pizzeria Bianco in Phoenix to so many places in NY.  Stella stands up to each of them.  I was worried about a year ago that the initial superb quality of Stella's pies was declining.  Not so anymore.  Last night we were there with two pizza mavens from NY and California and they thought the quattro formaggio was equal to the one they had had in Naples.  The Pistachio continues to be an inspired revelation.  The Tartufo is second to none.  Finally, we had the gelato (Olive Oil and Choc-chip) and, my goodness, did it blow us away, esp the Olive Oil.  Utterly unique.  Stella continues to be one of the three or four best pizza restaurants in Philadelphia.
Came here on a beautiful Sunday afternoon. We sat outside because the weather was perfect. We were almost immediately attended to and our server was really nice.
My friend is vegetarian so we went with the flat bread for appetizers. For mains we got the Margherita Pizza with pesto and garlic. The service was super quick as mentioned in some of the reviews and the pizza didn't disappoint! :)
Finally got over to Stella for an early dinner before dropping off the boyfriend and his mom at Sir Paul's Wacho.. er.. Wells Fargo Center show. (Stella McCartney connection discovered just now, this very second, I swear.) 

Things I loved: 
--The SIZE of the place -- no waiting, no smooshedness, music not too loud for easy conversation. 
--The server. I don't know her name, but our sweet, tattooed waitress was super friendly and lovable without ever being overbearing or chatchy (even though she could probably get away with it, given this is a Starr jam)
--The house wine! A nice glass of white wine for under $6 is surprisingly hard to find 'round here.
--The back bar, which looks like a fun place to spend a happy hour

Our party of four split:
--The marinated olives (big huge fan of the greens; some blacks were a little squishy/over-ripe, but still tasty)
--The salumi mixto app, which comes with rosemary bread (GET IT)
--The San Daniele (prosciutto and smoked mozz with basically an arugula salad on top)
--The Polpette (meatballs on a pizza! zomgz!)

I wanted dessert but could not handle dessert -- even though their homemade-gelato offerings of the day included fresh basil. Oh well.

Next time I want to go the Pistachio/Tartufo/Gelato route. Who's with me?
It seems that in Philly people are drawn towards rustically crafted, Neapolitan style pies. This works quite well for me, for I'm a cheap lay for live fire pizza as I've mentioned in my review of Zavino. Stephen Starr has apparently cashed in on the trend, so Stella has become a go-to upscale pizza spot in Philly, mainly due to the fantastic topping offerings.

Crust is my favorite part about Neapolitan style pizza, and Stella disappointed me a bit. I expected a bubbly, amorphous crust that yielded a different experience with each bite, instead a fairly uniform looking pie appeared before me. There was a bit of ash around the rim of the crust but not the heavy char that I love. While the exterior was pleasantly crisp it yielded to a slightly too soft and fluffy interior. The crust wasn't bad by any stretch of the imagination, it was merely too puffy and not crispy enough to merit perfection.

But the toppings? Man, oh man, I'm going to have dreams about these flavor combinations. Greens roasted to absolute perfection, delicately charred vegetables, fresh cheeses and quality meats meld together to create astonishingly complex, layered flavors and textural contrasts. The salty fat of the pancetta beautifully melts onto the mild mozzarella which complimented the earthy, almost creamy roasted kale and tangy-sweet onion on my Pancetta pie. The Pistachio pie's creamy, nutty fontina pairs excellently with crisp, vibrant red onions and crunchy pistachios. The Tartufo defies explanation, it's simple and classy. It's like the classically beautiful girl that went to your high school who got straight A's and was seemingly immune to the boorish jocks, except in pizza form, if that makes sense.

It probably doesn't, but the point is whoever crafted Stella's topping combinations knew what they were doing. On a different note, Stella offers plenty of seating and a rather casual ambiance. Stella is an unusually restrained Starr restaurant and thus feels organic and welcoming without beating you over the head with style over substance. It's all about the food here, so go for some great topping experiences and a casual, relaxed vibe.
Ordered UberEATS delivery from here a while ago. Expensive, but I'd say tasty enough for a possible reorder. Got the seafood bucatini, gem Caesar salad and an UberEATS freebie of arancini. You can never go wrong with arancini and theirs was pretty bomb. Bucatini was still perfectly al dente upon delivery, and super flavorful, spiced nicely with some type of fennel perhaps. I was just a little disappointed in the salad because for some reason I got it completely undressed? It was just dry romaine with some radishes, nothing indicating it's a Caesar salad, so I had to dress it in all I had at home which was lemon and oil. I would love to try the pizza from here someday, and their outdoor seating is prime Headhouse Square charm.
Stopped by around 1:30pm on a Monday and it was packed. 30-40 minute wait for a table. 10 min wait for a take-away order. So I got the Tratufo and Pistachio to go. 

The Tratufo was permeating sensual aromas of truffles from 5 feet away as I picked it up and even pedestrians I was passing on the sidewalk seemed to notice it. If I could, I would bottle this aroma up as an aftershave. Don't get me wrong, for under $20, I am realistic about the actual amount of true black truffles used, but whether it was truffle mash or oil, the flavors and certainly the aromas were there. Highly recommend it.

Next, I tried the pistachio with red onion, which I originally had at Bianco's in Phoenixville (considered the be the best pizza purveyor in the US). This version was pretty good and though it has been a few years, it was pretty close to the one I remembered from Bianco's.

Both pizzas had the tell-tale leopard blistering of a wood burning oven, leaving the super thin crust crispy yet tender and chewy. So, if you are in the area, try it - Stella is certainly worth a shot.
Left feeling very stuffed - which is always a good sign, but service and overall quality were good, not great. We ordered a bunch of appetizers and two mains since we were starving not having eaten since breakfast. I asked the server if it was too much or too little and she said we could probably order another appetizer -- turned out to be way too much food, but you live and learn.

Appetizers were the highlight -- meatballs, ricotta, and a special mozzarella deep fried with sweet tomato sauce (delicious.) The mains were less impressive - a small portion of crab gemelli felt off, not sure why -- something about the flavors did not meld well - perhaps too much onion or garlic. I will say the lump crab meat served with the dish was amazing. My husband was much less impressed with the gnocchi with andouille  sausage -- the latter belonging in creole cuisine, IMO -- and not Italian. 

We asked about gelato and how they would be served -- our server said each flavor would be served in one scoop -- so we were thinking one dish with three small scoops. We received three separate dishes each with three huge scoops -- way too much for two people -- and again, I wish she had suggested two servings max for us or even one.  She also made an error with the drink order -- nothing major there of course, but overall service could be improved. 

We left spending almost $140 for two which was a lot for a casual restaurant. 

Tip: stick with pizza and make room for gelato. Your tummy and wallet will thank you!
The family and I walked into Stella's around 8 yesterday evening, there were 7 of us. The hostess sat us right away, from there the waiter and waitress didn't acknowledge us or even  make eye contact with us. After 20mins with not even a glass of water we decided to leave, as we were getting up the waiter decided to acknowledge that we even existed, too late! We took our business elsewhere.
I might add that it wasn't even busy, which had it been I would have completely understood. The lack of service was just so unnecessary.
There's too many excellent places to eat in that area that have great food to settle for crappy service.
I liked it here, but wasn't blown away. It was pretty pricey compared to other luxury pizza spots throughout the city, which is a turnoff. I don't mind spending a bit extra if the quality is also extra, but that just wasn't the case. 

The whipped ricotta was very tasty and we got 4 pizzas - pep, marg, four cheese, and then one with prosciutto and arugula (I love arugula).  All just ok. Nothing out of this world and nothing to write home about. I will say I got the vanilla gelato with chocolate shavings for dessert - amazing!!! Best part of the din!  Also the wine list is just ehhh.

I HATE that they don't take ressy's. It is 2019, what gives???? We didn't have an issue on a Tues. night but it's just bizarre to me. I knocked down a whole entire star for that lol. 

Great location though! I love Olde City!!!!
We love this Neapolitan-style pizza spot in Headhouse Square.

Our go-to pizza is the Tartufo, you can't go wrong with black truffle, fontina cheese AND A FLIPPIN' FRIED EGG on top!  Seriously so decadent.

For pasta as an app, my choice is always the insanely simple Pomodoro.  Some of the best spaghetti I've ever had.

This week is Restaurant Week but Stella does "Pizza Week."  For $25 you get an antipasti, a pie and gelato.  You can do it per person or share, as my fiance and myself did.  We tried the sheep's milk ricotta for the 1st time tonight and it was awesome!  Great for dipping your crusts after the pizza.  The gelato was heavenly.

One of our favorite spots in the city.
As I find in most Stephen Star restaurants, the service was very good. But I was not impressed with the food. Quality of food was very average and just nothing special. There is much tastier pizza options in the area for much less. They have 13 pizza options and the pizzas mostly range from $13 to $16 but they are a bit small. 1 pizza is not enough for two hungry adults. We ordered two appetizers and a pizza and it was just the right amount of food for 2 people. I am also not a big fan of meat on my pizza and most of the pizza options had meat. I am not a vegetarian but I prefer more veggie options for my pizza. I won't be back. I rather pick up an enormous slice at Lorenzos for $3. Or you can get a large delicious Sicilian pizza at Santuccis for the same price as a tiny pizza at Stella. The atmosphere is nice and there is outdoor seating but I care too much about the quality of the food to come back.
I kind of felt like I was cheating on Zavino last night. 
But my Midtown Village fave need not worry, while I love it at Stella their location doesn't lend itself to nearly as frequent visits. HA! 

But back to Stella - - I had another great dinner here and it is surely a place I will return. After being seated by an open window on a lovely warm evening, we started off with some glasses of house wine, grilled asparagus topped with a fried egg and a crunchy, fresh salad with romaine, cucumbers, mint and more. The crispness of the asparagus with the smooth creaminess of the fried egg was perfect. And although I am never a fan of mint in my meals, it really worked in this salad. 

Pizzas were both meat-free this time - spinach and tartufo. 
The spinach on the spinach pizza was sauteed perfectly and that combined with the little snap of the pine nuts made for a great combo. I had to talk one of my fellow diners into trying the tartufo. I am still not sure if the others enjoyed it, but I know i did! Seriously, how can you not pick something with (yet another) fried egg? The server does a nice job with presentation of this one...they crack the yolk table-side and swirl it over the top of the pizza. It begs to be devoured. Important to note, if you don't love the flavor of truffle, don't choose this one! The flavor is strong and not for all. 

Dessert was house made gelato - stracciatella for me (vanilla w/chocolate shavings), hazelnut and lemon for my companions. The perfect amount and sweetness to top off our dinner. 

The restaurant is open and breezy and the staff is friendly and helpful. Definitely a place to return again and again and bring friends who like to try and share. On my next visit, I am planning to sit outside and try one of the Italian "sodas" - cocktails inspired by classic Italian soda flavors.
Going to preface this by saying we arrived with a stroller and two hangry under 4 year olds. 

They got us in quickly shortly after 5 and were so accommodating. They secured our stroller away, got us a kid seat and set up a booster. Even though our children were unfortunately next level angry everyone was very nice and you can tell they do this quite often. Food came out quick and was great. Had a sausage pizza, an heirloom salad and beer. Wish we could have stayed longer but we had to make a quick exit.
As soon as I stepped into Stella I had a smile on my face. 'Last train to London' by Electric light Orchestra was playing on the speakers. In fact, it seemed as if the theme was 'Best of the 70s and 80s' all night.

After the song was over I came back to reality and got down to business. I was hungry for pizza and Steven Starr's take on a pizzeria was on the menu. I chose Stella because I was actually avoiding Super Bowl fever and I noticed from walking by that they do not have any televisions. It was perfect, there were only 3 other tables in the whole restaurant.

Dining for two at Stella was satisfying. We ordered the sheep's milk ricotta as an appetizer. I asked for extra flat bread because the large bowl of cheese was only served with four pieces. We also ordered the Piccante pizza because as soon as I saw cappicola as a topping I was sold.  The waitress asked us if it was our first time at Stella. She went on to explain how the pizza is small and they recommend one pizza per person. I considered ordering another pizza, but I just ate half of an enormous bowl of ricotta....so we passed on the second pizza. The Piccante is delicious and I highly recommend it.

Thankfully both of us were full from the appetizer and one pizza. It was a very satisfying meal along side of the Dogfish Head Indian Brown Ale that I couldn't resist. The waitress (of course) highly recommended the gelato for dessert. We were both full from the cheese and pizza and declined. I was actually expecting the bill to be more than it was. $35 for people isn't too pricey, especially for dinner.

If you're in the mood for pizza that is a little more complex than the normal pizzeria I'd recommend Stella. At least for the music they play!
Our last meal in Philly had to be something other than a Philly Cheesesteak.   Sorry you can have to many.
This gem was right around the corner from our VRBO.
We started out with the Arancini (Risotto balls) in a yummy marinara sauce. 
We opted for the wood fire pizza with a white sauce, ricotta salata, prosciutto and arugula. 
We finished the whole thing if that says anything. 
My daughter got pasta with Blue crab (Buicati)  which won an Award this year.  It proved it was well deserved.
I enjoyed some Limoncello to sip during dinner.
A positive for this place is they offer 1/2 portion of all pastas!!!
Nice setting in Society Hill, but decidedly average pizza. Given that Philly has recently become the Pizza Connoisseur's Paradise, it's difficult NOT to be Uber critical about it. Service was good, beer selection poor. Crust was not chewy enough. More of a flatbread? There's not too much to say about this place except that it's in a beautiful location and probably won't be a crowd DISpleaser...but if you're looking for a place that stands out, I'd skip it.
Great outdoor seating! Came here with 6 of my friends and we were able to get a table outside with no wait. The service was great, they also have a good wine selection. We started with calamari which was good but nothing special. We got the burrata cheese with flatbread which was good and enough for 6 people, only downfall is they give you like no bread for all the cheese. But our waitress brought us more before we had to ask. We split some pizzas, the mushroom one was good but the arugula one was my favorite. Overall good dining experience I would go back!
This is not your average pizzeria.  It is a Steven Starr restaurant, which means it caters to an upscale, hard to please customer base and it has to work for its laurels.  Then the location in Headhouse Square in the middle of one of the most historic residential areas in North America.  And just a block and a half to the South Street compilation of punk rockers and partying students...  Which means a cacophony of personalities...  Then there was the food... Outstanding.  We entered to celebrate a couple's anniversary along with two other couples, and left both happy and satiated.  Their pizzas are the thin-dough kind, easier on the nutrition-conscious.  We tried the superb Quattro Fromaggi, a succulent Prosciutto and Arugula pie, their Pistachio, and finally a Spinach pizza. The appetizers included a superb flat bread with a ricotta dip and a mouth-watering octopus salad. Travis, our waiter, was a tornado of activity and provided outstanding service, making the evening even better.  Their gelatos are superb, and my only recommendation is to have a dessert like sorbet or something akin for the growing number of lactose allergic or lactose intolerant customers.  Their espresso was awesome.  

And of course, al fresco dining in Headhouse Square so you can bring your furry friend.  Excellent restaurant....
We started with the Salumi Mixto antipasti it came with hot coppa, prosciutto, felino and flatbread. This was a good choice. The pizza here is razor thin so you can eat a ton without feeling stuffed. And it is pretty good, we had a variety of pies, Margherita nice flavor tasty, Sausage, Zucchini, Spinach all very good. I also tried the Broccoli rabe different twist good texture and good tasting. It helped having a local here with us as he knew the menu well. Good choice, good food, good service. Worth stopping by if your in the area.
Unlike Starr's other restaurants (think Buddakan & Morimoto), this one is less fancy and more down to earth. Don't get me wrong-- the pizza was superb (we had the sausage and added ricotta from our appetizer) and anything but average, but the atmosphere is more laid back and relaxed.

As a connoisseur of pizza crust, I found theirs to be exceptional.

The wait staff is attentive and soft spokenly nice.

Stella is a great place to grab a bite and enjoy the outdoors in a charming neighborhood. Would definitely recommend outdoor seating if available.

One small problem we had were aggressive drivers constantly honking their horns at the intersection next to the restaurant. It was somewhat obnoxious but can't be helped, I suppose.
Among Steven Starr's universe of restaurants you'll find Stella, his Society Hill pizzeria. While places like Buddakan and Prime are at the top, unfortunately, this place graded out toward the bottom last night.

First, when we arrived around 8PM, there were several empty tables but we were told we had to wait. So we headed to the bar and had Makers Mark Old Fashioned's. A two ounce pour per drink gets you a 25 dollar bill for two - center city pricing. The young bartender did a good job aswe watched Villanova shoot their way into the NCAA finals. It was generally nice except for the guy at the end of the bar who kept trying to insert himself into our conversation, even coming up to us with a photo on his phone. 

We ended up ordering our food in the bar as we were hungry and Mr Chatty left. 

We started by ordering the angry shrimp and calamari to share. The shrimp was disappointing. Not fiery, not special. And what was with the chickpeas? It must have been chickpea night in the kitchen as the chopped salad was full of them as well. The salad also had potatoes aplenty - I guess that's their take on the dish but I prefer something else like more lettuce.

The pizza we ordered was the margarita. It was ok. Not bad but nothing special. Considering there's a far better pizza at Nomad right off 7th and South - a good stones throw from Stella - it was disappointing. 

When you get a bill for over 100 bucks for,at best,average food,you gotta move on. I expected better from SS.
I've been to Pizzeria Stella a handful of times and it definitely does not disappoint!  The pizzas seems simple, but you can tell a lot of thought was put into each one to come up with not-so-typical combinations of ingredients.  That being said, the Tartufo is hands down the best pizza on the menu.  The pie comes out of the oven with an egg cooked on it, then the server uses a spoon to smear the yolk over the entire pizza.  It's fantastic!  

I definitely recommend checking this place out!  It's worth it!

Tip:  Pizzeria Stella does not accept reservations.  Though, if you're planning to go with a large group you can call ahead to give them a heads up (oh hey, kind of like a reservation).
Just off of Headhouse Square and away from the touristy part of South Street lies Stephen Starrs newest addition -- Pizzeria Stella.  I met up with friends here on a Friday night, thinking we would have to wait more than 30 minutes for a table since we arrived at the prime dining hour.  Much to my surprise, my friends were already seated.  Tables on the perimeter of the restaurant are good for parties of up to four whereas the tables in the center of the restaurant are long like in a family dining room.  As such, our party of three sat at the end of one of these long tables where we could rub shoulders with another party and take surreptitious glances of what they ordered.  Depending on where you are seated, you can also get a nice view of the open kitchen.  

Pizzas are delivered to the table as soon as they come out of the oven, as such, it goes well for staggering a shared meal.  

Service was fine: I didnt even notice that my water glass was full every time I took a sip.  As soon as I finished my beer, our waitress was quick to ask if I desired another.   

Our eyes made a bee line to the pizzas, skipping over the appetizers.  We each ordered a pie: pistachio, spinach, and tartufo (black truffles and a cracked runny egg on top).  The pistachio was the best of the three we ordered.    While we decided to change venue for dessert, the gelato flavors that evening rivaled that of Capogiro:  olive oil gelato?  Wow.  

Oh did I mention that its apparently a very baby-friendly place?  Patrons that evening were not reluctant to bring in their infants and toddlers.  

Service was top-notch that evening.... I wonder if it had anything to do with the proprietor himself -- Mr. Starr -- being there schmoozing at the bar.
Delicious food! The ricotta spread was to die for. Our bartender, Canyon (spelling?) was friendly and created a st germain cocktail just for me. I really liked the bottle openers displayed on the walls. I only experienced this spot during a low key weekday around 6pm.
