No frills pizza joint currently taking walk-ups only. Ordered the plain pie, was told it would be 30 mins, and it was ready on time. Thin crust, tasty sauce, cheese, and EVOO with an upper crust that was a bit charred. A tad pricey for $4/slice and $22/pie but overall, it's a solid choice if you're in the neighborhood.
How can delicious pizza leave a bad taste in your mouth? So bad that I will never give this place my business again? Read on and I will explain.

Several months ago I saw a video of a place called Pizza Shackamaxon posted on Facebook. The person in the video gave it a pretty decent review so I decided to give it a try. It's far from me. About 40 minutes away, but I will travel for delicious food.

First time I tried it I was a little put off by the prices. $4 for a regular slice. $4.50 for a pepperoni, and $5 for a speciality slice. Expensive, but I tried it anyway. The pizza was good. I liked it. But it was still overpriced in my opinion. Doesn't matter. I ended up coming back to this place several times a week over the next few months. I usually order 3 slices at a time, a few days a week. Yeah I spend a lot here. Several hundred dollars a month on pizza slices lol.

I've read reviews on Yelp from people saying the owners were rude. I always saw them as being slightly pushy, but never to a point that it bothered me... until today.

I went in and ordered 2 slices of pepperoni and one specialty slice. In the past I've always just let them give me any slice they choose, even if it had a ton of burnt crust or air bubbles on it. I've never said anything about it. Well today one of the slices he cut off for me was really burnt on the crust. I hate pizza like that, so for the first time since going there I asked if I could have a different slice. 

And here was his response:

"Look, man. We're not going to do this every time for you", with an angry look on his face.

I had to take a step back and think about what just happened. I'm from Philly and I'm ok with Philly attitude, but what the F just happened here? 

I told him that I spend $50+ here a week and I have never asked for a different slice before. I asked him what the problem was. He told me that he "wanted to be fair to the other customers and I can't just pick the larger slices and get them." I told him that I didn't like burnt crust and wanted a piece without it and he said, "oh I thought you just wanted bigger pieces." He didn't apologize. He didn't care. I was completely shocked.

First off, for $5 a slice I should be able to pick any damn slice I want. You see me in there multiple times every week spending lots of money and I'm always kind and cheerful. Never rude. Never needy. I order my slices, take what they give me even if they are bad looking slices or smaller, and I leave with a smile and say thank you.

No "sorry". No "my bad". Just attitude. That's how they appreciate me.

Well I'm going to miss the slices I got here. I will not be giving them any more of my money. I will do my best to spread the word about what kind of d-bag this guy was to me. I guess they don't care, though. Heck, they even have a sign inside on the wall that says "SORRY WE'RE MEAN".

Maybe it should say "Sorry, we are unappreciative a$$holes.

RIP Pizza Shackamaxon. That attitude won't get you very far in the world we live in today.
Pizza by the slice in the humble ghost kitchen of Beddia's. This reincarnated pizza shop is located in the holy space vacated by the Pizza King himself. And yet they manage to fill those behemoth shoes! These Pizza Shackamaxon guys have done an amazing job. Honestly, the pizza is phenomenal. Here's why it's better than its predecessor:
1) Accessibility. It's open wed-sat from 12-8 on W/Th and 12-10 on Fri/Sat. You can buy by the slice and there's no obnoxious line.
2) They're super friendly and they Let You Use Credit Cards, like every other sane business owner out there! 
3) The crust is to die for. Crisp, not oily, not too salty, slightly charred.
4) The tomato sauce is not sweet. It's a perfect medley of crushed, not-too-tart tomatoes. 
5) Their "special" slices are ridiculously good. They make the best caramelized onions I've ever had on a pizza. 

In short, this place is a blessing to the neighborhood. It's mostly take-out, they only sell slices (no drinks, but there is free water) and you don't have to wait three hours and buy a whole pie. Regular slices $4, special $5. Go now!!!
I would like to preface this by expressing that I did not dine in here rather I saw this under a recommendation of philly pizza which I had shown my wife months back on yelp. I scrolled through many pictures and read reviews so I had to try it since pizza is my favorite food. However, I was highly disappointed. For the expensive $4.00 price tag for a plain slice of pizza, not only was the tomato sauce bland but the pizza was very much burned. A pie runs for about $24.00 so if you intend to test it out first I would recommend you buying a slice. I could not recommend this place to any one.
If I was judging on looks alone this pie would be a 9.7! But, I have to be fair and rate it from first to last bite.

Saturday evening it was fairly slow with a 30 minute wait for our large pie. We came back 25 minutes later from a lovely walk around Fishtown and noticed the pizza was sitting. Meh.

Pizza in the car was the play. And yes, I originated it. 
This is a gorgeous pie no doubt about it. Cooked perfectly, golden cheese and grated parm to top it off.
The pizza is on the thicker side, I wouldn't necessarily say thick tho, and was very oily. You can tell the ingredients are fresh. Definitely some Fishtown flop.

I emotionally wanted this pizza to be better. I scored a 7.9 which I thought was fair and Jess went 7.5.not going out of our way to visit here but would have a drink and grab some slices. It was such a rollercoaster of emotions from a delicious bite to a mediocre one. Doesn't crack my top ten in Philly.
Still thinking about this pizza I ate the other night. Perfect spot to grab a slice in fishtown. I came here at around 5:30-6 on a Wednesday. We had to wait a little because they didn't have slices of the special and they cooked one fresh. I walked over to palmer park to sit and they were still hot! Perfect crust, thin but not floppy. The slices were huge, definitely one slice is enough for a normal person, two if you're really hungry. I ended up getting the special white. It had globs of ricotta and garlic with a basil crema. The flavor was magical and the crust was thin and crispy. I highly recommend this pizza to anyone around!
Pizza was good but the staff was very rude to us. They made us feel uncomfortable and it was a really weird situation. I wouldn't recommend coming here and I definitely won't be back. FYI, they have prices listed for whole pies but the staff says "one slice per person."
I first came across this pizza place in philly critic review mentioning they were trying to be good pizza without the exclusive attitude of the original Pizzeria Beddia. I thought I would try it out since I love pizza. I arrived with friends and purchased a pie. During the transaction the manager or person that seemed to be in charge awkwardly emphasized how lucky we were to receive our pie. Ok I thought, maybe I got the last one. When we all finished, we noticed they brought out another pie to serve as slices. We each had one slice with the first pie and wanted more. As we walked up to buy more, other customers walked in. We were quickly told that we needed to let the other customers have a chance to get a slice first for "ethical reasons." Once we figured out that the other guests were given their allotted slices we asked if we could have the remaining 3 slices. We were then told that they were open for another hour and that the remaining slices were for other guests. When we asked for further explanation the staff mocked us claiming they only sold single slices to customers....despite their menu board pricing out whole pies. The conversation went on and the staff continued to be rude, asking our names and telling us to have a nice evening in a sarcastic way. Seriously, all we wanted was to buy some pizza. I'm sorry but it wasn't good enough to put up with this behavior. There are so many other great options and this place is awkwardly trying too hard to be exclusive
This weekend we tried their Mikes Hot Honey, Burrata, Blistered Grape Tomato, Tomato/Cream Base

Trying to really capture that sweet and savory vibe with a slice would be everything. 

Well, they have DELIVERED!  I'm from Brooklyn, NY, so when I say pizza is good I'm giving you high quality ppl!
They delivered with a crunchy crust, delicious cheese, flavorful sauce, and that nice subtle hint of honey. 
There's zero doubt that they knocked it right out of the park; damn right delicious! 

@breeeeezy_sbd
Went tonight after hearing from everyone how great it is. The pizza was good but the staff was a joke. Rude and incompetent. They have no clue how to run a pizza shop. Do yourself a favor and take a drive up the road for circles and squares- better pizza and better staff
The guy making pizza is in the worst mood at all Times and it shows in the quality of the pizza. Extremely light with a thick layer of grease for $4 per slice. Expect to hear about how much of a bad mood the guy making pizza is. Will not go there again. Horrible experience.
Best pizza of my life, it's truly magical. Go eat it. Also, they were super polite and kind.
I'm a New Yorker so I know good pizza.  The pizza here is really good with a delicious crust that is unique BUT this establishment looses 3 stars because they are not sanitary and pose a health risk to all those that eat here.  The cashier in the front (pink hair) handles your pizza with his bare hands AND in the same swoop he collects your dirty money.  You read it correct, he's both the server and the cashier.  GROSSSSS!!!  When I told him "you know you're wrong for handling the money and the food", he took a long pause and said "well what do you want, them to hire a separate person just to handle the money?".  I said Yes! or use gloves....DUH!!!!
SO sad to say this because I had such high hopes for this place, but it is by far one of my least favorite pizza places in Philly. It's a very small place, so I'd plan on doing take out, not eating there. They also don't have a phone so you can only order there which is a little annoying. The guys working there were FANTASTIC. Such personalities and so genuine. 

Anyways after waiting 45 minutes for the pizza, I was underwhelmed by the taste. I can't pin point what it was but the cheese just had such an odd taste to it. I don't think they use just mozzarella. I know people who LOVE this place but the taste just wasn't for me. Even though I personally didn't like the pizza, I recommend trying this place for yourself!
I love the tomato pie here. The times I've gone, I've managed to not encounter long lines. It was incredibly convenient to grab a reasonably-priced slice of ridiculously well-made pizza ($3 for tomato pie) that somehow holds up to its made-to-order whole-pie counterparts. After walking around all day, it was really satisfying to bite into one - rich, tomato sauce with the perfect ratio of ingredients, a pillowy focaccia-like base, and charred crust that in some parts almost tastes lightly caramelized. Sometimes simple is better.

There's really a niche for this really fantastic quality grab & go, when sometimes I want instant gratification and don't want to deal with the time and expense of a sit-down restaurant, commit to a whole pizza/the wait, etc. I generally have an aversion to pizza that's been sitting out and reheated, but the narrow opening hours and good oven seem to be part of the trick to avoiding the issue. Make no mistake though - there are tons of whole-pizza orders. It's best to come earlier if you plan to order multiple pizzas, since they make a fixed number and are also considerate of how many people are in queue.
Ah, Pizza Shackamaxon- you play so hard to get, but it just makes me love you more! Wait in line for 15 minutes, half of it outdoors? Sure. Be told that a plain pie will be a 45-minute wait even though it's only like 4pm? I'd wait longer. Stand in the tiny cramped space along the wall awkwardly while listening to a random dude in a baseball cap say "are you serious, an hour?!" to the pizza man? This is the way. 

The pizza is thin and heavenly and the crust tastes like bomb sourdough. The end.
SOLID PIZZA! 

Be prepared...there will be a wait! Have the right mindset, and just wait - it's worth it.

Super tiny store front, which leaves every square inch of the shop smelling like the fresh ingredients and baked dough.

The 2 guys running the place are hustling the whole time. You can tell their passion pours into the pizza.

Limited options, which was appreciated, just makes it for a quick and direct decision making process. 

If you're lucky, you can order some different varieties, but if you can't, definitely try to get the tomato pie and a regular slice. 

There are some standing tables inside and small seating options outside. 

Music was on point inside, and crazy pizza-oriented art all over the walls. just really cool vibes. 

The pizza itself was really good! Crispy crust, coated with extra olive oil and cheese - so delicious. Those little details just make the whole thing. The sauce and cheese combination play really well together, and the the pie itself is cooked perfectly. Firm, but still enough give to bend in half if that's how you prefer to chow down. 

All in all, really solid spot in Fishtown that I think can be a staple for a long time.
Popped in when the line was short on a weekend in between grabbing a drink at a place nearby. This was the first time I've seen it open where they were still selling pizza, so I figured I had to try it while I could! Got the specialty pizza, coming with a slightly higher price but ingredients that made it all worth it. Amazing pizza crust (something I've not found much of in Philly) and really fun flavors.
AMAZING. Perfect leopard pattern on the bottom, airy crust, tastes like it's been fermenting for days (just overnight). Great, high quality ingredients, too. Good service, fast-eating atmosphere (no seats makes it a slight drag). Feels classic and unpretentious. Five bucks for a pepperoni slice is worth it since it is the best pepperoni slice I've had in a long time. I'm definitely gonna keep coming back.
Really good pizza and tomato pie. Tiny corner joint with two standing tables to eat inside. We had 4 slices: plain, pepperoni (love the 'roni!), tomato pie, and the special. I liked the red pizzas more than the special, but it was still good. Crust is thin and crispy-- cooked through and not " floppy. " Served piping hot. We were here on an early Sunday afternoon, and didn't have to wait more than a couple minutes.
Overrated to say the least, they won't serve you a pie, but will serve you 8 separate slices. Sold out my ass, you have one job, serve me fucking pizza you ding-dong. The guys that work here are such assholes, selling over price slices of shit, who do you think you are. They treat their customers like absolute anus, I can spend my hard earned money else where, I hope the shop burns down.
Native NY'er here. Date visited: 12/31/2021.

The Good:
-pizza by the slice available
-big big slices (props for this)
-fast and friendly service
-cute workers
-decent taste

The Bad:
-my crust was burnt (between toasted and charred. not toasted but burnt. 60 seconds too long in the oven
-slightly too little tomato sauce. just a bit more would have been perfect. the cheese-to-sauce ratio was a bit off (this could be because it was baked too long)
-pepperoni didn't have much flavor
-no Margherita available

Decent pizza. Could be amazing. Also try Cozette's in Queen Village for 5-star pizza.
This pizza is literally one of the best I have eaten. The slices are big but super delicate in the crust. Omg... They mastered the dough to sauce to cheese combination perfectly. Each bite that I took had perfect consistency and flavor. 

I got cheese and pepperoni; both just fantastic options. The pepperoni on the pizza are tiny. When you bite into it, there is a slight addition of salt from the pepperoni but it doesn't ruin the balance. 

The shop is small and there are two big tables you can stand and eat at. Staff of super chill and they just seem like your friendly Philly neighborhood people who just want you to have good pizza. 

If I had to choice of just eating this pizza over all pizzas for the rest of my life, I would.... It's that good people!
Pizza Shackamaxon is in the house of Beddia which recently closed/moved. We stopped in Wednesday before heading to the shore. The girl working the counter and the pizza guy were super friendly. We ordered 3 slices for the road and 2 diet cokes. 

The slices themselves were pretty darn good. The cheese to sauce ratio was spot on and flavorful. It's a thin crust pizza and it's so light and crispy. The crust was a bit too well done for my liking. There is a fine line between color, flavor and burnt. At $4.00 a slice it's a bit much but it's a quality slice. There is limited seating in the place and they offer very limited drinks. We will stop back in though, solid 4 stars.
We went here thinking it was Pizzeria Beddia but were told he closed and they took over. Pizza looked good so we tried it. And it was super duper tasty! We got a slice of each of their pies. They only make certain kinds certain days but unlike Beddia, they don't close when they run out of dough.. they just make more... Thank the pizza gods! Every slice was great. And the guys behind the counter were very nice and informative. Wish I was there now actually.
This pizza is tasty, thin, and sliced large.  Of course at over $4 a slice with no additional toppings added, it better be!  There were four different options for slices on the given night I visited and at first glance, they all certainly looked great.  There didn't seem to be options to customize further.  I asked for an original to go, it was heated up quickly and I was on my way.

First impression, this slice is very, very thin.  While I appreciated the crusty-ness of the slice, there was no body or chew to the dough, which is not what I like.  The ratio of cheese and sauce was good, and there was a sprinkle of fresh parm on top.  

I'll be back to try other slices.
This place was better than expected! Definitely the best pizza place to buy a slice. The slices are huge and every bite was better than the next! The slices are very thin but it still had the right amount of crunch. You can't go wrong with the pepperoni or cheese slice. 

The place is very small so don't expect to eat inside. There's some tables outside though.
Pizza is so thin, the crust is so crispy. They sell by the slice. It is heated up for your order. You can buy tomato pie too in slice or as a whole. The tomato pie has thicker dough. You will be asked with crust or no crust. With crust means you get the corners. Definitely get this, so crispy. Tomato sauce is very fresh. 

Service is great and friendly.
Best Pizza I ever had? Philly, Jersey NYC, Maybe- big statement but accurate... really unique and after first bite both my wife and I said "wow!"The sauce and cheese, was delicious. Crust was incredible. As the cook took it out of the oven he sprinkled some spices and then a bit of olive oil. He seemed proud of his work!
I had a slice fresh out of the oven which I expected to be good and it was great. But then took two pies home, reheated and we all loved it. 
Note- they only have like 4 or 5 types of pies. I guess they specialize and do it well.
Best. Pizza. In. Philly. Bar none. But please do me a favor and don't go there. I hate waiting in line. Seriously, this is better than most NY pizza I have had. I should have given one star so people stay away and I can have all the awesome pizza to myself. It is a step up from the last place in the location for sure. Plus the owner had a personality. I think he has both business sense and and an amazing ability to craft pizza. Just save a slice for me if you go there.
Come here. The plain and specialty pizza were both very good and the tomato pie was the best I have ever had. The crust was perfectly crunchy and the slices are large. The staff is friendly, too.
I got a plain slice today. It was $5 with tax but was almost the size of 2 slices so I feel that I got my money's worth. It tasted good and I'll be back to try other flavors. Bonus: the guys working there called me miss instead of ma'am
This is the best piece of pizza you can get in Philadelphia. No-flop zone in full effect. Cello et. al absolutely destroying the game. The best pizza in the city was made in this exact location by Joe Beddia until spring of 2018. I had one of the last pies made by him. It was amazing but I was sad to see such phenomenal pizza disappear from the city. 

However, Jah provides

Pizza (Shackamaxon) easily carries the torch forward. A worthy successor to JB and the pizza is equally amazing. Pretty sure it's the same oven too. 

You guys rock. Thanks for consistently delivering the most fire pizza.
DISAPPOINTED! I would compare the customer service of this place to the service the soup nazi provides. It would make sense if the the pizza was world class or even the best in philly, but it is unfortunately a notch or two above mediocre. We came in with a few people, all wanting different things, and the guys working there gave us a terrible attitude about us ordering individual slices, trying to force us to order food we didnt want. We tried calling in advance, but they don't have a phone number. It sucks because i heard great things about this place, we only wish the service matched the hype.
Great pizza, but the guys would not make a whole pizza for us? Forced to buy slices, Richard move, given it was not busy. Go for a slice I guess?
I tried this place for the first time right after Beddia left the building. Back then, it was nothing to write home about. No point in coming back here, I thought. Not with a pizza shop on every other corner.

But recently, when I was craving a slice (because that's what happens when you're from the East Coast) while walking back home up Girard, I stopped in and grabbed one (plain/cheese) from Shackamaxon and was like: "WOW! That was a good ass freakin' slice!"

So now, Shackamaxon will be my go-to neighborhood spot for a slice. In fact, it might be the best "to go" slice I've had in Philly. I'm glad it's down the street!

Plain Cheese Slice: 5/5
The best in philly and it's not close, the white (special usually) is the best white I've ever had and the red is very close behind. The only prob for me is the pieces are so big I can't do both so I have to always choose between the 2, white (special) usually wins
We stopped in after the Fishtown FestivALE around 5pm and were lucky enough to grab the last two slices of pizza (they make a certain number of pies a day and close once they are sold out). The pizza here is thin, fresh out of the oven and was really really good. I will have to give it another try before I call it the best I've had in Philly but it's definitely up there. Store is small but turnover at the tables were quick so we were able to eat there.
Good pizza! Fresh and the ingredients are tasty! Try the special! Closed from 4-5 pm!
My best friend and i have been non-stop raving about the pizza for a week. We split a slice each of: tomato pie, white special pie and pepperoni and they were all fantastic. There are very few slice shops like this in the city and it met all of our expectations. I'd go back again and again...and again. Do not miss a chance to get a slice from Pizza Shackamaxon if you're in Fishtown/NoLibs.
This is an amazing pizza in a famous location. It might even be better than the predecessor since the dough is stretched a bit thinner. Plus you can get slices to go. Great pizza! One of the best I've ever had.
I came here because I had a friend who was a huge fan of this place and wouldn't stop raving about it. The pizza itself was excellent. I got a white slice and a slice of tomato pie, and both were really good. The crust was pretty thin on the regular slice (which I like). The tomato pie was warm and delicious, and I'm not usually a huge tomato pie fan. 

The actual process of getting the pizza was a little bit odd...the white slice was ready to go, but the tomato pie was just going in the oven (last pie of the night around 7:30pm), so we ate the other slices while waiting for the tomato pie to come out. We ended up basically like pre-paying and "reserving" our slices from the last pie of the night, and we came back into the store once they were ready. 

I didn't mind the scenario per se because I was with a group of friends, and it was nice enough weather to sit outside while we were waiting for the pizza. There isn't any indoor seating though, so I can imagine this being a difficult process in poor weather. I would definitely come here again, but I would call to pre-order if that's possible.
BANGIN'! 

Got there at 4:45pm and had to wait a spell for them to reopen with fresh pies. Worth it! Bought a pepperoni and (the last) tomato pie slices. Started with the 'roni and started to sweat midway through - wasn't sure how I'd make it through both (don't worry, I did). 

The place is on the same level as Beddia, but totally different atmospheres. Place is very tiny and standing room only inside - all ok. 

Would definitely come back here time and time again.
Some of the best pizza I've had! 
Good ingredients, finished with a drizzle of oil and fresh grated cheese to top it off. Good crisp crust. I'll stop anytime I'm in the area!
Holy shit.  Best tomato pie I've ever had.  I'm still in shock, it was so insanely good.

I just started working in the neighborhood and saw their tomato pie on instagram.  I walked over and luckily they weren't sold out! The guys behind the counter were awesome-Josh and Colin were both friendly and welcoming and just a delight.  I got two slices and ate one within 30 seconds almost, it was so delicious! Saving the other for dinner and already looking forward to it.

Go here! I'll be back! Thank you for the amazing tomato pie!
This place has some of the best pizza in the city and also some of the nicest people who work there! The thin crust and perfectly browned underside are just a few things about this pizza that make it stand out. The fresh produce, meat and cheese all perfectly combine to give you a flavor explosion in your mouth. The cheese pizza is perfectly classic and the pepperoni only takes it another notch up!

Can't wait to order here again and again!
Literally never have enjoyed slices so much. The guys behind the counter was putting everything into these pies and it shows. Had the 'classic white', a pepperoni, and tomato pie and it was all a divine experience. I am from a few hours away and am trying to actively come up with excuses to visit the city again (in part just to go here).
Pizza is solid. I wish I remembered the guy working the counter but he was so incredibly friendly, down to earth made me want to hang out for awhile. I take that back, pizza was more than solid. I've had tacconellis, beddia, vetri, and this place is still special and stands out. If they partnered with weckerlys ice cream they could take over the world (or at least fishtown)

Get a slice of everything - and probably a whole pie for later.
The pizza's ok, but it's now three times I've gone during posted hours to order a pie (since they don't take orders over the phone or online) to find the shop closed for some reason or other.  Very disappointing: they need to get their act together.  A business should always be open during posted hours.
After seeing the Barstool Pizza Guy come here a year or so ago, I've wanted to try this place. Today I took off from work early to finally drive out and try this "amazing" pizza. I wanted to call ahead to have the pie ready for me by the time I got there, but I was surprised to find out that Pizza Shackamaxon doesn't have a phone number. Better yet, they don't even have a online ordering service. When I finally got to the establishment, I saw there was a small "Sold Out" sign on the window. I was baffled how a pizza place (that has one job {to sell pizza}) could be sold out. The man in front of me was rudely turned away. When he tried to order a pizza, one of the workers pointed to the sign and said "we've been sold out for 2 hours" in a very snarky tone. I was disturbed by the workers attitude to the potential patron. While me pledging not to be a future customer won't affect the revenue of Pizza Shackamaxon (as it is extremely popular), just know that they left a potential customer extremely disappointed..... in more ways than one.
A-Ok Pizza! I tried the plain slice which has a nice, crispy charred crust. The tomato sauce was flavorful but not outstanding. On a Philly Pizza scale, this is a solid 4-stars. Benefits are the slice was ordered through the to-go window and arrived promptly, piping hot!
Went in with high expectations and were definitely met. Favorite pizza I've ever had. One slice is plenty! The crust was perfect and sauce was fresh. Tiny eating area with stand up room only. Would def go and highly recommend. 8.7 ;)
Heard a lot of great reviews about this place! It was a 30min wait but was able to kill time by walking over to Weckerlys to enjoy some ice cream in the nice weather:) I got the tomato slices bc they didn't have a pie but the slices were big and the crust was thick! Tomato was delicious. Bc I'm dairy free, I couldn't try the pepperoni and specialty pie(basil cream base with Spanish onion and roasted garlic) but my friends loved it! Def would recommend for dairy free and non dairy free pizza lovers!! Come early and expect a wait cuz it picks up fast!
Shackamaxon has great slices that you can walk in and grab most times very quickly.  The specials are always creative and very good.  Crust is crispy and pizza is very flavorful.  It is one of the better slices in Philadelphia.   These guys do it right!
I went with my S.O. so he could pick up a slice, and spotted the tomato pie coming out of the oven.  I couldn't resist.  Holy cow yelpers.. you were SO RIGHT about this slice of heaven. I should have taken the whole pie.

These guys have hit their stride and made this a great stop in for a slice, without the hype and wait of its previous occupant.  Highly recommend.
This place is a hidden gem in Philadelphia. I am surprised that more people are not talking about it. The real reason why we came is because of the review by barstool. I popped in at 4:30 on a Saturday in December. Here is my review:

Service: 
- excellent service. Answered all of my questions before placing an order
- I came before the start of dinner, however it was still a 45 minute wait. I did not mind as that gave me time to explore the area. 
- no phone number to call. Just walk up to the window and place your order. Found this slightly inconvenient as I wanted to call to make sure they were open before making the trip. 
- very nice individual. All of them complied with COVID protocols. 
- when I went to pick up my order, they saw me waiting in line and asked me to come to the front to pick it up. I did not think they would remember me, but they did and saved me 10-15 minutes of waiting.

Food: 
The pizza is a solid 9.3. My crust was a little burnt but I know some people prefer that. Very thin and very good ingredients used to make it.
- fair price for a pizza pie. I think it was $24 for a pie
- wish they had more varieties or toppings, but oh well.

Ambience:
- N/A
Pizza itself was fantastic. No question it's some of the best pie around. But it's another spot following this trend of having great pizza but punishing their customers with arbitrary business operation you wouldn't tolerate from Little Caesars much less a place that charges $24 for a pizza. It's the pizza equivalent of making people wait in a line to get into a club that's half full just to make it seem more exclusive.  No phone, no delivery, erratic hours, they can simply run out at any given time. Customers are literally bargaining at the cashier to battle for upcoming slices coming out of the oven rather than being able to simply order what they want. The wait could be as little as 20 minutes or as long as an hour. The employees themselves were very courteous in trying to keep everyone happy inside of a ridiculous business model.

Please someone invent a good pizza place that doesn't treat their customers like it's 2009 and you're trying to buy the iPhone on opening day.
5 stars for their pizzas. Thin crispy delicious slices of heaven. One star reduction for customer service mainly due to their random closing of the restaurant. Three times in the past few months we went with note "closed for the day" taped to the window. They also randomly close early or open late. They don't have working phone number so no phone-in-orders and you never know if they're open or not.  Go at your own risk!   But if you go and they're open OMG their pizzas are fantastic.
I read about this place randomly on someone's top 100 pizza places in the U.S. and no lies were told. 

Great pizza. Specialty pizza is always going to be a winner. Always. I have not one slice of specialty pizza from here that I didn't like.  The specials change every week. You can also get your regular cheese only or pepperoni. The cheese pizza is pretty good. (I do not know what the pepperoni pizza is like). 

The crust is literally perfect; the crisp, the thinness. Although the menu is extremely limited, what they do, they do well. Four to Five napkins for sure.
The pizza was good and the crust had a great yeasty flavor with a really good chew. They didn't skimp on the toppings like so many pizza joints. We have the White pizza and Pepperoni Slices. Great flavor and taste so wonderful. The service was outstanding!
Omg Pizza Shackamaxon tomato  pie is the best I've ever had!! It all started with a simple message "can I order 2 tomato pies for the ER and they fondly responded with a yes and on top of that they donated them to the front line. I love pizza and I had another favorite tomato pie for years however, this tomato pie is  unbelievably good! I had a slice driving into work and I can't wait to share it with my co-workers. Thank you!!!  You are my new favorite tomato pie.
Delicious place for slices! Hard to beat the former pizza shop here, but pretty close. The special was awesome--purple cauliflower on pizza with a basil cream base and bell peppers--so so good! Plus, they let me draw on the walls!  will definitely be back next time I'm in my former neighborhood!
Pizza Shackamaxon is my new standard in Philadelphia.  The perfectly browned undercarriage carries the weight of the delicious combination of sauce, cheese, and pepperoni. The perfect acid from the sauce mellows the cheese and spice kick from the crispy pepperoni. The crust is crunchy and chewy and the flavors blend together perfectly. The wait times aren't too bad (yet) and you can even order slices. Still no phone, but it truly reminds me of the good ol' days of the glorious previous tenant. Will be going back soon!

Enjoy!
For 5 straight Sunday nights in a row I've visited between 7:45 - 8:05 PM and every time they've shut down early with a sign that reads "sold out." Also every time, multiple people were standing outside also to be disappointed by being misled with a website that posts a 9 PM closing time.  In all of my life I've never encountered a pizza place that continually runs out of supplies or closes early?!   Seems like mis management or maybe what is seemingly more likely a simple lack of regard for setting regular and loyal customer's expectations.  How about keeping your hours until 8 PM so you can manage inventory better?  Or better yet, why not post closing hours at 8 PM?  Also, honestly opening at 1 PM on Saturday and Sunday? Who is that convenient for?  Like every other pizza shop within miles is open at 11 or 12 on the weekends (for many lunch is over by 1!)  Guys, your pizza is good, but not great (see Barstools review for example). You're not Beddia.  Convenience to your loyal customers is more important than opening and closing when you feel like it.  I have been a loyal customer and pay homage to small businesses in the neighborhood that keep their word to customers. If you can't handle keeping your hours or keeping enough supplies to last the day, change them.  On the other hand, I've discovered Slice Pizza as a fantastic alternative with the same prices.  I've also now frequented Peace of Pizza, thicker slices but conveniently and always open.  Like many in the neighborhood would agree, I would also say Pizza Brain has much better pizza as well in general with much better customer service, and convenience.  I've made the permanent switch. Best of luck!
