Yep, it looks really cool inside, which kinda gets your hopes up that you're going to have the dining experience of a lifetime. But when foodtime comes along, well, let's just say that it's not bad but it's not great, either.

If you like fancy drinks, waiters that ignore you to flirt with other waiters and a big bill, then this is the place for you.

If not, then grab sushi and a sixpack and then sit on your porch. You'll have just as good (and maybe even better) of a time. And you won't have to listen to any stupid techno music while you're trying to have a conversation.

PS. The bathrooms will make you feel like you're on a spaceship. So at least that's...interesting?
My boyfriend wanted to take me to pod to celebrate my new job. He was pretty excited to go here since his coworkers have been heralding this place for months.  We arrived on Wednesday night and pod was pretty busy; we felt as if we'd traveled forward in time to this modern restaraunt. The hostesses greeted us and we were seated within 15 minutes of arrival. Our waiter was efficient. He was knowledgeable but curt; he had many tables but seemed to multi-task well. Our first course, the tempura sushi, was very good. We ordered macadamia chicken stir fry, which my boyfriend loved and garlic shrimp. I ordered the lemon cheesecake for dessert. It was simply divine. I recommend the pink martini although my boyfriend's Tokyo tea was just average. Overall I would return to pod. It would be cool to dine in one of the colored booths and sample more of the delicious items we saw at other tables and wizzing by in the hands of busy waiters. 4.5/5 for pod.
Thanks, Pod, for making eating here such a delight for a vegan like me! I am so happy with the amount of choices that I can make on the menu, and the fact that they will make a few things vegan for me upon request! 

When I ate here a couple of weeks ago, I told my server I was vegan, so she made sure to veganize my side order of roasted asparagus (I think it normally has fish sauce in it or something). It was quite delicious, as was the Vegan Stephen sushi. I almost sent it back because I thought it was fish when it arrived. The tomato looks suspiciously like raw salmon! But, no, all vegan here, and full of fresh vegetables and stuffed with tempura'd veggies. Delicious! 

For lunch today, I decided to go with an old standby: tofu lettuce wraps. These are very decadent. Deep fried tofu in a sweet and savory Asian sauce, with sprouts and onions, a side of peanutty sauce and some fresh butter lettuce leaves. I love that you can roll them up yourself. Fun lunch. And delicious. Thanks, Pod!
Oh hey, Review 300. How you doin'? 

I was here last night with a group of five lovely ladies to celebrate the last "official" night of singledom for one of my girlfriends. You might know her, she's Philly yelper Jessica B.! 

Jess and I go way back. When I was in 7th grade, our township made the genius decision to cut costs by busing all the public and private school students together. At the time, I was fairly shy and very awkward, so I boarded the bus each afternoon filled with fear and panic. Fear that one of the public school kids would make fun of my red plaid uniform, panic that my skirt would somehow tuck itself into my underwear as I got up to exit the bus, branding me as a gigantic dork before I even had a fighting chance in high school. 

Day after day, I sat in the second or third row, not daring to turn around but always listening intently to every conversation going on behind me. I was awestruck by the curly haired girl who knew everyone and spoke freely - and loudly. One day, she broke the ice and started a conversation with me. I was convinced it was some kind of a setup so I proceeded with caution, but to my surprise, we ended up establishing a friendly association. Now, all these years later, my bus buddy is all grown up and getting hitched! 

What does this have to do with Pod, you ask? Absolutely nothing, other than the fact that it was Jess' choice for her bachelorette dinner and I felt like telling a little story. 

Walking into the restaurant, I looked around and instantly thought: futuristic IKEA. The floors are industrial looking and the furniture is all very white, with neon lights accenting throughout the room. I noticed many dates going on in the little wall nooks and was somewhat surprised. I think the likeliness of an alien probe would be greater than the conjuring up of any romantic feelings in that place. 

Our server greeted the table and took our drink orders, followed by our starters. We all needed a few extra minutes to decide on entrees. 

We started with rock shrimp tempura and butter poached lobster from the dim sum menu. The shrimp were very good, although the pecan halves and pineapple chunks were somewhat puzzling. The lobster dish was just okay. There was hardly enough for each girl to have a bite, and the tofu and vegetable accompaniments did absolutely nothing for the dish. 

We polished off the dim sum, while the menus continued to sit on our laps. Eventually, our server reappeared and we were able to place the order for our mains. At this point, I decided to visit the ladies', which actually turned out to be a hallway of unisex bathrooms. The stall looked exactly like an airplane bathroom, which definitely creeped me out. I took solace in the fact that the space was twice as large and I wouldn't have any reason to fear being sucked through the toilet. 

When I returned to the table, the food was already being delivered. This was surprising as we had just placed our orders, and our silverware had not even been replenished at that point. We sat, staring at our meals with hungry eyes. Finally, we received utensils and I got friendly with my wasabi crusted filet with wasabi mash. The steak was perfectly cooked, although I didn't detect any wasabi flavor. The potatoes were also a bit weak. I was expecting a kick, similar to the wasabi mash that is served at Buddakan, but the flavors were less intense. Still, the meal was very good, if a bit pricey at almost $30. 

I also had several bites of Jess' miso glazed sea bass and sweet potato puree, which was absolutely phenomenal. The fish tasted as though it had spent its life swimming in a sea of butter. Each bite was rich, with the perfect touch of sweetness from the miso glaze. 

It was around the end of our meal that our server decided to show up again. He made us laugh with his astrological predictions and witty banter, but I sure hope some of the food runners were getting a piece of his tip, because they really did most of the work. 

We passed on dessert in an effort to get the party started. It's unlikely that I will make the trek to University City just to return to Pod, although that sea bass alone might provide enough of a reason, should the craving strike.
After a meeting in the area, Maggie L and I decided to hit Pod for lunch. We started with the chicken lettuce wraps, which were really great and also very filling for two people. I wanted a martini but considered my workload and ordered an unsweetened iced tea, instead. It was super flavorful and served with a slice of orange - very nice! 

Next up were: the jumbo lump California roll, a spicy tuna roll topped with rock shrimp, and a spicy yellowtail roll with fresh jalapeño slices (my favorite of the three for its lightness and extra heat!). I was very happy that all of the rolls were well balanced (not overly sauced) and easy to eat (not too big, not falling apart). This was the perfect amount of food for two fairly hungry people. If you're not feeling as hungry, the lettuce wraps and two rolls could suffice. 

Our server was friendly and helpful yet a little slow for lunch. But I enjoyed my experience so much that I definitely wanted to bump up my rating to a more appropriate four stars!
I can't say no to a man with tattoos and my experience at Pod was purely orgasmic.

The food at Pod is amazing and reasonably priced, if not underpriced. It is economical bliss.  I expected to pay way more and for appetizers, sushi, drinks and desserts for two. Our bill topped at $84 bucks. Not too bad. Killer ambiance and surprise after surprise, I find myself thinking about Pod time and time again.

Pod is futuristic, offers everything traditional with a twist and is unpretentious. The place is like an outer space playground with ever changing colored lights, bubble ceilings, and white on white interior. The sushi boat is a world of its own and if you fancy anime, the screens are like windows of cartoons.  I saw waitresses carry out birthday desserts with sparklers. It was like Fourth of July. The service is excellent (welcoming, accommodating, quick, and knowledgeable). Everything thumbs up.

The ultra hot weather called for mocktails, one Cucumber and Apple Spritzer and one White Peach and Mint Soda. Both were refreshing and full of fresh fruit. We ordered the special Lobster Ramen appetizer, Tonkatsu Sandwich, and the Rockin Spicy Tuna. The Lobster Ramen was not soupy but had a creamy rich broth-like dressing. The lobster chunks were huge and tender, the vegetable medley offered crunch and the ramen was very fresh and not over cooked. The Tonkatsu Sandwich could easily rival David Chang's pork steamed buns. The Rockin Spicy Tuna was haute sushi. Sprinkled with black sesame seeds and prepared like little works of art, the spicy tuna was like a sushi hors d'oevre. It was topped with popcornlike tempura rock shrimp and microgreens. This all created for a filling meal but without hesitation we ordered dessert.

If Pod's tactic to get people to order dessert was to send in a tattooed dessert man instead of our friendly waitress, then it surely worked. We were set on Chocolate Chocolate Chocolate (chocolate toffee bread pudding, chocolate shot with salted rim, and chocolate tart) but when the tattoo guy told us about the special Chocolate Flan we had to make our dessert choice Chocolate times 4. The tattooed guy was evil in a good way. Death by chocolate all the way at Pod. No worries, you will live to tell the tale of sweet decadence. I could easily devote a whole review to these desserts. Instead, just trust the smile on my face that they were all exquisite. I will add that the Chocolate Flan was light rather than rich and was complimented by an Early Grey Tea coulis and black cherries.

I'd make a two hour trip to Philly from NYC just to indulge at Pod. It was really that good.

For the formal writeup on Pod: http://spamisbetterfried.blogspot.com/2011/03/after-all-these-years-pod-is-still.html
DO NOT GO TO "ALL YOU CAN EAT SUSHI" WEEK

I'm currently at my table in pod, suffering through their awful attempt at all you can eat sushi.

We were seated at our reservation time, 9pm, and we have spent about ten minutes eating our first plates of sushi, and 2.5hours waiting while the restaurant grinds to a stop. It is completely packed, and totally unprepared for this.

People have been waiting hours with nothing, and although some are being comped appetizers by an obviously nervous and overwhelmed staff, the general mood is tense and aggravated.

The small amount of sushi that actually made it to our table was good, and the staff is doing well considering, especially our waitress - but the whole situation is a mess and has alienated us and I imagine most of the other patrons. (Table next to us is discussing walking out right now)

They are not equipped for this. What probably started at some pr guy's desk as a way to drum up mid week business has ended up as a huge disaster.  

As I'm typing this people have left, walked out, and turned away round three of free appetizers in disgust
I like this place a lot. The interiors are neat, the bar looks cool, and the constant anime (or daft punk videos) playing on the screen behind the sushi bar is awesome. Great place for a date if you don't mind the noise.

Drinks-wise, the sake mojitos are bangin. Remember to ask for a double.

As for the food, pretty much everything I've eaten here has been ridiculously tasty. My favorite by far is the duck two ways. Roasted duck breast cooked perfectly, accompanied by duck served in a bao bun? All about it. The sauce is great, too.

Their special sushi rolls are creative and delicious; I love the shiro-aoi - spicy white tuna and avocado topped with hamachi and jalapeño. Other menu standouts include the braised beef short rib over udon noodles (meat is unbelievably tender), and the lettuce wraps.

Definitely a good place to try if you're down with S. Starr and you like Asian fusion.
Pod is an oldie, but goodie Asian Fusion style restaurant!  I have been coming here for years and they have remained consistent with their quality of food and good customer service!

I am a creature of habit at times and usually go for the crab fried rice-always fresh and tasty!  I had a few other menu items this visit-Korean Ribs; Spider & Lotus Rolls!  

The staff were attentive and service was prompt!

Pod is still around because they do it right!  If you wanna have a good meal in a cool space-check out Pod!
We went to happy hour here.  The menu offers some unique food options that are fresh and delicious.

We tried the Chicken Potstickers, Cucumber Maki Roll, and Penn Maki Roll from the Happy Hour Menu and ordered the Chicken Dumpling Ramen from the standard menu.  We enjoyed everything, but the Potstickers were especially tasty. The outside was thin and pan seared perfectly and the filling was generous.  The Ramen broth was flavorful and the dumplings were really good.  The noodles were average; probably not freshly made. Both Maki Rolls are also terrific.  

Pod has a futuristic interior feel to it with unique furniture and lighting.  The bathrooms feel a bit like airplane restrooms.  The service was personable and attentive.
OK the place is MOD or art deco, it has very even lines but  uneven furniture, in a practical way. The service is prompt, friendly and helpful. There is an extensive Asian fusion style menu. There is  something for everyone in your party. They also have a nice decorative showpiece bar. 

I get the distinct impression that the chef or cook  is non-Asian. This is where they lose me I was not impressed with any of the dishes that I ordered. Initially  I ordered the barbecue duck Ramen this was an absolute NO, NO. You would have more enjoyment and flavor out of a pack 'Nissin oddles of noodles'! I could have stayed home with a $.33 pack adding my own meat. Luckily the server could see my displeasure with what I was eating. So we moved on to the lobster end Peking duck fried rice. I should've told them hold the salt.  Now I have to run home and take my lisinopril to ensure I don't have a stroke in the middle the night. SALTY!!

It's a beautiful location with high priced small portions that could never live up to the standards of any Chinatown in any city USA. But judge for yourself!
I've got to hand it to Pod for inspiring very strong opinions.  This place is a divider of men and women.  It is contentious.  It is Steven Starr's great experiment in toying with human emotion, offering stellar experiences to some diners and awful ones to others.  Just read the other reviews here and you will see that customer satisfaction results from machinations akin to those developed with an infinite improbability drive.  The battle lines are clear and now I will weigh in.

The food at Pod is really good.  
The wasabi-crusted filet mignon is excellent.  The portion size is laughable but the flavor itself is unique enough to make it my favorite menu item.
The mandarin shrimp stir-fry is very good.
The sushi is good.  It isn't the best sushi in Philly but it does the trick.

The decor balances between slick and campy.  The balance is skewed by the following two factors-
1. Sunlight
2. Your Blood Alcohol Content 

For example:
Sober during lunch - "Those plastic cube-seats are tacky."
Tipsy at 6PM - "Hey this place is kinda cool."
Drunk at 11PM - "oh my god I am in a space ship."

On the action-movie-parallel-satisfaction-scale, this place is Iron Man.
Attention vegans!

The tofu lettuce wrap with peanut sauce and the Vegan Stephen.

You'll be thrilled you did!

Pod is such a great place for a sit-down meal in West Philly. I have been going there for ten years now. I am so happy they have two great vegan dishes for me to enjoy!
Five years ago, I was high above Tokyo on the last floor of the Yodobashi department store in Akihabara at a small kaitenzushi (conveyor belt sushi) restaurant.  My friends and I frequented this place during our time in Japan.  The atmosphere inside this little restaurant was tense as the colored plates floated by us on the belt.  The salarymen finished their sushi quickly and us gaijin (foreigners) were literally stuck screaming our orders at the chefs.  Flash forward five years, though, and I find myself over 6,000 miles away from the Land of the Rising Sun, dining at Pod.  The conveyor belt is still there, but the mood is more relaxed and there's no longer the need to scream at the wait staff.

Pod was a wonderful trip down memory lane for me and I was excited to relive those days, even if it was just for an hour and a half.  We started by immediately grabbing two plates of sushi off of the belt and ordering drinks (sake and a delicious Jack Daniel's cocktail made with cranberry juice, raspberries, and mint).   It wasn't long before our appetizers came out.  The peppers with bonito flakes had an addictive spicy crunch to them and I thought that they were a refreshing alternative to traditional edamame.  The mushroom and sweet pea dumplings immediately hit the spot and I think we finished our dish in record time.  We moved on to the shiro-aoi roll with white tuna and jalapenos.  We also snagged the toro nigiri.  Both of those dishes were nothing short of amazing.   The meal ended with 4 sweet flavors of sorbet.

A lot of the reviews here seem to compare Pod to Morimoto.  While it irks me a bit to talk about another restaurant in my review, I enjoyed my time at Pod much more than Morimoto.  I felt like we got more food here for the same price and it was more inventive (especially the sushi).  I left Pod feeling genuinely satisfied, whereas I left the other place feeling slightly ripped-off. 

Overall, I think Pod gave us a fantastic meal and it left me feeling nostalgic.  I see myself coming back here for more of those peppers with bonito flakes.
I would give this .25 stars if yelp allowed me to. if you're looking for a restaurant that strives for decor, but lacks in tasty dishes, this place isn't for you. The scene is pathetically decorated in their attempt for modern decor and yes, their food is NOT worth the price you pay. I could have had a better Japanese meal that cost me $10 this junk. Philly in general is terrible in sushi and this restaurant hits rock bottom. Go to Fuji instead down on Chestnut I believe. Steven Starr is a disgrace as a restauranteur.
I decided to bring my wife to Pod for her birthday since she had never been there. Highlights include the Tempura Rock Shrimp, Calamari Salad, Berkshire Pork and Korean Alice Cake, and Nigiri. We had a couple of the drink which were pricey but very good. was solid as usual. Nigiri was delicious 

Unfortunately, my most lasting impression was what our waiter did not do. On the phone they asked if it was a special occasion and I said it was my wife's birthday. The hostess confirmed this fact before she seated us and our waiter did the same. After we finished our meals,  I watched the woman at the table next to ours receive a nice desert presentation with a sparkler. I naturally assumed we would receive similar treatment. Instead, our waiter brought us the check and walked away. 

After enjoying our meal I was left with a bad taste in my mouth. And that is what I will remember.
Meh.

This place has an ultra modern feel. The restaurant is in a plaza on the bottom floor. The access was pretty simple. I parked right on Chestnut Street and just had to walk my way into the plaza semi circle. 

Inside, the whole idea is to sit in "pods" to share meals with a group. The seats also twirl around so you can be part of multiple tables and conversations - repping your social butterfly status #100. The feel is casual/upscale. As I walked in, the hostess greeted me right away and signaled me towards my party's table. Passing through the main area, you feel like you're walking into a late night lounge versus a restaurant. There are low rise couches and uplighting throughout. I think the front area is more or less reserved for small parties, or those ordering just drinks. The main dining space is either up a level (via a small set of stairs) or in the large seating space in the back for more private events. 

For the dinner, I let them know that I am vegetarian and asked for no egg in the dishes. I think limiting the ingredients may have resulted in a just OK dining experience. I wish they were more creative with the dietary limitations in order to provide more diverse options. 

I started off with a tofu salad served with a soy sauce dressing. It was topped with seasoned tofu as the protein. Overall it was OK. I think the dressing was a little more than I would typically prefer on salads - it did have a zesty tang to it, but overall less is more with this one. The tofu was spongy and tasteless in some bites, but overall it was decent, seasoned with a peanut marinade and baked. I did end up adding some hot sauce to the salad to amp up the spice. 

Next were the lettuce wraps. These were served with fresh lettuce leaves, tofu, and a peanut dressing. The dish was essentially the tofu salad but in a wrap form. I would've appreciated some rice to the wraps - may have satiated me more than just the passable tofu. Again, I added hot sauce haha. 

The highlight of the evening was the dessert plate - there were multiple options presented in a shareable tray, with plenty to choose from for all to enjoy. I especially appreciated their green tea mochi and their mango mochi options. The mochi tasted fresh, and I really enjoyed the hints of real fruit in the mango mochi. Other desserts included a lava cake, and marshmallow stuffed spring rolls with a side of chocolate sauce for dipping. 

The staff at Pod were very polite, they came by multiple times refilling water and asking for drink orders. I appreciate that they kept to my dietary needs and offered dishes accordingly. 

Overall, the experience was OK, but would want to experience more varied options and a deeper taste profile (read spicy) with their food.
Listen, Philly, I don't know where this 3.5 stars business came from, but Pod has made it's way into my 5 star (nay, 6! nay, 10!) favorites. We go for birthdays, anniversaries and most recently Christmas Eve. 

Not only do they go out of their way to make every occasion special, their day-to-day service and quality menu is a great reason to make Pod an any day restaurant, not just a holiday treat.

We go big when we come to Pod. It's tough not to order more than we do, and we inevitably leave stuffed anyway. But it's a happy full, not a gross, greasy, carb-y full.

Last time we went, we got:
1) Lobster roll (with truffle teriyaki sauce...COME ON.)
2) Wagyu beef (cooked on a hot stone..in front of you!)
3) Steamed pork belly buns (no joke.)
4) Mushroom ramen (a special! The most incredible special.)
5) Robata grill - Japanese eggplant, asparagus, cauliflower (all amazing)
6) Peppermint chocolate sundae (another Christmas special)
7) Fluffernutter spring rolls (crispy, fluffy, peanut-buttery and to die for)

We basically were transported straight to an eternal heaven. It's like that every time we go. The dishes are inventive, the quality is supreme and the flavors are bold.

The service is hands down some of the best I've encountered - the waitstaff are on point with remembering details from the last time we came, making recommendations and timing the meal perfectly.

To top it all off, the cocktails are delicious. We will keep coming back to Pod for as long as they'll have us.
I've only ever paid for Pod twice, because usually I go when a Wharton professor takes us students out for lunch. This place is essentially really overpriced Americanized Asian fusion plus very average sushi. For example, they make General Tso's chicken, throw in some nuts, slap it with a fancier name ("macadamia chicken stir-fry") and charge you $19 for it. Ridiculous. I suppose you are paying for the ambience and the experience. 

Don't come here unless a Penn professor is treating you, your parents are treating you, or a date is treating you. Otherwise you're getting ripped off by Steven Starr big time.
Well...
The GOOD:
I'll start by saying the food was TASTY, slightly overpriced for SMALLISH ENTREES. Chicken lettuce wraps, yum. Shrimp pad thai, yum. Salad with fresh spring mix lettuce greens, yum.  Appetizers ok priced. My teenage daughter and her friend had a GENEROUS bowl of miso soup with micro cubes of tofu in it. They have a tasting menu offered on the standard menu, one at $45 and one for $60 I believe which is nice.

The BAD: (and I mean REALLY BAD!)-the WAITRESS KATIE!!!

the waitress was truly the WORST I've ever had. She came to the table WITHOUT an enthusiastic greeting.   BUT when we needed some guidance with ordering, she was QUICK to be IRRITATED and RUDE, and to blow off her duties of hospitality and service as 1) SHE SNIPPED, "you want me to give you a few more minutes to work this out???!!!!". 

It was a Wednesday nite at 8:30, so there wasn't a crowd.  And the silly minimum of 6 people to a pod (we had 5!) shouldn't be an issue when catering to a new customer visiting from out-of-town on a non-busy evening, c'mon.  

But, as it was, there were MORE HORRIBLE SARCASTIC REMARKS from KATIE, the WAITRESS.   2)when we told katie we asked another employee to help us get the iced tea we ordered 15 minutes earlier, trying to guide her to that girl, she BARKED, "there are a LOT of females that work here!!", implying 'how the hell am I supposed to know which girl you talked to!'.  

And 3)when we FINALLY got our entrees, which seemed to take a while, and after we had to REMIND ANOTHER waiter that we never received our sushi appetizers, our AWFUL, INATTENTIVE waitress KATIE finally came by and instead of asking how we liked our foods, she SNIPPED YET AGAIN!!, "well then, I'll get out of you way and let you to it!!!".  SOME NERVE she had. 

so, RUDENESS by WAITRESS caused a potential perfect meal, into a BIG 2 star BUMMER!!  Inappropriate comments made us feel UNCOMFORTABLE and DISPLEASED.  will not rush to ever return.
Pod has a Jetsons-like feel to it, from the conveyor-belt sushi bar to the curtained area on the "bridge". The semi-private dining areas (pods) have controls that let you change the colors inside to a whim. Seating is ample for a medium-sized group. It was difficult to tune out the noise - in that way, Pod reminds me of a futuristic cafeteria. Service - Lan, Erin, Laurie) is MUCH better than your typical cafeteria luckily.

The food generally looked better than it tasted. Presentation is top-notch and the sushi was fresh. Portions are big enough you can share with one or two others. While I'll overlook the high cost of food[1], I can't ignore quality. The sushi appetizer was a promising start to dinner but the Chilean sea bass I had was buttery as all hell. Imagine eating a stick of butter marinated in butter lathered in fat. (Sound redundant? The sea bass was redundant.) The Mongolian beef lacked any kick. The saving grace of the meal was the calamari! Tender and spicy, it was a treat after eating the other two dishes.

Not worth the trip if you're looking for stellar food. Perhaps my expectations were too high but the food left an unsavory imprint on me. Upon reflection I'm just unhappy. Stop by for a drink or try their wasabi-crusted filet mignon (which I had another time, and wasn't half-bad).

[1] Except for the sushi... don't ask.
My first impressions of Pod were mixed.  I thought the atmosphere was kinda cool, but also trying too hard.  Then I was seated at one of the tables on the main floor where felt like I was in some kind of weird, dimly lit futuristic high school cafeteria.  My dining companion noted that she felt oddly exposed.

That's pretty much where the mixed feelings ended, though, because from that point on, I have nothing but love.  We ordered from the University City Dining Days prix fixe menu.  For $30, I was able to choose an appetizer, an entree, and was served a "pastry chef's selection" for dessert.  We were also offered $5 sake mojitos, which was a nice touch and a great compliment to all of the food.  Since, like the Continental, food is served as it's prepared, my friend and I ordered together and shared everything.  Food came out at a perfect, leisurely-but-not-too-slow pace, so we had time to enjoy and digest everything.  Our waiter was totally friendly and attentive, which I have found to be unusual when ordering from prix fixe menus.

As for the food:  From the dim sum menu, we chose the shrimp dumplings and the vegetable maki.  Each dumpling was stuffed with a whole piece of juicy shrimp and they were served with a side of lime-chili dipping sauce.  Yum!  The maki were also delicious, stuffed with avocado, cucumber and asparagus - and since everything is made to order, they had no problem leaving out the carrot to accommodate my food allergy.

For the main course we chose the Sezchuan lamb chops and the miso glazed Chilean sea bass.  The lamb chops were slightly overcooked (they were small and we ordered them medium-rare) but flavorful, and they were served atop a pile of sesame Shanghai noodles.  We both agreed the noodles were kind of boring and unnecessary to the dish.  They weren't bad, but we left most of them on the plate.  The sea bass was the stand out dish of the night.  The fish was cooked perfectly, and was buttery yet light, making us wish we had both ordered it because we could have eaten twice as much.  It was served over mashed sweet potatoes, which seemed like it wouldn't go but turned out to be the perfect addition.

Dessert ended up being a piece of pumpkin pie napoleon (layered ginger spice cake, cinnamon white chocolate mousse, crispy rice pastry and pumpkin custard) and a trio of sorbets (banana-passionfruit, blueberry and raspberry).  The napoleon was delicious, and though the sorbets tasted really good, they were underwhelming next to the cake.

The menu offered was a perfect introduction to Pod restaurant.  I can't wait to go back, and my friend and I are even considering going again this week while they are still running the prix fixe!
I've always wondered what it would feel like to get drunk inside of a Mac computer and now I know! And it's pretty damn cool.

I came here the other night after a very long night of party throwing, drinking, drinking and some more drinking and I really enjoyed it. From what I understand, it's usually a bit cooler and we hit it on an off night, but I still thought it was cool beans. I also had a chance to partake in one of my favorite hobbies. Yep, drunken bathroom photography.

Maybe it's just me, but I love cool bathrooms. Sure, anyone can pop in a sink, screw in a light bulb and put in a toilet, but when a place takes the time to really create an atmosphere, well, they get much of my Blackberry Curve's camera attention! On this night I probably shot a good 15 pics in here and they all turned out really cool, IMHO.

As for the food here, I didn't try it, unless you consider vodka a food, which i do. And limes, limes are food, right? :)
Yeah, so you can change the light in your pod.  Whatever.  For the same price as dinner here you can get a cab to the airport, buy a Southwest ticket to LAX, and go to Disneyland, where there are lots and lots of shiny colored lights, and fireworks, and probably fresher sushi.

Although I guess if you're the kind of person who finds Pod excitng, Disneyland might give you a heart attack.
I have to give POD 5 stars if only for the mere fact that 15 years ago my husband brought me here for our first date. It speaks volumes that they have been here for 15+ years and on a Saturday night I could only get a 9:30 reservation. The food is still excellent and consistently fabulous the times we have stopped in between. 

They no longer do the rainbow colored martinis but still serve the "Big Red" which is a delicious Lychee martini. I also had their special Valentine's Day cocktail which was strawberry basil goodness.

We started with the edamame and short rib apps. Edamame with flaked sea salt is a large portion we took some home. Ribs also a large portion sauce was excellent. My husband had his favorite the wasabi filet. Cooked perfectly. The mash served with it is heavenly. Demi glacé makes this dish perfection. I had my favorite the Lobster roll. I dream of it! What makes this roll is the truffle soy sauce that they serve with it. I would eat that sauce alone. Our server said people often ask for it with other rolls.

Our server was very knowledgeable and just a nice guy in general. He brought us a few desserts on the house due to it being our Anni. We had smores egg rolls, mini doughnuts with raspberry dip, and Molton chocolate cake. We had left overs needless to say. 

Great first date spot! The beginning of a happy 15 years!!!
Oh, the camp!  The camp!  The horror!  The camp!

It's, like, soooo bad sixties-spaceship-mod-movie in there I can barely take it.  Plastic chairs and all! - Oh Steven Starr, you really do pull out all the stops.

The food was decent but nothing that couldn't be had at any respectable sushi joint.

The drinks were... colorful.  

The menus were... plastic. (buh?!?!)

...Classy.  

Our waiter kind of forgot about us for a while, then came back with some long-winded story about being kidnapped by a group of Penn kids (yo, I know how they can be, but that diatribe didn't even make sense!  and I totally saw you flirting with the other waiter - you could've been honest about it, I might have even found it endearing.)

The bathrooms were intense.  As soon as I walked in I felt like I was trippin' ballz.  I mean shit, there's so much color and the texture on the walls + that lighting + shadows in a small modular space = holy crap, maybe we really ARE in space.  Or maybe this is what an airplane bathroom would look like if you locked yourself inside and had only E and shrooms to eat.

I bet this place would be fun if you actually *were* trippin' ballz.  Go for a drink and lock yourself in the bathroom for a while.  The sensory overload or sensory deprivation would be totally worth it.
As others have reported: the all you can eat sushi experience is a shit show.

We arrived for our 9:30 reservation and were told it might be 20 minutes before we were seated. So, right there, you get off to a bad start. After about 30 minutes we were suddenly told that we couldn't stand where we were standing and ushered to another area. Another ten minutes passed before we were seated. 

It was, at one point, suggested that we buy drinks to pass the time. One key way to keep hungry, hungry people from being in foul moods when made to wait? Comp them a stinkin' beverage, don't suggest that they happily endure your unpreparedness

Eventually we were seated. And our waiter promptly asked us what we wanted to drink and took our order, but the fact that one of our party was allergic to shrimp threw a new wrench into the works. While, having had limited food service experience, I understand that this sort of 'all you can eat' deal necessarily leads to a frenzied environment, it truly seems like they could have prepared for the possibility that someone with an allergy might want to participate. They hadn't...and originally told my friend that they could not guarantee that any sushi wasn't contaminated, but that she was free to order off the kitchen menu, which was, you know, not what she came and waited 40 minutes to do.

The situation was positively resolved, but it wasn't without a fair amount of tension and stress. The sushi itself was fine considering the strain all the sushi chefs were under (you don't go to an all you can eat sushi experience expecting the most perfectly rolled maki of your life).

I don't want to sound too grumpy, I do understand that this restuarant probably functions much better under normal circumstances...but the fact that we weren't comped a roll or drink after a 40 minute wait and a 10 minute period in which one of our party might not have been able to eat without risking her life is, well, really annoying. 

(All that said: our waiter was great and management did the best they could, I'm sure)

The end.
As a poor college student, I (and my wallet) feel very out of place when dining here.  It just so seems that the price you pay and the quality/quantity of food that you get don't seem to match up quite well.  I mean, a roll of sushi was $8+, and I don't recall anything special was added to compensate for the extra dollars.  But I'll say, some of the drinks are pretty good.

There are, however, other good things about this place - noticeably, the decor and set up of the place.  I'll admit that I have yet to dine at a place like Pod - the sophisticated underground spaceship.  Dining in it, you can't help but to look around and appreciate the aesthetic elements of the place.  However, the sights still aren't quite worth the money. 

Overall, this could be a good place for a date or business affairs.  It's easy to find and definitely attractive for newcomers.
"Just what do you think you're doing, Dave? "

My first impression upon walking into Pod was 2001: A Space Odyssey.  The mostly white and rounded edges everywhere, the mechanized everything and the lit "pods" scattered through the restaurant all made me feel like I was aboard the Discovery One.

We sat at the bar with the conveyor belt.  As sushi rolls (in different colored bowls) slowly crept, by, we examined our options.  We grabbed a salmon roll and a yellowtail roll from the conveyor belt.  The little plastic bowls contained about 3 pieces each.  We ordered the roasted shishito peppers and the mushroom sweet pea dumplings.  The dumplings were exquisite in that they were so delicate.  My chopsticks ended up tearing the second one in half when I went to pick it up.  It didn't change the enjoyment for me, they were perfect.  The shishito peppers were also fun in that they were tossed with a soy-sake glaze and grated bonito.  Lovely snack.

The belt didn't satisfy all of our cravings so we ordered the Shiro-Aoi and the Oh Toro Tuna.  Thankfully, my dining partner has good taste in sushi and has lived in Japan.  Her recommendations were spot on and we enjoyed both of these immensely.

I don't get over to u-city much but I was impressed by Pod.  When I return, I'll dress a bit better and I'll bring a group and sit in one of the pods and change the lighting 15 times.
Like eating on the set of 2001: A Space Odyssey.  I eat lunch here about once a week and usually go for the Kaiseki express menu.

The Kaiseki menu offers 5 different choices all with miso soup, house salad and rice and for between $12 and $15 dollars you can't beat it.  It's also really fast, to the table in under 15 minutes.  

Sushi is reasonably priced and pretty good.  They don't always give you an a la carte sushi menu so go ahead and ask for one.  Good choice for a quick delicious lunch in the Penn area.
I was in Philly for a night for a conference and my hotel was adjacent to Pod.  It was my first experience dining alone.  I sat at the bar which was equipped with a conveyor belt with passing dishes of sushi.  I didn't dare grab a plate off the belt being the skeptic that I am.  Plus, the plates didn't look very appetizing ~ just ordinary salmon/tuna sushi and philadelphia rolls.  

I ordered the lobster roll and it was just average although it was presented very nicely.  I felt as if I was in an episode of the Jetsons and the food was just eh, but I had a great waiter who brought me a complimentary dessert because I was there alone.  Hey, if dining alone means free food, I'm dining alone more often!

It's a fun place to try out at least once.
My brother said this was the freshest, best fish he had had outside of Tokyo. Plus the interior looks like the rec dec of the original starship Enterprise. The happy hour colored drinks are amazing- I challenge anyone to "drink the rainbow"! You can get 6 yellowfin tuna sushi for 6 bucks, so its a great snack with drinks. I just wish they had better beer- not the same old shitty Asahi. The $7 salads were huge! and get the dressing on the side, it was swimming in it.
steve starr...hype
asian fusion...hype
real world philly hang out...hype

It's a lot of hype, and the last one should probably have given it away.

Of all the Steven Starr restaurants in Philly, I must say this one, in terms of food, is the most average and mundane. It's your typical wasabi mashed potatoes, westernized potstickers, and assorted fish steaks asian fusion restaurant. After that, Pod also offers a sushi bar and your typical Thai and Chinese stir-fry dishes. The portions are large and are done decently well, but I just expect more from a restaurant of this supposed caliber--more creativity, more daring entrees. Food-wise, it's just nothing terribly special for the price. During the multiple times that I've had recruiting dinners here or come here with friends to celebrate an occasion, I just haven't felt any change in the menu...maybe, a couple of specials...but besides that...it's been the same things repeated over and over again.

The only thing that saves Pod from being relegated to the 2-star level is the fact that it has a cool bar and some fun cocktails. It's definitely a nice place to hang around and get a drink, and I prefer it much more as a pre or post-dinner cocktail lounge because I'd much rather go somewhere else for food.

If you're in the mood for Steven Starr, Asian fusion, and cool atmosphere, go to Buddakan...it just feels more suave and I think the food tastes better there. Additionally, I hate the blue uniforms that they make the Pod staff wear.
So, you might say I'm eating my words here, given how much I hated Pod the first few times I visited.  But no!  I still think the restaurant side of things is overrated and kind of annoying.  

The sushi bar, however, is another story.  The sushi is amazingly fresh and delicious, and they recently hired a new sushi chef who's incredible -- all of his specials that we've tried have been innovative, tasty, and reasonably priced.  Between the rolls on the conveyer belt, the extensive sushi menu, the specials, and their willingness to make off-the-menu items at your request, it's hard to convince me to go anywhere else for dinner now.
Had 3 great experiences at Pod. The service was great all three times I was there.  I love the decor, very chic and modern yet very jetson like! Gotta love the convyer belt sushi bar and the fun pods. The bathrooms are modeled after an airplane bathroom ( yeah, it's interesting, not that appealing to me though!).  
What I can rave about: 
Lobster roll- Fabulous but I suggest getting one order and splitting it with a few people, may just be me but I find that if I have one or two rolls, I'm in heaven but having anymore is pushing it-they're very filling
Lettuce wraps-even if you're not a fan of  using the lettuce, get it for the beef and chicken stir fry alone! Sooo freakin good
Crab spring rolls -also yummy and the sweet chili dipping sauce is a great compliment- these springrolls are very creamy and don't have much sprout and lettuce that you usually find in a spring roll- they remind me of the crab wontons that have disapeared from the continential menu ( tear tear)
Pad Tai- I am an avid fan of pad tai and this is no disapointment!

My only neg point is that they don't open until 5 on Saturdays so you can do lunch there.
Snazzy interior design:  CHECK

Odd modular non-IKEA furniture:  CHECK

Retro and unobtrusive lighting:  CHECK

Chic wait staff and cute bartenders:  CHECK and CHECK

Conveyor belt endless maki:  CHECK

It has all of the conventions of a cheesy sushi establishment, but the food is good quality.  Not only is it a sushi bar, they also offer a wide range of Pan-Asian foods to delight and indulge everyone in your party.  The Crab Fried Rice is awesome, the crab rolls kick ass, and the noodle dishes are magnificent.  Drinks here are good - but beware - anything that's named after a color will probably have you laid out by drink 4 or 5...  I recommend the RED or ORANGE!
Walking into Pod, I had high expectations.  The atmosphere is top notch, and as I soon discovered, so is the service.  Since we made a reservation, we didn't have to wait long for our table - a cute cutout for two in the main dinning area.  Our waiter greeted us prompt, offered water, and asked if we'd like drinks.  We passed on drinks and decided to review the menu.  He came back to check on us in a few minutes, but we were helplessly lost and asked for a few more.  Again he returned and when we still weren't ready, made it clear by his actions that he had no intent on rushing us.  Still, at this point I caved and asked for recommendations - after all, I was there to eat!  Crab Spring Rolls, Lobster Roll, and Rock n Spicy Tuna were then on their way.

The food comes out as ready, with the spring rolls first.  They were good, but nothing to rave about.  The dipping sauce that accompanied them actually made more of an impression.  Once the sushi rolls arrived, we quickly dug in.  They too were good, but nothing amazing.  The spicy tuna didn't have much spicy to it and the lobster was a bit chewy.  We finished off with some Mochi ice cream for dessert. 

Now to run the formula rating in my head... great service, decent atmosphere, average food, and low value (price/food experience) means I see this one netting in the middle.
Visited here last night for dinner, we enjoyed our dinning experience. The service was excellent, the decor reminds me of an Austin Powers movie. I felt energized with the usage of orange in their decor which also softened the stark white of some furniture and walls and concrete floors.

For starters we had the Crab Spring Rolls, yummy!!! It wasn't to heavy, great flavor - my friend loved it so much that he wanted to place another order of them.   My entree was the SHRIMP  PAD THAI, great flavor and the portions allowed for leftovers the next day - they were able to adjust it so that it wasn't spicy (thank u!!!).  He had the MACADAMIA CHICKEN STIR-FRY, he loved it - enough for leftovers. 

Just when I thought it couldn't get any better, we had dessert - we had the Mochi Ice Cream, OMG - it was like nothing I ever had. The outside rice like shell with the creamy filling, we ordered the green tea, mango and passion fruit.  I want to go back again just so I can have the Mochi dessert again!!!
I love it here!!!!!! Great DECOR! GREAT FOOD! This was my 3rd time going here. First time, i took advantage of the $25 all you can eat sushi and every time i ordered, it was fresh and fast service. Drinks are good, but they are a little pricey. 

2nd time, we tried their regular menu and we ordered the calamari salad and i've gotta say this is the BEST SALAD EVER!!!! lol. the calamari came out hot and fresh on the salad and then salad had a very tasty dressing mixed into it and it was pretty big and well worth it for $11 bucks! 

3rd time, we got the table in the pod space like table, which is AWESOME!! you get to change the colors inside the pod to different lighting colors which i thought is the best idea ever. lol. 
However, this time i had the slowest waiter ever! She came by every 30 minutes. I'm sorry you really have to pick up the pace when it comes to a table of 8. And we were waiting for awhile for the dessert menu and for her to come by to get our orders. My other two times being here was not like this. So its just the waiter, she needs to get fired. LOL. 

POD is definitely BIG enough where there was plenty of space and tables. I never seen people waiting for a table there, which is ALWAYS a plus to me! The bar area is also nice, where theres couches right in front of it to sit and relax. LOVE IT! The bathrooms are airplanes bathroom which definitely fits in with their whole star trek space like theme, which i thought was just out of this world! Which i could be that creative! lol.

Overall, the food was excellent. A little pricey, but well worth it. For dessert, I recommend the vanilla mousse cake, if youre a fan of vanilla and whip cream. :) 

btw, POd is having all you can eat sushi for $25 bucks every tuesday for the summer only!! oh im so taking advantage of that for every payweek!! Lol! :D
Over-rated for sure. The sushi and sashimi are wholly unremarkable. The servers aren't particularly good at service. I admit that on my most recent visit, I needed a "special" accommodation  -- showed up for my lunchtime reservation for four with five in tow, but it wasn't so unreasonable that they could have just seated us at a bigger table. It wasn't that busy. But no, they squeezed us in a spot for four, and then reprimanded us for leaving stuff in the aisles -- we just didn't have the space to fit our legs, feet and backpack underneath our table.

The Thai Chicken Salad is really gross... the flavors are really strong, but not in a good way. Just tastes like stale sesame or something. 

At some point in the fall, I had fallen in love with the sake mojito -- probably because I was drinking on a law firm's dime -- but this last time I went there it just tasted like drinking a glass of sugar.

The experience/decor would be cooler, I guess, except I used to live in a part of the world where futuristic/mod-looking restaurant concepts just aren't that unusual.

Oh and the airport themed bathrooms really suck.
Hungry for sushi?  Grab two or three of your friends and head over to Pod, an Asian "fusion" restaurant in the heart of the city.  You'll feel like you're stepping into the pages of a magazine, given the modern feel of the...well, pod, that you're experiencing.  I've only been there for lunch -- but I recommend the chicken lettuce wraps and a house salad (big enough for two to share) for starters!  Just don't look to get too full from  the fare.  I definitely was ready to snack by the time I got back to my office. :-b
Great sushi in a funky restaurant, Pod will satisfy sushi fans of all stripes even if it takes a chunk out of your wallet. 

Pod is a little silly, but mostly fun, sushi bar/Asian Fusion place by Penn - funky lighting and decor, the conveyor belt sushi bar, and the general ambience may be worth the trip alone. My fiancee and I sat at one of the side tables and we very promptly greeted by our server, who chatted us up and was very helpful with recommendations.

After starting with a big bowl of edamame (more than enough for two, could easily serve up to four), we ordered the Lamb Tsunke ($10 - with wasabi tzatziki) and the Sushi and Sashimi Combo ($48). The Lamb is really only for one person because (a) the serving size is minuscule and (b) you will not want to share this delectable dish, with mouth watering, skillfully prepared/seasoned lamb with a really interesting tzatziki sauce with a little wasabi in it that mostly works. The combo is more than enough for two people and gives you a little bit of everything fish wise, including raw octopus. It was expertly prepared (I expect nothing less from a Starr restaurant and the fact is was nearly $50), attractive to look at, and delicious. We wrapped up the meal with a specialty bread pudding with fruity ice cream and, I kid you not, fruity pebbles on top with a sort of milky cream sauce. Strange but it worked, and really fun and unusual dish, not unlike the restaurant itself.

Overall, it's not my top high-end sushi place in the city (that would be Morimoto, which if Pod is too rich for you, Morimoto will bankrupt you), but Pod is definitely a must visit for sushi enthusiasts or people wanting a classy and unusual eating experience. Be sure to try that plum saki too - fantastic.
I've heard a lot of great things about stephan starr restaurants and i was in town visiting family so we decided to come here.

the decor here is so modern, chic, and hip!! 

i give this place 3 stars is because the food was okay. All the sushi rolls we had were good, but nothing really stood out to me. 

my family from philly seem to really enjoy it, but i guess my san diegan tastebuds doesn't agree as much.
I love Pod.  I really do.  For 10 years, I've been going here for fresh sushi, well thought out cooked food, and fantastic drinks.  In college, I was all about the sushi bar and happy hour.  Then I discovered the bento box lunch.  For $15 I could have a great meal and typically have enough food to take home for dinner as well.  Plus, it's affordable for a nice meal with friends or to go pick a prof's brain about something.  

Then I came back for grad school and all of a sudden had a recruiting budget.  This is where I got to know Pod.  Pod Caesar? Best in the city.  Seriously dee-lish. The teriyaki Kobe burger at lunch? Even my mom, who HATES Japanese food, liked this burger.  The Tuna Hand Roll 3 ways?  MMM...although I do chuckle like a 12 year old at the title.  U-Love Salmon special?  You're right, Pod... I do.  And let's not forget the Bao goodness in the Duck two ways... Those of you who actually read my reviews (i.e. Ali E. and occasionally Monica) know I love me some steamed bread.

So with that, a good friend of mine was in town, so I procured a 9:15 for me, him, Ali E, and her beau and we went for some all you can eat sushi.  I got there a few minutes late, and they told me they couldn't find my rezzie and that I was the first to arrive.  I go to check my coat and see a text from my friends that they're already seated.  Hmm. Overwhelmed and somewhat rude host desk.  Good start to the day.  We sit and it's a hot trannie mess in the restaurant.  HUGE plates of maki coming out left and right for the All you can eat festivities.  In terms of selection -- they pretty much had all the basics.  Not the cheap stuff.  Good fresh salmon, snapper, bass (which is actually super tender and not fishy at all here), fluke, yellowtail.  A few shellfishes I don't eat.  Basically your choice of maki, hand roll, or nigiri.  And if you want spicy? sure?  crunchy? sure...well...sort of (my penn roll lacked that quaker crunch).  I don't think we were aggressive enough with the ordering, what with the pay a-la-carte for everything you don't finish, but we ate well.  Waits were long, as we were in the restaurant almost 3 hours for some sushi.   But I was full as hell when I left and very pleased with my meal.
I have been coming to POD for about 8 years now.  This was my first Stephen Starr restaurant and even after all this time it is still one of my favorites.  My outlook of POD has changed over the years. At first I thought it was for "special occasion" dining and that you had to get all "fancied up" to go.  Now I feel it is more casual and relaxed.....in fact, most of time when I go it is on a whim or a last minute change of plans.

Like all of the Starr restaurants, POD really embraces its theme through its food and aesthetic.  The theme of POD (at least what I think it is) is a super chill, futuristic, dining hall filled with color,  music, and a cool quirkiness.

The interior of the restaurant reminds me of a blank canvas.  Add in the music and colored lighting (mentioned above) with the aroma of delectable food and POD is transformed into a cleverly crafted piece of artwork.

Sushi, seafood, poultry, salads, and steaks are all represented on the Asian fusion menu.  My favorite dishes are the Wasabi Crusted Fillet Mignon, the Macadamia Chicken Stir Fry, and the POD Caesar Salad ( which is large enough to split). For a drink I usually go with Pink- champagne, pineapple and cranberry juice.  

A great place to go for a few drinks (take a moment and sit on the funky red bar furniture), with a group, on a date or just to people watch! I highly recommend if you enjoy other Starr restaurants!
I'm not sure why Pod is getting such so-so reviews--I really enjoy this place.  Yes, the drinks are pretty overpriced ($12 for a guava margarita that is small is pretty absurd) and to be honest, I was not that impressed with the sushi I had.  However, this place more than made up for it with its ambiance and food.  I usually start out with the vegetable tempura or Thai lettuce wraps (the peanut dipping sauce is fabulous) and from there I get the filet mignon.  I absolutely love the filet at Pod--it simply melts in my mouth and the truffled teriyake sauce is delicious.  I'm usually too stuffed by dessert time, but when I can manage it, I usually opt for the creme brulee trio or the fluffernutter spring rolls.  This place has a great vibe to it and the service is usually spot on.  People need to give this place a chance--I think it delivers in terms of food, service and environment.
I was just here on Friday with two friends and I was pretty unimpressed.  While the futuristic, mod decor was kind of cool, it wasn't that different from places in New York I had already been to (It had the same chairs as Spice on University Pl.)  Sadly, the food in the restaurant was not as good as these other restaurants.  We all split the chicken dumpling and the sweet and sour pork dumplings (each about ~$9) which were actually pretty good (but not phenomenal.)  For an entree, I ordered the wasabi crusted filet mignon with wasabi mashed potatoes ($29!)  I'm not sure how it was screwed up, but the outside was very well done, but the inside was so rare that it made me fear eating it.  At least the mashed potatoes were okay.  My sister had a $25 sashimi plate that was "decent, but not the best."  Our other friend had the crispy grilled pork tenderloin ($19) that was surprisingly 75% fried outside.  Tastewise, it was reminiscent of a chicken nugget. Our drinks were okay, but nothing great once again.  At the end of the meal, we felt we had just wasted a whole bunch of money on our food and cab fare to West Philly.
Pod is most definitely a hot spot for all you yuppies out there.. and anyone else who wants to think they're a baller but really isn't :P 

Don't get me wrong, the food is quite delicious and the "multi-colored contemporary lounge" feel is certainly appealing to all of us college kids. The problem is that there's so much hype about this place, it's easy to get disappointed and end up spending your entire week's allowance on a few pieces of sushi and some pad thai ^^ o harro empty wallet!

I would recommend going for lunch and getting the kaiseki express, which will cost you something like $13 - 15 and you get miso soup, rice, and a scrumptious piece of fish or meat. Occasionally, they'll be cunning and offer an all you can eat $25 sushi event, which only becomes a deal when you surpass your 25th piece... i dunno about you, but I'm pretty full after about 20 pieces of maki.. the width and length of my stomach prevents me from inhaling a whale.. which would actually be ideal in such a situation

Try to be a little unconventional and order items outside of the sushi menu... the chilean sea bass is certainly worth a shot.. as well as the kobe beef burger. 

A nice place for a date.. and a great place for lunch... good replay value :)

Expect to see the entire Penn community there when you go haha.. 

-Av
Get ready for more out of town reviews from me.
Pod is a 3.5 star place, just as the Average Rating suggests.

4 stars for decor: yay for the chairs, the lights, and the martini-sipping well dressed crowd on a thursday night, but nay for the all-metal bathrooms that tried to go too futuristic.

5 stars for service: our waitress was attentive, answered q's, and  most importantly was very professional when my friend realized she had ordered the wrong sushi rolls...and left us with the "wrong" food for free. So in the end we did get the right amount of food for our money!

3 stars for price 

4 stars for food: i highly recommend the U love salmon2.0 rolls! (Smoked salmon wrapped tasmanian salmon and mango maki served with soy glaze and mango cream sauce). If you're not at the sushi bar, make sure to ask for a separate sushi menu so you're not limited to the combos (read: more expensive/complicated sushi) on the regular menu.

If I lived in Philly, I wouldn't return too soon, but I was happy to find a decent restaurant in University City on our one night in town.
Meh. Averageeeee...and over-priced. 

Atmosphere and sushi conveyor belt: impressive
Food: not so impressive  

Calamari salad: apparently Steve feels the need to have this same, boring, underwhelming, crappy salad on all of his menus. I've tried them at most of his places and the only version that is actually good can be found at Morimoto. 

Shrimp pad thai: Nice portion and presentation, plenty of shrimp, desired saltiness was there, but so was a red chili overload. I don't have an issue with hot stuff, but when it dominates every other flavor and becomes the only thing you can taste, that ruins it for me. Definitely not worth $18.

My friend got the crab fried rice and said it was great. I didn't have any, but the presentation was there and the portion size was good. 

Passion Crème Brulee (Soup) tart: Flavor good, technique bad. This dish had a creative presentation, but as soon as I cut into it, the contents started flowing out like a volcano. I wouldn't have had an issue if they didn't charge 9 bucks for it, so point off for half assing it...the pastry chef at a busy place like this shouldn't be lacking the fundamentals, especially with a popular dish like crème brulee. Anyways, unique and very strong sour/sweet taste from the passion fruit, which was actually quite good.  Although I could see the bananas, I definitely could not taste them. Thankfully, the coconut sorbet was delicious, light, and refreshing. 

Lastly, our waitress just plain sucked. My friend and I had just gotten out of neurodegenerative disease and apparently she wasn't too thrilled about waiting on two students. If I knew she was going to get the check from us and unashamedly stare at the tip section before we even left the table, the 20% we left would have been reduced to 2% (which should have been done in the first place). Apart from that loser, the hostess was very nice and friendly as was the manager who came over to ask how our dinner was (the shitty waitress did not). 

Tip:
This place is only good if a) you come for lunch or b) you come with a group where you can order ten different things and share / try everything.
I understand my review is a drop in the bucket for this place, but thought I'd throw my two cents in anyway. I love the place. Its been around for years and I've been here more than a few times. Whenever I walk in here I feel like I'm on vacation. The futuristic feel is great. I did realize tonight, though, what I believe I will do from now on is come here for happy hour. Their bar section is sleek, prices are right and small bites just right. I landed here for dinner, (it was during happy hour hours, but happy hour is only offered at the bar). We started with the cheesesteak steamed buns. It's a clever concept and my daughter and I enjoyed them. The chicken potstickers were adequate. My kid ordered the octopus and I ordered the scallops. Some of them were a bit sandy and the cream corn was a tad too sweet for me. The first few bites of the octopus dish were good but then the dish became overwhelming. The octopus at times was fatty and the flavors were so strong that we stopped eating it. The dessert was good. Again, this a great happy hour destination. My cocktail was delicious. But the end of the evening gave me a bill over $100 without the great satisfaction of an impressive meal.
Eh. I know...sad to say.

Made a reservation because of the UC Dining Days promo which entitles each person 3 courses for $30, good deal right? Wrong.

So here's the lowdown. I don't know how many of you have dined at restaurants during dining days or restaurant week but every time I have (which is 10+ times) you are each entitled to each choose 1 app, 1 entree, and 1 dessert choice--This is NOT so at Pod. 

Our server came over and informed our party of 3 that we were to choose only 2 apps, 2 entrees and 2 desserts but that the portions would be adjusted to the number of people at the table. I was not a happy camper especially since I wanted to try things that no one else at my table would eat :( and the portions were the same size as the table next to us of 2 people. I'm not complaining that they were small portions (I was full at the end of the meal) but still I feel like it's almost false advertising or that the stipulations should have been noted previously because I definitely would have chosen to dine at another restaurant (i.e. Distrito-which I dined at last UC dining days and had SO many choices and were able to try a ton for the $30 price tag) had I known this.

Anyways on to the food, we had the beef and chicken lettuce wraps, chicken potstickers, shrimp pad thai, macadamia chicken stir fry, brown sugar cake and vanilla mousse.

-The lettuce wraps were my favorite by far..however the lettuce was so small that nothing would fit in it so we ended up just eating the filling with a fork.
-The potstickers were well...potstickers nothing fabulous. 
-Shrimp pad thai - this was sad. Honestly it tasted like the stuff you make out of the box from the asian section of the supermarket. 
-The chicken stir fry was tasty but once again nothing special.
-The 2 very small pieces of cake (for 3 people mind you) were delish, the brown sugar cake was my fav. I wish they would have given us more.

This was no deal for $30/person. It would have been cheaper to order the same items a la carte...yes I priced it out. 

So thank you Pod for charging me more for a mediocre so called dining "deal" when I'm trying to save money.
Food - Pretty decent
Atmosphere - Stupidly over the top
Service - Not bad, semi aloof
Price - Don't know why it is so expensive.  Oh right, the electric bill for all the lighting.

Like everyone else said, if you want to eat with people who like to feel made important by sleek interior decor and a waiter that explains how to order off a menu, then this is a great place for you.  Some dishes were great, others underwhelming.  Don't think I will go add it to my regular rotations but would not be disappointed if someone else was picking up the tab and wanted to eat here.
First time to pod and I sat at the sushi bar.  Service was S L O W... so be prepared to wait.

I was intrigued at the conveyer belt for sure.  I was thinking "I'd love to have this in my house."  For what purpose, I have no idea.  The sushi on the conveyer belt, not so great.  Not a whole lot different than the stuff sitting in your grocery sushi take out section.

Now, on the other hand, some fresh made ordered rolls...really fresh a good.

Folks sitting next to us had some really nice looking entrees coming out, calamari salad and a shrimp fried rice.  Hmmm, maybe I should have taken that path...possibly next time.
after many years of successfully avoiding this place, i finally came back last month for a client dinner. because this was a client meeting, we splurged on the ordering, so this was the first time i'd had the opportunity to really sample a wide variety of things on the menu.

while the menu is still ridiculously overpriced, you'll notice i upgraded my review from two stars to three stars. here's why:
1. some of the cooked food was actually fairly decent: udon stir-fry, pork dumplings, eggplant, short ribs
2. ambiance is still key here, and everything is cool-y themed
3. large space can easily accommodate large parties
....and that's about it. 

here's why it's not rated any higher:
1. sushi is still crap
2. overpriced, overpriced, overpriced! did i mention this place is overpriced?
3. despite the restaurant being over half empty on a thursday night, it was still hard to flag down service

still wouldn't come here on my own dime. but on someone else's? perhaps, just perhaps.
Disney Land Asian food for adults? If there were such a thing, Pod would be leading the way. Aside from trying to be too cool, the food is just mediocre. Now, I'm just as happy as the next man to eat mediocre food if it's at a mediocre price. So you see my dilemma - Pod's pricing is anything but mediocre. I have also received less than mediocre service and that's just down right annoying when the kitchen staff can at least aim for mediocre. Over rated and over stated - that's Pod.
I've only been here for some drinks and socializing. The atmosphere and prices make it the "hang out place for the rich/cool kids on campus." The atmosphere and vibe is not so much my style, too modern and sterile feeling. 

Lots of college kids come here to see and be seen.
Will agree with the mixed reviews below. The food is OK, atmosphere is unique, but hit 40 and you could care less, though the sake mojito was great... for $10 unfortunately. Neat place to try, but I wouldn't go back.
If I were to rate this place purely on the type of customers it attracts (besides me, of course), it would get 1-star.  The unfortunate reality of being an upscale "japanese" restaurant near the University of Pennsylvania seems to attract the worst kind of people.  You know, those that valet park their Lexus, but don't tip their coat room attendants.

Okay, moving on to more important things... the food here is great.  Another Starr restaurant done right.  The interior is reminiscent of an Apple store and the music makes you think you're walking into a trend New York nightclub.  Wait, I thought I was moving on to more important things...

The menu is filled with "new" and "exotic" offerings.  Although my weapon of choice is the conveyor belt sushi bar.  For $2-5 a plate, you can pick the sushi you want, when you want it.  The sushi chefs work diligently behind the bar to whip up your favorites (and they even take special orders).

Overall, if you're looking to impress your new Penn undergrad hottie GF, this is the place to bring her to.  The food is decent, but you'll pay for it.  The atmosphere will put you both in a place where you can really enjoy each other's company.  If you're into a more modest sushi experience, I would recommend Misu (locations in Old City and Universtiy City).
The food here is solid but overpriced.  Been here with groups a few times (last year) and thankfully didn't have to pay for myself.

Sushi is not bad (though not great, either.)
Lamb was good.
Filet mignon was good.
Chicken stir-fry was okay.
Potsticker dumplings were disappointing.
Tofu Lettuce Wraps were okay.
Chicken Lettuce Wraps not as good.
Baby Bok Choy was fine.  Nothing special, but nothing wrong with it.  Just veggies.

They have some tasty cocktails and a pretty good variety of drinks in general.

Decor is impressive.  Very cool space-y theme with interesting lighting/media.  If you're in a pod, you can change the colour of the pod's lighting, but anything other than plain white light is a tad unappetizing for eating.

Service is always excellent.  Very helpful.  One time, another diner in my party spilled water all over my dress.  Staff cleaned up the spill, then Manager gave me his card and offered to pay for dry cleaning.  Wasn't necessary, but a much appreciated gesture.

If I had an expense account and visitors to entertain somewhere close to UPenn, this is one of the places I'd be happy to take them.  (The restaurant is pretty much right on campus.)
You know, when Pod first opened, it was actually good.  I'm not exactly sure what happened.  Maybe I've changed.  Maybe living in CA  made me more of a food snob.  Especially when it comes to sushi.  

That said, I can't even tell you how disappointed I am at how much this restaurant has gone down hill.  I think this place needs a complete revamp, including the menu.  What used to be cute and trendy back in the day, is just now downright annoying.   The drinks named after colors?  I'm over it.  I don't think the menu has changed one bit since it opened. 

We sat at the sushi bar, because it was pretty crowded and I didn't figure we would have a chance at getting a table.  The sushi on the belt was very vanilla.  Typical most ordered sushi and it was very bland, and stale.  No pow at all.  My husband and I ordered appetizers as our meals, because we figured we'd grab a few things off the belt.  My "dinner"  of crab spring rolls, took about 45 minutes.  For spring rolls.  When asking our server what the hold up was, she just kind of shrugged and said "that's weird, I mean, it was ordered" and then went on her merry way, as if to subliminally tell me that it wasn't her problem anymore.  I get that it's a hopping place and that we're one of the chosen few who is lucky to grace us with your presence by working here, but get over yourself and fetch my dinner.  I felt like that surreal scene in Garden State where Zach Braff arrives at his job.  

Bottom line: Pod is a total has been restaurant.   And if you need any more proof of that, just check out the woman next to you, who is probably drinking her colored martini out of a straw.
For Christmas this year, my grandmother bought me the most awesome/ridiculous dress I've ever owned. It's this little black dress covered with shiny reflective rectangles, and I look like a disco ball every time I wear it. I had worn it for New Years, but was searching for an opportunity again. Knowing that, and being a big innovative design enthusiast himself, my boyfriend chose Pod for our anniversary. 

The place definitely has atmosphere down. The bar stools were the squishiest, most comfortable backless chairs I've ever sat upon. The lighting was neat-o with the led's everywhere. I didn't personally notice any color changing except in the larger group pods, but maybe that was causing too many seizures to the majority of guests and was phased out. Honestly, it felt like I showed up to the party a little late. The restaurant has been open for a while and it didn't have quite the zing I imagine it once had. The bathroom pods were getting a little decrepit, and more like their more commonly used counter parts (port-a-potties). I also didn't like being unable to cross my legs under the table. For that much money I like to have some freedom of mobility. 

As for the food:
Kobe dim sum was obviously tasty, the food runner cooked it for us on a hot stone, which was kind of exciting, wasabi and teriyaki on the side. Are teriyaki, soy sauce, and wasabi the only asian condiments though? I mean, it's fusion, right, any other ideas?

Crab fried rice was tasty. Make sure you like onion. I do. 

Small sushi plate was more than enough for two people. But I mean...it's sushi. I prefer Vic in rittenhouse, for half the price...

Macadamia chicken was good. But it was just like any other chinese place's cashew chicken, just with macadamia nuts instead. 

And dessert was fluffernutter spring rolls. Very clever, Pod. Those were good too. Dark chocolate dipping sauce on the side. 

To sum up, if you're going to Pod, you're paying for a hyped up atmosphere and excellent service. I love having 6 different people keeping my space clean and ready for more food. And everyone was friendly and good at their job. But the food is definitely not worth the price. It was not bad, but it definitely wasn't great. The food at Pod just lacks the WOW factor. I'd say save your money, and head over to the Barbary if you really want the light show. My dress matched their disco ball perfectly too, and the bottles of Yuengling are a $1.50 cheaper.
The secret here is that there's better "asian fusion" food elsewhere in the city.  There really is.   But I urge you to visit Pod, for the ambiance alone.  It's like nowhere you've ever been before.  If you are lucky, you will get there at a time where you can actually sit in one of the pods.  I will only say this about the pods:  you can choose your own lighting, and there's 8 different colors to choose from... one of them being the most ridiculous orangey-pink ever.  And it makes your food look completely different.  I'm telling you, it's a scene.

And even though there *is* better food out there, that does not mean that Pod doesn't come through. It does, and then some.  It's *great* food. Just not *the best*.  But you need to experience Pod.   

Also, Pod is extremely accommodating.  I had a party of 15 that soon turned into a party of 25 for New Years Eve a few years ago.  We didn't even make a reservation.  We all just kind of sauntered in, with the expectation that we'd probably be turned away (we just had to try.)  Not only did Pod accommodate us, but they handled our big crowd beautifully and we were tended to in a professional, friendly manner.  On New Years Eve!  Props to Pod.   Good work.
I worked here for a year. Although I ate a lot of their food all the time, I still loved it and craved for it.

I thought everything on their menu was great, excluding a few items. The atmosphere is very hip, fun and futuristic. It got extremely busy on the weekends so you must make reservations; and don't be so picky with the seating. The window pods are so crammed.

Hmmm... where should I start? Sushi here is awesome; made by some of the best sushi chefs around. I love the sushi bar with the rotating conveyor belt, it so much fun sitting there. House salad- has a great ginger soy dressing. Lettuce wraps- great! Tonkatsu sandwich- ehhh. Short-ribs- so tender. Duck duck soup- delicious. Grilled kobe skirt steak- packed with flavor. Chilean sea bass- light and buttery. Pad thai- one of the best. Crab fried rice- everyone loves it here. 

Drinks and cocktails are also fabulous here.
Basically they've got some decent decoration and you're paying completely for the atmosphere on everything you order.   The food is terribly overpriced, which is amusing considering it's in the University district.

Japanese fusion - inconsistently good, also with regard to service time it's great for lunch and early dinner or later in the evening, but terrible at dinner.  I say it's decent for lunch because the pricing obviously comes down and is slightly better for an expensive lunch.  Also I think because of volume of business the food is better during that time.
Was here a couple of weeks ago with my two roomies. Wow! When u walk in, it's just such a kool place, very hip and futuristic. 
When we walked In we were promptly greeted, then escorted to our table which was surrounded by stylish chairs. We had no reservation btw and we were accommodated. This place was busy and still had great service from the waiter, which btw was very informative, knowledgeable and cute :)
I forget what I got but we got it on time and was delicious!!
Will definitely go back if I stayed here in Philly but I'm not. 
Of course, I still like my little hole in the wall sushi place in Downey,CA... I can't find any better place than that!
It's been a while since I've dined at Pod and I was surprised by how it has changed. It's bright white super modern decor is now more of a dingy, sticky gray. Overall, it seemed dirty- the floor, table and menu all had some funky sticky film and the bathrooms needed a good scrubbing. 

Maybe I was just sorta skeeved by the unclean sushi joint feel but, I didn't think the sushi was too great either. We got a spicy tuna roll, that was very good but, the special rolls were just okay. Not tightly wrapped, fell apart and just average. The prices are high for the atmosphere and the not so great tasting rolls. 

The service was very good, our waitress couldn't have been better. Unfortunately, I can't see coming back.
Went to POD last night for dinner and I have to tell you I will not eat there again.  The food was good but not amazing. BUT what was most alarming was it is VERY over priced!!!!  We order the sushi and sashimi platter that was $44...We were expecting some amazing pieces to come out...what we got was the average fish that we can order at any other sushi place.....less expensive as well!!!!!  Not impressed at all!!!!!!  And our server had zero personality!!!! Come on Mr. Starr......

The decor was fun and the music was great!!!!!  So I give this just one star
I am rating the drinks, not the food, as I have never had food here.

I want to hate this place, I really do. Sometimes you get swarms of teenage girls here and sometimes you get celebrities (like the dude from Entourage.) It's a strange place with a very -trying to be modern decor. However, it's practically the only place in U-city that you can get dressed up and go for a drink and lounge around. You can sit down, have some interesting cocktails, actually hear your friends over the lounge-type music, and you can be dressed in your trendy clothes and hang out. If that's what you're looking for, this is the place to go. 
The wait-staff is also very nice and attentive.
Located in University City, there's some street parking but I recommend the garage if you're not from the area. There's a garage at 38th and Walnut, Sheraton parking on 36th and Chestnut, or you can valet at the Inn next door to the restaurant ($20). 

We came for a company celebratory dinner. They seated us in the far back since we had around 20 people. I can't decide if the interior design makes me feel like I went back in time (disco era) or the future. I suppose it's more futuristic but then nothing really feels new. It's definitely funky...with lots of diff lights. It's different (in a good way).

Here are some the dishes we had to share:

-Vegetable Tempura- Veggies covered in batter and deep fried- Don't get this unless you really like tempura
-Lettuce Wraps- chicken on the side (average)
-Chicken Potstickers - Recommend!- It comes with this mayo sauce that I really liked! The dumplings were also pretty flavorful and cooked well. 
-Glazed Chilean Sea Bass- Recommend!- Flavorful Sea Bass with mashed potatoes
-Wagyu Short Rib?- Recommend!-Not sure what this is called on the menu but I really enjoyed this. Basically beef skewers- Super flavorful and tender!
-Rockin Spicy Tuna?- Not sure what this is called on the menu but it was basically cooked tuna with rice. Super spicy (which I don't mind) but I didn't really like the flavor- mushy with hard rice
-Macadamia Chicken Stir Fry- tasted like general tso's chicken 

For dessert they gave an assortment, the only thing that stood out to me was the chocolate mochi (there was vanilla ice cream inside). 

For drinks- I tried the mojito- sugary but tasty.

Service was friendly. I didn't take any pictures but the presentation is average. 

Overall, I think if this wasn't a work function I probably wouldn't visit this place. I feel like for the prices you could get better food at another restaurant. It's always fun to try new restaurants though, so try the recommended dishes if you come here!
Someone here put a good catch phrase on this place: the pod is instagram worthy. Want to go to a party and have a variety of lights and music blaring while dining on sushi? The pod is for you. Selfie away on instagram and the world will nod. For the others who want just a relaxing dinner out with that someone special, you might want to look elsewhere.

A few of us old friends decided to hook up here and we were very delighted that we were promptly seated. I loved the futuristic perspective of the place. Even the bathrooms look like it would fit well in a scene out of back to the future. Weird but very modernistic and sophisticated. It really felt like they had a clear vision when they put this together.

Now to the food and service. The service was exceptional. Everything was rolling in exquisitely and we were treated like we were guests of the Queen of England. The food is where I totally lost it. I didn't like my sushi nor the lamb chops. My friends liked their choices but we came in late, so I can't help but wonder if we were just stuck in a bad time slot for the chef's plans. I must say that the dessert was good though.

I don't think that my review does justice since I'm speaking just for myself and not for my group. Some of my friends in the group really liked the place. I think I'd be more comfortable in a conventional or traditional restaurant. But that might just be me.
What a fun place to dine!  Comically small bright red lounge couches, futuristic airline-style bathrooms, conveyor belt of what looks to be cryogenically encased sushi, tableside chopstick grilling - definitely come here on a first date or maybe just for a fun happy hour with coworkers!

Came here with friends for the University City Dining Days for the $35 per person meal and the sheer amount of food and quality definitely did not disappoint.  Would I visit here at regular prices?  Only for the sushi and trendy bar atmosphere, maybe.  And a dessert or two (I'll get to that later).

I should mention our server was really friendly, on point, and explained the menu in detail to us and answered all of our questions.  Stephen Starr's choice of server for this restaurant seems to be tall, lean, bearded or with a man bun.  Not hating it.

For starters, we tried the pork dumplings and the chicken lettuce wraps.  The dumplings and their soy dipping sauce were tasty but fried and, thus, very heavy as an appetizer and too filling to preface the rest of my meal.  The chicken lettuce wraps were very delicious and fresh (and in a large portion), but I have a hatred towards DIY, deconstructed hipster presentation, which is how that was served.  

Sushi rolls came out second/same time as the apps, which was a little weird, but was definitely my favorite dish of the night.  I'm a sushi sucker, and the jumbo lump crabmeat California roll did not disappoint and was SUPER fresh - if I come back here, I'm only ordering sushi and cocktails (for a Monday, we decided to forego the alcohol).  Friends got the shrimp tempura, which I actually wasn't crazy about since it had some sort of weird curry spice.

For entrees, we got the shrimp pad thai and New York Strip.  Pad thai was bangin' with a little spicy kick and just overall uber flavorful - kicking myself for not ordering that.  The NY Strip was, as expected from an Asian fusion joint, not ideal.  I should've went with my gut on this one.  

Not that it was bad, it was just kinda meh in flavor and execution.  For one, our friend got her shrimp pad thai a full 5-10 minutes before our steaks.  Second, the two of us both ordered it medium rare - my friend's came out medium, gradually turning to medium well, and mine came out rare, gradually turning to medium rare).  I guess the cut of meat was disproportionate, hence the uneven temperatures.  I like some meats on the rare-ish side, but I was still a tiny bit skeptical since it was very sinewy to chew and less than room temperature in the middle, so I ended up eating the medium rare half and saving the rare half for leftovers to cook a little more.  Also, more hipsterness, it was served pre-cut on a bamboo leaf placed upon a bamboo mat placed upon a concrete plate.  Like, just give me the damn plate so I can cut through all that rareness.  However, the chimichurri-type sauce on top was delicious, as were the weird lightly fried balls of potatoes with wasabi mayo.

Dessert was the most fun.  The bright purple bread pudding came with a disclaimer from our server, who informed us that it's made out of purple Japanese sweet potatoes, and came atop a bed of a creamy milk and fruity pebble mixture and topped with some sort of purple ice cream - weird AF, but nice and spongy, decadent, delicious and with a hint of coconut (I think).  Brownie with cardamom ice cream was DELICIOUS and the citrusy sauce helped cut the richness perfectly.  Best was the trio of sorbet I got: melon, blueberry and raspberry - everyone agreed that was the tastiest dessert: fresh, fruity and light and the perfect way to end the meal.

Overall, Starr Restaurants (IMHO) run the gamut from outstanding to not great at all to trying too hard.  This was somewhere between trying a bit too hard and very good, so I plan on definitely giving it another chance, hipster Technicolor kitsch aside.
I wasn't a huge fan of Pod and it's probably my least favorite Starr restaurant so far. The interior was pretty neat though. It has a futuristic and modern look with colorful lighting. I went with one friend and we didn't get to sit at one of the "pods", it seems like those are reserved for bigger groups. The table we sat us was really small and honestly, it didn't seem the cleanest. 

Even though Pod is supposed to be high-end, the sushi was mediocre and not worth the price. I won't be returning here as I've found other Pan-Asian restaurants that I enjoy more for half the price.
again, this is one of those places i end up going to because it's close to work.
it's a stephen starr japanese/asian restaurant.  it's pretty, it's modern--but i've never gotten to sit in one of the pods...
i've never been here for dinner, but as far as the lunch goes...
the good: crab pad thai.  but then again, i have a sick love for pad thai. desserts are usually good as well. 
the alright: the generic (but decent) calamari salad.  the sushi.  and frankly, most of the rest of the menu.
the ugly:  uf, it's pricey.
The Pod has been around for quite a few years already, and the problem was always that the quality was unpredictable (even though the menu rarely changed). The last few times I've eaten here, I've been content, so things seem to be getting more consistent. My most recent meal, in particular, left me pleased. I came for a group function and was initially offered the preset meal, but when I explained that I was allergic, the server gladly suggested grilled chicken and steamed vegetables. I was apprehensive (it's easy to make tasteless grilled chicken and steam vegetables), but it was savory and not overcooked (as I was fearing). That situation could have gone south quickly, but I ended up with a tasty and healthy lunch.
You should definitely experience this restaurant. It was a Tuesday night and we were able to walk in at get a good table . The decor is somewhat futuristic like something out of a Star Wars movie. The first thing you noticed is the lightning. As you can tell by my photos the lightning was red. This made it hard to read the menu. 

I guess it was our bad timing as there was a large dinner party going on. Management should have stepped in on this as the party was getting so much attention that we found ourselves waiting for everything. Our server twice came to our table and twice left without taking our drink order or food orders. We waited so long for our drinks that the bartender finally brought them to us, he did apologize twice for the wait.

The food and drinks were excellent. I recommend trying the specialty drinks and the sushi. Service was below par this night . Food was excellent. Have to try again and hope for better service .
I was very disappointed in Pod.  The service was poor and the restaurant is shabby.

 The four of us were dining at Pod for my son's birthday. He wanted Sushi and we wanted to stay in West Philly. Having eaten at Pod several years ago I remembered it as having great food and a really unique atmosphere so I made the reservation. When we arrived I noticed immediately that the interior looked worn and rundown. The floor was dirty looking, the plastic chairs were sagging so that the table was now too high, and everything seemed that it had seen better days; not the bright and clean look it had when it was young - the decor seemed tired and worn out. When I visited the restroom I found it strewn with paper towel waste.
Our waiter came over and asked if we wanted tap or bottled; we said tap. He brought water that  was room temp. When he came back we asked for ice and he brought us a glass with ice in it without an apology, just a glass with ice. We then ordered drinks, they came, food ordered etc. I don't know why, but the waiter seemed to have an attitude as if he was mad about something. He was just simply unpleasant. We ordered a second glass of wine and it never came. We finally said to forget it. He said under his breath later something to the effect that he doesn't control that ( they do use runners to serve). 

Long story short don't waste your money at Pod although I must admit the food was good (various rolls),  When I go out to eat, I also look forward to the service, space,  and ambiance, and  and Pod was sub-par. 

I guess Steven Starr sees it as a cash cow with an unlimited supply of new Penn students and parents. He really has lost sight of what it means to run a quality restaurant.
My first impressions were that this place desperately needs a renovation. That said, the food was absolutely delicious. We went on a Tuesday which was when they received their delivery. They had a blue fun tuna special bowl which was so fresh and tasty. It was as if it were caught that afternoon. Everything was fresh. We ordered wagyu beef which they sear tableside. That was a real treat and it truly melted in your mouth. 

HIGHLY RECOMMEND the Robata Grilled Street Corn. Unfreakingbelievable.

I docked it one point for some silly things, like the fact that I couldn't get happy hour drinks prices (the exact same menu) at the table. I needed to get up from the table, walk to the bar, order my drinks, and bring them back to the table, all in order to get happy hour pricing. Ridiculous. However, the drinks were delicious nonetheless.
I was in the area for lunch and decided to give Pod a try. I had been here once for dinner a few years ago and remember it being underwhelming, but thought, why not give it a second chance? I was actually pretty excited to try it again.

What did I think? Nope. Do avoid this incredibly dated, spectacularly overpriced, below-average sushi/Asian fusion joint. 

I was so disappointed. I ordered the Lunch Specialty Roll Set, which I definitely misread. I thought you get all 3 rolls but no, just one! For $16 no less! Wow what a steal...especially given that the roll I got is usually $15. 

I ordered the Rock'n Spicy Tuna roll, which was neither spicy nor rockin'. Rather, it was a tiny regular tuna roll with a tiny smother of spicy sauce and tiny pieces of soggy tempura shrimp on top. It was definitely the most tasteless spicy tuna roll I've ever had. 

The lunch special came with miso soup and salad, both of which were terrible. The miso soup had lots of tofu, seaweed, and green onions, which was great, but the onions weren't completely cut so there were large globs of partially cut green onion in it. Yum...

The salad was tiny and although it looked well-dressed, it was bland and tasteless. It tasted like spring mix...because it was spring mix. 

Finally, there was a tiny dish with pickled vegetables (carrot and pickle) included with my miserable lunch box. They were salty and pickled, nothing special. 

The service was unremarkable- neither bad nor good. 

The atmosphere is definitely dated. The sleek atmosphere you see in online pictures is actually a bit dirty in real life; it's as if everything needs a good polish or something. There's pods for small and large parties (of course), cartoons playing on a large TV without sound, hip generic music, and a conveyor belt with sushi at the bar. The conveyor belt seemed cool but a bit gimmicky if you ask me. Definitely not a reason to visit. 

Overall, I think the look was maybe cool 10-15 years ago but there are actual sleeker and more modern places (with much better sushi!) to go to in Center City. Try Fat Salmon (7/Walnut). Great sushi and a wonderfully modern and sleek atmosphere. 

TL;dr: $20 (w/tip & tax) mediocre lunch that left me full but dissatisfied with every aspect of the experience. Go elsewhere.
My friends and I came to Pod for my birthday this year and we were extremely disappointed in both the service and the food. This review was meant for  5-6 months ago but I haven't got the chance until now so the restaurant's quality may be better. Starting off, our server appeared quite annoyed or irritated when my friends and I were taking group pictures (and we were not being in anyone's way). I'm assuming he was having a bad night but it was inappropriate for him to expressed his bad attitude off on us. 

Side note: the two stars are for the kind host who seated us in the high booth that we requested 

As for the food, we stuck with the basics. The sushi rolls and their drinks were OK but the crab fried rice was a HUGE disappointment. My friends and I come from families that often eat fried rice at home and in authentic Asian restaurants. In fact, you can get the same exact fried rice in Chinatown Philly for half the price and still taste 2X BETTER. This particular fried rice at Pod was not only in an extremely small portion (at such a high cost) but there was NO flavor to it. I couldn't even tasted the supposedly crabs inside the fried rice. 

My final opinion, Pod is a beautiful restaurant with amazing decors but that was it. Nothing else impressed me.
This was my second time to Pod. My party and I went on a Tuesday night . We put in a reservation, yet had to wait almost twenty minutes for a table. One hostess was on the phone while the other just stared awkwardly. We waited to be greeted for another fifteen minutes. The server who greeted us was sparse to be seen and we waited over a half hour for all of the food to come to the table. I ordered a glass of wine with dinner and was never told that the bar was 86'd on the house pinot grigio, instead they just gave me a more expensive glass of wine. I would have been okay with the ordering the other wine, but would have preferred being aware of the change with my order. 
   The food was well prepared (and took some time) but the service could use work!

My first experience, as I remember, was better than this experience.
Ok, I'm giving Pod a higher rating now after having gone here for a fun celebration (accidentally) with friends for my birthday of all days. The orange martinis are good. Stick to those.
Today was my third and best time at Pod. I'm not sure why I haven't reviewed before, but here it is. Tonight I went for dinner with a group of 9. The food was better than I remembered for my 2 past lunches (the udon noodles I had last time were just way too salty). Tonight I had the pleasure of ordering food for 9 people to share on someone else's credit card. SCORE! We had a wide variety of foods. We started with the chicken and seafood spring rolls, rock shrimp, a salad, and chicken lettuce wraps. Out of those dishes the spring rolls were definitely my favorite. We got the large sushi/sashimi platter and the fish was excellent. Very fresh. For entrees we tried the crab fried rice, lamb lo mein, wasabi crusted filet, and sea bass. I ordered the wasabi crusted filet medium and it definitely came out closer to well-done, which was especially disappointing because they sliced it so they had to have seen the fully brown center. The sea bas was definitely my favorite of the entrees. For dessert we tried the lemon cheesecake, chocolate bread pudding, and creme brulee. All of the desserts were delicious. I'm not a huge fan of the ambiance (the colored pods kinda hurt my eyes and the bathrooms feel like an airplane bathroom). But overall it was good food and a great go-to for high-end food in University City.
I was a past my prime actor who was attempting to squeeze whatever was left out of my sponge of a career by committing to commercials in Tokyo.  I am trapped in a mediocre stateside marriage and I was feeling lost, both in life and in Tokyo's culture.

She was a newlywed who was questioning her decision, and her place in this world.  By exploring Japan, she found herself falling deeper into a state of confusion.

Together we  rediscovered what is essential and what it is we are to get out of  this life.  We explored Tokyo's night life as she showed me that that there is still joy to be found.  Engaging in deep conversations I unknowingly helped guide her towards self-actualization.

We reconnected once we returned home.  I had not seen her in months and was anxious to see how she was now faring.  We met at Pod, where we could rekindle our Japanese experience both visually and emotionally.  We sat on spongy seats which glowed neon upon contact and drank martinis that matched the light beneath us.  It was painfully obvious that we are now both in different places.  She has found her path to follow and I have learned to look back fondly upon my journey.  She no longer needs my guidance and I no longer need her spontaneity.  We'll always have Pod.
If you're looking for a "fun" place to go - POD should be a definite consideration. Funky decor, very friendly waitstaff, electronica music playing in the background - unfortunately the food is just ok.  We had
the kobe beef appetizer, the crab spring rolls, shrimp pad thai, and the rainbow roll. All were decent except for the rainbow roll - which I thought  was kinda subpar. Maybe we'll go back to give it another chance later down the road, but if we're in the mood for a great dinner, we won't be coming here.
My husband and I went on a Friday night. The atmosphere was very modern and fun. We has the crab fried rice and Thai chicken wing special. Both were ver flavorful and delicious. Would definitely get both again. For drinks, we had the spiced pear martini (good, but I would rather vodka as opposed to Jim beam ). My husband had the apples N honey cocktail. He enjoyed it but wasn't strong enough for his taste. All in all, great experience, will definitely be back again.
*Later Yelp* I've only been here once, but I love this place mainly for the atmosphere. It just has a cool, swanky vibe. The food is pretty good too. I had the lamb chops, uzuu lemon cheesecake for dessert and a lychee martini, I believe. All were pretty good...although the lamb may have been a bit too salty. I remember the service being satisfactory as well.
I only really come here for happy hours on Friday. $5 cocktails and it's RIGHT across from work. Can't really beat that, especially on a hot summer day and you're waiting for that second hand to hit 5 o'clock. You know you already have your stuff gathered and with 1 fell swoop, you've locked your computer. You seat yourself, so no waiting is a plus and a waitress comes over, you just pick a color on the rainbow. Since I'm Asian, it tastes strong enough for me, especially since I start glowing after 1, but I will get a second. Enjoying the drinks while chatting with coworkers. Yes, the seats aren't very uncomfortable. Sometimes I'll order Pod's famous lobster roll to go. It's my fave. Food in general isn't bad, but a bit overpriced.

Dang, it's only Wednesday. 2 more days ....
Came here last night for my daughters birthday, loved the ambiance as we walked thru the door we were pleasantly greeted by the hostess an had the option of sitting at the bar or lounge while we waited for the rest of our guest. Shortly we were all seated and and the waitress came an took our drink orders, she suggested a strawberry rose sangria which sounded inviting so we ordered two. The drinks came an I was a little disappointed on how small they were for 12.00, didn't taste any strawberry an was watered down or tasted that way. We ordered our food unfamiliar with the menu or options I thgt the waitress could have been more suggestive or informative. I ordered the vegetarian pad Thai which had a fish taste. The others ordered the chicken fried rice and crab fried rice. The bill came to 168.00 which was not a problem I just feel like I paid 100.00 for rice. Had she been a little more suggestive we could have ordered other things and shared the rice amongst the table as the rice portions were big enough for at least 3 people. Had I known I would have ordered two an some other options. I would love to go back an try some other options as it's Lent an I was only able to part take in vegetarian items. Can't wait to try the shrimp an fish. Overall we had a good time out an enjoyed the ambiance at the pod.
Came here for my friend's birthday dinner with a party of thirteen. When we first walked in, we were loving the ambiance and trendy, modern feel of the restaurant. Since we had a large party, they brought out a set menu. Ahead of time we were told of this, and were told it would be $55 x person which everyone agreed to. We ordered drinks after a round of vegan sushi was served, but the drinks took an exceptionally long time to arrive. A cocktail and a glass of wine were both priced at $11. $11 for a glass of cheap Cabernet is ridiculously overpriced, and we should have known by that and the wait time that we would face issues here. The food came out, and it was good...the only reason I'm not giving only one star. However, there was not much variety and not nearly enough food for everyone at the table. We all left pretty hungry. When the final check was brought, we discovered a massive bill. It turns out that the $55 x head fee that we were told about was also matched with a "seating fee" and "large party fee" both equating to almost $75 x person in addition to the original fee..and of course, drinks were not included in the $55 x head fee. I would warn everyone to stay far away from this restaurant. Hidden fees, bad service, and OK food? Not worth the hassle.
A festival of lights~!

As you've read with the other reviews - you will fall in love with the decor. Futuristic, Miami-esque, like a MAC Computer, Modern, etc etc.
It is all of that.

I do think it is a little ill placed - I would much rather enjoy Pod if it was in Center City or Olde City but come to think of it..as I'm writing this I realize that if Pod was situated elsewhere - it might not pull off the same vibe b/c of its customers? Anyways, I love this restaurant.

It's fun, trendy (for Philly), & sassy.

The food is good, but the sea bass was way too watery & sweet. I haven't tried their sushi here - but I have tried their appetizers, entrees, drinks (stiff from what I recall) & dessert.

The dessert is why I made additional trips back - with dates, with family, any chance I could get. 

I'm not sure if they still have it but if they do - order the 3 tier fondue dessert. Mini Cookies, cakes, chocolates, hello~!

So for kicks & yelp - I visited the restaurant's website to see if they still had this dessert - well I guess they call it Pod Sweet 18 now. Not sure how much they price it now but back in 2002-2004 - it was $12.

I didn't like their bathroom - the stalls are too small.

This place is good for groups of friends to hang out or to go on a date. Not so much for a family meal.
Great service, trendy and just plain cool decor, and the best sushi in West Philly.  If you're in the University City area and you need to get your fix, this is a great option. They had some interesting specials, all of the usual sushi, and japanese dishes. My family enjoyed yellowtail, tuna, salmon, and some specialty rolls, as well as the fried rice. All good quality. 

They took care of my food allergies and I didn't get sick from any of the food allergies I worry about when dining at an Asian restaurant (shellfish, soy, wheat!) 

I wouldn't go out of your way to come here, but it's definitely a great option if you go to school at Penn or Drexel or if you're visiting!
To be honest I don't know if this restaurant really earns a full 3 stars.  I've been here a handful of times (I tend to give places a couple of tries) and at all times it has been just ok.  
 
One of the times I went was with a party.  They did pretty well in accommodating us and serving us pretty quickly, but I remember the food was the usual unremarkable fusion, which generally can be underwhelming anyway.

One of the more recent times I went I ordered something like the salmon and it came in a very average teriyaki sauce.  The side of mushroom fried rice was a little bit above average.  

Never got to sit in one of the actual pods, but I can't imagine that sitting in a mini - room where you can control the lighting would make it THAT much better, unless you happen to be around 10 years old (no offense to anyone who DOES happen to find that the best restaurant invention ever.)

The sushi conveyor belt may be one of the few available around here, but I'm pretty used to them from visiting back to Japan so often that the novelty factor just does not weigh into my rating at all.

Overall, a cute place to go for something "novel" in terms of a restaurant concept, but expect just okay to a little-better-than-average food.  It's fusion, but it's really not terribly creative at all.

And by the way, the latest time I was there a server was apparently not assigned to us even though somebody seated us.  We waited more than 10 minutes before we finally flagged down a random server.  I almost left.
If you're looking for great sushi this is not the place for you. If you're looking for ambiance and excellent service this place is great. Although it is called Pods there are only two actual pods (both looked like they were for parties of 4 or more). Service was excellent and extremely attentive. The food however was mediocre.  Our Philly friends told us this was some celeb chefs restaurant but honestly we've had better sushi in suburban NJ. 

On a side note their mixed drinks were great!
Came here for the first time with a girlfriend. The ambience was very chill with a industrial Japanese/Naruto feel, conveyer belt and all. The sushi chefs and staff were all very accommodating. I asked if my salmon habanero roll could be wrapped in cucumber instead of rice, which they were able to do. When the salmon cucumber roll came out, we almost couldn't eat it bc the gorgeous presentation.     Great place for dates and larger groups.
Pod was awesome! Came here on a Wednesday night and it was pretty quiet. We had my mom's birthday dinner here and I made sure the hostess knew about it when booking. 

We were seated in their main dining area, unfortunately we didn't get a pod :( but it's ok, probably would've given us vertigo from the changing lights. 

The cocktails range from $13-18 and were a little too pricey for us. We stuck to their mocktails. I enjoyed the Strawberry Yuzu drink, very citrusy! 

Our server was very knowledgeable about the menu as well as vegan options. I ordered the Vegan Stephan roll, the mushroom & sweet pea dumplings and the udon and tofu bowl. The server quickly let me know that the udon and tofu bowl was not vegan and that she could offer us a macadamia nut tofu stir fry instead. So we did that!

The Vegan Stephan roll was fantastic. It was fresh and flavorful. I would love to have it again soon!! The dumplings and the macadamia nut tofu also hit it out of the park. I'm definitely having those again too. The server let us know that they're able to make vegan alterations to many of their dishes. Such as their Korean Berkshire pork belly. They make it with Fried Tofu and pair it with the same pairings: Korean rice cakes, gochujang and white kimchi. 

My mom enjoyed her miso soup but wasn't too crazy about her crab fried rice. She said it was too spicy and lacked flavor. My brother loves the Pod Lobster roll here. It comes with tempura lobster, masago, eel, shiso, scallion and a uni-truffle teriyaki sauce. 

I wanna come here for happy hour next!
A bit run down and dirty with expensive, mediocre food. Will probably not return any time soon
Love the futuristic ambience, love the asian fusion and the crazy color drinks.
Overpriced, way below average food. The decor is really lame and overdone. It was like dining in a cheesy virgin america flight. The sushi tasted like the boxed pre-prepared sushi. Granted, it's hard to make anything good with Asian fusion. Save yourself some money and go to PF Changs.
Right as you enter the door you start to smile. The decor is beautiful and unique, the staff are extra friendly and when the food comes, it only gets better. Soups, salads, wraps and sushi - all presented nicely and great taste. If you have some time for lunch around campus - this is the place to go!
