My husband asked the server if the person who made the clam chowder was in the kitchen, Sean said yes, why? Hubby then said, tell whoever made it, that if I didn't think my mother would jump out of her grave to slap me across the face, I would have licked the bowl!
 
Our dining experience at Popi's was stellar, from start to finish! The food was outstanding, the service from Sean, never missed a beat and the decor left us with a relaxed atmosphere. 
 
The bread, oh the bread, at first I thought it had to be Liscio's and you all know how I adore Liscio's bread, but this was one notch better! It was made by Carangi's Bakery on Oregon Ave, outstanding, so fresh, dense, flavorful, soft interior and a wonderful seeded crust. Popi's took it up three more notches by serving it with the best infused oil dipping sauce I have ever had, ladened with finely diced  zucchini, garlic, onions and peppers, seventh heaven for sure.
 
We arrived at 12:30 for lunch on a Sunday, which has an all day dinner menu starting at noon and we were the only patrons there, with a full staff hopefully getting ready for a busy day. The hostess was very congenial and welcomed us like we were old friends, standing for a few minutes at the table to inquire if we were hungry, because if we were we were sure to have our bellies full and to be totally satisfied when we left.
 
Popi's is in the deep south of Philadelphia and in a very nice section, beautiful row homes, plenty of free parking, they are just planted in the middle of a neighborhood, where I imagine they have quite a regular cliental.
 
Michael ordered the clams casino, which were the traditional baked clams with peppers, onions and bacon, however they held some spicy heat, which was a nice surprise and the clams were cooked perfectly, so tender. I had the shrimp Dijon, which were three jumbo shrimp wrapped in horseradish and bacon and each was served on a generous dollop of a Dijon aioli. The shrimp were tender, while the bacon was perfectly crisp, delicious!
 
Oh yes, that clam chowder that almost had hubby licking the bowl, was probably the very best clam chowder either of us has ever had! Sean must have heard us say that we would be sharing it, as it was planted in the middle of the table with two spoons and what a huge over filled bowl of tender clams, celery, onions, potatoes it was, in the most delectable creamy and perfectly seasoned broth. My Mama would have jumped out of her grave just to have a bite!
 
Michael had homemade ravioli's with a good marinara sauce, to which he added grilled sausage, probably six huge pillows of cheese filled goodness covered his plate and he was loving it. I am still dreaming about the chicken Marsala, tender cutlets of chicken breast that literally melted in my mouth, were swimming in the most wonderful Marsala sauce and the entire dish was garnished with an abundance of freshly sliced, sauteed mushrooms, yum.

I was hungry for a beloved putanesco sauce and sure enough, for one dollar more they made my side pasta with this. I've never had a spicy hot putanesco sauce, it had way too much heat in it, my lips burned and swelled, my eyes watered, so I brought it home to doctor up. It was loaded with capers, anchovies, olives, all flavors that I love, but I could not taste any of them. If I go this route again, I will ask them to hold the heat.
 
They have a very large bar and lounge, outdoor sidewalk seating and a fairly large banquet facility. Sheers cover the low windows on the front of the restaurant, so if you are fortunate enough to acquire a seat near the window, it provides for great people watching.
 
I have just been to several great places for Restaurant Week, Popi's was not part of the promotion, because of their location, but of my heavens, what an awesome experience they are! Delizioso!
We had a luncheon here in one of the private banquet rooms for about 30 people.  The food and service were bith excellent.  Green salad, rolls and butter, a basic penne marinara pasta course followed by a choice of 2 entrees. Crab cake or Chicken Marsala.  Both were delicious.   Super creamy (was it homemade?) Vanilla ice cream fir dessert. Sounds like no big whoop,  but it was soooooo rich tasting. I put some in my coffee. Very good coffee, too.

Rob (server) and the young lady at the door were very kind.

I would definitely come here for dinner or plan a special event here. Plus they have their own parking lot.

Great!
You have to wonder what the heck is going on at a place when the bartender is openly eating takeout from McDonald's while serving up drinks rather than their own food.  

Faithful Dining Companion and I decided to head there before heading over to a Flyers hockey game. We figure it was better to spend $20 on a good meal than on crappy chicken fingers and soda at the arena.  We were at the tail end of the 'sports rush'. Popi's is close to the stadiums AND they have their own parking lot so many people do the same as us.

We are promptly seated and menus are produced.  The restaurant is nicely decorated and clean, however the light is so low we used our cell phones to read the menu. There's romantic, soothing and there's eating in the dark.  Popi's seemed to walk that line.  Drink orders were quickly taken, then bread & oil were produced.  

One of us ordered the rigatoni bolognese and the other got chicken marsala.  Then we wait. And wait. And wait.  Our drinks go empty.  One of us goes to find someone.  Drinks are refilled.  More waiting. Bread is gone.  Did we order something complicated?  Finally, food is produced.  

It was, in a word, underwhelming.  The marsala lacked the zest that is usually present in the dish, it was rather bland and a bit chewy.  Then, one of my pet peeves. Undrained pasta.  Yep, we've got scorching hot water hiding in them there rigatonis, and that makes for such an unpleasant eating experience.   Take the extra 30 seconds and DRAIN YOUR PASTA.  Please.  Also: Bolognese sauce is NOT tomato sauce with a little ground meat and some carrots tossed in.  This sauce lacked the richness traditionally associated. I dunno, maybe it was all that extra scorching hot water swimming around in the dish.

Service was irregular. We seemed to have maybe 2 waiters kind of helping us.  They were nice enough, however the long waits, empty glasses and having to go find someone even to pay was frustrating.  Also really annoying? The hostess kept walking out the open front doors (warm-ish night) and smoking outside, either not realizing or not caring that her cigarette smoke was drifting back inside the restaurant. So we ate to the smell of cigarettes, which kind of defeats the no-smoking policy.  

This is not the same Popi's of lore. We've been here before and the experience was vastly better than this.  I am not sure if they have changed ownership, changed management or what. I can only say that whatever is happening, it was not good that night.
Popi's is pretty much your quintessential South Philly Italian establishment. Top words that come to mind include traditional and homestyle. I dined there recently with a group of about 10 people. Now I'm not Italian, but I felt like I was getting in on that "Sunday dinner" concept. 

It was a great place for a group meal! Now our reservation was pretty early in the evening, but we ended up with a large table and a "private" room. Had it been more crowded, and later, we probably wouldn't have dined privately, but it was a pretty nice set up. 

Our server was very friendly but a little quirky. She made a few harmless comments that were a little odd. She meant well and had an Italian charm so I can totally look past that. 

So apparently, I ate at Popi's years ago and then managed to order the same thing last night. What can I tell ya? If there's lamb chops on the menu and a veal dish with eggplant, I just have to have it. 

The lamp chops were prepared medium and came out on a nice bed of arugula. The sauces dripped over the arugula acting as a very savory and delicious dressing. I split the chops with my husband. If you are really hungry, don't split the chips since there are only four and they aren't super huge. 

The Veal Cecilia was another good call. The dish was sautéed veal medallions topped with slices of eggplant, tomato, mozzarella cheese served in a white wine basil and garlic sauce. It's nice to have veal dish that combines both eggplant and a white wine sauce. I feel eggplant usually gets prepared in a red sauce. I opted for penne as my side. 

We split a few bottles of wine for the table, which were pretty reasonably priced around $30. 

I had a solid, traditional Italian meal in a relaxing and welcoming setting great for a group. I'm a fan, Popi's.
I'm really glad that I was taken here recently because I don't think I would have ever found it on my own or made a decision to venture here.  I was very pleasantly surprised.

Upon walking in Popi's I was taken back by the size and decor of this restaurant.  The bar area, where I sat for a pre-meal drink was really very nice and the bartender was a good guy.  I appreciated that they had a Montepulciano d'Abruzzo available by the glass.

Once the other diners arrived, we took our round table in the corner.  We had a very sweet waitress who told us about their numerous specials that evening.  I was not paying, and as such I didn't want to jump for anything that could have been too expensive.  I'm a big fan of Frutti di Mare and I'll get to that in a second.  First the apps.

We essentially got a sampler that consisted of fried calamari, clams casino, grilled lamb chops and shrimp wrapped in bacon.  I felt everything on this platter was pretty tasty.

My entree, as I mentioned earlier had a large amount of seafood over some pasta.  Some of the mussels were not opened and I had to discard those, but that's not a major issue.  The scallops and shrimp that were in the meal were very tasty.  By the end, the linguine in the sauce on the bottom had lots of flavor from all of the seafood that was sitting on top of it.

I wouldn't call Popi's a true gourmet destination, but at the same time, if you have some people that want a South Philadelphia Italian American experience (possibly before a phils game), take them here.  They won't be disappointed.
Popis restaurant was the perfect stop for my Wife and I. We were looking for some real nice Italian food and we definitely found it at Popis. 
The restaurant is immaculate and the decor is stunning. 
The staff was just unbelievable from the hostess to the waitress and obviously the Chef. 
The food was just Dynamic. 
We were greeted immediately and seated immediately as well. Our waitress came for drink orders in a very reasonable time and promptly returned with our drink order and took our appatizer order. We didnt wait long for the apps to arrive and they were simply Amazing. 
We had Crab cakes which were out of this world. We had several other apps which were equally delicious. 
I had the Filet Trio for a main course and I can not remember a time where I enjoyed a Filet as much as I did. My Wife raved about her dinner as well. 
I would most definitely recommend this established restaurant to any of my friends and family. We will definitely be returning as it may be our new Favorite restaurant in the city. Thank you guys for an Amazing evening.
Uninspired Italian American food. The menu is trite and the quality smacks of olive garden. The only good thing was the cannoli at the end. The salads are sloppy and the my chicken was dry and one dimensional. The pasta and tomato sauce was average.
I don't have anything negative to say about my experience here. The food was fresh. Crab Cake was sensational. I would return just for that. We also got the cheese gnocchi which was excellent. We even scraped the plate clean to enjoy the homemade sauce. The bread was a good balance of chewy and soft. The service was satisfactory. We didn't wait long, waters stayed full, and specials were read. But it wasn't anything that stood out either. However you want to take that.

So why 3 stars? 

For one simple reason. It felt more like a country club then a restaurant. I guess I can blame my expectations for this. I possibly would give it a 4 if I went to an event there.
My adorable Italian grandmother (nonna) took me here after my college graduation in May, 2007 for a celebratory lunch.  

The service started with the waitress (reeking of smoke and dressed in jeans and a random T-shirt) spilling Iced-Tea all over the table.  

She then didn't know the menu at all.  I got some chicken salad and it was awful.  A few pieces of overcooked chicken, some lettuce, and a few tomato pieces.  And it was like $11.95!  Everyone else seemed to dislike their food.

It honestly seemed to be trying to play up the gangster/mafia vibe to its fullest but it just seemed tacky.
Close to the airport, I have stopped by here for dinner during a quick lay over to see my philly bestie. This place reminds me of my home town I. Jersey. The architecture is grand and old achool Italian. The lawn that lines the parking lot has that mulch smell. 
Food wise, their house salad is fresh. Their eggplant rollitini is perfect. The sauce is not too sweet or salty. The chicken parmigiana is perfectly thinly pounded and lightly breaded. 
The only thing that could make this meal better would be fresh pasta. 
Portions are heavy so we weren't able to get dessert but will be back!
We (my wife and another couple were heading to a concert at Wells Fargo the other night and we had no idea where to eat. I randomly selected Popi's based on reviews and proximity to the Wells Fargo Center. 
A. All staff were very friendly and polite. 
B. We were seated immediately. 
C. The food was fantastic, with one exception.
D. The desserts were amazing and the coffee and espresso strong and delicious. 

The food: eggplant parm, frutte del mare, chicken parm, rigatoni bolognese, Italian hot peppers and fried calamare. Everything was fantastic except for the bolognese which was a little bland and we think it was just beef and not the mix of meats (beef, veal, pork) that we are used to. Overall though, everything was hot, delicious, served in a timely manner and we all enjoyed. 

Then, after we left, my phone rings and its the restaurant..."You left your credit card here." We were literally two blocks away! Quick turn around, reteieved my credit card and off to the show. What restaurant is THAT diligent?! Anyway, now we all love this restaurant and will be making it our regular spot when we go to Philly!
I grew up near by and have many people addicted to Popi's.   I take all sorts of business travelers there, or I send them when I can't go.

My family and I know Italian food, and between the food, atmosphere and actual ease of parking, it's as good as it gets.

My go-to meal is always veal, but some co-workers are addicted to the pasta. 

Crowning achievement is taking travelers from Italy to Popi's.  They are blown away that the food is legit, as they are typically critical of anything in the USA we call food.  They really enjoy Popi's.
Having never been to Popi's, I was stoked to meet some friends for an early dinner/ late lunch.

The place is cute!  It was beautifully decorated for the holiday season too which was lovely.  

The location is also great.  I love that its both a) near I-95 and I-76 for ease of access for the suburban folk, and b) has a parking lot.  Both boded well for our group.  They seated us at a HUGE table in the back.  I don't know how many people the reservation was for, so I can't blame Popi's for this table, but there were about 10 of us, and we each had room for friends...

I enjoyed our waitress a whole lot.  She was on-it, A-ok with separate checks which was a help given this crowd, and just kind of let us do our thing.  We all got lots of drinks, and the bread was a good diversion while smart people ate their appetizers.  I was not quite as smart... but lucky for me the bread was good, as was the oil for dipping which had a pickle peppery addition that I couldn't put my finger on, but I very much enjoyed.

For my meal, I ordered the rigatoni special which was stuffed rigatoni (with ricotta) in a fra diavlo sauce with scallops on top.  It was ridiculously delicious.  I wasn't sure about cheese and scallops, but it totally worked for me!

All in all, I'd come back to Popi's in a second.  The service was great, the food was delicious, the drinks were abundant, the prices were pretty fair (though this is no bargain!), and the atmosphere was welcoming!  

I have to take off one star for the bar.  We went to grab 1 more drink before we sent our friends to the airport and we went home.  We sat at the bar for quite some time and the bartender just never came over.  She served 2 of us.  The rest never saw drinks.  C'est la vie.  I took that as my cue to go home.
Possibly the worst dining experience that I have ever had.  The waitress was inattentive a best. The food was poorly prepared. And the overall attitude was that no one cared.

The margarita was served in a pina colada glass with a straw leaving one to believe that bartender thought that salt was simply decorative.

The veal was rubbery and obviously reheated.  A steak ordered medium rare showed not even the slightest trace of pink so it was also obviously reheated or the cook is as confused as the bartender as to how food/drinks should be served.  The crabcake was just unappetizing. When asked if the vegetable of the day could be substituted with a side, we were told no.  We had to order it separately.  Fortunately the side dish was edible but not memorable.

We did not receive one drink nor any cheese for the pasta.  When the waitress finally drifted passed and we made a complaint we got the soda but not the cheese.  My dining companion had to get salt and pepper from another table as we had none and the waitress was not around.

I had eaten here years ago and thought the restaurant was wonderful but it has obviously gone down hill.  If the restaurant were busy, I could understand at least some of the issues but the place was not even half full and the food and service were still horrible.  

A word of advice, if you want good food and service and your choice is Popi's or McDonalds, I can assure you that both the food and service will be far better at Mickey D's.
What the heck is going on with this restaurant? We have been going there 10 years. Only a few blocks from Wells Fargo Center and Citizen's Bank Park in Philadelphia. It was a great stop to have cocktails, apps or even a great dinner before concerts or games. Always had been great service and better than average Italian food, even when busy. We've been there when it's been packed and had excellent service and food. The last 3 times have been absolutely lousy, both food and service. Other patrons have obviously noticed as well, since the place had very few customers. Last night, eating dinner at the bar with maybe only 2 tables filled in the entire restaurant, the bar tender disappeared for 15 minutes, dinner didn't come for an hour, only 1 entree seafood over pasta. It's a shame, it was a great place at one time but something is drastically wrong.
So last night my family and I went here for a nice Italian meal before our show at the Wells Fargo Center. First our server was rude, she refused to tell us the specials until the last person in our party arrived. She stated that she did not want to repeat herself. We waited approximately 40 mins for our entree's, after having our salads. At 7:01pm our server came to tell us that the dinner was on it's way out; by 7:30pm we still had no food. Our show was scheduled for 8pm, our reservation was for 5:45pm, there's no reason we shouldn't have had our food. We left at 7:40pm, without ever receiving our entree's. The service needs improvement. We will never return here.
Went to this place for a Sunday afternoon lunch after a charity walk. Got street parking right in front of the restaurant and could see my car from our table. The dining room wasn't very crowded but they had some private events going on in other parts of the restaurant. Decor was like Tuscany with white table cloths. Service was professional. DW ordered ravioli and I ordered a veal dish. Both were well executed. I would return if in the area.
Pass. 

To start with the positives, this place is located in a prime spot with ample parking throughout. It's very close to all the sports complexes, making it highly accessible for a pre and/or post game rendezvous.  It's a new-ish building and the aesthetics are pleasing and clean. There's a casual/upscale vibe with an all around traditional Italian motif. There are two entrances, either the main "restaurant entrance" or the through the "banquet entrance" each opening up to a parlor type area before  splitting to their respective style seating. 

We were seated in the large banquet hall in the back. The area was clean and well lit, with plenty of space for everyone. 

As far as the food was concerned - not much accommodation was made for vegetarians. The kitchen seemed to be sticking to established recipes and not delineating - I found this to be the biggest sticking point. I think some modifications could've been made so everyone could enjoy their dinner. I ended up with a plate of grilled vegetables for my "entree" - umm....thanks. The vegetables were palatable but nothing spectacular. I think the restaurant could've at least made some modifications to their panchetta infused pasta in order to make it veggie friendly - would've appreciated this moreso than a "entree" of sides. 

I did find one server that was very helpful. During dessert, instead of the tiramisu (which had eggs), he was able to come out with an ice cream sundae - hit the spot nicely! I wish he took care of my order from the beginning, could've been a better dining experience. 

Overall - I would probably pass on this place given the experience. It's a shame since there is a ton of potential!
I had been there for Lunch and it was very disappointing with the food and with the waitress attitude . Food is just out of deep freezer and warmed up in microwave and served us. Chicken was as hard as a rock . It took lot of effort to cut it with my knife and even chewing. Food didn't taste good. Even the appetizer and the dessert were horrible. 

And when it comes to the waitress , She was very unprofessional. Horrible body language . It looked like she didn't care about us.
 
Management has to take your customers seriously and be very professional all the time and  need to use fresh meat . Now a days there a tons of Italian restaurants every corner and every customer has a minimum expectations for these kind of restaurants.Other wise it takes no time to be out of business.
I came here for a birthday dinner. We had  a party of 25 people. I never been here before but I drove by it a lot. It's located near FDR Park and the Sports Complex. It's a good size restaurant and they have their own parking lot. If their parking lot is full, you can always park on the street.

Food was good. My wife and I ordered their sampler and mussels for appetizers. I liked the fried calamari and bacon wrapped shrimp the most. I had better crab cakes. My wife enjoyed the mussels. For our entrees, I had the filet trio and my wife got the Lobster Ravioli. The filet was great. One had a little bit of spice, the second one was sweet and the third one was cheesy. The flavors were just right. My wife loved the lobster ravioli.

Service was good. Our servers were friendly, attentive and nice. My water was always refilled without me asking.
Came here after a show and the environment was great and our waiter Vincenzo was awesome and fun! We got so many apps ( long hots, spinach Waldorf salad, bruschetta, and eggplant rollotini,)all of them were pretty good we finished it all lol. The complimentary read could have better. For entrees, I got the salmon topped with crab special it was good but not out of this world salmon was bland but the crab saved the dish. I got a side of asparagus with balsamic and that was delicious! My mom and aunt  split the filet trio special and they loved it. Cousin got a Caesar salad and she was not a fan.  For dessert I got the chocolate mousse cake and it was amazing and my aunt got creme brûlée and was tasty!
Easy to get to. Large parking lot. Lovely warm interior. The food was great. We had a party of 20, we reduced it to 15 and then wound up with surprise guests at the last minute. UGH. The staff was accommodating, friendly and knowledgeable. We ordered off of the regular menu and all 17 of our plates came out at once (with no mistakes). Drinks were replaced and plates cleared in a timely fashion but I never once felt rushed. It was the perfect spot for a work party. We'll be back for sure. 

Highlights for me were the homemade pasta and antipasti app for the table.
Overall very good. I had the chicken with prosciutto and cheese with light marinara sauce. The bread was warm and the olive oil was different: infused with onion, pepper, and cucumber. Also sampled the pasta with pancetta and peas. Didn't love it, but that was more my taste buds and not the dish. Service was fine.
The service was good, but the food was not worth the price. I had the crab cake and it was deep fried and mushy. The calamari was okay.
I went with a friend about a week ago as an alternative to the crowds and excessive parking prices in Center City. The place was virtually empty; about 4 at the bar and no more than 10 in the dining room. There was a Philly's game that night but I can't swear that was the reason for the sparse crowd. 

The server was attentive at the beginning but once the food came she disappeared. Eventually she returned  for a reload on drinks and some bread. The food was just average. I had the veal parm with linguine and my friend had the ravioli.

I would expect more from a South Philly Italian restaurant and maybe we just went on an off night.
Another not so great Italian meal. The restaurant had an unpleasant fishy smell that we noticed immediately as we walked in. That should have been a warning. 

Appetizers of eggplant rollatini and  an antipasto were ok -- nothing special. Entrees of veal and chicken were saltly and uninspired.   Mushy mashed potatoes and over cooked vegetables accompanied the entrees. 

Server was very nice but that was not enough to compensate for the crappy food.

Will not return.
We went to popi for our anniversary tonight and where not disappointed as usually.  We had crab cake as and appetizer still the best around. and then veal Di Marie and Gnocchi both outstanding !!! Only thin I was a little upset at was no more tiramisu  this tells you how good it is here when you run out of something. I had Creme Brûlée instead still outstanding on its own. 
Also I must say the Dip for bread olive oil combo was outstanding this was 1st time we had this here wow just wow my wife ate more bread tonight then the whole 9 years of marriage. Lol. 
Thank yo again poppi for a great experience and will be back again.
Very nice place and well priced! I had the veal chop, with string beans and sweet potatoes. Very tasty! The veal chop was on a bone and cooked perfectly! The appetizers were good too...loved the antipasto! Nice oil with hot peppers for dunking crispy Italian bread. And its all Rat Pack themed! Very cool!
We had reservations here at 6:00 on Mother's Day. We placed our orders. I opted for a seafood dish that had shrimp,  crab and scallops with salad, soup,a soda and a canoli for 38$                              
First let me start with the service.... After waiting for 30 minutes or so out came out the soup served in an Expresso cup that contained spinach and eggs in a chicken broth.  Not only was the serving chincy, but it was very bland. Salt shakers and grated cheese were set in motion I'm a futile attempt to impart flavor upon this tasteless soup.

Next up came the salad. A tiny bowl of greens with a few walnuts in a tasty raspberry vinaigrette.  

Finally came the main course. There was a huge plate of egg noodles with 4 medium shrimp and bay scallops. While crab was promised,  none was delivered.  Oh and I almost forgot to mention... it must have been well after 7 when this arrived.  Besides the fact that they gave you hardly any seafood, the cream sauce that accompanied it WAS BLAND. Again the salt shakers and grated cheese went in action to impart flavor to this bland dish. 

Since I have the rep as a human garage disposal I took the veal chops that my girlfriend's brother didn't want. Can you say gross and tasteless? They were tough and borderline fit for a human.

Finally at 7:45 came my desert.  The highlight of the night that they probably bought from Termini's. So there you have it.... over priced and bland food with terrible service. What an awful experience!
Food is so so. Service is slooooow. It's darkly lit, and rather noisy. So talking to people at your own table is a chore. Kind of a forgettable place to eat. I heard the food was fabulous...but I've had better frozen pasta. I think its local neighborhood/South Philly charm lends a lot to its legend. Residents of South Philly are big on tradition...and tend to overlook what's really going on. Popi's was probably "fabulous" 20-30 years ago. What can I say? It just wasn't a good place to eat.
A true South Philly Italian restaurant.  Five minutes in and the service is outstanding! Shred  calimari and crab cakes.  Fantastic dinner - the three filet plate is a must try!  Ask for Nicole.
First of all, the food is delicious. I don't know where the other guy ate the crab cakes, but at Popi's there is no filler, just all crab meat. Everything was great. I do have 3 complaints though. 1) the server refused to tell us the prices of the specials and asked "which one"? That is not a good trait for a server.
2) The server hit me in the back of the head with one of the plates while behind me, and 3) the charge of $1.50 to cut the Birthday cake that we brought in ourselves. We had a server and could have cut it ourselves. We even brought our own plates and forks. That nickel and dime stuff isn't necessary since you are charging high prices for dinner. That is just not good customer service!!
I've been going there for years and it used to be good. The owner died and the kids took over. It's terrible now. The father was interested in the reputation of the restaurant. The kids are interested in making a fast buck. The food is below average, the service is terrible and the owner has a pompous attitude. Always empty except for the bar area on Saturday nights and that's only because of the DJ. Overpriced, arrogant, sub-quality. I am a local so I can be honest.
OMG! I made a reservation because I heard that this place rocked! We ordered Veal Scaloppine and the chicken Cecilia. The appetizers were lamb chops and the eggplant stack. Wonderful choices. 
We heard about this young man from someone very close to me so I decided to check him out. I made sure he was working and we asked for him specifically. Well, we were not disappointed because from the moment we sat down he had our attention as he slowly and eloquently told us about the specials. 
The food was delicious but the service was magnificent!
I wholeheartedly recommend Popi's. Who is this guy VINCENZO?
My wife and I went to Popi's on Valentine's night, it was our first time there. The atmosphere was very nice they had heart shaped decorations on the table and a crooner / opera singer who was excellent. The decor is very nice. Our server was very good, he did a great job of explaining the specials and we never had to wait long for anything.   

For appetizers my wife had a (Special) mix of seafood  scallops, shrimp and sushi, I had Lollipop Lamb chops. For the entrées wife, (Special) 3-3oz filet migon all with a different sauce / topping. I had a (Special) Veal chop topped with roasted peppers, broccoli rabe and mozzarella. The food was pretty good not great but we plan on going again.
Thoroughly unimpressive. I was joined by 4 others and found everything we ordered to be watery, lacking flavor, or drowned in sauce (ravioli). We began with bacon wrapped shrimp and calamari appetizers. The shrimp were reheated and the calamari was tough. Calamari ought not be chewy and tough. My chicken alexander sat in a pool of mystery broth/sauce/something. Some of the chicken was ok, other pieces tasted like they were reheated. For the price, there must be other, better, options.
The most Italian place I've ever been. And I mean Italian as in the old school, Frank Sinatra singing, kisses at the door and gold chains everywhere. Don't expect to get seated quickly unless you know someone. 

However, the food was tasty and once we actually got seated (45 minutes after our reservation) it's came out pretty quickly. Huge portion sizes.
We only ever eat here on Sunday's, so I must say that we have never seen or heard the fat men sing. Am a bit sad about this, but will get over it soon.
This is one of those place's that you go into for a bit of familiarity, you know exactly what you'll be getting and are always happy with it. We (the BF and I) always get a warm welcome, even though we only frequent every few months, i attribute it to my BF's great tipping (he always pays for dinner on Sunday's for some reason, and..... no he's not my Sugar Daddy-I'm too damn old for one of those unfortunately) My friend who  knows Popi's as well, tells me that they simply don't get a lot of the gays in there. 
Whatever, we always get great service and the place serves really good old school Italian food.  The anti pasta is great, as are the meat dishes. I agree with Hammer Time H. that is one of the classiest places in the deep dark South Philly. Say hello to us if you notice 2 middle-aged gay men there on a Sunday with a bottle of Mark West Pinot.
I have always wanted to try this place and I did. With my kids. We had the calamari, chicken marsala and chicken fingers with fries. The chicken marsala was not good. The calamari and chicken fingers were ok. The service was really good. 

The main question is would I recommend this place. I'm not sure. I've only tried it once and it was just ok. I don't know if the marsala turned me off but that was not good. lol. I ate most of the pasta and discarded the chicken.
I have been to Popi's many times and it has been wonderful. Today was not one of those days. Just because you are busy and maybe overwhelmed it is not a reason to service barely warm, undercooked foods. We were attending a funeral lunch and I was upset that the family had to pay for chicken that everyone at our table didn't even want to eat. It was clearly a pre- cooked chicken cutlet that was put on a plate and covered with sauce. It was barely warm as was the soup and pasta. The only good things were the veggies and the cheesecake. 

I hope Popi's will read this review and make the appropriate changes.
An ABSOLUTE MUST DO!  The BEST Italian I have had in Philadelphia!  This is a little pricey, buy well worth EVERY PENNY.  The service is traditional and OUTSTANDING!  Vincenzo was EXCEPTIONAL.  Big bonus is how quiet this restaurant is.... we could actually carry on a conversation without raising volume, and I did not have a headache when I left.

I had tbe Popi's salad to start, which was EXCELLENT.  I paired the Argentinian Malbec with the Shrimp Daivlo for dinner.  DELICIOUS!  I have not had Diavlo that good before.  Finished with a Limoncella and peach poundcake.  GREAT and HAPPY ending!

If you want a nice, relaxing night out with GREAT food and EXCEPTIONAL service, this is a MUST DO!
Great thing about Popi's is that it is close to the Sports Complex.  I took my husband out to dinner before the Justin Timberlake concert, and we both had a great meal.  I made reservations b/c I've been there before and they kind of give you a hard time if you don't have reservations even though there are tables available.

I recommend getting the lamb chops and the Dijon shrimp for apps, they were absolutely delicious.  The lamb had great flavor and was really cooked to perfection.  I also like the acine de pepe soup, but my husband said it tastes like normal chicken noodle, I beg to differ.  Normally I get the chicken marsala, it doesn't stand out from others I've had, but I like it.
Amazing date amazing food amazing drinks(very generous!!)..
A bit hidden place I guess, but I'm sure the locals know this place. I don't know how much our dinner was because my date paid, but I believe the dinner for two is average 50-70? Maybe less. I wish I have a chance to visit this place again.
I have had two client lunches here and I am impressed with their old school italian look and feel.  It does pale in comparison to my personal fave of Ralph's, but it is a solid South Philly Italian Restaurant.

I do have one negative and that is why it is only listed as 3 stars.  The first time that I went there I was enjoying calamari as an appetizer.  I had one ring that I was chewing on and chewing on.  It was rubbery and at one point I gagged so hard while trying to swallow the ring of calamari that I felt my eyes bulge out of my head.  For this bad calamari I do have to knock it down a notch.

I have had a chicken sandwich and the eggplant rollatini and both were excellent.  A great option in South Philly.
Consistently good italian food. We go for lunch often. Hit or miss on slow kitchen depending on if there is a funeral going on. If the parking lot is full keep moving!!!  Not worth the wait. Bread, oil, and butter are delicious. Soups are good. Sandwiches and pastas are really good.
This Monday was Ladies fun day; on our way to a concert, we stumbled upon this Great Family owned Italian Restaurant.  As we Drove by  the smell of garlic wafting in the air sealed the deal. The menu selection was good, the ambiance cosy, old world and service was friendly.  All four of us
tried  different items. The veal and chicken Marsala were a hit, as well as the mussel in a wine, shallot and garlic sauce. 
Nick the owner was very personable and sent us his favorite eggplant dish to to try...Delicious!!  If you are going to Wells Fargo or are in that area...the restaurant is definitely a great Gem! We are all fans, especially my dear friend Charlene!
Picked Popi's because they were near Drexel and had free parking.
We were not disappointed. I braved the unknown and had Mussels in White Sauce. No I'm an addict.

All of our entrees were excellent. The desserts were great. I would have had more, but my shins were already too bruised.
i love this place.  it gets a little crowded so reservations are crucial.  the fat men singing make it feel like i'm sitting down in some italian mob movie in new york.  

the food though is extemely good.  the service is great.  i used to live about 8 blocks from this place.  classiest place in the deep deep south phila.
Only 1 mile away from the courtyard marriott naval yard. Food was served hot and fast. Never felt rushed. Ordered Popi salad which is big enough for two to share and clams casino to start. Clams were ok. Popi salad was fresh and yummy. Had the Veal with eggplant which was wonderful - served hot and fresh as well. Dessert was homemade Tiramisu which was wonderful. Bread seared was ok- would have loved a more crusty bread and the olive oil it was served with was light in taste. Other than that- nice experience.
if you want good Italian in Philly, and you want to go where the REAL Italians eat............you have found it in Popi's, and old time Philly staple.

i had veal and sausage scalopini and it was top shelf.
My wife had chicken marsala and the chicken was shreading on her plate
I've given this place 2 tries and did not like it either time and a couple I know recently ate there and they both got sick..........not food poisoning, just sick.  I feel the restaurant is lousy; however, if you have to go to the part that caters for funerals, etc., the food is VERY good.
I've eaten here twice for business lunches. The entrees are just ok tasting. I had the eggplant parm this week and it just didn't have a lot of flavor. Service is fine and the place has a nice, but noisy atmosphere. There are better places in Philly for Italian food, for sure.
I have written about this resturant before as it was my favorite, always good food, great service and good drinks. Well sad to say last two times back have been a huge disappointment. We ate there on 1/4/14, reservation made a month in advance as we were bringing friends for a treat. First seated in the banquet room almost alone, waiter was not the best as he was scattered through out restaurant . No water, had to ask, my drink of choice is a Long Island ice tea, and I'm particular about it, always great there, well I had the worst and sent it back. I ordered crab cakes, big mistake, came out cold, too much breading, and I never send food back. My spouse had the veal parm, that's his fav, again cold and over cooked. Our friends ordered pasta and said their dishes were cold and over cooked. It was evident by the food we left on the plates and didn't want doggie bags that it just wasn't Popi's finest hour. We did order two apps, shrimp de Jon and clams casino...which was very good and hot! We didn't order dessert because our friends had bought things from terminis bakery in south Philly and we were going back to their house to watch football and have coffee, the waiter said and I quote "I don't blame you, can I come" cute, it's terminis bakery! Lol...other then that time with him he was very I attentive, our bill with tip was $160.00. Not worth it and I'm so sorry Popi's but your off the list, too many restaurants to go to to spend that money and get great food/service. On the plus they do have parking which is hard to find in Philly.
We went Popi's last night and there were no tables available so we sat at the bar and they told us we could order. After placing our order at 5:23 pm, three people sat down at the other end of the bar-- ordered their food, ate it, ordered dessert, ate that, and paid. Meanwhile, a table of 12 got all of their appetizers and entrees. Keep in mind, all of this happened well before 6 pm. We had not received our food still at 6:25. We then complained to the owner and he said that it wasn't his fault--it was ours-- because they were busy. However, when we went to the bathroom we took a full lap around the restaurant only to learn that it actually wasn't that busy and there many tables available. He also threw the check in the faces when we asked for it in advance so we could speed things up. After 1 hour and 20 minutes, my friend received her overcooked steak (which the waiter/bartender wasn't their fault because "they were too busy to look at 'notes and special instructions' and that it would take a hour to make a new one") and I received my pasta. The pasta was good, however, the treatment was deplorable and extremely unacceptable. Part of running a restaurant is customer service and satisfaction and knowing how to deal with high-fluxes of people during peak hours. Therefore, I would really not recommend going. We will certainly never be going back.
Damn, I wanted to give a better review. But after my last time there this is all I can give. We were seated near the bar, a not very pleasant space that tends to echo in a really strange way. Seated near a group of young women, including an ex-employee who was visited by the all the present staff, I get the whole thing, but damn it was annoying for the other guests. 
I digress.... sorry. The appetizers were great as usual, portion size has shrunk I did notice. Entrees were the problem , at least for me. Steak cooked both well and rare (??????) and kind of gross. Sent back, was told that they would cooking a new steak for me, came out. Same steak, just all cut up into little pieces. The well done piece reminded me of roast beef. Ugh.
Disappointing.
We were so happy to find Popi's Italian Restaurant.  We chose Popi's based on online ratings, and it was a perfect selection. Everything was delicious.  My daughter's & I enjoyed dinner before walking to the Taylor Swift concert.  Adding Popi's to the agenda for the evening made the event even more memorable!
I work near the airport and there aren't that many dining options for our team. Popi's is one of our favorites. I highly recommend the House Popi salad....delicious! 

Good traditional italian food and a warm, family atmosphere. The staff is always great. 

Also good for a classier meal close to the stadiums.
Excellent dinner, wonderful waiter, Ray, who was very professional and personable.  From appetizer to dessert, everything was prepared to perfection.  We can't wait to return.  The owner, Gina, stopped at the table to see how everything was, which was a nice touch too.
Great Italian food, bread at the table, parking is not ideal, but parking anywhere in the city is difficult. If you want decent Italian good, I recommend Popi's.
Went to Popi's with my Dad and family after being picked up at the PHL airport.  Great place to stop and meet if you are in the area.  Very authentic, classy, old-school Italian spot.  Perfect meeting place to catch-up w/ family and share a divine meal.  Our group had a variety of mixed drinks, wine, appetizers, and entrees.  From fish to steak to pasta, everything was perfect.  One dish that I particularly enjoyed was an app w/ sausage and hot peppers.  I like hot stuff and this did not disappoint.  The peppers were very fresh and potent!
So disappointed!  My family and I have been to Popi's a number of times.  We have even made this restaurant a Christmas tradition after the Macy's light show.  Unfortunately, tonight was our last visit.  The young lady helping our waitress spilled a LARGE glass of ICE WATER on my husband.  The waitress was very apologetic and we tried not to make a bigger deal out of the incident or to make the young lady feel badly.  Our entire tablecloth and setting needed to be changed causing a bit of a scene in the restaurant.  The problem is, as the meal progressed, the waitress began insinuating that the incident was my husband's fault.  To top it off, no one at the restaurant did anything to compensate for the fact that my husband had to sit through his dinner in soaking wet pants.  We are so disappointed!
Carmella is the best. And the chef is awesome. And very beautiful cute Italian restaurant in Philadelphia with my cousin June and my favorite aunt in the whole world June that
I've been meaning to write this. Rats in the dining room during a funeral luncheon. Disgusting. Management could care less. They didn't seemed surprised and was nonchalant about it. No discount given either. If you like dining with Ratatouille, this is your place.
OMG!  Between the Eagles' victory parade and attending the Flyers game, my friend and I stopped to eat here since Chickie & Pete's was mobbed!  I won't even say 'dined' as that is too eloquent a description for the food.  Though the French Onion Soup appetizer was very good, the crab cake special was horrendous!  The broccoli was lukewarm and the potato slices were shriveled and cold.  The crab cakes were a disappointment.  I managed to eat one, composed of a syrupy filler with a hint of crab.  I took the second home to my dogs, who wouldn't eat it either.  This meal was my first at this restaurant, and it was definitely my last!  Even though the Flyers vendors overcharge at the arena, at least that food is edible!
We went to Popi's on recommendation from family, so I thought it would be good.  Italian food in South Philly with decent ratings, right?  Eh, not so much.  Let me say this first, excellent service.  Our waitress and additional server/bus boy were fantastic and very attentive.  We ordered caesar salads which were phenomenal.  I can honestly say, one of the best I've had.  But that was where the exceptional food, ended.  My son ordered the kids linguine and meatball, which was a decent portion, but the meatball was overcooked, and he took one bite and wanted no more.  My friend's son had ravioli and sausage which looked good, but pretty standard.  My friend had an appetizer for her meal, dijon shrimp, which came with 3 or 4 shrimp wrapped in bacon in a dijon sauce.  I thought it seemed like a small portion for the price (~$15), but that's just my opinion.  And then I ordered the gnocchi sorrentino.  I love gnocchi - it's my favorite pasta. I was underwhelmed.  It must be made with ricotta cheese, because they had a weird texture.  I've had homemade gnocchis in some of the best Italian restaurants in Philly, NJ, and NY, and I thought these were gross.  We got 2 desserts which were good, then we got the bill -- $126 for 3 dinners, 1 kids dinner, two salads, and two desserts.  I thought it was very overpriced for what we had.  Portion sizes are not at all large, and we ordered pretty standard Italian restaurant meals which have no reason to be overpriced.  I don't think I'll ever go back and probably wouldn't recommend it to my friends/family. I think this place has a lot of hype with run of the mill, standard/sub-standard good.
Don't get me wrong, the bolognese sauce was very good, but not excellent like I was expecting. Would have been much better if the paste was homemade. The service was pretty slow, which was shocking considering that only half the restaurant was open. Staff was very nice and accommodating, but not worth the trip from center city.
Tried a number of items with my group.  From the stuffed flounder,  bolognese pasta, Marsala chicken and vegetables it was all rich and good.  Good traditional Italian food.  Defiantly a good spot for a group.  Very nice and helpful staff.
Randomly discovered this place. Tried the extra specials on the menu. 3 filets in one meal with different toppings on them, I couldn't resist, and they came out in the right temperature. Potatoes were really good. 

Husband tried the Red Snapper. He liked it, but that's all I got. It was his first time trying that fish. 

Overall it was a decent place. Might go back to try the mussels, drinks were average. For the price, pretty sure I could get better food.
Went here with a total of 9 people, they were able to accommodate the large group. Large parking lot helps a lot in this area. Considering tHe size of the group the service was very good. Shared a few large appetizers, grilled vegetables, clams casino all were very good. Main courses weren't bad, I had chicken Nicole with pasta and Aurora sauce, chicken was a little dry and the sauce a little too too cheesy. My wife had veal parmigiana which she felt wasn't bad. One dish, Rigatoni Bolognese has almost no sauce, not good. Had a great Lemon cake for dessert. Summary, great service, nice atmosphere, food good but not special.
We ordered the specials. The lamb chop was great and the veal chop was done  just right. The atmosphere was nice and allowed us to have good conversation at our table.   The service was perfect and they allowed us tO split the salad 3 ways.
This place isn't good at all. The pasta sauce is always gross in taste it tastes bitter to me. Not that good at all the the chicken parmesan is so soggy it just was not good at all.
After going to a Phillies game, we checked this place out for a meal after the game.  It's close to the stadium. They have a huge parking lot, which is a huge plus as street parking was nonexistent. For a party of 5 on a Saturday night at 7pm, there was a short wait but not bad. Ambiance is old school Italian with linen table clothes/napkins, cloth bound menus, large fountains, and ornate furnishings. I will admit in my Phillies shorts, shirts, and sneakers, I felt a bit under dressed for such a formal place. There was also only 1 bathroom (stall) which led to a long bathroom wait, which is odd considering how large the place was. 

Service was good though not great. Our waitress was quick to take our orders and bring out the appetizers but then sort of disappeared. Menu has the standard Italian classics from penne a la vodka, chicken parm, and veal marsala. Prices range from $15-30. Full bar, specialty cocktails, and large wine list also avail. Good size portions as well. I split an arugula salad ($9) w/shaved Parmesan to start. Good salad with a nice lemon vinaigrette dressing.  We split the zucchini pasta w/mozzarella and tomatoes ($19) which was one of the summer specials. Dish had good seasoning though felt like it was too much tomato and not must zucchini pasta. Some of others had more issue w/their food as the gluten pasta wasn't cooked enough and had to be sent back. The lamp chops looked good so Popi's might do a better job on the meats. All in all - it was a solid after game meal!
I recently picked up some family style platters of gnocchi and chicken picante and they were both received with repeated praise. I called last minute, due to a death in the family and they could not have been more accommodating if they tried. The food was delicious, the woman that answered the phone was a sweetheart, and everything was ready and waiting at my agreed upon arrival time, which was within the hour!  I have had takeout from here previously during Covid and everything has been excellent. Go here, you won't be disappointed.
