Came here for restaurant week, as the four course meal looked appealing, but left very disappointed. Started off with a risotto that was OK, then a basic Caesar salad that needed more croutons. But the entree was the big disappointment. I had a shrimp & pasta entree. The first problem was that there was not enough shrimp for the amount of pasta. The second problem was that it's cooked in a very light sauce. It has no flavor without the sauce so I asked if I could have more sauce. I was told I could wait for more to be made when someone else orders the dish. I've been to many restaurants and have never seen a request for more sauce denied. Since I needed to get to a movie after dinner, waiting was not an option. So I ate what I could with the shrimp and light sauce and left a mound of dry pasta on the plate. Dessert was a tiramisu and some kind of pastry. Both were just ok.

The restaurant is very small and had the possibility of being romantic. But while I was there a family came in with loud children, ruining the mood. The restaurant is BYOB and a little girl asked for wine as the wine was being poured and was given someone's glass to sip. She seemed like a natural wine drinker before age 10! First time I've seen that in a restaurant. I guess at a BYOB anything goes?

With a movie theater open on the same block I'm in the area often for dinner. With Il pittore making great pasta dishes on the same block I'll continue to take my business there.
If you love food out of a box and are an inexperienced diner, then you will like this place, This is the type of food that was popular in the seventies and eighties. This is a place where you can have a plate of crappy pasta with cream sauce. It's a place where frozen pasta is "Fresh" and where everything is bland and fatty and mild. 

It's the type of food that mothers across the country make for their kids. That is a fine thing, and i am not dismissing that. However, it isn't the type of food that should be served in a restaurant. Save your money and open a can of chef boy-ar-dee. Same quality, lower price.
If you are expecting the ambiance and flamboyance of Dolce, go to Dolce.

If you are expecting fantastic homemade pasta and sauces, come to Porcini.  

What this tiny restaurant lacks in pizazz it makes up for in delicious food.  We had the quatro bruschetta, scallops, a pasta special and the ravioli.  All were absolutely fantastic.  Like, last meal on earth fantastic.  The desserts were above average, (we had ricotta cheesecake and flan) but not what you go there for.  The portions were just right--everyone cleaned their plates but didn't over eat.

The service was also fantastic.  We opened up the restaurant at 5:30, and left around 8.  We were the only ones there at the beginning, but the restaurant was quite full for a Monday night by the time we staggered home.  I will be back as soon as I can!
My boyfriend and I had reservations at Porcini last night for restaurant week. We walked in out of the 9 degree weather very excited to eat here. There were 2 other tables seated and the rest of the restaurant was empty. We waited for 5 minutes and still had not been seated even after making eye contact with the wait staff many times. We even talked to the bus boy. After 5 minutes we walked out. Clearly they were busy but were too busy for us. We walked across the street to Il Pittore and had an amazing night.

This restaurant is NOT worth your time because you're definitely not worth their time...
I am beyond disappointed with my experience here and completely shocked that some of the other reviews are totally opposite. My friend and I just had dinner here for restaurant week. It is the end of restaurant week and I'm wondering if this had anything to do with our terrible experience. Regardless, a restaurant should NEVER function this way. 

I usually love small BYOB joints, especially Italian! However, the ambiance we experienced was nothing enjoyable. We were never greeted, the tables were poorly set, there were extremely loud diners (not restaurants fault) yet no one asked them to settle down (definitely restaurants fault), and staff were completely unprofessional- I asked my friend if she thought the manager was drunk. The beginning was awkward because the waitress never said hello and then had a strange attitude that remained throughout the night. Several times she came over as if she were taking our order but just stared and then said 'hold on'. I know bad moods and this was beyond that. 

We had bread delivered with an oil and ricotta cheese. To me, that's a strange combination but I was mostly disappointed because I had no idea what it was. Sorry, but you can't plop this unappealing combo down (see pic below) without an explanation. 

Food was alright but felt like a lazy attempt. Ok taste-wise but some dishes creeped me out because of appearance. Dessert was also plopped down with no explanation and a terrible presentation (see pic below). 

I am by no means a food critic so I'll say it was decent food. However, I do know what a good atmosphere feels like and I do know how to treat other human beings, especially in a customer service dynamic and this place was extremely lacking. I honestly left feeling so strange and annoyed. I thought it was a hidden camera show. 

I say spend your money elsewhere especially because there are so many wonderful and quaint, Italian restaurants in Philadelphia.
Response to Marni B:
Check out multiple reviews on this page. seems as if we are one of the many victims treated in poor taste. I certainly don't own a restaurant, but if I did I would be sure to treat my customers as melograno did down the street once we left this homie establishment, not to mention their food is rated a lot better. ps : based on ur review stating our arrival at 8:47 I'm imagining you probably work here 

1. it was not a waiter it was the "owner"

2. it was 30 minutes after we were scheduled to be seated

3. the table which he told us was ours when we first got there had been cleaned and empty approximately 5 minutes after he told us that

4. my mother checked in about 15
minutes after for an update and he rudely said its Saturday night give me a break. (we apologize for the inconvenience of Asking for an update after being told we would be seated in 5 minutes.)

5. my dad wasn't the one that started yelling , I yelled after the owner started yelling and treating him with nothing but disrespect telling us we were ungracious people. I don't know what his definition of ungracious is, but having people wait outside for 30 minutes with no explanation and then bursting out in a childish rage to them? hmm

6. the restaurant is the size of an apartment, if u really don't have the ability to set a table in 30 minutes, it wouldn't hurt to apologize for the inconvenience. that goes a long way rather then being disrespectful to an elderly woman. That's something called class.

7. pretty funny when asking around the area (we dine at many of the restaurants and know many of the owners) how this is not this man first incident and has had numerous occasions of "disturbing neighboring residences" and causing scenes outside his restaurant. when I said "ok" and tried to walk away he continued to egg me on and say ok what are you gonna do ? ... if only his passion to fight me could have been channeled into customer service .. not trying to fight over some pasta and a hot headed owner just trying to enjoy a night with my family
I had a reservation here for a group of six people. We came across our first red flag upon arriving, when the owner clearly forgot that we had made a reservation and made us wait (in an empty restaurant) while he put a larger table together. But this, compared to the end of the night, is forgivable. As was the food which was pretty decent Italian food for Philadelphia. Under other circumstances, maybe I would have given this restaurant three or four stars. However, as we were enjoying our deserts and finishing our wine, the manager asked us to leave because people were waiting. We had been there for a little less than two hours but that is aside the point. We were in  the middle of our dessert that we paid for. It was a request that seemed very uncalled for. On the way out, one of our friends mentioned to him that the food was fine but he should not have kicked us out. I mentioned the same to him. What came next was was uncalled for: the manager started yelling (YELLING) at our party, calling us "selfish" for not allowing other people to enjoy the meal; a normal dinner would have been an hour and a half and we took two hours; people were waiting for our table. I did not know that Philadelphia has an hour an half time limit for an expensive dinner! Seriously?!

Our party was a normal group of diners, just trying to finish the dessert. We would have left ten or fifteen minutes afterward but we were kicked out first. 

The short: we were finishing dessert when we were told to leave. When two of our six friends spoke our minds, the manager lost his cool and full on yelled at us. There are too many other wonderful BYO Italian restaurants in Philadelphia to waste your time with this place. The food is okay but not worth it when Melograno is just down the block.
I can't give a review on the food.  We never had the opportunity to eat.  Showed up for a 7:30 reservation at 7:25. Then told we had to wait outside.  Which is fine. No seats.  No bench.  90 degrees out.  We're told it would be a few minutes.  Thirty minutes later we were still standing out front.  No body gave us a status update. No offer of any kind while we waited. By my count at least 5 and maybe more couples walked in and never came back out.  So they must have been seated before us.  We went in told them we were leaving and were appalled by the service with no status updates at all.  They don't care.  Food may be great.  Service is horrendous is an understatement.  Go a 100 feet down the street to Melagrano if you are looking for a good BYOB that knows how to treat people.
Second class treatment served.

Being in the tour business, I eat at hundreds of establishments every year so I have a pretty decent handle of what to expect regarding service for my large tour groups. However, those expectations are restructured when just two of us are dining.

On Friday, November 15th, we dined here for my birthday. The reviews were wonderful (overall) online and since we were attending a LIVE show nearby, this was a convenient location. We gave it a try.

Charming interior, and since we were the first diners of the night the place hadn't had the chance to get too loud yet. The initial female waitress who greeted us was very pleasant, offered us a 2-top by the front window, and was a perfect intro to the restaurant.

However, it went downhill quickly. 

As diners streamed in over the next 30 minutes the noise level was predictably increased, and the attention paid to us was substantial decreased. In such a small place, it's almost impossible to feel ignored, but, we were.

What I can only imagine was an owner soon took over all of the greeting of incoming guests and he just about drooled on himself welcoming six locals arriving just after us, even offering to pay their on-street parking for them if need be. It sounded a bit forced, but, it's better than being ignored I suppose. Although there were just eight of us in the restaurant for the first 15 minutes, he never greeted us.

In fact, he proceeded to chat with every other table but ours over the course of our meal. He did stop by once to whisk away our plates, mentioning "I hope I can balance these plates, you know I'm getting kind of old for this." *Chuckle*

It's just a week since the meal and nothing we were fed actually resonates, other than the cold bread in a basket the runner dropped on our table. We were so put-off with the uneven handling of the guests we finished as quickly as possible and headed for the door. 

Although we never saw her address us again throughout the meal, the female waitress did manage a "goodbye" to us as we left the small establishment. The owner was busy fawning over other guests.

Best of luck on your own, private adventure.
Worst food and service I've ever experienced. The waiters / owners are extremely rude. You suck
Porcini's is very small and always crowded and therefore you will be very cramped and close to the party next to you.  I guarantee you will know what the people around you have ordered and you will probably wind up in a conversation with them as well.  I would guess that the place holds about 35 people. What the restaurant lacks in atmosphere is more than made up for in delicious home-style Italian cooking.  If you are familiar with real Italian cooking, this is the real deal.  The word to describe this place is "homey".  

The homemade gnocchis are the lightest I have ever tasted.  They are no longer a regular menu item but if you call ahead they will make them for you.  They will probably wind up a special for that evening. They always have several specials in addition to the regular menu items.  My only complaint is that the portions are on the small side, so be prepared to have an appetizer, salad and dessert with an espresso or cappuccino. The salads, appetizers and desserts are dynamite as well. Also, do not be afraid to ask for more bread. I have been there numerous times and never had an entree that didn't please. It is BYOB. You can park directly across the street in a parking garage, have your ticket validated in the restaurant and receive a discount on your parking.
I had a wonderful dinner here a week ago at this small BYOB which started off a bit odd but ended with a full tummy and "we'll be back" good-byes.  The inside is small and the décor is a bit dated, but the menu looked fantastic and the place was lively on a Thursday night.  As soon as we walked in, it was terribly hot inside and the manager/owner (not sure) put his hand up for us to not move (while we stood awkwardly in the tiny door/entry way) and instructed us to "wait right there" as we almost crammed onto the first table in the middle of their dinner.  Not the best greeting but certainly not pretentious and we saw he was working amongst a bustling restaurant.  It was just enough awkwardness to make us giggle.

 "OPEN THAT DOOR and LEAVE IT OPEN" he yelled across the restaurant to us. Who us? Uh. Guess so? "Yea use that and prop the door open" Ummm.
Getting less funny, getting more hungry.
(Deep breath)
We're seated and instructed where and on what side to sit at our table, like children.
(Deep breath)
Opens wine immediately. 

Our meal started off with house bread- it was a bit dense but perfect for dipping.  The bread was accompanied by some fresh olive oil with ricotta cheese. This could have been a homerun with some salt and pepper or red pepper flakes on the table for some added kick- I appreciate having the option.  For appetizers, my date and I got some crazy good flavor bomb stuffed peppers that were the special app of the night. There were two - one red and one yellow- and they were filled with creamy (almost cheesy) risotto, sausage and topped with their elegantly simple sauce.  The sauce was a true taste of Rome in my opinion.  I cant stop thinking of them. 

For entrees, I got the Fettuccine Bolognese which was a large portion and authentic Italian.  Bonus points because all pasta is made from scratch in house which truly adds to the quality of this place.  The pasta is creamy, delicate, and smooth which allows for the stuffings/sauces to really shine.  My pasta was cooked perfectly, and the Bolognese was simple, powerful, and hearty. I had a bite of the Ravioli di Ossobucco- which was highly recommended and I can see why.  The ravioli was stuffed with braised, pulled veal shank, and fontina cheese, sautéed in sage butter, with Osso red gravy. Holy hell this was good. 

To finish- two cannoli of course. 
Bomb dinner. Until next time, arrivederci!!
Porcini is one of two places in the city I would actually pay for Italian food from (Vetri being the other, which would get 40 stars if I could, just saying). 

Price: You can spend a small fortune if you so desire, but sticking to only a pasta dish and sharing a dessert is a surprisingly affordable meal that ranks in the echelon of the most expensive meals Philly has to offer... it is really that good. 

The decor is... who cares? It's a small hole in the wall chef/owner ran operation where you sit elbow to elbow with vibrant patrons who take their time and obviously enjoy conversation and good food. I think there is even a window unit air conditioner.  If you come here, you take your time and appreciate your company and the chef's banter, not the Stephen Starr Disneyland theme park. 

Food: The fresh pasta is really the star and he makes the fluffiest gnocchi out of any I have had. His ricotta is simplicity in form and along with the quality EVOO gets you excited for what else might come. The fish entrees are always perfectly cooked, seasoned, dressed, selected... keep going with qualifications, they are all met. His red sauce is so simple and light but unbelievably flavorful it confuses you. Dessert options are usually limited but I would never order anything other than the cannoli ... using his fresh ricotta with studs of chocolate and a perfectly crunchy shell beats anything from a bakery (note: if I recall, he does not make the shells). Try it if you dare. 

The portions are not large but I wouldn't call them small either... you will go home satisfied. As another reviewer mentioned, I can appreciate a properly sized portion. 

Bullet points: Homemade pasta, homemade sauces, homemade cheese (not all of course)... not a single item is ever off target from the appetizers to the desserts. BYOB if you so desire (and you should, if only to offer to another table in need).
I've had dinner here twice, and tried to figure out what exactly it is about the food that kept me coming back. I guess the best way to describe it is that the food simply tastes fresh and real. The pasta is fresh and doughy in a way that makes you imagine it was just rolled from flour in the kitchen. The tomato sauce tastes like real tomatoes. 

This little bistro is cozy-- some tables are jammed right next to each other. It's not crowded, but it does feel a bit like you're having dinner with 20 other people in someone's living room. The wait staff is friendly and enthusiastic, and do a good job of making you feel at home.

Overall, a unique and plesant dining experience.
Lovely BYOB in the city that makes you feel like you are having dinner over at your grandma's place. The place is very small but they did accommodate our group of 5 people without a problem. The food was really delicious. We got the special for the appetizer that they had for the night: it was gnocchi with truffles. Absolutely to die for and an excellent way to start the meal. Then I got the Pescatore Paglia e Fieno, which was angel hair pasta with lots of fresh seafood like shrimp, mussels and squid. I usually never get pasta at Italian restaurants, but so glad I did here because it was super yummy and flavorful. Not sure what they put in the pasta but it tasted homemade and the white wine garlic sauce complimented the seafood and the pasta quite well. The staff were really nice and the food came out on time. One tip would be to definitely make reservations! Be prepared to wait awhile since this place is so small, even with reservations.
After a year of wondering about this restaurant & weeks of anticipation, I was thoroughly disappointed. While the ambience attempts to give off a quaint & intimate atmosphere, it just passes of as too small. While there is a current resurgence of homes being turned into storefront restaurants, this one failed to provide adequate space & comfort.

I attended this restaurant for restaurant week and found the menu to be bleak. The appetizer (asparagus risotto), was bland. The entree was chicken that had no seasoning & appeared to be chicken tenderloin slices versus an actual chicken breast. The dessert was weak and did not leave me wanting to finish it. My boyfriend ordered black & white pasta with shrimp and when he asked for more sauce (because this dish was quite dry) he was told he would have to wait until someone else ordered it. Needless to say since the restaurant only holds about 25 ppl, that never happened. 

One thing is certain, we will not visit this place again. Once was more than enough.
You'll find Porcini to be tiny, cramped and very loud, but you'll also find some very good Italian food. This used to be one of my favorite restaurants due to their incredibly light and delicious homemade gnocchi, but the last few times I've been there, they weren't even on the menu. Honestly, the food is good, but without the gnocchi, there's really no reason for me to go. The pastry with cream for dessert is also a winner every time. BYOB.
The first time I went here I was blown away.  Everything was amazing and I couldn't wait to return!  

The 2nd time I went I had talked it up to friends.  Everything was just ok and the server was horrible.  My friends weren't impressed and I felt embarrassed for recommending it.  

Last night was my birthday.  I wanted Italian and thought I'd give this place another shot.  My boyfriend hadn't been there and so we made a reservation via opentable.com.  I got a confirmation email at 8:30p that they had us down for 9:15p.  We arrived around 9:05p, a little early and the place was locked up.  No lights on, everyone was gone.  I checked my email to be sure I read it correctly and had a new email that the restaurant had cancelled our reservation.  This email came through at 9:05p.  While we were standing out front.  They didn't call us, they offered no explanation, just shut down.  Ruined my birthday and no matter how great it was the first time there is no excuse for treating paying customers this way.  I won't recommend to anyone.  

The Italian place, Melograno, a few doors down got us in right away and it was delicious.  Hopefully they'll get all the business Porcini does not deserve.
This is one of my Philly favorites.  I don't live in the city anymore, but I did a little over a decade ago when Porcini opened.  After reading the critical reviews, they consistently reflect people who went with expectations that simply don't fit this place - it'd be like reading a Stephen King novel and complaining it's too scary.  

Yes it's small, cramped, the service is sometimes a little slow, it's loud, and the food's not 4 star quality.  But, it's charming, oozing with personality, lively, warm, reasonably priced, very good (even if not great) food, BYOB, with great energy.  David, doesn't know me by name, but he recognizes me even though I come only every other year or so when I'm in town - he always gives me a huge hug and comes by to chat over dinner.  He's loud, genuine, and we always end up laughing like crazy.  If you're looking for a quiet, polished, refined meal this isn't your place.  If you want a great time, surrounded by great people, and a lot of vitality, this place is incredible.
I apologize in advance for what is going to be quite a long review, but food this good deserves detail:

The carpaccio was not on the menu, but a regular patron had requested it, and after he waved it in my mother's face she asked for a serving of her own, which was promptly tenderized while we waited (bang bang bang, such a lovely sound to hear while you dip your bread in olive oil so good that it didn't even need garlic or pepper). As a vegetarian I didn't try it, but my parents and sister were quite complimentary.

The filet mignon medallions in wild mushroom sauce were listed as a special entree, but again accommodating us, the chef/owner did them up as an appetizer, and my sister is still salivating over them six hours later. She sopped up the sauce with the bread because she couldn't bear to see it go to waste. 

A pear and  Regina cheese salad with homemade dressing of a very nuanced flavor (I think he said the sweetness was apricot) was not the most exciting item, but my mother was enchanted. 

And the gnocchi. Oh. My goodness. The light texture, the roasted sage that permeated the olive oil, the chestnuts adding just the perfect crunch to the softness of the gnocchi itself. I would recommend going here for the gnocchi alone. Seriously.

As for entrees, I only tried the farfalle that my mom and sister got (skipped the pancetta) and was very much impressed by the quality and texture of the pasta and the lightness of the cream sauce (it seems Pecorino cheese is the key).

And then the scallops. As my sister put it, "It melted in my mouth - I didn't know scallops could melt!" They were indeed perfection. The only "meat" I eat is shellfish, so if I say the scallops are good, you're hearing it from someone with a great wealth of experience - and these were /fantastic/. 

My mom and I ordered the tiramisu for dessert, and it was soaked through with Amaretto and soooooooo good. Light, fluffy, perfect. My dad ordered a pumpkin flan that he enjoyed, but I did not find particularly interesting, and my sister ordered the cannoli with cocoa-flavored ricotta and a crispy shell, which I would not normally enjoy, but found irresistible. 

And to wrap up this description of what I'm sure you now realize was the best meal I have had in a LONG time, I would like to say that the brothers who own the place were impeccable hosts. They came out and discussed each dish with us, sang my sister happy birthday, and personally went out to make sure that we got the proper discount at the parking garage. Bonding of a very high order occurred. So while this may have been a very different experience on a busy night, I am firmly in the camp with those who find Porcini's a quaint and welcoming little restaurant that serves some of the best damn Italian food imaginable.
It was 90 degrees and I had a tiring walk. As I approached.. it seemed like nothing more than a hole in the wall, adding to my grumpiness. However, from the moment I walked in, it reminded me of an Italian nonna's kitchen. The owners immediately recognized me and told me my friend was waiting for me in the back! It felt so familiar even though this was my first time visiting! They called my friend and I by our names and offered us a free glass of red wine and refills!

We ordered the burrata to start. The burrata was topped on tomatoes! It was so soft and the pairing came with vinegar and olive oil. It was so fresh!

From reading other Yelp reviews, I learned that the gnocchi, which isn't on the menu, is available to order. We were also able to customize it with an option of white or blush sauce and meat of our choice. We selected white sauce with crispy prosciutto! Not a choice we will ever regret! The gnocchi literally melted in our mouths! It was soft and fluffy and soaked up the flavor of the sauce and the meat! 

We then got the ravioli, which is a house special. Fantastic!!! The skin of the ravioli itself was sooo thin and tastey! The ravioli was stuffed with veal, which was also so fresh. We were also able to customize it with a tomato red sauce or a white sauce, since we had the gnocchi with the white sauce, we selected the tomato sauce! It was so good and it paired perfectly with the free glass of wine.

I give this place an A+ for service and an A+ for he quality of food! This is truly one of Philly's hidden treasures!
Can I give no stars??? So the customer is always right? Just had the worst experience at this place. In the vestibule waiting for a table a I literally got barreled over by an overgrown rude child. When we approached the "host", his comments were don't confront me... it wasn't my fault and I'm too old to listen to this. Well then, go get another freakin job. This is how a host greets you? Needless to say, wouldn't eat there on a bet.
Hands down our favorite restaurant.  Why?  It's all about enjoying the experience.  The food is phenomenal.  The owners make you feel like old friends.  It's not overpriced or pretentious.  Food is presented simply so that the meal can speak for itself.

It is a small room but, when other patrons have the right attitude, we've had some great cross-table conversations.  Everyone is there to enjoy themselves and it creates a great vibe.

Do yourself a favor and go on a week night and check you ego when you have to wait a little for a table.  In fact, bring an extra bottle of wine and stuff a corkscrew in your pocket as a backup to pass the time.

We've never had a bad meal at Porcini.
We decided to go to Porcini  because we had friends visiting from out of town who were running in a half marathon and they asked to go to an Italian Restaurant.  After looking at the reviews for Porcini, we decided to give it a try.  

The place is very small but we were seated promptly.  Overall, the food was ok but definitely not worth the price.  We got the Brussel sprouts which literally were two brussel sprouts cut into quarters and tossed with pancetta.  They were tasty but definitely not worth $8.  The capresse was good but again the portion was very small.  Two of us got their bolognese which was similar to what I can make at home.  My friend got the Gnocchi which was apparently very good.   I got their seafood special and was sick for much of the night afterward. 

The service was for much of the night was ok, not great and the waiter was unfriendly.  I felt like we were in their way and that they were waiting for us to eat and leave.  We did not feel welcomed at all.  

I would not recommend this restaurant.
I was trepidations about Porcini, after reading some of the reviews here, My fiance assured me that the food was consistently good there , and had eaten there with her Italian Friends. The dinning room is very small, so be assured you will be able to hear your neighbors discussions. The staff there are extremely friendly, and helpful. They are very aware of the space constraints and do everything possible to make everyone comfortable. 
The portions are not huge, but I felt like they were the right amount of food for the dishes. This is not the olive garden! there is no never ending pasta bowl! if that is what your looking for, this is not the place for you. On the other hand if you are looking for well prepared dishes where each ingredient is proportioned just right, this is the place. 
The white bean brochette app. was amazing, the beans were so well cooked and seasoned that they were creamy, to the point you wanted to savor each one in your mouth. The lemon dressing on the perfectly cooked squid enhanced the flavor, but was light enough to let the squid do it's thing. The gnocchi were perfect, the pasta of the ravioli, could have been eaten without stuffing. Sauces were flavorful, without overbearing the rest of the flavors. 
i think the food is slightly different than some peoples expectations of Italian food, not exactly bold and spicy, but more subtle and refined. Bring a good bottle of wineor two, because the well placed flavors will also compliment a fine wine. Enjoy!
I have been to Porcini many times over the past couple years, it is my favorite Italian byob. 

Me and my husband love it so much we had our rehearsal dinner here the night before our wedding. The private room upstairs was perfectly accommodating for our small dinner party, under 20 people. We were able to drop off cases of wine and beer a few days ahead of time, and when we showed up the beers were chilling on ice and everything was ready to go. Steven and David were amazing to work with, no surprise they put together an outstanding menu for the night, and made me and my family feel right at home. The cozy intimate environment was exactly what we were looking for, and the price was right.
Puh-Lease.  Don't waste your time.  The food here is nothing special.  Which is the only reason I didn't mind the impossibly small portions...maybe the owners should take the fact that we're not finishing our impossibly small portions as a hint that the food sucks.  Just saying...
Adorable (aka SUPER TINY!) byo in the Rittenhouse area!

Not too many BYO's in that area, so it is definitely worth trying. With less than 20 tables, I was surprised they had open reservations the weekend before Valentine's day. Bruchetta app was phenomenal and is a must! 

Because of the space, I would not come here with a large group on the weekend. Also, the small space makes it a little noisy but it's a perfect precursor to a night at Helium or the theatres on the block.
My worst dining experience in more than 10 years. My Open Table reservation said I needed to eat dairy free. I asked the waitress to confirm with the chef that what I was ordering was dairy free. She said it was no problem. When they brought out my food, it had mashed potatoes and a butter sauce. The waitress said oh, okay, I will bring you the menu so you can order something else. The manager came over to the table and proceeded to loudly berate me for raising my voice. He said they can't get every order right, and these things happen and I shouldn't be so upset. He then went on to say that he would not let me speak unless I lowered my voice. The noise level in the restaurant was so high that I had to raise my voice to be heard. He then continued talking, and talked over me when I tried to speak. He kept yelling at me to calm down (even though I wasn't saying anything because he wouldn't let me). He eventually brought me a different meal (grilled chicken and steamed broccoli) and they charged us full price for it.

This restaurant made my birthday celebration a disaster. The manager was so rude to me my friends couldn't believe it. The noise level was exorbitant, the spaces so narrow you had to ask people to move so you could get down the steps to the bathroom. The waitress eventually came over and apologized, claiming it was a miscommunication between her and the chef.

Do not go here unless you like rude service and people who obviously do not and cannot listen to a word you are saying. They only have about six tables, but that was obviously too many for them.
Porcini had reservations wide open on Saturday night and hubby and I were craving pasta! We had walked past Porcini multiple times and stopped to look at their menus a lot after dinner at Vic's Sushi across the street. The owner was really friendly and greeted, sat and waited on us. It's definitely a family-run restaurant, the owner was making a happy birthday call as we waited for our food, he ran back into the kitchen for the cook to say happy birthday too - it was great to see that energy and authenticity! Unfortunately, the food was subpar, we were a bit disappointed. My husband got the rigatoni amatriciana with spicy red sauce ($23) and I got their fettuccine special (tomato sauce w/ calamari and scallops, $35). The fettuccine was very similar to wide egg noodles and though made in house, were very soggy. The sauce didn't taste like much and there were only 2 scallops in the whole dish. Not really what I was looking for. My husband loved his amatriciana sauce but felt that a bucatini or longer noodle would've been better instead of a rigatoni, also he wanted more meat than just the pancetta. I would love to give them another try especially the fettuccine selvaggia - their porcini mushroom white cream sauce. It's possible that red sauce isn't their thing. Dinner was $70 for just the two entrees including tax/tip, no apps or desserts.
Horrible experience. It's small and loud, which is to be expected from a center city byob but it was everything else that was really awful. They bring out a disgusting mix of ricotta and oil with no explanation (thought it was rotten butter until we asked), the waitress asked if she could 'get this shit out of here' inquiring if she could clear our plates, food was all around gross. Then there was a group who had finished dinner and was just drinking who were watching videos and singing along LOUDLY to each song. This went on for at least 4-5 songs with staff all around. No one said anything to them. All around one of the worst dinner experiences in my 10 years in Philadelphia. Spend your money elsewhere.
why is no zero star option? it's arbitrarily a one star and this restaurant doesn't deserve this rating
This was a really good meal!  Me and 3 others came here last weekend for a birthday dinner and were so glad we made reservations, as the place is TINY.  Like, NYC hole-in-the-wall Italian joint small.  Expect to knock some elbows/chairs, but that only adds to the charm.

Starters: burrata caprese, artichoke, filet tips, mussels in red sauce
Entrees: Fruti di mare in white wine sauce, ravioli ossobucco, cannelloni spinaci, rigatoni bolognese
Desserts: All of them (tiramisu, cannoli, puff pastry)

We all split the apps and then enjoyed our own entrees.  My favorite was probably those filet tips with gorgonzola/balsamic reduction.  We all wished that was offered as a large entree, it was that good.  Mussels were tasty, but small.  Burrata and artichoke were also good, but a little small in portion, as well.

I loved my fruti di mare dish - very filling.  A little soupy in consistency (more of a broth than a sauce), but still fresh.  BF loved his stick-to-your-ribs bolognese.  I took a bite - it was good, but I've had better.  Other guests really enjoyed their ravioli & cannelloni.

We couldn't decide on a dessert, so opted for all three they offered that night.  I loved the puff pastry.  I'm not a fan of tiramisu but my friend said it was the best she's had in recent past.

Owner came out after the meal to personally greet us and chat for a while, which was really nice.

There were some minor shortcomings, like the AC not being on strong enough for that hot 90s weather outside and for the cramped interior, so our white wine sweat pretty fast.  Service was affable enough, if a little hectic.  Took a little bit of time before a server brought us waters, bread or a chiller for the white/champagne we brought.  Overall, I'd say it's decently affordable with portions on the smaller end, but we were still stuffed by the time we left, and BYOB is always a plus.
I would not come this place again. This smalllllllllllllll little Italian BYOB is SO DAMN SMALL. The waitress had trouble moving from point A to point B because the tables were so close together. I've never experienced dining in such a small area before. If I had claustrophobia I would pass out then and there. The waiting hallway is so narrow that I wasn't able to extend both of my arms (& I'm short). There are about 8 tables in a small small room with a kitchen in the back. They should get rid of four to make adequate room. Goodness gracious. 

Food was okay. Did not make up for the SMALL SMALL claustrophobic dining experience.
Food was good but the service was horrifying. Had an 8:30 reservation and were seated at a dirty table around 9:15. Quickly realized the glasses and cloth napkins were used but folded and presented as clean. We requested table be re set. Minutes after being re sat we were told the kitchen was closing and were rushed to order. Ripped up bread was brought out and then taken away by the owner. The owner was over tired & extremely unprofessional (cursing, complaining to our table). Birthday girl excused herself to briefly cry outside from the stress. Really cannot wrap my brain around the bizarre experience. There are several other reviews about the owner freaking out on customers.
Not only is this place one of the friendliest restaurants in town, it's also an establishment where you are bound to enjoy yourself immensely.    The brothers who own this place are verrrry accomodating.  The food portions are not as enormous as a place like, say, Maggiano's, but you won't leave feeling like you want to kill yourself because you ate too much.  BYOB, so bring a bottle or two to enjoy.  Cozy, so if it's a busy night, be prepared to wait a bit.  Don't worry, it will be worth it.  I suggest the linguine with pecorino and pancetta sauce or the chicken piccata.

Update 9/23/08:  new menu and now they take reservations!
We had a reservation for 8:45, we waited outside till 9:07 while the waiters were talking to everyone in the restaurant rather than setting our table. My mom went in and asked the owner when our table would be ready since we had been waiting for 25 minutes and he started yelling at her telling her he's trying the best as he can. After 35 minutes our table was finally ready,  my dad asked him what the hold up was and the owner started yelling at all of us telling us were ungracious for waiting outside for 35 minutes. He continued yelling at us in the street then closed the door on us. 
Great customer service let me tell ya.
We ended up going right down the street to Melagrano. They flipped over  table within minutes and the staff was so nice and pleasant to be around all night.
I really wish I had been able to enjoy this place.  I had 17 people there for my best friends bachelorette night.  Room upstairs was old & dated but no problem.  Waited 15 min for wine to be opened & after 1/2 hr told to order bc it was getting late.  We were waiting to order actually.  Water served after food.  Caesar was nice.  My shrimp scampi was bland but the cannelloni was great.  Didn't think much of these details with such a large party.  We were having a good time regardless.

I went to pay the check with my card & the owner in a terribly rude manner told me we had agreed on cash.  I never made this agreement.  He blew up at me in a truthfully abusive way.  I have never written a poor review but I hope no one goes thru what I experienced.  There are too many great Italian restaurants in Philly to waste money on this one.
We went to Porcini for Valentine's Day this past weekend.  This place has been on our radar for a long time, but there are only so many nights in a year, right?  Our expectations were high, and we were not disappointed.

We wanted to purchase a better bottle of wine for the occasion, but snow, and more snow, and other factors caused us to grab a large bottle we had sitting around the house.  Oh well, not the restaurants fault.  We were a little confused when we walked in because there was no maitre d' to be seen, and we were right in the middle of the dining room which is quite small (although they also have upstairs seating).  After standing around for a bit we were received and seated.

The food was awesome.  We split the calamari and the crab cake special to start, each were prepared very nicely.  The citrus flavors in the calamari really worked well.  We love us some calamari, and this was particularly good.  The crab cake was delicious but on the small side.  For our entrees, she had the lobster ravioli special, and I had the "straw and hay" linguine with lump crab meat.  Both entrees were top-notch.  The homemade pasta was awesome, as were the sauces, we were both very satisfied.

So we sat around and had some cappuccino and discovered that a table near us was without wine for their dinner.  The servers noticed and gave them the remainder of a bottle another party had left on the table, I thought that was nice of them.  I know I would not be too proud.

Overall, great food and a quaint dining environment were the main positives.  This place could be very romantic if you catch it on the right night.
Maybe my experience at Porcini was made better due to the fact that this was the dinner spot for me and my family after my college graduation but regardless, my meal here was a very memorable experience! Thankfully this very small Italian restaurant wasn't fully booked on this special day in the couple of months in advance because there are only about 13-15ish tables all very close to one another. 

My family and I were greeted by one of the two brothers who is the lead chef (I guess based on his attire), and he was very pleasant and kindly congratulated me on my graduation. I had mushrooms for an appetizer but when I reached over and tried my uncle's Caesar salad, I was awe-struck by the freshness of his romaine lettuce. It literally tasted like it was just picked a second ago. For my entree, I had the spaghetti Bolognese and it was AMAZING! It had so much flavor, I had to stop myself from gobbling every little bit down in 10 seconds. For dessert, I had a canolli that had plenty of cream coming out of both ends and a very crunchy shell to show it hadn't been sitting with the cream inside for who knows how long. 

The prices weren't outrageous and well priced for the quality. Unfortunately the brothers haven't actually been to Sicily which I was disappointed about because I would have liked to share brief experiences with them regarding my time in Sicily but oh well. If you want to impress someone with quality Italian food, look no further than Porcini.
I ate here last night and was incredibly disappointed. The food was alright, but the portion size and service was absolutely terrible. 

Our party ordered various entrees, which were all overpriced and the opposite of abundant. My appetizer of Carciofi al Forno consisted of 5 half-cut artichoke hearts. My friend's order of Ravioli di Ossobucco had maybe 8 raviolis. The bread was plentiful, but had similar consistency to cardboard: cold and stale. The entrees tasted decent, but was just not enough. 

Our service is what really pushed it over the edge. My server failed to bring me the glass of water I asked for twice. The restaurant had maybe 4 parties total so it was not busy. We were rushed into ordering our entrees because the server was concerned that "it will be busy later," which I am still unsure of what that even means. Once we were done eating, the plates were abruptly taken away, even with the food that I was still in the middle of eating. 

Overall the experience was unpleasant. I wouldn't come back, and would suggest any other Italian restaurant. There are many other restaurants in the area that will provide a much better experience.
I was a bit nervous coming here with a 5 year old in tow, as it definitely didn't appear to be a kid friendly restaurant. It's a tiny little apartment turned restaurant with a few tables downstairs and a few tables upstairs. Not fancy, but charming and "homey" for sure. 

It's BYO, so our waitress instantly corked our wine and was friendly and efficient throughout the night. The owner came by (twice) and spoke to us for awhile. He was actually happy to see we had brought my son, who was occupied playing on the phone. Although my son had his leftover PB&J from the Franklin Institute (super picky and there wasn't anything on the menu he would've eaten), the owner didn't mind the least and made my son feel most welcome. The chef also made a point to come by in the middle of our meal. The friendliness of all who worked there is a big part of what made this an enjoyable experience. 

For the food... we started with the burrata which was tasty. I had the branzino special for my meal. It was good, but I am spoiled and have hade some of the best branzino dishes in Miami. I knew it would be difficult to compete with. For dessert we had the cannoli, the tiramisu, and another pastry dessert that I don't recall the name of it. I found the tiramisu to be a little too strong. The other two were delicious! 

I can't say that I was totally blown away by the food (which is a rare occasion for me in general), but the attentiveness of the owner, chef, and staff made me want to visit again. Also, I should have tried a pasta dish... so if I were to return, that's what I'd do!!
Rude, arrogant service - atleast on the phone. I called and asked for menu options for the vegetarians in our party and was told that they had better things to do than answer that. Arrogant attitude.
I have a hard time giving a a dining establishment 4 stars when I pay 20 dollars for what looked like a side order of penne and meatballs. It was very good. The chef and owner were very friendly, but I just wanted to eat. I think this is a perfect setting for taking a date to impress, but other than that, it didn't prove to be fantastic by any means.
"The food was really good"

"The food is always good"

My exchange with my wife last night and sums up my experience here.
I'd been to Porcini once before and had a better experience, but even with that there are many Italian restaurants in Philadelphia that I would recommend over Porcini (think Melograno, La Viola, Osteria, etc).

We called ahead and made a reservation specifically because my brother was running the marathon and needed to eat/go to sleep early. The reservation group ahead of us (7pm) waited over half an hour to get seated, we waited 45 minutes (7:15 reservation) as did the party behind us. The host was rude and service was terrible the entire rest of the meal. We waited too long for our entrees and ended up getting done more than an hour after I had planned to finish eating.

The food was ok (especially liked the ravioli appetizer) but for the price, wait, terrible service, and less than ideal atmosphere, your money is better spent elsewhere.
I give Procini only 4 stars because of it's lackluster ambiance, but the food was so phenomenal that I could have been eating in a cell block and not have minded much.

The house-made ricotta that was brought out moments after we settled in was divine. So creamy that it made me wonder if it was butter at first, but so light that I concluded it wasn't.

My entree was spaghetti del mar and I found myself practically licking the plate! It tasted so incredibly fresh. The sauce was sweet and light and delectable. The portion was certainly not huge, but I am someone who prefers a portion size that is meant to be eaten in one sitting and doesn't leave you feeling bloated.

Like many BYOs, it is a teeny tiny place so don't come unless you're ready to make friends with your neighbors. The service is intimate and friendly to the point of being familial. 

As long as you know what to expect as far as decor and space issues go, I don't think you will be disappointed with Porcini. Magnifico!
My new favorite Italian byob.  It's plain simple, delicious looking and tasting food.  Yesterday, was the first day of spring, in my opinion.  We decided to walk over to porcini instead of Melograno, and will continue to do so.  This meal was perfectly executed in my opinion.  

Gnocchi in San Marzano spicy red sauce was phenomenal!

Egg noodles and mushroom sauce, mmmmm, perfect and delicate with a tad of richness.

The star of the meal had to have been the filet appetizer.  I thought it was going to be a carpaccio for some reason, but I was pleasantly surprised with 4 succulent bites of meat with balsamic glaze and a perfectly paired cheese.  So good.

They obviously have regulars and I can see why.

Sorry, had to mention the tiramisu.  We unlocked a free dessert on yelp, and my boyfriend ordered it to go...I don't think he realized it was pretty rude to order a free dessert to go, so maybe that's why it was a tiny portion? 

I really liked that the chef came out and spoke to us about the meal, too.
Thanks for a great meal:)
As a New York- Philadelphia transplant, I've really had a hard time finding a restaurant with great Italian food in Philly.  After reading the numerous positive ratings on Yelp about Porcini's reasonable prices and delicious food, I was pumped to try it out with some friends of mine. 

When you walk in the place, it is very cozy (almost felt like walking into a doll house).  Upon receiving our food, I was very surprised, however, that all of the entrees were TINY appetizer portions.  I've never experienced this at an Italian restaurant in my life. And, contrary to previous posts, the food was fairly expensive. (Average of $25 per entree).  The taste was just OK - nothing to write home about. Two friends ordered the veal, one ordered the Cannelloni, and I ordered the shrimp with pasta.  We actually all left hungry and in search of another place to eat.  

On a positive note, the staff seemed friendly.
First of all, this place is tiny!  It's probably not the best spot for a large group for an impromptu dinner.  Reservation would be a must since it gets quite crowded by 8pm.  I started with the grilled calimari marinated in lemon and capers.  It's very good and should get the lips smacking.  Just like lot of the reviewers said, definitely bring a bottle.  If you didn't prepare, no worries, there is a wine shop with a great selection just a block and half down the street.  I had the Tagliatelle pasta with sweet sausage and it was very good.  Sausage can be a bit salty but with the pasta, it's a good blend.  My company had the special fish, St. Petersburg, and Pescadora pasta.  The latter is outstanding.  All of it went down very well with the great bottle of San Angel Pinot Grigio from Tuscany.  We opted for the vanilla custard for dessert and it was so good.  Overall, it's a great cozy little place for very good italian without blowing out the budget.
Over priced, poor quality food.. I am being generous giving this 2 stars.. small and not very well kept, tables were not neatly set some had salt pepper and cheese, some didn't very disappointed.. I ordered the special stuffed shells and meatballs, shells were crunchy baked and overcooked, save yourself 28bucks and buy some sangiorgio pasta and Ragu.. Meatballs were nothing but ground beef.. no flavor..will never go back..the cappuccino was nothing but some folgers in my cup.. The server didn't know if they had any hot tea.. guess what.. big surprise.. they didn't.. 2 appetizers 2 entres 1 cup of cappuccino and a desert was $124.00  as I think about it.. I just removed a star..
Excellent food at a reasonable price and bring your own wine. 

The assagio appetizer for two was a great sampler. We both had pasta with seafood; both were excellent. Cheesecake for dessert was different than what one might expect but still good.
This restaurant was highly recommended to me by a friend.  She said to request the spinach gnochi with the creamy tomato sauce.  It is BYOB and there is a wine store on Chestnut between 19th and 20th.  She said say hi to David and Steven for her!  Her name is Desiree and she is from Dallas too!  They are closed on Sunday evenings so I missed it on my last trip to Phili :(
They do take reservations for parties of 6 or more! And the guy on the phone was super nice - I'll have to come back and actually review the food later...
--
ex post facto:  so we couldn't make our 7 pm reservation, which i let them know about at 6:45, and by 6:55 they had already given away our table (a friend of mine showed up at that time to see if we could get the table).

so they wouldn't seat us until everyone was there, so they have a room above the dining room where you can sit and drink and socialize.  my traditional east coast friends (i've been calmed from being on the west coast) were up in arms cause the guy took a long time to come up and cork our bottles.  it seemed like they needed more staff than the one bus boy, one waitress, and owner/maitre de (sic), etc.
 
but, once we were sitted the dining room smelled great, food was great, ambience was comfortable and nice, etc.  here's some food comments:


the shrimp and pasta was mediocre, the bruschetta is great, the lasagna is great and the salmon was good but the plate looked un"styled".
I think ppl should take a hint from all the mixed reviews on here --- Porcini is inconsistent at best.  I think it's cute all these "New Yorkers" like the place.  Reality is for the price, the quality and portions should be higher.  A woman I was with once giggled nervously when they brought out a $26 veal special that was seriously four bites.  People need to get out more if they think this place is fantastic.
Porcini is a good little Italian BYOB neighborhood joint.  I imagine the new location of Melograno is giving the restaurant extra overflow business, a good thing, as many people would overlook the small storefront hidden on Sansome.  
Service  (the owner!?) has been uber-friendly and is one of the highlights of dining there.
Worst BYOB I've been to ! Came in with a group and as we we're waiting for guests to arrive we asked for bread and were told we can't have bread until we order appetizers. The server never asked us if we wanted appetizers at the time. The server also told my friend to move into table closer two times, very rudely . The tables are like 3 inches apart to begin with! Food was not authentic! Lacked serious flavor! Blah! This is why I cook at home. Tiny cash only BYOB should be more welcoming
This is a great little BYO on Sansom, right down the street from Melograno.  Not sure how I've never been there, but armed with a bottle of white, stopped in for a Thursday night dinner.  We shared the octopus and calamari and appetizer which wasn't the best I've ever had, but it was cooked properly.  Bread with olive oil and ricotta was nice, but would be better if they warmed the bread.  I had the eggplant appetizer with a side of fettuccine for my entree.  It was really good, although their tomato sauce is a little on the salty side for my taste.  The eggplant was cooked really nicely though, and I ate the whole thing.  

Service was great.  Our waitress was very attentive and everyone there was very friendly.  They must have a large room upstairs because there was a birthday party for 30 people up there.  The main dining area is tiny.
We ordered the broccoli rabe, the garlic bread, bucatini, angilotti, cannelloni, tiramisu, cannoli, and puff pastry. Everything was fantastic. Not just good. Not just great. Genuinely fantastic.

I read some of the other reviews. Some of the negative ones complained about a few things: crowded-loud and small portions. Crowded? Sure, but I didn't mind. I hate restaurants that are too loud, but somehow this wasn't. I'm not sure how? But I was charmed as soon as I was seated. As for the portion sizes, they were more than generous. No one in our party could finish their meals. Even the appetizers were generously sized.

We had an 8:15 reservation, but we were not seated until 8:30. But it is worth mentioning that this was not because the service was slow, but because every table was full and the patrons were slow too leave. Once seated, the service was not just attentive but charming.

We will be returning.
So many things wrong ... nightmare experience, read on to compare if it tops your worst restaurant experience ever ... we had a reservation and arrived to find out there was no table available.  After 10 minutes, we were finally seated upstairs, where it is very loud.  It's BYOB, so we brought a very good bottle of Riesling.  First, our wine glasses were dirty, so we asked for other wine glasses.  They only had one extra.  The waiter said he would bring another but never did.  The owner then put two empty water glasses on our table and proceeded to pour our wine into the water glasses (they never gave or offered us water).  Then, the waiter gave us menus from the table next to us.  The menus were filthy from whatever that table was eating.  Another waitress then came to the table and started to tell us the specials.  We said that she didn't need to tell the specials since we knew what we were ordering.  The waitress then gave us a nasty look and said, "OK, I'll give you a minute to decide."  We said no, we know what we want, but the waitress just walked away.  She came back a minute later and we ordered.  Before our food arrived, the owner brought two wine glasses to our table and poured our wine from the water glasses to the wine glasses (very improper).  When we took a drink, the wine glass smelled like B.O. (it was probably dried with a dirty smelly rag).  When we notified the owner, he said, "It's probably a soap smell."  When we said it's definitely not a soap smell, the owner then tried to pour the wine in the stanky glasses back into the water glasses.  We stopped him so he took our bottle and poured new wine in the water glasses (two glasses from a $20+bottle of wine gone).  We ordered the cheese salad and seafood pasta (w/ shrimp, mussels and squid).  The salad was a plate of lettuce with a quarter sized piece of fried cheese, that's all ($11).  The pasta had only two shrimp and the "squid" was calamari, only about 4-5 circles ($27).  Before, our meals came, we ordered a diet coke from the waitress who smugly nodded yes but never brought a diet coke.  While we were eating, the waiter came by and poured water in my wine (remember they put wine in our water glasses, three glasses of wine wasted).  At this point, we complained and the waiter said that they would make up for it and would make sure we were taken care of.  A minute later, the waiter showed up with a quarter bottle of wine he took from another table (remember its BYOB) and presented it like it was a new bottle.  We rejected his offer to drink someone else's bottle and asked for the check.  Despite the representation that we would be "taken care of", they gave no discount on the check (despite them wasting three glasses of our wine).  We paid and left.  Worst experience I've ever had and will never go back.
This restaurant is a very small hole in the wall type place that you may miss if you are not looking!  You get family owned vibes when you walk in as the staff is very friendly and the owner can't wait to greet you as soon as you step in the door.  Because the place is so small, its taught to adhere to the 6ft apart rule, but they do a good job with what they have.  We got the garlic bread to start and shrimp scampi and spaghetti with Italian sweet sausage for dinner.  The garlic bread was homemade, crispy, and very garlicky.  The shrimp scampi was amazing.  The butter sauce was light and the shrimp was perfectly cooked, thick, and flavorful.  The spaghetti is very light which I like but the Italian sausage was a little to well done for me and had a charred taste.  Overall, very good authentic Italian food!!
I went here on a date and was surprised that I hadn't been here previously because the food was great and the service even better!!  It is a BYOB establishment and there  isn't a "corking" fee - so you know we are already on our way to a GREAT REVIEW!!  I went during restaurant week, so the choices were limited, but all were delicious.  I enjoyed the Olive oil served with the bread and homemade pasta for my meal.  Be prepared for the small space-it is a tight fit, but it is worth it for the service received and the Good Food.  I would recommend to others and return for future visits.
The owner was unbelievably rude - worst experience I have ever had at any restaurant or business in this country.
We had made a reservation but when we got there the owner entirely ignored us. When we eventually were able to get him and ask, he yelled at us and told us to "get the fuck out of my restaurant!" - which we did.
Porcini the worst restaurant i have visited since moving to center city phila over a year ago.   the owner is a jerk, nasty, rude and incredibly incapable of running a restaurant.  he overbooked reservations and then cant accommodate you.  he thinks you dont mind waiting in a cramped hallway where you feel like a pig stuck in a pig pen.   then he does not apologize for the long wait.  and he makes you feel like he is doing you a favor while you wait in a very cramped crappy hallway.   he is nuts and although i never go a chance to eat the food i would not ever subject my friends and wife to this kind of harsh, rude treatment and long wait.   thank goodness only a few steps away is one of the best restaurants in town... melagranos.  Gary
I recently had dinner at Porcini's with my wife and her family.  It was the worst dining experience that we have had in Philadelphia.  I thought I would grade our experience given that I teach college courses occasionally. 

First, the service was absolutely terrible.  We never received water for the table.  Yes, never, meaning throughout the entire dinner.  It was the first time in my life that I was not served/offered water at a  restaurant.  I spoke to the manager/owner and I was told that "we don't like to push things on customers".  We frequently dine out, so this response was just laughable.  It is one thing to provide poor service, but then to insult our intelligence with such a outlandish response was just over the top.  Remember, don't forget your water bottle.  Terrible...F-

Second, only once during our entire dinner did someone ask if we needed anything.  I guess this must be Porcini's theme, if you need something get it yourself.  Along with your water bottle make sure to bring silverware, napkins, etc.   Terrible...F

Third, at no point did a waiter offer to chill our wine.  At most restaurants it is common courtesy to ask if wine needs to be chilled.  I guess chilling wine would be asking too much given that Porcini's doesn't serve water. Terrible...F

Fourth, the restaurant overbooked its Saturday reservations.  Despite having reservations, we were seated upstairs where there was a private dinner party.  I have spent a little time in the restaurant business  and you typically do not combine dinner parties and private parties.  This is standard practice to ensure a pleasant dining experience for both parties.  Terrible...F

Fifth, the food was okay but left a lot to be desired.  I had the rigatoni and it tasted slightly better than Chef Boyardee.  However, the presentation of the plate was terrible.  Everything was just thrown on without any consideration.  If the plate was on the television show Chopped it would have been cut in the first round.  Terrible...F

Perhaps we caught Porcini's on a bad night.  I hope you enjoy and don't forget to bring your bottled water!
I rarely feel the need to write reviews about places to eat; however I felt completely slighted at this restaurant. It has nothing to do with the food, because it smelt really good. I really wanted to
eat here. The problem was they never seated us. We were greeted and told to hang on. While waiting for 20 minutes with no contact from anyone from the staff for that time and seeing a table of four being seated. We continued to wait. Finally, a staff member comes out and says the chef and owner are no longer seating. She said "I'd ask to talk to them; cause I would". Uh, no thank you. I don't beg for dinner. Thanks anyway. I'll take my money else where. And  as a person who likes to dine and recommend places to eat, this place certainly won't be on my list.
"Soup Nazi" is the best way to describe the experience!!!

We have gone there for the 1st time on the Restaurant Week. Well, the idea is to try out new spots that we never gone to, right? Porcini's case, WRONG!!!!

I was warned by the reviews that the place was small. Actually, the place is not small, it is impossibly cramped. Claustrophobia beware!!!

We walked in and couldn't close the door until they seated us. The table behind us had to get up to let us in. Our next table was seated after us and closed our way to move anywhere, plus our tables are around 4 inches apart. Our server took our order standing on top of our next door table & yelled across since there was no way to get to our table. Our bread & stuff were passed to us from the next table. Impossible!!

One server for Restaurant Week, really??

Bottom line is the service is nasty. The food was small portion, not enough, & it was not that good anyway. So much hustle for nothing. 

What's a waste of money. For the same money, I can think of tons of places I would rather spend my money for actually good food & service. 

I guess this is what happen when the kitchen run the front of house. Nasty attitude is not even enough to start on this place. 

Buyer beware!!!!
My fiancé and I always have an enjoyable night when we come to Porcini. There's a charm to this small (!), Italian, neighborhood BYO that makes it a great option for date nights. Last time we came we ordered the burrata, which was delicious. Mozzarella on tomato with basil is just a a great combo. I ordered the veal Marsala, but asked for some linguine as well (only a few extra bucks) and she had the bucatini, which was very rich. I enjoyed the veal, but the bucatini definitely won the night! The pricing might be a dollar or two more than you'd like, but bringing your own helps keep the bill on the lower end. 

The brothers who own the place seem to get to know their regular customers and generally greet everyone as they come in. It's a great way to make you feel welcomed and adds to the charm and experience!
I have dined here twice, and the first time I enjoyed the food. The second time I didn't even get to eat.

I am completely appalled at the service from this restaurant. I was with a group of eight, and when we started ordering, a couple of us just wanted to order salads. The waiter very rudely told us this 'wasn't a sort of place to just order an appetizer' and we needed to order entrees as well. I have worked in the service industry for 5 years, and in every single restaurant I have ever worked in, the customer is always right no matter what they would like to order. Never in my life have I been so disrespected by a server, and I will never even think about dining here again.


On a more pleasant note, my entire group went to Mama Palmas, which is an italian pizzeria BYO on 22nd and Spruce after he told us what we could and could not order and we had a fantastic time. I would absolutely recommend it.
Just went to Porcini tonight with some friends. The mozzarella cheese in the caprese salad tasted like it was made moments before in the kitchen. We also ordered the gnocchi (one of the best gnocchi I have ever had), the canollini, and ravioli. Everything was amazing, no complaints! Service was a bit slow but the waiter kept refilling the bread basket and the food was so good that we didn't even care. Thanks for a great night I would definitely recommend this restaurant to anyone and everyone if you're looking for good food in a good environment.
Usually have a great experience here, however, last night was disappointing. There were no vegetables with my Chicken Milanese instead a dish of pasta which then makes the dish overpriced. We were rushed out including telling us they needed the table, yet did not ask the table behind us to go that has the same size party and were seated earlier. Another, larger table, had been there even longer than them and weren't rushed either.  We were just finishing our bottle and would have been gone in five minutes anyway so it all seems unnecessary.  Perhaps the difference was that we'd already paid the tip.  The chefs were also heard cursing about getting people the "fuck" out. Seems likes bad night for this place that I usually rave about.
I first ate at Porcini probably 8 or 9 years ago, and have probably been another 6 or 7 times, most recently last night after a several year hiatus (since I don't live in Philly anymore).

My date and I were wondering if it would be as good as we remembered, or if a few years hitting the NYC Italian restaurants would have made it seem weak in comparison.  In my opinion, Porcini is just as good as the NY restaurants.  The host/owner (David I think?) makes you feel welcome right away.  The salads were fresh, and pasta delicious - especially the lump crab spaghettini my girlfriend ordered.  My sausage dish was a little more plain, but still tasty with a few grinds of black pepper.

BYO is a bonus, though I can't stand the wine and spirits stores in Philly.

I will be back!
Upon entering the restaurant, my boyfriend and I quickly realized how incredible tiny this place is! It isn't the easiest to get around, so if you're a diner that prefers your space while eating, this may not be the restaurant for you (claustrophobic, beware!) Right away, we were pleasantly greeted by the server and soon after, the chef (who may or may not be brothers). Both were adorable, welcoming and very friendly. I'm someone that enjoys personal interaction with the staff and especially chefs of the restaurants I visit, so I appreciated that gesture. 

We came during restaurant week and neither of us have been here before. The food presented for each course was delicious. We started off the meal with the artichoke spring rolls and grilled shitake mushroom caps with asiago cheese and a sweet balsamic sauce. The artichoke spring rolls were delectable. They contained all of the elements a properly-made spring roll: texture, crunch and flavor. Yum.. thinking back on them makes me hungry. The shitake mushroom caps were also very tasty. Each bite contained sweet, savory and a little bit of saltiness. If you share them, don't expect there NOT to be a quarrel over who gets the last one! 

For our salads, we both chose caesar since they were running low on caprese. I'm a big fan of caesar, and I commend Porcini on their house made tangy dressing: not too creamy with the perfect touch of acidity. For our entrees, I ordered the St. Pietro Cartoccio, which is sweet white fish baked in parchment paper with white wine, capers, olives and diced plum tomatoes. My boyfriend chose the Maliai con Pistachio, a pistachio honey crusted pork tenderloin. Both were quite satisfying. The fish was flaky, sweet and buttery. The acidity from the plum tomatoes played well with the capers, white wine and creamy risotto, and the olives added a little burst of salt that rounded out the flavor profile of the dish. My only complaint, was that the fish was undercooked toward the middle and the risotto too, could have used more time boiling. I unfortunately had to send it back to be cooked longer. The pork dish was cooked to perfection. The pistachio crust was nutty, crunchy and added great flavor to the meat. This is a dish I would return for, or possibly try to recreate on my own. 

For dessert, we were given a chocolate-chip cannoli and a "sandwich" with puff pastry, cream and chocolate mousse. They were good, but nothing special shined through them. 

**The reason I only gave this restaurant 3 stars, is because at the end of the meal, when dessert was finished and the bill was paid, a sudden loud fight erupted in the kitchen. The small room we sat in with a few tables of satisfied, chatty diners could hear every profane word exploding from the wide-open kitchen door only a few feet away. It noticeably made everyone remaining in the room, very uncomfortable. Overall, my experience was good, but next time-- take the cat fight out back fellas!
Super friendly owners make this tightly cramped restaurant worthwhile.  Plus, the food is delicious.  They also let our table, which had close to 5 bottles of wine on it, open 2 bottles at a time, unlike some BYO's which have a "one bottle at a time" rule.  Eating at Porcini is reminiscent of going to your Italian grandmother's house for Sunday dinner.  But unlike grandma's, this place isn't free. Darn.
We love the brothers!!! The gnocchi is to die for! Steve makes the best anywhere! Dave is the ultimate host. Make you feel like you are in their dining room having dinner with them. Can never go wrong dining here. A rittenhouse mainstay and must!
The two Sicilian brothers who have been running this humble one-room bistro for the past sixteen years are definitely doing something right. I was shocked by how small the space is, but surrounding conversations were kept at a lull and you I didn't feel cramped in, even in a filled-to-capacity dining room.  

We started with the Octopus as an appetizer.  It was incredibly fresh and grilled to perfection in a lemon and olive oil sauce.

For my entree I had the Chicken Asiago served with prosciutto and parmesan with creamy polenta in a light tomato sauce.  Very rich and full of flavor.

This is a classic Philly BYOB that I would certainly recommend.  If you have a sense of humor, be sure to ask the owners to do their "Scarface" impression at the close of your meal..I promise you won't be disappointed.
I took my boyfriend here for his birthday dinner last night.  I had ordered a cake from Termini Bros. with an inscription, so I called ahead to see if they would serve it after dinner as a surprise.  They were completely gracious and accomodating about it, and I was able to drop off the cake at my convenience.

We were seated promptly at a large table (well, 2 pushed together), andour Amarone was opened for us right away.  Bread (good, but could be better) came with olive oil and a bit of ricotta.  My man had a very yummy special gnocchi appetizer and I had the prosciutto salad, which was excellent, if a bit small.  Dinner was a grilled chicken dish (tasty, but a bit stingy on the portion), and I had the special spagetti fra diablo with scallops, which was just perfect.  Service by David (?) was super friendly and attentive but unintrusive.  The cake was presented with candles after dinner, and we ended up sharing it with the kitchen and a few other patrons, which seemed to make everyone happy. :)  We hung out and chatted over cappucino with some girls who were English soccer fans, which was cool for my Brit boyfriend (Go Arsenal!).  All in all, it was a perfectly lovely evening, and Porcini made his birthday special.  Thanks guys!
I was excited to try this restaurant. I was in from Los Angeles visiting family and Yelp had such great things to say. Then I asked to use the restroom. 

I poked my head in the kitchen and asked the brothers where it was. The chef brother told me I was interrupting him and his brother and that the only place I was allowed to talk to my server was on the floor. I thought he was kidding and the server brother sent me to the restroom. 

I came back from the restroom and the chef brother stopped me as I passed the kitchen to tell me that I was never allowed to come near his kitchen and that I needed to get the hell out of his restaurant. I told him I would be happy to leave since he was obviously insane. 

The server brother came back to ask to the kitchen to investigate why the chef brother was yelling at a customer. As we left I heard the brothers going at it again. 

The service was terrible. Because the brothers were having a bad day it was literally impossible for our table to complete placing an order without our server walking away while someone was speaking. We waited at least 15 minutes to place an order while watching the brothers argue in the door to the kitchen. 

The food we got, bread and either whipped butter in a dish of oil, was revolting. Primarily because none of us could figure out if it was whipped butter or some sort of soft cheese. 

It's obvious this is not the first time there two have had these kinds of arguments in their restaurant with customers present based on how easily they engaged in their unprofessional behavior. It's also obvious by how the chef brother treated me that I am not the first customer he has blown up at for no reason. 

The relationship between these brothers and their inability to maintain professionalism is going to bring this restaurant down. You simply can't treat customers, or co-workers, the way they treat them.
One of the best gems in Philly! Love this place! Very small and quaint.
I have had Porcini bookmarked for months with the intention of giving this cute little byo a go, and last night I finally had my chance. We actually made the "reservation" on the drive over through open table via yelp (super convenient - other restaurants need to get on board). We started out with the grilled octopus and baby calamari appetizer.. Light and refreshing. I ordered the ravioli in a pecorino cream sauce and my boyfriend ordered the spaghetti and seafood (shrimp & scallops) special. My dish was excellent and similar to the appetizer, I was surprised at the freshness of the seafood in my boyfriend's entree however his pasta was over cooked. We also redeemed the check in offer for the free dessert but I couldn't tell you much about it as the boyfriend ate it all to make up for his lack of entree. Poor guy. The staff here is all seemingly very friendly and I'm sure they would have redone the dish had he asked. 

Overall, I may come back but I do think there are better byo options in the city on a similar price scale.
Went here last night, we weren't able to sit for 45 minutes after our reservation. Luckily it wasn't freezing because we had to stand outside the restaurant because it is so small. So be advised this is not a place where you will sit at your reservation time. It's more of a longer dinner. 

Although there was a hug wait the food was really good. The waitstaff was nice and let us have a long meal and open plenty bottles of wine. The cypress salad was amazing I had the fetticini bolognese which was also fantastic. The pasta was so light I was able to eat my whole plate! The olive oil they give you to start with has cheese in it it is delicious. My friend had a special with squid ink pasta and crab claws. It was also really good. I highly recommend it for the food if you have the time for a longer dinner.
Came here with my girlfriend on a Monday night and took advantage of the Yelp coupon (which you should too).

Ambiance: Home-y but very small and cramped. Luckily it wasn't too busy on a Monday night. Can't imagine the place packed given it was already hard to hold a conversation given we could hear the other two tables talking around us (BYOB makes everyone a bit louder).

Service: There was one waiter and one busboy working and they had everything covered. Made solid food recommendations and were attentive. Our waiter was also extremely friendly.

Food: Solid italian food. Nothing out of this world, but good. We got a special appetizer - Italian Empanada...Sounds weird, but it was very flaky, delicious party in a slightly spicy marinara. Very delicious. My main entre was the beef osso bucco. The meat was delicious, but don't expect any bone marrow with this dish. My girlfriend ordered a fettucine special which was ok. Noodles were homemade, but the sauce was a little off.

All in all, a reasonably priced Italian BYOB. Just don't come expecting the absolute best italian food.
Food is average, but the place is too cramped. The owners are also just not friendly. I was made to wait outside in the cold because somebody in my party arrived late despite having a reservation and nobody else in line.
Very mediocre, even more so after having to wait 20 minutes after our reservation time to be seated on a weeknight. No where to stand either, so we had to wait outside. 

Bruchetta was probably the highlight of the meal. The proscuitto was average quality at best. The "salad" with it was a ball of mixed greens with dressing? Really? 

The pasta with a porcini sauce, was really an incredibly rich white sauce with porcini mushrooms (which in total, probably was a single cap, very skimpy). 

The crab was very fishy (needed salt & lemon for sure, some pepper wouldn't have hurt) and overcooked. The portions of this dish were 1/5 pasta, 1/5 crab and 3/5 tomato sauce.... 

Honestly, I had heard this place was a nice cozy authentic Italian BYOB. 

Also, the host mid-way through our meal turned on the radio behind my GF and it was literally the radio and not on a station. It kept going back & forth between music and static. 

Pay a bit more and go to Melograno. Raddichio's food is 10x better for the same price. La Viola is better than Porcini and cheaper as well...
I REALLY wanted to like porcini after reading all the awesome reviews, but I just think it lacks the taste and freshness of the food that I had at other BYOS, like melograno.  

We started with octopus and risotto appetizer, both which were very average.  The entrees were even more disappointing, and the desserts were truly unfortunate. The flan-like dessert was just unexciting.  It was a cute restaurant and the service was great, but the food was just not very good.
After hearing that Porcini was the best BYO Italian in Philly, I made a reservation for a night with the girls.

As others have said, the place is tiny.  Originally our reservation was for 5 but ended up being only 4.  If we had been 5, I have no idea where they would have sat us.

While everything was good, nothing was great and we all agreed that for the most part the portions were too small.

I was quite hungry on this day and even with bread and two shared apps between four of us and my meal, I was definitely still hungry.  Not what I'd expect.

That said, it was a fine experience but I will not return as there are plenty of other restaurants to try.  Leaving a restaurant hungry is not my cup of tea.
The atmosphere and service were passable but the food was truly disappointing.  

My Spaghettini Pescatore was a tiny portion of flavorless dough served in a lagoon of watery sauce.  I would expect such an aqueous mess from a truck stop diner.  There is no excuse for not properly draining your pasta.  Someone a the table next to me ordered the same dish and got about three times the amount of pasta, which points to an inconsistent kitchen.  

My friend reported that he enjoyed his Cannelone but when he gave me a bite from the end, the pasta was dry and crunchy.  On the bright side, the Calamari appetizer was tasty.  The squid was tender and served in a delightful salad whose flavors worked well together.

It was not worth the money, I will not return.
I'm glad we randomly came here instead of going to the usual (La Viola). This place is TINY, and we lucked into a short 10min wait for a table of 4 (Mon night). The food here is superb and on that account alone this place would rate 5.

What we got:
Pulpo (octopus) - the BEST octopus I've had. tender and flavorful with none of the rubberiness
grilled artichoke - okay
Gamberetto con Gremolata (seafood pasta in a white wine sauce) - YAY
gnocchi - eh. sauce was pretty standard
saffron pasta (one of the specials) - this was the outstanding dish of the night. creamy and full of flavor. also, saffron? win.
Parpadella di Porcini (mushroom pasta) - really good too, with a very earthy feel. think good mushroom stock. 

Pros:
- BYO
- Great service: laid back, friendly but not intrusive
- Food

Cons:
- the tables are pretty tightly packed together, so it gets loud at times
- dessert was....bad.
- prices are a bit steeper than other places (we ended up at $40pp)

I think we might include this place in our regular Italian rotation (Modo Mio, La Viola) now, depending on the feel and group size.
I am so surprised that I haven't reviewed Porcini yet. I would give it 5 stars if it wasn't so crowded on a weekend night (so I'll give it 4.5).

Even though it can get crowded on a weekend night, I think the coziness of the restaurant adds to why I like it. I feel like I am eating in someone's dining room and everyone is so friendly. You can't go wrong with the gnocchi and their specials are always delicious. The calamari is great too (and not fried). 

Credit cards are accepted which is nice for a BYOB...this is one of my favorite italian BYOBs in the city.
Some food is really good, some mediocre, and some not so good. All of the food/ ingredients are fresh and well made. The place is extremely small and staff is nice. Biggest downfall: very limited menu. It's worth going to if you live near by or are looking for a reasonably priced unpretentious Italian restaurant in the area. I would suggest giving it a try, unless you have a very large group and don't want to rent the whole place (which would be worth it if you did).
I met my friend for dinner here, and we had a fantastic meal! We came on a busy Friday night, only to discover I had made the reservation for Saturday not Friday - oops. The owner joked around with us and teased a little about the mix up but was more than accommodating and after a few minutes of waiting he seated us at our table. The dining room floor is very tiny, but gives a wonderful pleasant cozy atmosphere. We ordered the mushroom bruchetta which was yummy but not a must get. For our main course we got the ravioli and gnocchi. Both were to die for. Obviously fresh and hand made, the past was cooked to perfection. The ravioli came in the most perfectly delicious cream sauce I've ever had. The gnocchi were delicious as well, but definitely order the ravioli over the gnocchi.
Over all, a lovely wait staff, delicious food, and a nice atmosphere. This place is worth trying!!
Porcini is our favorite local dinner place and we hope to be considered regulars soon. It's is owned and operated by two brothers and I love how personable and attentive they are. We are always greeted at the door by David with a handshake, hug and a big smile and great to see you! And you can usually see Steven in the front of the house by the end of the night too!
The ambiance is very quaint and tiny but in an adorable and very familial way. Everyone feels like family and that's how you are treated. Reservations are helpful but waiting on Sansom street is pretty and not too bad either. 
The food is absolutely out of this world delicious. I often have a hard time getting something different because of how much I'm craving whatever I had last time (typically the ravioli in pecorino sauce) but when I try other peoples dishes I realize I absolutely cannot go wrong. The bolognese, oso bucco, caprese, creme pastry are all to die for. I've really never tasted anything here without uttering the words "that's delicious!" Immediately after. 
We love Porcini and cannot wait to go back as frequently as possible!
Yummy but VERY noisy. Small portions.
The pasta is quite good and the owner will make just about anything you want. Specials often include homemade gnocchi .
I had such a wonderful experience at Porcini. Our table was not ready when we arrived but the owner came outside and opened one of our bottles of wine for us so we could have a drink while waiting. The service was excellent and the food was amazing. My two friends from out of town were extremely impressed. The restaurant is tiny and can get loud, but it is worth it for an incredible Italian meal. They take credit cards, which is a huge bonus considering so many BYO's in center city do not.
If you like the idea of a friendly, cozy Italian BYOB that serves delicious food, but is not trendy or impressed with itself, then I think you will love Porcini.

My husband and I came here for restaurant week and because we had tickets to a play at the Interact theater just a few doors down on Sansom Street.  We thoroughly enjoyed our meal, and it was a great value at $35 for appetizer, salad, entree and dessert. The food came quickly and was beautifully presented, and tasty from start to finish. I particularly enjoyed the main dish of canneloni bolognese which was made with homemade pasta, a mix of beef, pork and veal, and a creamy tomato sauce.  My husband loved his mussels with linquine and saffron. I tasted them as well, and unlike most mussels that you might get in an Italian restaurant, they were not overpowered with garlic but had a really subtle delicious flavor.

The ambiance of this restaurant is cozy and romantic, paintings of Italy adorn the walls and soft music plays.  You might feel you were in Italy. Yes, the tables are close together, and I suspect it might feel packed and noisy on a busy Saturday night, but for an weeknight dinner, pre theater, it was perfect, and we were in and out in an hour. 

The restaurant is run by two brothers, one is Steve the chef and the other is the Dave.  Dave came around and greeted all the guests many of whom appeared to be regulars. That was a real personal touch and we were really made to feel welcome and appreciated. I overheard Dave say that they have been in business almost 20 years. That is quite an accomplishment in the restaurant biz and obviously they have a loyal customer base.

We enjoyed our meal so much we are planning to return to Porcini next time we have theater tickets!
Phenomenon !!!
If you want to stay at 20 bucks per person if you want to spend 60 bucks person it will be possible.
The service is great :D 
The place is small and cozy. I had a great experience in here :D reserve on weekends or if you come late on week nights
Diamond in the Rough.  Small but intimate.  Dinner feels like you are dining with everyone in the restaurant.  Which is great because you wind up conversing with patrons at adjoining tables.  Food was great especially the appetizers.  We ordered quite a few appetizers to share at the table.  Two brothers run the place (one is the cook).  They are very accommodating and quite comical.  Prices are not bad especially because it is B.Y.O.B.  Dinner was about $50 per person with tip.  Looking forward to a return trip.
The owner is xenophobic or something. Completely unnecessary. Walked in without a reservation so I wanted to ask the restaurant if there was any space that night. Nobody helped us, so we waited for a few minutes. (You can't NOT notice us. It's a TINY room). We see that there are about 4-5 empty tables, so we though hey, maybe they want us to seat ourselves? The menus are out and there are no "reserved" signs on them. We slowly walk to an empty table, and the manager RUNS over and shouts very loudly, "EXCUSE ME. EXCUSE ME. But do YOU have a reservation?" and gives me a one-over. I politely told him no but I was wondering if they had openings that evening.

He gives me a dirty look and says, "NO." As my friend and I proceed to leave, he felt the need to walk behind us and follow us out, shutting the door behind us. 

First off, we'll close the door nicely on our way out. You don't need to push us out and treat us like criminals.

Second, there were no ethnic minorities in the restaurant, and your dirty looks did not help your cause. Just saying...

Third, you're way overpriced. I had a phenomenal meal elsewhere afterwards and was glad I paid only 2/3 the price of this wretched place. 

You will no longer have my friends' or family's business from now on.
I usually don't do Italian dinner, not my choice when going out. Well, bunch of co workers who were meeting another one from out of state came here. They made the decision , I didn't know where we were going. It was very small, one of the owners' knew girl I worked with, they ordered wine, entrees, it wasn't Olive garden, Much better, risotto, lemo-chello was nice..entrees were little higher,-paying for area & Philly, too.. Nice, but I'd rather try go somewhere else. Parking a bitch, if youre not from Philly., located on small street.
This is a very solid BYO that will leave you satisfied and happy.  The restaurant itself is very quaint and intimate, but the small size makes it a bad place to go with a large group.  Also, reservations are a must due to the small size and popularity.  I enjoyed the veal that I ordered immensely.  Great date spot in Rittenhouse.
