Located across the street from the famous Zahav, this place strikes you as a very unique building with an ocean inspired theme. As I walked up to the second floor entrance, I was thinking that it seemed slightly out of place in Old City and more like something I would see in Southern California. Despite this, Positano Coast appeared to have good foot traffic in both the bar area and dining room during our visit. 

We were greeted warmly and seated in a small dining area close to the bar and next to a wall of windows. Throughout the entirety of our dinner, we were the only people sitting in that area but our service did not suffer.

Specializing in Italian cuisine and seafood, the menu was quite varied with pastas, classic Italian dishes, raw bar offerings, bites to share, snacks, appetizers, and meat and seafood entrees. I asked the server what to order and I went with his recommendations. 

To start, we got the octopus and calamari. The octopus was beautifully presented, sliced, and served with a pesto sauce that complemented it very well. We commented on how tender and well seasoned it was. I was hoping that the calamari was equally as good. And it was! Topped with peppers, there was a little kick to it and surprisingly, the goat cheese really worked.  

I went with their house made ravioli for my entree. It was light and thinner than most other ravioli that I've had but it held the spinach and squash stuffing well without tearing.

I enjoyed Positano Coast. The food tasted fresh and it was well made. Service was good and the setting really did make me feel like I was on the coast.
Ill make it short as I dont think I have to describe what the place looks like.

Food was good. The plating needs help. There is just not enough being served on the plates so it makes the portions look below expectations.


The Shared Cold Appetizer for 24 dollars was good. Oysters and clams were very good. 

Entress:
Stripe Bass was nicely done over potato pillows.

Veal also was very good

The crab cake was delish and full of Lump.

LIPS was not with us this time around.

I would stop in again but would not go out of my way.

It was good but nothing exciting.

Service was as expected.
Looking for brunch places we came across this place & decided to give it a try. 
Drinks to start we were in the mood for beer so we had a Peroni , not bad nice & cold. 
Appetizer tried the Arancini , these were very good but they were very small we also had the Zucchini fries , these were great nice & lightly battered very tasty w the dipping sauce. 
Main dishes I had the Turkey BLT comes with fries , not bad .. good sandwich.  Hubby had the  Rigatoni pasta this was not bad but it was way too spicy & for the price they give u a pretty small portion. 
Decent size restaurant, they have outside & inside seating available. 
Brunch wise I don't think they have the best menu? they have a lot of odd choices. Prices are on the high side .. service was good our waiter was nice & attentive. 
For what we had over all our meal was decent.
Came in on a Friday night and didn't know what to expect - I've heard mixed reviews about this place and honestly the font/logo/vibe from the outside throws me off. As the saying goes, don't judge a book by its cover - I came in a skeptic and left ready to come back the next day!

Our server, Juan, was probably one of the best servers we've ever had. He was extremely kind, checked on us just the right amount, and coursed out our meals perfectly. Actually all of the servers, bussers and runners we encountered were impeccable, so thank you all for a really great dining experience!

Now for the food - we opted with the tasting menu, which I'd highly recommend. We started with the bufula mozzarella and arancini. I think the bufula mozzarella was just regular mozz, but it was still good. The arancini were really tasty. Next, we got spicy fried calamari and risotto. Both were unreal. I've never had calamari with goat cheese and really loved the spiciness from the peppers and mildness from the cheese. It was a perfect balance. The risotto was also really good and full of seafood.

For entrees, my boyfriend ordered the prime NY steak and I went for the black bass per Juan's recommendation. He loved the steak and even raved about the portobello mushroom (usually he's just a big meat guy, so this says a lot). The bass was delicious and the carrot purée was a perfect flavor. Whatever they did to the tomatoes and asparagus on there was to die for!

The tasting menu ALSO comes with tiramisu and a creamy limoncello aperitif, which Juan said is a house specialty. I practically licked my plate clean.

Because we're gluttons and apparently an entire tasting menu is not enough, we also got half a dozen raw oysters and a side of fries. The oysters were fresh and only $6 on Friday nights! What?! The fries were unlike any fries I've ever had - they were flat like steak fries but thinner and crunchy.

For drinks, we ordered a liter of Pinot Grigio and peaches and ate the wine soaked peaches at the end of our very large meal. The tasting menu was only $45 each, which is a STEAL based on the prices of the dishes, amount of food, and quality. Would 100% recommend this place and everything above!
A friend and I landed here on a perfect Spring day.
I had been here before, years ago but my friend had not. She was enthalled.
All the sunlight pouring in to the second floor space. Everything white, blue and yellow, it feels like you are in the Mediterranean.
We settled in at the bar and ordered wine. I went with the Riesling and my friend ordered the Moscato, which she promptly found too sweet. The barman quickly offered her something else. Wine comes in different serving sizes which is handy if you want to try a few without getting sloshed.
As time passed happy hour started. I had the oysters and friend did hummus. Just enough to hold us til dinner.
At this point the bar was filling up with what seemed like regulars, a good sign.
Looking forward to returning on another glorious day.
Two stars.  That's it.  Food is clearly nothing to write home about and the service is terrible.  No acknowledgment from the bartender when sitting here for 15 minutes . Way to long to be ignored at the bar.  Sitting at a bar is like waiting at a red light . Time sits still, so waiting for the bartenders attention.  So 15 minutes feels like 8 hours.  

When our very average food arrived there was a small porthole size for the burger and fries I ordered.  I asked the women if we could "trouble her for more ketchup please?" She said, " you want more ketchup?"  Yes!!! Reflective listening!!! I'm gonna get ketchup.  

No ketchup arrived.  Ever.  By the time the bartender got around to see how it was it wasn't nessary I was done eating.  

Thanks for nothing.
Sopra as a club? Not bad. But Sopra as a lounge? Yes!

This Miami-style nightspot sits in the rear of Positano Coast, and, more importantly, is a breath of fresh air in Old City. Drapes and paper lanterns keep the space open and inviting.

For birthday celebrations, we've reserved tables and purchased bottle service several times. It's not too noisy, so can chat while relaxing on couches. In general, service is good. A full menu can be ordered from, as well as a wine list.

During the last clubbing event I attended, all of Sopra was reserved. Couches, carpets, and anything else not bolted down was cleared, forming a dance floor where partygoers bounced to a DJ. It got so hot that the windows fogged up, but thanks to the bartenders - even with their prices - no one cared too much.
I love this place! My favorite part about Positano Coast is the vibe. Definitely gives you the Mediterranean feel. Very serene and aquatic. Spacious. Friendly service. 

I've tried the risotto and avocado toast and loved both. 

If you're looking for a meal with a great ambience to pair with it, this is a good option.
Came here for the first time a few weekends ago with my parents and was pretty indifferent. Located in Olde City, nothing really stands out to me especially with so many surrounding, delicious restaurants. 

For starters, we got the octopus, calamari, and antipasto board. This was all pretty decent, but nothing outstanding and I hate that for all of the high prices. 

For dinner I got the crab cakes, again, pretty blah and small serving for the steep price tag. The only thing I can say that was exceptional were the French fries that came with my dad's steak, lmao.  And the Nutella crepe for dessert! 

The ambiance was a raised deck and kinda nautical. It was cute, but a little outdated and definitely an older crowd. I'm more into the younger and more trendy vibes with delicious food and for that reason I probably won't be back!
Let me start off by saying I have been here for dinner quite a few times in the past few years and most for very memorable moments - from my birthday dinner, to a celebratory dinner date with my boyfriend, to dinners with both our families. With that said, I was so happy with the ambience and food during my first experience here (which was for my birthday), and that is why I keep going back.

The most notable thing about this restaurant is the ambience and view. Positano sits cozy right near the Ritz Theatre. Although I have only ever sat inside, there is outdoor seating available. Either one you choose will give you a great view of the city. The restaurant is also nicely decorated making it very easy on the eye. The restaurant is pretty and relaxing - perfect for a date or a get together.

As far as appetizers go, I love their spicy calamari. The calamari is crisp, and is served in a perfectly sized dish for a starter. I also really appreciate that the calamari is just as the menu describes it: spicy! It comes with goat cheese which adds amazing flavor. 

My favorite entree (and the one I usually always get) is the seafood risotto. The baby shrimp, scallops, mussels, and calamari added in this entree are very fresh and tasty. I love the garlic and tomatoes, too. It's truly a winning dish. 

During my last dinner, I thought I'd try something new and got the cioppino. The cioppino came with gnocchi, shrimp, mussels, and octopus. Although good, I wasn't really a fan of the gnocchi in this particular dish. I usually love gnocchi, but I didn't like it paired with all the seafood and stew. By the end of my meal, I couldn't help but wish I had gotten my usual seafood risotto instead. 

Although I have gotten desserts here before, they have never been anything very memorable. It's really just the appetizers and main coarse meals that stand out to me. 

All in all, I am definitely a fan of Positano Coast. It is safe to say I will be a repeated customer at this establishment, and hope I will continue leaving there as content and happy as I always have! :)
If you can't make it to the Amalfi Coast then head here!

This Old City gem has been around for years, tucked away on the second floor across from the Ritz 5 at 2nd and Walnut. 

Our group of five stopped in here for dinner during restaurant week. The seafood selection is pure Mediterranean fare. The fish and Risotto and oysters and salads and charcuterie are all excellent.

When you walk through the front doors of Positano Coast, the white walls and the deep blue floor tiles immediately transport you to the Mediterranean. When it's warm and the windows are open and the long white drapes are blowing, you almost forget where you are.   

Whether I'm having Lobster Fra Diavolo in the dining room or Mediterranean olives and mozzarella in the Sopra Lounge, I always enjoy the experience of eating here.
Great food, great service! I enjoyed the experience with a friend. I had a delicious veggie board. Good beer to. Great service. Will return if in the area.
When you climb the stairs to Positano Coast you forget you're smack dab in Old City, and even if it's freezing outside you feel like you're hanging out on the coast of Italy.

The food is light but good but they're known for their house drink, a lemon/vodka concoction that tastes like creamy candy. But be warned - those little buggers sneak up on you, so make sure you have a designated driver or limit yourself, because they are delicious and mighty strong.
Breezy, vacation-like vibe for the cloth napkin and Chico's set. 

If you're 40+ and you dig cruise ship railings, white palazzo pants, and pumping lite jazz, here's where you go to get your branzino herb-crusted with a flute of prosecco on the side. In other words, perfect for me.

Menu feels a little random. Not in a "something to please every palate" way but in a "Snoopy and Woodstock prep Thanksgiving" way. 

- Tomato vinaigrette on tuna
- Limoncello sauce on salmon
- Truffle oil on branzino
- A giant half plum tomato on mahi mahi
- Bolognese sauce on NY steak

They're not the only ones on the Philly dinner scene to go the random route. Fitzwater Cafe has the same sort of take on dinner. Maybe it has broad appeal?  

I'd happily return keeping in mind the above.
I am rating this place soley on happy hour.  I did not have dinner here, but we had an awesome happy hour with free hors d'oeuvres and the most awesome lemon drop I've ever had!  The the Positano Lemon Drop is a specialty at this bar and is a must if you're there for happy hour.  Otherwise you're pretty much limited to wines (if you want a cheap happy hour option).  On the bar food option there were these amazing risotto balls that kept me happy and full enough to drink my lemon drops :)
Positano Coast was a vibe on a summer's Friday evening. Walked up to this corner restaurant and no longer thought I was in Philly! The decor gave a sort of a island type of atmosphere with live music playing.

Several of us met for dinner outside and the weather was perfect. Our server was very accommodating and dealt with all of our personalities along with "specialized" food requests.

Ordered the fancy styled buffalo mozzarella. It was good. Did not really taste the "buffalo". Had two strawberry margaritas. They are NOT skimpy on alcohol here. Sweet and strong. Tried the ravioli and added crab meat. Flavorful and good. Also, had the creme brûlée that was good too.

The dining experience was lovely.
Racist establishment. My friend who is African American and told a hat on was told to leave because of his hat, yet nothing was said to the Caucasian person next to me in a hat. Never going back.
I'd give 3 stars for the food and 4 for the ambiance.  Since I'm feeling nice today, I'll round up to 4 stars total.  

I was meeting a friend for dinner and knew we were going to get into some deep conversations.  I wanted a place with a relaxed atmosphere and chill vibe, so we went to Positano Coast.  

The bar area on a Tuesday was really dead, which was fine with us.  I'm not crazy about the happy hour specials ~ $4 for a 3 ounce glass of wine didn't really feel like a deal, but whatev.  Our dinner reservations were for 7:30, and we were led to the dining room, which was filled with an older crowd and some business types.  I asked if there was anywhere else to sit, and we were taken to the lounge area which was perfect.  Little nooks with comfy chairs and pillows were sectioned off by gauzy curtains, which made for a really intimate setting.

We had the antipasto to start, which was a great match to the fresh bread and olive oil that was brought to the table.  For dinner we ordered the branzino and chicken rollatini entrees, plus a side of gnocchi gorgonzola.  The food was good but entrees were on the smaller side so I'd recommend getting a couple side items for every two people. 

I'll definitely be back next time I want to unwind and feel like I'm on a mini vacation!
As much as I prefer to write positive reviews of great dining establishments, I can't do so in this case as our dining experience at Positano Coast left a lot to be desired.  

Having lived in Philadelphia, New York, internationally and now back again in Philadelphia, I was truly excited to finally try out Positano Coast. With family in town, I chose Positano Coast for what I hoped would be a great dining experience. Sadly, it was anything but that. 

As someone who loves dining out at casual and fancy restaurants alike, I was supremely disappointed with the quality and portions of the food, especially relative to the hefty price-points of their dishes. 

While the wine menu had some unique offerings, the per bottle and per glass prices rivaled those of world-class restaurants. $20 for a 9oz pour of mediocre wine left a sour taste in our mouth as we headed into the main courses. 

Our waiter recommended we share a number of small plates to accompany a few larger plates. We followed his lead, only to receive portions no larger than a fistful of food and which were hardly sufficient to share. The larger entrees were embarrassingly small and overly salted. Service from our waiter was sparse and the restaurant seemed more keen on turning the tables than it did delivering quality service. Our check came to just under $200 for the 3 of us and we all left hungry and disappointed with the quality of the food, service and overall experience. 

Philadelphia is a wonderful city for dining out and you'll be doing yourself a favor by spending your time and money at one of the many other great restaurants the city has to offer.
Loved the atmosphere in this restaurant. The bar was probably the prettiest bar I've ever seen. Large open restaurant with spacious seating. 

We did have a reservation which I think you need or you may not get a table. The restaurant is located upstairs. There is a staircase outside in one end of the building that will take you up to the restaurant. 

We ordered the arancini as an app. I also ordered bread for the table because it doesn't come with your meal. The arancini was okay, nothing special. I wouldn't get it again. 

My seafood risotto was really good and had a good amount of seafood in it. I liked that the mussels were in there and I didn't have to bother with the shells. This was just the right amount of food for me. I had a little left over but not enough to take home.

Service was good. No complaints from me. I would eat here again
You get what you get when you come to a restaurant on a holiday. This day was Father's Day. We were greeted by a not so friendly host who said we couldn't sit inside because our reservation was, by accident, placed for outside dining. However, there were 7+ tables inside that weren't all taken up even when we wrapped up our meal two hours later. 

Any who, everything was as slow as a snail this day. From our drinks, to our meals coming out at late. Our one guest waited an extra 15 minutes for her meal while we sat waiting to dig in to our cold food. Yes, it was a holiday, and our one meal was taken off the bill. However, I'm not sure we can frequent this joint again. 

What we snagged:
-Breakfast Burger. Cooked well, but egg was just a fried egg. Not runny. 
-Salmon Caesar salad. Solid piece of salon I was told. 
-Meat and cheese board to start. The large board came with 1 cracker. Asked for some and got 5 more LOL. 

Seems like the entire patio was being neglected on this day and everything was running late. Wish them all the best during these trying times for restaurants.
Next time you're in the mood for fancy cocktails, get thee to the lounge at Positano Coast, stat. They've just added new organic concoctions to their drink menu, and lemme tell you - they are yummy. The bartenders look like they should be wearing safety goggles and lab coats as they work - everything is precisely measured and flawlessly executed. The lounge is one of my favorite spots in the entire city to socialize with friends. Just sitting on the cozy sofas under billowing silks makes me feel like I'm on a tropical vacation. Since it's highly unlikely that I'll be taking a trip to the islands anytime soon I'll gladly make do with a festive beverage at this heavenly spot.
I came here with my girlfriends for a night out. The calamari was absolutely delicious. It was topped with generous dollops of goat cheese and tossed with fresh arugula and non-fried (THANK YOU!) cherry peppers.  I never understood why place like frying the peppers. I feel that it fries the flavors out of it.

We also got the mussels, which were pretty good as well.  It came generous chunks of chorizo.  The mussels were just overcooked so they were dried and shriveled up.

The service was great:  clean, swift, and attentive.  When we finished out mussels, the server/bartender asked if we would like to have bread for the broth and brought us a basket of warm freshly baked bread (which were amazing.

Bathroom was super clean,which is always a plus.

Great place!  I'm definitely coming back (especially for the grilled octopus!)
In all of the years I have lived in Philly, I had never heard of anyone having actually dined at Positano Coast. My partner had been for happy hour once - but that was it. 

After a movie at the Ritz East last weekend, we swung by for dinner (made a reservation via OpenTable, although probably unnecessary.)

Overall, I was pleasantly surprised by the food. The two of us shared:
- Marinated Olives
- Grilled Artichoke Salad
- Spicy Calamari
- Gnocchi with octopus, mussels, and shrimp

My favorite dishes were the artichoke salad and the spicy calamari. Both had a ton of flavor and were light (even though the calamari was fried). The gnocchi was only okay - maybe the pasta wasn't the best and/or the sauce didn't do it for me.

Service was pretty good, and the ambiance is fine - if not a little overdone. Still trying to figure out how it is always so crowded (maybe tourism? Do hotels send people here?)

Again, pleasantly surprised - not rushing back anytime soon.
Went out for a nice lunch. The hostess was wonderful. The restaurant was surprisingly empty. We were 1 of 3 tables. Our server was not very attentive despite the place being very quiet. I never like feeling that I'm inconveniencing our server, but that's the way I felt. 
-Its Covid times ‍
We ordered a bunch of stuff: Zucchini Fritti, Burrata, Tuna Tartare, and  Wild Mushrooms, all were very nice. My entree was the Scallops, which were just wonderful, however they still had the side muscle attached (see picture). I've never gotten scallops with the side attached, but hey... it's Covid times! I do love this place, and it's been around for a very long time. 17 years since my first visit! Wow, I'm old as sh*t. I'd love to have given a better review, however our table was surrounded by flies. They wouldn't leave us alone. It was super annoying... maybe we just smell bad...
Excellent service and drinks.  Went for brunch and had the quiche as well as some oysters.  The sangria was very tasty.
If you're trying to impress a special someone with style rather than substance, than Positano Coast is the place for you.  Oh yes, it's so snazzy with their chic mediterranean décor - sleek lighting, lots of whites and blues - oh my - it's like your on vacation... sort of... 

Came here for Dining out for Aids.   Have previously dined here once or twice and also came for restaurant week.  I've also managed to get an errant cocktail here or there.  Service, at all times, has always been a bit spotty - and the food too.  Portions are small, prices are high and execution is mediocre and uninspired.  

Last night was particularly bizarre - I don't know if the food runner was on an angry tirade or the food expeditor was out to get us... but our table of five would be partially served at each course...the first: out comes two appetizers. Three or four minutes later, the other three show up.  The same thing happened with our dinner but in reverse and this time the wait was significantly longer --- Lastly, came desert, all but one was served, and this poor little chocolate cake arrived only after all of us couldn't wait any longer and had eaten all the other deserts.  In the midst of this inconsistent food service, our food runner was very brusque, slamming our plate or bowl down every time he served us. Weird. and a bit scary.

Anyhoo, I'd probably go back for a drink if I was hard up to sip a fancy cocktail on a day bed - but I'd probably think twice before I'd spend money to eat there.
I ate at Positano Coast last Saturday night with some friends.  I loved the atmosphere, and we had a great view from our table.  The staff was very attentive.  I ordered the Eggplant Napoleon and the Gnocchi Gorgonzola, and both were disappointing.  I was looking forward to two, very flavorful dishes, and both left much to be desired.  I had a drink (the name escapes me right now), and it was ok. I tasted one of my friend's crab cakes, and that was pretty good. For dessert, I had the Nutella Crepe, and I was also disappointed with that!  The crepe was tasty, but the chocolate tasted nothing like Nutella - it was more like a bitter chocolate sauce.  The crepe tasted ok, but I was looking forward to the Nutella (yum), so that definitely put a damper on the taste. 

Everything was presented beautifully, but everything I tasted lacked flavor.  I probably won't go back, and that stinks because the place just looks so cool!
Went here yesterday and I'm absolutely surprised that everyone's ratings for this restaurant are this good.

I give it to them, the food is so good you want to personally head to the kitchen and thank the chef. The decor is also pretty cute.

BUT, and this is a biiiig butt (pun intended, pardon my French) the staff at this restaurant are disrespectful. They slam the plates unto the table like I just ordered a plate of fries at a street side truck equipped with plastic chair seating. Every waiter with no exception slammed our plates down. Then, they don't remove appetizer plates when your entree arrives, they don't refill your water when they pass by with a jug.

Second, we sat down at 9, ordered and after we had the appetizers it took a full 40 minutes for our food to arrive. The waiter casually told us it was because the "party over there just got their food" - not sure how that explains things. Restaurants like this are designed so the kitchen can handle the exact same seats outside. Shameful.

When I asked the waiter if he'd take a picture of my boyfriend and I (this was a special occasion dinner). He said he had to do something else and passed by us four times before we left pretending he didn't see us.

I felt so disrespected coming here that I felt compelled to revise my check and remove the tip. I had never ever done this in my life. How very disappointing with a place that has food this good. If I'm paying as much money as I would at a restaurant at the Palm in Dubai, and I go to a restaurant under the name of a famous chef, and the decor is fitting of a five-star restaurant, I expect the experience to live up to it. I hate to crash everyone's party here but you have to bear these factors into consideration.
I went along on a gift certificate spree,  otherwise, I probably wouldn't ever  have tried this place. It's definitely more "in from the suburbs in my sparkly top" than the place I usually go. 

We sat outside, which was nice, as the interior is a little overdone and hoaky with its glowing scenes and pumping house music. 

The food was good, but definitely over-priced. In some instances this was made up for with portion size - I got two cups of cooked spinach and garlic for a $6 price, but I didn't really need two cups of cooked spinach. In other instances, such as the main courses, the portion were really small for their price. And since they don't come with any sides, you're not getting out of there for less than a $20 entree. 

Our service was mostly great, though I was "joke hassled" by the younger, curly haired waiter that others have complained about when I asked for more bread. But scrub pants? REALLY? You can't charge that much for dinner and have your wait staff running around in their pajamas. 

Overall, it was pleasant enough, the food was tasty and the outside service was nice, but for the price, I'm going to duck into a smaller joint with more inventive food.
I first came to Positano Coast for a happy hour, where we overwhelmed the front bar with sheer numbers. The bartenders did their best, but the happy hour organizer didn't anticipate so many people, so there weren't as many bartenders as there should have. Drinks weren't the cheapest, but the venue was large enough to handle a crowd.

Positano Coast offers plenty of indoor and outdoor dining, several bars, a sumptuous lounge, friendly staff, and a romantic, chic atmosphere all in one place. I'll be back for dinner!
Positano Coast is a beautiful restaurant in Old City that sits right next to one of the Ritz movies theatres and the acclaimed Zahav. I came for brunch on a Sunday with a group of 5 specifically for the bottomless drinks ($16 for unlimited mimosas or sangria). We made a reservation ahead of time, but it still took us about 10 minutes to be seated. The service, while friendly, continued to be slow throughout the duration of our meal. It took us forever to order drinks, meals, and to get the check. The food arrived pretty quickly once we ordered and was pretty good! I ordered the spinach omelette, which was perfectly fluffy. My friends who ordered the avocado toast (a great deal ringing in at $5), said it was well balanced with regards to the toast to avocado ratio. 

Overall, the slow service is definitely something I'm willing to overlook for a very reasonably priced brunch meals and bottomless drinks. I'm definitely interested in trying Positano Coast for dinner, and I'm sure to be back for brunch in the future.
I will keep this short, as everyone else has gone into great detail.

I wasn't impressed. The food was mediocre, overpriced, and with the exception of our bottle of wine, the cocktails weren't even that great. 

It's not that it was bad. It's just that when you drop 150-200 dollars on an evening out with that "special someone" you want it to be worth it. This is not. 

Save your money. Go elsewhere.
The average of these reviews is spot on - about 3.25 - 3.5 stars.
Please bear in mind that today was my first EVER experience with Positano Coast and I went for a luncheon as part of a group of 64 people.

We had a set menu - and service was quite good considering the difficult layout of the section of the room (PC does alot of large parties).

The meal cost $30 some dollars including tax 'n tip.
Included were a salad (very boring - lightly dressed), entree choice (Branzino or Eggplant Parm served with angel hair pasta or a Penne Priamvera), canolli and coffee/tea/soft drinks.

The eggplant was very tasty and the food was nice and hot.

Would I rush back?  Not really - but i would consider this place for a party (150 is easily done here - and you can rent the place out for a group of 300).

A solid place with decent service (Shout out to Perry - our server who worked her a$$ off!) and good, tasty (nothing spectacular) Iltalinaish/Mediterraneanish fare.
Prob don't have much to add beyond what's already been written about Positano Coast, but was recently pleasantly surprised, so I thought I'd give them props.  Went with a bunch of friends for a hanging-out drinkfest one Friday night a few months ago - I was completely surprised by how hip and relaxed the place felt.  I've passed it a 1000 times and always saw older couples eating in the windows, so really had no desire to try it...I was def surprised by the fact that, with the right group, this place can feel like a NY or Vegas lounge.  Based on that first experience, I took a group for dinner last week - we sat on the balcony amongst lounge-y indoor-outdoor furniture on a beautiful night, which definitely lent to the evening.  But we ordered a bunch of small plate food and were very happy with just about everything.  It really had an authentic Mediterranean feel to the menu and the execution was quite good.  The menu could be a little more diverse and the wine list could use a slight shot in the arm, but all in all, this place is worth visiting periodically - for a fun group, a romantic dinner (better during a quieter weeknight) or even a business dinner (again, on a weeknight).
When Aldo's harvest emerged, my dining companion and I had to ask "is this the small one?"
"yes. It is."

damn.

There are two options for this smorgasbord of seafood, a small appetizer option and a larger gluttony option. I don't know what the bigger one looks like but I bet it is something that Neptune would have as a delicious breakfast.

It is a good bet. It comes with two types of oysters, shrimp cocktail, clams, crab claws, and seafood salad. All of the items tasted extremely fresh and they were presented well in a fancy bowl with plenty of ice.

The following two items are good bets:
Sea urchin pasta - Eating sea urchin is awesome because they look so badass. For God's sake, the entire animal looks like a murderer's koosh ball. The urchin and crabmeat are served over squid ink pasta, which is great because ink is now my favorite food group(see my Noble review for the background on that).

You will love the zucchini crabcake if you like zucchini flavor to hit you in the face. Certain bites of this dish had some zucchini taste. Other bites of this dish were like biting a zucchini landmine and it blows up in your mouth. This is fine for me because I think zucchini is fantastic.

The creme brulee is what you'd expect from good creme brulee.

On the action-movie-parallel-satisfaction-scale, this place is Payback.

Oh review 401. Hi there.
I'm a fan ! I went here for a birthday brunch for a friend and I enjoyed it. The decor was nice and the service was friendly. I opted for the bottomless mimosas $20 and the brunch burger with fries $16. 

I would come back.
I have been coming here for years and never had a problem until now. The two Managers were very rude and unprofessional. All my jobs have been in the Customer Service field. It all started over some extra mozzarella cheese on my meatballs and eggplant. I asked for it when we was placing our order at the bar. Our bartender did not say anything about paying extra for the cheese which would have been no problem instead we saw the Manager whisper to our bartender telling him to charge us for the extra cheese. Me and my partner spoke to the Manager about it and he was extremely rude to us over some damn mozzarella cheeses like REALLY as much money as we spend in this restaurant your gonna argue with my partner over a couple of cent worth of cheese then insult my partner saying oh what you had too much to drink. That really did it for us. The bartenders should have been Managers, they all were professional and great customer service.  We will no longer be coming back the way we were treated and not bringing no more of our family or friends back there.
Fantastic food. This restaurant is larger than I expected and draws a very eclectic yet sociable crowd! We were seated next to a particularly animated group of people dressed like they were ready to watch The Monaco Grand Prix! I think if you're debating on what to wear, go with something nice. The room behind us looked like it was serving a large group, perhaps a birthday or engagement.

We made a reservation a few days in advance, but it still took us about 20 minutes to get seated. This was virtually the only drawback of the entire experience here, though. Nevertheless, the small wait at the beginning was easily overlooked when we got seated and got something to eat! The food, server, and ambiance were all stellar. Whenever I am visiting Philadelphia, I will definitely keep this place in my list of places to go.
Top notch service, food and atmosphere!

The Lamberti family have gone out of their way to create one of Philly's best dining experiences.

Great place for a first date, anniversary or just a night out.

Try the Osso Bucco.
This place is surprisingly busy for a Sunday brunch.    They have their own DJ spinning some mixes throughout then restaurant.  This is a big Venue for having various types of parties (Birthday, baby shower, bridal shower, etc)

We ordered the kale salad.  It was supposed to come with pancetta, but in reality, they just used bacon.  The spicy pecans are a nice touch.  It was dressed well, but if you're going to say pancetta, use pancetta.

I got the French toast - it comes with one piece of toast that is cut up into fours.  Some parts of the toast was burnt and I was still hungry afterwards.

Wifey got the blt - it was your standard blt.  The fries they came with it looked crispy, but they were too soggy.  

Won't come back here
It was my first time coming here.  We came for dinner to celebrate my friends birthday.  First impressions was that this place has a one of a kind decor and atmosphere.  Seated on the cobble stone sections of Olde City and Society Hill this place comes across as though your in the heart of an Italian city that overlooks the coast.  The colors and open air bar design is sure to be a hit for impressing anyone.

Everyone at my table order a different dish for dinner but unfortunately I can only write about my own.  I ordered the New York Steak Bolognese($19).  First I need to address that I have never been a fan of expensive small portioned plates and this steak was just that.  I was a little shocked because after observing what size of everyone's dish I noticed that mine, being one of the more expensive dishes, was the smallest.  Portion size set aside, the steak was cooked perfect, the bolognese sauce was very smooth and complemented the steak well.  It was hard to pace myself from my usually routine of devouring my food, but if it wasn't for my request for more bread I probably would of left this place hungry.  The next time around I will order something else for the sheer reason that quantity is better than quality for me.

The service was average.  Our waitress wasn't as attentive as most, but the guys who filled our water or cleared the dishes jumped right on any request we needed when the waiter wasn't around.

This place gets 3 stars for now because I have had slightly better when it comes to portion size and prices.  Yet, I am still a fan.
I came here to look at a private dining area to host my rehearsal dinner.  My mother in law was in touch with the manager Carolina.  She greeted us with a very rude tone and acted extremely uninterested in helping us.  Emails were exchanged with her ahead of time and we were under the impression she knew we were coming to look at the space.  We felt very unwelcome especially after she denied telling us the space could hold 40 people. I have never dined at this restaurant but the overall atmosphere seemed very low class and cheesy.  I will never be back and would never recommend this venue based on the service I witnessed today.
Went to an industry cocktail party at Positano with my friends...I'll lay out the scene. 

My friends: casually dressed in jeans, sneakers and hoodies 
vs
Other guests: cocktail dresses, stilettos, fine Italian men's suits

As you could imagine, my friends wanted to run for the hills, BUT I assured them the cocktails would make up for the awkward company we found ourselves mingling with. Then again, I thought, they are normal. We are outcasts.

What did we learn? There's nothing a drink can't fix. I'm now a fan of Positano's cocktails. They feature a fully organic cocktail menu and by next week, they'll have a completely new list in place. The bartenders here spend a ton of prep time getting all the fresh ingredients ready. One of my favorites is the tobacco-infused cachaca (Bazillian rum) cocktail. It's amazing and I don't even smoke anymore.

Drinks here are well-balanced and sometimes they even feel like they're good for you.
Do not go here. We just left this place; the service was awful and the waiter was incredibly rude. We waited 20 minutes for a cappuccino, then the waiter told us he forgot about it. We asked for separate checks to makes things easier; the waiter completely disregarded the request, then told us that there was a limit on the number of credit cards we could use to pay for the single check he gave us. After we had paid the check, he immediately told us we had to get up because they needed the table for an incoming party. The food is also incredibly mediocre. I could go anywhere else in the city and get the same level of food and enjoy better service.
I've came here a few times and each time has just been subpar with below average service. One server was very short and borderline rude when explaining the Bottomless Mimosas that they offer during brunch. I asked if the champagne and orange juice came separately, and the server's response was "I never heard of that."  The better response would be "we don't accommodate that and only serve premade in a pitcher." He said it as if I didn't know restaurant etiquette or something, as I mentioned borderline rude in his tone and manner. If you know restaurants, plenty allow you to build at the table and some with various types of juice. That started off the meal bad and the server seemed to be even more short and take long periods of time to check on us. I tried to say ok he was new but new doesn't mean treat people in a rude way especially as a waiter. It's just sad how people treat you for no valid reason. 

The last time I went the server wasn't rude but just indifferent. He convinced us to not order the bottomless mimosas and instead cocktails. The cocktail I ordered was a blackberry mojito but had a bad sour taste to it I can't explain. 

We also ordered the crab tacos which sound good by their description but they just aren't good. I don't like how crispy the taco shell is, barely any crab, way too much avocado and radish. I just imagined it so much better especially for the price  being $5 each for each bite size taco. Never ordering again. 

My date got an omelette that did not look appetizing and he said was just ok. I got the Lobster Skillet and I have had this twice. Both times I wanted to like it from the description, but it just lacks. Lacks more cheese, more flavor and the whole time I'm just fishing for the little lobster that is in it which is slightly over cooked. It's like a lackluster lobster Mac and cheese. Wouldn't even look at the dessert menu. 

I want to like this restaurant more because the ambiance and location is perfect. It does gets a little too hot outside especially when they seat you under the umbrellas that don't really help as the sun was right over us since it was around 12 noon. Definitely would not recommend on a hot day, my date was wiping sweat from his face with a napkin and they brought out another umbrella. However indoors is much nicer. 

Don't think I'll be returning. I've given enough chances and have been too turned off by the servers and food.
Horrible horrible horrible. Never had a problem with this place when we go here for drinks and sit at the bar - bartenders are great. Dinner was horrible. My 14 dollar appetizer was not enough for one full bite - not kidding! The service was horrendous - there was also some rude lady who gave me am attitude when I told her that there was stuff on the check that they forgot to bring out and we told the waiter about it already. She gave me such an attitude - she might have been a a manager or an owner - regardless I don't know - she is in customer service and should get her attitude checked - she should have been apologizing for their horrible service not giving me am attitude.  Never coming to this horrible place again.
Went here for an early dinner (4:15pm) before a concert over in Camden & you could tell they weren't fully ready to be open. We got a table near the window (the view was the parking lot) & our waiter, Dean, was nice enough until another table came in next to us 10mins after we sat. 

They got their water first, got read the specials first, got their drinks & all their food before us. You can tell not only the waiter, but other staff members were much more attentive to the table of 4 pretty girls over myself & my fiance. They got visited by the Manager for a quick, "Hello, how was everything?" while we had to practically chase someone down to order another drink or get the check. 

The food was good enough, but was a bit bland. If there was salt on the table, I would have used it, but since we barely got service for dinner/drinks, there was no way I was waiting longer to salt the food.

We spent over $100 for apps, drinks, dinner, & two coffees while we could have gotten a cheesesteak from South Street & been just as happy.
If you can't make it to the Amalfi Coast then head here!

This Old City gem has been around for years, tucked away on the second floor across from the Ritz 5 at 2nd and Walnut. 

Our group of five stopped in here for dinner during restaurant week. The seafood selection is pure Mediterranean fare. The fish and Risotto and oysters and salads and charcuterie are all excellent. Whether I'm having Lobster Fra Diavolo in the dining room or Mediterranean olives and mozzarella in the Sopra Lounge, I always enjoy the experience of eating here

When you walk through the front doors of Positano Coast, the white walls and the deep blue floor tiles immediately transport you to the Mediterranean. When it's warm and the windows are open and the long white drapes are blowing, you almost forget where you are.
I made a reservation for outdoor dining on a really nice day. We were seated promptly upon arrival and our server was wonderful! I had the fried calamari, crab tacos, lobster mac & cheese, Pinot Grigio, and the apple tartlet for dessert. Everything was phenomenal!! The happy hour menu is great. We (2 people) got a ton of food and drinks - the bill was less than $100.
This must have been an off night.  The service and food were not up to the same standard that I've been used to here.  It felt like my server was annoyed.  He made a comment to me about serving customers that don't speak English as their first language.  He expressed how that bothered him. The food was not presented  well and the portions were a lot less than what I've had in the past.  Maybe because it was Sunday?

The NJ location has always been top notch.  I was quite disappointed tonight in Philadelphia.
Positano's team provided an amazing service, great food and great atmosphere despite the difficult COVID situation.
The staff was wearing masks during the entire service and was careful to maintain appropriate distance. Despite all these restrictions they were able to provide and amazing service. 
The food? Well, amazing, as usual!
The set up was carefully prepared, the tables were spaced properly, and both the patio and the sidewalk were nicely prepared. On a Sunday night the traffic on walnut (both cars and pedestrian) was very slow and we didn't fell bothered by it

Kudos to an Old City staple! I was very happy to be able to go back and experience a great dinner after the long quarantine!
Amazing! The ambience and service were great and the food was absolutely delicious. We had the fresh fish, Zucchini Crabcake, Calamari Octopus salad, Crab Taco yum, everything was delicious!
5/5 stars!!

Went here for a bottomless brunch with my roommate and we absolutely loved it!

We got seated with our reservation right away. The place is beautiful!! The staff was also amazing and so friendly!!

We got the bottomless mimosas, tuna tar tar appetizer, lobster skillet, and brunch burger.

We also ordered a sangria to try which was delicious!

All of the food was absolutely delicious! The lobster skillet was so rich and creamy and my roommate said her burger was great! I tried some of the fries as well which were amazing!!

Overall I am SO happy I found this place. $24 per person for bottomless mimosas and 2 hours! 

Near the end, we were a bit rushed to leave but a lot of people started coming in so we knew they needed tables.

Overall, I will recommend this place to anyone and can't wait to go back!!
There is no brunch menu on Saturdays..but there is one on Sundays, and it's amazing. One of the only places in the city with bottomless mimosas. I had the Nutella crepes, which were so decadent, but not too filling. Service was prompt and friendly. Would definitely recommend for a fun meal in a great location!
***June2011 update**** so this isn't a club...but tonight my friends and i turned it into a club. The DJ had the place rocking so we start jamming and that was that. I was sweating by time we left. So...with great food, don't be afraid to "shake it" after you eat! great atmosphere. Shout out DJ Ronnie Dubbz!


So once again i'm out eating on my B-day and this place looked really nice so we went here. It was very pretty. The hostess was a little weird, but the bartenders and wait staff are excellent. 

The food was delicious, we got scallops, sea food risotto, fresh bread, cheese assortment, raspberry daiquiri and a martini. Initially the portion sized seemed very small but it was actually enough food to enjoy  oneself.

They also have a DJ here and it just the restaurant itself  is just lovely/beautiful. The bartender also ordered a small dessert for me "on the "house" b/c of it being my bday!

- i will write more later as it's currently 1am :)
After years of walking by this spot we finally tried it last week. The restaurant had a very large bar area and a great happy hour (specials on both wine and food until 7pm). The dining room decor is a bit on the cheesy side with murals and paper mâché clothing pieces on the walls. On a Saturday night the restaurant was very crowded so the dining room was exceptionally loud. We had made a reservation and were sat very close to the bar which made it seem even louder. 

Sadly the food was just OK. We shared the mushroom risotto balls, fried cauliflower, crab tacos, and artichoke salad. Out of the apps I would say the cauliflower and artichoke salad were favorites. The portions were VERY small. For entrees we ordered the seafood risotto, squid ink pasta, and branzino which were also all just OK. The branzino was most disappointing of all as most spots serve the fish on an impressive platter with the fish filleted, compared to Positano where two smaller fillets were piled on top of each other on an appetizer size plate. 

Would recommend as a fun spot for a happy hour drink and bite but would not dine in again.
This place always confuses me when I come here on a Friday or Saturday night- is it a bar? a club?  a restaurant/lounge? They have a mix of all these elements, as there is a bar, a DJ spinning in the background (and a few folks on the dance floor) and and a back area with tables for eating.

I guess I am used to places that know what they are-bar/restaurant or just a club. A mix of all 3 is overwhelming.
Hosted a shower there- the food was good but the staff was not great.  Our shower host was erica who was extremely unfriendly and unaccommodating.  She did not serve dessert until after the event was over.  Also- when trying to establish timeline of the event she was not willing to discuss and offered a  lot of attitude.
I'm giving it three stars for food (fine but unmemorable, and skip the crepes for sure).  It's at least four for drinks -- don't be fooled by the unfortunate choice of font for the sign, it's very fabulous and very Mediterranean once you get upstairs.  Nice outdoor seating in Philly without having to watch, inches from the curb, as drivers pick their nose while they speed by!  Don't underestimate it.
My fiancé and I just came back from Italy and I was craving burrata. I found a couple restaurants but this one was open the latest. We made a reservation for 10. As I'm getting dressed to leave we get a call that they close their kitchen at 10:15. What kind of establishment allows a reservation at 10 if their kitchen closes at 10:15? I hope they removed that from Open Table.

I'm still craving burrata two nights later and I had a shit day. Decide let's try Positano even though they were pretty idiotic the other night because they also deliver through Uber eats and we order on there a lot. So if we're happy we can get delivery on lazy nights. 

I have to say this place could work on their service. They take about 15 minutes to do anything (say hi, take your order, refill waters, give you bread, etc). But the food is just so amazing that we keep going back. I think we've been there 4-5x now and every time service has been that way. If they worked on that this place would get 5 stars.

Food wise the octopus is perfectly cooked whether in the seafood salad or alone - both good choices. I'm fickle about the seafood risotto, sometimes I'm into it, other times it's just okay. But my fiancé orders it every time. I always get the rigatoni. During a family dinner my parents enjoyed the cavatelli which I also got on a different occasion and was happy with. The crabmeat tacos were a favorite by all 5 of us that day. Branzino with truffle oil is so good; I mean anything with truffle oil right? And of course what brought me here in the first place the burrata does not disappoint! 

We have also ordered on Uber eats and am happy to report that their delivery was on point as well.
My girlfriends and I came here for brunch over the weekend and we left completely satisfied (and a little boozy).
The vibe here is very European and relaxed; we were excited the moment we walked in.

We all opted for the bottomless sangria and mimosas; they gave us 1 carafe each so we only had to ask for a refill maybe once or twice- which is ideal when you're knee deep in girl talk.

The menu is a little small but that's helpful for us indecisive ones.
We started off with the spicy calamari- the calamari itself was undercooked but the goat cheese and cherry peppers were a nice touch.
Next time, I'll be sure to ask for it to be well done- just to avoid any issues.

Then we went with the salmon flatbread and orecchiette, which were both exceptional. 
The orecchiette was cooked to perfection; I usually see that since orecchiette is on the thicker side of pastas, it tends to be undercooked but this was perfect. 
The salmon flatbread was equally as delicious and the capers gave it a nice bite.

We also ordered fries for the table because who doesn't like fries??? And the best part about them was they they were cooked to crisp perfection.

We were looking forward to the homemade donuts but unfortunately, they had run out and we weren't that interested in any of the other desserts on the menu.

Since all 3 of us left with happy and full tummies, we have all the plans to come back for dinner!
Great place with a relaxed atmosphere for drinks with friends, with a surprisingly good deal available for wine by the glass ($10-15 for 9 ounces, essentially 2 glasses). They also offer a small selection of organic mixed drinks if you're feeling adventurous. Since I'm always feeling adventurous, I tried the sinner something or other, with gin, cucumber and Thai basil. Very refreshing, and good enough to convince everyone that tried mine to order one. Service is somewhat lax, which can be positive or negative depending on your needs.

I'll hold off on rating the food, since the only time I've eaten here was for a rehearsal dinner. The meal was pretty good, but I don't know that it would be a good reflection of what you would get just walking in off the street.

Come on a comfortable evening with a nice breeze to really appreciate the setting. Preferably not on a busy Friday or Saturday night.
This place was just alright. I went for restaurant week with a group of friends and have to say that we left less than impressed. They burnt our focaccia bread appetizer. Then, one of my friends ordered the veal and had to send it back because it was inedible.  The waitress called him a picky eater to his face and the staff in general were very slow with refilling our waters. 
My seafood meal was pretty good, but didn't have very much to eat. 
The dessert was essentially two pieces of cake split up among six people, which I didn't find very exciting.
TL;DR - don't go out of your way for this place
Absolutely adored Positano Coast! I went on a Saturday night and loved the open dining concept - it was a beautiful summer night and it was wonderful to be somewhat inside while still enjoying the breeze and nice weather. The style vibe feels like Italy meets Miami, which I loved.

For drinks, we got the Sevilla and the Vesper - I had some questions about the Sevilla as I wasn't sure what some of the ingredients were, and the bartender was incredibly accommodating - he took the time to explain all of the unknown ingredients and let me do a small taste of them as well to make sure I'd like the drink. Despite it being relatively busy, he was never rushing us and took his time with his customers. The drinks were solid.

We also got the crabmeat taco and the burrata - the food was absolutely amazing! I couldn't believe how flavorful the tiny taco was, and the burrata was a nice portion size and good to share. I wasn't very hungry so I was happy I could try something small like the taco. 

All in all, between good drinks, great food, a cool vibe/style, and excellent service, this is an easy
Oh, Positano Coast, what a love-hate relationship we have!  The first time I ever stepped on the mock-Mediterranean floors of this wine bar & restaurant was 8 years ago after having visited a bar in Old City.  A few of my guys friends and I were with a few female friends from college.  At the time, the young women were overly excited to be there, and we weren't into wine (mostly beer-- not even the good stuff). We lamented the feeling of pretense that accompanies the place, but it was an informative experience at the least. 

Fast forward to today.  I love wine. I love relaxing. I love forgetting that I'm in the city.  This is one of my favorite places for a nice date, for a decent glass of wine, and to escape the drunken frattiness of Old City.  Their cocktail list is fairly good, but it seems geared toward those with a sweet tooth.  The wine list has changed a few times since I've first gone (they used to serve wine with peaches-- maybe seasonal?), but it's still formidable even if pricey.  The food is okay.  I had a birthday dinner there last year, and it wasn't memorable or bad-- just okay.  [Aside: they do have decent oysters. If you're not interested in being shoved into the tiny Samson Oyster House near 15th and Sansom, this is a decent alternative.]  

What really makes this place special is the ambiance.  The restaurant is on the second floor of a little complex and on somewhat of an island because of the way the streets converge at that point.  The interior is heavily geared toward the idea of Mediterranean Italy. There are large photo-murals of Italy's coast, lots of Mediterranean tile, a seating area on the north side of the restaurant that has small couches and draped cloth as dividers, and there is an area with larger couches in the back.  Once you're here for five or ten minutes you completely forget that it's Philadelphia.  You don't think it's the Mediterranean, so take that for what it's worth. 

After having felt out of place nearly a decade ago, I have come to terms with Positano Coast. It definitely has a place in Philadelphia's drinks/dining/nightlife.  While it is pricey and pretentious at times, it's a relaxing spot that offers some good food and drink choices. I would love to see them keep the veranda/patio area open instead of closing it off to parties so much-- it's a huge selling point for visiting, and I can't give it five stars until that happens.
Best experience i ever had at a restaurant especially during the pandemic. I came here for a birthday dinner with my two friends and her mother we were seated outside in front of the restaurant. social distance was very much enforced.  everyone wore a mask and the service was awesome. Our server was Gregoria and she was just the sweetest. she cater to all of our needs and constantly checked up on us and made sure that we had everything we needed for a great experience. all of our food came out great and she made sure that my friends birthday was very special. 
My friends mom spilled sauce on her white shirt and Gregoria was right there to witness and she immediately got her Club soda to get the stain out of her shirt which I thought was very very nice of her. 
overall very great experience and we will most definitely return!
LOVE Positano Coast! I've been here twice and loved it each time! It's also one of the few places in Center City that offer happy hour! The staff, drinks, food, and decor are all wonderful! I'll be sure to return!
I've been wanting to try this restaurant for bottomless brunch the past few times I've been to Philly so I was so thankful to be able to try it this time around and with two amazing friends! Although located in a seemingly random and unexpected area, I was amazed by the size and beautiful blue color of the restaurant upon walking up to it. It was reminiscent of a restaurant you'd see on a hill in a beautiful Greek city. The decor outside was stunning (with lots of beautiful plants...I LOVE plants!) as was the inside. Very clean and well kept. The staff was super friendly and our server kept the bottomless mimosas flowing (which were perfectly made by the way...An equal balance of champagne/prosecco and orange juice). The servers don't skip a beat with bringing the mimosas to the table. They even bring you a mini carafe each time so when your glass gets it you can refill yourself. I was VERY impressed by this as one of my top pet peeves with restaurants that serve bottomless brunch is that they take forever to bring you the next round. Bottomless brunch is called that for a reason. I want my money's worth. Keep the drinks coming unless I tell you to stop LOL! Next time around I'll be trying the bottomless sangria.

The outside is spacious as is the inside. My only issue is they didn't have heating lamps all throughout the outside dining area. I only saw two. It got nippy out from time to time as the sun kept playing hide and seek.

Food: I ordered the crab omelette with mixed greens and a side of Positano Fries. DELISH!!! 

Upon my next visit to Philly i most certainly WILL be back here.
I went to positano Sunday for brunch. I was really excited because of the good things I heard. My table and another table were Seated at the same time. The other table was asked right away what they would like to drink. We sat at our table for 30min before anyone came over to get our drink orders. When we had the opportunity to order we  did the bottomless mimosas and sangria.  Our  waiter brought us one glass each and we didn't see him again until we waved him down serving the table next to us. The other tables had drinks constantly being refilled. We paid for bottomless but had two drinks each because we didn't have a waiter. Finally when we got his attention he brought us a carafe with just orange juice. I tried to explain to the bald manager that we were given just orange juice and he replied in a smart tone "I'm sure it's not just orange juice" and just walked away. This was the worst experience I have ever had! I didn't even want  to tip the man because he did nothing for us. We were ignored the entire time we were there. We paid for bottomless drinks but had only 2. I can't help to wonder if it was because we were the only table of all black people. I do not recommend this place!
Went to Positano Coast last night during Restaurant Week. I had all intentions of ordering off the restaurant week menu, until my boyfriend showed me the regular menu. Then of course, I couldn't make up my mind! (Needless to say, we did end up ordering from the regular menu)

Everything looked delicious.  Our waiter was very friendly and helpful. For appetizers, we ordered the cheese plate & the crudo of the day, which was a ahi tuna crudo--it was actually closer to a tuna tartar than seviche, which our server had described it as. Slightly citrus-y...but not overpowering.

Entrees--my sweetheart had the sea urchin pasta---YUM--and I had truffle lobster with edamame. Another YUM...however, I do wish for the price, that there would have been a bit more lobster...and more edamame. We also tried the saffron risotto and the spinach with garlic. Both were good, although the risotto was lacking something.

We decided to skip dessert after not being impressed by the selections.

The atmosphere was great, the murals on the walls were absolutely gorgeous. The only thing I didn't like were the servers outfits--blue chef pants with white shirts--most of the male servers only had on white undershirts & many looked scruffy & unkept.

I'd probably go back if the opportunity presented itself.
Delicious food and friendly service! I love the blue and white environment with themed decorations, making me feel like I am on vacation.

A spacious restaurant with roomy lobby, bar area, outdoor seating area as well as indoor seating area. 

As you can tell from their name, they offer coastal cuisine, which means--a lot of seafood!

Here are some of my personal favorites: 

lamb meatballs ( not gamy at all if that's what you would worry about ), Grilled shrimps with heads on ( they are very fresh and flavorful ), Sea Urchin Linguine with crab meats ( a sizable entree with the flavor of the sea and creamy butter ), and the Chocolate Pyramid is the one to die for! It's a hazelnut chocolate crunch ( Ferrero Rocher alike ) wrapped in dark chocolate mousse that is so rich and smooth (exactly the kind of guy I like......jk)!

Yum! Perfect location for date, lunch, brunch and dinner!
I really like this place. Their lemon signature drink is super yummy. I don't normally drink specailty cocktails. It is super pretty and open. When the weather is nice, I love going here. I have eaten aps a few times there. Tried different things. It was all good. Love the atmosphere
Other folks seem to have had some bad experiences with this place, but not me!

Four of us came to celebrate a friend's anniversary. We all ordered the raw bar combination appetizer which was amazing. Others ordered standard fare, I went with the burrata and squid ink pasta with sea urchin. Really enjoyed both, unique flavors. Easy to turn two plates into an entree.

My girlfriend lost her wallet - still not sure how that happened - but it showed up at the end of the night. Glad it all worked out well.

Then we were off to board games!
Visited on a Saturday night for a birthday celebration with friends.  8 person party.  We were seated promptly even tho our party was not complete...a plus.  The decor is outstanding!   A very cool Mediterranean atmosphere lends to the upscale vibe they are going for.   After being at another event all day I was not super hungry so I ordered the Antipasti appetizer.  Note:  it does not come on a bed of lettuce or with greens.  The waitress did attempt to up sell me a $6.00 plate of lettuce.   Served on what looked like a cutting board the meats and cheeses were quite good.  However, some of the cheese was very strong and could have used some lettuce to cut it.  We did not see our waitress during our entire meal.  Not once.  No "how is everything"  No refills of water  ( my empty glass was not hiding).  I often think that parties are neglected since servers are guaranteed an 18% tip.  No need to be attentive and it showed throughout our entire meal.   Perhaps this place is better suited for a couple or a party of four when the servers are actually working for the tip.
So, we finally made it out after winning the $100 gift certificate at the August Yelp event (the open mic). 

Man. Good food. Portions were alright, presentation was nice.... The décor was fancyish, but encouraged an atmosphere better suited for people who are a little more "blingy" or formal than me. That's fine though.

First things first, they started us out with some really good bread and olive oil. That always pleases me. I had the house salad as my appetizer and the Wild Boar over Polenta for my main course. Both were pretty damn good. The Wild Boar was amazing. It was billed as a rack of wild boar but it was more like 3 chops. Good enough portion though. 

All in all the food was really good. We were able to sit our on their deck too, and it was a perfect night for it. Our waitress was really sweat and attentive. Whats with the attire of the staff though? I don't get it. It looks like they are wearing scrubs. Is that true? 

Would I go back? Hrmmmm.... I dunno. It was good and all but not really my style. I am glad to have eaten here on the dime of someone else though. It is not inexpensive at all.
You think you'd be safe going to an Italian restaurant in Philly, especially one that has been around as long as this one. Even stumbling into a  corner pizza shops in this town you can find yourself enjoying a not-half-bad pasta dish. Well folks, not here. Maybe I'm the dummy for going to this place during restaurant week, but I can tell you now I won't be giving them a second chance. It all started off when our server brought us over the bread & "olive" oil marked as the first course on their restaurant week menu. I'm not sure if this restaurant assumes anyone who comes there during CCDRW is a plebeian but they sure mistook our table. Perhaps done as a cost cutting procedure, but the "olive" oil brought to our table was straight up vegetable oil, without any smell or flavor. A huge first offense. The rest of the meal followed suit with a mozzarella tomato salad that should have been axed off the menu as soon as they cut into the brick-like unripe tomatoes and the sour, unsalted mozzarella cheese. The next course was fine, the most edible so far. Mushroom taigilatelle. Reminiscent of the boxed pasta Rice-a-Roni mix you get at the grocery store. Then for the  final course, a thankfully, most likely store-bought tiramisu. The only clean plate of the night. To summarize, avoid at all costs. I know you tried to get into Zahav and they were too crowded but run, don't walk down 2nd street in either direction and you will find better food.
I like this restaurant a lot !!! Ambience decor is beautiful A+ small plates chooses are great I will be back
I've been here a bunch of times, but I realized last night that I've never left a review. This place is a cute Italian spot. I wouldn't say that the food is necessarily earth shatteringly amazing, but it's consistently good and I have always had great service. I think this place shines most as a lounge for pickies because the bar is surrounded by windows and the appetizers are perfect little bites. The wine choices are also pretty tight with reasonable pricing. 

Worth checking out on a nice day because you can also sit outside.
I came here for a wedding dinner. Service was great and they offered really good wine. My favorite was their Sauvignon Blanc. We started off with a cheese and meat board, and zucchini fries. I loved the fries with their marinara sauce. Their caesar salad was refreshing especially it being so hot. the penne vodka was probably my favorite to say the least. It was creamy and the pasta was soft which was how I normally like my pasta. For the entree, I ordered their steak and I had a hard time eating it because there was so much fat in the meat that I didn't really get to enjoy it. the mashes potatoes were good though if I have to compliment something on the dish. Lastly, they served cheesecake and it was amazing. The sauce complimented the cheesecake well and I wish I had more. I would return on a regular day to see what else they offer on the menu. Great experience and I enjoyed the food as well !
Came here for happy hour on a Friday afternoon with a few friends. We had made reservations in advance.

We all got the lemon drop drinks which were phenomenal! Highly recommend if you visit Positano Coast. We also tried a few of the happy hour bites. I tried the lobster mac and cheese and the fries. The fries were good, but the lobster mac and cheese was very heavy. I don't think I would get the mac and cheese again. My friends tried the focaccia, which was a really large portion, and the bruschetta.

We were seated in the main dining area indoors. The decor and ambience truly makes it feel like you are on a coast in Italy. The service was great and it was a great piece for happy hour with our cocktails at $6 and all the food ranging from $4-$8. All the staff were wearing masks and generally felt good COVID wise. Overall loved it here and would definitely come back!
I don't want to give two stars, but "could've been better" are the perfect words to describe my experience at Positano Coast. It wasn't actively bad, but I would never recommend it to a friend. Even the vibes (which, admittedly were not bad; who doesn't love live music?) could not make up for the dull food hiding behind modern plating. 

In short: eh. Especially for the price? I would pass.
This place is beautiful.  It gives the sense you're on a Mediterranean vacation.  I only came for happy hour so I can't vouch for the food, but the atmosphere was great.

Lots of large windows make the place feel open and sunny.  Intimate tables with comfy cushions and billowy curtains would make a great spot for a date or small gathering with friends.  There's also a small deck area which would be nice in warm weather.  The front room with 4-sided bar is larger and more open for socializing during happy hour.

I came for a young professionals happy hour, and the crowd was decidedly professional-looking, though a few not so young.  But hey, a compliementary drink and $3 wines make me happy so no complaints.  Regular happy hour is 5:30-7:30 with a $3 wines, $4 beers, $6 cocktails and happy hour priced apps, fyi.

I'd definitely come again for happy hour or to try the food, pretty, intimate atmosphere is enough to make me want to come here.
I reluctantly give this place four stars because, despite the so-so food, it has a nice vibe and I would probably go back.

I don't know what the deal is with the food here. I came here once for restaurant week and it kinda seemed like they had conveniently created a restaurant week menu that allowed them to cook up a large batch of bland sauce to use in every menu option. I came here a second time for brunch, and the lobster role was so small it looked like it was made from half a slice of bread. The accompanying fries were good in a generic way and my friend's omelette I tried was also good in a generic way.

Despite this, the restaurant has a nice vibe on Sundays. It's one of the few restaurants in Center City with an all you can drink brunch. A cheap one at that--$18 all you can drink mimosas or sangrias until 3pm. The restaurant is relaxing and airy--the type of place you could spent your Sunday afternoon drinking and relaxing. 

Again, despite the underwhelming food, I would definitely come back!
*Happy Hour review only* 

I've been wanting to come to their happy hour for quite some time since they have some $4 beers, $5 wines and $6 cocktails with both $4 and $6 food offerings.

-1 star because we arrived at 5:15pm and the bartender said they already sold out of the Peruvian scallops on happy hour that starts at 5. I'm glad to hear it's fresh, but selling out after 15 minutes, such a bummer! 

Overall, I was pretty happy with the selection. The $6 mussels were tasty, fresh and a decent portion given the price! The ciabatta bread and olives was a bit lacking, it was 4 small pieces of bread with 6 olives and a little bit of olive oil spread. 
I enjoyed the strascinati for $4, the pasta seemed homemade and it was in a simple tomato basil sauce. The hummus and pita were OK for the price
Drink wise the beers are alright, I'd opt for wine or cocktails honestly. The lemon drop was a creamy base, not the traditional lemon drop you'd think of, but I still liked it.

Between 2 people we spend about $50 total including food and drinks, so I think that's pretty solid. But I want scallops next time!
3-Food, 3-Ambiance/Cocktails, 4-Service. 

Let's start with the positive. On a friend's recommendation, I came with a mixed group of friends and business associates. Our waiter was polite, attentive and amiable. He checked on us frequently, offered water and drinks on the regular. 

At my server's suggestion, I ordered the "Sea Urchin Pasta" ($21). I was intrigued by the black ink fettuccine pasta with crab meat. It was flavorful but I could have done without the large pieces of sliced garlic. 

Perhaps, I've been spoiled by my Italian exBF cooking skills and was appalled by their attempt to pass "mozzarella breading" as stuffed fried calamari ($12). The menu said they were stuffed with spinach and some type of sauce. The calamari was rather anemic in size and mostly breading. I was too tired and hungry to make a complaint. I also ordered a Caesar Salad ($9) with decent portion of chicken and nice, crisp green lettuce. 

Now, the redeeming quality of the restaurant is its unique decor. The fact it's in a second story provides an escape from the hustle and crowd in Old City. If I were to go back, I'd return with someone I was romantically involved with. It'd be nice to sit on white comfy couch and have a full on make-out session as other patrons (unimpressed with their calamari) stare at us with envy. In their defense, it was 11 pm and we were the only diners in the place. The other two couples were drinking and on the verge of baby-making. 

Bottom line: I'd return for cocktails. It is a good place to bring friends and catchup over a glass of wine.
In the mood for cocktails? Or you just want a nice seafood dinner? Well, in either case, stop on Positano Coast for some exquisite dining! It's nicely decorated inside to get you to feel like you're on a nice vacation. Their drinks are quite good. I had their sashimi appetizer, which was quite good but it disappeared so quickly. Their seafood soup and entrees are also decent. Great options for dessert ranging from Tirimisu to chocolate cake. The food is quite expensive, so be prepared to spend a little bit more than usual. But being that the food is quite satisfying, who says money can't buy happiness? :)
We check this place out this past Friday evening and I have to say we were definitely less than impressed. The place was so loud, and the set up is really strange. The decoration is trying way too hard to be hip and chic and it just fails miserably. Our waiter was very poorly trained, overly aggressive pouring of wine, lack of interest, etc. 

We decided on ordering the fritto mixto platter of seafood to start. It came with fried shrimp balls, fried green beans, mini arancini and fried mozzarella. None of the elements were particularly bad, but they werent very good either. It was just a run of the mill fried food platter with nothing to really distinguish it and a large lack of seasoning.

My fiance and I decided to split the limoncello salmon and the paccheri pesto. I definitely thought the paccheri was the best dish we ate all night. The pasta was tender and perfectly cooked, and the pesto was very well done. However, as good as it was, the salmon was pretty bad. The sauce was so sweet I had to scrape it off in order to keep eating the fish. I thought the olive were completely unimportant to the dish as well. If they had not been there, I wouldnt have missed them.

Dessert we decided on the affogato, but we were again disappointed. We received a small scoop of vanilla ice cream in a double shot of espresso, so there just wasnt enough ice cream. The quality and taste of the espresso was good, but the ice cream was lackluster and small as I mentioned.

All in all, definitely not worth a revisit. Price point was great, but other than not, not much to consider again. Plenty of better options for seafood and italian food in this amazing city.
Top to bottom glass windows, a calming cerrulean blue everywhere accented by a summery white exterior, and lemons that float ontop glass vases with crystal clear water. In the beginning, I almost stuffed myself on soft yet chewy bread with an olive oil garnered with jasmine. 

Positano is where I found myself on a heavenly double date. They offer crudo: basically an Italian type sushi and the black bass was smokey, smooth, and maaarvelous. I cannot rave enough about the lobster (which wasn't hard to pry out of it's shell - no tacky plastic bibs or awkward cruncher plier type deals here)! It was paired with a truffle sauce. While I inhaled my meal in like 10 minutes, I also gulped this pesca fresca (peach vodka and basil leaf drink on ice) that defined the essence of refreshing.

Then for the finale was a light, sweet vanilla cherry gelato. The restaurant loses one star because the cherries were dried out and gross, along with its small portions and big prices (50 dollars: poof!!!). But otherwise the restaurant and bar was an extraordinary pick.
My boyfriend and I came here for a birthday dinner and we were not dissapointed. The meal was a tad pricey but we had planned on having a special night out. For a restaurant in this area the food was moderately priced (entrees averaging about $21)  Everything we had for dinner was delicious and perfectly prepared. Freshly baked bread and olive oil to start was yummy. We started with the mussles w/ chorizo as an appetizer. Super. We each ordered an entree, a NY strip steak and grouper wrapped in zucchini. Both were excellent. The steak melted on your mouth and the fish was moist and flaked off when you placed your fork on it. I would also like to mention THE SERVICE WAS EXCELLENT! The waiter and runner were very attentive. We never waited for anything and they checked on us periodically to see if we needed anything. Plus they refold your napkin every time you leave the table! A great time was had by all! I would definitely return.
We went last night for our anniversary dinner.  It's a neat looking restaurant - sort of looks like you're on the coast.  The service was very good.  The food however, was just okay.  Worse than that are the acoustics.  I found it very difficult to have a conversation with my husband and it wasn't overly crowded.  Just not great sound absorption.  Sadly, we would not return.
Friend's birthday dinner. One year anniversary of the birthday dinner we spent at Distrito, so horrifying visions of fields of cilantro filled my mind prior to dinner.  Could it be that awful again?

Thankfully, no.  No cilantro, and a cheaper bill to boot.

Not to say that PC is cheap... but you don't actually have to order the multiple dishes they say you do.  Going as a fairly large group (we were six) helps.  Our plan was to each order one dish - could pick from entrees, starters, or sides - share, then, we did it again.  Was a very good plan and wound up being enough food at a fairly reasonable cost to everyone.

The service was... well, the service was pretty.  He was a very nice waiter, with very nice hair, and just his shirt opened just far enough.  And he spoke English in that perfect grey area, with that slightly altered cadence that indicates he speaks amazingly, nearly fluidly for a non-native speaker... or, he never appropriately learned to speak correctly at all and has a mild impediment.  He lost our order that he wrote down, came back and got it again, came back after he forgot some of it, and then we never got everything we ordered.  But he was pretty.

The bread is amazing. Amazing. I just want the bread. I don't care that it was my favorite part of the meal. I loved it.

Let's see... dishes. Nice eclectic seafood selection - sea urchins, prawns, branzino.  All very good.  Interesting meats - duck, lamb, boar.  Duck was a little spicy for me.  And interesting sides as well.

My companions also appreciated the drink menu - again, unique, eclectic selections.

The restaurant was quiet on a Sunday night, and a little cool to eat out on the patio.  It was a lovely atmosphere.

Great place for a group so you can sample a lot of the menu.  Service, while poor, didn't really make the meal less enjoyable. But most importantly, I had plenty to eat that wasn't doused in cilantro.
Stopped by for a late restaurant week lunch. I've always seen this place when walking out of zahav and have been dying to try it! It looks beautiful on the outside and when we walked in the atmosphere was different than what we expected. There's a loud bar, lots of open seating and many large paintings of Italy. A little less fancy than I was expecting. 

The food was average. I started off with the mussels, which came in a nice tomato sauce. For my entree I had mahi mahi tacos. The fish had a strange taste, I would not recommend it. The dessert was a samples of cheesecake and tiramisu, nothing too exciting. 

Overall great place to stop by for a drink, but there are other places I'd go for food.
The more I think about my recent experience here, the more I felt like I needed to write a review. I have been here many times with no issues. Servers are always super friendly and helpful, the food is great and the ambiance is nice. My recent visit on Sat 10/10 was awful. My sister was visiting from out of state and I chose to take here here for a girls night out. 

Our server Peter was rude, and completely not helpful. My sister has a gluten allergy, instead of making suggestions or checking with the chef as to what she could eat, he kept telling her to order the octopus which she had already stated she didnt like. She decided on the scallops, which came out nearly raw. When we complained, he didnt believe us and took her fork and started poking at them! He asked if she wanted something else and she again asked for some guidance as to what she could eat and he again told her to get the octopus! Then he got really annoyed and huffed and puffed going through the menu. She settled on the grouper which she said tasted good. I ordered the shirt rib meal, and the portion was tiny, I had to order something else.

We also ordered the wine with peaches. The best part is at the end you dump the peaches onto a plate and eat them. I had to ask a busboy for a plate and forks as our waiter disappeared for so long. He then dropped off the check without asking us if we wanted dessert (which we did). I was so annoyed that upon leaving I stopped at the front desk to complain. I spoke to the hostess, who basically said "oh, sorry to hear that" and didnt even go get the manager.

Extremely disappointed in this experience especially since I have loved this place in the past. So many of these things are just not acceptable. Not sure I will go back because of this.
I've been here twice now, and my second visit was so tepid and unimpressive, it seemed like it was time for a review.

A friend insisted on having a Friday lunch here, so I agreed to meet her, hoping this visit would be better than my last meal here. It wasn't.

We had a table outside so that was a positive start. The house cocktail menu looked imaginative albeit over priced. I ordered a Brass Monkey because it sounded refreshing, but it was far too sweet, not very cold and served in a coupe glass (which I HATE), garnished with a tired looking bit of orange peel. If I had been smart, I'd have gotten a Tanqueray and tonic or a Campari and soda. Hell, even a Lillet would have been a better choice. So the bad drink was poor judgement on my part. 

We both like seafood so we started with the ceviche of the day. It was 2 types of fish, neither one a type we'd ever heard of, and it was a goopy mess. The ceviche had more radishes in it than fish, it was too sour rather than refreshingly citric, the fish tasted alright but was cut sloppily. We both just got tired of all the radishes and other extraneous vegetable chunks dripping their vinegar off our forks as we tried to spear a bit of the fish. It came with tortilla chips, was unattractive and poorly executed on all levels. We didn't finish it. 

The waiter recommended the crab cake so I ordered that. My companion has a lot of neurotic food issues (and to my mind should just plain NOT eat out) so she got a fish dish that came with spaghetti. My crab cake was okay, not exceptional, not awful. It did not taste extremely fresh, but it was not fishy and did not make me sick so score 2 for that. The other diner spent the better part of the meal scraping the sauce off her fish, then scraping the coating off it as well, then picking all the black olives out of her pasta. I don't know if she ate anything other than the bread and some of the spaghetti. She did not comment on her meal other than to complain about level of spice and I know better than to ask how her food is. This woman thinks a sprinkle of Lawry's Seasoned Salt is on the level of consuming 75 Thai bird chiles so I ignore what she has to say the majority of the time.

No one asked if we wanted a second cocktail. I would have gone for one but I was not going to chase after it. I think service that is that indifferent causes a restaurant to lose a lot of revenue. Tipsy diners always order more even if they don't eat it all and thus tend to have a bigger tab.

I passed on dessert, as did she, but had a nice grappa which was the only part of the meal that I can say I enjoyed. No one bothered to ask if we wanted tea or coffee. 

For a very sub par meal with cursory service, we spent close to $100, not including tip. On the plus side, I am now totally convinced I will never eat here again for any reason, even if the meal was free.
I had a very memorable meal here with my fiancee and his parents on my first visit to old town PA. 

This place almost had me packing my bags and moving from SF to PA . It was a delightful combination of art, food and culture and with each delicious bite I felt transported to a tranquil island- that's really hard to do when your with your soon to be in-laws. 

I would say that if you're any where near this place it's worth it to stop in, have a meal and enjoy. I liked Jon's idea of grabbing a bite before a show at the theatre directly across the way, but this place seems like an entire night out on it's own. And it's so much cheaper than a flight !!!
I am not one to attack a business on Yelp - that's just unfair and childish. However, I feel the need to share my experience with this restaurant. I've been coming to Positano Coast by Aldo Lamberti ever since my mother passed away, as a way to continue enjoying the "Feast of the 7 Fishes" on Christmas Eve. So, to make it clear- this is not my first time at the restaurant.

We had a party of 8 at dinner last night "restaurant week". Upon entering the restaurant, we were overcome with flies in the bar area. It was apparent that there was a population of the pests in this area - a very common area to experience this sort of problem. 

We were taken to our table, in the far end of the restaurant - it was practically empty in the area where we were seated. For a Monday night, the restaurant was relatively calm - not very busy and appearing to be well-staffed.

Here's the where the fun begins. We were seated around 6:00/6:05 PM, we didn't get the check for our dinner until 8:45! We were not intending to have a nearly three hour dinner. Service was painfully slow - I decided to check the front of house after our appetizers were cleared. I managed to see the hostess and complain about the pace of our meal. The waitress would come to the table, missing plates of food, forgetting to bring BASIC condiments: cheese, crushed pepper etc...

The biggest surprise of the night was hearing that the Buffalo Mozzarella appetizer "ran out" by 6:15 on a Monday. All kidding aside, what kind of Italian restaurant runs out of Mozzarella?? Yet, when we ordered the Meat and Cheese board... it had a large piece of Mozzarella on it? Go figure?

We had a very similar experience on Christmas Eve with the pacing of the dinner, again - we had to address it with the manager. I'm not one of those people that gets a kick out of pestering a restaurant manager, nor do I fish for accommodations when I'm not satisfied with my meal. I prefer to visit a competent restaurant and enjoy the experience.

Our Christmas Eve tradition will find a new home and I had my last meal at this restaurant. Food was "ok" at best - very dry Pappardelle Bolognese, Microscopic "Fish of the Day" it might've been 1/4 of an actual Flounder filet and a very chewy seafood risotto. 

This place is situated in a very cool part of town and looks attractive - don't let that fool you. There are many options that will leave this place in the dust.
Went here on a Saturday night based on other Yelp reviews and found it to be very disappointing in both food and service.  Like other reviewers I did find the dining room to be a bit loud and hard to carry on conversation in at a normal tone of voice. The decor is very cruise ship esque. After being seated it took the waiter several minutes before he stopped by only to tell he would be back with waters later on. When he did arrive and give us the menu it took 5-10 minutes before stopping again and did not tell us about any specials or recommendations. We ordered the spicy calamari, squid ink pasta, a bologense pasta, and the special which was a blackened sea bass. A complimentary bread basket was given to us- the bread was warm , however it seemed like it had been microwaved based on the texture of the bread and the olive oil it was served with had literally no taste. The spicy calamari app came out immediately- it was ok if a bit rubbery.  We then waited for close to 45 minutes before the waiter came back to ask if we wanted our entrees served. The bolognese pasta tasted as if it had come out of a chef Boyardee can. The squid ink pasta was marginally better and had a some brininess to it. Finally the fish was the best of the 3 dishes but it was completely overcooked.  I would recommend anybody considering this restaurant to think about alternatives.
The weather is turning cool and I though "It's a darn shame that I haven't had a drink at this place!"...a beautiful 2nd story lounge with an open-air posh seating area ringing the entire building.

It's proximity to alot of touristy hotels kept me away all summer, but I knew I'd regret it, so on a warm summer night my wife and I dropped by the bar to sample the wine.

The interior is beautiful, the bar being covered in the decorative tile-work that you see all over the coast of Amalfi...crisp blue swirls, curls of green adorned with the distinctive yellow lemons of the region..it brought me back and had me thinking to order some Limencello.

They do wines by the glass in a regular or 3oz pour to sample. We grabbed samples the 4 biggest Italian reds and enjoyed playing a wine-bar  version of three-card Monty ..."Keep you eye on the Barolo...round and round it goes...where it stops, nobody knows".

Best surprise, the bartender went a little heavy on the samples, so we ended up getting nearly a bottle's worth of decent Italian reds to play with for the price of 2 glasses.
Waited 15 minutes for server to greet the table, 40 minutes for a Diet Coke and 70 minutes for food.  No apology whatsoever.
