Photos/videos DO NOT do this food justice OK! And one thing's for certain! Pretty girls CAN cook! Well these ones sure can! 

I've been trying to get to this place and see what all the hype was about for months now. This past Sunday we took a chance and prayed,yes prayed lol, that it wouldn't be crowded. It was! Lol but luckily we were able to grab 2 open seats at the bar. 

Decor is too cute! I love pink so I COULD be a bit bias but it's so adorbs, from the gold accessories and pink diamond lanterns adorning the bar to the pics and wall of some of the most influential African American women ever, it was a pleasure to dine in an experience PGC. 

Soo again they were crowded! But if it's not crowded that's when you should rethink your decision. Glancing at others plates on our way to the bar- yes I do this all the time lol- I knew we were in for some good eats! Food took about 25-30 mins . These pretty ladies we're moving fast! Waitress was personable and grabbed us waters before we even asked. While I'm on beverages, try a half lemonade half sweet tea. Thank me later. They also offer mimosas but I didn't see a drink menu.

So about the food, my mouth was watering watching other people's plates come out- if you sit at the bar you have a front row seat to the pretty girls cooking. Ordered the Aquarius jawn ( that's me btw. I'm an Aquarius and a philly jawn lol) which is shrimp and grits in a nutshell...amazing!!! The creamy sauce was everything! The hash brown casserole was scrumptious and bubbling when it came out. My bae ordered the crab omelet which had great flavor but could've been cooked a lil less;was a lil dark for her taste 

I plan on returning for the fish and grits and French toast. 

Trust the hype and just go! 

Wasn't too hard to find street parking a half block away off girard ave.
So I went this past Saturday and prior to going we made a reservation for 4pm. When we arrived they informed us that they didn't get our reservation but ironically has a party of 15 there arriving after us at 5p and would be closing the kitchen down for this party from 5p-7p. We sat down anyway and they honored our reservation but rushed us due to the party happening at 5p. 
SERVICE 
now we started off wrong with them trying to say they didn't get our reservation but I really believe they took the 15 party reservation after ours and hoped we didn't show and gave us the " we didn't get your reservation " excuse.
There was one waitress for the restaurant it seemed because there was one young lady in proper attire. They appeared to be another waitress serving the party of 15 but we couldn't tell because she was wearing street clothes and she baseball cap ..Due to the tables being so small but the decor so big table space was limited and our waitress didn't clear our table and we were often left with our drink glasses emptied. The chef and owner walked up to us once seeing we were looking for our waitress and brought us a bottle of water to refill all of our own glasses. We weren't given condiments and had to request them ( ketchup ) which was cold and appeared to have been in the One of my friends even ordered a to go entree and requested it  separately and that was brought out before our main dishes in a to go Bag. When asked for the separate check the waitress stated that she added to the entire check and would be unable to separate it ( no explanation given). Eventually after asking the waitress stated at the end when we received the final check that she was able to separate it but they are normally not allowed. 
DECOR
Let's talk decor it is very nice decor and looks so cute and right out of home goods loved it but it's not realistic or workable. WARNING if you are not a size 4 you can not eat and dine in comfortably which is such a disservice to this great place. It's bar stool and bar table top seating . The place is very small so a table of 5 we were very crammed due to all the nice decor on the small table. 
My friend is a size 12 but has a nice size back side and she struggled to sit comfortably in the small hard copper chairs and we kicked one another under that table often. If you have any hips or are plus size you may want to get your food to go for you need two seats to make a seat to hold you entire bottom.  n elderly person or handicap person would struggle to dine in here with this type of seating. There was not enough space to place our bags or pocketbooks etc
NOT handicap/elderly friendly. Regulars seats should be available for all ages and body types.
THE FOOD 
the food delish I must say. I had the island burger which was a homemade juicy burger with crab meat and shrimp on the burger. I would have preferred the shrimp to he fried for s different contrast but it was still nose size shrimp and tasty. For my appetizer I ordered mussels which were delish but due to standing to eat due to my leg falling asleep due to the small bar stool it was not the ideal way I wanted to enjoy my mussels. The Brussels sprouts were delishhhh. Love the food and would like to try more but would only order to go‼
This was my first time trying PGC and overall the food was so good. 

I got the California Love (Chicken and Waffles) and my favorite part about the dish wash the creamy PGC sauce. It was so sweet and savory that I wanted more! Everything about this dish was savory and deelishis. The chicken was fried perfectly and the piece was huge. The waffle was fluffy and freshly made in front of me. I used the PGC sauce to spread on top of the waffle.

Service was good. Our waiter was attentive and because we sat at the bar, the women cooking even came over to check on us. 

The only downside was they charge for water. Didn't realize that until after the fact. Our bill was $100 between the three of us so expect to spend some money compared to other popular brunch locations. I still plan to try dinner next.
The brunch was so good, I just had to try the dinner! TUESDAY NIGHT DINNER 

OMG  WHEN I SAY Delicious y'all we must support BLACK SMALL BUSINESSES!! I never had Brussels spouts and they were absolutely amazing! My turkey burger  was fresh loaded with crab meat and topped with medium sized Shrimp  NOT your "regular" JAWN  Y'all better go there and eat BRUNCH & DINNER ‼  BIG SHOUTOUT TO DOM THE COOK ‍/ OWNER @prettygirlscook 
#shelovesfood 
#supportblackbusiness 
#phillygrub 
#goodeats 
#yelp 
#tuesdaydinner 
#dinnerwithbae
#islandburger 
#mussels 
#thaiwings 
#shrimpscampi 
#brusselsprouts
I started lucky enough to get parking directly in front of Pretty Girls Cook. It's nice inside and I was immediately greeted then seated by a Pretty Girl. Beware all of the seating is pub style and I'm 5'3" sitting at the counter, I had to uncomfortably reach up. This is unlike other restaurants counter space. However the counter does have hooks for your purse or coat. Accommodations for special needs are available upon request. The Pretty Girls cooking wore head coverings and gloves when handling the food. That's a great start for my dining experience! Although it took a minute to be greeted by anyone other than the host my server was pleasant. And yes she's a Pretty Girl too. The decor is black, pink and rose gold accents.

As for the food what I had was fair didn't seem at all like 'buttermilk pancakes' but they were large a filling. The pancakes are so large they are enough to share. the beef bacon it was cooked crispy not burnt and very meaty.

In all it was a pleasant experience just not inspiring enough to drive 30 minutes to get to. If I'm in the area I will stop in for dinner. For now this Pretty Girl is moving on.
Now the reason i give this place 2-stars is for two reasons CUSTOMER SERVICE & a personal opinion on the gratuity. Let's start with the positives:
PGC is a great concept and executed well- decor is cute, space is small (emphasis on small) and quaint. It's cool if you are more interested in ambience and good food. I recently went for brunch to celebrate a friends birthday, we were on the larger side for a reserved party so we ordered almost one of everything on the menu- you can imagine what the bill came to be. No one complained about their food so that was a major plus. i personally had the shrimp and grits and although i could tell the fish was most likely frozen it wasn't the worst I've ever had.. the grits were good (not as hot as I would have liked) but it wasn't a reason to complain. A few other food compliments I heard were for the Shrimp and grits, the crab omelette, sweet potato and salmon hash, and the potatoes. Good job Chefs.  A cool aspect is that you can watch the cooks prepare your food as the cooking station is open and repurposed as a breakfast bar. They played good music too. 
Our service was terrible- there was one server who reportedly held a bad attitude since our group arrived. The reservation was for 9 people but 10 people ending up coming out to celebrate. for some reason the establishment would not accommodate providing an additional chair due to "it being their busy time" (there were PLENTY) of open chairs bc it wasn't busy, "not wanting to take chairs from the bar" and other excuses they came up with. The waiter was especially unprofessional as her demeanor was aggressive and she acted like she didn't care to serve our group. While distributing drinks her approach was "who got a lemonade? who had a tea?" As a server, protocol is that you remember who ordered what and distribute it accordingly. Anywho, I arrived a little later than the rest of the group (i was the one without a chair)& ultimately sat for over an hour without a drink or having our food orders taken. I finally called the waiter over to ask for a drink and to ask if they would accommodate one more chair per the response of the manager/owner. With an attitude and eye roll the girl responded, "no. she never told yall she would bring the chair. she said she would see what she could do but she never said she was bringing y'all another chair." when asked when someone was going to come over and give us a full and true answer she again responded. " well she can't come out on the  floor so if you want you can sit at the bar but we not bringing out another chair." Well this caused a firestorm. to shorten the story, about 30 min later someone of authority came over to the table to smooth things out- one of my friends left eliminating the need for an additional chair. The woman assigned a new waiter (who was much better, so thank you) but this did not come without confrontation between the rude girl and one of my friends from the group. There was a loud and public argument between the two- very distasteful all around. 

Once we had the new waiter, tensions eased and things got better. But my personal opinion was for the gratuity  included on the bill. a whopping 20%. Now i consider myself a good tipper and the good waiter did deserve to be rewarded but I think they should reconsider this included fee given the inexperienced workers they have, 15-18% is more acceptable as this is a far cry from fine dining where the servers deserve 20% as they are TRAINED correctly. They say never discount your worth but you also have to be real. That is a bit much in my opinion. now had we kept the rude waiter, she wouldn't have gotten a penny from me.

A note to the manager/ owner of this establishment: This isn't your first negative customer service review. While your food is good, it's not that good where people will return if they're treated like trash and expected to pay you and KEEP YOUR BUSINESS IN SERVICE. I'd hate to see a minority owned business fall to terrible service. Please fix it.
So I want it to be clear, I will be a customer of PGC in the future. Multiple more visits, for sure. But there's some work to be done. Let's start with the positive: THIS TEAM CAN COOK! The food is amazing. The portions are generous. Don't let the price of the plates scare you, you'll be able to share or take some leftovers home. As an Atlantan, I love how everything is cooked on pretty much the same griddle like at a Waffle House! The owner was manning the grill and coaching the one server on how to run the restaurant, but the service was lacking. Questions went unanswered, etc. That's ok, cause the food was bomb. I especially enjoyed the decor (gold accents and images of powerful black women) and the sweet tea/lemonade mix was on point. Now, the bad. I don't know what it is about black owned spots in Philly, but there does NOT need to be a loud soundtrack at all times. Music played in the restaurant to the level where I was shouting to talk to my guest seated next to me. And where was the A/C? This spot had me sweating. The open grill certainly contributes, but that just means blast the cool air; especially in the summer. And one last point, how did the spot run out of the entree portion to a meal but decide to serve my guest the side puree that would've came with it? We tried to send it back but I guess that message didn't get to where it should. We were charged for the purée as if it was a real food item AND as if we hadn't returned the items! I paid the money because that goes to the community, but how often can you rely on that? This spot as work to do: Training, Inventory, ambiance, and customer service, but the one thing they don't have to fix is the food. The food is BOMB.
4.5 stars...
Pretty Girls can definitely cook! But, Pretty Girls are still learning. 

I was honestly upset upon arriving to "PGC". I originally had plans to go elsewhere for Easter brunch, but after recommendations and no wait time.. decided to try it out. 

We were a party of 8 and despite more than half of the party being present, they refused to seat us until everyone was there. This was extremely frustrating since despite our pleads they did not budge. This eventually caused us to lose our table and ultimately had to split up our group. (FYI)!

Now on to the experience:
Overall.. I throughly enjoyed my visit. I left feeling satisfied. 
However, there are hidden fees associated with almost everything so ask before you place an order. The menu prices also seems to be different then what you end up getting charged. 

It is BYOB ($5 cork fee PER bottle).

We each ordered something different and shared with one another. The lump crab omelette was really good, the French toast was also decent. The home fries were another fav, though they were on the verge of being too salty. 

Personally, I ordered the Aquarius Jawn (Cajun style shrimp & grits). 
As an Aquarius it was only right LOL. But no, on a serious note.. I saw the plate come out and immediately set my eyes on it. Glad I did, it was probably one of the best I've had to date. Flavorful and well thought out. 
I do wish they chose a different type of shrimp. The ones used was definitely not fresh.

Service was ok. The owner Dom was very hands on and she made all efforts to make sure things were running smoothly. 

Decor and ambience is everything! I love the idea behind it all. Women Empowerment at its finest. If you're a woman, a black woman especially and ever in doubt of your worth. Come here, take a seat, order a drink and look around. I promise you'll be inspired!
No doubt about it pretty girls can cook! But pretty girls don't have have customer service skills! Both are needed for a restaurant BUSINESS.

The food is delicious... when you actually get it. I went with a party of 6 and it took one HOUR before anyone had their food! Came on a Saturday, only one cook!?!? Waiter didn't remember all that we ordered which was ok because the portions are large.

The decor was "cute"... girl cute...small girl cute. I am a small girl so it was ok for me however not suitable for everyone I was with. I would say it's not male friendly. I personally like to sit in chairs when eating but this place had stools only, at the bar and at the tables.

There was gratuity added to our bill which is ok since it was 6 of us, but other reviews said it was on their bill with just 2 people and that's not ok, anywhere and definitely not there
So.. I really was excited to try this place. As a foodie, finding new places to try is an every day task for me. I was very excited to support a black owned business, especially owned by a woman. I had followed their Instagram for months, planned out what I wanted to eat in advance and really took my time to make a date of visiting this place.. I was honestly disappointed. 

The service was okay, very sweet servers but they all seemed to be a bit too "tired" to focus on basic hospitality details. For example, bringing water to each person at the table and not just the person who asked for water but each customer OR bringing over utensils without being asked twice. Huge pet peeve of mine. The food was definitely pretty in display and watching the girls whip up the dishes right in front of you brings a sense of comfort to know what's going on in the kitchen but the food was definitely missing something. 

Every black owned business' favorite line is "We don't have that" or "We're out of that" and of course we got one of those :)! My rice was hard, I definitely knew it was the hard baked on rice from the bottom of the pot (not what you expect when you're paying for food). The muscles were a bit dry and could do with a little more broth. 

Also the fact that BYOB is something that each customer is charged for at the end? I'd love for that to be advertised on the menu. Just a bit of communication, wouldn't hurt. Adding in gratuity when I had to ask for basic things like water, and a fork more than once also just isn't fair. To be honest, I felt robbed. Hospitality ties in with efficiency and attention to detail. I could get this type of cooking/ service from a Chilis or Applebee's for just under 40 bucks. Maybe when everyone on the staff is a bit more awake, everything's great? But 7:30 on a Friday seems to be when everyone gives their mediocre effort. Best thing about this place is their aesthetic. Super "girly and chic" but not worth your money. At all.
Five star restaurant! From the time of calling to paying the bill these ladies have it together. So my besties 30th birthday was coming and we decided to give her a surprise birthday brunch. In the spirit of female empowerment we choose PGC because of the great reviews and decor. They were very accommodating with our reservations. The service was great. Our server was attentive and made sure we were taken care of as a party, and she did this alone. The only thing we had to ask for were boxes. The food. Baby!!! The food was scrumptious, I got the Aquarius Jean which is in basic terms "shrimp and grits" but no it was soooo much more. Shrimp grits, special sauce, cheese and tomatoes. It was sooooo good! I love shrimp I love grits but I've never had them together and for my first time, I was impressed. The next shrimp and grits entree has big shoes to fill. Don't make the mistake I did and order sides with it. The entree alone is enough to fill you up! The sides are also big enough that you can put together your own meal just with sides alone but they are not necessary with your entree! Other ppl our party had pancakes - golden and fluffy, omelet - Delish and French toast - yummy.  No complaints on the food. It was byob which is also a great thing... what is Brunch without mimosas?! Most of all my bestie had an amazing time. Food was so good most of us talked about visiting again. 99% of us were first timers and they gained so much repeat business today. They played a Happy Birthday song for us and had sparklers when they brought out the cupcakes we supplies. Oh yeah the decor is great! I really Loved seeing all the black women on the walls. It's very welcoming, and complements the ambience. Even the bathroom is nicely decorated. This was not just getting together for a birthday brunch. It was really an experience.
Food was okay. Service not that great. Only bar seating was available due to the five/six tables being reservations only. (NOT mentioned on website) Our waitress looked like she just jumped out of bed and wore earbuds the whole time. Found out it was BYOB at the last minute, because again...it was NOT mentioned on the website. 
Also realized other guests with items not shown on the menu. We then were told we had old menus. The menu states there is a core fee. Our bottles were already opened. Therefore we were charged for using their glasses. All for supporting my people but some things don't add up...I'm One and Done. Good Luck in the future!
Stopped in at 2pm on a Tuesday. There were two customers at the bar and two employees behind the counter filling condiment bottles. Both employees offered me a blank stare when I walked in, no greeting. While waiting to be serviced/greeted, I noticed another employee leisurely walking around towards the back of the restaurant. She glanced my way a couple of times and after 10 - 15 minutes of waiting to be at least acknowledged, she made her way to me. She wasn't particularly warm or friendly, quite the opposite in fact. Once glancing over the menu I realized most of the breakfast options are only offered during brunch. In result, I left and most likely will not return as I'm big on customer service and this place seems to lack in this area. It's unfortunate because I've heard such great things about the food. It also was pretty hot and stuffy in there, as well. 

Side Note: The woman behind the bar (in the kitchen area) had an extremely long ponytail down to her butt and I thought this was quite unsanitary. It was a lot of hair and kind of all over the place and should've definitely been in a hair net.
Came in around 1230 on a Saturday. It was about half full. I sat at the bar and a server met me immediately. I ordered a half pineapple half lemonade, it was pretty good. 
I ordered the Aquarius Jawn, shrimp n grits. Lately restaurants have been taking shrimp n grits to another level. They are definitely amongst those restaurants. An extremely flavorful dish! 
Small place but nice vibes and good music. 
I will be back to try the crab omelette. Overall 9/10, will recommend.

I've read many reviews complaining about the cooks friendliness, and I understand because they are right there in front of u at the bar. But I'm just happy they are good at their primary job, cooking.
I love this place, I order pick up due to the lockdown and I didn't realize they had to close early but they still took my order last minute. The food was AMAZING and the staff was so friendly. I've gone back a few times since and each time it's just as good as the first time!!!
Listen, I have been to this place not once, not twice, but THREE times and the food has always been consistent.  I actually discovered this place from an article I had read on Essence.com.  In the article they happened to highlight small businesses in the Philadelphia area that were black owned. I thought I knew/patroned a good number of them, but this restaurant was never on my radar.  After doing my research and reviewing the menu, I NEEDED to see what "Pretty Girls Cook" was all about. 

First of all...these women definitely live up to the name...cuz these girls are gorgeous...from the cooks to the servers right down to the hostess.  

Decorum
The decor is very stylish and chic, from the walls, the arrangements of the photos, down to the chairs. 

Parking
Parking wasn't an issue...plenty of on street parking.

Food
I have tried the hashbrown casserole, the wake and bake, aquarius jawn and the BFF Burger....every single one of these dishes taste just as good as they look. The portions are very healthy and equally scrumptious. My favorite dish hands down....is the aquarius jawn.

Drinks
This is a BYOB establishment....

Service
As soon as I stepped in I was greeted.  When it comes to black owned businesses, in my experience the food could be phenomenal, the presentation...outstanding, but the customer service is always lack luster and less to be desired, whether that is due to the hostess/servers serving you attitude, the infamous "we aint got that"/"we out of" (insert any food choice you salivating over while looking at the menu here)  to death, the ridiculous long wait times (45mins +), not enough staff to meet the demand, employees standing idle while laughing and having unprofessional sidebar conversations instead of working while patrons are waiting to be greeted, but not PGC, Pretty Girls Cook...showed up and showed out....each time I went (twice for their Sunday Brunch and once Saturday evening) this intimate and cozy restaurant was always busy/crowded, but yet never compromised on the quality of service they provided....this will have me not only recommend this establishment, but making multiple visits in the near future....Pretty Girls Cook did not disappoint.  If I had one negative critique/room for improvement...would definitely be to upgrade the chairs....Maybe keep the chairs at the bars, but definitely have more comfortable chairs at the table....altho they are pretty to look at it...they are very uncomfortable to sit in during the course of one's meal I was always having to readjust myself as I constantly felt like I was sliding down or off, if not trying to squeeze a thigh and a half up in dem seats..other than that....keep up the great work ladies.
We had a large party. Service was not great and they added a 25% gratuity. Food was good but I will not come back. I do not agree to pay for subpar service. We had to ask over and over for water...mind you the air was barely working and it's 90 plus degrees outside. The table was never cleared off prior to the sever bringing out the birthday cake. The place is cute but not for me.
First time coming here and boy did I luck up! They were having a customer appreciation day! 

When I first arrived I thought I was in the wrong spot because it looked like a private party. That's when my friend called me and told me that they were having customer appreciation with free food and mimosas!

I love the fact that this restaurant is owned by African American young women!! The walls were filled with influential Black women.

The food was very tasty and plentiful. They also had a lovely dessert table that was beautiful. 

Our bartender was very nice and she told us this was their first year being opened. I wished them several more years of success!

We originally made reservations for their brunch, and we plan to come back to taste their brunch.
I never got a chance to taste the food! I was with a party of 10. The food came out staggered, 4 meals were first; shrimp and grits, 10 mins. later 2 meals came out; French toast sandwiches, 5-10 mins after that 3 meals came out; 2 crab omelets and 1 chicken & waffle. 

I ordered a crab omelet, it did not come. After the waitress stop talking to her co-worker I asked about my food. She said, "it would be out in 3 minutes." Needless to say 3 mins. came and went. Then she came over again and said, " your food is coming out I promise." By the time my food came out, I turned it down and informed her I no longer wanted the food. The party of 9 I was with had finished eating already. Bad experience, never again!
What an amazing restaurant! I came to Philly for a weekend getaway and decided to go on a foodie adventure. I stopped at pretty girl cook after seeing a plethora of delicious photos. There was little to no wait time for a party of four! Which is unbelievable for a New Yorker looking for a Sunday brunch with no reservations. I ordered the shrimp and grits and I was even more amazed . I will definitely be returning next time I make my way to Philly! Also BYOB!
We ordered on a Friday night about a half hour before the closed and they were still accommodating! They're not one of the restaurants that skimps out as they get closer to closing which is amazing to see in a restaurant, willingness to serve customers. 
Their food hit the spot!! Never had salmon in a grilled cheese before but everything was a perfect combination in a sandwich. Nice thick cut, seasoned and grilled bread, great cooked salmon, spinach and pepper jack cheese. Came with a side of fries which were classic, although could have benefited from at least salt on the fries or fried twice for extra crunch. Also got the buffalo chicken fries which were perfectly balanced flavor or chicken, bleu cheese, and hot sauce. 

Definitely will order again and try other menu items!
Alright folks here we go. So I made reservations and came early.  Immediately was sat and presented menus.  It's was on a Sunday there was also a large party to the right,  restaurant was at max capacity. The food was delicious and presented itself well.  Very very very tasty,  grits are really good,  beef bacon cooked well NOT pork  major plus.  My sister had chicken and waffles. Peach tea was good, music was great and large windows very clean.  A few reasons I couldn't give it 5 stars.  It was a Sunday and the waitress made it very clear that it's normally busy.  There was not enough staff to handle the crowd.  Although we sat right away we waited way to long for our orders to be place and brought to us.  The bar was packed and customers needed checks and were ready to leave but there wasn't enough staff.  Also only one lady was cooking. Definitely need 2 cooks for the volume thats there. 2. The seat. I understand it's a cute girly vibe however,  the seats are like  cute bar stools that would be in a ladies club house.  Fellas your won't comfortably enjoy your meal.  Unless your 5'3 and 100 pounds otherwise you can't sit if your a average adult,  gotta change the chairs.  The last downside is location. It has to be on the tightest 1way Philly has to offer.  No parking whatever so ever.  Now technically thats a city or neighborhood problem however your advising a service to the people so now it's a marketing and customer flow problem.  It would do way better in a better location. As good as the food is I Unfortunately can't return until they provide a chair  I can sit in. My experience wasn't enjoyable because we all kept moving around in the  bar stools. But AMAZING TASTY FOOD.  If your local order out.
Food was delicious, service was not.
When we first got in the door our service told us we would have to hurry and eat because they had dinner parties reserved.
I spoke with the manager to voice our concerns, she wasn't receptive.
Visiting my hometown from Daytona Beach, FL. A friend had poor service during her last visit.
Lordy, Lordy, Lordy!!!! I literally had to thank God for giving me the craving for a seafood meal today after I dined at Pretty Girls Cook. I initially stopped by to try the shrimp and grits because that's what caught my eye when I searched through yelp. However, the fish and grits are served as brunch only items. So, I opted to try the "Women Love Salmon" entree with a glass of lemonade. 

Upon placing my order, I sat at one of the high tops in the corner. The ambiance is classy, and chic, but simple at the same time. You feel like you are at a trendy restaurant  as you sit and watch the chef prepare food items behind the main dining counter. You get to see the hustle and soul that goes into your meal. DOPE, I thought!!! 

I received my lemonade first. I thought the lemonade was sweet and homely. It reminded me of something I used to have as a child. My entree arrived in a timely fashion. I was anxious to try the salmon and mixture of rice, spinach, and spices. After the first bite, I literally shook my head in disbelief and tried not to look like I had never eaten something so DIVINE!!!!!!!! The flavors, the texture, EVERYTHING was AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!! I had to send a txt to everyone I knew in the area to tell them about my experience. I also urged them all to stop in and taste the deliciousness of the dishes at Pretty Girls Cook. 

After paying my bill, I had to ask my waitress who prepared my entree. The waitress pointed at one of the women in the kitchen. I asked the waitress to let her know that she made the best dish I had ever eaten thus far. The bar is high, Pretty Girls! I will be back to next week to try more food!
This place is super cute, but the chairs aren't functional. If you have hips or thighs, you'll find them really uncomfortable. 

But the food is pretty good. I had the Brussels sprouts minus the bacon & they were tasty. For my entree I had the salmon and rice. The salmon was perfectly cooked and the rice was really flavorful. 

My brunch companion had the macaroni appetizer and scampi, both were delicious. I'll definitely be back.
These ladies can cook!!!!!!!!!!!!! Mercy!!!!!! Excellent!!!!! I don't know what else to say more. The portions are a bit small but I don't even care. The taste is exceptional.
First time in Philadelphia, had this black owned woman owned place on my list. Real small place that packs a mean punch of flavor. We started with the lobsta monsta fries, superb. For our entrees we had the penne pasta with shrimp and salmon and the lamb chops. I'll start with the lamb. We had 5 chops which is probably the most I've gotten at any restaurant ever. They had a very sweet glaze on them and cooked to perfection. The salmon on the pasta was amazing! Blackened on both sides but very flaky in the middle. I don't eat shrimp so my partner will have info on that part of the dish. In the end, I was stuck and had to take a nap. The portions were very filling which I absolutely love. Took the pasta home and finished it off later. Cool ambiance, the interior walls are full of boss women (Michelle Obama, Beyoncé, etc.). The staff is nice, we went early Saturday afternoon so only a table or two was in there when we were. If I'm ever in Philly again I would definitely come back. Highly recommended!

I will say there are a couple of negatives. 1. They give you the smallest water cups. Two gulps and it's gone. I had to keep asking for water and with only one other table, she wasn't fast about getting the water back to me. I had to ask for extra cups but usually people pick up on how fast you are drinking water and bring extra. 2. No alcohol (BYOB) but I'm on vacation so I'm not carrying around a bottle. 
3. The menu prices aren't the actual prices. They said they updated it but it's not on the menu just in the system.
This is one of my favorite black establishments to eat at. The elegance of the atmosphere matches the quality of the food. I believe have been here twice with this recent visit a few days ago makes a total of 3. First two visit I went with friends and ordered the wings. The wings are cooked thoroughly, they are not to over cooked and not under cooked. My server at the time suggested the Thai Chili wings. Since then this has been my favorite. Recently I just visited because of a staff outing with coworkers. This time I wanted to try a meal that was a little different. I ended up ordering the Salmon in Pita. The seasoning on the salmon was so delicious. Every bite was like the first bite. When they say pretty girls cook they mean pretty girls cook. The owner is a gorgeous fair skinned women with a serious chef mindset, and she has a great attitude towards her customers. She takes her time on every meal giving you quality before quantity. The music selection was soothing and family friendly. The theme inside the restaurant really expresses the power of African American women and how great they are. The prices are reasonable and it's BYOB. A excellent spot to bring those who may not be drinkers. I encourage any and everyone to try this place out. You will not be disappointed!!
I had friends tell me how good the food was here so I came with 4 friends. I walked in and no one was in the restaurant and there wasn't a hostess at the front just a girl in a light pink hoody sitting in the back on her phone paying no attention to her job. Apparently there was a sign at the front saying "please wait to be seated" but the person who was supposed to be sitting customers was on her phone in the back. Me and my friends sat down and the apparent "hostess/ server" rolled her eyes and said "y'all ain't see my sign!?" we said we apologize no one was upfront so we thought we sat ourselves and she came upfront and sat  us at the same table we originally sat at and said "y'all do that at every restaurant y'all go to " .. then when she sat us with menus she sat back down on our phone and it was 5 minutes until she came up and took out order while we watched her on her phone ... the food ended up being decent but it doesn't matter how good your food is if your service is terrible and your employees are ignorant . I work in the business and didn't even want to tip her ignorant, evil, unfriendly self
Ambiance 4 stars but the food gets 5! This place has some of the best food I've ever tasted. Large portions. If you're hungry and not counting calories,  you must try it at least once. There aren't many places I go where I want to try every single thing on the menu. Thoughtful, creative dishes that taste like they were prepared with love.
I have heard several positive reviews about this spot but still never had a true desire to go because it is rare that I'm in this part of town BUT today I proposed it as a dining option to my niece and she picked it... GREAT choice!!! 

Even though the restaurant is located on a small street, I was able to find parking immediately. We were greeted upon entering and also seated quickly AND a waiter came to our table shortly after (3 thumbs up so far!).

We decided on an order of Buffalo Bully (fries, with strips of chicken, blue cheese crumbles and buffalo sauce) and it was soooo good! Just the right amount of each component... For our entrees, my niece ordered the Scampi and I ordered Sinful Salmon (which is grilled cheese with salmon, pepper jack cheese, spinach and onions) - I never would've imagined having salmon in a grilled cheese sandwich but the way that my sandwich was prepared was such a great blend of ingredients and it was just about cooked to perfection (I would've preferred that the bread not be as buttery); in spite of this, I would definitely order this again when I come back and trust that I WILL be back!

We did not order dessert but it was another patron's bday so we were able to get a glimpse of what looked like banana pudding; OMG - it looked like it was delightful! And to top it off, when it is someone's bday, they put a sparkler in the dessert and play the Stevie Wonder version of happy bday :-D

The decor in the restaurant is nice also. This space is not large so I would not recommend for large groups unless the entire restaurant is being rented (if they do this)... Definitely a nice place to grab a bite with your girls or have a low key date night.
Cute little spot...girly but not over the top! About 5-6 tables and seating available at the counter. Customer service was ok not bad but not amazing. I came on a Saturday so only half of the brunch menu is available  Food is kinda pricey but it is delicious. Food is very favorable. I got the Aquarius Jawn which is shrimp and grits. It had tomatoes and beef bacon crumbles and a lil spice to it. Big serving I had leftovers. Limited non-alcoholic drink menu but is also byob for a $5 fee. I believe there aren't refills and if so I wasn't offered 1 lol. I would probably come back again to check out lunch/ dinner. The restaurant is accessible by public transportation and also has on street parking
I came here for Sunday brunch with my friend and was glad we decided to do so.  This is a small but cute restaurant.  When I say it's small I seriously mean it so you may be waiting for a table if you plan to dine in.  There is a nice bar top seating area and then a few tables around the place.  The kitchen and cooking area is open so you can see the staff.  It is BYOB and you do have to pay a bottle charge and for orange juice and if I am not mistaken they do have restrictions on what type of alcohol you can bring into the restaurant so I would call or check before hand.

There was a wait when we got there.  Once we found out you could bring your own alcohol, I ran up the street to get something so we could have mimosas.  When I came back we were seated and our waiter came and explained everything to us and went to get our glasses and OJ.  Once looking at the menu my friend decided to get chicken and waffles with a side of potatoes with peppers and onions.  I got fish and grits with a side of potatoes.  We sipped our mimosas as the food was being prepared.  There were people pouring in and waiting at there door because there isn't really a waiting area.  And it was also getting really loud.  

Our food didn't take long to come out and it looked and smelled amazing.  The portion sizes were also great for the price.  My fish was cooked and seasoned perfectly.  The grits were creamy and it all came together beautifully.  My friend said her chicken and waffles were great.  They cooked a thick chicken breast and seasoned it perfectly as well.  She said the flavors were all there in everything.  We both got potatoes and we both thought they were good.  So there was no disappointment at all when it came to the food.  

I am giving them four stars because the food was really good, the service was good and the place is really cute but I couldn't give 5 because it's so small, I feel like people have to rush to eat because other people are waiting on tables, and location and parking wasn't the best at all.  I would go back and try dinner.  I feel like they wouldn't disappoint.
BYOB.I visited PGC Dec 3rd 2017 for my gf birthday brunch. It is a nice little setup. Seating is very tight (high table, bar stools) not a lot of arm space or space for the table right next to you, you minds well all sit together. There's a bar, and the cooks are right behind the bar cooking. I said I would never come back here but another one of gf's want to try the place out. It is very cute I have to give it that. We came for Brunch, we were seated in a timely fashion, but the wait overall was horrible, people that came in after us and sat at the bar were in and out before our table. We were bought out water for our table and were had to wait for menus after asking for them twice. After receiving our menus which was pretty short so it was easy to choose from we waited, and had to call for our server to take our order. Our server didn't have the nicest attitude in fact she was sassy, Sassy enough that she didn't have a note pad to take our order like some of the other waitress and had to come back multiple times and ask our order, good thing she didn't have to go far to the chef which is right behind the bar where they cook. After receiving our main dishes we had to keep asking for our sides (i.e. bacon, eggs), by this time we have eaten our main course and still haven't received sides, we told her we no longer wanted them it was no point, she told the chef the chef and he asked were we sure he just put them on. We are not sitting here for sides. We said no, we were fine and since the place is so small the owners, chef and other workers turned around with disgust and looked. In all actuality we should be the ones looking in disgust, how could you blame us. The food was not that great portion size or taste wise, I honestly can't recall if I had a crab omelet or if it was lobster, wasn't memorable but nonetheless it was barely any portions of that in there. We were charged a cork fee for popping bottles, this isn't a 5 star and not one 5star I've been too charged to pop a cork. OK. 
Overall they need to manage and service better, and provide more space. 
I like to keep my reviews accurate so will update if anything was better or worse.
I called ahead of time to see if I could order for pickup since I was driving in from NJ. The young woman who answered the phone wasn't very friendly. I hesitated but then decided to make the drive. We arrived and the woman who came to the window asked how she could help us. I explained we had never been there before and had some questions about the menu. She was very nice and answered all of our questions. She explained we could add shrimp to our orders of Lobsta Mobsta Loaded Fries. We added that option. We also ordered the Island Gal Burger and Dirty Diana Grilled Cheese. We paid and waited in the car for about 20 mins for our food. We did a quick check before getting back on the road and everything looked so good. When we got home and sank our teeth into our food, we immediately knew making the drive was worth it. The food portions are huge! We were very happy with that. And everything tasted soooo good. There was nothing I would have changed except more cheese sauce on the side for the fries. The lobster and shrimp with the sauce on the fries were perfection. The short rib grilled cheese was amazing. I will surely be back at Pretty Girls Cook. I want to try their brunch offerings.
This has been on my *To Try List* for months! Finally tried it and it's definitely worth the hype. 

Location: Decent street, could be hard to find parking but I caught someone coming out. 

Wait time: I came on a Saturday, early afternoon for brunch. No wait time which I was surprised at. 

Customer Service: Everyone was friendly from the moment we walked in, they were attentive and checked on us throughout our meal. 

Atmosphere: good music, great pictures, nice staff, this place is small but it's really a vibe. The owner did good with this spot. I'd love to see her branch off and get a second location with like outside seating as well. 

Food: I got the pancakes and turkey bacon. BOMBBBBBB!!! I don't know what they did to the pancakes but they were light and crispy but filling and huge. They may have been the best I tasted, shout-out to the cook. My friend got the shrimp and grits and she couldn't stop talking about them.

* the only reason I gave four stars is because they only offer half of their brunch menu on Saturday's, the full brunch menu is offered on Sunday's.   

Pricing: Listen I don't care what your budget is, they fit it! Lol They have extremely decent prices, I was surprised at how affordable they were. The atmosphere and Food is definitely a treat to yourself for these prices! 

This is a must try brunch spot recommendation from me, I will definitely be returning a couple more times especially on a Sunday to try the other half of the menu.
Great spot 
Friendly staff 
Delicious food 
I had the salad with grilled chicken 
Nice portion of chicken also
First time there today heard about the food. Went for the island gal burger. It was very very salty did not enjoy it at all. The half and half drink was delicious, customer service was very good. The chairs are not very comfortable especially for curvy women. I saw several full figures women looking very uncomfortable one women kept standing and eating because the chair could not hold her. They really need to rethink the chairs just saying customers should be able to sit and eat. Lastly pull back on the salt.
Small portion sizes and food is only sub par. Music is too loud and overall not worth it for a second visit.
The first word of description I can think for the food at Pretty Girls Cook is Mmmmmmmmmmmmmm! Everything I ate there tonight was so delicious! I ordered the brussel sprouts to start and the salmon for my entree.  The brussel sprouts were so flavorful and prepared the way I like them, cooked with a bite to them. Some places overcook vegetables but these were outstanding. My perfectly cooked salmon dish was accompanied with this great rice. I could have used more spinach but the spinach I had was also delectable. My only hazard is for the folks like myself that have hips on the wider side, the seats are not comfortable. They are gorgeous to look at but sitting in them was uncomfortable. Our server, Sabrina was outstanding though and she made the discomfort bearable. Also the fact that the walls are an homage to Black women's excellence makes you just want to soak up that great energy. If they had half stars I would take half for the seats but since they hit all the best notes with food and service including prompt check resolution*, I have to give the 5 star treatment. To top off our meal my husband and I had the cheesecake bites. Hubby was disappointed at first that they weren't fried. Instead they were 6 small pieces of 3 types of cheesecake, mocha, strawberry and plain. It was the perfect amount to share after a filling meal. I will definitely return. I think I want to try the waffled mac&cheese on my next visit. Next SisterDinnering date with my Good Sisters, here we come! 

*I dislike it when some places keep you hostage by not giving you your check in a timely manner.
I love this restaurant for brunch and the sentiment of supporting well-crafted Black Businesses. However, the service here is somewhere between terrible and horrible. The servers rarely acknowledge you and offer to take your order by saying: "what you want?" As if, me being there is an inconvenience for them. When in reality, it's what's keeping them in business. 
The food was good overall, but the shrimp and grits (which I've had two times before) were over seasoned and way too salty. 
And as you can see from my photos both of the plates and bowls were chipped as was my mason jar, which is serious health hazard that they can solve by replacing the plates, bowls and cups as necessary. No customer wants to mistaken eat a shard of glass or something and I'm sure this establishment doesn't want a law suit for that either. 
Finally, I love the decor in the place, but the chairs are not suitable for people bigger than a pencil. Although, this wasn't my direct experience, my friend had a very difficult time sitting for our meal and honestly was forced to slightly stand throughout our stay here. This wasn't an uncommon occurrence as I saw numerous bigger people standing or bracing themselves on nearby chairs to balance themselves on the small small chairs. 
Needless to say, if there are changes in the service and China, I can definitely see myself returning.
A wonderful place to get together with friends and enjoy a beautiful and delicious brunch! Remember to BYOB for your Mimosa's
I love it here! The decor is awesome, the food is GREAT! I have been here on a date, with family and with a group and each time was wonderful. The food is pretty phenomenal! My favorite is probably the shrimp and grits, they are so well seasoned and you get a very nice portion. You will definitely get full. The crazy crab omelette is banging', so are the Thai wings, and the Wake & Bake. Everything here is delicious, just writing about is making me hungry all over again. Ans the names of the orders are super cute, the Candy Girl Cakes, California Love, The Philly Jawn and the Patti Approved Pita Pocket (which is so darn good and filling, i couldn't even eat it all in one sitting). Parking was not an issue, there's street parking and it's easily accessible by public transportation. Thinking about ordering takeout now.....!
Sigh...I hate to leave this review but I have to support my Yelp community and stay true to my values in providing honest feedback about restaurants/food,etc. My boyfriend and I have monthly date nights where we try out different restaurants around Philadelphia. I haven't seen my boyfriend for a month so I was very excited and very hungry. We decided to support a black owned business and was referred to this restaurant by my boyfriend's fraternity brother. Upon entering the restaurant we waited for about 5 minutes before someone came over and said to us please wait for the host to be seated. We did and waited an additional 10 minutes before a host came over to tell us that our table should be ready. Within the 10 mins I was ready to go but my boyfriend said that we were here so we might as well wait. Anyway we finally got seated. The restaurant is cute more or a lounge feel though and you can tell it is a new restaurant as there are areas where it look me as if they are still unpacking. Anyway this restaurant is a BYOB however there is a $5 cork fee which is not bad and pretty standard. The menu items didn't flow properly and it was not much variety. I kind of felt the menu was all over the place in terms of the type of food being offered. We ordered basic options which were the salmon and rice entree and shrimp pasta entree. The food was not restaurant quality... my boyfriend had to take his food back because his rice was hard and inedible. My shrimp pasta was definitely something I could've made in my kitchen and had a weird taste. Maybe their brunch is good but I will not be back for dinner. The customer service was ok I guess. Also the cook is a male and not a pretty girl.
Great food, especially for brunch, but the professionalism and customer service is starting to go downhill. I called to put in an order for pick up and I was on hold for almost 15 minutes while I could hear the staff casually having a conversation in the background. A man then came on the phone and asked me to call back in 10 minutes and I had to tell him that I would be taking my business elsewhere.
BEST BRUNCH IVE EVER HAD! I had the wake n bake but with veggie sausage and no bacon! I literally had to ask the chef to double check that the sausage was vegetarian because it tasted so real! The aesthetic and the scenery is super cute, it's black owned and run, and the playlist was so black and upbeat! This is a great place with fantastic food.
I never heard of this place until my uncle suggested we have lunch here. I'm glad we did I had the dirty Diana sandwich it was really good served with my favorite crinkle fries I was happy. I took my dessert a strawberry shortcake parfait to go . Tried it when I got home it was delicious unlike anything I've ever had I'd go back for that alone. It is a little small and I could stand the music lower. Our server was attentive & friendly. I will be a repeat customer
I went to Pretty Girls Cook yesterday (8/12/18) with my friends and it was absolutely amazing and delicious. The food was simply amazing and so good. The staff was attentive, helpful and joyful. My friends and I enjoyed the decor and the owner Dominique took the time to speak to us and made us feel very comfortable and welcome. I will recommend this place to any and everyone! #SupportBlackBusinesses
Today was my 3rd visit to PGC. This time my mother and I  had brunch. I had The Better Breakfast Sandwich and she had the Shrimp and Grits. I don't eat grits or shrimp, but she said it was delicious. She was hesitant about the tomatoes in the sauce but she said it was really flavorful and a bit spicy. The grits were creamy and cheesy and the shrimps weren't jumbo but big and they weren't skimpy with them. My breakfast sandwich was delicious. The croissant was buttery, the eggs were light and cooked perfectly. Not too soft but done enough. I usually eat pork bacon, and I was disappointed that they didn't have any - but the turkey bacon on my sandwich and the bacon topped on my moms grits was tasty and had a great texture. I felt okay with the usually. Can't wait to go back and enjoy the food (and watch my homegirl sing Karaoke on Thursdays) again. The last times I ate here, I had the Grilled Cheese; the meat in it was flavorful and tender. Probably get that again next time, (judge ya mom). I love supporting black owned businesses, and besides it being super cute, the wait staff and owner are friendly and inviting.
Went here a few weeks ago. I was very impressed with the look and feel of the estiraba. Waitress was very nice and attentive. Food was a great. I will definitely will be coming back.
My first time certainly not my last food was delicious had the dirty Diana and the grilled cheese both good choices....atmosphere nice sexy decor service was great
Food and service was amazing! If you go for brunch get the wake and bake! You won't be disappointed!
RUDE. came in with a group of friends and sat myself because unlike other bars there wasn't a hostess at the front so I figured we should seat ourselves. As we took our seats one of the help RUDELY approached us saying "did you not see the sign" unfortunately we didn't. She then in a snarky tone asked us "do you did this everywhere you go?" I was taken aback by the comment considering the fact I've dined at some of the finest and not so finest places in the area and have never been asked such a question. My friends and I then waited to be seated in the SAME EXACT spots we originally sat at. After being seated our waitress then handed us our menus and told us abruptly that they closed @ 9 ('meanwhile it was 830) we asked if that meant they we weren't going to be able to eat our meals? She then said that we would be able to eat our meals in a rude and not welcoming manner as if she wanted us to leave so she could be done her shi so I'm truthfully and honestly confused as to what was the point of telling us this if you were still going to serve us? I'm honestly disgusted with the service that I received and it saddens me because I was so excited to come to this establishment.
Ok so I was trying to decide if I wanted to head to the Airport or get something to eat after my awful visit here  for the Atlanta Falcon v/s Eagles game so I called my lil sis Necie Armstrong who offered to tell me good recommendations to eat from a previous visit and she says The place was called " Pretty Girls Cook " and she describes how cute it is and the name already got me smiling then I say ok that's all great but this pretty girl wants to know how's the food well I think I found the last tiny corner of love In this mean old city of Brotherly Hate Rachel ,Shaleen ,Amirrah were three lovely ladies who took great care of me and made me feel welcome and were extremely friendly. Rachel makes the best Lemonade on the planet and baby girl recommended the island Gurl Burger omg it was deliciousness a double decker with crab and shrimp and your choice of beef or Turkey with a special sauce yaaaaaas I took a bite out of Heaven and melted in the seat  the decor was everything copper accents and high bar chairs and purse hooks yaaaaaaaS a pink Refrigerator and old school phone and the powerful women wallpaper my girl did that the owner was there but her presence and uttermost diva presence was felt through the building. I'd come back to Philly just to eat here! Support these powerful beautiful sisters making moves in Philadelphia you won't regret it ! The food is amazing !
Customer service is just horrible. We walked in and it was empty; ladies (employees) singing and hanging at the bar. The young lady that sat us came over to tell us half the menu was unavailable that day then left, didn't offer us a drink. No one came over or even acknowledged to help and at this point who needs to deal with that when there's literally hundreds of other places in Philly. It was a shame. We left and went to eat at the Amish Eating Place in the Terminal Market...now that food was BOMB.
With it being my first time there, the service was horrible. I went to meet my sister for brunch. The waitress that we had presented herself with an attitude the entire time. She did not greet us, when asked a question she mumbled under her breath and walked away. She did not ask us how was everything or if we even needed anything else. The tip that we left her surely showed how we felt about her service. The food was done and put out for her to bring to the table; it took for me to ask her about the food, for her to bring it to us(30 min later). The restaurant has such a nice atmosphere with good food, it's a shame that someone like her had to disappoint our first experience. Not eager to return at all.
Omg!!! Let's talk about this place Pretty Girls Can Cook... When you walk into this place the decor is hits you soon as you walk in.  From the walls with the most powerful women, The fancy gold chairs, pink phone and fridge (too cute) to the beautiful waitress and cooks.  The food was oh so delicious we all enjoyed our food. My cousin and i had the California Love which is chicken and waffles, aunt has the crab omelette and cheese grits (delicious) yes I had to try it and my other cousin had grits and veggie sausage.  Please go and check my Sista's out they doing the damn thing with style and grace.  Oookkkkkuuurrrrrr lol
Definitely a must try place, these ladies can cook. We stopped here for breakfast one Saturday based on other Yelp reviews, we were not disappointed. 
 We sat the counter which gave us the perfect view to see them preparing and cooking the dishes. Everything was very clean. 
It was a little delay in taking our orders, one of the chefs acknowledged that and made sure someone came over to take our order. 
We got the shrimp & grits and the chicken & waffles, both were soooo good with ample portions.  That was the best chicken breast I ever had!
I highly recommend this place.
Truly an amazing culinary experience!! Had the pleasure of trying several things on the menu & they all were DELICIOUS! The Thai wings, Island Gal turkey burger, dirty Diana grilled cheese & last but certainly not least ,the PGC salad which had my taste buds dancing in delight! Lastly, the customer service is impeccable which is the driving force if there's a wait!!!! I hope to experience their weekend brunch very soon!!!!  A must try for anyone that has an eclectic palate....
This is a really cute little restaurant. It's decorated nicely. Definitely 5 stars for the food...I had the Aquarius Jawn (shrimp and grits) and my sister had the California Love (chicken and waffles). Both were delicious. Everything was seasoned well without being overly seasoned or salty. I would patronize this business again solely based on the food. 

There are some things that could use improvement:
There's no greeter or hostess when you walk in and you can't seat yourself. You're basically standing at the door just waiting. We ended up sitting at the bar. The bar faces the cooks, but they never acknowledge the guests. It's awkward and a little rude. When it came time to order, we tried to order the Wake and Bake and were informed that they didn't have all of the ingredients to make it. That was unfortunate. Finally, the music...loud rap with profanity that eventually transitioned into all Beyoncé. It was a great playlist for the car or home but not for a restaurant.
Our first visit for my pre birthday brunch and it was great. The atmosphere was great! Great decor and friendly staff. The food was really good, well seasoned and presented well. They put our wine in a pretty holder and gave us nice stemware. All around great experience. I'll definitely be back!
Great place to eat, friendly atmosphere and folks have call this "MY Spot!".  As a former Vegan and now Vegetarian ( which is why i rated this place so high), wish there were more options for Vegans especially with a Southern Style kitchen touch.
My mom texted me and asked to grab something to eat, one spot was closed so she asked about PGC. My two times there previously were awful but I wanted for her to get the feel herself. It is not a hospitable place , service sucks , they stare in your face the whole time . The food was horrible again we both got the BFF burgers and the murrays fries the serve with them are horrible, it's about to be 2020 no one is serving those crinkly fries !  Someone from their management team need to review their reviews expeditiously!
Me and my sisters made an attempt to dine for brunch. We walked in. One of three servers that was sitting at the bar told us, we could sit anywhere (we were the first customers). We sat.. A server gave us menus and told us that half the menu was for Sunday brunch only and walked away. We sat.. And sat... No one offered us water, drinks anything. We decided to leave after sitting for about 10 minutes. One of the three server looked up from her phone and said, y'all leaving? Unbelievable! On our way to the car we noticed that the manager was outside having a smoke break. Overall little to no service and lack of management. Very professional!!
This establishment definitely met my expectations. The food was delicious and the decor was thoughtful. It was more pricier than I was gonna expecting, though. Either way the food was worth it. I got the Shrimp Scampi with substituting my protein for salmon. The salmon was deliciously grilled. It was the first time in a while that I didn't have to reach for the salt and pepper! I will be back to try their brunch.
I was just here with one of my gfs a few hours ago and I loved it! We got there when they first happened so we were seated quickly and were able to choose a spot. The waiter was very knowledgeable and helped us with the menu. She got a grilled salmon cheese with fries and I got the Dorothy Dandridge which is the Salmon Sandwich with fries! It was very good and so was the sauce they put on the sandwich. I ordered the iced tea and that was very good as well. I would def go back and for brunch next time!
The cooking saved the rating... After waiting almost 2 hours to be seated and also receive our food. I was amazed to have one of the best brunches Ive ever tasted. I ordered the wake and bake on their Saturday menu. This did not disappoint, the overall ruling at the table was that each dish was amazing. If they can be a better system with the waiting staff and cooks that allows people to be seated quicker and receive their food in a timely manor there is no reason this can't be a 5 star review.
Nice local spot. BYOB I had the Buffalo Bully it was very tasty. Consisted of fries, bleu cheese, buffalo chicken & sauce. Some other ingredients. My GF had the ladies love salmon. It looked delicious. They ran out of mussels which I really wanted to try. The portions are small. The ambience is warm and chic. Lovely decor. I'd go again.
Tried this place for the first time, the decor is chic, but cute & comfy. The chairs look good, but after about 30 mins, def do Not feel good. I love the idea of women supporting women , with the all "girl" staff. The pretty girls can cook, but they def still need work. We ordered the island gal burger, & the salmon grilled cheese. The burger was a tad over cooked ,( although I should hv said medium) because clearly they cook everything "well done". The burger was Wayyyyyyy too salty, I could only finish half of it. The salmon grilled cheese was also very tasty. I would suggest the "pretty girl cook", reduce the amount to salt in her dishes, it over powers the true flavor of the food.  I will return again, but this time I will try the brunch. This place has potential, the "girls" just need a little Restauranteur mentoring to smooth out the rough spots.  #PrettyGirlsCook  #GirlBosses #Salty
Amazing Food! Hands down one of Philly's best kept secrets for visitors but a staple for locals. Amazing customer service. Good portion sizes. And did I mention GREAT FOOD. My friends and I went for Sunday brunch and had a delightful experience. Dominque is an amazing spirit and wishing her and her staff continued success
:-)
My co-workers ordered take out from this place, and they were generous enough to share with me. Can I just rant how delicious their dishes were??!!! Delishhh! Salmon, shrimp and crab pasta, and the salmon sandwich! I will definitely visit this place for a nice lunch or dinner out!!
I had a great time. The service was good and the food was great! The Crazy Crab Omelette has big chunks of crab meat and the grits were well seasoned. Love the whole decor everything was nice. Would come again!
My Gawddddd so many good things to say about this restaurant. If you looking for a nasty, flavorless, unaffordable restaurant DO NOT come here! This place is beyond delicious and exceeded our expectation. 

This restaurant has a little bit of everything but if you're a pescatarian you will appreciate it even more. 
I couldn't decide what I wanted because everything on the menu seemed worthy of tasting so we literally ordered 4 things. "Lady's love salmon" (nice portion of salmon seasoned to perfection with side of Spanish rice and balsamic drizzled on top) "the salmon grill cheese" (the Spinach, onions, cheese and salmon is a tasty combo) "lobsta mobsta fries" (full of lobster!!! The sauce is delicious and fries and fried perfect. "Shrimp scampi" (my gawd this sauce is perfect! The shrimps are nice size and the added spinach, garlic and tomato's compliments the entire dish! Overall the waitress was super nice, the cooks were fast and the presentation match the taste! 

Make your way there now! Thank me later, You will not regret this! I didn't
There name is pretty , They so very, can cook it's a lil' bit scary - Keri hilson voice! I was pleasantly surprised that this was my first time hearing about this place as I'm always around that area! The atmosphere was modern day brunch for you. They had monumental women figures on the wall. The flow of the restaurant was consistent. This is something that definitely boosted my rating! The food was amazing! I order the French toast! All of my friends order that I tried was great as well which were hash browns, eggs, shrimp and grits! The French toast was really on point usually they can get a little eggy but they were almost perfect. It's BYOB ! They still need some training with customer service as it can be a little slow! In addition what we were told over the phone is not the same as when we got there. I would visit again for a girls brunch day!
I love the decor and vibe of this place. The gold and pink theme is everywhere. Empowering photos of black female celebrities and political figures. My only minor issue was that it took a long time for my food to come out, but the server was new. Great restaurant and concept
Visited Philly back in June with the goal of patronizing black-owned restaurants. Pretty Girls Cook was just minutes away from our Airbnb. This place is definitely a local hit and it is easy to see why! The shrimp and grits were awesome and the crab omelette was full and plentiful! Add this restaurant to your list when visiting the city of brotherly love!
The place looked really interesting, so my girlfriend and I decided to give this place a try. We were greeted and quickly seated at the counter in front of the open kitchen. The chefs were working quietly among the loud and chaotic atmosphere, efficiently pushing dish after dish. After looking at the menu, I ended up getting Dirty Diana burger and my girlfriend had the salmon. My burger was okay, but the pairing of shrimp with the burger did not really work. The fries were also forgettable. My girlfriend's salmon was cooked well, but the rice was very lackluster. The service was great, but nothing else was on par.
