I was just in here today to grab a quick hoagie for lunch. 
The schmuck taking orders called me "sweetie" THREE times while I was placing my order. Excessive and unnecessary. Normally I wouldn't say anything but this was getting patronizing and condescending. As I continued placing my order I paused and said "....and don't call me sweetie". Well, in a very loud and dramatic voice he says "OOOOH sorry, ma'am m, is that ok ma'am, if I call you ma'am??" Everyone stared at me. I continued with my order ignoring his douche tantrum. He started staring at my boobs, I crossed my arms. 

Finally, I went and stood on the side waiting for my order and thinking about what kind of misogynistic A-hole treats people this way, especially paying customers!!!!!! I noticed immediately that EVERY single person (all men) who came after me were not called anything!!! Not sir, etc. nothing!!! WHY call me anything???! Why not just treat me like a normal freaking person like everyone else??! Just take my freaking order without being a condescending, womanizing jerk!!!!
Philly is a total foodie paradise and Primo Hoagies totally delivered by serving up the tastiest sub that I demolished in record time. 

I ordered the Italian combo based on pictures that showed it jam packed with various pork based goodies in a sesame seed roll. The sesame seeds on the bread aren't just for decor, but for flavor enhancement. Something about the seeds really magnified the taste of the salami and aged provolone.

I typically don't do bread and rarely do giant waist expanding hoagies, but this was too delicious to pass up. The good girl in me ate the allotted half...the bad girl ate the second half when she got back to the hotel.
We know this is the best hoagie in town - the quality is high, the price is right, the sandwiches large and in charge. They could probably get away with gruff or surly service and have it be written off as a Philly thing or be forgivable because the hoagies are so good, but they don't have to - everyone is always pleasant and patient. I love the Turkey Diablo - a spicy take on a standard. 

I was back in town for a visit from California and wanted to surprise the husband with an italian hoagie when I got back - because lord knows we haven't found a good Italian hoagie in San Diego. I told the dude taking orders "I'm in town from California..." and he immediately knew what I needed and wanted - rolls with paper between the bread and meat, sauce on the side, tomato, lettuce, onion, and spices packed separately. Totally accomodating - clearly they've done this before. It held up 8 hours later for dinner, and we were both happy expats.
Oh Primo, before this weekend I hadn't enjoyed you in probably over a year. Why must you have such selective hours?! 

I love Primo. Really, truly, madly, deeply, etc. I always get one of the Italian varieties with oil and I have yet to be disappointed.

If you're visiting Philly for the first time, do yourself a favor and get a hoagie at one of the many Primos in the area. Get anything - it's all good.
YOOOWZA!

I accidental ordered the biggest freaking sandwich known to man. And ate half of it. At lunch.

Tuna Diablo. Spicy Italian style tuna love on some awesome bread. Served up fast, fresh, and by one hot little order taker if I do say so. This was a sandwich for a family of 4. I shared some of it with my fiancee that night and still have soooo much sandwich left in the fridge. 

Quantity + Quality = Happy Josh
Freakin' awesome.  Yeah, it's THAT good.  Fresh and authentic.  The bread, the meat, the cheese, the pickles, the garnish... all come together to make the perfect, delicious, quintessential hoagie, the way it was supposed to be made.  Accept no imitations.  This is the REAL DEAL.

I usually get the Italian primo with the delicious, chewy, crusty, sesame-covered bread... mmm....  I highly recommend!!!

My only complaint is that they are only open for take-out during lunch hours.  (I think they get most of their business from catering business lunches or something, at least at this particular location.)  I know for a fact that these people make a killing, and they have many locations in the local region, so I guess that's why they don't need to be open any longer than that.  :(

"While I'm waiting for my sandwich, I love watching (and eavesdropping on) the production line." -- I do the same thing!  LOL.  The line is a bunch of Italian-American guys from South Philly who have crazy conversations.  They are loud, nice, and funny guys who might hit on you if you're a cute girl.  :P
As someone originally from Philadelphia, I usually turn my nose up at chains of any sort. I love my BYO's, mom & pop shops, and family owned businesses. But Primo is the exception to the rule. I have yet to have a bad hoagie from here. Fresh ingredients, good variety, and those rolls...yum. My personal fave: turkey diablo.
The food from primos is normally great as is the service.  Unfortunately this branch has hired a completely lazy, clueless, dishonest delivery guy who says he is in the lobby while he sits in his van.  I assume he hopes after waiting 10-15 minutes you will go looking in parked vans for some dude with your food.  

 Finally after walking over to 2 other condo lobbies with no shoes on, looking for this idiot and getting back to my place I call him again.  When I call him out for never being in the lobby he lies to me, not knowing my place has a door person on duty who, when asked, has never seen him(Hello don't you think I did this first?).  

Asking where he could possibly be, and getting the sitting in the van answer, I ask him to bring it up to my condo.  He then asks me what floor.  When I ask him why that matters, he said he is afraid to get a parking ticket and tha't's why he didn't leave his van and ever go into the lobby.

Dude you are a f@cking delivery guy.  You have to park your f@cking car, get out, and "DELIVER" the food.  Perhaps you should look for a job that doesn't involve parking or delivery.

Morale - If you are in a business that requires hiring delivery guys, you need to put on the application: "Are you willing to park your car and deliver items".

The world is truly going to hell and a handbasket....
The hoagies are huge!! They just stuff the hoagie with meat yummm muummyyyy!!!! 

Yes, Turkey breast and Swiss Cheese is usually my options with whatever else you'd like it with. OMG! you wont regret it!
Whatever you do, *don't* go here.
I want it all to myself.

... especially the Old Italian hoagie... 
The sharp provolone is mind-blowing, the prosciutto is abundant and of premium quality, and the rolls make Amoroso's look like Wonder Bread.

While I'm waiting for my sandwich, I love watching (and eavesdropping on) the production line.

But seriously, this is my hoagie shop... go find your own.
Yummmm, I love Primos!  The Old Italian (dry cured capacola, sharp provolone and proscuitto) and Abruzzi (roasted pork, sharp provolone and broccoli rabe) are my faves.  There are several veggie options if you don't do meat.

Besides center city, there are locations in suburban PA and NJ.
Let me preface this by saying that I am NOT a hoagie gal.
I don't "do" cheese steaks and I like to eat healthy.

But I must insist that Primo is the best - I get the Chicken Suprimo - as a wrap (that bread is fresh and yummy - but waaaaaay to many carbs pour moi.).

I also like Nonna's veggie - as a wrap - no oil, with fresh mozz instead of provolone.

This is the real deal!  Even for a non-hoagie eater.
This place makes Subway and Jimmy Johns taste like dog feces. Don't care if it's a chain, it doesn't feel like it at all. these are the best sandwiches in the nation. Anyone who has spent any time in Philly is already aware, just had to let it be known for people coming from out of town. Be prepared for a juicy meat filled savory sandwich of your choice with fresh ingredients on an excellent roll. It will leave you full and satisfied guarantee. The oil really sets it off.
I have dreams about the Primo hoagie I had a few months back. Haunting dreams. Lovely dreams. Oh man. Now I want one. So, waking dreams.
YOU WILL NOT GO WRONG WITH THE VEGGIE DIABLO.

breaded eggplant goodness, spicy peppers...mmm...greasy delicious goodness. one of the best sandwiches i've ever had!

this place is a get in and get out sort of spot...no chairs no tables. you just order, wait for it to be ready, and pay. no frills, just sandwiches.
A group of us from work order here at least once a week. You better call in early during the lunch period if you have a large order, or else it could be a while. To get your sandwiches sooner, send a lackey to pick them up instead of getting them delivered.

The Italian is the best. They have variations such as the Sharp Italians etc. But you gotta go with the classic. Loaded with meat, the "Primo" size will surely satisfy!
It almost gets 5 stars.  It's the best chain sub shop I've ever been to, period.  Seeded rolls, fresh, decent prosciutto, quality other lunch meat cuts, delish pepper shooters, and so many others.  TONS of options, fairly decent prices, deli quality food from a chain.

The Old World Italian is like my nonna came to Delaware, ran up to my cubical, and made me one of my all-time favorite sandwiches.  That's it, lunch time.  This location is as good as the other two (Springfield, Claymont) that I tried.
I really like Primo's food and have always enjoyed my experiences with them at other locations. My only experience with this location was absolutely awful. On 7/1, an employee at my place of work's husband passed away. My boss asked me to send her and her family a hoagie tray during their time of grieving. I immediately thought of Primo because, as I said, I really enjoy their food. I used Primo's website to find the location nearest to her house (this location, which is 2.18 miles from her front door) and was thrilled when I saw that they deliver. I called them and explained the situation, had them attach a note saying "sorry for your loss, our thoughts are with you and your family," gave them my phone number and the recipient's phone number, paid over the phone, and sent it off. It wasn't until the employee came back to work that I learned she never got her hoagie tray. No one from Primo had called her OR me. I called today to try to find out what happened and re-order the tray and was told "I think the number on file didn't work?" She wasn't even 100% sure what the issue was! Plus, there were two phone numbers, one of which is mine and I know was always in service and never off. The tray was not delivered - and unable to be reordered - because her house (which, again, is 2.18 miles away) is not in their delivery zone. Then why take the order in the first place?! Why wouldn't someone call me to tell me when they realized?! Especially when they were well aware that this tray was going to a grieving widow...this makes me wary to ever go back to any Primo location. I then called Lee's Hoagie House, and the man who answered the phone was so accommodating and understood how important this order was to me. He even told me he'd call me to verify that the delivery was made. I've never eaten at Lee's Hoagie House, but now I would definitely recommend them over Primo any day.
First and best hoagie I've ever had... ever...

Don't waste your time with anyone else. There's just no reason to.
Believe the hype!!!  Although I've lived close to various Primo locations, I hadn't tried them until yesterday.  Before I explain the reasoning behind this further, I've got to let people know about this life-altering sandwich....

I ordered the VEGGIE DIABLO.  This is the ULTIMATE vegetarian sandwich (in my opinion).  The sesame seed roll was fantastic!  Some of the other reviewers found the consistency to be hard.  Not only was the roll incredibly fresh, it burst with flavor and complimented the ingredients of the sandwich in every way possible.  I have never had such a well executed sandwich.  The sandwich was filled with Primo's blend of spices, sharp provolone, lightly crisped eggplant (not anywhere near over-fried), broccoli rabe, a splash of oil, and long hots.  

I'm trying not to curse.  Beware, this sandwich will set your mouth ablaze, but in an addictive way (I inhaled that beast). Those long hots do not ef around, and when combined with the spices became an inferno. Halfway through my meal, I reluctantly put the long hots aside.  I would recommend ordering the sandwich with long hots, and taking them out if deemed necessary (they bring the flavors together in a couple of ways). My food still tasted amazing!  Had there been leftovers, this formerly-hot sandwich would have been good cold, too.  I'm not going to mention any other Philly veggie sandwich, because they don't compare.  

Back to why It took me so long to eat here. 3 reasons: 

1.  I usually don't like sandwich places that seem over-hyped, because they simply don't live up to their expectations.

2.  They have annoying hours, but they can...So I'm not hatin'.  Bonus* the 21st street location is now open until 6, yayyy!

3.  I thought this was a hoagie spot.  I don't like hoagies (weird, I know).  But they have much more to offer! 

P.S.  I'm not a vegetarian...in case you were wondering about my sandwich choice.
Offering a traditional array of delicious meats and cheeses, Primo Hoagies makes the best subs around! Reminiscent of childhood, I ordered the Classic Italian with lettuce, tomato, and onion- as well as hot peppers!- with mayo, and it was delicious to the last bite.
I can not say enough about how wonderful Primo Hoagies are. If you have no idea what a primo's hoagie is, you are not living. All of the hoagies I have tried here are deilicious, but my absolute favorite is the Audiablo. It turkey breast and roast beef with spicy cheese and other spices on a sesame seed roll. Perfect balance of spices, loaded with tons of flavorful meat. Mmmm! And the sesame seed roll is da bomb! Whomever thought of this chain is AWESOME.

Having a party? Yup, this is the only place I am willing to go to get a hoagie tray. Yes, they are a lil more expensive than your average tray, but not by much and it's totally worth it.

As for the service, they are always extremely packed, but they are fast and friendly. The people here really know how to run a business.

Overall: If you are looking for a great hoagie, this is your place. Trust me, you won't be dissappointed.
Ahhhhhh! So bad that they are in 4 blocks of my office! I walked over there, that makes it ok for me to scarf down an entire primo size hoagie right? Right? C'mon validate my piggy-ness!
I'm just going to go cry alone at my desk mourning the now devoured Turkey Diablo.
This is not a sub.  This is not a sammich on an Italian roll.  
THIS IS A HOAGIE, BABY!!!!

You can't go wrong with an Old Italian, especially if you add some peppers.  And, on the oxymoron side, ALL of the Diablo's are heaven.

Get some sides if you are hungry or are buying for a group.  I recommend the pepper shooters.   

I like to get a couple of hoagies at lunch to take home on thne train with me for dinner.  Ya wanna be the center of attention on the R2?  Make all those other commuters drool?  How about a bag full of Old Italians that have been aging a few hours.  The aroma is intoxicating!

Primo's has franchised into the 'burbs, and those locations are very good, but this one has them beat.
mmm hoagies

i love primos. they're fresh, delicious, incredible...

but it's like torture since whenever i crave some, they're closed! they're not open after work and most disappointing of all, they're not open on sundays which during football season is the most hoagie-tastic day of the week! sigh...
OMG If they ever want to open a group of these in Portland OR, count me IN! 
Visiting from the W Coast we were introduced to the location near City Hall. The smell alone tells you it's going to be good.  Ordered a classic. The bread is what all Hoagie/Sub bread should be-like a beautiful baguette; fresh, crisp, flavorful.  Meats flavorful, the peppers and veggies delish, and the combination wonderful.  This is real food, at a reasonable price.  We went back the next day to get sandwiches for on the plane - and yes, folks around us were sniffing and looking!
Brownies were very good, too!  
No seating at this location, but the catering trays we saw go out the door looked good.
Usually I love Primos!  The hoagie I got today, however, was just alright. I'm subtracting stars for the service!  The delivery driver called and insinuated that it would be MY fault if she got a parking ticket since she couldn't find any parking. As I was alone in my office at the time, there was no way I could leave to go downstairs.  Even if I could have, I paid $3 for delivery.   She said she'd have to come back later.  I said that was fine and she hung up. When she did arrive about ten minutes later, she basically threw my food on my desk and left.  I won't be ordering delivery again, that's for sure, but I will go back to other locations for the food!
Really delicious sandwiches. Elements of success:
1) Good crusty bread
2) shredded lettuce and tomato
3) thinly sliced deli meat, plenty of it
4) special oregano based seasoning on the meat - I feel like this is one of the really distinctive parts
5) flavorful cheese
6) I like my sandwiches "dry" but you can get mayo and or dressing

Now I only wish that it was open more...I feel like whenever I walk by, especially on the weekends, it's closed. On that note - can someone who knows, post the hours of operations? It's not on their website...
The menu is huge and I was a bit stunned by what they offered. I've tried Primo Hoagies a few times and I would say they definitely fill you up at a great price. I could easily come here everyday to get a full meal if I really wanted to do that to myself. The Italian and the Roast Beef with Turkey. They were delicious and came quick. One time I even asked for the biggest sandwich that would fill me up and got an honest and funny answer. That meal did not disappoint either. Check out the menu! There is a $10 minimum for debit/credit cards, but sometimes they enforce it and sometimes they don't. 

TL;DR: Awesome price, tasty food, will definitely fill you up, quick service, closes at 6 pm.
Found out about Primo while doing my quick search for good places to go for lunch. Quick service, cheap, and good hoagies -- what more is there to know? 

I got the italian hoagie and you can pinpoint San flavor in the hoagie. The portion size is huge for the regular size so you don't have to worry about satisfying your stomach. When I was in there if seemed like half of them were regulars and that's a good sign to me.
I was only going to give it 4 stars, but I keep going back and keep being very satisfied by Primo. My favorite is the Soprano, with sharp provolone, pepper turkey and sweet peppers. Really, really, really good! They have great bread, too!

I also love Primo's because they seem to just get it. If you make tasty food, there are two other things that can still make or break your restaurant. Service and price.  They are very fast, have good service, and don't overcharge for their sandwiches. The regular size of the Soprano I usually get (including the quarter or so for pickles) comes to $7.55, a great price for a big sandwich.
The best hoagies in Center city. 


period.
AMAZING! I love sandwiches, and I have been meaning to go ever since I saw my friend eat one for lunch. I got the chicken cutlet diablo. Hello spicy fried goodness! My bf got the beef diablo and it was fresh and amazing as well (i haven't had roast beef that good in a long time...sry jimmy johns, subways, etc). The $1 insanely huge pickle I bought on the side was great too.  Yes, the key word is: great. My other half of my sandwich is sitting in my fridge (the primo size you get a massive hoagie for a great price) ...it is fearfully awaiting to be eaten STAT once I am hungry again.

The place was packed when I went, but I got my sandwich super fast (about 3-5 minutes). I highly recommend. No place to sit, but we strolled to Rittenhouse to eat on the benches :)
These hoagies were delicious!!!!! Huge hoagies packed with flavor. Not the cheapest hoagie but well worth the price. The employees are extremely friendly and treat you like family. Just be prepared to order your food when you get to the counter because they want to move quick.
I'd give a ZERO if I could.  Told me 45 minutes for delivery and after waiting an hour and a half, I called to cancel since I had to leave...useless worker on the other end of the phone simply hung up on me.  Great customer service Primo.  Never again!!!
DO NOT go to any location besides Ritner St.

Italian hoagies at their best. with names like Pal Joey (Sweet Sopressata & Fresh Mozzarella Cheese), Soprano (Pepper Turkey & Sharp Provolone Topped with Sweet Roasted Peppers) and Bada Bing(Chicken Cutlet & Sharp Provolone with Broccoli Rabe) you know you are in good hands.

Get a few sides like Stuffed Pepper Shooters and you'll be set.
I am so sad that I'm not living in Philadelphia any more and don't get to have a Primo hoagie more often.

Next time I'm in town, I'm heading straight there.  They're that good.
good in 'nd out spot for a hoagie, i usually never know what to get unlike most other people that comes in, so take a minute to order and they are pretty nice about it. not much room to stand when is busy and lots of people waiting around.
Good, but potentially not worth all the hype.
3.5/5. As a chain, I must say their hoagies are pretty decent quality. They're made with sesame buns and each comes with the usual (lettuce n tomatoes). Make sure to get oil n mayo on them sandwiches! 

In order from personal best:
1) Turkey Diablo
2) Italian
3) Nelli

The Nelli was a little dry. The Diablo has a nice bite to it because of the added red pepper flakes. Yum!

Haven't tried too many hoagies to give an accurate comparison but I'll say that it's a quality sub, I just wish that the condiments were more evenly contained in the core of the sandwich rather than having the mass of meat sitting on the bottom 2/3 and the veggies on the upper 1/3 of the sandwich.
Growing up, my nonno taught me that when you made an "Italian" sandwich, it had to be done a certain way. I've been all over Philly for hoagies, but Primo's is the only one that matches what my nonno told me. Every sandwich and add on you can get here is fantastic, best of the best. What's more is that they understand prosciutto is important in a hoagie and incorporate it into many of their options. Primo's is a true Philly legend and definitely a place everyone should try if they're in town.
Thanks you, Primos, for satisfying my craving for a simple yet solid chicken cutlet/fress mozz sandwich. The italian sesame bread was divine, the cutlet was perfectly breaded, and it made my afternoon.
Grabbed an Italian with my 6 year old daughter and explained how it was a legacy hoagie that I was passing down to her and someday her 2 year old brother! This place makes the best Italian in the world! Never disappointed and I marvel at the consistency of the food and service.
Primo is the name of an amazing SF dj.  These sandwiches do not live up to his musical awesomeness.  Granted, I only got the Nonna's Veggie.  The first time I thought hmmm, maybe this would work if it were heated up and had sauce.  Then I got it warmed up with sauce.  1.  It only took 20 minutes!  To get a sandwich.  Are you kidding me?  2.  It wasn't any better.  3.  It cost $8.  $8.  For a vegetarian sandwich.  I am so sticking to the lunch trucks from now on.  This place is suckville, USA.
Always good. Reliable. Tasty.  I think Primo is the best hoagie shop around Philadelphia. The bread is great. I always have a hard time deciding which sandwich to get.
I like the Turkey Breast Sandwich, Pescara, Nonna Veggie, Cheese,and Old fashioned Meatball.
Service is fast, considering it is a busy location.
This location is take out only.
Seriously some of the best hoagies in town. Takes credit card. No seating inside this location, so grab it and eat in the park or at home. The turkey diablo is straight up one of the most delicious cold sandwiches I have ever eaten. The turkey is so moist and succulent, and the bread is amazing. All the diablos have a nice pepper sauce, adding a nice kick.
Fresh and delicious veggies.
Extremely flavorable meat and cheeses.
Sarcones roll.

NOM NOM NOM!!!!!
I placed an order over the phone. The girl I spoke to was very sweet, and she gave me my total over the phone saying it'd be ready in 10-15 minutes. I arrived to Primo's 20 minutes after my order was placed. When I arrived, even though my order was ready, an employee stated he could not accept any payment at the time because he was not able to get into the cash register without the manager/owner, so we were pretty much just waiting on the owner to come back up from the basement. The employee was nice enough to offer me a free drink out of the cooler while I waited so I grabbed a water. 15 minutes later, the man in charge came upstairs and rang up my food. Of course, the man charges me for the water. When I told the man I was given a complimentary drink for the wait, he proceeds to say very rudly "Why? The employee has no authority to do that. Have a good day." He refused to refund me for the bottled water and just brushed me off. It's not the fact that I had to pay for the water, but it was the way he handled the situation. I hope the $2 was worth losing a potentially loyal customer who just moved in down the street.
This place is amazing!! I'm a vegan, so my eating is a bit limited. While visiting the Philly area, a friend suggested this little gem & oh my goodness!!! They made one of the best veggie sandwiches ever. The bread definitely sold me, all crusty on the outside & soft in the middle. Then they used a medley of vegetables, not just the basic lettuce, tomato, onion...

Definitely going back before I head back to LA
I got a chicken collette which is chicken cutlet, ham, and swiss. i got extra mayo, lettuce and tomato also. the sandwich plus a two liter soda cost $10.74.

This is a huge sandwich. There's so much delicious meat. If you want the most bang for your buck, this is your place. 

Their primo (regular?) is about 9 inches in length and about 3 inches in diameter, and pretty densely packed with meat and cheese. Yes, I did just measure my sandwich but its to give you an idea of how big this hoagie is.

Yea so bottom line is you get a lot of food for a reasonable price. That's good enough for me.
Not all primos are created equal.  This place got my orders wrong EVERY SINGLE TIME. Is it hard to make a sandwich? The primos on 11th street never has this problem.  I just stopped going to the one on 21st street because I gave up.
Love Primos! So happy they have a center city location. So many options to choose from but you really can't go wrong. The bread is so amazing and the rolls are so large that I always have leftovers. Great choice for lunch.
Our office ordered take out today and the food was delivered an hour before our requested delivery time.  We had ordered a few hot hoagies and needless to say they were cold by the time we could get into our conference room to eat them.  My food was sub par and we don't plan on returning to order again.  The chicken was gross and the mozzarella was clearly old and probably should not have been served.
I wasn't as wowed by Primo's as everyone else. Sarcone's sore-mouth-roof-rolls strike again! I don't see the fascination. This is my 3rd time having a Sarcone roll at a different place and it's consistently hard (too crusty in politically correct terms). I got a basic turkey hoagie and it cost about $7-8ish, but it certainly didn't taste like a $7-8 hoagie. I don't doubt that some of Primo's other sandwiches are better, but this one I had was run of the mill. Also, I thought there would be seating. So much for that. Oh well.

On the plus side, the ladies behind the counter were very pleasant and quite easy on the eyes. QUITE!
Took some friends to Primo's by way of thanks after they helped me move. I ordered the Audiablo, and was pleasantly surprised. While the turkey and roast beef were good and the lettuce, tomato, and onion were liberally applied, the spices set the sandwich apart. Not so spicy it overpowered the other flavors, but enough kick to prevent me from adding a splash of sriracha. I can't imagine going to Primo's and getting something that left out that wonderful blend of spices.

The bread makes the sandwich, though, for good or for bad. If you like your rolls hearty with a bit of crunch, you'll be okay here. Just be careful about which size you go for. Even after lifting heavy boxes all morning, the Primo sized hoagie was more than sandwich enough for me. The whole hoagie is a monstrosity. I've done my share of eating challenges in the past, but if you've conquered the whole hoagie you have my respect.
BEST HOAGIES IN THE CITY!
It is 2 am and just thinking about these hoagies is making my mouth water, I would go get one right now if I could.  I usually get the roast beef special (with provolone, Cole slaw and Russian dressing).  Primo's has the perfect mix of great meats and cheeses, amazing seeded bread and the right price. The hoagies are packed with meat and a  foot long is usually enough for two meals.They have several locations which makes it easy to find one near you.  Go find a Primo's and get one for lunch this week.
They make awesome hoagies! Really good! Friendly staff. 

Avoid Monday's going there. Bread is usually stale and meat not as fresh. 

Definitely go later in the week. That is my only suggestion.
Sal and his team make an awesome hoagie!!!  The roll was fresh, the meat over an inch thick and fresh too, and the toppings were just enough to make the sandwich a winner.  They are open until 6pm now.
I mean, yea, this is one of the few hoagie joints that lives up to the hype. I don't know where Caitlin C. has had anything but an excellent Primo experience (she says not to go anywhere but Ritner), but I've always had a swell time in the Welsh Road location.
Phenomenal place to get a great sandwich.

Must Haves:
-Italian Diablo w/ Oil

Pros:
-Great friendly service
-Great selection of meats
-Sesame bread

Cons:
-Cash only if the total is under $10

Quick Tips:
-Just come here for dessert

I have never been disappointed by this place.  I like that they give big sandwiches with high quality meats, cheeses and BREAD.  The bread is seriously phenomenal.  Also, getting your sandwich with oil as opposed to mayo is great.

Great food at an affordable price delivered quickly.
Sooooo, after being harassed by the Primo loving public about my mediocre opinion I decided I would go back and try it again.So last Saturday I waited amongst the hoards and ordered a sharp Italian. It was ok. The sharp provolone was def good but I think that I will always be tainted because I of the way I was treated for speaking out against Primos that I could never bring myself to give them more than two stars. It's the food equivalent of how I feel about the Pittsburgh Steelers after going to school out there and getting abused by Steelers fans.
Dumpier than the other Primo's I've visited and my bread seemed to be a day old,
The best sandwiches in Philadelphia, and beyond. When you're in town and you need a good sammy, don't go to wawa, hit up a Primos and enjoy the ultimate hoagie experience at the same low Wawa prices
Honestly, Primo's is just alright for me. I love the turkey diablo, but not much else. I've been disappointed in their Italians, but like I said, loved the turkey diablo. The meatball is just alright, and the chicken parms are pretty good.

The dirt pudding there is fantastic though, although it's also easy to recreate at home.
HUGE ass hoagie!!!!  It must have weighed 3 lbs. I ordered the smoked turkey with provolone.  I'd prefer it on something other than a sesame seed roll, but I would definitely eat it again, regardless. Overall, it was a very tasty sandwich, the meats and special seasoning they add was good.   It was about $7.50 for the sandwich and $1.00 for a drink.  My list of GOOD, cheap eats in the city has just gained a new member.
You can't go wrong with a Primo hoagie. They have a large selection of hoagies that use delicious fresh meats and fresh seeded rolls. They also have a selection of "diablos" hoagies that give you a little heat due to the hot pepper cheese. The seeded roll is unconventional, but you can get an unseeded roll as well. I always get good fast service at this location.
The address is wrong, they are on 11th Street between Walnut and Sansom. The food is great, especially the Bada Bing (Cutlet Italian) - Primo sized. Best rice pudding I ever had. Soup is pretty good too.
This is a great place. I give it four stars because I'm a tough reviewer and they're hours are limited. It seems like whenever I've finally made up my mind that it's time for a Primo, they've just shut down the shop.
Their selection is vast, ingredients are quality and you're best off if you call ahead.
This as well as the one located on 12th st hands down are the BEST hoagie shops in Philly. Not only are the ingredients always fresh and delicious, but the bread is also amazing! I can totally sympathize with the person who said they are going to cry over their desk, mourning the turkey Diablo that they devoured! Unlike some Hoagie places, as well as even some suburban primo locations, this place does not skimp on the meat. ( Neither does the one in s 12st !) . Hoagies are loaded to the point where you have to devise a plan on how to eat it lol! Prices are good to (under $10 for a hoagie) check em out!
I Love their hoagies, more expensive then wawa, but worth the price. The bread is so good and fresh tasting. They are really fast and efficient with clearing the place out when it's crowded. So if you ever stop by and see a lot of people, don't worry, you won't be waiting long. I've never had any problems with them and I faithfully return back for my turkey breast hoagie. To pay with your card, you must spend $10 or more
I went to this location yesterday for the Hoagie Day promotion.  It was 2:30PM and the stores posted hours were to 6PM.  I was turned away by the manager who stated they were out of rolls.  I asked how they could be out of rolls on a day when a promotion is advertised.  I also asked about a rain check.  His response was too bad, we are out of rolls.  I stated this was a rip off and that I would not be back.  His response was don't come back, we don't need you.  Asshole!
It is obvious that this owner is too cheap to participate in an advertised promotion.  He believes that he has so many customers that he dosen't care if he loses a few.  He shows long time customers of Primos complete disrespect.
So if I wanted a hoagie in Philadelphia where there are so many good delis that appreciate their customers and show them respect........... I would not go to Primos where the call you an Asshole and treat you like shit!
A lifesaver! 

I had a last minute meeting to cater for 20 people  and I showed up just before the doors opened at 9am. On a Monday. I explained what I needed the the guys really took care of me. No fuss no problem. Oh yes, and I needed a vegan sandwich as well. No problem. 

Everyone from the manager to the delivery driver was so sweet and helpful and took care of my order right away. The quality of the sandwiches is top notch. The bread, the meat, the presentation. Just perfect. 

I really appreciated the helpful staff and the no hassle attitude. They even carried everything out to my car for me. When I was leaving I apologized for the rush order and the manager was so nice saying "if someone came in and needed 100 sandwiches right now, we'd knock it out. No problem. That's what we do!"  

Well done with a smile I might add. Thanks guys! I'm a loyal customer for life. Primos is primo
Probably one of best hoagie/heroes I've ever had. They have tons of different ones you can order. Their italian is awesome. Their tuna, believe it or not, is so damn good. It's not your ordinary tuna sandwich. The bread is to die for.
I'm sad it took me so long to grab a Primo hoagie, although I'm now sadder every lunch that I'm not here and I know what I'm missing. I stopped in before noon and missed the lunch crowd. I got a regular size turkey diablo and it was HUGE, especially for the price. I paid around $7 (no credit card for less than $10 bills). It was perfectly spicy and the ingredients were fresh and the menu is enormous. My friend told me to be sure to get the fresh mozzarella next time - I'm excited to come back!
We try and get a Primo Hoagie once a month from this store. It's a treat every time!!

Things I love:
- The fillings. Every sandwich is always PACKED and always well made. Well made means every bite is even and wonderful. The actual meats and cheeses, sauces and dressings, are fresh and taste GREAT. No bad meats, no sour tastes.

- The breads. Always fresh. Always crunchy on the outside, soft on the inside.

- The variety. I almost always get the Schwartzie now, but if I ever wanted to try something new, there's a ridiculous amount of choices.

- The sides from the fridge. Several times I've bought the mozzarella cheese balls for a party/guests. Better than DiBruno brothers and cheaper. In great olive oil with a little bit of spice. Always loved.
My sister lives in Japan. If I want to annoy her I tease her by saying ,"Oh Uncle Mike from Primo's sez hi"

They treat me like family in here. The one guy is really an Uncle Mike, and my favorite uncle in my family is Uncle Mike. I heard the cashier say ,:"Hey Uncle Mike!". So, I was like ,"Are you an Uncle Mike? I love my Uncle Mike! Do you like bourbon too?" She starts giggling ,"Yes! He is a drinker!" So, now he lets me call him Uncle Mike too and he was tickled when I brought my sister in here this summer. 

I always have a conundrum in here.....turkey or italian. I live a few blocks away and the entire walk over I'm constantly juggling the idea. Turkey generally wins. It is this soft wonderful slightly smoky turkey from boars head. I know this sounds decadent, but I get oil and mayo on it. Light on the mayo, but it makes this amazing dressing for the hoagie. Combined with the sesame roll.....it's a miracle. You have the slight crunch of the roll and crisp of the lettuce, slight dressing and the gorgeous turkey... Not to mention you can get three meals out of this or easily feed two hungry people. 
When my sister was in town our friend was down from Maine and we had the Italian and Turkey and literally at them for days. My sister had it for breakfast. 

I had never bothered with the prepared foods until my sister visited. She now has me hooked on the marinated mozzarella. So, good.

So, go in pick your hoagie tell them what you WANT on it as opposed to want you DONT want on it. and try the mozzarella. Tell Uncle Mike I said hi. 

p.s. they are closed on sundays with exception of super bowl sunday
I came here looking for a nice corned beef, pastrami, or philly cheese steak sandwich... No dice.  They only make COLD cut sandwiches (why is beyond me, as even a tiny cart somehow manages to make hot sandwiches).  The only "hot" sandwich option was the Chicken parm sandwich, which I ordered.  It was dry and unappetizing... Terrible really.  Just thin, overcooked chicken meat, and a so-so sauce.

I would give it one star, but the service was very friendly.  Oh, and this is "take-out-only".
Enjoyed the hoagie very much. The strong smell of oregano and cold cuts is evident from the sidewalk. Friendly staff was working double time and barely keeping up w demand. The Sarcone's roll w sesame seeds was a great foundation for this sandwich.  The kitchen seems bigger than necessary. Would be nice to be able to sit and eat at a table. Take only.
Authentic Italian sandwiches. For the price the portion sizes and quality ingredients = excellent! The service is always fast and staffed with friendly employees :) + huge kosher pickles $1
So much pressure, so I ordered like 4 sandwiches.  Appreciate the fact that the meat was thinly sliced.  Thick salty meat tends to give me a headache.  The sandwich bread wasn't soaked which is good for keeping one in the fridge.  I went during rush hour (lunch time) and I didn't have to wait long.  The only thing I wish is that they had lunchtime combos.
