This was a really cute chill spot for dessert and bubble tea. I took a few of my out of town friends here on a "walking tour" in the city. I really liked how each seating area is a bit sectioned off so you can have some privacy. 

Once we arrived we were immediately seated and we ordered through their website on our phones. That was pretty convenient since we could browse, select our choices and pay separately. More restaurants need to do this!!

They had a lot of optioned to choose from. I ended up selecting the molten lava cake with vanilla ice cream. It was pretty good but if I come back, I'd definitely choose a crepe cake my my friends did!
Ordered a molten chocolate lava cake via Grubhub and it was absolutely delicious! Will be trying other things from here soon
Tea please? YES! I am so thrilled that this boujee place opened up. We came here on a Saturday night after dinner looking for some good desserts. Although the place was busy, we got seated right away for a party of four. We ordered a few drinks such as brewed tea, jasmine green tea foam milk tea, rose potted tea. As for dessert, we got the combination in which you get to pick three from a limited list. Although the portions were small for the combination, it was so worth trying some of these goodies such as the creme brulee, the icecream sandwich, etc. The one thing is that I was disappointed in my drink as it tasted more like milk than tea. Probably will be returning to try the other desserts!
Wow, this place in fancy. All kidding aside, Prince Tea House is really beautiful inside. It is a super nice and relaxing spot for an after China Town dessert and coffee.

At least for me, China Town is dynamic and evolving. There are more and more of these younger and hipper establishments opening up. Prince Tea House should do well. 

We ordered the Coconut Panna Cotta, a Matcha Latte and a hot Chocolate. Everything was very good and also plated beautifully. Our server was attentive, helpful and friendly. Prince Tea House also serves some appetizers and sandwiches. We will definitely be back to further explore the menu.

4.5 solid Yelp stars and a solid addition to China Town!
Absolutely love this place! This is a great hangout spots with a medium size crowd. (8 or less)

They have amazing selections of tea, drinks, appetizers, and desserts. We got the purple yam Mille crepe cake, the mixed fruit Mille crepe cake, lava cake with ice cream, and the coconut pan a cotta. We also got a pot of tea but I forgot which fruit tea it was.

The contactless ordering process is so efficient here - you scan a QR code and it starts an online group ordering where every one can add items to the checkout basket for the group with their individual phone. You can easily put in order throughout without having to flag down the staff. 

All the desserts were so aesthetically pleasing. I enjoyed all the items we ordered - except the purple yam Mille crepe cake which was a bit bland in my opinion and I didn't taste a strong purple yam flavor.

We didn't get any of the savory appetizers but will definitely be back many times in the future.
I hit the jackpot when I stumbled across this tea house.  For the last few years I've been looking for a teahouse that gives you a high tea experience without all the unnecessary pomp and pageantry. You can make it that way à la cart or you can have a simple enjoyable tea experience. Today I went with the latter. Earlier I had lunch elsewhere but really wanted to wind down with tea and dessert in a different atmosphere. So...... I went to Yelp to search for a 'tea house' there were several however the photos of the interior was the deal maker. Thanks YELPERS!

Of course parking is at a premium but I lucked out. Inside it's a beautiful as I expected. Lovely high backed wall booth seating covered in purple velvet/velour with modern day Louis XVI dining chairs. All very comfortable, clean and in good condition. Throughout practically each seating area has its own chandelier lighting. Because of Covid the booth seating was separated by partitions, the top is made of slate chalkboard with messages written and the bottom wood. Very creative.

On to the experience. I was given a polite greeting, temperature check and seated. The experience of the tea and food was very pleasant. I loved the Lemongrass, Ginger, Carrot tea very refreshing no honey or sugar needed. As for dessert I went with the  Trio Combo; Green Tea Financier was surprisingly very good they were warm and moist, the goma creme brûlée is different not weird but not special and the red bean ice cream had slight freeze burn, but during COVID it's a small matter.

The overall experience was good, I was quite pleased. However the staff could be a little more attentive I googled a lot of unfamiliar items. They lingered at the front counter. Last but serious issue, my tea cup was chipped this is unsightly and somewhat dangerous. Nevertheless I will return and soon!
A cute spot for breakfast, lunch, dessert or event just tea. It's located in Philadelphia's Chinatown. This shop is very bright and welcoming, as are the employees/servers.

The menu isn't huge, but it's decent and includes a large variety of teas and other hot and cold beverages, breakfast items, lunch and small snacks.

I ordered waffles topped with fruit and a pot of tea. My friend got green tea cake and a pot of tea. The waitresses are very attentive and checked on our tea temperature several times, swapping out the tea light when needed. My tea was good and so was the one my friend got. Our food items were tasty too. I was happy to see how fresh the fruit used on my waffles was.

Prices were decent too, especially for the city. I would definitely go back again!
Super cute interior and friendly staff. Loved the mint green tea and all of our desserts. However, our tea cups were very dusty..

Prices are okay. Cute date, hang out spot or even brunch with some friends/family.
If you are looking for a dessert place that make you feel like in a Downton Abbey scene, I recommend this place to enjoy an afternoon tea.

The teapot was warmed, with a beautiful tea set. I got oolong tea, very nice flavor.

My friend enjoyed the crepe cake
COVID-19: There's a fancy gadget that takes your temperature once you enter the store. Spaces are divided by room dividers. Contactless serving (QR code). Pretty bathroom. Yes, pretty bathroom. Unfortunately, many of the items that were available before COVID-19 are gone but there are still good options there!

Tucked into a sketchy part of Chinatown, but I assure you that's it one hell of a cute, elegant date spot for both friends and couples alike.

You cannot go wrong with their desserts. Very sweet, just how I like them.

The tea costs like $8 for a reason. It's refillable. I can't wait to try all the tea. Unlike other tea spots in Chinatown, they serve actual tea in a pot. The sugar levels can be controlled.

I've only been there for teas and desserts, but the food looks really good too.
We decided to stop by here after dinner in Chinatown since we were intrigued by the beautiful babybreath flowers outside the teahouse. 

Inside, the decor is beautiful with crystal chandeliers and cozy booths. You feel like you're transported to a Parisian cafe. 

We ordered an ice foam peach green tea and rose green tea. Both were $4.50 each and were delicious. The peach green tea was a bit too sweet for me. But the rose tea was unique but it's definitely a floral taste. 

Tip #1: grand opening special is if you write a Yelp review before you pay, you get a free dessert. One per table.

Tip #2: You can use credit credit BUT minimum purchase is $10.

I took one star off because the desserts fell a little flat despite the beautiful presentation. The cranberry creme brulee is too tarte...I wish it was just a regular creme brulee. The eclairs and fruit tart were ok; nothing memorable.

Overall this is a solid place especially for date night. But I would just stick to their drinks instead of their desserts.
This is a great place after a nice meal in Chinatown Philadelphia! The place looks very nice with crystal chandeliers and a very nice and relaxing atmosphere. They have lots of different teas, coffees and snacks. They were very attentive and offer high class cups and saucers! The coffee and teas were very tasty and the service was excellent! Their desserts are very flavorful. I ordered the custard which was excellent!  You can get their drinks with sweetness or plain. Once you arrive they take your temperature because of covid. They seat you down and you are given a QR code to order from their menu on your phones. Everyone can order on their phones and the table gets one bill. Lots of fun and highly recommend this place. They also have other locations in NYC. They have been opened as of October 18, 2020 for about a year. Will definitely go back again.
Went to the flushing location and I can say this is very similar! I got the caramel Mille crepes and it was perfect. Normally, caramel dishes are too sweet but this cake was just the perfect sweetness. Super moist, and the crumbled almonds added an exquisite texture that brought the entire dish together. 

The tea itself is also solid! Splitting a pot ends up being about a dollar per cup for some fancy tea. The fruit flavor is very subtle and doesn't overtake the natural aroma of the black tea like many western teas do, so props for that. I go weak for lavender, so I enjoyed this tea a lot. 

I originally wanted the mango cake but they said they don't have mango in December which was disappointing, so keep that in mind- some are more seasonal than others. 

Best part is that this location is significantly cheaper than the flushing location, now I don't have to go to ny to get my dessert fix. Still a bit pricey, but it's a fancy place that would make a great date spot.
This is such a cute little spot my sister told me about. When you look through the window, it doesn't look big but once you get in, there's way more tables than I expected. The interior is very well decorated and the furniture is so cute. 

I don't drink tea so my friend and I stuck with the desserts. We got the caramel mille crepes cake and the molten lava cake - both were AMAZING! Will definitely be back!
One of my favorite places to go with my friends! It is super cute and the desserts are so good! I got the cheesecake and my friend got the strawberry parfait. Would recommend both! We ended up getting hot matcha milk tea to go along with our food.
Food: I ordered a Pâte à Choux with Vanilla, Green Bean, and Strawberry Ice Cream. This was my first time eating this type of dessert, and it definitely did not disappoint. The ice cream meshed perfectly with the dough to create a wonderful taste. If you're not familiar with this, it was basically a cream puff with ice cream in the middle instead.

Service/Environment: The place was clean and modern looking on the inside, with seating for all types of parties. The service was attentive and quick to seat us and get our order out. 

Price: My order came out to around $9, which was definitely on the more expensive side. Some of the tea drinks were also around $8, which I felt was a little steep. 

Overall: Even though some of the items were a little bit on the pricier side, I still enjoyed my experience here. The desserts were really tasty and the shop had a nice aesthetic. I would definitely come back here again if I'm craving something sweet after dinner
Prince Tea House is an adorable little addition to Chinatown that I actually just randomly stumbled upon! It's relatively new I believe, and they serve adorable desserts, and lots of different tea and smoothie options.  They also have food, but I have to admit I kind of skipped over all of it because I was on a mission that night to just have dessert! The food looked pretty good though, and they seem to have a lot of options.

When I was there, I got the purple yam soufflé, caramel mille crepe, and a mango milk foam smoothie.  They unfortunately were out of milk foam though when I ordered it though, which is too bad because that could have been a really nice element to the smoothie. Overall it was really great, fresh tasting and not too sweet with still a bit of milky flavor despite not having milk foam topping.  The purple yam soufflé was so interesting - it came out nice and hot but not as fluffy as a soufflé could get, but overall still great in flavor and texture. The ice cream they served it with was super delicious and creamy.

I think the biggest disappointment was the caramel mille crepe - the cream in between had a really oily mouth-feel and definitely left a coating in your mouth because of it.  I've had better mille crepes elsewhere, and I hope that they perhaps improve their recipe later.

Overall though I liked my time here, I was impressed by their menu selection and the ambiance can't be beat. It's just absolutely adorable inside. I would take friends here again and just in general try more on their menu and get tea here next time too! It's a solid bet for dessert, but just skip the mille crepes.
Nicely decorated and the cakes are delicious 
The Taiwanese fried chicken was also our favorite 
Big tea menu made us want to try every selection 
Would definitely go back !
I usually go to the one in NYC when I visit, and I loved it there. I was very excited to try this place when I found out they opened in Philly! This place is located directly across from Terakawa.

The aesthetics of this tea house is really nice and gives a comfy feel. This is a great place for pictures of your food and drinks ;)

I got the durian mille crepe cake ($9.25), and my s/o got the molten lava cake ($8.25). We got the prince passion fruit tea for $8 which comes in a pot. The tea was not bad, but I think we prefer the milk tea instead. It left a soury after taste in my mouth, so I wasn't a fan of it. The durian Mille crepe cake was pretty good. I didn't smell the durian much when I sniffed it, but I could definitely taste it. I enjoyed it, while my partner didn't since he doesn't like durian  he enjoyed his molten lava cake though ! 

I would definitely recommend checking this place out. I am definitely coming back here again to try their other drinks and desserts.
What exquisite dessert options! While on the more pricey side, their desserts are beautifully designed with an equally extravagant menu and interior set up. Between the fruit toast and the dessert trio that I had shared with my friends, they compose neat desserts that spell out the definition of decorative. Tucked away in a corner of Chinatown, I would come back around for the occasional splurge on my dessert cravings!
Early gray milk tea was a great choice. We ordered it with 80% sugar which was still a bit sweet. Might have to do 
50% sugar next time. 
The durian Mille crepe pancake was very smooth and creamy. Strong durian flavor--tasted exactly like the fruit. 
We also ordered the Trio Combo.  The black sesame creme brûlée was the best dessert out of the trio. It was creamy with a perfect flavor of black sesame. The fruit tart filling was grainy and lacked flavor. The green tea fiancier wasn't anything memorable.  I would go back for the milk tea again.
A new dessert spot in Chinatown. The decorations are gorgeous and it's a great place to bring family and friends. The tea is absolutely amazing with the desserts we had. We got the off menu Purple Yam Crêpe, the Mille Feuille, and Molten Lava Cake. The tea we had was the Rose of Prince. However, the Mille Feuille isn't our favorite. It's fluffy and flaky but the cream filling isn't as tasty as we excepted. 
Overall the service is excellent. Come here for a date or even with friends to have wonderful relax time over tea and dessert.  Definitely worth your time here. Since they just opened up they may have some special promotion going on.  

Food: 4.5:5
Price worth: 5/5
Service: 5/5
Environment/vibe: 5/5
Ventured out to Chinatown for some tea and dessert. As soon as you step inside, it feels like you stepped inside an elegant tea house. There are round booths that can seat about 6 people. There are regular tables that can seat various party sizes. 

They offer a wide variety of teas - herbal teas, oolong teas, milk teas, black teas, slushes, snacks, and various desserts. All the desserts looked good! Opted for the green tea millecrepe with a side of red bean ice cream. It was the type of dessert I was looking for that night. I caught glimpses of other tables' desserts and it makes me want to return to try them all.

The service was great. They were super attentive. The restaurant is clean and even the bathroom was impressive !! (Gotta love when the bathroom is large and clean). Will definitely return to Prince Tea House and will bring more friends again. :)
I'm a HUGE fan of asian desserts and I can't believe I just found out about this place recently. This has a "high-noon" Victorian vibe, and is a great place for a post-large-Chinatown-meal-nightcap. We got the boba crepe, which was delicious. It was deconstructed with foamed milk and boba on the side that you can slather your crepe with. It was fluffy, and not too sweet. The matcha brulee was also amazing, it had a hint of matcha without the overt sweetness. They take extensive measures to keep the place clean, and their ordering process is straightforward. I will absolutely be back here whenever I am in the area
Looking for somewhere in Chinatown for some great tea and desserts? Go to Prince Tea House!! There's a decent amount of seating.

The menu is quite extensive so I had a hard time deciding but our server was very informative and gave us recommendations for tea. I got oolong tea and my friend got one of the white teas. They came out very quickly and with candles to keep them hot.

We also got green tea brulee and tofu cheesecake. I thought the green tea brulee was a little too sweet but the tofu cheesecake was really good (not too sweet).

I would definitely come back again to try another tea and dessert.
New spot in Philly. Wouldn't really go here for the smoothies (had it twice already and was not fond of them both times), however their fried squid tails are bomb! My kids and I enjoyed it so much that I had to order a second order. As for desserts - ehh. They have a ton, but I haven't really been WOWed by the experience just yet. I've already tried the matcha creme brulee (very strong matcha, yet a tad on the dry side), fruit mille crepe (had a lot more cake than crepe though), and chocolate souffle (too rich for me). 

Space - nice decent size and really cool decor. They have these cool wrap around booths along with tables that will accommodate very large parties.

I will be back though to give other items a try.
We came here yesterday afternoon, and all i can say is wow! The atmosphere, the decor, the food, everything was awesome. For drinks I had the iced peach green tea so good and refreshing.. we also had hot tea, but i forget the name of it. For our appetizers we had the salted crispy chicken, santa fe chicken rolls, and the fried shrimp lollipops. Each appetizer was incredible, the salted chicken was my favorite and so addicting. For our sandwiches i had the California sandwich which was  crabmeat stick, avocado, cucumber, and spicy mayo on bread, so good. My boyfriend had the Katsu chicken sandwich which was Katsu chicken,lettuce,tomato,and katsu sauce he also added avocado to it and he really enjoyed it. And for dessert we had the tiramisu cup and purple yam mille crepe cake. Everything was so enjoyable we cant wait to go back and try more things on their menu! Highly recommend The Prince Tea House
I went in with a lot of excitement to eat at prince tea house, around 7pm On Monday night. The tables kept filling up and it was a brisk night for the wait staff. We ordered the milk rose potted plant, mango mille crepe cake, southwest avocado rolls and the octopus takoyaki. 

The milk tea was good, definitely worth the hype. Takoyaki was ok, the amount of sauce on the top was quite less to offset the otherwise bland takoyaki. 

The mango cake was good, not too sweet and tasted of real mangoes. 

The southwest chicken rolls were very average, definitely nothing to compare to their namesake from BJs.

Definitely on the pricey end for some of the dishes based on quality/quantity. Ambience is very cute, and restrooms were clean
I was originally going to give this place 2 or 3 stars but the kindness of the waitress and one less than ideal experience compared to other decent experiences changed my mind. They seem short staffed - 1 waitress for the whole dining area and it was consistently busy the entire 2 hours that I was there. 

Service - We had a few hiccups. The table was sticky so we wiped it ourselves with hand sanitizer and a napkin. The napkin was so dirty afterwards. I advise you wipe or check the cleanliness your table before ordering and eating. There is a QR code on the table where you scan and place your order. The service was slow and the food took a while to come out. They said it's because their kitchen is backed up. We also had to ask for water 3x before we got it. When the bill came, the waitress wrote "I'm sorry for the inconvenience" so sweet!!

Food - We ordered 3 pots of tea (Jasmine Green Milk Tea, Jardin Tropical, Darjeeling Margaret), twister fries, Trio Combo, Strawberry Shortcake, Takoyaki, Crabmeat Pizza and Turkey Sandwich. We were pleased with our teas. The fries and takoyaki were good. The Crabmeat pizza and strawberry shortcake were decent. The Turkey sandwich was disappointing. On the menu, it said the sandwich had bacon and cheese but it didn't. When we told the waitress, she said the sandwich never came with bacon and cheese. If that is the case, they should remove those ingredients off the menu. It's an online menu, so I'm sure they can easily make that change. The waitress was nice enough to remove it off the bill and allowed us to switch it for another another item. We requested a Katsu Chicken Sandwich. The chicken was good. This sandwich made up for the other one. I can't believe they are the same price. The Turkey sandwich is not worth $8.50. 

Items I would order again - The teas, fries, takoyaki, crabmeat pizza and Katsu chicken sandwich.
First Prince tea House in Philadelphia. 
Clean and spacious with calm classical music playing in the background. Good selection of both sweet and savory food that can be paired with a large selection of high quality teas. 

We ordered the lemongrass, ginger, carrots herbal tea, verbena orange mint herbal tea and my friend ordered the purple yam crepes cake. 

Each hot tea comes with its own cute teapot with a candle to keep the tea hot. The teas were very refreshing and smooth. I appreciate the non-caffeinated tea options. They open until midnight and it's great to grab a herbal tea with your sweet tooth. 

Sweet purple potato crepes cake wasn't too sweet and had tiny chunks of potato in between layers yet the cream made it silky smooth/buttery like. This crepe cake is seasonal and sells out fast. So far it's not on the menu but can ask the servers if they have it. 

Servers were friendly, and nicely groomed. My order came in a timely manner. The vibe is definitely positive and chill, if I lived in Philly this would be my go to spot for some good tea!
The aesthetics were nice and cute! Service was prompt and the bathrooms were clean. We ordered the lavender green hot milk tea and it came out in a cute lil teapot. It was even heated with a tea candle! 

I really wanted to like this place since I've been to their location in New York, but the milk tea didn't meet our expectations. It tasted way too milky and the lavender and green tea taste was not apparent.
Very cute place! Loved the tea and desserts. Our food and drinks were brought to us very quickly. The cold potted milk tea had Oreo cookie crumbles on the top and that's why it's called "potted." Lots of options to choose from and the staff is very friendly and accommodating. Looking forward to my next visit!
Very friendly and helpful staff. I had mango crepe cake and red bean crepe to go. Mango crepe had a lot of whipped cream filling, barely tasted the crepe and mango. I had better one in Chinatown. The red bean crepe filling is whipped cream with red beans . It's pretty good but not memorable. 

The interior is very pretty and romantic. 

Next time I want to treat the soufflé and lava cake  which cannot be ordered for take out
I would recommend this spot all day. Super Covid friendly. Social distancing, masks, temperature check, and touchless ordering. Perfect. 

Food is delicious. I ordered the wings, the Santa Fe rolls, and the shrimp lollipops and I'm craving it all again. The atmosphere and ambiance is gorgeous. Perfect for a
Date night or ladies brunch. 

Parking is rough but there is a lot a few doors down. A little pricey, $6 for every 30 minutes and they only take cash. Just FYI.
This place is so beautiful. The ambiance is so nice feels like you are sitting at a fancy tea place. We had the white tea and it was amazing. I also got the rose milk foam tea and it was really nice. The fruit toast could use a little more condensed milk on it but it was nice and buttery. The staff is so nice. Also the bathroom is sparkling clean which is always a plus. Definitely recommend!
What a neat little place.

It's a really nice place to just hang out and chat with friends. We had a party of 7 people and each tea pot is about $8, which offers one about 10-12 cups of tea. It's quite cheap if you share a pot of tea. 
In addition, I tried the green tea mille crepe that had a strong green tea flavor. It was very pleasant with around 20 layers to it. 
A good place to come with a bunch of friends, so you can try a bunch of things on their menu!
Pretty cute spot to just chill and grab some tea/dessert. We got the Trio Combo Mix and Match which was a good way to try several items. Our favorite was the black sesame creme brûlée. Usually I find black sesame to be a little strong of a flavor but it was made really well and had a more subtle taste.
Absolutely loved this place! Ambiance was amazing. Has the perfect aesthetic and instagramability. Felt safe during covid, and there was minimal interaction with others because you order from your phone. The bubble tea cake was one of the most unique desserts I've ever tried, and it was definitely worth it. Not to mention it makes for cool pictures and videos. Bubble tea was also awesome.
We came here just looking for a non-bar that would be open past 10pm, and it ended up being great. The atmosphere was really nice - it's a cute, laid back, tea house vibe.

When we ordered our desserts, we were told that the fruit toast would take 10-15 additional minutes, and we were okay with that. After about 20 minutes, they came over asking if everything was okay, and it turned out that the waitress had forgotten to put the order in for that item despite bringing us the other things we ordered. Not the end of the world, but it just ended up taking much longer than we expected. Both desserts were pretty good, and I'd likely go here again. Probably would've given them four stars if they didn't forget to put part of the order in.
This place is absolutely to die for cute!!! So glad it has come to Philly! The space itself is adorable and well decorated. The piano music adds to the quaint and cozy atmosphere. The staff is also friendly and eager to give suggestions. I tried the trio dessert, a house matcha milk tea (hot), and lavender green potted plant milk foam tea (cold). Everything was delicious and looked like art. You get a good bang for you buck with a full pot of hot tea. The tea sets are lovely. Would be a great spot for a small party or celebration! I will certainly be back!
Prince Tea House offers a wide variety of teas and desserts, all at pretty reasonable prices. Their hot teas are served in pretty tea sets and one pot is definitely enough to share. Their desserts range from basic to adventurous with everything in between so everyone in your group can enjoy something that suits them. I recommend the durian mille crepe cake if you're more adventurous like I am! 

For service, this location doesn't quite meet the same expectations as their location in Flushing. The staff here seem less attentive or perhaps just understaffed and stretched too thin. I would recommend coming during non-peak hours for the most pleasant experience here.
This is probably my new favorite (bubble) tea place on the east coast. They offer such a wide variety of hot teas, cold teas, milk teas, fruit teas...you name it! It was sooo hard to decide what I want. They also offer a nice selection of desserts to pair with your drink. Here, I decided to try their rose potted milk tea and green tea brûlée. My boyfriend wanted a good ol' classic oolong tea. He loved how strong his tea was. For me, I thoroughly loved the flavor and aesthetics of my rose potted milk tea. The green tea brûlée was also nicely made. Love the crisp on top and the green tea flavor was perfect; not too overly sweet but strong. Lastly, the vibes of this shop is super cute and chill. Some people were working on stuff here or was chilling with friends. The cafe was also very cutely decorated and great for pictures. Overall, will definitely come back when I'm in the area!
awsome place to have cake n tea. Really enjoy this place and definitely will come back next time
It's a nice place to chill and kick back. They open until 1am so it's a good spot to hang out with friends.
The tea here is so tasty! This is my second visit at Prince Tea House and both time I had to get the Rose Milk Tea. The ambiance is peaceful and the decor inside is thoughtful! The only thing  I was not a big fan of was the desserts. Both times, the desserts I ordered were subpar. If you stick to the tea's though, I am sure you will enjoy your visit.
The soufflé and tea was delicious. Great place for a date! We went here after going to the ramen shop across the street.
Lovely attentive service, with a very extensive tea menu, and too many desserts to choose just one, great date spot open till 1am, or a place that's great for a girls afternoon.
This is one of the best elegant tea houses in Chinatown. The cakes were amazing. We had the durian crepe cake, green tea crepe cake, and the molten lava cake. The flavors were astonishing and very bursting with flavors. The decors of the place helped with the ambience and vibe; it was very sensual and extravagant. It makes you feel comfortable yet classy. 
The servers were very welcoming and kind. They took the time to satisfy our needs. They were very patient as this was our first time. Highly recommend and will come back!
This is a super cute place for a date! Quiet atmosphere and really quaint. Lots of options for dessert and tea. This is a chain from New York. They just opened four days ago. Worth giving a try if you are in the area!
I found out about this place from a friend of mines and I knew I had to come check it out. Upon seeing the place from the outside, it looked so pretty and modern and after entering, it had a slight victorian vibe. The menu had a lot of different teas to offer, from asian to european, although it mainly focused on the asian teas. I admire how patient our server, Peng, was since I asked many questions about the menu. I decided to go for a hot fruity tea (prince fruits paradise) since our server recommended it to me. He came out with such a cute display of the tea. I really enjoyed the tea and didn't even have to add more sugar because the sweetness was already perfect as it is. I definitely recommend the tea and the desserts they have! I appreciate this cute addition and so you should try it out if you are in chinatown!
Finally, a tea house in Philadelphia! This place was so cute so for all you instagram people, this is for you! Awesome place for big groups as well! Everything is under $9 from food to drinks. The waitresses and hostess were so polite and informative! Definitely will be coming back with my friends!
Excellent service and tea! I has the fruit tea and it was delicately sweet and delicious. I also has the coconut panna cotta which was really good as well. I highly recommend you come here to give it a try.
This place is absolutely to die for cute!!! So glad it has come to Philly! The space itself is adorable and well decorated. The piano music adds to the comfortable and cozy atmosphere. The staff is also friendly and eager to give suggestions. I tried the trio dessert, a matcha milk tea (hot), and lavender green milk  tea (cold). Everything was delicious and looked like art. The tea pieces are lovely. Would be a great spot for a small party or celebration! I will certainly be back!
The flowers outside caught our attention so we decided to stop in. We ordered the rose green milk tea and the trio dessert combo. The presentation was very cute. The tea was very light. If you haven't been here before, the combo is a good to get. It comes with 3 smaller sized items that is perfect for sharing for two.
This place is so lovely, clean, and adorably decorated. The staffs are so friendly and always check on customers if you need anything. They have a wide varieties of tea. Any kind is good. But their teapots are small. It's only good for probably 4 to 5 cups and there's no refills. It will ran out fast, so you need to order a new pot and take your time to enjoy it.  For desserts, only durian crepes cake is one of my favorite. The best I ever eat. Just the first bite, it reminds me of home in Asia. It's so smooth, not too sweet, and more durian meat than the flour or cream. I highly recommended for a tea date or tea party. It's a perfect place to go. Love this place! Keeps me coming back for Durian crepes cake.
This is a great place to make a lasting impression. It is a great place for aesthetic photos. Everything is adorable here, from the matching tea sets to all the plating. The staff is wonderfully attentive and super kind. We ordered a dessert we hated, and they removed it from the bill. That was unexpected but I'd give them 6 stars for the way they handled it.
We came across this tea house while perusing TikTok and it immediately caught our eye. Fortunately, we had a friend coming in from NYC, so that gave us the excuse to try this tea house. It is a very aesthetically pleasing restaurant and everything appears to have its place. 

Food: The menu is not large and we did not end up ordering food, however there is a wide selection of teas - including bubble tea. I understand that the pandemic has led to the widespread use of online menus, but their online menu was tough to navigate. We eventually figured out how to place our order. We ordered the Prince Passion Tea and the rose green milk tea (as per recommendations from the hostess). We were not disappointed with either option. When I come back next time I will be sure to order the food as the pictures looked enticing. 

Service: Very prompt and friendly service. We were overwhelmed with the amount of options for tea and coffee, so we asked our waitress and she gave us great recommendations. The tea came out in a very well-designed tea pot with a little warmer so that our tea could stay warm for the duration of our stay. One pot could serve about 4-5 cups of tea, which is great for the price. Bathrooms were very clean and they did a good job following COVID-19 protocol as they even took our temperatures before we sat down. 

Ambience: As mentioned above, this place is very well decorated. We came later in the day on a Friday and we were the only party in the restaurant for majority of the time. The lighting is very good and bright. The booth seats are also very comfortable. 

Pro Tip: There is plenty of street parking if you plan on driving to this location. However, the limit for this parking is 2 hours, except on Sundays I believe.
everything tasted pretty mediocre and was a little on the expensive side; i appreciate how the tea is served on a small candle set that keeps it hot. the crepe cake tasted normal, so overall an average experience but the space for a dessert shop in chinatown is the only reason why i would go back.
A cute and pretty spot for brunch, lunch and dessert time. I always enjoyed my time here with friends. I am a tea person, and I loved all the flavors I have tried here. My favorite are the earl grey milk tea, rose milk tea, and the fruit green tea ( forgot which one it was). My absolute favorite dessert is the Durian Mille Crepes Cake ( I am a fan of this exotic fruit). The green tea mille crepes cake is also delicious. The lava cake is also good to try if you love chocolate & cacao flavors. They made the cake pretty rich in flavor. 

During Covid, they have a contactless menu ( scanned QR code) and you have to order your drinks and desserts via the online link. I also enjoyed my time here as the staff is always nice and they respect your space and time you spends with friends.
A great spot for when you're looking for a solid ambiance and yummy desserts! 

I've tried a variety of their desserts, and haven't been disappointed so far. I think their trio set is particularly cute and flexible as you can choose from several options. I tried a goma (black sesame) crème brûlée here for the first time and really enjoyed it. 

For being a pricier place, they still have a credit card minimum of $15 or something, which can become cumbersome when you're just coming here to share a dessert. 

If you wanna let loose on your calorie count and your wallet for an occasional treat, would def recommend!
I loved this place, it is very delicious! I liked how you could order, and pay online and not have to worry about quickly deciding what to order because a waiter is asking. Both desserts were delicious with a perfect amount of sweetness and the tea was so yummy!
Cute and bright tea and dessert place in Philadelphia! We tried a few desserts and coffee .. everything was good! The seats were plush and comfortable, the tables were big, the place was pretty spacious. The decor was super cute from the lighting to the wall art.
I came here Saturday afternoon at 3pm as a group of 5. There were a couple of empty seats available and they were able to seat us in the back with a larger booth. We ordered the potted rose green tea, lavender green milk tea, matcha crepe cake, fresh fruit yogurt mango smoothie, and some appetizers. The milk foam in several of the drinks are all the same- thick, foamy, but also salty. The saltiness in the milk foam mixed really well with the sweetness of the drinks and had a nice balance of taste. The yogurt mango smoothie also has the milk foam on top and it's a super thick smoothie with small mango chunks on top. I really loved the potted rose green tea. I ordered it 30% sweetness which was perfect because it wasn't too sweet and the milk foam and cookie crumbles on top adds to the flavor. The lavender green milk tea was also absolutely delicious- you could really taste both teas in this.
We love the atmosphere and decor. The tea is also great, we had the iced mango black tea and rose milk tea. Highly recommend. The matcha Mille cake was also a nice treat. Great place to grab dessert after dinner in Chinatown.
One of my favorite desserts spot, serves variety hot drink, cold drink and desserts. A cozy afternoon tea place. Staffs are supper friendly, foods are yummy, this place is recommended.
Beautiful venue for a little tea party celebration! Recently hosted my friend's birthday here, and we all had a lovely time! I worked with Rachel for setup and all the details. She was wonderful to work with, and very accommodating!

There was an extensive (and impressive!) menu of hot and cold drinks, desserts, and food! Many options to choose from, especially for picky eaters. Took us some time to decide!

If you get a hot tea, you get a gorgeous tea pot and matching cup and saucer set! The teapot can hold a tremendous amount of tea. I mean, I felt as if I got a good 5-6 cups from it. You can also determine how sweet of a tea you'd like. I'd recommend going for 30% sweetness which was perfect. You can always add more ;)

I ordered the English Toffee milk tea and the mango crepe cake for dessert. I also ordered a green tea crepe cake for the table. 

Service was friendly and attentive, even during a busy afternoon. 

Highly recommend this place! I will definitely return!
Took more than 40 minutes making two tea. I mean, ru serious ?! There is no way it needs to take this long, I might as well make it myself at home.
Lovely place for a quick bit and lot of chats. I wouldn't come if you're expecting a full meal but maybe a light bite. The do have some entrees but it's not very expansive. Their tea selection, however, is quite large.  

Tried the lavender oolong and loved it. It was light but aromatic. Quite excited to try other tea offerings. I split a teapot with my gal pal. Between us two, it was a decent amount. I think three to a pot might be a bit too little per person. Also got some fries and their dessert trio to share. The Goma (black sesame) Brulee is really good. Full of flavor, nutty and creamy. The Pâte à Choux were alright and the green tea financier is passable.

The service is quite nice. We didn't feel rushed and we enjoyed our tea time.
My friend and I visited recently and it is easily now my favorite place in all of Philadelphia. It is very clean and classy with chandeliers and plant decor. We got a booth and a chair table, but we noticed other larger groups had enough space to huddle comfortably around a full table. Our waitress was very patient and quickly showed us to a table. She even recommended their most popular drinks when we were having trouble choosing. Very very attentive staff. 

The menu features many types of teas (hot/cold) where you could also adjust sugar levels. They have fruity teas, milk teas, and healthy teas. The dessert selection was also very diverse, but cakes dominated it. We didn't order this, but there were also small meal options, like sandwiches.

Presentation was lovely! The teapot and matching set were very delicately ornate, though a little heavy to lift. The teapot sat upon a candle-lit warmer. Everything was plated like art.

We ordered the Tropical Oolong tea (guava, passion fruit, mango) and a Chocolate Raspberry Sorbet to share. A pot shared between two friends was definitely the perfect amount. We had about 3-4 cups each and it was very light/fruity. It came with a sugar pot. The sorbet was very fruity and the mousse was rich, all pierced by few pocky pieces. (Note: The chocolate cup is dark chocolate. Ask for a knife to cut it because it was cold and a little thick, but very delicious.) It sat on a plate over mango syrup with fruit chunks and whipped cream on the side. It wasn't too sweet (a good thing!) and the whole dessert was a very nice accompaniment to the tea. 

It is a little pricey, but very worth the time and memory made. We took a lot of pictures and enjoyed everything. We want to come back with other friends next time. :)
Beautiful Tea House. Welcoming staff. Desserts are amazing!!! Stop by you won't be disappointed!
@NommingNomad Approved!

When you have tea and desserts, I am so here for it! This place is all of your tea loving dreams come true and the prettiest desserts which are equally delicious. The tea set will make you feel like a fancy lady. I sure did. I went here with a friend and we collectively spent about 2.5 hours here and they were so attentive and nice. We got a lavender tea for two and a slice of the fruit Mille crepe cake and the fruit toast! 

So the fruit toast is a behemoth and is yummy sweet Japan's ear milk bread toasted and filled with an assortment of fruits  as a huge scoop of ice cream! Everything about it was awesome and somehow it felt light! I hav no idea how. 

The fruit crepe cake was a dainty dessert but equally delicious and also felt light and fresh! I'd highly recommend going here and I know that I'll be back to try more of the delish!
First legitimate tea house in Philly (not counting all the bubble tea places of course)! We were so glad to find out that Prince Tea House finally opened a location here. It's almost right across our favorite dim sum place in Chinatown. We stopped by on a Sunday afternoon around 2pm and there were plenty of tables. However, I think it's just a matter of time before everyone knows about this place and it starts to get crowded on the weekends. 

The menu has a very extensive selection of tea - pure tea, milk tea, fruit tea, hot or warm, you name it. There is also plenty of cakes to choose from. We got a pot of earl grey milk tea with 50% sugar (perfect amount) and a mixed fruit Mille feuille. The highlight is definitely the delicate tea set, with candlelight warming up the tea pot on the bottom. For the fruit cake, it's very creamy yet light, but not the best I've had (e.g. compared to Harbs from NYC). I think it could be better if they use riper fruits in the layers, and probably think about getting rid of the melons.The lightness from the cream really need some contrast from the fruits. 

The WiFi speed was really fast, and there were outlets right next to our table. The background music was elegant, so you could really get some work done. However, there was a large group of around 15 people came in later, and then it became really noisy. 

Despite the minor drawbacks, it's definitely becoming one of my go-to desert place in the city, and deserves a at least a four star until I'm impressed by their other cakes!
Omg this place is so adorable. Compared to other tea places I went to, this place is by far the best tea place. My server Peng was so attentive and giving a lot of recommendations. He was super funny and cute. Will definitely come back!
Inexpensive, but cute little place. Filled with delicious sweet treats and a fine selection of teas. Great place for a date or to relax and read a book. Decor is a cute modern aesthetic with very warm welcoming vibes. Staff is friendly and courteous. I highly recommend this for anyone looking for an actual teahouse as opposed to the many bubble tea parlors in Chinatown.  A+
This place is very nice great tea options. The green tea mille crepe was very good. Atmosphere is very nice good decor and nice music there.
Fruit mill cake - fresh, fluffy, well layered cake with refreshing fruits between layers.

Mango yogurt smoothie - refreshing smoothie with a few small pieces of mangoes on top of the f
Prince Tea House is the epitome of charm, class, and elegance. 

While fairly casual, the vibe is elevated without the stuffiness in all the best ways. The aesthetics are cute and dainty with lots of European charm, but with a menu with Asian-inspired flavors. They have a wealth of hot, loose-leaf teas, speciality teas/bobas in individual servings, some food options, and a wide variety of desserts. 

I've been to the location in Flushing, NY, but finally found time to try out the Philly location. I came with family (there were 7 of us), and were quickly seated at their larger, round table. A little cramped, but they didn't have any larger options. We ordered a Purple Yam Mille Crepe Cake, Tiramisu, Du Hammam Green Tea, Jasmine Green Milk Tea, and a Signature Milk Foam Black Tea with Boba. Everything was delicious and well presented. We had so many people that our tea pots didn't last very long on the tea light stands LOL. 

Our servers were kind and presented everything beautifully. No complaints. 

Prince Tea House is a great place to catch up & spend time with loved ones. Can't wait to return to this location in the future. It's a great addition to Philly Chinatown!
I would highly recommend the drinks here. The iced latte and potted rose green tea were superb! I also love how you can customize the sugar level. However, the desserts left more to be desired - I would pass on the desserts next time!
ADORABLE! I am so incredibly happy to have a beautiful tea/dessert house in Philly's Chinatown. My friend and I stopped here for dessert last week after dinner. The interior is beautifully decorated with chandeliers and floral tea sets. The dessert and tea menu is quite extensive, and there are food options here, if you so wish to partake. We ordered the Earl Grey Milk Tea with 50% sugar, a fruit mille crepe, a Durian mille crepe and a Japanese sweet potato souffle. The Durian mille crepe was sweet, but I appreciated the fact that the Durian flavor really came through. The fruit mille crepe was light, fluffy, and it wasn't too sweet. We were really full by the time the Japanese sweet potato souffle came out, but the ube ice cream that accompanied the souffle was delicious. The souffle was sweet, but this also packed an ube flavor punch and texture. The service was accommodating and kind, and we enjoyed our tea and desserts. I would love to come back to try their other menu items!
There's a location in NY that I frequent so I wanted to check out the location out here in Philadelphia. Service was prompt, the ladies greeting guests were sweet. Some of the selections (sandwiches) on the high tea were okay. Otherwise, the atmosphere was accommodating.
Very good. We got the English Toffee Milk Tea (50% sweetness which was perfect), the salted fried chicken, the chicken katsu sandwich, the NY style cheesecake, and the molten lava cake between the two of us. We were pretty stuffed. We got 6 cups total out of the milk tea which was perfect for us. I preferred the salted fried chicken to the sandwich so would skip the sandwich next time in favor of trying something different. The molten lava cake was yummy and the ice cream hit the spot.

We did order by scanning by QR code. I put all the above dishes in at once and "placed the order" for the kitchen. It took a while to get the tea but after that every dish was spaced out almost perfectly. I am guessing the wait was due to a lot of tables ordering at once.

When you are ready for the check you hit checkout on your phone and the waitstaff brings you a physical check so you don't have to try inputting your card info on your phone like many other restaurants in the city. 

The staff were very friendly and the ambiance was nice.
Prince Tea House is one of my favorite franchise cafes! This location was cozy and clean. Staff were friendly and loved the scan and order option. They were very good at keeping tables clean/sanitized and social distanced. 

The potted drinks are so cute (the "dirt" is really just crushed Oreos) and the tea is very delicate and flavorful. 

I would totally recommend coming here!
Such a cute dainty spot in Chinatown. Really appreciate how it's away from the hustle and bustle of the other restaurants so I can walk without feeling like I'll get hit by a car, lol.

I've been here twice. The first time to sample some food for my best friend's tea party and the second time for her actual tea party event for her birthday. I enjoyed each time! The workers are very sweet, and I love their ordering method. You order by using a QR code on the table that directs you to their website to order online. It's a live ordering tab where you can actively see what other people at your table ordered. 

They have a good selection of sweets, sandwiches, salads, appetizers and drinks. Don't expect "entrees", though some of their food can definitely fill you up. And for a very affordable price! Everything is under $10. 

For my bffs birthday/tea party event, they were prompt in bringing our stuff out and were helpful. It didn't feel like we had to wait for our food and drinks although we had a party of 7, and the restaurant was busy. 
 
Not my last time at Prince Tea House, and I recommend this place for a lunch date or tea party for sure!
I have heard many things about Prince Tea House (particularly, the one in Flushing, NY), and was excited to have high tea during my most recent trip to the city.

I would give this place 5 stars, but the only thing that was holding me back was that out of the different dessert and food items that my friends and I have tried, some of the texture and proportions of the desserts were a bit strange (Mille Feuille and Cranberry Creme Brulee in particular). However, I would definitely come back and try other dessert items to see how they fare.

I went with two of my friends and we ordered the Rose milk tea, Takoyaki, Mille Feuille, Trio Combo Mix or Match (Cranberry Creme Brulee, Green Tea Financier, Fruit Tart)

The rose milk tea came in a pot and the portion size was pretty good for 3 people, but if you like to drink a lot of liquid, I would recommend getting 2 pots of tea if you want to mix and match flavors. If you are a fan of floral teas, I would highly recommend the rose milk tea!

Takoyaki - It tasted good, there was large pieces of squid inside which was nice. There were 5 or 6 pieces of takoyaki. 

Mille Feuille - Very flaky, puff pastry dessert, ratio seemed to be 80% puff pastry and 20% filling. I think that having thinner layers, or more pastry cream in between or even on the side, would allow for a better proportioned tasting dessert. This dessert was a bit difficult to figure out how to eat/share amongst other people since puff pastry is very flaky and breaks apart easily. 

Cranberry Creme Brulee - This was an interesting dessert, it isn't like your traditional creme brulee where the top is covered with sugar and toasted, the top has a cramberry jam on top of a custard, but when you get to the custard portion, you notice that the texture is a bit chunky and not very smooth. Not sure if this was just a one off experience or if this is with all of their creme brulees but it seems to be a technical issue when making the dessert. 

Green Tea Financier - Small cake, but with a really nice matcha flavor! The cake was nice and moist, I would get this again separately.

Fruit Tart - Pretty good, small mini/fruit tart sized, taste was what you would expect from a fruit tart.
