Establishments like Prohibition Taproom are one of the many reasons why I love Philly. I've been here a few times , and with every visit it has been nothing short of awesome. What is even better is that the owner of Prohibition is also the owner of Bufad and Cafe Lift. This is what I like to call the "Trifecta", with damn good pizza, a great bar, and another great brunch location all on the same block.
 
My most recent visit at PTR  was after a Yelp Event at Punchline Comedy Club, where we turned this into a UYE. That is an "Unofficial Yelp Event" for those who may not know what "UYE" stands for.  You know after any event, that kind of party just can't end there, you have to keep that vibe going. PT had a good crowd in there when we came in there, and what made it better was we scored some great seats at the bar.  

The last time I was here this place was blowing up, as it should be with the great crafts they have on tap. As for mixed drinks, those well blended cocktails are also something that should not be ignored. In all which ever route you take , you'd definitely be satisfied in wetting your whistle. 

Their menu is also something that needs your attention if you feel you need to get some grub action. The menu does change every once in a while so if you had something here before it might not be back in their rotation.  The options are endless, plus they even do brunch here,  and not to mention their donuts they make.  

Little food for thought about their menu. (pun intended)

Deviled Eggs~ Yes its an egg, yes a lot of places serve them,  but these little morsels had chunks of pork belly on them. Enough said. 
 
Braised Lamb Grilled Cheese~ Shh you read that right, and yes that picture does do it justice. If you could only imagine how that bad boy tasted, it literally melted in my mouth with every bite. The way they had the goat cheese, with pickled eggplant intertwined with the lamb had me moaning with delight. Ask Tara G. as she was cursing at me as she also enjoyed several bites. 

Manhattan Bourbon Glazed Donuts~ Hot and fresh, that was glazed which was drizzled in bourbon with a chocolate sauce that will separate the fools from the diabetics!  

What better way to enjoy your time from the service that was on point ,down the choice of cocktail. In all Prohibition Taproom is a great spot to visit from their happy hour, or to just go in and chill with that good vibe atmosphere.
Prohibition Taproom has got personality. Their huge "BAR" sign calls to you, even visible from Spring Garden. This faux-speakeasy's interior fits their name, with a large wooden bar dominating the space, lit by beautiful hanging Victorian bulbs. There's room for a crowd, even in the bathrooms[1]. My only gripe is that the exterior is brighter than it ought to be.

Prohibition opened earlier this month, and as young as they are, the staff was anything but. Brendan, our bartender and a trained chef, kept us happy, making us shots and taking food orders (they have a full menu). We took down gin ($7/shot), Jameson, and pineapple rum shooters[2]. Would have drank more, but conceded, with great lugubriousness, that it was a Monday night.

Stop into Prohibition[3], and tell 'em I sent you[4]!

[1] Their non-unisex bathrooms can fit two comfortably, though most will prefer to go solo. Don't ask how I know.
[2] I asked for a light, random shot, and was pleasantly surprised with the shooters.
[3] Do this!
[4] Don't do that!
Nice find just north of City Hall. It had a decent selection of beers and wine. The atmosphere was fun but subdued. Nothing too hyped up but if you're looking for a good selection of drinks in a spot to hole away into and get away from the more crowded areas of the city - it's a great option! 

Being away from the main action of the city has its advantages. There was ample street parking just steps away which was handy given how windy it was outside! 

The proximity to City Hall is also nice since the Winter Garden was in place at Dilworth Park. If the weather was nicer we would've walked there to check out the different shops. Great location since there is always something seasonal set up at Dilworth Park. 

Would recommend for a night cap or happy hour for sure!
Want to observe something funny? Put five Yelp CMs in a car together and try to get them to agree on a place to have dinner together. No, wait. Don't EVER do that. It's a long and arduous process, but on the very bright side, you end up at delicious spots like Prohibition Taproom. 

It wasn't crowded when we swung by on a Saturday night. We were placed in a corner table/booth situation and took to ordering almost immediately. In true CM fashion, we split a little bit of everything. Here's what I enjoyed from least to most (but I'll admit, I really did enjoy trying EVERYTHING). 

- Roll Mops: Pickled herring wrapped around a cold potato filling. Our waitress insisted we try these and I was happy we did, but it just didn't quite stack up to the other dishes. 
- Mac & Cheese: Pretty standard mac and cheese, which also means pretty delicious.
- Smoked Beef Fat Popcorn: I'm not a big popcorn person and this was hard to stop eating. Just try it. 
- Assorted Pickled Vegetables: Literally just a plate of pickled vegetables from carrots to radishes. It was addicting and a nice balance to some of the heavier dishes. 
- Wild Mushroom Gratin: Reminded me of Thanksgiving! 
- Pork Belly & Cheddar Potato Skins: Need I say more? Wish we would've gotten two of these! 
- Steak Tartare Sliders: I'm a sucker for steak tartare and these sliders were on point. The bread could have been a little softer as a lot of the filling spilled out with one bite, but no worries, I was happy to pick it up! 

Now, the cocktails... Our waitress let us know they recently revamped the menu and I'm on a bourbon kick as of late so went for the Philadelphian of Eagle Rare Bourbon, Sweet Vermouth, Averna, and cherry. It was strong which was nice because I had to sip it slow. I also sampled the Spring Garden which was fresh and floral. They also have a wide selection of beer. 

My only gripe. Since we did order so many dishes, I was hoping they'd come out staggered but instead, our table was flooded with a bunch of plates at one time. Chaos ensued. Delicious chaos, but chaos nonetheless. 

Overall, a win for Philly! Probably my favorite meal during this very short trip and with all that food and drink, we only paid about $25 per person.
I returned to Prohibition Taproom for some pre-concert eats and drinks.  Happy hour was from 5 - 7 but since everyone in my group was drinking bottled beer, we did not benefit from the specials.  Still, the beer selection is very fairly priced.  The bartender was friendly and effortlessly handled the entire bar on her own, which was no small feat as mostly all of the stools were taken.  

Between four of us, we had the hummus plate, deep fried green beans and onion rings.  There was more than enough food and we didn't even come close to finishing everything.  The hummus was very good, as were the green beans, which came with some sort of garlic dipping sauce.  I highly suggest investing in some Altoids if you plan to order either of these plates.  The onion rings were really thick-cut and almost a little too onion-y.  The dipping sauce seemed like a cross between ranch dressing and vinegar.  It was pretty potent and I'd probably lean towards ketchup in the future, but that's just me.  

I shall return.
Good times will be had at Prohibition Taproom. Come here one night during the weekend and take a set at the bar. Get a drink (There are some good beers on tap). Maybe order some food (Veggie Tip: Vegetarians and veggie friendly peeps have some solid options here). Then just take in the atmosphere and enjoy. 

Prohibition Taproom is a close-second to my favorite bar restaurant in Philly (which, in case you are interested, is Khyber Pass). I would recommend it, hands down.
A basic corner bar, but an excellent corner bar.  Interesting beer on tap, with enough variety for most anyone to find something that they like.  My favorites were the Helltown Mischievous Brown and the Ommegang Scythe and Sickle.  The bar has a lot of warm wood and while it filled up pretty quickly, there was space for everyone.  The crowd here seemed pretty relaxed.  The shape of the bar is a little strange, but it makes it a bit easier for larger groups to hang out at the bar together.

I dislike that they put grenadine in their old fashioned.  I tried another mixed drink, a bottlecap, which is made with root beer schnapps.  It was pretty tasty, but a little sweet for my taste.
I feel like I stumbled on a neighborhood secret walking into Sunday brunch here. The vibe at Pro Tap is laid back cool. A tad hipsta but what great brunch place isn't nowadays?

We needed 3 things: carb items for my daughter, eggs and sausage for my son, area proximity due to party proceeding...ok maybe four...bloody marys...always a requirement.

We were greeted with smiles and the wait was nothing (5 mins) compared to other brunch places. Albeit this is a bar but the brunch game is strong my friends.

I definitely recommend getting the Bloody Mary. It's spicy and garnished with homemade pickled veggies. Your choice of vodka.

We ordered a chocolate, caramel donut for the table to try because it was $2 and it was ridiculous. Hot out of the fryer made it crunchy on the outside with a cakey inside and whatever goodness they garnished with was off the plate and devoured within seconds.

Kiddos ordered the chocolate chip pancakes  as well as eggs and sausage. The portions are enormous. The toasted sourdough that comes with egg dishes is superb and you can order as a side. The pile of seasoned fries are a crispy nice addition instead of home fries.

The stunner is the chicken french toast with sunny eggs, kale and cabbage slaw, and peppered maple syrup. The combination of the crunchy kale and cabbage slaw and the saltiness of the fried chicken coupled with the gooey sunnies and peppery sweet maple syrup was insane. I will go back for that lovely dish.

Overall I was really impressed and would recommend!!
This is my kind of place! I've passed Prohibition a bunch of times and from the outside (and the location), I chalked it up to being a cheesy dive bar... I was totally wrong.

Rumor has it this place is owned by the same owners of Cafe Lift and it makes perfect sense; the food is amazing, everything has a "foodie", gastropub-feel and the beer list was second to none. We had a beet salad, polenta fries and deep fried green beans. As if that doesn't sound appetizing enough, we didn't "polish it off with a cool Budweiser", but hand-pumped firkin... It was firkin great... and I'm a firkin loser...
Prohibition quickly became my go-to neighborhood place shortly after moving in.  The kitchen here is exceptional.  The regular menu is pretty spectacular but the best food is on the ever-rotating list of specials that the kitchen turns out daily.  They are AMAZING.

The vibe is friendly and comfortable.  The list of beers on tap is impressive.  There are tons of bottles as well.  

Pretty much every meal I've had here has been great.  Come hungry and enjoy this neighborhood gem.  Oh, and Sundays are BYOV (bring your own vinyl) days....bring vinyl, they will play it on the turn table and offer you a discount.
Over a year later, I still give this place 5 stars. This is based on 15+ visits. This may seem excessive, but it is the #1 option near my new home, and it is a REALLY good one.

The green beans, the burgers, the BRUNCH, oh my gosh, the brunch. The daily specials which are always different, exciting, and reasonable. I love the constantly changing beer selection, and most of all, I really like the people that come here. This place attracts a great crowd, and please, let's keep it that way!
Three words - bacon, fat, popcorn. 

Each word can stand alone in the gastronomy world but they create a tripod of deliciousness that is complimentary of the house when you take your seat for dinner. So if that's not enough to get you in the door, maybe you should make like a tree...and get out. Kidding, not kidding. OK let's review....

My brother and I came here prior to seeing a show at the newly renovated Met on Broad St. 

#1. Because the Met (as cool of a venue as it is) is in a dead zone when it comes to night life (this is a half mile away). 

#2. Because I have a soft spot for good food and beer and that is what Pro Taproom seems to be known for. 

So did they check off both boxes - oh you know they did. 

The beer selection is modest with some local guys on tap as well as some tasty suds from afar. They also have happy hour 5-7 which includes $4 select drafts. 

As for the food, the fried chicken seems to be the top choice here. We both ordered the Southern fried chicken sandwich - a boneless thigh with cheddar, pickles and Szechuan aioli. We both agreed that is was good...not great. The chicken was a bit dry and after eating this sandwich, I can confirm that cheese doesn't belong on a crispy chicken sandwich (at least not on mine). We decided that if we were to come back, we would order the actual fried chicken to split which is available on Tuesday night. 

Service was great. Music was great. And in case you're wondering, our show was great. This is one of the finer tap rooms in the city and one that I wouldn't mind returning to.
When I was put in charge of picking a place to eat for 5 CMs I was pumped. That excitement quickly turned to terror when they shot down my first 5 ideas close to the house we were staying in. I opened up the radius of the search a little bit and came across Prohibition Taproom. I checked with one my most trusted allies (Cassie G) and when we both gave a silent nod in the back seat of an SUV, we made a decision that would change the course of 5 lives. Ok, it was just dinner, but it was pretty amazing.

The plates are small and meant to be shared. So we got a ton of things:

Smoked Beef Fat Popcorn: I wish they bagged this. It would take Netflix & Chill to a whole nother level. These were delicious and I couldn't stop eating them.

Wild Mushroom Gratin - Maybe my favorite thing we tried. Cheesy mushrooms, the flavor was great.

Mac & Cheese - another solid option, but I didn't love the noodles they used.

Tar Tar - these little sliders were the biggest hit at the table. I wasn't a huge fan of the bread, but my co-workers were kind enough to finish off the leftovers.

Green beans - ok maybe THIS was my favorite actually. Tempura fried green beans with a delicious, creamy sauce to dip. I admit I ate most of them. Extra nice to find a green bean-less chunk of tempura, dip it, and devour it. So good....maybe not for you, but tasting.

Roll Mops: Pickled herring. The waitress said it was her fav, but it received mixed reviews from our group. Bottom of the list for me =/

Pickled Plate: A couple pickled veggies. They were a nice snack option, but obviously a lot more basic than the other dishes.

Pork Belly Potato Skins: These were good. Really good. It comes with two pieces...we chopped them up so everyone could get a bite - so they are a little hard to share. Might want to get 2 orders of this one.

We also got some cocktails. It was solid, but I should have done a beer with dinner instead. I'm weird about cocktails with dinner for some reason. Service was great - except that all the dishes came out at once. I'm used to tapas/shared plate style places staggering out the dishes...I guess that's not exactly the concept here, but it would have been nice to have them come out in waves...as a ton of dishes came out at once and we were all overwhelmed by the yumminess in front of us.
After talking about visiting Prohibition Taproom for the past 2 months, the boyfriend and I finally made it there last night, and we will be back again soon!

When you step inside, you feel like you've just gone through a time machine to be back in the 1920s.  They have a lot of neat, little touches that give the place a certain je ne sais quoi.  All of the light-bulbs are the old filament bulbs, and they give the Prohibition Taproom that laid-back, dark and mysterious feeling.  

We sat at the bar and our server, Christine, was absolutely awesome.  She was knowledgeable about the beer selection, and recommended several that she thought we would like.  My boyfriend ended up with the "Sweaty Betty," a hefeweisen that I still think he ordered just to say the name.  He loved it, and I enjoyed my pilsner.  We ordered the hummus platter and french onion soup.  The hummus was delicious, and served with warm pita, red peppers, olives, and a bunch of grapes.  It was more than enough, and with the cheesy, delicious soup, we were full and happy.

They have happy hour specials from 5-7, and Christine told us that as soon as a keg is kicked, they have something new put in to change up the beer selection constantly.  She also mentioned they are thinking of having a DJ on the weekends, so we are looking forward to checking that out when it happens.  We didn't try the beer battered green beans, but the people on either side of us did and they looked delicious!  Based on past reviews, that is a definite selection.

We will definitely be back - Prohibition Taproom is a great place to grab a quick, relatively cheap bite to eat and enjoy a cold beer.  Totally non-pretentious, comfortable, and welcoming.
i can't stop eating here.  twice in three days?  seriously?  yes.  the special - monkfish, mussels, clams, shrimp, tomatoes, leeks in a white wine sauce = amazing.  salad with arugula, beets, goat cheese, toasted almonds = equally amazing.  beer list = overwhelming.  i love the sly fox helleslager and the weyerbacher fireside ale that are on tap right now.  i can't get enough of this place!
I was tipped off to the Prohibition Taproom after reading about the November 1st opening on Uwishunu. The owners also own Cafe Lift (which I've never visited), also located in the loft district.

The place is well lit from the outside with a huge red neon arrow reading "BAR" pointing to the front door. You can't really miss it. Inside, you get the speakeasy feel with dim lighting, clear large filament lightbulbs on the walls that are clad in dark wood paneling. A huge, giant wood bar runs the length of the plus with highbacked leather lounge style chairs.

The menu consists of your typical gastropub fare. Appetizers: mussels, BBQ or Ranchero wings, and beer battered green beans. Sandwiches: Burger with choice of jack, blue or brie cheese, pulled pork and a grilled marinated veggies for the herbivores out there. Entrees: steak frites, baked mac and cheese, crab & shrimp cakes and roasted chicken.

The real reason we came by was to checkout the beer selection which was definitely larger than most places but not mindblowing. I'd say about 10 brews were on draft including Slyfox Stout, Post Road Pumpkin, Stoudt's Oktoberfest, Allagash White, Hook & Ladder, Victory Braumeister and a few more. They also had Yards ESA on cask (hand pump). The bottle selection included several Belgians and Germans plus the usual domestic suspects like Dogfish Head 90-Minuyte IPA.

We had the pulled pork and burger. Both came on toasted Metropolitan Bakery ciabatta with a side of fries and the pork came with coleslaw and an out of place babycarrot. Although the burger was ordered medium rare, it came much closer to medium but the big patty and fresh produce (lettuce, tomato, fried onions) made up for it. The pulled pork was great, a little spicy and not too saucy. The fries taste housemade and are cut shoestring style.

Overall, we liked Prohibition Taproom but weren't blown away. I don't think I'd go out of my way again to come back here. It seems like it will be a great spot for the people living in the loft district, but might be a little too low key for some. However, there isn't too much in the area with this sort of beer selection - but if you're looking for really great stuff, I'd recommend trekking a little further to Belgian Cafe anyway.
I really like it at this bar. I wish I lived closer because it is a great bar to hang out with friends or even for a simple date night.

The beer is good and there is always a lot on tap as well as in bottles. There food is surprisingly good too. The french fries are killer shoestring fries, their mac and cheese is pretty good, and the fried green beans are great!

I did not like the polenta fries, but the rest of the food made up for it.

I would recommend getting a bunch of apps and splitting them, which is what I've done with friends.
so i've been trying to come here for like, ever.  i am sincerely in love with cafe lift down the street, and so since i heard of the opening of this place, i put it on my list of places to try.

so on a random wednesday night, i finally get to go.  and uh, yeah, the wait was totally worth it.  i love the decoration, the lights on the wall.  the bar is tres tres cool, and the place just feels warm.  and despite the fact that people say it's getting crowded, on this night, it was empty... a perfect place just to get away and be alone.

the server girl was quite swell--i want to be her when i grow up.

in any case, just go go go for the beer selection and fried green beans.  and perhaps you'll find me there.
We've been here before and loved it, and will prob come again.
Let me be clear, we LOVE Prohibition, and never had a bad time.
Even places we love need constructive criticism, no?

This time, a rare un-fun experience.

Wings. undersauced, overcooked. Horrific. These wings must come from dieting chickens, there was zero meat. And 6 come in and order?? Yes, they are 'Whole' wings.. but they are still tiny.. 6???  $11 for these, are you insane?

Sunday, Prohibition has bring an LP.. get 20% off. Not only did we bring, and not get 20% off.. it was an inconvenience for our waiter. Which brings us to the waiter. I'd say the guy with the Tats, but everyone has Tats here. This guy as not amused having to serve us. We disrupted his day, that or he had far better things to do than ask us if we were ok, or get us water, or anything a happy waiter does. Horrible service, food.

We've been here many times.. and usually love the menu.. the dinner menu is far superior to the brunch menu which is greasy, fatty. 

Hope this was just an off-night for Prohibition.
My first visit to the "Prohibition Taproom" was the night after a Yelp night at Punch Line Philly.

The kitchen at Prohibition Taproom stays open till ~1am on the weekends, and I was starving- as always, when Nando F. my partner-in-crime suggested we hit the "Prohibition Taproom" for an after party - chill out. Eight of stayed there till closing time, we had too many cold ones, and there's no such as too many -I KNOW!
I got the classic burger. It was simple, yet delicious. Nando, generously, ordered some Manhattan bourbon glazed donuts for the table. The donuts were beyond awesome. 
I loved the vibe of this gastropub, and the service was great.

I'll definitely be back to enjoy the brunch.
Four Yelps
It's a bar, it's old, it's laid out funny with parts of the bar not reachable by the bartenders.  And there are tables, and it seems there is room for more tables.  It was Friday night and it was pleasantly crowded.  And the crowd was pleasant, mostly 22 to 30 year olds, until I hauled my old ass up to a stool.  A list of specials and draft beers hanging over the bar on a blackboard, were in addition to the beer and food menus.

I had a cask hand pumped Hoppy lil Hudson, a very good English IPA from Yards.  There was a real nice selection to chose from.  We started with the battered and fried string beans.  Someone here said they could eat them all night, I agree.  We had a cauliflower with coconut curry cream, a super side dish we dubbed as an app and cleaned the plate

The grilled cheese of the day was Jack cheese with truffle mashed potatoes ON the sandwich, my dog it was excellent, especially when the server suggested we add bacon to it.  The other choice was the brined pork sandwich.  It was so good and a nice kick to it.  The bread pudding for dessert just topped off this very special find in a semi-deserted neighborhood on north 13th Street.

I love finding places like this, thanks to my YELP friends. :-)
I have to say I feel a little odd reviewing Prohibition because most of my time there was a good blur, and Dave H. has the photo's to prove it. We went there for a gathering after the last Elite Event, and for the first time in a loooong time the fun filled theme of the night caught up with me. But after piecing together some of those photos, and talking about the evening with Tom and Jenna during the Yelp Anniversary I can only sum up that Prohibition certainly delivered a fun time.

There weren't any flappers or mobsters, but there was an awesome wooden decor, a long list of beers to try, and the supercool neon marker that said Bar outside. Brendan was a great bartender who made sure that we were treated right every step of the way. Not to bad for a bar that's only been around for a month.
This hole-in-the-wall pub is usually empty (I go during weeknights, can't vouch the crowds on weekends), but don't be fooled!  Its amazing!  I've been here for numerous happy hours, the staff is so friendly and remembers who you are.  They have ever-changing selection of beers on tap, and a huge selection of bottles.  Street parking is very easy, since this is not in the center city crowded area of Philly.

The Herb Provolone Polenta Fries here are the best I've ever eaten.  The beer battered green beans are also a favorite, and the hummus is amazing!  I've eaten the pulled pork sandwhich which is also delicious.  I've never had full entree here, because I always go for beers & appetizers.  

I wish I could give a 4.5 stars -- It doesn't get 5 because its a little small for my liking, and I like a more "hoppin" place so I don't get bored, but if you like beer & chillin out, then go here!  They also have several flat screen TV's in case you want to watch a game here.  Chill crowd, doesn't usually get too rowdy.
I went to the Prohibition Taproom for the first time tonight, and I don't have anything but good reviews. The first thing that impressed me was their beer selection. They didn't offer too many beers, but what they had was pretty rare. My boyfriend and I enjoyed two Lost Coast Indica IPAs, which I thought were discontinued. At least I know the bottles were at some point. Either they just sell it in kegs now or they resurrected the beer completely. Anyway, it's an amazing IPA, and I was blown away that this place had it on tap. My second beer was a Rogue Brutal Bitter, which is fairly rare to see on tap. Both beers were delicious. We went for happy hour, so all draughts and well drinks were $1 off. Their prices are reasonable: my Indica was $4.50 with $1 off, so $3.50. Very reasonable. 

Their other beers on tap included Weyerbacher Fireside Ale (granted, Weyerbacher is probably my least favorite brewery, but at least it's something different); Brooklyn Blunderbuss (a stab at an English Strong Ale... it smelled like caramel but ended up tasting all right, and not nearly as sweet as it smelled... also a pretty rare beer to see on tap); the typical Philadelphia New Bold IPA (at least it has 6.5%...); Ballast Point Wahoo Wheat (a beer I have yet to taste, but I'm not really a wheat fan); Sly Fox O'Reilly's Stout (I lived in Phoenixville for three years and enjoyed this stout all the time... comparable, if not [dare I say] better than, Guinness; and Dogfish Head Aprihop (which I've had before, but is just ehhh). They had a hand-pump as well, featuring Lagunitas Hairy Eyeball, which is a pretty damn good beer. My boyfriend and I split the Beer-Battered Green Beans, and they were really delicious.

As for atmosphere, the Prohibition Taproom really nailed it. The light is mellow and low, but not so low that you can't see where you're going. The music is at a reasonable volume, and I easily carried on a conversation the whole time. They have a jukebox, too, with a great selection! I enjoyed drinking my beer while listening to "Born Under Punches". And they had an old jukebox, not one of the digital ones you see all over the place now. 

The place only opened in late October, but still, it was very clean. The bathroom was near immaculate... probably the cleanest bar bathroom I've seen yet in Philly. There were cool candles made out of beer bottles. I like to see a display of craftsmanship at a bar. :)

The only thing I found to be not quite up to par was their bottle selection. I desire a lot of IPAs and a lot of stouts, and they just didn't have that. Of course, I had what I liked on tap, so I didn't need to resort to bottles, but for take-out purposes, I'd like a little more variety.

Last, but certainly not least, was the bartender that was serving us. She was awesome! We conversed with her pretty much the entire time we were there, and she was down to earth and knowledgeable about beer. She even covered one round of our beers because she wanted us to come back. Now that's cool in my book. I will make this my regular watering-hole for sure.
We stopped by for dinner tonight around 8:30, and stood in the doorway for five minutes before deciding to give up and head elsewhere. Even seeing several staff members, not one person acknowledged us; not even a smile or hello. Yes it was busy, but not to the point of ignorance.

We ended up walking to northern liberties for dinner.

It's a shame,  considering we live so close to Prohibition.
I love this place. It's a little out of the way, but worth the trip. Arriving you'll notice the classic neon arrow bar sign. Perfect way to find it on an unassuming block. Inside you'll find a great dimly lit bar with it's own unique shape lit up by the coolest hanging light bulbs. 

The food is delicious. I have been stuck on my mainstay --- the french onion soup and the beer battered string beans. The french onion soup is made with SlyFox's O'Reilly Stout. Honestly I think it is the best french onion I've EVER had. Recently I ventured outside of my norm and got their burger special -- eggs benedict style. Delicious! 

The beer list is superb, one of the best around in my opinion as far as the individual beers chosen.

The staff is wonderful as well - extremely friendly and willing to make suggestions, but also extremely knowledgeable of the beer - which is high on my checklist.

What else can I say, I love this bar.. and every time I go there it makes me think how I wish I lived closer to it.
At around 12:45 a.m. on a recent night out, it was decided that one more drink was necessary, along with some bar food.  Since I was the driver that evening (cue shock and awe), our fate was in my hands.  I tried to think of a location that would have both ample street parking and a quick and easy route to the bridge.  Prohibition Taproom came to mind.

The bar and furnishings were dark and mostly made of wood.  A string of old-fashioned looking lights hung above the bar, and they would dim a little on occasion, which I loved.  A DJ played some serious jams that were heavy on the gangsta rap.  It had been a while since I'd heard Easy E, Dre and Ice Cube and I was digging it wholeheartedly.  Everything flowed perfectly with the old school, moody vibe.  

We sat down at the bar and asked if the kitchen was still open.  It was maybe five after 1 at this point, and the bartender took a look at the clock and told us that everything in the kitchen gets turned off at 1.  There were no ifs, ands or buts, and no offers to see if there was anything that could be done.  For a new bar trying to make it in a recession, I found this response to be pretty off-putting.  I got over it when I looked at the beer list, though.  One glance at the words Blanche de Bruxelles, and I knew that Prohibition Taproom would soon become one my spots.  Next time, I'm coming earlier so I don't miss the kitchen cut-off.
Why 5 stars? Because this was a very memorable experience.

   ---   ---   ---

Dinner with 5 CM's - though it took an inordinate amount of time to ultimately decide on Prohibition Taproom, we ended up at the right place. There's no better folks in the world to eat with. It's actually weird to NOT order a bunch of things and share them all. I can't even imagine one of them saying, "nah, I'd rather order my own dish... sharing weirds me out."

We sat down and promptly went through our selections with our very friendly server...

Roll Mops: Unique, and though the reviews at our table were mixed, I actually really liked them.

Mac-N-Cheese: Very solid mac.

Smoked Beef Fat Popcorn: You know how popcorn is generally really addicting? Imagine adding beef fat to it. Yeah.

Assorted pickled vegetables: Exactly what it sounds like. I could have done without this one.

Wild Mushroom Gratin: Another unique dish, and one that I would order again.

Pork Belly & Cheddar Potato Skins: Much like the popcorn, this was one of those things that seems simple enough, and it probably is, but it's also incredibly addicting.

Steak Tartare Sliders: Easily my favorite thing we ordered. The only bad thing about sharing food is that I wish I could have had at least 4 of these by myself. 

Overall, I really enjoyed Prohibition Taproom. It manages to combine grungy + modern in a really perfect way. But most importantly, the folks in the kitchen know, as the kids say, "what's up." 

I'm hip, I'm with it.
I took a photo of the menu so I could remember all the toppings on the massive hot dog I ordered here a couple weeks ago.

Let's see. So it was bacon-wrapped with guac, salsa verde, chipotle aioli, and pico de gallo. The menu has also reminded me that it was a "kobe beef jumbo" dog. Sooo basically, it was out of this world. It also came with a heaping portion of fries. There was no way I could finish everything. At all.

It was a special, so I don't know if they have it anymore, but that plate, along with the relaxed vibe of this place and the excellent beer choices (hello Weyerbacher Sunday Morning Stout!), makes me want to return again soon.
Ok, so I am proof that even when there is a large sign that says "BAR" and points directly at the bar in question, it can still be hard to find.  Of course, I was also driving down 12th St, instead of 13th, so that may have had something to do with it.  Once we figured out where we were going, it really was impossible to miss, both because of the sign, and the fact that in a three block radius of this bar, there is nothing but burnt out buildings and meth labs.  

Once you find it, you'll be pleasantly surprised.   Not only did we get two prime parking spaces (right out front) where, had our cars gotten broken into, at least we would have known immediately, but we also walked into a bar on a Thursday night that wasn't super full, loud, or obnoxious, and got prime seats at the bar.  

The bartender was attentive and knew her beers.  She was pretty good at describing the beers so that they sounded really good.  Mostly, they were, too.  They have a nice draft list as well as a sizable and perhaps random bottle list.  The food was super plentiful.  I expected less for my money, but the bellyache that came with eating too much greasy food in a short period of time was also free.  We had the mussels (which were good), the beer battered green beans (which were about as far from healthy as green beans can possibly get, but super yummy), and the grilled cheese special.   I've never eaten anywhere where there was a grilled cheese of the day, so this was new and exciting.  Our grilled cheese had bacon and apples in addition to cheese.  It was good and came with a side salad and fries.  

I definitely had the feeling that this is a neighborhood bar, and, since the only bars in my neighborhood are super sketchy, I may adopt it as my own.  It certainly makes for a nice, relaxing place to have a few drinks with friends.  Oh, and the bar itself is the coolest thing I've seen in a long time, even if it might not be the most practical way to set up a bar.  I'm still confused how the people at the ends get their drinks, so maybe next time I'll sit at an end and find out...
Nice, old school space with a long bar. It reminded me of some places I've been out west, which might be a little strange in the heart of Philadelphia. 

Not too loud at all - conversations were easy and a lot of the patrons were doing just that. There's a jukebox, so maybe it cranks up later in the evening. We were there pretty early. 

Great service from several people working behind the bar. 

Several beers on tap including a local CCCCC IPA, which was solid. Not many wines, though.

Small menu but very good food. The elote (corn) is quite good, as was the cucumber(?) salad. But the brat plate was the star. Wonderful brat, German potato salad, sauerkraut, pretzel and a hot salsa/relish. Best brat plate ever. Served on a cool wood board.

Prohibition is located in or near a somewhat dicey neighborhood, at least to this non-resident's eye. I may very well be wrong about that. We had to walk a trashy, pissy street past what seemed like skid row coming from the hotel on Race St. If it was later at night we might have chosen not to walk back.
I'm not sure how I've passed by Prohibition Taproom so many times before and never stopped in. Last Friday night my friend's birthday party prompted my first visit. My experience was for drinks only, but other members of the party had food and seemed to enjoy themselves. 

The bar was hopping. The bar seats were occupied, most of the tables were full and people were standing in just about every open space. With so many bodies in not too huge of a space it did get pretty hot. Once another group of people left it got a little better. 

I don't recall if there was music or not as the place was pretty loud with conversation. All in all, the vibe of the place was good so I don't really care if there was music in the background. 

I thought the beer list was pretty eclectic. Feeling adventurous, I had sampled my first Nitro Boulder Mojo Risin'. I've never heard of it before but was glad I tried it. 

I look forward to returning and diving into the food menu.
iiiiiiiiiiiii love this bar. I've only been here a few times, twice to pregame while waiting for a table at Cafe Lift, and once to postgame brunch at Cafe Lift and ended up staying for several hours. 

Haven't had the pleasure of trying the food yet but it's definitely on my list. The bartender dude is super friendly and helpful. One of those people that knows when to leave you the fuck alone but is also more than willing to engage in witty banter. 

The beers on tap are all unique and range from low to high %, and the staff knows how to recommend a winner based on your personal taste. 

I just really like the vibe here, it's hard to put into words exactly what I mean. The kind of place that it's easy to lose track of time in. Gotta come here yourself and I'm sure you'll see what I mean!
As with the prohibition movement, the Prohibition Taproom can be considered a leader in beer bar excellence in Philadelphia. Thankfully it's the opposite of the prohibition and beverages are flowing.

Since my last review, I've been back a handful of times. I've now got some major learnings under my belt:

1) Their draft list and bottle list is always great. There's a variety of local, regional and national brews. 

2) Their beer events are great, whether it be for beer week or other times of the year.

3) The food is also great. Unfortunately, due to the size of the space, it's a little hit or miss to get a table. Bufad is down the street if you don't mind forgoing the bar for a BYOB. 

4) When it's crowded, it's crowded. I actually like the place a little better during off times. 

While a little off the beaten path, it's worth the trip once you get there.
Shazam!

Wow I really liked this place.  I went out with some friends to catch the *LCS games and Prohibition Taproom was the selection.  I'm so happy we came here.

Very original bar layout.  When I first walked in my comment was, "oh this place is small."  Alas, I was incorrect!  It's not that I found another room, their bar juts out thus allowing for a more social setting while sitting at the bar.  Chairs are around each of these peninsulas which allows for extra seating.  Points for the cool bar layout although I'm sure it makes a little hell for the staff having to slide everything.  Maybe skip the soup :)

The green beans were delicious.  Garlic dipping sauce on the side and lighly battered and quickly fried.  Almost tempora style.  I got to taste the special burger (blue cheese, red wine reduction, arugula on ciabatta) and the special grilled cheese, I believe it was brie and figs.  I also tasted the mac and cheese which was made with shells and I don't think contained gruyere which I always thought was necessary in good mac and cheese.  It seems they might have proven me wrong!  The highlight was certainly the grilled cheese.  Brie and figs, cmon, how could that be bad?

Beer wise, I was very impressed with the selection.  I got the Hoppy Lil Buddy (or something like that) off the cask and it was very tasty.  Other members of my group drank the Left Hand Warrior and the Rt 113 IPA.  The draft list was printed in a weird font which made it tough to read in the dimly lit bar, but that's no biggie.

I wanna go back to this place already.  It was really really good.
Just maybe the best burger I have eaten in the Philadelphia area. 

Food has always been consistently delicious, beer selection is awesome, staff is friendly.

It is a great spot to hit before or after seeing a show at the Union Transfer.

Price depends on how much you like to drink and what you like to drink.

Excellent jukebox selection of music.
2 Checkins here thus far August 2014.
My daughter lives in the neighborhood and this is a great place for the 2 of us. We both found things to like about it. I must confess the history lover in me was initially  attracted to the name referencing times past as well as the art deco "BAR" sign above the door. Passed it many times in the winter, vowing to try. Glad we did.

Most recent visit was dinner on a Monday night with a summer blonde ale and the beer battered green beans. Kudos to previous reviewers for the headsup. They were phenomenal.  We also had the french onion soup with showstring fries which were very good.
Both times the service was friendly and attentive.

Don't just consider this a local taproom. The menu is varied and good and worth a drop in. We will be back.
I never order a burger at a restaurant, unless it's some place like Village Whiskey or PYT and the like. HOWEVER, I did last night.
Check it:
-arugula
-gruyere
-fried egg
-truffle oil
How  could you NOT order that burger? It was ridiculous. Messy, but worth it.

Other reasons Prohibition rules:
-good beer (obv)
-great music (if you're an avid reader of mine, you'll note that this is a recurring theme)
-somewhat close to my apt.

The end.
Its been a while since I've seen you, PT. This time for brunch I was equally impressed.  

Highlights- 
The brunch rice bowl with pork belly was out of this world.  I would eat it every day. Tons of veggies, lots of flavor, the sauce was amazeballs and the porkbelly was tender and rich. Oh and the crowing jewel - the fried egg on top. AAhhh! Heaven.
The bloody marys- good morning/afternoon, Philadelphia! These bad boys are served with smoked, Yes- SMOKED, olives and they stole the show. I'd bottle those suckers up and eat them throughout the day if i could.  Please, put these lil jawns as a side plate option. I can't stop thinking about them.
Service- spectacular as always. 

Another sucessful visit to PT, two years later! :)
Ascended broad to venture north of vine with the only companion I trusted would be willing to do so to give this place a try for happy hour a few nights ago. Two broads on broad. 

If you and/or your companion are as entertaining as me and/or tinasaurus you might just walk a block or two too far north. Eeks. 

This place is the one with the giant neon arrow enclosing the word "BAR" outside. 

The bar is long with plenty of seats and intermittent bar out-pouchings. These bar tentacles allow you to sit at the bar but also face your companion. Interesting and pivotal innovation. 

On this particular occasion we elected to be conventional and sat at the regular bar. We were provided menus. I had to ask specifically for a happy hour menu to receive one, somewhat manipulative imo. 

The happy hour prices are good. I believe $7 gets you the one happy hour cocktail they're offering. For my visit it was a brandy beverage. Dark liquors scream subsequent nausea to me so I usually pass. Luckily there were about 4 $4 beers on the happy hour menu. 

The most appealing choice was the Oktoberfest offering. Unfortunately they had not received the shipment yet. This begs the question of why on God's earth they would put this on the happy hour menu if it was not in their possession. 

Second best option was the nitro. My patience was tested while I waited for that shit to settle. Tinasaurus ordered a cider off the regular menu.  

The growling from the depths of our bowels indicated it was time to order food. (when is it not, tho?) Happy hour menu has some interesting and enticing options. We ultimately went with the hummus with veggies and flatbread (for health reasons) and fries (for emotional reasons). 

So the hummus is served with a black bean/garlic sauce on top, cucumbers, pickled carrots and some other shit including two giant green balls that may either be olives or grapes. I'm going to real here, as hummus' #1 fan, I was very disappointed in this. It just wasn't that good. It didn't taste much like genuine hummus. That black sauce on top was weird. Texture wasn't as smooth as it should be. I guess if you're looking for the real stuff it would be better to head over to dizengoff or zahav.

Fries, on the other hand, spectacular. One of the best I've had in memory. Thin AF, crispy and they didn't get lazy with the seasoning.  Fries accompanied by this delicious garlic creamy white sauce. Tina ate the shit out of it. I chose to alternate between that, ketchup, and sriracha dollops. 

Drink menu on the regular menu has tons of options. For my second beverage I chose this peach blueberry or some other fruit combo beer. Delicious. 

We did have to wait a hot minute for service even though we were legit sitting right in front of the face of the bartender. Bartender was nice though. 

I was also eyeing the mac and cheese some people sitting at the end of one of the bar tentacles ordered. The food here looks legit af, I would definitely come back to try some of their other stuff.
Came here on a Wednesday night. Chill spot, low key. Nice ambience, good for dates. After dinner drink, etc. They have really good sours that I've never tried before. Overall, really enjoyed it! Nicole & Shaun were attentive. Thanks Nicole for serving us!
If you're looking for a neighborhood bar where the food is good and they've got craft beers on offer, look no further than Prohibition Tap Room. Located near Bufad Pizza and Cafe Lift, Prohibition Tap Room can hold its own as well.

There are plenty of comfy bar stools and several tables as well. It's a dive in the best sense of the word. 

Bourbon County Stout [$10.50]
Aged Imperial Stout, Goose Island Beer Co, IL 

As soon as I saw that Bourbon County Stout was on offer here, I was sold. Rich, creamy, with a subtle bitterness and chocolate on the finish, this makes for great drinking.

Spring Garden [$9]
Tanqueray gin, basil, grapefruit, lemon, sugar  

The GF was in a cocktail kind of mood so went with their Spring Garden cocktail - sweet, tart, with nice basil undertones.

Corn Chowder [$6] 

They had a corn chowder special which we opted for. Rather than a cream-based broth, this was clean, with great corn flavor, which I appreciated. Whole chunks of potatoes had nice bite, with plenty of corn and ham studded throughout. There was some depth here. It was served with some crisp, buttery bread.  

Poutine [$9]
House-cut fries, shredded beef gravy, melted cheese curds

The poutine was a decent iteration, showcasing crisply, thin house-cut fries.  The beef gravy wasn't overly heavy, and bits of melted cheese curds helped to create a good bite. Could have used more curds and gravy though. 

Mixed Green Salad [$10]
Baby lettuce, cherry tomatoes, radish, pickled red onion, Millwood Springs blue cheese, toasted walnuts, red wine vinaigrette 

The GF enjoyed her salad, which was well-dressed. The pickling of the red onions offered some sweet acidity along with the red wine vinaigrette, which balanced the funky blue cheese nicely. The walnuts and fresh radish helped to add some texture to each bite.

Burger [$13]
100% grass-fed beef, Amish cheddar, Bibb lettuce, onion rings

I'm normally not a big fan of grass-fed beef, but this was the butteriest version I've ever tasted. The Amish cheddar was nicely sharp and the onion ring added some extra heft to each juicy bite. This was accompanying by well-seasoned and crisp fries.

So if you're in the area, don't hesitate to check out Prohibition Tap Room. They make a mean burger and they curate some good brews!
i ended up in this bar the first time by accident.  i saw the giant neon sign from far down the street and thought to myself "yeah, i could use a beer." so i went to check it out.  and i can honestly say that if this bar were pretty much ANYWHERE else in center city, it would be packed all the damn time.  

the tap list is always interesting and reasonably priced, and the beer bottle list is comprehensive and the menu actually goes out of it's way to explain each style of beer it offers.  if you are starting to explore the world outside of mass produced lagers and pilsners, this is a great bar to check out.  they have lots of options, and they are more than happy to help you find something you are going to enjoy.

the only food I've ever ordered so far is the battered green beans.  they are a really wonderful bar snack, and an order is HUGE! although i can certainly put away some food, I've never once been able to finish them by myself. 

the bartenders have always been seriously friendly, and not in that forced "this is my job and so I'm pretending to like you" kind of way. just genuinely nice people who have always had an answer to any question i've had and can make decent recommendations for drinks.
Prohibition Taproom is from the  owners of Caf Lift and Bufad. The space is open and clean and outfitted with retro-funky black leather barstools, filament bulb lighting fixtures and nice vintage jukebox. The menu includes a solid tap list of domestic microbrews and hundreds of bottles, along with some really solid and diverse comfort bar foods.

We started with the crab fritters. These were similar to a crab hushpuppy and not greasy at all. There are not too many foods much better then Crab and fried bread! I had the Burger which is 100% grass fed local beef, butchered & ground at Kensington Quarters topped with a 6yr. Rustic cheddar, lettuce, & onion stout jam on a Snowflake bun. This cheese and bun were excellent and the burger was juicy. My daughter had the  Kielbasa & Pierogies - House smoked Polish sausage served with our potato pierogies, sauerkraut, and hot mustard. That was really good also. For dessert we had the the Pumpkin Tres Leches. The sauce and brittle were fantastic.

Callowhill is really changing and becoming a cool and funky neighborhood.
So, whenever I'm in the city visiting friends I always somehow end up stopping into Prohibition.  We love the atmosphere and the drink selections.  The staff has always been really freindly and helpful.  The food has also been consistently good.  This time I went on the recommendation of Michelle (Cupcake) to get the green beans.  Yup, grean beans.  Who woulda thunk it?  But those damn things were really tasty with a sweet cucumber dip that you could spoon out alone and gobble up.  The burger was cooked just as we had asked, medium rare, and was quite tasty although slightly a little salty (but not too bad).  The skinny fries (for lack of a better word) were also nice and crispy.  I am definitely a big fan.
Nice beer selection, but not massive like, say, Memphis Tap Room. Depends on what kind of beer dork / snob you are.

Chicken Tacos and tortillas were right on...not overtly spicy.

Fun atmosphere, esepcially when it got crowded.

Friendly staff that won't put you off.

Large bar with 2 camel hump excursions that seat like six people.

Dark but not seedy.

$1 jukebox plays 3 songs.

Bathroom: clean.

Crowd is mixed. Old dudes in for a quick pint, but mainly 20s - 30s.

You cannot miss the signage = massive neon "BAR" sign pointing at the place.
Last night I finally went to THE INSTITUTE for the first time (exactly three blocks away) and realized how much better a neighborhood bar could really be (see separate review).

I live a half-block from Prohibition and was a cheerleader for the place when it opened, but Prohibition doesn't seem to know what it wants to be.  you never knew what will be on draft (if you find a beer you like, drink up, when they run out it will be gone) - or on the jukebox - or on the menu - any given day.   

I ordered Irish car bombs with friends once.  Tried to order them again a week later but the manager swooped in on the bartender to tell us that Prohibition does not serve car bombs!  

Prohibition doesn't seem to know if it wants to be an upscale eatery (in which case the overall menu, service and atmosphere fall far short) or a neighborhood bar (in which case "mussels cooked in ale" and "frisse salad with truffle vinagaette" seem pretentous and out of place).  As a result, it doesn't really do either very well.
Really nice neighborhood bar that also serves good food. The decor gives you dive bar, but it is actually very big inside with a lot of space. Very clean inside with large indoor and outdoor dining. Service was fast, attentive and very kind! 

My bf and I came for happy hour, which is from 4-7pm! They do offer the citywide special during HH. We ordered the popcorn chicken and it was very good and different. I couldn't figure out what was inside the carter sauce, but the chicken had a lot of good seasoning on it. Not spicy whatsoever.

We also ordered the autumn kale salad and fried chicken sandwich. Both entrees I would highly recommend and would order again! I loved the goat cheese, squash and pear in my salad. Everything tasted great! The fried chicken sandwich was cooked perfectly and was also huge. A lot of different flavors going on and the milk bun topped it off.

Very cool and easy neighborhood bar serving great food!
When I came here for the first time, it was pouring down rain and I wasn't quite sure where it was...thankfully there is a giant red neon sign announcing the BAR. 

Inside, it's dark and cozy, with bare old timey lightbulbs, a long, curvy, attractive bar, and a really good jukebox. I could see myself spending lots of time here. 

Maybe it was the weather, but the place was at a comfortable half-full level on a Saturday evening. Our server was super nice and it kind of felt like we had bumped into a friend who just happened to be taking orders and bringing out beer that night.

The beer list is solid, with a lot of the usual suspects and some rarer options as well - I was happy to see Fuller's London Pride, which might be the all-time most perfect summer beer, and Hobgoblin on the bottle list, and they have a good range of things on draft.

The beer-battered green beans really are as good as Yelp says! We should've ordered more. I've never met a mac n cheese I didn't like, but this one had a gluey texture that put me off a bit. My grilled cheese had delicious roasted fennel and pesto on it, and my friends liked their burgers, veggie and beef. This is all fairly standard nice-bar food, but you can sit down with a beer and a satisfying meal for under $15.
..... So after our adventure at Dim Sum where my girlfriend overflowed the toilet (lol!) we ran into the bathroom at Prohibition and relieved ourselves (ahhhhhhhhhhh).

Anyway, Prohibition is a great bar.  The atmosphere is nice and cosy and I love the bump outs on the bar that maximize the coziness you feel when your sitting there with a bunch of friends ( I think Sam was feeling my leg but don't tell Elisha).  

No really, this bar in any other happening part of Philly would be packed the gills, but because it's tucked away in a out of the way section of Philly it doesn't get the attention it deserves (but don't worry yourselves just keep packing it in at your little hipster bars and leave the real gems to the people willing to venture out of their little comfort zone).  

The beer selection here is tremendous and I found the staff to be really friendly.  I wasn't hungry, thanks to Dim Sum and Sam's dessert treat, so I didn't get a chance to explore the menu.  I'm definitely a fan and I'll be back hopefully with the same group and maybe we can get some of you to break off of the grid and stray away from hipster bars and try this local little joint that is packed with personality.  

I love the "Good for kids" part of the question after the review...... who cares should be an option.
Small town feel bar and taproom off the beaten path in Philly. Prohibition Taproom plays to its name with ambiance and decor and offers interesting takes on bar food. The beer list includes craft beer heavily from local breweries. The food is well prepared and service was pleasant. Only downside is it is a very dark (lighting wise) establishment. Burgers are delicious and if you can make it between 5-7pm their happy hour specials are great deals.
I live down the street from this place, so one of these stars might just be due to the fact that they frequently save my ass from the dead zone that is the loft district. That being said, content is king, and I wouldn't keep coming back no matter how close it is if the place was terrible. 

As most people have noted, its never overly busy so going in is never stressful. The barkeeps are all quick to acknowledge you, and getting something in front of you within minutes of entering isn't a problem. They have a good menu, everything I've eaten here has been a pleasant surprise and that doesn't even include the fried green beans since I haven't tried them yet. You can't ask much more out of a beer menu, and you can get a decent cocktail as well. 

The only thing that seems off to me is the space. Something in the decor lacks character. That atmosphere just doesn't seem inviting enough. The room feels very sparse and just makes me uncomfortable like I couldn't spend an entire evening there. Maybe it just hasn't had time to wear in yet.

To end on a positive note, the jukebox always cheers me up, and seeing that iconic sign above the entrance every day brings up the quality of the whole neighborhood.
I used to frequent ProTap religiously about two years ago. It was very under the radar and they had a very impressive beer menu. It's the perfect spot to catch a bite and drink before seeing a show at The Union Transfer. My visits got less and less because things seemed to be changing. Not sure why, but there beer list dwindled about half in size and the food was just becoming meh. It was extremely disheartening to the point where I lost sight of this place and chose other bars to pregame at. With that being said I'm happy to announce I'm fully back on the ProTap bandwagon. 

I was meeting up with a friend two weeks ago and he actually suggested to come here. I was a little reluctant because of said problems above ^, but when I arrived everything seemed back to normal. The beer list is back! Not as extensive, but plenty of options. I went with the Avery Liliko'i Kepolo and enjoyed it a lot! They also have great looking cocktails. 

Now, the food. Everything is just so great. Do yourself a favor and start yourself off with the beer-battered green beans. Crunchy and delicious! My husband and I ordered the chicken sandwich and it came with fries. The portion was huge and the fries were awesome. The sandwich came with a spicy mayo that was to die for! Our friend ordered the pork belly grilled cheese and he loved it as well.

Happy to know that I'll be becoming a regular again.
We hit up the Prohibition Taproom on Friday for some food and cocktails.  We wanted something local and casual and PTR fit that bill. I'm not a huge beer drinker but I did have something good and my husbadn seemed pleased.  It was kind of hard to read the dimly lit chalkboard and they weren't listed in the menu.  Maybe they could put some lights on the board to make it more readable.  

We had the green bean fries which were excellent.  Perfect bar food and not overly greasy.  He had the pork sandwich and was very pleased.  I got the burger and honestly the burger was great but the bun was like a sourdough roll or something else really hard and it was hard for me to bite.  But I just ate most of it with a fork which didn't bother me.  

It is SUCH a great addition to the hood and it was full by the time we left so obviously it was an underserved area.  They have a jukebox!  And it was awesom!.  I am partial to early/mid-90's hip-hop so I was super excited to hear a little Warren G. and Dr. Dre while sipping my cocktail.  I don't think my husband was too embarrased.  Parking should be okay too since its a wierd location.
i throw my support behind this place. i love the lighting, the weird bar that shoots out the two big polyps for sitting around, the jukebox and the food. though i am obsessed with the green beans, hoisin wings and the mac and cheese to the point that i only order these each time. the mac and cheese is one of the best in the city, with some nice smoky cheese in there and though it may not be on the menu, you can order it as a side, which is a perfect match for the wings. my partner in crime loves the burger and has also been pleased with the grilled cheese. she also usually orders the gin and berry cocktail which is very tasty, while i stick to their great draft list.

the bartenders are very nice and it is reasonable to boot. i am not crazy about the location since i live in southish philly and it is a bit of a haul. but a very pleasant walk when the weather is nice. also there is nothing else around there, so it is a single destination evening usually for me.
The Prohibition Taproom just opened and it's giving the residents of a shady neighborhood some place to drink and get their grub on.  

The big glowing BAR arrow outside was kind of cool.  The bar had these spur off tables coming off it which simultaneously gave more places to sit at the bar but less room in which to order you drinks. 
 
My only complaint so far is that the food closes way too early.  I went at quarter of 11 and they made a last call for food already.  They also did last call kind of early for a Friday night as well, but I can guess since it was only it's second Friday open that probably had something to do with it.

I would definitely go again, but I am not sure about walking down rape alley--the two blocks from my apartment at 13th and Vine to this place (past a homeless shelter on a not well lit street)--alone.
I went here randomly the other night, after stumbling around from another bar. The big "BAR" sign is wonderfully placed, as many people have already attested to. Be aware, however, that this place has "gentrification" written all over it. Local beers from Philadelphia and beyond are on tap. The coolest traditional CD-player jukebox I've ever seen was resting in the corner, featuring only artists from the early 90s and forward. The lighting is romantic, dark, hollow and welcoming. The bartender who served my friends and I was definitely friendly and gave us information on the beer. The place is a bit pricey, but it's well worth it. What kind of people were in this place? Younger and older, a good mix. Nobody was loud and obnoxious, at least noticeably (the noise-folk music playing in the background kept all the parties pretty detached from one another). I'm not sure if there's a food menu, but I wouldn't be surprised. Oh yeah--the bathrooms are some of the nicest I've seen in a bar in a very long time. Also, though in great walking distance from the subway, this bar is nicely tucked into a back corner where parking shouldn't be a problem.
Great food, great beer, completely awful service.

I've had decent experiences here in the past. The food is good and on par with the rest of the Philly gastropub scene. On a cold night in winter, the french onion soup is downright therapeutic. The beer selection is large and they always have multiple great brews on tap.

Why am I giving this place two stars? Its staff. My girl and I came early on a Saturday evening, placed an order at the bar, and were straight-up ignored. Twenty minutes later, I saw our bartender at the end of the bar obliviously sipping on a drink. Useless. Maybe the management sent all of their first stringers up to help Bufad get up and running. I'll be steering clear until they get their house in order.
Great service. Solid burgers. Good spot to grab a drink and have some comfort food. Would also recommend their calamari.
I stopped in here recently with some friends after a Yelp Elite Event.

The vibe in this place is awesome. It has a great dive bar feel and isn't too fussy and not too "hipstery." The layout ensures plenty of bar seating. The bartender we had was efficient and friendly, and there was a great rotating beer selection.

The one thing that really stands out is the food. The lamb grilled cheese in particular was life-changing. I will return just because of that. 

The prices were a little bit on the higher end, but that's to be expected for the high quality of food and beverages served here.
This place was pretty good, the decor inside is super simple but with an odd bar that has little jutted out sections which is neat. Other than that, and the large wooden bar, its simply tables and chairs and totally unassuming. It seems like the type of place that anyone can go to and feel comfortable at. 

I just stopped in for one beer and a snack, (I mostly just wanted to try the fried green beans everyone had been talking about) and I'm glad I did! I had pliny the elder on draught for 6 bucks, and it was worth every penny. There's a good reason it's in beer advocate's top 10 in the list of best beers. My boyfriend got the sierra nevada belgian trippel, it was good as well.

And yeah, the fried green beans were AMAZING. So good, I could eat 50 more plates of it. 

The staff were super friendly as well. 


The only thing that bothered me was so many things on the chalkboard that touted what draught and bottle selection they had, were misspelled... haha. Sierra Navada Belgian Tripple... it made me giggle, not a big deal though. Definitely didn't put a damper on the experience.
My first experience with the Prohibition Taproom was my housemate Jonny telling me that messed up his drink order and that he was not impressed. Despite that, I wanted to try out this new place.

Before I even walked in, I was greeted by an awesome sign pointing out the business. It's a simple neon red sign that tersely states "BAR." I like it a lot. Once inside, I was loving the atmosphere. The bar is really great, as you can kind of see in this picture. It runs the length of the room, but also has a few peninsulas. The result is that you can sit at the bar and be across from whoever you are with, which is a great feature.

As far as beer goes, PT does not disappoint. There are about ten beers on draft. Further, the choices represent a well thought out variety of brews. PT also supplies a nice bottle list as a supplement. I had the Dogfish Head Aprihop and Brooklyn Brewery Blunderbuss and enjoyed both beers.

I can seriously recommend to anyone to go to Prohibition Taproom for one reason: deep-fried green beans. This phenomenal appetizer is a great way to start your meal and comes with a nice aioli. The rest of the food was average. Between Lana, J.Mal, and myself, we ordered two burgers and a grilled cheese, and these three dishes were fine, nothing more. I was happy to be full, but the main dishes are the lowest point of the experience.

Friday night this place got a little crazy, with a crowd from art museum area and plenty of "bros." Don't make this your Friday or Saturday night hangout spot.

Bottom Line: I like this new place. It has good atmosphere, beer, and one excellent appetizer. Prohibition Taproom has made it onto my list of bars to regularly visit. The biggest downside are the hours. No lunch, no brunch, and the bar opens at 4pm.
Kinda diggin' this place's outdoor seating. The sound of the rain against the tin roof was .. soothing. It was a great atmosphere for random debates with friends. 

The staff were extremely pleasant and checked in regularly. Overall the experience earned them a solid 3-star with a definite second chance visit. 

Calamari and gnocchi to start. Those went over well. I personally liked the calamari, the sauce balanced nicely but have never been a fan of gnocchi so I will withhold opinion there. 

We ordered the burgers. Which were undercooked when we asked for well. The garlic aioli went great with the fries. The chicken sandwiches did not go over well as neither Amy's A&C's finished them. 

The drinks were okay.. some of the seltzers and the fermented were light enough to get away with not being that great. Steer clear of the hefeweizen, it came of chemical-y.
preconcert stop for beer and dinner. solid beer selection, but minus one star because when my friend and i walked in, the hostess sat us at an open two-top table and then immediately another staffmember asked us to get up because the table was actually for other people. ummm, what? we ARE ordering food.  then they asked us not to order food at the bar because they would get us a table. actually, i'm not an idiot, and i know that means you (server) want the tip. thankfully, the bartenders were attentive and quick, so i was happily sipping something while we waited approx 15 mins for a different table.

still, major uncool points for the mistake.

serrano spread on the pork sandwich was delicious. but the sandwich was a lot larger than i pictured, and i couldnt finish it. didnt want to let a doggy bag cramp my style at the concert after, so the rest went to waste :(

overall, good. it would have been cool to comp something small for the trouble of having us sit down, and then again get up.

final note: definitely get the green beans!
Great beer selection, food and very friendly staff.  

Had an engaging conversation with the GM (Matt?) who was a very cool dude.  Gave me the history of the place and telling me what was good to order.  Made the experience even better.  

I ordered their 'Donkey Cheesesteak' which was a special.  This was superb and a great twist on the Philly Cheesesteak.  I paired this with a Philly Gose beer and it was one of the best meals I had in Philly.

I highly recommend checking this place out.
I've been to Prohibition a few times since my one star review, and I'm sad to say I've had nothing but disappointment here. 

We stopped for brunch one day and it took 45 minutes to get our food.  When it came out, it was cold. Not once did the server apologize, so when the check came I paid and asked to speak to a manager.  Turns out the server was the manager. She was nice enough to refund the money back to my card, and offer a free round of drinks on our next visit.  We haven't been back to cash in on those drinks, and this happened months and months ago.

My previous experiences were just as disappointing.

I wish I could like you, Prohibition, but I've given up.
I love Prohibition Taproom! Great service, very neighborhood/local spot type of feel. Dim, cozy, low-key. 

I loved their gnocchi, mac and cheese, and their hand-cut fries. 

This is a good place to grab a drink with co-workers. It has a chill vibe for conversing and enjoying food/drinks.
i live a block away from this place, yet took nearly a year to venture that long block to what may be my favorite bar in the city. 

the bar is pretty low key, rarely very full, and a decent place to bring friends or a date. the noise level is acceptable with a great jukebox and, in the few times i've been there, douchebros have been minimally invasive. there was one night that some guy was trying to read a book and some dudes were being total assholes right behind him. i mean, it is a bar, so i don't know why anyone would be trying to read there, but these guys were exceptionally annoying. that was an isolated incident, though.

now, i didn't drink beer regularly until a few months ago (i don't really like any of the shitty beers that typically populate college parties, so i'd usually just try and get drunk off of vodka or gin), so i don't know how qualified i am to judge the beer selection. from what i've seen at other bars, prohibition's beer list isn't super extensive, but there's a good variety of beers both on tap and in bottles. the bartenders are nice, attentive, cool folks who know what they're talking about way more than i do.

now, the food is nothing out of the ordinary, but damn it's good. i don't like green beans so i haven't had those beer battered things everyone's having conniptions over. the polenta fries are absolutely perfect: spicy, salty, fried crispy on the outside and velvety on the inside. the aioli that comes along with it makes me want to cry just thinking about how FUCKING GOOD it is. the wings are banging, too: good size, tender meat, extra saucy and a 4/5 on the heat level. i had a burger once, and it was decent, but i won't be having it again.

it's very reasonably priced with most beers on tap being 5 or so dollars. the food is a little more expensive than usual for bar food, but definitely worth it.

and that sign just tops it off. five stars.
I'm surprised at myself for only picking 3 stars - I'm usually an enthusiastic reviewer. I wanted to try this place's root beer float, after reading about it in one of the local alternative weeklies. Yes, it was in a strange place - an area I never go to, but not too difficult to find. The bright "bar" sign really helped! And the room was cool - large, dark and candlelit, huge bar, nice wooden decor. So, it could have been quite cozy. 

I was with two friends who wanted some food, so we grabbed an empty table. My root beer float was excellent, but they are difficult to mess up! (I suggest adding a shot of vanilla vodka to "grow it up" for you. Yum!) My friend's fries were great, and everyone seemed happy with the food - Shepherd's pie and a grilled cheese sandwich. The server was pretty efficient, always checking to see if we needed more drinks and food. We didn't have to wonder where he was, at all. 

Why the 3 stars, you ask? Well, I was seated at a table and trying to talk to my friends, one of them across from me and one next to me. We had a very difficult time hearing each other, due to the deafening sound levels. The jukebox was okay, but just added to the high-decibel din. Too much! I was shouting at them and missing half of what they said. Most of our conversation consisted of "what?" I felt like when I left, it would be like when you left a concert - still shouting at each other with a raw voice. It might be good for dinner, due to the good food and atmosphere - I'm not sure - but Saturday night at 9:30-12:00 is too loud for me.
I have been to Prohibition TR twice now, and both times had a much different experience.  My first visit was after a show at Union Transfer, and PTR was hosting the official afterparty.  That will go down as one of the most fun nights of my life!  The band along with tons of adoring fans were present, the juke box was playing, the beer was great, and the overall atmosphere was just awesome!  I have never eaten here, so I can't speak to the food.  While the beer list isn't as extensive as some other craft beer bars, they always have a great, varied selection & always something on nitro as well.
The last time I went was on a Thursday night, so obviously it was more subdued than my previous adventure.  The beer was still good and the ambiance was more intimate, so I was good!  My only complaint is the bizarre music they play when not utilizing the jukebox.  After last call they blasted some crazy head banger music that I'm pretty sure was meant to send us remaining patrons on our way.  It worked!
All the bartenders - friendly and helpful

Selection of brews- amazing. They had a lot of beers from the west coast and i loved that. Also a lot of great local micro brews. And a hand pump!

Great mixed drinks....try the elderflower sidecar or the gin berry. (My faves)

Not a let's go party bar, but a lets sit down and get our buzz going bar with good people, good music (Jukebox selection roooocks), and good drinks :)
I've been going to the Prohibition for quite a while now and last night I was reminded of why this is easily my favorite bar in the city of Philadelphia. The beer selection is great if you include the bottled offerings. The food is delicious and always really consistent, but the best thing at Prohibition is the bar staff. Last night we had such a good time that the bartender introduced himself to us; his name is John and if he is working you are guaranteed to have a good time!
We stopped in for a beer after dinner. It was my first time at Prohibition Taproom and I was really impressed with this place. A great selection of craft beers on tap and fantastic vibe to the room. The bartender was also extremely knowledgeable about the selections of draft. I can't wait to go back and try the food, it looked really good.
We've been a few times over the years, and it's time for a review.  

I've always loved the space, particularly the unique bar, and I've always found the service to be friendly here.  We ended up at the bar for dinner, and I have to note how perfect our bartender was on this night.  He didn't remind me of the typical bartender (I should have asked for his name, but that unfortunately didn't happen).  His quiet, almost timid demeanor was odd at first, but he was so darn nice and attentive.  He brought multiple beer samples on a crowded night, kept our beers and waters full, and checked in often.

The food matches the decor:  somewhat traditional, unique, and a little quirky.  All of these attributes make for a solid menu.  The burger is very good and they cook it properly to order.  The fried chicken is good (not great) and the sides are excellent.  I'm quite a fan of the peanut butter and jelly french toast, and the grilled cheese sandwiches are all fantastic.

It's a perfect place before a show at Underground Arts or Union Transfer, and I'm a little jealous that I don't live closer (bit of a walk for us).
Not what you expect from the outside. Very chill place with a great beer selection and food. Definitely get the mango wheat and beer battered vegetables (so much better than french fries!) They had awesome food specials such as korean fried chicken with this awesome watermelon salad, bbq brisket sandwich,  crab roll and the list goes on. Their food menu isn't huge but you're bound to find something for everyone!

Located near the Callowhill/Spring Garden area, it's so easy to find parking! I would definitely go back again!
Great spot; it really does have the look and feel of a 20s taproom.  Love the atmosphere.

Extensive beer list both bottled and on draught.  You name, it's probably here plus a few you've never heard of.  I had a Cane and Able (never heard of it) and a Bell's Expedition.  

Menu is interesting and typical gastropub fare, on par with something like North Third, Memphis Tap, or Johnny Brenda's but less expensive.

Service was very good.  Our server was friendly, polite, and knowledgeable about the beer.

I would go here all the time if it were in a different part of town.  Not that I don't like the Spring Garden area, it's just far from my house in Fishtown.  Seems like the Spring Garden area is coming up thanks to places like this and the Institute.
So I like this place. It's straight up, and straight to the point. It feels like a cross between a comfortable neighborhood dive bar...but not as divy, with a gastropub menu...but not as pretentious (ie: a sandwich is a sandwich, not "prosciutto and aged Gruyere harmonized with a spring mix, dressed in light citrus vinaigrette, and pressed into a perfect panini with aesthetically pleasing grill marks.")  I had the hoisin wings, and fried greens.  Good stuff.  

However, with so many places to eat and try in Philly, I've unintentionally developed my own, over analytical, circumstantial, far too detailed rating system.  That being said, this one gets a "I would come back if I were in the neighborhood or if I were craving hoisin wings" rating.  

But I wouldn't necessarily make the trek from afar.
On my way to Delaware we decided to make a pit stop in Philly for lunch and found this bar/restaurant on yelp. I'm glad we came here it was such a cool bar. Loved how much space there was between the bar and the tables. They sat us down and within seconds we got menus and tap water, talk about heat service. 
I ordered the gun shy drink which was delicious and wished I was sticking longer to have more but I didn't have the time. 
I got the fried greek chicken dish which was delicious just a tad on the spicy side for my Taste but all the flavors were combined beautifully. This came which fries which were so good I couldn't stop eating them. 
I also got to try the brick chicken and it was super tender and juicy. 
I was very impressed by the quality of the food and great service here.
What a nice spot to sit outside! Not too crowded, tucked on a quieter street. The wait staff were wearing masks and were very polite. We ordered all the bites on the happy hour menu because why not !!! All delicious! Also got two drinks, the philadelphia punch and the blackberry tart beer, both very tasty! My sister got the watermelon spritz which was also great! I'd come back for another happy hour with friends!
Prices a bit high, but it's philly and it's a nice place so that's what I expected. We tried the fried chicken special they had and it was absolutely delicious. The sides were really good, it was grilled squash and fries then the dipping sauces were tasty. I would probably go back again.
I've had my eye on Prohibition Taproom for a while after thoroughly enjoying Cafe Lift and Bufad, the other ventures by 13th Street Kitchens. We arrived just in time for happy hour, which runs from 5-7 and offers $4 drafts, $6 wine, a $7 cocktail, and a host of $5 snacks. For my meal, I opted for the pork belly grilled cheese, which came with a side of fries. It was BOMB. The pork was tender and delicious, and its flavor was augmented by the smokey bacon it sat on top of. The bread was crunchy, and the cheese was stringy in all the right ways. The fries were thin cut and garlicky. The portion was huge, and I finished every last bite. 

Prohibition Taproom also offers Fried Chicken and Cider Tuesdays, where you can get either a half or a whole chicken from 5 pm to close. After trying a bite of my friend's fried chicken sandwich, which was juicy and delicious, I will definitely have to make a trip back on a Tuesday for that special!

Overall, the service was fast and friendly, except for a small mishap where the server accidentally dropped my friend's credit card on the way to the register without realizing it, and had to scour the restaurant to find it. The incident was resolved quickly, and it won't deter me from visiting again.
I finally was able to get some food at Prohibition Taproom.  I got a macaroni and cheese sidedish and it was really good.  I was afraid it would be the kind that is all breadcrumb-y and it wasn't.  It was full of different flavors of cheeses and I really liked it.
I have always wanted to try the Prohibition Taproom but never had the chance.  One Sunday we were driving by and saw a sign posted outside for brunch, so we decided to give it a try.

I got the chocolate stout waffles and they were really good.  It was basically like eating cake for breakfast.  Plus, you get a free mimosa or bloody mary with any brunch item.

The place was basically empty for brunch, so give it a try before everyone else catches on!
Great selection , Food.  Bit expensive but totally standard for this type of thing.  Super cool super neat , as far as the "rape alley" comment below ( or above )  .  Look , it's really not that dangerous and if you really live down the street put a light weight baton in your coat.  power of a baseball bat and you dont have to get close to the attackers.  Check out this business because i would sure enjoy it alot more if it was a bit more crowded !!!!
I finally got a chance to pop into Prohibition when I had a restaurant reservation in the area. Before then, I had trouble convincing anyone to  hike up there with me ("It's not so far!" just wasn't working). When I finally made it, I found the interior nice, the beer selection pretty good, and the menu tempting. Why just three stars? I'd like to see a few signature cocktails on the menu with a name like "Prohibition." 

If the food I saw coming out of the kitchen is any indication, once I'm actually able to sample the menu I'll likely be able to bump my review up a star.
I can see I'm obviously not the first to find this place, nor the first to think it's wonderful, but I'm so rarely blown over by a bar in gastropub-heavy Philly any more that it bears repeating: It's wonderful.

Being on the service side of the table for many years, I'm extremely sensitive to customer service, and these guys excel at their game. I've had two different bartenders the times I've been (one boy, one girl, both of who offered their names, but for bad memory and potent beers, I can't remember), but each was unobtrusively affable and informative. It's such a pleasure to be at a place where those helping you really seem to care, and aren't just going through the motions of half-smiles and forced pleasantries that make it seem they're doing you the favor of allowing you to tip them. 

You can read the many other posts about the well-curated beer selection, the tasty food and the out of the way (read: comfort zone) location--rest assured that every word is true. The best testament of my love for this place is how far away I live, and how I go out of my way to return time after time. 

There are many other bars that do what Prohibition does, but in many more ways than location, Prohibition Taproom sets itself apart.
Popped by this lovely joint on the delightful celebration of the repeal of Prohibition and I could not be more pleased with my night here.

Ambiance: Dim but open and intimate space that throws back to the speakeasy era but keeps things at a comfortable 21st century cleanliness. Echoing previous review, their bathroom was quite spacious and clean! 

Service: Our gal was humorous spitfire and we enjoyed her friendly banter. She got automatic points for sharing my hatred of all things Twilight. But she was great with our stream of orders and we always felt taken care of. 

Food: Beer battered green beans. Plates and plates of beer battered green beans are the bulk of my consumption here. Treat yourself to these delicious legumes and thank me later. My eating partners gave a thumbs up to their quite hefty veggie burger.

Drinks: Yes please. They have a nice selection of beers on tap and that's all I can speak towards because that is pretty much all that I quaffed here. 

The best part is that I find their prices to be fairly reasonable. I hope it stays that way!
Disorganized with no host stand and no real method for seating.  Food took between 45 minutes - an hour to come out and all we ordered were small plate apps.  Beer was good, server was nice, and half of the goodies ordered was good, the other half , not so much.

Not a good value for what we paid and how many times the staff dropped the ball. I'm. Not sure we will be back to eat.  Maybe just drinks next time.
We waited quite some time for a neighborhood bar that had staying power.  In the past year and a half, we saw the old carriage house turn to "Maker's Local" and then to "Callahan's Pub(?)" and finally, to nothing.  When it reopened as Prohibition, we knew it would last and I'm happy that it has.

This place is great for all occasions -- a beer following a crap day at work; a low-key birthday party; a dinner date with the spouse.  The food is tasty, the beer list is long, and the waitstaff are friendly and helpful.
- fried vegetables that still taste like vegetables --- check.
- establishment sign pointing to establishment---check.
- waiter who would probably go so far as kill a man for you---check.

this taproom really is reminiscent of the prohibitionary 20s.  maybe they think that alcohol is still prohibited in Philadelphia.  i won't tell them...i'm taken by their straightforward approach.  that how i like things nowadays.  no more willy-nilly.
If you come here to Prohibition nothing else in mind, be sure to order the beer-battered green beans. These are very, very good. It's one of those things that almost makes the beer this bar serves of no consequence. But that's not to say the taplist is not great; with a beer engine and about ten different beers on tap, you can always be sure to have something interesting there. In fact, right now, it looks like it has lots of wonderful beers on tap. Although, I'm never floored by its availability, I think Prohibition's beer list always satisfies me. The bottle list is more than sufficient and fills in the gaps if the taplist doesn't satisfying do to.

The truth is that, the beer is good enough at this bar (and I'm quite particular) to make the very good food, service, jukebox, and layout of the bar shine. This is a bar that wins gets four stars in all of the other categories. Where else will you get the Phillies on, a killer appetizer, and a great looking bar? Not in Northern Liberties, that's for sure. Even the entrance with its neon "BAR" sign is a very cool addition--truly this is one of the "barriest" bars in city. Heck, if Prohibition improves its taplist (its only weakness--and a small one at that), I think this spot would be killer; one of the best watering holes in the city. But in a neighborhood where the options are slim, this a top-notch pub.
French onion soup = delish. 
Crab and shrimp soup = delish. 
Hummus = delish. 

Messed up my order initially but was fixed quickly and much to our benefit since they let us finish the wrong dish, which was delicious! 

Bar tender was extremely friendly and quite the expert at mixing a cocktail. The beer selection was also fantastic.

All in all this is a fantastic neighborhood bar with a great atmosphere and awesome food. Come for the drinks, eat some food, then stay for the fun!
I have mixed feelings about this place. I like the vibe, but it always seems to disappoint.

The service is friendly but not fast. After I sat at the bar, several bartenders saw me and continued to interact among themselves. I was about to leave when I was given a menu, so I ordered a beer and then some brunch.

It should not take 20 minutes to get a frittata, but when it arrived it was hot, so I put the delay down to the place being busy. It happens. Being steaming hot, however, was part of the problem - it was the asparagus frittata with salad, but the salad was served ON TOP, rendering it soggy from the steam from the eggs. It was sort of like when you order a takeout burger and fries and they put the fries in a styrofoam container with the hot meat. Limp. Worse, there was no point in putting the salad on top, as it added no flavor, and the frittata was so underseasoned (eggs with no salt or pepper?) that it just added to the overall blandness. It was, however, generously sized and the eggs were properly cooked, not rubbery at all. After removing the flaccid greens and salting and peppering it, it was pretty good.

Are disastrous ideas like this a product of the cooking show culture, where everyone is trying to make dishes creative without regard to conception or execution?

In any case, the beers are well selected and drawn, and there are ample seats at the bar, which is appreciated when dining single. 

I have eaten here twice, but next time I'll just have an excellent and well priced beer and enjoy the atmosphere.
I think at this point, if it's a bar in Philadelphia, and it has the word "Taproom" in its name, I'm probably going to love it--so far I'm three for three.

We tried out the Prohibition Taproom last night looking for a place to send off my out-of-town vegan friend who loves beer and doesn't enjoy drinking anything else, and I'm glad we did! She loved the Flemish red ale that she tried, and the rest of us all were able to pick some delicious selections from a wide-reaching tap list and a nicely sized bottle list. Also, when late night stomachs started growling, the hummus and pita, piping hot and very tasty, saved the day.

Our waitress was very friendly, it wasn't hard at all to grab a table for five, no one bothered us about drinking slowly and hanging out, the bathrooms were pretty clean for a bar, there was a jukebox with interesting choices and the music wasn't too loud, and it was really nice, dim lighting, and low key atmosphere (probably because it is a little out of the way for most, but that is part of the charm, I think). We'd definitely come back, with visiting friends, or not.
Came in on Friday night without reservations at 8pm before a show at the Union Transfer.  The place was packed to the gills, but a server came up to us within 5 minutes and asked us if we wanted to put our names on a list to get a table.  Figuring that it would be the best thing to do so even if we left, we did.  He said it would be about 45 minutes.  A couple of sips into our first beer at the bar they called our name for a two top.

We got seated and looked over the menu which was pretty straight forward.  We ended up getting the Mac and Cheese which was a healthy portion made with maybe a white cheddar, the green beans which might have been the best dish, and the garlic fries.  People around us ordered the burger which looked good to.  The green beans were fresh, seemed liked they were picked that day, lightly battered and still came out crunchy, not mushy.  The fries were shoestring and a bit on the soggy side.  Both those sides came with a good garlic aoili sauce.  

A mediocre selection of craft beer where nothing at the time really stood out for me, but then again I'm a fan of belgian beers and they were moreso concentrated on the American IPA.  That night they had a good American IPA that was a probhibition tab room collaboration with yards.

Street parking is the way to go in that neighborhood.  Next time I'm headed to a show at the UT I wouldn't hesitate grabbing a drink there, but might opt out of the dinner.  One of the few places to go in that neighborhood, but not a bad spot to pregame.
My fiance and I met a group of friends at the Prohibition Taproom this past weekend.  We were a bit apprehensive before we went in, as the block is a bit seedy looking.  We had a large group, so finding seating was a bit difficult, but there was enough space at the bar so we all just piled in.

My friend and I ordered the pulled pork and veggie sandwich and ate half of each.  The pulled pork sandwich was o.k., but the vegetable sandwich still has my mouth watering.  It was absolutely delicious!  The bread was out-of-this-world, and the grilled vegetables combined with aoili was so delicious, and substantial, that I was completely satisfied.  My friend James had the grilled cheese of the day, which was brie and something else (which I was strongly debating as well) and said it was excellent.

Their beer selection was incredible, food was delicious, I highly recommend!
Stopped here for a beer or 2 and a bite to eat before a concert at the Electric Factory.  It was a little out of my way and I probably never would have ended up here if not for the suggestion of a friend. 

There were quite a few folks here for happy hour but there was no problem getting great service. Our bartender was awesome. The draft list was on point and with $1 off, you can't really go wrong. 

I ordered the Hummus plate and I was excited to be served the largest pile of very clearly made-from-scratch hummy I've ever seen. The serrano chili sauce was the perfect compliment with just the right amount of kick. 

I will definitely try and make it back another night and sample more of the menu... and of course MORE BEER.
One of my favorite neighborhood bars.  My new thing is coming here on the way home for a beer or two after shows at Union Transfer.  They have a great draft selection that's always rotating, and what looks to be a good bottle selection too (though I've always stuck with drafts).  The long wooden bar, jukebox, and dim lighting make for a nice laid-back atmosphere.

Great bar snacks too - I've tried the fried green beans, green curry wings, and the hummus plate.  All good.  And anytime you can order off of a chalkboard, you know it's a decent place.
We came her for brunch and the wait was about 25 minutes which wasn't bad at all. We got a seat at the bar and the bartender was friendly and joked around a bit. The place is on the smaller side, but it doesn't feel that way. 

The mimosas were more champagne and less OJ, which is exactly how I like them. For my meal I channeled my inner child and order a grilled cheese, but my goodness, that was an amazing grilled cheese. I believe the cheese was cheddar, Brie, and provolone and it was an amazing combo with the bread. The fries were thin and tasty! I really enjoyed my meal and would definitely come back.
Fantastic service, great beer selection and the food was Amazing. I had the humus plate to start, then the special pork belly ramen bowl. Not something you would expect but the bartender recommended it and he was 100% spot on.  This is my new  "must go" place in Philly. May end up back there tonight!!
