Mercury is in retrograde and I'm blaming everything out of step on the stars, and that includes our visit to Pub & Kitchen last night.
I have had many delicious meals at Pub & Kitchen over the years, and especially love their burgers, so I'm hoping this is just a blip and everything will be back to normal next week. 
Last night we stopped in later in the evening after dinner for cocktails and small bites, and had a pretty disappointing experience. 
We ordered cocktails, beignets & fries. The beignets were brought out 10 mins before the drinks arrived, and after eating one my friend noticed a curly white hair stuck to one of the beignets, OMG. We gave it back to our waitress who brought us a new one. The beignets were heavy and doughy, could have been better. Our cocktails finally arrived, they were all delicious, yet they were sliding down the table because it was on a slant due to the uneven sidewalk, we decided to cover the table with a cloth napkin and put the cocktails on top so they would stop sliding down the table. The fries and sauce were DELISH and we ordered another round of yummy cocktails. Our waitress, while clearing old glasses inadvertently knocked over one of the cocktails and the fries sauce, she quickly cleaned up the mess, fortunately the napkin I had put on the table to stop the drinks from falling off had absorbed the spilled drink. She brought out a fresh cocktail but forgot to replace the sauce for the fries. At this point we asked for the check. 
It was an out of the ordinary visit, and I'll definitely be back when mercury is out of retrograde to enjoy a burger and more of those delicious cocktails!
The home of the Pabbit is cozy and romantic; perfect for a date or as a gathering place for those looking to date.  The location is just far enough away from the frenzy of Rittenhouse, so the crowd tends to consist of those in their late twenties to forties.  

The house wine, made exclusively for Pub & Kitchen, is worth trying.  The chardonnay is bright and crisp and even the $9 price tag didn't deter me from ordering several glasses on a recent visit.

I've tried the burger, which was very good but not as much as a couple others I adore in the city (I don't even have to say it, do I?).  As others have mentioned, the fries are great but I didn't care for the truffle aioli.  Take this with a grain of salt as I'm starting to realize that truffles might not be my bag.

Let's recap: above average bites, solid beverages, cool people and an attractive environment.  Cupcake approved.
I'll admit. I was super bummed when I heard the news that Johnny Mac would be stepping down as head chef at Pub & Kitchen. He was easily my favorite chef in the city, and no matter what I ordered at P&K, I was always impressed. I wondered how things would change and if I would still think of Pub & Kitchen as my go-to spot for a great but casual dinner. 

There were some big changes to the menu, most notably, the burger selection, which has been pared down to a basic burger with American cheese, shredded lettuce and thin slices of pickle. Sounds simple, but one bite and I was absolutely hooked. I spend significant amounts of time thinking about it (sad but true). I don't know what makes it so delicious, but I've practically forgotten about the Churchill I used to love. When I ordered the burger at dinner with my girlfriends, I had already raved so much that they had to try it. My one friend even asked for a second bite, and the thick-cut, perfectly crisp fries were devoured. 

The rest of the menu is equally impressive. I loved a simple but flavorful pappardelle with fresh summer vegetables and thin parmesan shavings. And the brunch offerings are still awesome. I even ate rabbit (which I will not typically do) when it was crumbled over their famous breakfast poutine. Chef Eli Collins is killing it, and I'm happy that my favorite neighborhood spot is still my favorite neighborhood spot.
Just swinging back over to sing Pub & Kitchen's praises yet again. For more than ten years, this local bar/restaurant has been our neighborhood go-to for grabbing a drink or bite to eat and also celebrating many special occasions. The staff are like our extended family and despite many changes in the kitchen over the years, we've always loved the food and the unique styles of each chef. 

Over the summer, I worked with Donnie to plan a milestone surprise birthday party for my husband in Pub & Kitchen's private room upstairs. The surprise was a success and the party was exactly what I had envisioned. From delicious bites to a fountain pouring old fashioneds, our guests had a great time and my husband rang in his birthday surrounded by his closest friends and family.

I can't recommend Pub & Kitchen enough for a meal or special event. Their private room holds up to 50 comfortably standing, but they can also do smaller, seated groups as well. And their staff will go out of their way to make sure your experience is a special one. I'm long overdue for a visit so I'm looking forward to trying their fall menus soon!
Just a quick update to say that I'm grateful that Pub & Kitchen is open for take-out and delivery, slinging a limited menu of burgers and comfort food (and a couple healthier bites too, if that's your thing). The smash burger with fries I had for dinner on Friday night was, quite honestly, the highlight of my weekend. 

I'm still a little resentful towards my husband for telling me that, no, we did not need to order an additional side of fries. Next time, we are getting the extra fries because I'm going to need that black truffle ranch dip in my life. What kind of heathen says no to extra fries, anyway? 

Thanks for keeping us (somewhat) sane, P&K!
Where did I have the best brunch of my entire life? Pub & Kitchen. It sounds dramatic but it's true.

If you're a bloody mary fan, order the Wrangler without question. The Wrangler alone is five-star worthy and is perfectly spicy. I dare you to try to stop at one! We ended up having a few and then moving to a bottle of rosé, like proper brunchers do.

We decided to start by splitting the Dutch Baby Blueberry Pancake, and it was absolutely amazing. First of all, it's huge, and more like a cake than a pancake. Second of all, be ready to force yourself to stop because it's just that good. It's topped with key lime curd and dulce de leche, sooo yeah.

After that, I ordered the sausage and biscuit with a soft scrambled egg and bacon morney sauce. It was even better than the pancake somehow, and the breakfast potatoes on the side were perfect.

After all of that, I had someone roll me out of the restaurant so I could go take a nap.

Really though, you don't want to miss brunch here.
On a flight my seat mate told me about Pub & Kitchen. The name stuck, so I grabbed a friend and gave it a go.

A "no reservations" policy meant a small wait before we were seated.

Even during the day, the Pub's darker than I'd like, but there's sidewalk seating for the nyctophobic. Besides a gigantic bar, this restaurant has comfortable stylings, subtle rabbit and pig imagery all about. Despite the crowd inside and out, server Laura managed to keep us buzzed.

We shared fresh kusshi oysters (at market price, which we all know is scary markup), before moving onto a bowl of Thai basil mussels. For an entree, I had a pan-fried pork cutlet, not bad, not too dry, with a decent amount of flavor. Table bread was so-so, but we spent more time on their other yeasty treats: a Yards "brawler" pub ale and a pint of Sly Fox served nicely.
I'm not sure why Pub and Kitchen is getting such lackluster reviews. I went there about a week ago on the worst date of my life. Through the awkward conversation, forced laughter and cringes the juicy, tender, delicious windsor burger and crispy fries were the only thing that kept my sanity afloat.
They had me at Boozy brunch.

There were 8 of us for brunch on a rainy Sunday morning in January - we had reservations at Pub & Kitchen and were seated in the cozy nook in the back - what more could I want?  Oh, wait a minute - of course I wanted Breakfast cocktails.  I'm a BIG fan of champagne drinks, but truthfully not the biggest fan of mimosas... I find it's always too much OJ and not enough champs.  At Pub & Kitchen I was delighted to find that they didn't even have mimosas on the menu, they skipped over to my all time fave mid morning drink - Bellinis!  They were perfection - not too sickly sweet, not too champagney, the color said it all; a slightly opaque peachy color - YUM! I even had TWO!

The menu is small, and I was slightly disappointed with their options. I was hoping for something slightly less heavy (without going the 'salad at brunch route...), but nothing stuck out at me.  So I quickly had to scrap that idea and opt to share 2 dishes with my husband - we split the fried egg sandwich and the cheeseburger (#healthy?).  Both were super glutinous and truthfully a bit much for so early in the day, but really delectable! 
:: The Fried Egg Sandwich was pretty standard, bacon, egg. and cooper sharp American cheese, but then they upped it by adding green chili relish - this was tangy and sweet and spicy all at the same time.  It went really well with the sandwich - pretty good!  
:: The P&K Cheeseburger was super messy but good - it was something they call "d'bragga blend" (which I googled and can only determine that it refers to different kinds of meat blended together in the patty), emmental swiss cheese, dijonnaise, and whiskey mushrooms.  This was really delicious - but also REALLY greasy and heavy; the kind of burger you can't decide if you should go 20 miles to run if off or just give up and nap for the remainder of the day.
:: A girlfriend and I shared the brussel sprouts (well, shared with the whole table, if we're being honest).  They were AMAZING. I would probably come back for these guys alone.  Served with lemon chili and ricotta salata - they had a bite to them, while being savory - definitely not a 'light' dish by any means, but I'd already given up on that front.

A couple people at the table ordered the house smoked salmon toast, which looked alright - it was cucumber and whipped scallion cream cheese, with a hefty portion of mixed greens.

For boozy brunch in philly it wasn't terribly priced either - $85/couple, which is pretty standard IMO.  I'm more a fan of lighter brunches featuring at least 3 forms of avocado (#basic).... only half-joking, but this was good! The servers were really friendly and prompt, without being interruptive!
This place is pretty expensive.  I do not mind expensive.  I frequent expensive places.  I like quality too.    This place is not quality.  I've been here a couple times before writing a review because too many people whose opinions said great things about it.  Fuck that noise.  

I've found cocktails to be inconsistent each time I was there.        The bartenders do not know how to make a good drink more complicated than 1 mixer and 1 liquor.  

I'm not a fan of the starters either.  I've never had a full meal here based on the starters.  First off, they're all pretty rich and decadent.  Sounds good, yeah? Every time I tried they've been over salted and if it's hot, a bit burned. 

It's just another place for people in the neighborhood to show people how awesome they are.    The older douche crowd.
After loads of visits in the past year, I'm actually shocked that I haven't already updated my rating for Pub & Kitchen. I adore the place. First of all, the staff is amazing, genuinely friendly, and gorgeous. That's a rare combo. They're also all fabulous dressers, but that's just a bonus. 

The space is inviting, comfortable and lovely. It always smells nice, like freshly finished wood, and the flower arrangements (particularly the recent Christmas-y ones) are gorgeous.

But the food is what gets me, hook, line and sinker. I'm going to say it: Jonny Mac is my favorite chef in all of Philadelphia (and the Jersey Shore, for that matter). 

Basic pub grub like fish and chips and spicy pulled pork are favorites, and breakfast is always on point, but entrees and specials are out of this world. On New Year's Eve, we enjoyed several courses, two of which included beets and raw oysters; items that aren't favorites of mine. A beet salad was citrusy and the beets were shaved so thinly that the flavor didn't overwhelm. I ate the entire thing. Next up was an oyster ceviche. I am not a fan of raw oysters but I give them a try now and then because I do enjoy the briny taste of the ocean. The oysters we were served on NYE were so unbelievably amazing, I'm still thinking of them fondly three days later. That ceviche marinade came straight from the gods.   

Other courses included gnocchi with poached lobster, perfectly seared scallops, mahi mahi and brussels sprouts, pork belly wrapped pork loin and the most amazing cast iron seared steak. If there is one thing that is guaranteed to come out tasting incredible every single time, it's the steak. Any steak. With a lightly seared crust on the outside and tender, juicy meat on the inside, one cannot go wrong. Desserts are inventive while still remaining classic, and will not disappoint.

I am so very happy to be living just a few blocks away.
Big ups to Johnny Mac and crew for transforming skeevy, dank Chaucer's in to a nifty new gastropub. 

Rittenhouse smug suits party at the lengthy wooden bar beside hip kids who rode their bikes in from South Philly.  The menu, while not extensive, has a strong variety and you are sure to find something intriguing. 

Double ups for the burger dressed in artisanal bacon and fried onions in a wicked buttery bun, Cape May salts oysters on the half shell, and petite mussels in fragrant, wine-sparked broth. 

Minus one up for our server, who was ingratiatingly fawning all over us until our boyfriends showed up- that's  when Mr. That's a Rad Purse became all hurt sulks and frosty absences. 

All in all, a cool new addition to the Rittenhouse-GHo scene that will surely enhance the 'hood.  Get that burger!
I seem to keep finding myself sitting outside here this summer, and I've had very consistent experiences. Things start off smoothly - you order a drink, maybe a special sangria, which might underwhelm you with its one-note apple juice flavor, maybe a Founders Pale Ale or something else off the short but well-chosen beer list.

Maybe you'll share some pub snacks with your friends - plain heirloom tomatoes that might leave you wishing you'd saved your $3 for the farmer's market instead, or polenta and smoked tomato relish, which is rather delightful. Green gazpacho is brilliantly spicy, and the fries are just fine with their rich sauce.

I recommend ordering all your food and drinks together at the beginning, because at some point, you'll think about drinking another beer or trying some broccoli rabe, but your server won't be around. This marks the beginning of the end. You won't mind waiting at first. You'll finish your drink, talk to your friends, watch the people strolling by. Some while later, ice clinking in empty cocktail glasses, straws desperately sucking at the three drops of water you have left, empty plates scattered across the table, you'll end up having to hunt down your server for the check and eventually escape, wondering why you keep coming back here.
The more and more I go to gastropubs, the less and less impressed I am by them. I don't know if the schtick is just getting old, or if people are doing a worse job, or what, but c'mon people, ENTERTAIN ME!!!

Pub and Kitchen strikes me as a fairly run of the mill entry into the gastropub arena. Very nice interior rehab job? Check. Pretty awesome selection of beers? Check. Couple fancy, gourmet-ish items on the menu? Check. Yawn. The thing missing was something to separate this place from the crowd. Why would I go here instead of any other place just like this? Jonny Brendas has whiskey donuts. The Tap Room has tacos of the day. The Royal has one of the better burgers around, not to mention innovative uses of pork that surprise me every time (mmmm, pulled-pork nachos with beer cheese sauce ... I digress.) This place had ... 18 dollar fish and chips. 18 bucks??? Seriously? For fish and chips? Maybe you should've saved some money on the fancy interior so you could serve some food for a reasonable price. Listen up Pub and Kitchen (and you too, Devils Den!): If I wanna spend 40 dollars on dinner, I'm not going to a gastropub, not when there are better dinners to be had for $40 (pick your BYOB) or much cheaper gastropubs with the same food! I don't get the 20 dollar entree movement in these places, it really makes no sense.

One other irk: our waiter was nice, but he had to have come to our table like 45 times during the course of the meal. Body language my friend, it will tell you all you need to know, like when we are done with our menus (see: putting down menu), when I need another drink (see: drink close to or completely empty). This ain't rocket science homey. (UPDATE: As I read through all the other reviews, bad service is a recurring theme.)

if you live near Pub and Kitchen, or are in the area, hit it up, it'll be a fine dinner. But I don't think it's worth traveling very far at all to go to this place.
The food is just as stellar at P&K as it was when I was the first to review the joint back when it first opened.  The spicy, lip-tingling pulled pork is my go-to, but my friends enjoyed their crabcake sandwiches and coconut-whispered mussels. The burger's lights have not dimmed over the past two years, either. 

What sets P&K apart these days is how absolutely refined the service has become.  Our server, Beth, wound off the specials of the evening with such love and knowledge I was tempted to order all of them, especially the organic, juicy meatloaf sandwich on brioche toast with grilled onions.  Not only was she superbly versed in the menu, Beth was quick, efficient and funny.  She is an obvious professional who enhanced our experience exponentially. 

Lastly, the decor here has always been great, but the additions of the flower planters outside and ringing the fairy-light wrapped trees has transported the outdoor dining section.  It's just gorgeous, and makes dining outside on a cool spring evening a joy.
Pub and Kitchen, I can finally cross you off my list of new places to eat at.  I can now add you to the list of disappointing spots that I'm unlikely to ever visit again.

My sister, Laura, was visiting this weekend and we went out for dinner.  I gave her a few places to pick from, and I was happy when she chose Pub and Kitchen.  It's a swanky little spot at 20th and Lombard.  They don't take reservations, so we had to wait around at the bar until a seat opened outside and we could enjoy the beautiful weather.  The tap list here isn't great; they have English beers on to go with the pub feeling, but I'd rather just have some stuff that is better and reasonably priced.  I drank Thomas Hooker IPA, which was good and is actually pretty rare to see on tap.

The service here was poor.  We waited too long at the bar for drinks and our table service was slow as well.  The worst part is that all of the servers are dressed like the clients, making it difficult to flag down anyone to help you.  

The atmosphere here is kind of annoying.  It's darker, more crowded, and louder than it should be.  If I wanted that, I go to any number of bars that I like better.  The one good thing is the outdoor seating, because there isn't much car traffic passing by to annoy you as you eat.  The bar has a few TVs, but they're all on the same spot.  I wouldn't recommend this place if you're actually trying to watch anything, but if you want a baseball game on in the background, you'll probably be in luck.

The one saving grace here could be the food.  I had read great things about the Windsor burger before coming, and was excited to eat it.  My medium rare burger was properly cooked, and came out with cheddar and bacon.  Nothing I ate seemed flavorful enough; everything was lacking.  The entire meal was forgettable.  Pub and Kitchen also overlooked the importance of good bread on a burger.

The portions here are pretty good, and the table next to us had the cheese platter and oysters which looked like decent appetizers.  They also looked like you could get better elsewhere.

Bottom Line: Meh.
I went to Pub & Kitchen last night with a friend. I arrived before he did, so I stood outside and waited. I watched quite a few people enter and questioned if I should run in and grab a table. I decided to wait, but it was fine since we were seated right away. I loved the exposed brick and windows framed with picture frames. The candle lit table was cozy and romantic. The music was fantastic as well, it set a perfect mood.

We had decided on this restaurant because my friend told me it was the "best burger he's ever had" and the burger was quite delicious. The bun was fantastic too, it held up as I chowed through. The fries were comparable to Monk's. I had to ask the server for a side of dijonaise, and though it was quite good, it wasn't as good as Monk's "crack sauce".

For dessert, we decided to get the bourbon soaked apples and donut holes. It came with a side of sauce that tastes like vanilla bean ice cream, but wasn't cold. It was quite delicious. The ratio of donut holes to apples was off, as we were left with a plate of apple slices.

I look forward to going back to try each of the $3 bar snacks. In fact, I'll be back next week with a friend from Memphis, TN!
P&K has been one of my favorite spots for a long time, and my boyfriend and I come in very regularly, often for the burger and beer selection. We were very excited about the renovation and reimagination that recently took place and stopped in Sunday night to check it out. I am so sad to report this, but our experience left much to be desired. 

First, one of our favorite beers that had been a mainstay for some time disappeared (but whatever). But then, the unthinkable happened. I tried to order their famous burger, as I have done many times before, and found out that it is an entirely different concept now (I guess due to the new chef?). First, I was told they could not cook it to any particular temperature (it only comes medium. What?). Then it came out and was two thin patties smothered in American cheese and grease on a somewhat lame bun. Also, the meat fell apart each time I took a bite. It tasted like a Shake Shack burger, which I enjoy, but in a very different I'm-starving-and-hungover-and-want-greasy-crap kind of way. The P&K burger was sheer perfection, and they ruined it. Why?? We waited a long time to get our food, and my boyfriend's steak was cold by the time it arrived. The restaurant was not busy at all at the time. The waitress graciously corrected the problem, and my boyfriend said his food was really good in the end, but we walked away feeling like this was not the P&K we've come to know and love.

I hope things improve because I don't want to have to find a new favorite neighborhood bar/burger go-to.
As I walked passed a few cafe tables and through the door of what I used to know as Chaucer's, it was clear that this is a different establishment.  Pub and Kitchen revamped the already unique space, combining a large bar area with a comfortable dining room.

I was greeted at the door by Nate, the manager, and a smiling hostess.  I was seated with my friend Sarah immediately even though there was a good crowd both at the bar and in the dining room, even at 6p on a Sunday.  

The decor was a rough, simple elegance complimented by a cute, friendly staff.  Our server welcomed us and spoke knowledgeably about the specials.  I spied the beer list as she grabbed us a couple of waters and saw a few solid options.  I ordered a Lager while Sarah asked for a glass of the Malbec as we conversed with our server about some of her favorite dishes.   

We agreed on the goat cheese pierogies as an app which was preempted by some white bread and salted butter.  For the main course, I went with the already fan favorite: Fish and Chips. Sarah requested the duck breast and debated on substituting regular mashed potatoes for the sweet potato mash. In the end, she decided just to trust the chef.  

The pierogies hit the table in no time with an arugula salad on the side.  It's presentation traveled well from the upstairs kitchen and the flavors collaborated nicely.  The two pierogies were small at first but very rich in flavor, thus justifying the portion size.  Our server checked up on us and the support staff helped her clear the table quickly and often throughout the meal.  Our entrees came out a few minutes after we finished our first course and they both looked great.  The duck breast was in a maple glaze that really made the sweet mash a good decision.  The fish and chips was served in a basket over smashed peas that really made the dish.  I asked our server to grab me another beer as the she filled our water glasses.  This is a huge step of service in my book because as any professional drinker will tell you, hydration is essential to boozing. 

I was checking out the desserts on the chalkboard on the ceiling above Sarah's head long before we finished our dinner.  She agreed to split the warm dark chocolate cake and ice cream with me like she had a choice at all, it was adorable.  We sat salivating only briefly before the dessert was delivered and it was a perfect size.  The rich, flavorful ice cream spread nicely over the cake and we devoured it in no time.  We asked for the check and it was dropped with logo card that read "I have never developed indigestion from eating my words".  Spot on, Mr. Churchill.  

We settled our $77 tab with our server and tipped her well for her food knowledge, attentiveness, personality and support staff.  I ran to the bathroom before we left, as it is a key element in the dining experience.  I prepared myself for the heavy stench of old urine that haunted the mens room of Chaucer's.  I was tense as I hit the door but much to my relief the ghost of old urine past had moved on.  The new bathroom was clean and tidy allowing me to dash back up the stairs and be on my way.

All in all it was a great dining experience and I'm sure to be back again.  Nice work, P&K!
Unfortunately, the delicious food was marred by the terrible service.  The waitress we had was perhaps one of the rudest I've encountered in a while.  It started when my boyfriend and I decided to order the Kolsch- which happens to be our favorite beer, despite being the cheapest on the menu and in a can.  The waitress' response when we ordered this:"'um, really?"  She also asked us 4 times if we wanted a glass with it...she finally brought the beers out with some glasses and asked AGAIN, if we needed a glass.  YES we said again.  She then attempted to pour the beer into the glass while it fizzed all over and told us she was a bad at pouring beer.  Just give me the glass, I'll pour it myself I told her.  GOOD was her response.

The food however was delicious.  Both the mussels and the skate were awesome.  I would have stayed for dessert and more drinks if the waitress hadn't brought us over our check immediately after we finished dinner without asking us if there was anything else we'd like.  I'll definitely be back here, but avoid the rude waitress' section.
Honestly, this place might be the best burger in town. Kinda not expecting much in terms of beefy goodness, but also figuring that I wouldn't go wrong, I ordered the burger with bacon and English cheddar. Yo. Served pretty simply with tomato, lettuce, and some really delicious grilled red onions -- honestly, I'm getting hot and bothered thinking about it. That's not to discount what else is on the menu (the wings are really great too -- fresh, not frozen -- and the only other thing I've eaten), but the burger is my jam.

Atmosphere-wise, it's a good space: long bar, big open windows, lots of TVs for the Eagles and Phils. Beers are my drink of choice, and it's nice to see a place that's not too pretentious to have Miller Lite on draft (and Brooklyn Lager) good for downing after one of those burgers (there it is again). There's an upstairs, that might not be completely open yet, but would be perfect for group gatherings. Outside seating is copious for the warmer months. The crowd is mixed and not nearly as xenophobic as other reviews have mentioned.

Great new spot in a neighborhood that needed it -- I'll definitely be back...
All right, Pigbunny.  Time to level with you.  Time for some harsh truth and honesty and tough love.

Pigbunny -- can I call you Pigbunny?  Because my wife and I do, all the time -- you are our neighborhood pub and restaurant.  You are warm and inviting.  You have many fine alcohols for us to consume.  Your fries are superb.  We want to come to you all the time.  At least, all the times when you're not teeming with douchebags.  (We've learned your rhythms and know when the douche rolls in.)  In short, we want to give you all our money.

But we can't, because you don't offer any vegetarian dinner entrees.

Don't even start by saying you have a cheese plate, or welsh rarebit, or a salad.  Those aren't entrees.  Those are sides and apps.  I find it impossible to believe you can't make a vegetarian entree.  I find it impossible because you've done it before: a pasta dish, a sandwich.  Something.  Something good and tasty.  You have good food.  Surely you can create something.

I might get that vegetarian entrees aren't big-ticket items, but you're turning away dollars.  Bar dollars, especially.  Sure, you're not making a lot on that spring vegetable gnocchi, but the wine and beer we consume would surely compensate for that.  More to the point, though: fries and a cheese plate aren't a meal.  You're basically saying that vegetarians just shouldn't bother.  So we don't, except for brunch, when my wife can have the cheese omelet.

When I first reviewed you, I gave you five stars, because you were that awesome and accommodating.  In fact, that is part of the reason we love you so much.  When we first moved to Philly, we were tired and stressed after a long day of hauling boxes, and Beth made us feel like we really had found a home.  And now?  Less welcoming.

So you're docked a star.  I hope to give it back to you very, very soon.
They have a wedge salad on the menu! Happy day!

Only problem is, I cut into it during this morning's brunch without realizing one of the herbs sprinkled on top is something my palette is vehemently against. The freshly diced herb served as a salad shrapnel, which unfortunately turned me off. Otherwise, this would have been one of the best wedge salads I've come across in recent memory, since all other components were perfect. Next time, I'll order without the extra greenery.
O.k., so you get what you pay for... foremost the atmosphere and the service; the dimly lit inviting space (save the rock hard seats) and a nice view (at any point in time this place is filled filled with more good looking people than not, including the servers... and let's be frank, this can be difficult to find in Philly).  The outside seating is also great when the snow melts. Oh and most of the glassware and napkins have the 1/2 pig 1/2 rabbit symobol on them.  I wonder how many glasses disappear weekly.  This is a great date spot, but not a place to meet other people... there is little to no mingling among the patrons.

The service is great.  Attentive histesses/ waiters/ waitresses/ bar tenders (although you might not be able to pick them out as they all dress in street clothes) always wear a smile.  The laid back clothes just add to the laid back atmosphere of the place in general.  Feel free to swing by with a different dates in the same week and they won't even give you an evil eye... or so I have heard. Lol.

The beer selection (although not extensive) is better than average and includes decent draft selections.  The wine selection... well let's just say it sucks .  No really, its horrible (way overpriced and limited to 2-3 horrible selections per grape most all of which can be purchased for less than $15 per bottle at a liquor store).  

Now for the food.  The limited menu is always changing.... which can make it disappointing when your favorite items aren't on the menu and when there is only one veggie option (which is more the case than not).  Most of the food is o.k. at best, but there are some stand-outs.  Beware... not all of these are fixtures on the menu, so check the menu before sitting down.
- Duck (Med-rare and often served in the fall is is served in its own juices and clearly fresh)
- The crab/avacado salad (often served in the summer is very fresh and a nice portion size for a light meal)
- Mussells (the preparation changes, but they are fresh and served with two perfectly taosted wedges of bread)
- Fries (pomee frites preparation...best with apple cider and plenty for 3-4 to share)
- Olives (a good selection and a steal for the size of the bowl you get... skip the grocery store and get take-out)
- Hot wings (they are small, but tastey and you get quite a few... also served with carrot sticks and celery for added crunch)
- The burger (In the interest of full disclosure I haven't tried it... but I have heard good things).

The entire menu is over priced, but hey I warned you... 

Happy eating!
We went here because the screening for the Terminator was all filled up. My crew had heard that this place was good. Well the chef was off and the monkeys in the back took over the preparing of the food. Salt, lots and lots of salt. The food might have been good if there wasn't so much salt on everything. C'mon, salt on the salad! The only good thing was the Belgian Beer and our waiter whose name was Ghost! Great redo of Chaucers but the food was the same but the prices were sky high.
Twice now, I've run from the cold to squeeze through the door of Pabbit. It's been a nice refuge these last couple of freezing cold nights. 

In short,
The burger is better than Monk's. 
The fries are a close second to Monk's. 
The gnocchi are way too salty. (I still need to try the pierogies.) 

I love having a large pint of cider and a burger so that's probably what I'll stick to if we return again. I might also work my way through all of the $3 bar munchies.
We came in for drinks and we snacked on something, I dont really remember what it was. We were drinking whiskey. Anyway this place is pretty nice. Maybe too nice to go for "just drinks". A friend of mine was flirting with some guy and they were "playfully" throwing napkins at each other and then the off-duty bar tender flipped out hardcore. He threatened to "shit on her pillow". We all laughed but he seemed pretty serious. We just laughed and told him to fuck off. We left and went to Grace Tavern, which is a way different bar, but its okay to flirt there. No one is going to shit on your pillow.
You ask me - what's the Sitch(uation) with Pub & Kitch?! This place rocks! Inside/outside, winter/summer/spring...no matter the time, no matter the season - check out PUB & KITCHEN! Whether it's a casual drink at the bar ordered off a stunning cocktail menu, a sit-down dinner, or an app and a beer on the sidewalk during an enjoyable day of outdoor festivities - Pub & Kitch will make you feel rich!
OK, I am torn between 3 & 4 stars.  Food is 3,  Drinks are 4.  I would definitely come back for drinks - especially the "Blush" a rum, sugar, lime and pink grapefruit juice cocktail.  So refreshing.  They also make a REAL "Dark & Stormy" that packs a robust gingery punch.  Soooooo good.

Meanwhile, 4 of us lovely ladies had drinks & dinner here last night.  Service was good by the servers, but the bus "girl" was too aggressive in removing plates before we were finished.  She got the hint the 2nd or 3rd time we guarded our plates.  "No, we're not finished quite yet".

After a round of refreshing drinks (best part of the evening for me, anyway), we started with a $3 bar snack of duck liver, spread thinly on 2 crisp toast points.  It was a little gamey.  Would not re-order.

The best appetizer by far was the gnocchi.  Now I realize the reviews here on that gnocchi are mixed, but we told them light on the oil and it was great.  Served with REAL morel mushroom.  2 of us split one order and another lady had an order all to herself.

Honey & Whiskey glazed petite chicken wings were very tasty, but also small and boney.  (Large portion, small wing size.)

2 of us, myself included, had the tilapia po boy.  My friend loves this sandwich, i  thought it was just OK.  I wanted to try the lobster BLT special, but the night we went (a Sunday there were NO SPECIALS at all.)

Quel Dommage.

After our meals, we had a dessert course.  A nice cheese plate came with red grapes, walnuts and 3 generous cheese selections including Morbier and Stilton.

The rest of the gals shared a chocolate/peanut butter mousse, which was chilled, dense and not at all goopy.  It was served in a perfect circle with a dulce du leche beneath it.  Not too peanutty, but full of milky chocolate flavor.

The booths are made of a hard wood and look great but are small for a party of 4 and not comfortable.  This can actually help the restaurant to turn tables - as you won't sit too long (ha, ha!).  The bar was packed at 8:30 PM on a Sunday.  Nice to see in this crappy economy.

I will return to P&K but it is not a holy grail. Oh, and it's not cheap.  (but not horrible) $40 each for the 4 of us.

Oh, and we love the "pabbit" logo - pig/rabbit.  Reminds us of the divided we fail logo where the Democratic Donkey and Republican Elephant are merged.  CUTE.

Nice job!  Please don't let it slide.
Another trendy place with little more  to offer than the place to be seen.
We did not try the bar which was too noisy and too crowded. 
We ate outside and I am reviewing only the restaurant.
We ordered the burger but the waitress said we should order appetizer because the wait was 30 minutes... Thirty minutes for a burger??? Well the burger are all cooked to order and many people are ordering it said the waitress. We were kind of expecting that the food would be cooked a la minute, we were not in a fast food joint.

55 minutes later, our food arrived. One hour to cook two rare hamburger? 
The Burgers were cooked as ordered, good size but a little greasy. Nothing special, just another burger produced by an understaffed kitchen which was not able to produce the food on time.
However, there was no apology for the delay and when the bill came, it was $18 for the burger. Mine was $19.50 because I ordered fries.
Look at the site from Pub and Kitchen... they do not give the price of their burger... Wonder why?
Do the math and you will spend over $70 for 2 burgers and 2 drinks including tax and tips. In my opinion it is not worth it.
Randomly wandered here for brunch with a friend and was pleasantly surprised. To start we ordered the signature orange spritzer drink, which is a must when you go. This is the main drink they advertise and it's super refreshing and fun. I also ordered a Bellini, which tasted a little like a mimosa, but still good. 

For food I ventured outside of my typical breakfast go to's and got the tuna avocado toast, which was delicious. The tuna tasted fresh and the toast was cooked perfectly. It came with a lightly seasoned arugula salad which was a good touch. And since I'm a French fry addict, we ordered a side of fries, which came thin, crispy, and seasoned perfectly. 

The waiter was friendly, we ended up waiting a bit for drink refills, but other than that no real complaints on service!
I loved this place well before I set a foot inside. The decor is lovely. When the tables are set up outside during the summer it's better than the best European cafe. 

I love this place. It is one of my favorite late night eateries. The kitchen is open until 1 which is fantastic. Even better, the late night menu is still a full menu, not just bar snacks and burgers. 

I'd say the only problem I have is the crowds. I avoid the place on the weekends because it can draw a large club scene. This small place gets loud fast as it fills up with drinkers either beginning or ending their nights.
Friday I had a chance to go to the Pub & Kitchen for the first time with friends. As far as a bar astmosphere it was great, good bartenders and they had my favorite whiskey which most bars do not carry. A big plus. We waited about an hour an half for a table, as expected it was a Friday night. So we drank more.

Once we seated in the back room area we were greeted by a great waitress who was pleasant and great personallity. The food was subpar to say the least, small portions and extremely expensive based on we ordered. The Cheese plate, I would have to say was a joke, 2 pieces of cheese the size of a stamp and 2 pieces of bread. My girlfriend had the mussels which she said were very bland. I had a burger which was actually really good. My friends had a burger and a salad. 

As bar to drink and hang-out I give it 5 stars, I will return to Pub and Kitchen for drinks.
This place was awful for brunch.   We were sat in a small room with 2 large groups and a couple with a baby.   The baby was very well behaved but the noise level from the two large groups in such a tiny space made the experience horrible.   Add to that tasteless food and horrible service and you have the recipe for never returning.
I like this place....a lot. Their menu is very interesting and innovative and the ambiance is very comforting. You just feel good sitting at one of the tables in this place. You feel...special.

I've now been to Pub and Kitchen twice for meals. First for a dinner and then for a brunch a week ago. The dinner was good. We started with oysters that were fresh and delicious, and then fish which was perfectly cooked. I also got my first taste of cockles in this dish....that sounded dirty :) For dessert, the banana bread pudding...which was AWESOME.

I can't say I had the same experience for brunch, but I think I chose my meal poorly. My brunch was a very thick piece of brioche toast covered with sauteed white beans. It was really good, but a lot of the same thing, and it came with a very STRONGLY spiced sausage. I had two bites of the sausage and could taste it the rest of the day...kind of gross. So, I would stay away from that dish, but I will definitely be back many more times. It's a great place to eat anytime with anyone.
Service was extremely rude.  Reserved a table for outside and they tried to make us sit inside, had to argue to get them to follow through on the promise they made for us to sit outside.

Once seated, wait staff was super rude.  Never once asked how food was and took 15 minutes to pick up the check even though they weren't busy.

Food was over salted and I ask d for my burger medium and it was cooked well done. 

Very disappointed as I had come here a couple of years ago and was very pleased, this place has gone downhill.
A few rambling points before I return to sobbing, as if for a lost loved one:

Pub and Kitchen has officially sold us all out.

1. Not one appetizer under $9 - WTF. The side salad costs nine dollars. Nine. Dollars.
WHO THE HELL DO THEY THINK THEY ARE?

2. REALLY bad service. It's as if they pride themselves on how bitchy they can be to customers. 

3. What happened to the menu? This place used to have great food, but for whatever reason, they cut all the good stuff out. 

4. Take a look at many of the recent reviews... they all are pointing in the same direction. The consensus is, this place is beginning to suck. If I could give one star without getting filtered, trust me, I would.

The beer list is the one thing Pub and Kitchen has going for it. Unfortunately for P&K, there are plenty of places in Philly to have a good beer. 

So let's review: OVERPRICED (this is not coming from a cheap-ass), BITCHY, UNDERWHELMING, and SUCKY.

Take it from me: Go anywhere else. Stick your face in a box fan. Save your $9. The humanity.
Holy Schnikes! Seriously?! Seriously. What a lovely and amazing hamburger. 

Sure the ambiance was great and the server seemed nice and blah blah blah, but once that hamburger arrived at my table, we were in a zone. Bombs could've been dropped on the table next to us, the restaurant could've caught on fire, Will Smith could've entered the building and me and the burger would've remained undisturbed in our blissful bubble. The medium-rare was in fact, pretty darn rare, as the server assured me it would be. It was juicy and beautifully complimented by the cheddar and bacon and soft but sturdy bun. 

I'm gonna go write some flowery prose and love songs about it, cause this might be my soulmate of burgers.
Ok... So there is another overprices bar in my neighborhood.  So why the 4 stars? 2 reasons:

1. The Oxford Burger.  I know, there is no dearth of "best burger in philly". Hell, Yelp exists to give people an outlet for their feelings on the best burger in Philadelphia.  But for my vote, I am going with the Pub and Kitchen burger.  In includes everything everything I want, namely bacon and cheddar, and nothing that I don't (a gob of blue cheese cooked into the center of a baseball of meat that runs all over my face, plate and lap when I bit into it, ie the "other" best burger in philly).  AND the other food is good too... check out the Tilapia Po Boy or the English Onion Soup.

2. Miller Lite on tap. More specifically, a plethora of fancy-pants beers which you can choose from, AND Miller Lite on tap.  I get it.  People like microbrews and beers that make your tongue hurt and other fancy-pants beers.  But what I don't need is a place that judges me because I want a Miller Lite.  And this place embraces both ends or the spectrum and the people that inhabit these polar opposites.  But if you do want a fancy pants beer, I recommend the Old Speckled Hen.  

So yeah, I'll take another overpriced bar in my neighborhood.  Because I like it.  

And if you need another reason for 4 stars I'll give it to you: THE PABBIT!
Solid. 

If only these guys were a smidge less expensive, this place would certainly be go-to. A nice beer selection, cocktail list (whoop Dahk and Stoahmy!) and range of menu options - but the entrees were a little out of my league. 

We started with the sweet and smokey honey whiskey wings, which were simple and lovely. Meat falling off the bone, and surprisingly interesting. It was an Atkins-style evening, so I had oysters for dinner (cape may salts) which were decidedly not slimy and super yummy. My date had the pork chops, which were good, but a little overdone so they came out kind of tough. There was a lot of attention to detail, though, so it may have been a fluke. 

Our waiter was very helpful, attentive without being annoying, and timed things well. I'd love to come back and sit at the bar. And eat more oysters. Yum.
When my friend called me up for dinner, I wasn't sure what to expect. First off, this place was a little hard to find: no sign anywhere out front! It's conveniently on the corner though, so I wasn't really lost. Just confused.

We were greeted by a very preppy girl, who appeared to be the hostess. The waitstaff was attentive (there seemed something off about them.) We both ordered the pulled pork sandwich and a beer. 

It came with a salad. The pulled pork was well spiced, and the bun had a mildly sweet taste to it. It was one of those brushed with yolk while baking buns and so it was shiny on the outside and incredibly tasty. 

Why three stars? Because it wasn't spectacular and somehow I felt rushed. The sandwich is pulled pork and I've realize this isn't a smoke house, but still, I guess I had very high hopes.  The waitstaff looked like they were waiting for me to finish my sandwich. We were also offered another beer which I didn't really need, but we got it anyway - they were  a little pushy about us getting one more (they did offer to split it for us, which was nice - we got these mini beer glasses.)
Meh.

We had one drink and left.

The menu was uninspiring, especially considering the bloated inflated prices. WE couldn't get past the prices considering the place, food offered. Pretentious. Sorry guys.
Every time I walk into this place, I feel like the noise, crowd, and atmosphere are something I would expect to walk into at a place like Drinkers or Ladder 15. That being said, I don't frequent those two places.

Let me explain. Pub and Kitchen, you are a fancy gastropub in a neighborhood that is not short on gastropubs. Yet, you are blasting dance music such that I cannot hear my date (or myself) talk. You are packed 3 rows deep at the bar with people who are generally of the rambunctious type. Your servers are rude to point of lying about only reserving your tables (which are not full) for people eating dinner. Oh, and your burgers cost more than a burger should cost, regardless of weather or not is delicious.

However, there is a small but nice beer selection, and your bartenders know what they're doing. Thank you for making a killer Vieux Carre.

I really want to like this place, and would like to come back considering the convenient location to my abode and pretty sweet menu, but I just cannot support this establishment. It is out of place on so many levels.
It's summer-summertime (Ah, Will Smith) now, and we went back to Pabbit. We wanted to sit outside on a Thursday night around 6-7, but the wait was too long for outdoor seating so we opted for the second-best but not-too-bad-at-all seats inside next to an open window. 

P&K is still a much better option for people like us who aren't up for Parc or Rouge, but who still want great food without the (at the risk of sounding totally dorky) 'tude.
While I am somewhat perturbed by the up-and-coming trend of deviled eggs as haute cuisine, I was impressed with an interesting array of food choices at Pub & Kitchen.  They do a great job of giving you an opportunity to try something new, while also pleasing your palate with some staple pub fare.

Check out the appetizers!  Their sauces are oh so saucy.
Like a few other reviewers, I live very nearby.  I have to admit I loved Chaucer's for what it was, and it was much more welcoming as a neighborhood establishment than P&K is.  Our service was decent, and the burger was incredible, but if you don't like fish, you're very limited on food options. 

While I think the remodel is prettty, I don't think the sit-down fancy-shmance thing they're trying to do is very conducive to the layout. They don't seem to like having people in the bar to watch sports, and given how loud I can hear the crowd during big games, they should ease up on that. 

I don't know. It's not a bad place. It's nice. But it's pretty unremarkable. I kind of hope it shuts down and reopens as something that I would suggest to people who don't live in the neighborhood. Right now, the only thing it has going for it is its proximity to my house.
Yes, Pub & Kitchen is on the pricier side and yes, the crowd is a bit yuppy but I still love this place. Maybe it's the outdoor seating or the delicious $3 bar snacks or the amazing fries or the nicely curated beer menu or the fact that I live across the street....Pub & Kitchen has quickly become my "go-to" place for a chill night and drinks with friends. Order a dark & stormy.

During certain busy nights (like game nights) they'll open the second floor which has 3 or 4 large plasma-screen TVs and a second bar.

Beware the Friday and Saturday night crowd as it does skew yuppy - and by that I mean ANNOYING.

Did I mention they do brunch on the weekends?
I have been here a few times for drinks- the beer selection is good. I recently ate here and thought that the food was pretty good. Not very veg friendly however. Nice crowd, friendly staff, and outdoor seating will definitely bring me back.
Delicious duck with crispy skin and perfectly cooked.  Try the Hemingway drink, it's delicious as well (rum-based).  Cute ambiance and a nice outdoor sidewalk space to sit.  Great place to catch up with friends for dinner and a drink.
So after a wonderful (as always) dinner at Mama Palma's on Saturday night, my friend and I decided to stop by Pub and Kitchen for a few drinks before heading dancing.  I had high hopes for this place, and I have to say I was fairly disappointed.  

On the plus side, I loved the decor (a huge improvement over Chaucers), and I was impressed with the number of bartenders behind the bar.  It was also packed, so apparently my lackluster opinion is not shared by everyone.  

On to the negatives.  So first of all, there is this fabulous board with $3 bar snacks behind the bar.  This made me pretty excited until I looked at the options.  Three dollars for... pork scratchings, boiled eggs, or a few other inedibles.  Now I appreciate the attempt at affordable snacks... but not enough to eat a boiled egg out at a bar.  Since we had just come from dinner, I wasn't hungry, but even had I been, I would have saved my three dollars for another drink, except that three dollars doesn't even close to buy you drink here.  In fact, it doesn't even buy you half a drink.  I was super surprised to get our bill at the end of the night, only to find that we were being asked to pay $7 for a well vodka club.  Seriously?  And in all honestly, I'm not even really sure there was much vodka in our drinks.  I'll also take a brief minute to complain about the clientele.  I remember at one point looking around the room and noticing that all of the men (who were plentiful) were wearing pretty much the same outfit.  Untucked striped business shirt over jeans, buzzed hair cut, you get the picture.  Boring.  It was about that point that we left, although it probably should have been sooner...
You know that place you've been wanting to visit for years but somehow just never make it there?

Yep. That was Pub & Kitchen for me. I had always heard good things, it looked right up my alley as a craft beer lover, and I had it bookmarked for eons. As it happened, on one recent night, I wanted pie but they were closed for a class. A quick look at my Yelp app reminded me that P&K was nearby, so we *had* to go.

My friend and I sat at the bar and split a fantastic sour based on the bartender's rec. We then both ordered burgers (mine without tomatoes, obviously). I think I'll let the attached photo do the talking for that.

All in all - great, welcoming environment...long bar..nice staff. Really nothing poor to say other than the food was kinda pricey. Burger with bacon was $16.

Definitely not a deterrent though. I'll be back at some point for sure!
Where to start.... I have given this place much thought. After many visits, I always left feeling like a victim of the best PR team in Philly. They pay for publicity and it shows. The food, in everyone of my experinces here, has been just ok. I order the lobster bisque the first time I was there around their opening and it was good, every other time I've been back it seems to get worse. 
The burger in my opionion is not that good. It's a bacon cheeseburger. That's it. It's really nothing special, everytime I've ate this burger ( 4 times now ) it's been way overcooked and extremely salty. At first I thought it maybe was the bacon, tried the bacon, and actually the bacon needed salt. So I told my self not to order the burger next time back. 
I've tried to like this place. But the last time I went really made my mind up for me. I sat down with the girl and some friends after drinking over priced middle of the road beers, glanced at the menu and saw meatloaf. Now I'm not the person to seek out meatloaf, but I figured if anyone can make a bangin meatloaf their chef can. So holding my excitement back I ordered the meatloaf in anticapation of what was ahead of me. I was thinking best meatloaf ever. So the server arrives to the table and places the food down in front of everyone, and I front of me he lies a pulled pork sandwich. I'm confused, the table is confused after hearing me order the meatloaf and talking about how it may erase the memories of horrid meatloafs past. After 10 minutes of sitting there with no server to be found I ate this pile of garbage they called pulled pork. I never said anything out of fear of what I may said to the server, I was extremely pissed. 

That being said I will never walk through those doors again. After spending hundreds of dollars in this establishment, I give up. Hopefully the money I have spent here will go to one more month of PR. They will surely need it, without the hype this place is just another bar. Nothing more. 

Also the spotted pig called they want their menu back.
Do you like good music?  Good food?  Great service?

Pub and Kitchen consistently delivers as one of the best bars in Center City.  Located on a Graduate Hospital corner, only the "Pabbit" on the wall indicates this beautiful gem of a restaurant.

The menu changes daily but staple items such as the Fish and Chips with smashed peas stay as a yummy constant.  Their barrel aged Manhattans diminish any of the outside problems you may have brought in with you.  The beer list is also noteworthy with a carefully selected menu of some of my favorite brews including Sixpoint Brewery selections.

If you are like any good Philadelphian and stake claim at the bar during all Phillies games, this is the place to do it.  Pub and Kitchen has provided a bar full of believers during the regular and post season without the aggravation of being in a meaty sports bar.
Went back here last night and just needed to update my review to give a shout out to the service.  Friendly, helpful, and definitely made the experience.
Also a shout out to the new dessert--a chocolate peanut butter mousse.  Wonderful.
I live really close to P&K so I've been a few times. It's a nice place to knock back a few fancy beers and forget for a couple hours that you're living check to check.  I call it "luxuriating."

The bar itself is beautiful, I love the remodelling that they did. Chaucers was dark and unwelcoming (though the food was delicious). Pub and Kitchen is the opposite...as far as the decor. At times the crowd can seem a little pretentious. Other times, it's a very chill place.

The waitresses and bartenders are pretty chatty. Some people like that, some don't.  I for one just want my drink. Also, service is kind of slow regardless of crowd size.

I've never tried any of the entrees but the fries and cheese plate are good.  

Overall, I like the place. WIll I become a regular? Not likely. But I'll be back for that famous burger once my waistline and wallet are in agreement.
3.5 stars - and that's partially because I do miss Chaucer's.  Oh Chaucer, you with your oriental rugs pinned on the ceiling, your free jukebox and your overall lovely and dive-y charm - how I miss you!  You were a definite memory maker (even though I don't exactly remember everything that happened there - though I'm sure it was commemorated in that photo album they kept at the bar...)

But one must move on.  Pub and Kitchen did, though they kept certain remnants of Chaucers, like the bar and the booths (which I appreciate)  It's definitely airier (and most definitely cleaner) and I love the addition of the two big french doors lending much light to the space.  It's a completely different atmosphere which I like (and at times makes me nostalgic for Chaucer's)

What I'm not nostalgic about was Chaucer's cuisine.  This is where the Pabbit has lept and bounded above the former tenant.  Though a bit expensive, the menu (with its tantalizing bar snacks) is lovely (if not a bit too ambitious).

The bar has got a decent beer and wine selection - and speaking of, I also like that the Pabbit has the beer balls to serve Miller Lite on tap.  Not everyone always wants to drink a belgian or micro brew- sometimes, I like to slum it too (beer-wise, of course)  

The outdoor tables are-a-plenty, and I like the big wood slab that runs alongside the wall from across the bar too- it doubles the bar seating and gives you a place to rest your beverage or your snacks.  

The crowd, as aforementionned in other reviews can tend towards the yupperites, but during the week it is simply pleasant.

Oh Chaucer, I'll never forget you - but the Pub and Kitchen has made a decent, clean eatin' and drinkin' place out of you.
Good brunch too! They have a couple of different bloody mary options, plus a few other brunch appropriate cocktails. I usually don't order the sweet things at brunch, but I went for french toast and it was just right.  It was served with homemade jam and a vanilla bean butter, plus I ordered a side of very fluffy scrambled eggs. Place is better with every visit.
The feel of Pub & Kitchen is very warm, and defiitely reminds me of slightly slicker village Pubs I've been to in England - but it's a bit pricey for what you get. I had the fish and chips which would have been great for $10, but cost $17. The Pork Scratchings were a bit too hard and chewy. The mussels special was nothing amazing.

This place has great atmosphere and is a nice neighborhood bar, but that's about it. I would go back though.
I hate to say this but RIP Pub & Kitchen Burger.

Came back yesterday to check out the new menu (and new chef) and was unfortunately pretty disappointed. First off, this is not anywhere near the best burger in the city anymore. The whole two small patties thing makes absolutely no sense, especially if they really are blending the meat itself. It just leads to overcooked meat, which doesn't taste good. It needs to be one large patty so that it can be ordered as something other than well-done. Also, the cheese is tasteless. The previous burger had such a great chedder/bleu/something else mix and had so much flavor, and not it's a utterly tasteless thin slice of american cheese. Add in a tiny piece of lettuce and no tomato (even though the menu said tomato) and an overly hard piece of bread, and you have a boring burger. The pickles and mayo were necessary additions, but it's saying something when the mayo is the best part. The burger needs something like bitter greens to balance the sweetness of the pickles and something salty to complement the seasoning of the burger. Bacon, it needs bacon.

The fries were also disappointing. Our resident potato expert in the group identified that the potatoes were not soaked in water before being fried, leading to all of the starch remaining in the fries and resulting in rock hard fries. Hard to eat. 

It wasn't all bad though. The suckling pig bouchons were great, especially with the capery, lemony sauce served with them. There's also a decent beer list (not as interesting as it used to be but still fine) and some interesting cocktails. 

All in all, it's still not a bad neighborhood spot, but it's not a bright and shining light like it used to be. I used to love the place and the food, but with so many other gastropubs in the area, I'm not sure how long it will take to make it back.
This is a great spot if you live in Grad Hospital and want a break from the noise at Ten Stone or want a little more privacy than Tangier can offer (not a knock on either of those places, I love them too).

We stopped in the other night for drinks and ordered a few things to munch on. The oyster sampler was 2 of each variety on the menu (6 total) for $15 - not a bad deal in my book. They weren't the biggest oysters I ever had, but the flavor was good and fresh.

The pièce de résistance was the English onion soup (pork based, not beef and with cheddar on top unlike the French version). Amazing! I could have sat there and had 3 more bowls, but my holiday figure has suffered enough.

Of course, I'm not overly concerned about my health, so we finished everything off with a chocolate pot de creme, served with butter cookies. Very nice, but my system of late has been suffering from chocolate overload so it might not have registered as well as it normally would have.
It was Zinski S.'s birthday. We tried to take her to Pumpkin prior to our train back to DC. But...the conference let us out at 4:00 and a very strange set of circumstances had me, Lino J., Mags, and Zinski S. at the door of Pumpkin around 5:15 and it didn't even open until 6:00 plus we didn't have any wine and it was a BYOB. Some guy with a scruffy beard standing outside of Pumpkin suggested we go to Pub and Kitchen. I didn't want to do it. I had no idea about Pub and Kitchen. The 'net was acting funny and I couldn't get on yelp mobile. Plus we'd released our taxi and had to walk 4 blocks in the cold and wind and with our suitcases. UGH! Not happy. 

When we finally got there, it was only a few other parties in the place and we were seated right away. The hostess was nice enough to let us stow our luggage for free in the "baby high chair storage area". Thanks! Things must be looking up. 

It was dark in there and they had one votive candle on the table, which we were all vying for to use to read the menu. They ordered a carafe of the house merlot. Hmmm. Ok. Now look. I'm no wine snob like Miles from Sideways but that swill was undrinkable. I was ordering scallops so I ordered a glass of some OR riesling. 

The scallops were a little overcooked. The pea shoot emulsion and mushrooms were good with them. I don't know it wasn't all terrible. I was just a tiny bit bent out of shape at having my plans highjacked by some dude on the street with a scruffy beard and being seated in a restaurant I had never even looked up on yelp. 

When the bill was paid, I zoomed out of the place without even visiting the ladies room. I flagged down a taxi and waited while the rest of the group caught up. I cannot safely say I would ever go back to Pub and Kitchen on my own. A strange set of circumstances would have to take me there as I found it only a-ok.
What's interesting about Yelp is what is great for some folks is a total turn off for another.

Pub N'Kitchen (y'all can use that) is a study in this phenomenon.

Walking in, some folks get excited by the darkness, the crowd, the energy that having a bunch of people in their early twenties can bring.  

All of that just brings out the fuddy duddy in me.  

Pub N'Kitchen is very dark, very loud, and very hip.  We we're told that there was a forty minute wait.  Since we broke out of South Philly, we decided to stick it out out for a table.  After a bit, we were seated upstairs which is much quieter.  More kitchen, less pub, I guess. But, we were seated across from a huge group of Penn kids, so you can imagine how that was.  They were doing shots along with their dinner.  At one point, the waitress accidently hip checked one of our future leaders out of her chair, drunkenly sprawling to the ground.  

The food is good.  One downside is there was no vegetarian option, which is an issue, as my wife is one.  I had the wings and the Parliment Burger.  Tasty, and at the right price for my wallet.  

I guess for me, the main point is this.  At no point did I ever feel relaxed.  The noise and the crowd spooked me, like a frightened bunny.  And the dark lighting didn't help.  It made me feel like I was in a house haunted by drunk college kids.

So the takeaways:  The food is great, the prices are ok, but the atmosphere isn't really my idea of ideal.
Went here on recommendation to try the gnudi and I may not be taking recommendations from that person again. They seemed to be pan seared, smothered in butter and then served in a greasy oily mess. Gross. 
Also, trying to get my bartenders attention from him flirting with the female bartender  made my experience even worse. When he finally would come over he acted annoyed that I was breaking up his little moment.
Me and my girlies come here now and then. Recently we had stellar service. 

The deviled eggs are nearly as good as the dreamy ones at Village Whiskey! We always have to get an order of the fries which are better than Monk's! 

The chocolate peanut butter mousse was insane.

If you live in the area stop in. It's a cosy place to have a drink or come in for a meal.
Wow, this place was packed on a  Wednesday night.

If I'm going to pay $18 for fish and chips, then there had better be a decent amount of fish.  Fail.  Half of what was served to me was batter with no filling.  My girlfriend had a better experience but there was still nowhere near enough fish for this premium price point.  The batter itself was good though, the closest to proper english fish batter I've had in the States.  However, the mushy peas were an abomination.  Worst mushy peas...ever.

The beer selection is solid and I think it would be the only reason I'd go back.  All their entrees just seem overpriced for what you get.  Someone needs to tell the owners that the whole Gastropub revolution involved good quality food at normal pub prices, not overcharging for pub classics.
First off, any bar that has dogfish head raisen d'etre on tap is already a-ok in my book!! Now on to the food, the wife and I both had the english onion soup and the burger/fries - the english onion soup had chunks of pork in it which I wasn't expecting - its a tasty soup for sure - but if you're looking for a "traditional" french onion soup you might not want this. (I guess that's why its called english onion soup and not french onion soup :)
It's kinda funny because as we were waiting for our burgers we heard the table behind us (who all ordered the burger) comment how philly is going through a burger revolution - which is kinda true with all these burger places popping up. Anyhow,  the burger did not disappoint - cooked medium rare as we ordered it - and a nice size - and very flavorful.

The service was impeccable. My water glass never made it to half empty as they had someone going around filling water glasses on a regular basis (big plus in my book).

We definitely will be going back to try out some more things on the menu!
This place is really charming inside and just what you need if you feel like a traditional European pub.  Service is friendly, and there's a huge bar that's nice and open to the street on good days.  But, I think it's overpriced.  Four of us went and had 4-5 small plates and ended up with a bill upwards of $100 - pretty crazy.  The mussels were dry and not too flavorful.  The rest of the food, I can't remember. A nice neighborhood option for a drink.
Coming into Philadelphia for the weekend to visit my sister, hitting up the train directly after work and arriving in late Friday night, meant we were worried about finding a good place to eat.  In DC when its past 11, your options are usually somewhat limited to Jumbo Slice, Ben's Chili Bowl, Amsterdam Falafel or their ilk -- good late night places (well not Jumbo Slice) with cheap satisfying food.  We wanted something more substantial and less greasy, so we were happy when my sister suggested Pub & Kitchen.  Her friends had been raving about it and they served their full menu until 1 am.  

Food:  We ordered a lot at the table, the best part being I got to try it all.  And all of it was great. The most delicious gnocchi I've ever tasted (served with crab and vegetables); amazing wings in honey whiskey sauce (which are also probably the biggest bargain on the menu, a huge plate for $9); a great, perfectly dressed arugula salad with watermelon, mint and feta; and a hearty and flavorful burger.  If I had to choose a weak spot it would be the fries that came with the burger, a little soggy, but such a minor complaint.  Everything else was great.
 
Drinks: I had (okay several) mojitos, which tasted crisp and clean, with a generous amount of mint and not overdone on the sugar.  I also tried the sangria which was good but nothing to write home about.  Great variety of beers that the rest of the table chose from.

Service: From looking at the other reviews, it seems that service can be spotty.  But we had great service and a fairly attentive server.  It helped that the bar wasn't too crowded but I never felt like I had to wait for anything.

Finally, they have a pig-rabbit for their logo.  Awesome!  (although it creeped out my bf a little bit, I love it).
I went here for brunch on a Sunday expecting large crowds as the weather is spring-y for the first time in months. When I arrived around 1pm, P&K was solid, but not busy (empty booths and not much of a waiting line, just 2 small parties ahead of me about to be seated). Note: I have been here multiple times previously at night for drinks and light fare and found it a decent time, beers are a bit overpriced but aren't they all these days. 

Music: Was stale, few year old alternative soft rock of the worst variety... the Killers, Keane, Deathcab... just... old. But appropriate me thinks for the clientele (that comes next). If it was a staff member's iPod then they need their music privileges revoked. Not only was it inappropriate music for a Sunday brunch, but inappropriate for a bar with such a great decor.  

Patrons: Belong in Manayunk, not center city. Guys covered in nothing but popped collar polos and sandals with shorts... are we serious? And of course the experience isn't complete without a compliment of drunk post-sorority women (mid to late 20s) being self important and yelling at each other about Macy's and god knows what else. 

Staff: Young, bright and very friendly, but apparently inept at their jobs. The hostess forgot to seat me, the bartender forgot to get my beer, and between those two and a waitress, they had quite a bit of trouble helping someone else purchase a simple gift card, bouncing him back and fourth between each other until they finally were able to tag-team him out the door. 

The hostess told me there was a party ahead of me and I would have to wait one moment for a table. No problem, I let her know I would sit at the end of the bar (closest to the door) to wait. She managed to forget I was there until I was able to make eye contact as she peeked in the door at one point. She was apologetic and I appreciated it, instead of her trying to play it off, gold star right there. Also, while at the bar, the bartender managed to take my beer order, but then forgot to actually get it for me until she walked by two or three more times with a 'oh'. My server was pleasant, but took long in every action he performed (giving a menu, taking my order, clearing my table, getting my check). Which would make sense if it was busy... alas, I was one of only a few diners seated in his area - there were at least 4 open tables in my eye sight. 

Food: I ordered the "breakfast americana" ($10), or whatever trite name they came up with for two eggs with bacon, toast and potatoes. The portion was underwhelming for brunch fare to begin with and to add insult to injury, they managed to break one of my over easy egg yolks and instead of replacing it, decided to serve it after overcooking the yolk so it was gummy. I assume this was done so it wouldn't be noticeable to the expediter. So, on to the eating bit: out of the two eggs, one was edible and at that task it managed to be under seasoned and bland even though there were flecks of herbs atop. Good start. The potatoes were covered in a reddish grease(paprika? it didn't taste like anything so would make sense) and were severely undercooked to the point of crunchy, not even a bit of crispy skin on the outside of a single one. However, the perhaps 10 pieces of bacon that accompanied the 1/2 cup of potatoes, two medium eggs and two 1/8 inch slices of white bread toast (with a big dollop of butter laid on them) were slightly overkill (rolls eyes), but obviously they know their strengths as it was cooked well, and had a decent taste (not overly salty). I did mention the cracker thin pieces of toast right? ok, whew.

I can't stress how poorly executed this food was, and this at 1pm after a few hours of brunch service already? If you can not make a simple over-easy egg correctly I doubt you can do much else right either. 

Summary: "Yo bro, wanna grab some brewskis and grub?" Unless this statement would cause you to high five your 'brother' in glee then, no. Look elsewhere for a much better meal on a gorgeously weathered day... the city has so much to offer in respect to brunch fare and a better class of patrons, for you to settle for Pub and Kitchen is a travesty worse than being served $10 gummy yolks. Stick to beer and burgers after dark. 

Note: I signed up for Yelp just to post this review, I hope it was as good for you as it was for me.
P&K may have just become my crosstown love.

Finally, I made it here. LOVE IT. Reminds me of an Austin feel with the elevated pub-food concept that is uniquely Philly. 

Service was GREAT. Food was excellent. I like the wine list. Good beer list. Totally accommodating with food allergies and issues.

Sweet vibe. 

Can't say enough about the servers and hostess knowing about the bricks and history. And being attentive to food allergies. That touch is "Philly" ... and appreciated. 

Why cross Broad ... for the P & K, baby. UM Um uuuuuummmmm
As a pretentious yuppie, I love Pub and Kitchen!!  .... Oh wait, I'm neither a yuppie nor pretentious.  I'm just a food and beer-loving gal who is comfortable hanging with people from all walks of life.  Ok then.  I still love Pub and Kitchen!

The menu, while small, has well earned the hype.  The upscale pub food concept works!  P&K makes the first decent fish n' chips I've had in this city.  So flaky and delish.  Every little item was amazing... the mussels appetizer, the savory thin fries, even the mushy peas.

My one quibble is I wish there were at least one vege option.  Yeah I'm not really a vegetarian, considering I ate fish & chips, mussels, and a bite of my man's lobster BLT.  But still, I'm curious to see what the chef could do with non-formerly sentient ingredients.

The beer selection is above-average, though the prices are too.  And for $6 it wouldn't kill them to give you a full pint rather than a small glass. 

The service and atmosphere were excellent on an early Saturday evening.  We had a largish group (anything above 4 will be a stretch in the main room) plus an extra person showed up later, but our waitress was sweet and welcoming to all.  She was fun to talk to as well, and she gave good recommendations on beer & foods.

P&K is a little too far above my usual price range to become a new regular spot, but I think the price reflects the quality (except for the beer volume issue discussed above).  I'll definitely be back.
VISIT HISTORY: 
- last visit: last night to watch the final Michigan vs Villanova game with my girlfriends 
- frequency: been here about 5x 
- next visit? I live 2 blocks away and this is one of my go to place to suggest if I'm feeling too lazy to travel far from my place but still wanna take my friends to a decent/nice place 

FOODRINK:
- sweet potato fries: I love fries. No wait, I LOVE fries. It's sprinkled with some cheese and is pretty thick.
- brussel sprouts: saucy! Too much sauce for my taste 
- the meatballs: the sauce makes the meatball game so strong. It's so colorful and each hue represents a flavor. When you stare down at the rainbow colors of the sauce, it's a flavor party. Would definitely get again. 
- beer: solid beer menu. Not outstanding but not subpar. Satisfactory. 
- food is on the "pricier" end but I think the value-worth is there overall 

VIBE: 
- could be friendly, could be date-ish
- it's a place where I feel like it could be my "home" local friend bar
- it's dark but has cool lightings. Feels like classy Christmas Eve without the obnoxious festivity and the annoying drunks 
- beautiful and simple decor with modern vibe 
- the bouncer there was hilarious the last time I went 
- I wish the place was called the rabbit 
- wait time: hard to grab the bartenders as they are always busy
I stepped in on a late saturday night to check out the place. it was crowded with yuppies, young and old, fresh from abercrombie and fitch king of prussia mall shopping sprees. it looked expensive, like 6 dollar beers and martinis equal to cds. so i worked my way down the steps to the bathroom and took a piss on the floor. ha, not quite. i would never. i put the toilet to good use. 

Don't expect anything like the old Chaucer's, which was wonderfully wooden, just dark enough, just dive-y enough, like a compacted version of AC's Irish Pub on St. James.
We came here for dinner and drinks. My fish po boy was top notch, and pretty affordable. The sweet potato fries are also delicious. The atmosphere is really nice, but a bit loud to hear someone from across the table. The service was not so great; the waiter forgot my side order of fries completely, and was really pushy about us leaving when we were finishing off our drinks.
One of my favorite local niehborhood bar/restaurants! I can't get enough of the friendly people who work here! The food is amazing and nicely priced. The portions are great and the atmosphere is fun and festive! They decorate for all seasons and has a bit of an old world charm. I'm always expecting to see a fireplace every time I walk in!!! Make sure you ask for Alexis if your going to sit at the bar and tell her Xtian (Christian) sent you. She will make you feel as if she has known you for years! During the spring and summer months, try sitting outside with its decorated flower beds that line the street! So much fun!
It was our first time in Philly last October and the weather was nice enough to we wander from neighborhood to neighborhood. On the way back to the hotel we spied what looked like a pub at which to kill time before another restaurant opened.

I was more than pleasantly surprised by the beer menu, and the "snacks," including one of the best cheese plates I've ever tasted had us thinking we might have to cancel our other dinner reservations. To round out a meal, my wife had a fish dish with "smushy peas" and I had the sage/apple/pumpkin risotto.

It was also early enough in the day that we completely missed the most of the dinner/drinks after work crowd, so the atmosphere held up. We practically had the place to ourselves for a while. All in all it was the perfect place to stumble into.
Okay, people are too hard on this place.

I had a burger, a few beers, and the brussel sprouts.  The burger was excellent (though it was too huge for me to finish) and the brussel sprouts were good (though not great).  I think the best part of this place might be the space.  Even though the restaurant is pretty big, the atmosphere is home-like and cozy.
Tonight enjoyed 4-6 pm happy hour. 6$ wine half off drafts. A special hot dog $2 for the home opener and it didn't disappoint. Their shoelace fries are also perfect addition
Apparently folks west of broad have lower expectations when it comes to service . The snottier the vibe the more popular the establishment . 

My Sunday brunch experience here was pretty mediocre as far as service goes , our entrees however kept this review at a solid 3 stars.

We literally sat for almost 20 min with no acknowledgement from anyone. I finally had to ask someone who/ where our server was.


We shared the burratta and grilled peaches , grilled salad and tempura shisito peppers. 
Everything was delicious and made for a very did deny type of brunch than I'm used to. The cocktail list has something for everyone and they have the game on which is a bonus.

I won't rush back - 

Pro tip : the frittata isn't an option any longer you are welcome for the heads up .
I am surprised at some of the low ratings. I have been here a few times and have always had a good time. Last night 3 of us went and ate at the bar and had a blast with the bartenders Jen and Nashia. The Monsieur, their version of grilled cheese with ham is amazing as is the Windsor burger. I have yet to try anything else because I can;t bring myself to go there and not order one of those 2. The beer selection is decent speckled hen, yards, victory and other on draft.  It does get insanely packed on the weekends especially around happy hour/dinner.  I tend to stick to going there weeknights after the dinner rush.
Unlike most city-dwellers, I don't really have a regular neighborhood spot I frequent. But if any place came close to that for me, it'd be P&K. Not only is P&K just a few blocks from my door, but I find myself craving their burgers on a regular basis. 

The atmosphere of P&K is laid back. So laid back, in fact, that they don't take reservations. That's really my only gripe with the place. It's a great spot for any meal, brunch included. And in the summer, it's perfect for al fresco dining. 

You really can't go wrong with anything on the menu here. But you might have a hard time finding something to eat if you're a vegetarian. P&K is all about burgers, seafood, and red meat. The current signature burger, the Churchill, is one of my favorites in Philadelphia. Melt in your mouth meaty goodness. 

The beer menu isn't pages long, but has some unique choices that compliment the food. But don't overlook the specialty drinks! They can make a cocktail to rival any on the menu at Franklin Mortgage. 

It can tend to be pretty loud on a friday or saturday night, so if you're planning on talking to your date, try and go a little earlier.
Everyone in our party of 4 had to try their famed burger -- we found it good, not great with inexplicable variations in how well-cooked each one was. You get two thin, stacked burgers.  I don't like the lack of juiciness in a pressed flat burger but as long as it's not over-cooked it can be good (but not great).  Mine was pink within. Good.  My friend's was well-done and hard.  They were all ordered and cooked at the same time so, given how many they make, it should be down to a science. (Or math.)  The thin fries were good, not destination fries, but good.  I liked our server, who accommodated our individual variations on their burger, but she did overlook warning me off their garlic aoli which comes on the burger even though I'd alerted her to my garlic allergy.  (I don't see a need to ever put mayonnaise on a burger -- they are fatty enough.)

I will return to try other menu items that looked appealing.  Hard wood seating was surprisingly comfortable.

They do NOT offer a gluten free burger bun, just bunless burgers on a plate for the IBS-sufferer in our group. Had to ask to have it on lettuce. (P&K doesn't offer any gluten free bread option, despite this town having an excellent gluten free bakery, Taffett's, that delivers their great burger bun, baguettes, and breads to many area restaurants, including the nearby Miles' Table.  12% of US households buy gluten free products, most because of serious health reasons.  That's a big chunk of potential patrons to be refusing to accommodate. And, clearly, the waitstaff is not well versed enough in the ingredients of each dish, or I'd have been warned off the aoli when I declared a garlic allergy.)

Still, giving them another shot, with my guard up. It's a very casual, pleasant space.
Nice place and friendly staff, but wow, the food was dreadful. The deviled eggs tasted sour, the clams were amazingly too salty, the pasta dish had zero flavor and the veggie burger had a weird blend of spices. If you're coming for the drinks and loud atmosphere, this is your spot. Stand clear from the food. Not worth it.
One of my favorite new restaurants in town.  I love the atmosphere here, and there always seems to be a lively crowd at the bar.  The food is impressive - when I came to a restaurant with the word "Pub" in its name, I was not expecting anything special, but was very pleasantly surprised.  I had some great raw oysters here, and the burger is fantastic.  My favorite thing on the menu though is the french fries with truffle dipping sauce.  Delicious.
Perfecto!

Honey whiskey wings, Yards Brawler, Six Point Sweet Action, Windsor Burger, their gnocchi, awesome staff.

Super music selection playing in the background that isn't too loud/too soft.
does the still-on-the-rise gho area need another "i'm trying too hard to pretend i'm not trying' bar?
apparently, the answer was yes.
pub and kitchen occupies the former chaucer's space. now it's sleek and modern with a long wooden bar, some seats, some tv's.  a menu that includes some fancied up bar food, lotsa beer, and wines by the bottle and by the glass.
the crowd is a mix of the same "i'm trying too hard to pretend i'm not trying" types, and some dirty hipsters.  yay for outdoor seating.
boo to the bartender who was kind of a bitch.  i'm glad your parents stopped by at the bar, but seriously, you asked my friends not to take the now open stools so your parents can sit?  go grab other chairs for them.
if i lived closer, i'd probably be back.
I found myself in Pub and Kitchen in the middle of the snowstorm on Saturday night. Originally looking for a coffee shop to read a good book for a little time outside of the house I ended up with a beer and an order of fries and not enough light to read. Luckily, it was just what the Dr. ordered. Tucked away at one of the last tables in the bar area I enjoyed great service and a tasty snack for the cold weather. The fries were perfectly thin cut and crisp on the outside with a nice light texture inside. The truffle dijonnaise that accompanied them was tasty although a bit heavy on the truffle (and I love truffle anything). The beer list was extensive and varied enough for any palate and the dimly lit interior was the stuff of poetry. I will definitely be back.
Food is well prepared and tastes great. Service was ok but not great. 

That being said, it's probably unfair to judge a place based upon its clientele? But it was hard to overlook. Mostly loud frat boys/ sorority girls that really detracted from the experience.
Ive been here three times and have never been disappointed.  As other reviewers have already stated, the burger here is certainly worth the visit.  In fact, it seemed that the majority of patrons in the surrounding tables were only ordering the burger as evident by the light golden brioche bun protruding from the heap of thin fries.

They dont accept reservations, yet every time I go, they manage to seat us within 10 minutes.  The bar looks very lively since I always have to plow through the crowd in order to get to the tables which are in the back.  

The place exudes a yuppie feeling.
I wish I could give Pub & Kitchen 3.5 stars.  I had the trout over lentils and carrots, and my meal was absolutely delicious.  My fiance got the chicken with an Irish biscuit and green beans, and he loved his, too.  The problem wasn't the quality of the food -- it was the too-loud music and the yupster atmosphere.  They were playing some of the cheesiest "contemporary hits of today" the whole time we were there, and it was so loud that we could barely hear each other.  We'll definitely go back, but maybe right at 5pm or for brunch, before they feel the need to amp up the Nickelback.
Because it's so darn close, my husband and I have been here several times and I must say, we've been progressively more disappointed, which is why I'm writing this review. Unless you plan on dining at P&K in the 5:00 hour, it's very crowded and loud, to the point where we have to shout to hear each other across the table. So much for intimate conversation! Another thing we have noticed is that we are treated differently if one (or both) of us orders an alcoholic beverage. We're not big drinkers and when we choose not to have beer or wine with our meal, we shouldn't feel pressured to do so in the hopes that we'll receive better service. A classic example: the last time we were there, our waitress was visibly disappointed that we weren't ordering drinks and told us that the kitchen was backed up about 30 minutes and that it would probably take a while for us to get our food. We waited for a little while, and the waitress came back once or twice to see if we wanted anything from the bar, until my husband finally caved and ordered a beer. Wouldn't you know it - the waitress's attitude changed and our food came out about a minute later. How convenient. Finally, a note about the food. We've been with P&K through a few menu changes now and the latest menu revision is very disappointing. They got rid of our favorite items on the menu - the BBQ pulled pork sandwich and the Parliament burger. The menu offers a roasted pork sandwich, which is supposed to be a spin-off of the kind you'd get at DiNic's in Reading Terminal, but it fails. The only burger choice is now the $18 burger (Churchill, I think?), probably due to the fact that when they had 2 burger choices, I'm sure more people ordered the $14 option. Clever. Speaking of the new pork sandwich and burger, just a heads-up: they will ask you if you want a salad or fries, even though they charge you extra for the fries, a fact that they fail to disclose when you think you actually have an equal choice. I think the bottom line for us is that we don't really have a reason to come back here for a while, between the disappointing menu and the tacit pressure to order alcohol.
This was a great spot for brunch! They have a nice menu, and it has different types of dishes you wouldn't traditionally find. They have lots of veggies options and egg dish variations.
Warning, I am all over the place with my review of Pub and Kitchen. I have to say we had wonderful service but it was an extremely loud restaurant and at times impossible to communicate with her.  We made a mistake by bringing my mother who is in her mid 70's for dinner.  What was I thinking?! In my defense, the last time I had been to P&K was over an early weekend lunch and it was really quiet. If there is a next time I'll sit in the back room and perhaps leave her at home.  
     As far as the food my review is mixed. The menu didn't seem to offer enough standard pub fare or traditional dinner plates. Our server was friendly and upbeat and pretty darn quick considering that the restaurant was jam packed this early Saturday evening. Our table shared very creamy yummy deviled eggs. The eggs were fairly standard but didn't last long to really mull over their merits.  I had AMISH CHICKEN with a savoy cabbage roll and butternut squash.  I was really looking forward to it because it was highly recommended on other reviews. Unfortunately this was not a wow dish for me. Our server said that it was a half of a chicken but it just didn't seem to pan out The piece of chicken was underwhelming what. The stuffed cabbage was odd and all in all the plate was one dimensional. The menu for dinner was fairly limited and I wish they had a few more items to choose from Igather that The kitchen must be small. I will say, one of my dinner partners had the cheese and charcuterie platter. That looked  delicious. The onion dip by standard, the waffle chips were addictive! 
So in conclusion if you're bringing granny out perhaps choose a different spot for dinner.  I personally would recommend sticking to the pub like food... snacks, chicken wings, dips and for sure the  waffle chips! If you are adverse to loud restaurant dinners just go for drinks.
Who would have thought that mushy peas would actually be fantastic? That was my recent surprise at Pub & Kitchen, where I took and out of town friend. 

We started with a cheese-plate appetizer. The selection was well-balanced, and just enough for 2 people. 

But it was the fish and chips with mushy peas that was the real surprise. The fish was excellent - golden on the outside but light and flaky inside. The chips were pleasant. But it was the mushy peas side that was just amazing. They were fresh, green and just hinting of curry. What was really embarrassing is I told the server there was no way I was going to eat them when I saw them on the menu, but he told me he was going to leave them on my plate anyway, because I just might change my mind. He was 100% correct. 

I'll definitely return.
This has been a week of great eats! 

After enjoying a stroll through the Halloween festivities in the area, we headed over to P&K for drinks and dinner. I like the ambiance in here, and the bartender was personable. 

Eats: 
-Calamari- it's easy for calamari to be good because it's fried and delicious, but there's flavor in this batter and that makes this calamari awesome 

-Fries with aioli- they're shoestring which to me, means more fun to eat! 

-Grilled lettuce salad- not sure that anyone ever really says, "this is an awesome salad," but folks, this is an awesome salad. The grilling gives the lettuce this great taste and texture; the cherries brighten things up, the hazelnuts round out the texture, and the cheese is a bonus. Don't miss this 

-Wings- I liked these, we got the lemon salt + pepper ones, they were sweeter than we were expecting and a dry rub, as opposed to a saucy, preparation
No reservations
About the food, or for seats
Feels like a friends house

It's taken me a while to get around to a proper review of Pub & Kitchen, an unfortunate circumstance of it being in my neighborhood which, for better or for worse, means it is a frequent nightspot.

Fortunately almost every experience here has been toward the better. I'll get the single annoying aspect of P&K out of the way from the outset: they don't take reservations. Annoying if you want to eat immediately, or are coming with a large group, but otherwise it's just a good excuse to down a few beers while you wait.

I used to head over here pretty regularly back in 2006-07 when it was Chaucer's. It was a nice spot then, and it's an even better spot now. The interior is beautiful, lots of wood and candles downstairs, pretty open upstairs. While there is great outdoor seating in the summer, I love it here in the cold when it feels like walking into a friends richly appointed den and sharing a few beers over a game.

The bar gets pretty full most nights, but there's some standing room along the rail. They do a decent draft list, as well as a few cocktails and glasses of wine from the menu. The tap list won't blow you away, but everyone in any size group will find something suitable.

The menu changes pretty regularly, but the burgers and pub fare are stalwarts. And delicious. Actually everything is delicious. When your waitress rattles off the specials, listen closely, because they're similarly priced to the regular menu items and are often inspired by seasonal offerings.

Simply put, P&K is a perfect place to get good food (specifically a burger) and good beer at a fair price in a great atmosphere.
Had a generally good time here a P&K for a friend's birthday party.  We rented out the entire second floor for this extravaganza, and the food and service were both good.  Only caveat: parking is simply hellacious, at least for a weekend night, and after driving around for half an hour I ended up parking about five blocks away.  If you are planning on dining here, be sure to allow extra time to park or take your corporate helicopter.  I'm sure the CEO won't mind.
oh, sweet jeebus, this was the best brunch I've had in a long time. I had the smoked salmon platter--which is inspired by your traditional bagel & lox platter, but P+K takes it up a notch by serving their smoked salmon, cream cheese, onions, capers, cucumbers and tomatoes... on a =soft fennel pretzel=. Absolutely amazing combination of flavors, executed so, soooo well.

In addition, the menu boasts FOUR different types of bloody marys. I have said it before, and I'll say it again: bloody marys are my brunch drink of choice, and I'm on the quest for the best one in the city. P+K, you currently hold the title for the best--I had the Wrangler (spicy, served with a jalapeno garnish), and I tasted the El Capitan, which is again inspired by tradition but bumped up a notch--and served with an oyster garnish! 

I rarely have dessert with my brunch, but I was staring at the desserts chalked on the board during the entire meal, and the carrot ginger cake was calling my name--it wasn't my fault; he seduced me, and he was every bit as good as he promised. 

Despite the fact that the place was packed, the service was solid. Our server kept thanking us for our patience--no problem dude, you were packed & working your ass off--and gave my bf a free bloody mary, since he was outpacing me. We later learned, that in addition to getting the brunch rush, the computers all went down right after the place opened. The staff is very well trained; they were bustling, but the chaos was kept out of view from the customers. 

The only upside to the end of a weekend is a Sunday brunch at Pub + Kitchen.
I love this place. I've been coming for years. Know why? THE BURGER. At one point my good friends and I had a burger eat-off. I won't mention the restaurants in the running but Pub and Kitchen won the popular vote. Delicious, juicy, charred meat, great accompaniments(red onion, tomato, special sauce) and the french fries are so yummy. Last night I took two of my daughters here to introduce them to this burger dynasty and they, being burger snobs, agreed. The burgers here are delicious. This has been the case for a long time now. If you want a delicious burger, go here. But I also must mention, their food in general is tasty and well done. I've been here on more than one occasion for brunch and was not disappointed. Delicious bloody marys (and good food). Sweet outside tables too, if the weather is doing good things.
Our party of 2 (is that a party?) got there at about 7pm, and there was no wait, so it was a good way to start out the evening.

I've heard a decent amount about the Churchill burger, so the anticipation was building...aaaaaaand I was let down haha.  Folks, it's not worth $18.  After a few trips to Sketch on Girard Avenue, I'm convinced I could something similar for about half the price.

The bun was nice - not greasy at all.  And the flavor of the beef was good, I just didn't think the offering was worthy of the price tag.  The fries that come with the burger are also belgian-style, so if you're into those type of fries, they're on par with other places such as Monks, etc.

I was actually a little disappointed with what they had on tap as well.

Anyway, the atmosphere is very nice.  Everyone is getting on the rustic bandwagon, but personally, I love it haha.  Choice of music for the bar was also a plus.  So I think I'll be back again, but will avoid the burger and try some of their other options.

I agree with Holly T....I wish I could love it, but I left feeling a little...well, meh.
