This is a small friendly BYOB. My wife and I planned a meal for Valentines day. They had a special menu.
The restaurant is also cash only, so come prepared.
The meal was a 5 course dinner, four courses you picked and one standard course.
My wife picked a Spanish Rock Octopus with squid ink and a variety of accompaniments. She absolutely loved it. It was pleasant to look at. It was very earthy tasting. The Octopus was cooked to perfection.
I ordered a Garanelli Pasta with Duck. It was delicious as well. It was sweet and bitter to taste. It was well balanced and a decent portion.
The second course was mandatory, a Castle Mill Grits course. It had Taleggiao fondue, roasted grapes and saba. It was surprisingly good. I wished for more of the grapes, although now that I think of it- I believe it was changed up to macerated cherries soaked in wine. 
The course was flavorful. 
The main course I went for the Waygu Culotte Steak. It came with multiple sauces, three or four to try with the dish. It was flavorful. The steak was cooked rare and there was no choice on how it was cooked. Good thing I like it rare to medium rare. 
My wife loved the striped bass. She was impressed with the salsify that came with it. A miso was poured over the fish table side. 
On to the dessert choices, I had a malted milk pot de creme.  It was an excellent finish for the night. It was not too heavy, but decadent enough to enjoy. 
My wife ordered a goat cheese cake. It was a lemony small sized cake. Again just enough to finish the night off. It was a lovely creamy cheese cake. 
We finished with a good strong french press coffee. 

Service was excellent and very timely throughout. It was unobtrusive. But, we were left in want of nothing. 
I'd only comment negatively on the pace of the meal for the night. They were fast in bringing courses out. I like a slightly slower pace, especially on a special occasion. It was a lovely evening and would recommend this place to anyone.
Dinner at Pumpkin felt like a cross between a good home cooked meal and fine dining. The indoor space is small and intimate, and the staff is friendly. The food is delicious, but portions are small for the $50 per person cost. As a heads up, Pumpkin is a BYOB and the menu changes often. There is a daily menu posted on their website.

Last week, I went on a double date to Pumpkin. We arrived promptly and it took a few minutes to be seated, and then a few more minutes to be greeted and offered water. A few minutes after that a server offered to open our wine. For the small space, I was surprised by the service delays, but I believe that is due to the few number of employees, so that is understandable.

We asked our server for their favorites, and learned that almost everything on the menu was worth trying. I started with the Grilled Carrots, had the Flank Steak for my main, and finished my meal with the Panna Cotta. The Grilled Carrots were delicious, seasoned very well and probably the largest portion sized dish of the meal. My main issue with my meal, and the reason this review is 4 starts and not 5 is because the Flank Steak came with one sliver of a sweet potato and two pieces of broccolini. I understood why the steak portion would be on the smaller side, but to go minimal on the vegetables is confusing to me. They were delicious, and I wish there were more. The Panna Cotta was awesome. 

We were promptly brought our check and felt the pressure to get up and go because of the 90 minute time limits. With the slow service to start, it was frustrating to feel pressure to go. We paid, finished our wine, and left with a bag of Pumpkin seeds, which was a cute touch.

I would definitely return, if the daily menu had something I wanted to try.
Saturday night at Pumpkin had all the trappings of a great dinner for two. The intimate space was lit by candlelight and the heavy curtains by the doorway kept out any chill. 

The seasonal menu had some variety, but there were only one or two selections from both the starters and main courses that appealed to me. I ultimately chose the celery root soup followed by pan roasted monkfish. 

Warm, crusty bread was delivered to our table alongside roasted garlic olive oil. It was a delicious start to the meal. Starters came out quickly, and my soup turned out to be heavenly. The bowl was presented with some sauteed shallots and small rounds of apple, and the broth was poured tableside. I couldn't get enough of the velvety broth and incredible flavors, but luckily the portion size was generous. My boyfriend very much enjoyed his appetizer, which had tender pieces of octopus and squid. 

After the soup, I couldn't wait to taste the entrees. They were delivered shortly after our apps were cleared and were nicely sized. Unfortunately, they didn't live up to the starters. My monkfish was slightly too salty and came served along a river of capers. Next to that was a gelatinous square of pork belly that lacked meatier bits. Across the table, a ridiculously large piece of beef cheek was tender like a short rib, only not as moist, and much fattier. Our favorite part of this course was the side, the name of which escapes me. It was grainy like brown rice and served in the style of risotto, with some minced vegetables throughout and a sprinkling of parmesan on top. 

Even though we didn't love our entrees, the things we did enjoy were truly special. Service was also attentive and very informed. I absolutely see the potential here and I already have plans to return for an upcoming special event.
LOVE IT. Brought friends from out of town here and we had the BEST time! 

I'd been wanting to try Pumpkin forever, and when I had friends coming and found out we could get 1000 Opentable points for a reservation (Thursday at 9, but other times were available) it was a done deal. I also just got the City Dining Cards and there's one for Pumpkin (half the reason I bought them).

The atmosphere is great: intimate, low lighting, not too many seats, roomy tables, but not too loud. 

The service was wonderful: the waitress took our coats, and was SUPER helpful about describing (in detail) everything we asked her about (which was pretty much everything on the menu). When someone says, "these are the best scallops I've ever had" and describes raw fish like it's a piece of art, you listen.

THE FOOD (see photos)
Kanpachi Crudo-with pomegranate seeds, mustard seeds, and Asian pear: this was my favorite, so fresh, the raw fish just melted in your mouth, the flavors were amazing together, and just the right amount of kick.

Scallops- with lentils and beets: these were my friend's favorite, pan seared perfection and amazing (only 3 though, so don't order if you are more than 3).

Beef Cheeks-with black garlic and root vegetables: SO TENDER. the meat just fell off at the touch of a fork, the orange flavor was amazing but not overpowering, sauce was delicious, and vegetables were cooked great too.

Monkfish-with brussel sprouts, potatoes, and creme fraiche: the waitress described this as a "deconstructed chowder" and it was really good.

Fluke- with artichoke puree, trumpet mushrooms and read wine: my friend described it as "the best thing she'd eaten in a looooong time." Cooked perfectly and delicious.

Creamed Spinach- with gruyere: crunchy on top, delicious all over.

Chocolate cake-with banana caramel, coconut, passion fruit sorbet. DELICIOUS and the perfect way to end a perfect meal. Crunchy delicious bits of chocolate/cookie crumbs/coconut, delicious caramel drenched bananas, moist, rich chocolate cake, topped with great sorbet.

After the appetizers and main course and sides, we were pretty full. The portions look small but the food was so delicious that we really savored it and it ended up being more than enough food. But when the dessert menu came around we couldn't resist and as my out of town friends said "you only go to Pumpkin once!" (hopefully that's not true) so we ordered dessert and I was glad we did. 


We were working on a good amount of wine and were the last people in the restaurant but they were super sweet about letting us stay as long as we wanted and we did not feel pressured at all even though they were clearly closing.

And the seeds they send you home with are just icing on the cake.

HIGHLY RECOMMEND AND CAN'T WAIT TO GO BACK!
We've been ordering takeout every weekend during the pandemic, but last weekend set the bar much higher. We'd been keeping an eye on Pumpkin's social media, just waiting for a menu that really jumped out for us. Friday was the day! We called around 1:30 to place our order for a 6:30pm pick-up. I was relieved that everything we had our eye on was still available. There was a small swap with one of the ingredients in an entree that I actually preferred over the original dish. 

My husband biked over to pick up our food and he reported that there were several people waiting for takeout when he arrived. Pumpkin has clearly been making a great effort to bring restaurant-quality meals to people in their homes for a reasonable price. Three courses for $35 was very reasonable for the experience we had on Friday! 

Unpacking the bag, I noticed that everything was packaged very nicely. I replated everything to elevate the experience. Our first course of shrimp escabeche and a crab cake was excellent; we didn't know if the main course could keep up but were happy to find that it did! My husband loved the halibut while I really enjoyed the flank steak (with potato salad instead of the original polenta). The desserts, panna cotta and rhubarb cake, were a perfect ending to what felt like a really special meal. We appreciate all the hard work from Pumpkin and will definitely order from them again! They'll also be at the top of our list for when it's safe to dine out again.
Sweet Jesus. It's been about a month since I had dinner here but I still remember it like it was yesterday.

Pumpkin is one of those places that has been around forever and I've always heard good things about it, but I never found a reason to go. I'm generally not big on the BYO scene because I'm more of a cocktail fan than a wine drinker and I don't drink often, so I use going out to dinner as my excuse to get tipsy.

I planned ahead for this meal and met up with a friend for drinks beforehand and scheduled a late dinner on a Saturday night (1000 Open table points hell yeah!).

We each got an app to start- I went with the lamb garganelli and she got the scallops. The scallop dish came with two big scallops, which I felt was a good value, and they were really delicious. The lamb ragu on the pasta was phenomenal - I attempted to re-create it at home a week later. The fresh mint really made it work. I wasn't as fond of their pasta choice - garganelli is like a small penne pasta but I would have preferred it with fusilli. It was hearty, spicy, and really delicious though. I ate it all.

We both ended up getting the same entree, the duck cassoulet. I really enjoyed it, but my duck was incredibly salty and when I compared it to a bite of B's hers was just right. Not sure how that happened but it was definitely on the salty side, even for this salt fiend.

That being said, I heated up the leftover beans, blood sausage, and duck the next day, topped it off with a fried egg, and had the most epically delicious post-gym breakfast of all time.Then I took a nap.

We also got dessert to share - the malted milk pot de creme. Order this!!! It is one of the best restaurant desserts I've ever had. It was glorious- smooth, creamy, crunchy bits, just sweet enough.

Total damage was about $100 before tip, so this place is not cheap. It was a bit pricier than I expected once I saw the menu actually, but I felt it was worth every penny. Definitely a special occasion meal for the future.

Also, are there more than 6 tables in this place? It felt like the tiniest restaurant I've ever been in which is saying something for Philly. Reservations very much needed.
Had a true 2020 winter outdoor dining experience here and it was delicious and lovely. A smattering of little booths partially enclosed but still open decorated and each with a heater made for our set up. 

We did a fixed three-course Friday night special and each dish was delicious, beautifully plated, and arrived quickly. Staff was cautious and kept distance which was fine. Started with a smoked quail leg and polenta with cranberry chutney that had such depth of flavor. Kelly has the salted potatoes which looked like a work of art. 

Dinner two of got the flank steak- beautifully cooked and with a delicious sauce and charred cabbage and sweet potato. The other had the grilled shrimp with chorizo and it was perfect. The quickly brought us our desserts: panna cotta, olive oil cake, and chocolate tort. Each was once again beautifully plated and rich! The olive oil cake was the table favorite by far. 

Delicious, safe, timely meal. Can't recommend this enough for foodie friends looking for a nice night out, a date, or a just because meal. 

Nice outdoor setup that braved the weather well! 

Ps I forgot my purse and they called me right away it was very kind of them and saved a lot of headache.
Pumpkin has been the MVP of our dining experiences during the pandemic. We've had two exceptional takeout meals at home, and this week we booked a table outside for my husband's birthday. We arrived right on time for our 6pm weekday reservation. The parklet set up in front of Pumpkin is super cute, with string lights and little flower pots. 

In addition to the three course menu for $35, there was also a menu of a la carte items. Those really appealed to us so we went to town and ordered: Lost Bread tavola, grilled olives, fluke crudo, hot tomatoes, salt potatoes, NJ hake, and flank steak. Everything was coursed out and the food was excellent. We ordered the chocolate cake with banana caramel for dessert, and it was brought out with a candle, which was so sweet. 

Our table was appropriately spaced from the one behind us, and servers were always wearing masks. There was also a bottle of hand sanitizer at the door in case you needed to enter (I did, to use the restroom), and a sign asking that you wait for assistance before entering, presumably since the space is small and they want to keep everyone distanced. 

We really lucked out with a nice summer night that wasn't too humid, and our celebratory dinner felt special and -almost- normal. We look forward to our next meal!
This BYOB has been around for a long long time, and has gone through many changes over the years. Its first few were really electric, and was one of the most popular in the city. Like many places, it got  into a groove and continued to keep the great dished coming.

However, that groove became less interesting as the years wore on, and the menu didn't change or adapt to the changing marketplace of Philadelphia's food scene.

That changed last year, when the owner-chef stepped down and gave the  kitchen over to a hot stuff young chef with experience working under Thomas Keller and a few places in Spain. 

For Philly, the food pushes the envelope into what is either known as molecular gastronomy or modernist cuisine, depending on who you are. About time Philly stopped being such a conservative town when it comes to culinary creativity! There is only so much Foie Gras a man can eat.

There prixe fixe menu on Sundays is $35/person and is a 5 course dinner that is by far the best value in fine dining in the city.

Just one caveat: the dining room is small and loud.
Pumpkin embodies the organic movement for me.  You feel good that you're being healthier and more earth-conscious, but it's hard to stomach buying a smaller head of lettuce for double the price of the behemoth down the aisle.  At this point in my economic life, I have seldom been moved by organic.   

However, I did come to Pumpkin for their $35 restaurant week deal and had a really nice meal.  Their berkshire pork terrine was beautiful, with colorful chunks of pistachio and cherries throughout.  Their skate wing was crispy and tender and the young root veges were cooked to al dente perfection.  As dessert, their chocolate cake was perfect - warm, light, but still a bit gooey, accompanied by a nice scoop of coconut ice cream.  Each of the courses was also accompanied by a couple finely made sauces and garnishes that were just as tasty as pretty.  

Everything was cooked very well, and I have few complaints.  But I think I met Pumpkin at the wrong time in my life.  One day when I'm older (and richer) we may yet become soul mates.  But for now, I'm looking for less demure and more portly companions.
Sweet holy moses, how have I not yet yelped Pumpkin??

I literally cannot imagine a better restaurant than Pumpkin.  BYOB?  Yes.  Menu is seasonal?  Yes.  Menu changes daily... DAILY, people!  Yes.  Life really does not get any better than this.

Oh wait!  Yes it does.  Know how?  Sunday evening $35 tasting menu.  Yes, you read that right.  $35.  Five courses.  $35.  $7 a course.  What kind of courses, you say?  Parsnip soup garnished with a perfectly crisp mushroom and lightly sauteed chantrelles.  Some kind of fish (memory failing...) with grapefruit supremes and fennel.  Arugula salad with apples and a light vinaigrette.  Tilefish with cauliflower puree.  Layered chocolate mousse cake with whipped cream.  Hop on the mailing list and get the ins on other special menus, like the 4-course sparkling-wine taster coming up...

I go out to eat to experience something I don't think I can do at home.  I want grilled octopus AND I want it paired with the unexpected chorizo and fingerling potatoes.  I like a seasonal dessert that features fall spices and poached winter pears.  Pumpkin pulls all of this off and more.

A lot of the low ratings for this place seem in large part due to the meat-centric nature of the menu.  I agree that any great city restaurant worth its salt should have at least one vegetarian (preferably one that can be made vegan) entree.  However, I wonder if the chef wouldn't be able to accommodate if you asked... the last time we were there for the Sunday night $35 menu, someone at the table across from us asked for something off menu and they seemed happy to oblige.
It may be a little pricey, but it's unbelievably worth it.  Pumpkin totally keeps Philadelphia fresh.

All their ingredient are fresh and local and it shows.  I've been here twice, both of Sundays during their 5 course menus.  We called ahead of time to tell them we eat only fish and no meat. They happily obliged.

From beginning to end it was a fantastic experience and I recommend to anyone.
This restaurant is a favorite of my man's brother. So much so, we have celebrated his birthday there for the last two years. And each time, we leave hungry and little bit annoyed.

Why?

Well, we're looking at things differently than your average meat eating customer. We're looking at it from the perspective of vegetarians. And nothing makes a vegetarian angrier than a $38.00 bowl of pasta. With nothing but pasta and sauce. Maybe some butter too. 

That would make Mother Theresa pretty pissed off .

The other dishes aorund the table look nice and I admit I tasted Larry's chicken dish ( average and over $30 with nothing included except some green beans)  and somebody else's fish dish ( sea bass- average- over $30 with a spoonful of mashed potatoes).

Now maybe I sound unsophisicated- one should not attend a fine dining establishment and expect reasonable for the masses pricing.

Agreed.

But I'm not convinced that this place is fine dining. The room is tiny. The staff is average. They make it obvious they need to turn the table. The food is nothing special you can't find at any other place. The bathroom feels like some sort of space age pod one might find on a spaceship and it's kind of right there in the dining room. 

Bottom line: if the service is fantastic and the food is fantastic, one will pay the prices and not complain. That is not the case here. Skip it and save some cash.
If you are a "foodie", you "get" this place.  If not, you won't....simple as that.  

Presentation and creativity wins here.  And the textures of the adorning crisp vegetables, the depth of flavor of the food, actually have you dropping superlative adjectives as you eat, e.g. "this is fucking amazing".  When the plates appear in front of you, the conversation at the table jumps from whatever topic (whether it be some bullshit family issue or sex later that evening) to the food, the artistry on the plate, and how the buds on your tongue respond...oh my.

Starting with the service, every server helped out at this 39 seat cozy gem, and each person had a happy, pleasant disposition.  Even the chefs in the kitchen beyond the doorway were smiling, and on a busy Saturday night no less.  Their verbal description of the items on the menu was from a root of knowledge, not just brain cramming prior to opening.  The dinner was well paced, and never had to turn over my shoulder to seek attention.

For apps, we had a delicious cauliflower veloute, a nice creamy soup with wonderful additions for garnishment and palate pleasure.  Also, the spring lamb terrine was fascinating, and complimented perfectly with amazing pickled vegetables.

Entrees ordered were the Arctic Char, an excellent fresh piece of the tender white fish with crispy skin served up, oh how I love crispy skin, served with artichoke hearts and a blend of crisp, colorful, eye and mouth pleasing textures and flavors.  The pork "two ways" were sliced pork loin and pork belly, very tender, delectable pieces of pork,   and the shell beans served with the dish were to die for.

For dessert we split the Peanut Butter pot de creme.  Very creative peanut butter custard with bourbon marinated raisins and crushed peanuts added for texture topped with a very smooth and creamy cream.   It was dreamy ;-)
They will never get my $$$!!!!

Were really looking forward to this place on a sat night. Me an my bf liked this place b/c they advertise the kitchen closing at midnight. Called and made a reservation for 10:15 on saturday (yes, their kitchen closes at midnight but they take their last seating at 10:00 ??) arrive at 10:35 because of terrible traffic. They welcome us and seat us at a table. 3 minutes later the waitress returns and says "Yea, so sorry for the bad news but we can't serve you. The kitchen said they just cant handle it." 

How rude and weird is that??? We left hungry and annoyed b/c what "fine dining" restaurant can seat someone and then be like, Oh, sorry nevermind?????

We'll never come back here do to their obvious lack of need for a good customer.

This was a big mistake on their service end and trust me, I will spread the word of how bizarre and weird this was.
Our first visit to Pumpkin was a good one, overall.

It's a small, intimate space, with a bit of rustic charm. The food teeters between Mediterranean and that American farm-to-table vibe, which is familiar in this city and very approachable, albeit with a few slightly unique things thrown in.

The service was solid. We were seated promptly on arrival and everyone was very friendly! Between the four of us at our table, we essentially ordered everything on the menu, and everything was good. None of the dishes were really standout enough to leave us craving more, but at the same time, nothing was disappointing. It was just a really good night at a super cute restaurant. 

Ultimately, Pumpkin is a spot we would definitely try again, but without having left us with a truly memorable dish, it may be a while. Regardless, definitely keep an eye on their ever-changing menu and jump on the opportunity if something catches your attention. I imagine that's what we'll be doing!
Wow wow wow. We recently took a staycation in Philly, in which we stayed in town and tried a bunch of restaurants on our short list, and I think Pumpkin may well have been the highlight. We went for the $40 5-course Sunday prix fixe, which is a total steal. The space is intimate - small, a bit tight, but surprisingly not very loud. The service throughout the evening was excellent and attentive; our wine and water glasses were never empty. The pacing of the courses was perfect, and all the food was amazing. My dinner was as follows:

1st course: cucumber gazpacho with buttermilk, white grape
2nd course: fregola sarda, with coddled egg and duck confit
3rd course: cana de cabra cheese, with baby beets, pickled ramps, and pistachio
4th course: hangar steak with black garlic, red wine, and cipollini onions
5th course: "flavors of banana foster": cardamom pot de creme, salted caramel, and walnut

All the dishes were a wonderful melding of flavors. I really liked that the hangar steak was served with interesting accompaniments, but that nothing was actually poured on top of the steak, so I could combine the flavors per my own choosing. Everything was simply perfect, and beautifully presented. We lucked out with our wine pairings, a Fiano di Avelino and a Barbera d'Asti. We saw another couple with some Unibroue beers, which I imagine would work very nicely as well. 

All in all it might be one of my favorite restaurants ever, and certainly in Philadelphia. It will probably be just a special occasion place, but I do look forward to coming again.
Everything just clicked. My birthday happens to be on a Monday it blows I know but my gals and the staff @ pumpkin made this a very special night . 
The space has limited seating so resevrvations are a must!
5 courses came and went balanced flavors, beautiful presentation,and impeccable service made me fall in food love with pumpkin .
I arrived a little after my reservation time but they held our table and made us feel welcome. Our 1st bottle (moet) was popped and ready to go.. Flutes filled with the bubbly nectar .our other bottles of white were chilled until we were ready for them.
The gazpacho is served in an artsy way the components  of almonds,flowers, a grape sorbet served as a base for the velvety broth of avocado a pea. Though not my favorite course the soup was very good I Just think there were too many elements involved.
The shrimp app was amazing. There were a few additions to the plate but the Greek yogurt was my favorite. Another friend had the escargot - she enjoyed them very much. Carrots and beets two ways a beet cake , grilled beet an foie gras foam . 
My skate was divine, chipolini oinions and potatoes . The skate was perfectly cooked; flaky , moist ,seasoned well . Very good hit of the night .
Two friends got pork tenderloin and they enjoyed it very much.
Dessert was a sweet ending to an amazing meal. Let's discuss the ohhhs and ahhhs goat cheese - cheesecake , and chocolate cake mmmmm! (see the pics for all your salivation needs).
Our service was Attentive and our gracious hosts put a candle on my desert plate . I'm very glad I chose pumpkin as my birthday dinner venue. 
It exceeded all my hopes !
*Review during COVID/outdoor eating only*

A few friends and I visited Pumpkin for the first time in the fall to celebrate a birthday. The outdoor setup is adorable and well decorated, very picturesque! Loved that it was BYOB as well.

Service was excellent, our wait staff was attentive, friendly and knowledgeable. However, I wasn't as impressed with the food that I'd hoped for given the limited reservation availability (we could only get 8:30pm on a Tuesday several weeks in advance) and other glowing reviews. It was tasty and great quality, but just not my favorite - at least not for the pricing. 

I'd love to try again with a different menu, but I'll be knocking some other spots off my bucket list first.
I completely agree with the review below about the girl taking the deposit.  I had a no show two years ago, and they asked me for a deposit for a reservation.  They're a small restaurant, and I think that it's a perfectly good and acceptable policy to ask for a deposit.  I agreed to pay the deposit, and I gave her my credit card number.  But the girl informing me of the policy WAS SO RUDE that I also cancelled my reservation.

Her tone made it seem like i was an unwanted customer.  So after giving her my card number, I tried to calmly offer her advice on taking a softer tone for her benefit.  That's when she went on a tirade about how it was my fault that I no-showed and thus she was completely justified in taking a disrespectful and condescending tone with me.  That kind of tone is not something you ought to take with anyone, let alone a customer.

Again, I'm not mad about the deposit policy.  It's a GOOD POLICY.  But the policy was delivered with HORRIBLE COMMUNICATION & SERVICE.  Given pretty much the identical comments below, I would recommend that ownership/management have a little chat with this girl and teach her a thing or two about customer service.
Valentine's Day is the time when most restaurants provide set menus that are often overpriced. So navigating the glut of options for a romantic meal that won't set your wallet back too far or leave you feeling overly stuffed can be harder than you might think. But one of my favorite places to go? Pumpkin on South Street. Better yet? They're BYO - so bring on some bubbly to enjoy with your meal.
 
We brought one of favorites - Moet Nectar Imperial Rose - subtly sweet, lightly tart, effervescently fruity - easily quaffable.

Valentine's Day Prix Fixe [$75 pp]

Pumpkin had us put down a deposit of $50 ahead of time on a credit card. But that's less cash to have on hand since they're a cash-only BYO! 

Bread Service

Our meal started off with sourdough bread that came with some fruity olive oil and a confit garlic clove. 

Cauliflower Soup 
Apple, celery, hazelnut

From there, the GF enjoyed her creamy cauliflower soup that was accented by the fragrantly rich hazelnut and balanced by the bright acidity of the apple and the freshness of the celery leaves. 

Spanish Rock Octopus 
Citrus, squid ink, couscous

Pumpkin's take on octopus reached gustatory heights in my book and was easily one of the best iterations I've had. Lightly charred on the outside, the octopus cut like butter and was incredibly unctuous and satisfyingly savory. The squid ink provided some nice backbone to each bite, while the pink grapefruit segments offered some sweet acidity, nicely countered by the watermelon radish. The couscous were moist pearls of caviar, filled with a moist and savory broth. Delicious.

Castle Valley Mill Grits
Taleggio fondue, saba, roasted grapes 

The GF and I both enjoyed this next dish, which featured wonderfully local and stone ground heirloom grits. The sweet, yet nutty corn essence could not be denied and was wonderfully paired with the rich taleggio fondue. The saba and sweet roasted grapes were a surprising, yet welcome element to the dish, providing a wonderful juxtaposition to the rich cheese. 

Wild Striped Bass
Leeks, beets, salsify

The striped bass was nicely cooked - the fish was moist and the skin was crisp. The dashi broth was poured tableside and added some smoky elements to each bite. The leeks and salsify complemented the broth well, while the beets offered a break in the form of some subtle sweetness. 

Wagyu Culotte Steak
Escarole, pearl onion, potato terrine

American wagyu was on offer tonight and came appropriately medium rare. Well-seared and seasoned, the sirloin cap featured some great beefiness. The accents of star anise in the bordelaise wine sauce were stellar, with the caramelized pearl onions imparting some additional savoriness to each bite. Technique was showcased in the form of the creamy and crisp potato terrine, which was topped by a sharp cheesy fondue. 

Goat Cheese Cake 
Citrus, pistachio streusel 

The goat cheese cake had a wonderful tang and I appreciated that it wasn't overly sweet on its own. The tart raspberry sauce and the citrus segments helped to bring it back to traditional dessert territory though. The pistachio streusel offered nice crunch and nutty butteriness to each bite. 

Malted Milk Pot de Creme
Peanut butter, chocolate, praline

The malted milk pot de creme tasted like an elevated Reese's peanut butter cup and brought forth some childhood nostalgia. Great consistency and smoothness, with the toffee praline and chocolate offering a textural sweetness I enjoyed. 

Always appreciated, the meal ended with some toasted and lightly salted pumpkin seeds to take home. Service was impeccable and the staff was extremely knowledgeable about each dish. Definitely need to stop by for Pumpkin's Sunday Prix Fixe and not just for Valentine's Day!
Came here for RW. This restaurant is very quaint. The ambiance was very intimate and the staff was knowledgeable about the menu. This place is cash only and the staff was gracious enough to remind you of this upon seating. 

After wanting to try this place for months, I decided to give it a try for restaurant week. I was not disappointed for I thoroughly enjoyed myself here. I had orecchiette pasta while my friend had the strip steak.  The pasta was light and tender and seemed to melt in my mouth. The sauce was rich and creamy. While I am not a big steak eater I must admit this steak was heavenly! The steak was tender and juicy. For dessert, I had the apple cake. While in the past I have not been a big fan of apple cake, I must say I was presently surprised! The apple cake was tender and sweet, but not overpowering. 

This was a pleasant treat and somewhere that I would definitely try again. If you are looking for a quaint atmosphere away from the crowd but with a great meal... this is the place to be. Try Pumpkin BYOB and you will not be disappointed. The only drawback is the cash only. I like to be able to use my credit cards and get other rewards and perks also while dining, the cash only robbed me of that experience....
I would give Pumpkin five stars for its appetizers and entrees, but the restaurant lacked a couple key elements that brought it down to three stars.

The bread came with roasted garlic olive oil, which was a nice twist.  We started off with the barenegat light scallops with chorizo and squid ink ragout, as well as the cured king salmon with sweet potato, corn, and habanero.  The scallops were tenderly cooked and paired with what tasted and looked like jello!  That was a total surprise.  The cured king salmon was delicious - in a mouthful there were the salmon, popcorn, and sweet potato in a sorbet format.  I was expecting the sweet potato to be warm and mushy, but the second the bite hit my taste buds, the cold and sweetness of the sorbet lit me up and I didn't want to share the other half. 

For the entree portion, we both had the arctic char - a freshwater fish found way north - with a lobster vinaigrette.  The fish was cooked perfectly, and being true to the fish's name, the chef left a nice char on it.  There is quite a bit oil on this plate, and perhaps could be made a bit less greasy / heavy.

For dessert, we had the lemon chiffon cake and warm chocolate cake.  Both were blah.  The savory dishes were definitely on a different playing field as the desserts.

Onto non-food elements...Pumpkin is a small little joint, with the seating area no bigger than my Philly apartment.  I was told that the restaurant had reconfigured the seating arrangements, taking out a couple tables to give more space in between each table.  Despite the good intentions, the spacing is still a little tight.  As a result, our waiter alternated between bumping into my head and my shoulders (insert shampoo advertisement) several times throughout the night.  Since the restaurant is so small, that means there's a lot of loud conversations packed into a very confined space.  So, be prepared to scream all night.

The waiter himself wasn't that stellar either.  He lacked grace - aside from bumping into me, he just didn't know how to gracefully interrupt a conversation.  Instead, he just started talking and expected us to shift our attention to him. Further, when he brought out our two desserts (and without any indication from us that we cared), he started talking to us like we were children, explaining that he couldn't put both dishes in the center because the plates combined were wider than the width of the table. Yeah, thanks for the geometry lesson. 

Pumpkin is also a cash-only joint.  For a restaurant where the cost per head can be ~$70, it's a little absurd they can't eat the credit card fees or pass it on to the consumers.  It was even worse when the waiter came back to tell us he had to go across the street to break a twenty.  I'd expect that from a place that took credit cards, but for a cash only place??  

Lastly, the receipt is handwritten.  For most folks this is unimportant.  But, for someone who's on a business dinner and needs to file it as an expense, a handwritten receipt is not going to fly with the expense team.  Since it's cash-only, there's also no credit card statement as supporting evidence. Urgh, Pumpkin!
Can't believe it took me this long to try this place, but I'm glad I did. 

Suuuuuper cozy lil BYO (ie. packed in there like sardines) but I really didn't mind. 

First thing's first, I must comment on the two random, unimportant-in-the-grand-scheme-of-things details that ultimately won me over. 

1. The bread, which is delicious on its own, is served with olive oil with a crushed roasted garlic clove in it. BE MORE DELICIOUS- OH WAIT, YOU CAN'T. Bread everywhere else now dims in comparison. 

2. Sent us home with two lil packets of pumpkin seeds. Ya know, cause the place is called Pumpkin. How cute are you?

On to the food. We ordered:

spanish rock octopus- this was good, garlicky, and not weird and rubbery the way I always imagined octopus would taste before I became an adult and decided not to judge things I've never even eaten.
 
wild duxbury mussels- these were over-the-top good, but I can't tell if that's just because I was majorly craving mussels. Broth was saffron/vermouth/dijon mustard, and was also an excellent vehicle for bread-dipping.

striped bass- i ordered this solely because it was served with white beans. I'm talkin big, buttery white beans cooked to perfection. It was served in a lightly herbed broth and came with rapini, which I found a little bitter. The fish, though, was fantastic. Perfectly cooked and not overly fishy.

arctic charr- my boyfriend ordered this because the description said 'borscht, horseradish and smoked turnip'. Not so sure how/where the borscht was involved in this one, but the fish was, again, very tasty. 

side of potatoes- these came plain, roasted with olive oil and lightly salted. Good, but could have been more flavorful. 

Pricewise, slightly on the more expensive side, but could be worse. Our bill was $100 for everything above. I probably would have given this place 3 1/2 stars if that was an option, but I will definitely come back and order differently to get a fuller picture of how I feel about it. For sure worth trying, though.
Scrumptious Pumpkin!  What a lovely place. 

Enjoyed a wonderful dinner at this little restaurant a few months ago.  The $40 5-course Prix Fixe is a supremely satisfying way to spend a Sunday evening, whether it's a special occasion or you just feel like pampering yourselves.  Everything I tried was carefully prepared and tasty.

Sunchoke-Hazelnut Soup was delicious.
Sweetbreads were crispy and tasty.
Smoked Quail was cooked just right, succulent and flavourful.
White Chocolate Goat Cheese Cheesecake was sublime.

Service was great.
Scrumptious food in a pleasant, intimate setting.  Cash only.  BYOB.
They say good things come in small packages and that certainly holds true for this neighborhood gem.

The cuisine is eclectic, creative and pairs unusual ingredients to create a masterful symphony.

We enjoyed our Habanero cured Salmon, Scallops with Chorizo in squid ink, Duo of Pork - belly and loin. Menu changes frequently but be assured it will highlight seasonal favorites.

Dessert was good but did not blow us away.

Service was friendly, knowledgeable and unobstructive.
The food was as good as in the past - definitely one of the better Fine Byob's in the region. Two issues that make it only 3 stars. 
1- While the service was good, the dessert was brought out before coffee was offered. The coffee finally arrived once we finished our dessert - not cool! 
2- We were more than 4 people, so we knew gratuity would be included. What they don't tell you and is highly inappropriate - the tax is factored into the added 20% gratuity. That's just rude and obnoxious.

5/4/16 - Updated review - I'm lowering my rating to 1 star and will not be going back, unless they change their policy of including the tax on gratuity of parties of 5 or more. I've spoken with a number of friends and colleagues, as well as one of the city's finest food critics since our meal. Every single person agreed it is highly inappropriate, an awful business decision, and unprofessional for Pumpkin's ownership to have this as their policy - especially when they don't even bother to tell you until you, until you notice it on the check. It's surprising that such smart, successful business owner's could implement such a stupid policy just to make a couple extra bucks for their servers.
Still one of the best out there! So glad this place is still alive and well and putting out wonderful food. I enjoyed a four course pre fixe meal with my daughter on Christmas Eve and it exceeded my expectations. Poached shrimp, glazed quail, beautiful fish and sticky pudding. The atmosphere was glow-y, warm and intimate and the space between tables was more than safe. I loved everything about it. A bottle of wine and good vibes and my holiday started right. This continues to be a gem in this city.
Two stars because the food was good. However, our dining experience was completely ruined by the pretentious and rude waiter. 

We made a reservation for 6pm on a Thursday night. For the hour we were there the only other occupants were a couple, seated at the other end of the tiny restaurant. As others have written, this restaurant is quite small -- the size of a medium-sized living room. We were seated at the front of the restaurant, with a speaker above our head. 

The waiter was totally flat in affect -- no warmth, no explanations beyond the minimum. Throughout, he was dismissive and condescending in answering our questions. 

As we waited for our food, we were subjected to the waiter's choice in music (which he was clearly invested in as he checked it a couple of times), which included some odd choices for a restaurant that didn't have a bar, was clearly designed to be intimate, and that was so small -- some rap, some jazz, some techno -- and all of it at a pretty high volume. Remember -- the place is tiny, and a speaker was above our heads. 

At one point, when the waiter was filling our water glasses, I asked if he could turn down the volume a little. He answered -- and without even bothering to look at me while he filled our water glasses: "No. We like to keep it lively in here." The three of us just stared at him -- if my brother hadn't been taking us out for our last night in Philly, my sister and I would have walked out right then. 

There were 5 people in the tiny room. 3 out of those 5 requested the volume be turned down a little. I can't even imagine a situation in which a restaurant trying to situate itself as an intimate place to eat would say No to that request. The level of pretension was phenomenal.

It was bizarre -- and insulting --  that an empty restaurant would refuse to honor a very reasonable request made by the majority of the patrons in the room. People go to a restaurant and expect to be served, and expect a pleasant environment -- for a waiter to be that rude and dismissive is inexcusable. He made the experience about him, rather than us -- the people who were paying for the dining experience.
I was a loyal customer in the neighborhood. But the way they handle their business is extremely unfriendly. It's disturbing and unreasonable to enforce such a strict cancellation policy during the pandemic. My dinner date was feeling sick. I called the restaurant and explained the difficult situation and that I didn't want to put the restaurant server and other customers at risk. And that I could reschedule the dinner. But they refused to give me that option and insisted on charging me a $100 cancellation fee. 

Super disappointed and I don't recommend anyone going there if you want to be treated with decency.
We went here for Valentines night dinner. The restaurant is indeed on the small side and while the ambiance is not romantic it does offer some semi intimate seating. We had made the reservation about a month or so in advance and got a call one week prior to our reservation stating there was a 50$ reservation fee to hold the table. Lots of reviewers have complained about that but honestly it didn't bother us. It's a big night for restaurants and people "no showing" sucks for them. I should say the 50$ were discounted from our final bill. 

So now to the actual review. We got there and were promptly seated. The host was our server which was kind of confusing because he never formally introduced himself. The menu was a 4 course dinner with options to choose from for courses 2-4. The first course was a curried carrot ginger soup. It was delicious and the texture was perfect but the soup was a bit heavy on the curry. It literally tasted like massamun/yellow curry sauce that you would get at a Thai place. Nothing new or special. The first course options were a scallop dish, foie gras, mushroom ragout, beef tartare. We opted for the tartare and the foie. These were really good as well! Neither was served with a crusty bread which both my partner and I agreed would have complimented the plating nicely. The foie could have been seared a little longer. The third course we opted for NY strip and Duck Breast. The strip was the winner and the dish was perfectly balanced. The duck was a bit on the rare side which led to an overly strong gamey flavor and the skin was under-rendered which to me is a big no no. The other option was sea bass. Dessert was a toffee pudding and some sort of lemon custard. The lemon dish was described as a shortbread but it was instead served with a crumble of burnt cookie on top. Not so nice. 

Throughout the meal the service was mediocre. This is mainly the reason for the 3 stars. On a night that's as special as Valentines we choose to go to Pumpkin. They let us down. It just wasn't special. The food was yummy but not inventive or anything I haven't seen before. The preparation was rushed in an attempt to not delay tables and turnover as many as possible. The servers were poorly trained and unable to elegantly describe a dish. Nobody told you what was being placed in front of you. Our wine was promptly opened but never filled again. Silverware wasn't changed between dishes and our bottle of wine was literally almost knocked down to the floor 4 times without apology. I was elbowed in the shoulder by staff 3 times without apology. Now listen, before you judge me for being overly critical you've got to understand that despite all of this I was still trying to be positive. That being said, for the cost of the dinner it simply wasn't worth it. 

The service needs to be refined. It was all made worse by the fact that they auto-grat (auto added tip) at a rate of 20%. I'm sorry but what in the heck are they thinking?! Auto grat on a table for two? Come on! They never mentioned this when we booked. We would have easily left 20% but I hate when places mandate it without mention. This definitely soured our experience even more. 

Finally, not even a rose or flower for the Mrs', no happy "Valentine's Day", no special menu printed with hearts etc. Annnnnd smallest point ever but one of the servers/runners was wearing a hoody and a beanie. I love my beanie but I don't think it should be worn while you're serving food at a "fine" establishment. 

TLDR: good food, overpriced, budget level service bringing poorly inspired meals to the masses under the guise of luxury. Skip it. There are soooo many restaurants in the city that are superior!
One of the best places. You better make a reservation though. It's small and cozy. 

I've been here a few times and the different types of squash soup are always my favorites. 

Most recently we went for restaurant week. I got trout and my wife got chicken. Normally I choose the better meal but her chicken was so F***'n good!

And that is not to say that my meal wasn't also excellent. In fact better than most places. 

Some places like to short you and give you less for restaurant week but not Pumpkin. We left full and happy. 

So if you haven't tried it yet but it's on your list I suggest moving it to the top.
Other Yelpers (like Alexis G. and Frank R.) have already superbly described Pumpkin's fabulous Sunday night dinners - an amazing quality/price ratio at $35.  The five courses are carefully chosen and the restaurant offers a choice for several of the main courses.  I am a huge fan of chefs who attempt to source local and seasonal ingredients, many of them organic, and Pumpkin follows this philosophy.  The first time I ate at Pumpkin, I ordered the risotto dish with fresh peas and mushrooms.  For me, risotto is the triple axel of restaurants - most stumble badly attempting it and I always order it with trepidation.  Pumpkin served a perfect rendition - so good it would have been happily at home in Milan.
Now a small comment to the vegetarian scolds below:  I think it is great that you are vegetarians - you eat healthily, humanely, and you reduce the carbon print for the earth.  I want to emulate vegetarians for most days of the week for all those reasons, but please, display some tolerance, for Gandhi's sake!  No need to rake a restaurant over the coals, so to speak, for not being vegetarian enough for your exacting standards.  Ask in advance for some consideration and you just might be happily surprised.
We dined at Pumpkin last night and it was out of this world.  I can understand how some people would not call it their favorite, but if you're a foodie, this place is incredible.  

What makes the cuisine at Pumpkin so special is not just the combinations of flavors and textures, but also that it actually makes you think.  Not just guess at what's in a sauce or what that funny looking red thing is, you actually think about why everything goes together.

The camembert and beet salad seems like something you've had before, kinda like beet and goat cheese, but the comparison ends there.  What you get is a huge mix of things which aren't simply put on the plate to impress or confuse you, they actually make sense.  There is a heavy concentration of umami and a touch of everything else to highlight it.  The camembert is an earthy variety, the beets are earthy, even the walnuts, while a little bitter, are earthy.  Each ingredient picks up from where the last one leaves off.  The salad isn't "balanced" in the sense that you get earth, sweet, sour and bitter all on one plate, but you get hints and highlights of everything but the umami.  The point of the salad is the earthiness of the flavors and how the earthiness is repeated but never the same from one ingredient to the next.  Add to that the wonderful color and varied textures, such as raw rhubarb, a crispy bread, a dollop of hibiscus, and it is a masterpiece.  What was even more impressive was that the salad actually paired with an older American cabernet.  Amazing.

OK, I'm not done yet!  The pork crepinette was incredible.  The pork was pink which suggests saltpeter or some other nitrate was used to enhance it.  yum.  A horseradish foam garnished it, and it actually had a good flavor which didn't overpower, which was probably the intent.  Prunes, a chestnut puree, a chestnut, and even a bit of apple added a nice balance of interesting things to put in your mouth.  The pastry of the crepinette was a good texture, too.

The beef cheek was marvelous, melt in your mouth faster than any short rib I've ever had.  The demi-glace poured over it, surrounding it was beautiful looking and perfectly rich.  There were interesting and tasty bites all around the plate, again, the chef kept you guessing.  Potato, rutabaga, turnip cut in cool shapes, some drenched in butter, yum.  And a black garlic puree dotted around which was extraordinarily rich and deep in flavor.

A French press coffee to end it all, good coffee.

Bibou has been called a lot of wonderful things, like in the top five restaurants in Philly, best bistro in America, etc etc, but last night at Pumpkin, the meal was just as good as any I've had at Bibou.  Highly recommended!
Once upon a time I went to Pumpkin. It was a very special evening. I was on a date. The restaurant just opened. There was a buzz of expectation in the air. One of those nights where you can just feel like magic is going to happen.

Being cutesie, my date and I opted to share everything: two appetizers, two entrees, two desserts. 

To sum up, for more reasons than just the food, I was left rather unfulfilled :/ On account of my dinner and my date that evening, they both boasted a lot of showmanship, without much flavor. Course after course of food and conversation left me feeling nonplussed. 

YEARS later, and one week ago, I returned to Pumpkin with a couple good friends for their Sunday prix fixe: 5 courses for $35. The whole experience brought back memories of my original visit, then outdid them at every turn. 

First of all, 5 courses of anything that isn't ordered by number for $35 is a steal. Secondly, the menu was hyper-seasonal, fresh, summery and with home cooked rustic charm, yet the delicate grace and flair of a fine dining kitchen. 

Green tomato gazpacho with lump crab--vibrant, clean, delicious. Quail that was perfectly cooked, served spread eagle with figs--how else? Pork loin with grilled peaches. Even for not being a chocolate guy, the warm chocolate cake for dessert was outstanding. 

The space is small and warm, in that Philly BYOB style, service was polite and efficient, and my company was as great an upgrade from the last time as the food.

If you haven't checked out this BYO Philly institution in a while, it's definitely worth a revisit. It's so wonderful (and rare) to see a restaurant that's getting better with age.
I've had a perfectly lovely beet soup, an amazing bacon whole grain mustard on half a grilled romaine heart salad, a nice fig and goat cheese tart on filo topped w/ microgreens, a nice crispy skinned trout, and some nice moo. Also some relatively average tomato and fish plates, an average duck confit. A terrific pot de creme, an average chocolate cake.The menu changes daily but relatively slowly- a few new things add on and a few things drop off.

Service has been friendly and competent for me. Space includes two tables for two larger groups, but it's mostly 2-4 tops, be sure to make a reservation. Actually, even if you're a smaller party, call ahead if you're going at prime time. Handicapped accessible into the dining room- the bathroom might have a step and the pathways are narrow for wheelchairs.
Not impressed.  I went to Pumpkin because all of Philly seemed to rave about it.  Even the ever pessimistic Craig Laban.  I guess that that all of Philly eats meat and is oblivious to tact because the menu at Pumpkin is predominately carnivorous (even fish dishes are infused with sausage) and the service is TACKY.  The waitress needs to go back to gradeschool to learn addition subtraction because she gave us the bill.  We paid.  She had the nerve to come back to our table to tell us she added incorrectly and that we owed more.  That, in my opinion is atrocious.
Wow. This was such an unexpected wonderful treat. I can't believe it's taken me so very long to visit this petite dining room after living so nearby for so long.

I made a somewhat last minute reservation on a Saturday night for 8:15pm, got called almost immediately by the restaurant reminding me that they are "byob and cash only." I didn't need the reminder, but good that they are very serious about this as to not to leave any diner dry. After arriving at this teeny tiny spot, I was surprised that I found such a last minute table on a Saturday night. There's just about 8-9 tables here? Thought I didn't find any tables super close together and I certainly wasn't claustrophobic or cramped. The vibe is just relaxed, kinda New England style rustic. Is that a thing? If not it is now.

I hear they have a $40 tasting menu on Sundays (which I'll be back for!), but for Saturday it was all a la carte. The menu is small and at least the night we were there, without specials. The menu changes very frequently, almost daily, we were told, due to availability of local ingredients.

Me and DM had some of the absolute best food we've had in the city in a while. Like, hands down, 5+ stars for this meal. OUTSTANDING. Grilled octopus salad and cauliflower soup for starters, and seared bass and a duroc pork chop for entrees. I don't even really like pork chops, this one was ridiculous. My fish was so perfectly spiced and seared, I was left feeling like I'll never be able to have a perfect sear to live up to this one. Dessert was a pineapple upside down cake that was a perfect finish to the meal. 

You can't go wrong with BYOB, and we brought a Barolo that paired really well with all of the earthy flavors. It complemented the very romantic feeling we had here very nicely. How spoiled!

I will most definitely be coming back here, and soon. I want to bring everyone I know who is a food lover here and enjoy the lovely ambiance and stellar cooking again. There is no longer any surprise to me that this restaurant was recently very highly (top 5) rated in Philly Mag top 50 best restaurants of 2015. Thank you, Pumpkin!
My boyfriend and I enjoyed the Sunday Suppers prix-fixe here last weekend on a whim. We made a reservation online earlier in the day, and then grabbed a couple beers when it was time and walked over. It was an unassuming start to a pretty perfect, casual Sunday date night.

We were shown our table and served by Kim, who set the tone for an amazing night straight away with her bright smile and warm welcome. I don't usually remember names, but she was that fantastic! We never wanted for anything - for example, she always came at the perfect time to have us choose a new beer from the stash we brought, which was kindly kept cold in the kitchen through our meal.

Between the two of us, we were able to try the whole prix-fixe menu. The cauliflower soup, which is on their regular menu, was a strong start. We loved this soup! Another favorite for me was the Spanish rock octopus, which was perfectly tender and paired with chorizo.

$40 each for five courses and BYOB is a pretty stellar deal already, but with the quality of the food at Pumpkin, it felt like a STEAL. The place is small and it was busy through the time we were there, so I think reservations (even if done earlier in the day like in our case) are a must. I hope to be back and try more prix-fixe menus!
My party of 4 was blown away by Pumpkin. All of the food was exquisite, and we were very impressed, considering how small the kitchen must be. The mussels appetizer is HUGE and could easily be split among 2-3 people (it is an entire pound of mussels!). I had the Monkfish and it was just simply amazing. I did not know how I would like lamb ragu with monkfish, but honestly the combination blew me away. The fish was so delicate and flaky, yet hearty. We also had a side of potatoes and asparagus with an olive tampanade, which were incredibly fresh. 

The service was friendly and not overbearing. He certainly knew the menu really well. We had a minor mishap where our server gave the table next to us a birthday cake that we had brought in for one of our diners. Oops! What should have been an awkward encounter was avoided by the server's grace and tact. We all had a good laugh about it. And to make it up to us, he offered us a free dessert! We went with a peanut butter malt chocolate combination that was very very very tasty, and I am not a peanut butter girl! 

The ambiance is unassuming and warm. Like previous reviews mentioned, it is quite small, but that lent so much charm to our experience. This is truly a special BYOB. We had a wonderful time here, and I would 100% come back!
I ended up here after meeting the Chef/owner at Tangier the night before. He 's an awesome guy and invited us to check out his restaurant.  When we arrived, he had a delicious, chilled bottle of wine waiting for us. Then he informed us that we'd be getting the tasting menu. 

He personally delivered each dish, explained the motivation behind it and passionately described the fresh ingredients used.  It was obvious that he loves to cook and that translates into beautifully plated, absolutely delicious dishes. The standout for me was the roasted chicken. It was juicy and flavorful and perfectly browned. I had foie gras for the first time and was not a fan but my friends said it was the best they'd ever had.  If I'm being perfectly honest, my favorite part of the whole meal was the dessert. The dinner was great but the cheesecake was out of this world.  Indulgent and light at the same time. After dessert, out came the bottles of apple cider.  12 bottles later we were sufficiently drunk, full of great food and exhausted from laughing till we cried. 

I may be biased but I highly recommend this place, the ingredients are fresh -the chef knows each farmer personally. The waitstaff is incredibly warm and accommodating.  And the food is great.
This restaurant is a real cozy space (limited seating.) It is a great spot for a date night.

They have very unique plate offerings & upscale plating/presentation.

Their menu has creative food pairings. It is a bit limited but solid options for vegetarians. You can't pass up on desserts! (Rice pudding & apple cake are top notch)
*Restaurant Week Review*

I never expected such a great experience during restaurant week but Pumpkin was really amazing.  This place is literally a hole in the wall; the place is small and holds maybe 25 people.  But the food is divine.  

They started us off with warm crusty bread and olive oil with garlic.  The amuse bouche was a cauliflower veloute.  I don't like cauliflower but this was a wonderful start.  Very light and sweet but then that was balanced with a bit of salty capers.  

For starters, I had the chilled tomato soup.  It's very different; I'm not into cold soups but this was flavorful.  The escargot was okay (but that's because I'm not a fan of snails).  And the shrimps looked nice but I don't eat shrimp.  The grits that came with the shrimp was so good though, topped with a poached egg!

For entree, I was disappointed that the duck was not on the menu so I ordered the corn risotto instead.  I was very happy with my choice, the dish was savory and creamy but sweet from the corn.  The porn loin was pretty good as well.  I especially liked the pork belly on the dish.  The skate was tasty as well.  I don't like fish but this was surprisingly yummy.

For dessert, we all got the goat cheese cheesecake.  I loved this!  Sweet but very balanced.

Everything about my Pumpkin experience was wonderful.  Great service, great food!  And on the plus side, it's a BYOB.  But it's also cash only so hit up an ATM.  It's totally worth it!
Ordered the three course prix fixe menu for my boyfriend's at-home birthday celebration. Everything was delicious! The delivery was very prompt and contactless. Everything was well packaged and traveled well. We didn't need to heat anything up. We are both vegetarian and they were able to substitute an ala carte them for one of the mains. Since they change their menu regularly, I can't wait to try other dishes.
Despite my excitement for trying Pumpkin, my visit got off to a rough start. The day of my reservation, I received FIVE phone calls about confirming.  I'm in school and couldn't answer the first three - when I called back during lunch, I found that I could only leave a message, not actually talk to someone.  Apparently nobody checks those messages, because I received two more calls before finally being able to answer and confirm that yes, I was coming.  I get that you want to fill every table at a small place... but c'mon. 

When I did arrive, I was rather surprised to see just how tiny the restaurant was.  The host/waiter (he seemed to be doing double duty) offered to take our coats, which was gratefully accepted because there was really no room for them at the table.  Expect to sit absurdly close to your neighbors. 

We ordered everything at once, as is the custom for Restaurant week, and the whole meal was finished in about an hour.  I started with the cauliflower soup - pureed cauliflower served over a few veggies.  Piping hot, I had to wait a few minutes before being able to try it, but when I did, it was delicious - perhaps even the best part of the meal. 

As an entree, I had the rainbow trout - it was ok, but I wasn't terribly impressed. No strong flavoring, and it wasn't served with much on the side.  For dessert, I had the malted milk pot, which was very good.  I think I would have perhaps been happier with just the appetizer and dessert! 

Not sure I would come back, as it seems fairly difficult to get in on a weekend and the prices are high.  To be honest, there are enough other places in the city that I'd prefer to spend my money.
It's fine, it's great, but it's not special.  Pumpkin's ability to offer a near-unique tasting menu each day (most days?) is an interesting way to deliver in a Philly market saturated with amazing New American cuisine, but when you break down the modular meals, served their way, which is like totally fine.  It's just not great.  

Pros:

They have a daily menu which changes a lot (this could be a con, but at a small BYO, I appreciate being reflexive to what's good and what's available).

They have a number of tasting menus which pair well with the general menu concept.  I love tasting menus as a way to see what a restaurant can do best.  Pumpkin has a wide range.

Cons:

Again, the menu is hard to pin down, YMMV.  

The price is a little high.  I went on the Sunday tasting menu and I can't say I felt a dinner for two was worth the $120 (with added coffee and tip) ticket at the end.  

The place is small.  When they say cozy, they are not kidding.  It's beautiful inside and I appreciate the effort, but we effectively shared dinner with several others folks.  That normally doesn't bother mean, but this particular trip featured an inane side convo between a couple on a 3rd for 4th date discussing their ivy league excursions, robotic engineer lifestyle and some other boring nonsense that was distracting  but also...just awful. 

I tried to chart the menu and tasting menu ahead of time, but was disappointed that what was referenced on the website (Updated daily!) was not what was on the menu at the restaurant.  I understand the difficulties in ordering and what might be left, but with printed menus, clearly there's a disconnect between the web and the restaurant.  I was disappointed with my options.  Moreover, my opentable reservation required a credit card and I couldn't cancel in the requisite time to meet their requirement without a charge.  Very disappointing.  

Cash only is always kind of annoying, but understandable in this game.  I mostly add it here as an FYI more than a con.

Experience:  

We started with cold beet soup, which was enjoyable but an interesting choice in the still hot summer months.  Fortunately, I love beets!

Our second dish were some scallops with pickled vegetables which were properly cooked and enjoyable but otherwise unspecial.

The third course featured some roasted carrots and I believe a liver mousse which was excellent.  The various carrots were flavorful and the mousse was a wonderful savory addition.  I could have eat a ton of these!

The main course was a braised thigh (alternatively a monkfish, but I'm not a big fish guy).  Chicken is always risky at a restaurant mostly because it's hard to achieve more than what a decent cook at home can do.  That remained true at Pumpkin (despite other reviews, which gave me some initial confidence).  It was fine, it was more the edible, and I didn't mind paying for it, but I can't say it'll ever make me come back.  I was more disappointed that the website menu referenced a Chicken tagine which this was clearly supposed to be, but, for whatever reason, did not become as the restaurant made it to dinner.

Finally, I asked for a recommendation and received the panna cotta for dessert.  It was delightful (panna cotta always is) with a nice side of granola which I enjoyed and would recommend again and again.  Honestly, at any decent restaurant, it's hard to screw up.

Bottom line:  Pumpkin is fine.  It checks all the boxes, but at the price point and expected quality, I just didn't get it.  Maybe a more elite Thursday or Friday menu would deliver (and a higher price point, generally), but at a $65 dollar tasting menu, I can think of far better options than Pumpkin that I would risk.  It's cozy and the limited menu make it not necessarily worthy of a spot other than to say you went a little off the beaten path, but chicken is so hard to dress up and Pumpkin appears to be no exception.
Have long wanted to eat here and the food was on point. I loved the goat cheese gnocchi, the skate was sublime and the pot de creme was decadent. Bread was awesome, too....but we each received just 2 thin baguette slices and no more. Other portions were adequate. Service was great. So, why not 5 stars? Well, it takes a lot to get to that level for me....gotta fire on all cylinders. But our meals were $55 prix fixe.....so with tip and tax, this BYOB cost me $70. Really good meal, but a bit pricey...
I did not have the mind-blowing, 5 star experience everyone else seemed to have. All in all this is a nice place, but not one I think you should clamor to get a reservation at if you're coming from out of town.

First off, it's BYOB and cash only. (Both of these things delight me since cash makes it easier to settle up at the end of the night!) It would be awesome if when they post their daily / seasonal menus they could offer wine pairing suggestions so we could buy the right ones to complement the meal, but alas, that doesn't happen here. I was also surprised that they don't have a standard vegetarian entree on the menu. They did accommodate when I asked for one, but it's silly that in this day and age they don't give vegetarian guests an ounce of thought when preparing their menu. They also don't tell you ahead of time what the veg dish is going to be, so if you don't like a specific ingredient, you're S.O.L. (Lesson: explicitly ask what you're going to be paying for!)

My friends and I ordered the following: beef tartare, carrot and ginger soup, pumpkin risotto, duck breast, monkfish, a "chef's choice" vegetarian entree, the malted pot de creme and the chocolate cake. 

Before the appetizers came out, we were each served 2 pieces of bread with a roasted garlic oil. The garlic oil was delicious, and the bread was fine. It had a sourdough-y / baguette tang to it which I very much enjoyed. I wish it was served warm though, that would have taken a good piece of bread to amazing. 

My friends really enjoyed their beef tartare, carrot ginger soup, monkfish and duck. The overall sentiment was that the tartare was the best appetizer of the lot. They also said the duck (prepared medium rare) melted in their mouths.

The pumpkin risotto is a large portion, so you could definitely choose it as an inexpensive entree. Pumpkin seeds offer a crunchy texture atop a super rich, cheese and pumpkin laden risotto. The cheese wasn't fully mixed in, but rather coated the bottom of the dish so the fist few bites lacked cheesiness while the last overwhelmed me with it. The risotto rice itself was cooked past the point of el dente, which I preferred (yeah, yeah, I like less toothy risotto, go ahead and judge), but if you like it al dente you may want to skip this.

My entree was just ok. I give the chef props for accommodating my dietary request, it just wasn't a home run for me. I received roasted cauliflower and sweet potatoes served over quinoa. For $20, I was expecting a little more than 5 cauliflower florets, 3 slices of sweet potatoes and quinoa. Perhaps my strong dislike of quinoa added to my disappointment (not the restaurant's fault!), but this dish just didn't work for me. I didn't speak up since I can't hold the restaurant responsible for ingredients I'm not jazzed about.

The desserts were just ok for me too. The chocolate cake was SUPER sweet, the kumquats were nice and tangy, and the caramel ice cream was super refreshing. If the cake had been just a little less sweet, I would have loved it. The pot de creme was fine and of the two, was certainly my preferred dessert.

Upon receiving the check we were given packets of pumpkin seeds as a takeaway which was a lovely touch!

Bottom line: nice meal but out of towners should look elsewhere.
In the age of covid they have started serving a fixed 3 course menu for 35$ for take out. It was great! Support your local businesses and get some absolutely delicious food. 

Ordered over the phone. No answer at first, left a message and they called back to take my order after 20min or so. We had the charcuterie board and chickpea stew for apps. Stew was delicious with a nice kick to it. charcuterie board was nice with good quality mustard and pickled onions. Only down side was there was no crackers or bread to go with it so we used our own. We had the chicken and pasta entrees both of which were fantastic. I usually hate chicken breast but this was very moist and perfectly cooked. Mashed potatoes and spinach on the side were simple but just done perfectly. Skin on the chicken breast was nice and crispy and delicious. The pasta was great with mushrooms and olive oil and lemon on top. Very flavorful. Had olive oil cake for desert which had a hint of apricot in the flavor which was light and delicious. Also had the chocolate chip cookies which were simple but good. 

Overall a delicious meal. Maybe nothing exotic or different but everything was just done well. Maybe just add some bread next time. 

If you're looking for great ways to support your local businesses in these crazy times I highly recommend checking them out!
Awesome. Just plain fabulous. Reservations def required of this tiny locale. A friend brought us here for dinner and while the steak was cooked delectably and massive, the envy were the pork chops w/ fava beans. I can't even begin to describe how tasty they were! Definitely worth checking out. BYOB and cash only.  Beware of bad acoustics.
I came into Pumpkin with very high expectations and they were eagerly met.  I understand that it must be very difficult for a restaurant to continue to come up with new and exciting preparations, be seasonal and stay in the primary focus of the food scene.  I think Pumpkin's staff knows how to flawlessly execute a meal and provide an incredible experience.

The three of us began with the Sweet Potato Veloute.  This soup was served tableside, poured into a bowl filled with smoked miso, ginger snap and cider foam.  It only took us mere seconds to smell the delicious fall/winter flavors erupting from the bowls.  We all mixed the ingredients thoroughly and indulged in warming soup bliss.

I chose the risotto for my second dish.  The creme fraiche and caramelized were perfect accompaniments to this savory and satisfying dish.  I got a taste of the pork belly and it was so perfectly cooked that it didn't even require the other things on the plate with it.

Course 3 was a Garrotxa cheese plate (which I had never heard of before this meal).  It was sliced thinly and served with pistachio, kumquat and vanilla.  The kumquat and cheese together were just a thing of beauty, both to look at and taste.

For the main course, I chose the duck confit (how could I not) with lentils, purple mustard and foie gras.  Yes, I smeared foie gras on confit duck and ate it.  I'm sure that there is a new spot in hell for me after that move.  During this course, the conversation came to a screeching halt.  We all had such sensory overload from the amazing flavors that we were unable to really form sentences.

Dessert, which also blew my mind was a caramelized white chocolate goat cheese cheesecake.  If that alone isn't enough to sell you, perhaps the ginger and asian pear are.  At this point in the meal, we all laughed at how ridiculously awesome it tasted.  I'm not normally a dessert guy but this was truly something to behold.

That concludes my experience for the Sunday night tasting menu.  I can't wait to come back again to this wonderful, intimate and highly delicious restaurant.
My huband and I went to Pumpkin for a nice date night, and had a wonderful time! The ambience is cozy, and inviting. It's, ofcourse, a small space, but that is expected since it's a BYOB. The service was awesome, and always with a smile! The food is the perfect mix between being inventive while still being "comfort food".  We both loved everything we ordered, and definately plan on going back at some point in the near future!
The Sunday pre-fixe menu was EXTRAORDINARY. Perfect for a party of two, my boyfriend and I were able to enjoy the majority of the menu, savoring every bite. The service was prompt, friendly, and insightful, without being the least bit intrusive. Adding to the romance of the evening, the charmingly quaint atmosphere embodied the sophistication and modesty that defines Pumpkin. Before, when asked if I had a favorite restaurant in Philly, I never felt sure enough to provide an answer. Now, I can proudly claim Pumpkin as my premiere preference. 

~The Meal~

Apps:
Escargot: Pan roasted in a hazelnut butter, finished with preserved lemon, I savored the delicacy and freshness of each tender bite. Completely beyond your average escargot.
Pork belly: Contrasting the comforting depth of the pork belly with the sour finish of the ver jus was a game winning play for Chef Ian.

Entrees:
Duck Confit: No knife needed-the meat fell right off the bone in all it's savory glory. And being Polish, I was taken straight back to my babcia's dishes with the deeply flavorful and authentic sauerkraut 
Trout: To be honest, I cannot remember the accompaniment of this dish, but I will not forget the finesse of it preparation. Light, delicate, and complex.

Dessert:
Goats Milk Cheesecake: I hate cheesecake, but I ADORED this dish. Sweet, savory, light and deep--everything connected to build a phenomenal finale. 
Butterscotch pudding: A sinful little portion of beautifully rich butterscotch and ginger.
I'm sure the food is good. It would have been wonderful to try it. I read nothing but rave reviews in the week leading up to it. Hell, I even made reservations. Bad idea! We showed up for our 7:30 reservation and were promptly told to go to a bar down the street, and they'd give us a call when they had space.

Sure it's a small place, but why would you even agree to let someone make a reservation if you know you can't honor it? Or can't be bothered to honor it?
Food: 4 stars
Service: 5 stars
Ambiance: 4 stars
Location: 3.5 stars
Price: 4 stars

Recommendations:  I highly recommend going with a surf and turf combination with your dining partner.  The Filet and Scallops were delicious and very well prepared.  The staff was so courteous and generous, giving us a complimentary appetizers (Green Gazpacho- which was delicious and refreshing) and dessert (Fruit Sorbet).  The Calamari appetizer was just OK, prepared by being steamed or grilled.  I wouldn't recommend it if you like your calamari fried.  

Overall, the restaurant is quaint and personal.  It has everything a fine dining restaurant has without the pretentiousness.  We had a great experience at Pumpkin and will go back again soon.

Bonus: BYOB
Negative: CASH ONLY

Overall: 4.5 stars
My husband and I have been dying to go to this restaurant for some time now. We are members of the online reservation site Open Table, and have been for years. I made a reservation for my husband's birthday (1/23) online. Unfortunately there was a big snow storm up here and we had to cancel. That same day I made a reservation for today 1/29 so we could still go where wanted for his birthday.  I received a phone call the day before (1/28) around 0930 am from this establishment about our reservation. I was not able to answer due to the fact that I am in school full time and work full time. I got home around 530 and checked my email, only to find out that pumpkin sent me an email at 1200 pm cancelling our our reservation for 1/29, with no reason why. I called and spoke to a gentleman who said he was not sure why this had occurred and allowed me to make a new reservation, which I confirmed with him while on the phone. The next morning 1/29 around 1000 am, I received a phone call again from pumpkin asking to call back, I immediately called back. THE WOMEN WHOM I SPOKE TO WAS THE RUDEST MOST IGNORANT PERSON EVER!!!!! She informed me that since we had made reservations in the past and did not show up ( this was over 6 months ago and we had a family emergency) that she was going to need a deposit in order for us to keep our reservation. I explained to her what happened the other day about my reservation being cancelled by them and assured her we were definitely coming for my husbands birthday. She was so rude to me on the phone that I told her to cancel my reservation for the night. If their customer service was the bad on the phone  I CAN NOT IMAGINE HOW IT IS IN PERSON! I will NEVER visit this restaurant.
Perhaps the 4 stars is because I built up too much anticipation for this meal.  To celebrate we dined at pumpkin this March.  The menu items we ordered are no longer offered, so I won't go into detail.  (Plus, my pictures speak for themselves.)  Rather I will review general highlights.

The tasting menu is a good bet. Appetizer, entree, dessert.  Bread with oil. Standard fare.

 The scallops taste fresh and creamy on the tongue.  The broths are not too buttery or oily.  I absolutely loved my seafood stew dish, however would've liked more seafood.  There was like one mussel.

The service was lovely.  Our waiter was personable and quick to refill water.

What knocks a star is the tight squeeze. The ambiance is dark, intimate, and soft, so you cannot help but hear everything your neighbor tables say.  It's also a bit awkward squeezing in and out of your space.

Luckily we had commonalities with our neighbors and made friends.  The same will likely happen to you.  Going to Pumpkin is like being on vacation, everyone is in a good mood and happy to make your acquaintance for the benefit of all.
so delicious!  on such a nice summery day, pumpkin's food could not have been more perfect.  it was quiet on a late weekday night and the hostess/server was very gracious and attentive, but not overbearing.

we started out w some warm bread and garlic-infused olive oil (with whole roasted garlic cloves in the bowl).  I'm not a big lentil fan but the cold lentil salad with lots of mint was really delicious.  My favorite dish of the night was the grilled calamari, which came on a bed of different peas (i never ever imagined peas could be so tasty) and the octopus and calamari were grilled to perfection, they just melted in my mouth. 
the duck was done in 2 ways--very good but we loved the seared scallops (w parmesan foam and pork belly) more.  they were perfectly seasoned and cooked w/ such care, each bite was really a delight.  I love how Pumpkin uses all types of different unusual vegetables that I never would think would go with the proteins I'm having.  I thought the scallops were on the small side as some other reviews have complained, but I was very full at the end of our meal.  I didn't like the pork belly, much too fatty and I didn't know what to do with it!

we passed on dessert but the server was so sweet and offered us complimentary desserts, flourless chocolate cake with coconut ice cream and pumpkin cheesecake with pineapple sorbet (w pineapple jellies!).  please see photos i've posted to make up for the lack of eloquence in my descriptions!  it was such a wonderfully pleasant meal with lots of subtle but amazing flavors.  The ingredients are very fresh and the flavors are not overpowering.  the chef really has mastered the art of seasoning b/c everything was seasoned so perfectly which I really appreciate b/c I'm not a big fan of salt!

(bf's review: "This is what I imagine the Romans experienced in the height of their decadence!  Each dish was a completely new take on traditional ingredients.  The octopus was soft and almost creamy and the scallops were so perfectly seared and some of the best I have had my entire life.  The wait staff was very attentive, although it would be an impressive task not to be with a total of six patrons.  The location is the only thing holding this restaurant down.  However, if you really want new, interesting, and palate-melting food, I highly recommend grabbing the chariot and heading down to 17th and South.  One last tip, save room for desert! (or, if you're really true to the Roman theme, "make room" for desert).")
I was very eager to return to Pumpkin. It had been years since I dined here but I vaguely recalled a good meal. What a disappointment. Visually speaking it was all you could hope for. Everything was beautifully and artfully prepared. Herein lies the problem. I felt like things were placed on the plate for it's aesthetic qualities and not because it actually added anything to the dish. I'm not a fan of things being thrown on a plate to make it pretty.

 As for the food itself I ordered the seasonal vegetable app and skate for the main course. The vegetables were meh.. Some bites were good, others not so much. It was beautiful to look at, but pretty small in size. My skate was also meh. Not bad by any means, but not fantastic.. Also pretty small for $25. I was still pretty hungry after the two courses, as well as a flour less chocolate cake. This was not the Pumpkin I remember...
Food is delicious but I think overpriced. We got escargot, carrots, and the risotto for dinner. All were very delicious. I especially liked the escargot (if you're French, it's definitely not your classic escargot. This one is an interesting take on it). For main course, I got strip steak that was cooked the exact way I wanted to. For dessert, I got chocolate molten cake that was heavier than expected. Overall, good experience and food but not a 5-star place
Really nice, albeit tiny, space. The waitstaff is uber-friendly and extremely attentive which is great. The menu is a bit limited - however, don't let that deter you from eating there; the menu changes every night. I went there on a Saturday night and had the Strip Steak and roasted cauliflower... AMAZING! It was flavorful and cooked to perfection - trite, I know, but true!!! All of their food is organic and free range and you can clearly taste that in the quality of their food. This is also a BYO joint so why not stop by your favorite liquor store and pick up a nice bottle of wine to go with your meal? This place gets 5 stars!!!  FANTASTIC!!
Really enjoyed this small, 20 seat BYOB place. We had their Sunday night wine dinner for $40 which included five courses of tasty food...highlights of our meal included a warm, silky cauliflower soup; amazing ravioli stuffed with ricotta & parsnips; a steak with roasted parsnips, purple carrots, and turnips; and lastly -- the best dish of the meal -- pot de creme with praline and caramel. OMG! This meal was an incredible bargain for the five courses. 

Couple of things to note -- reservations are highly recommended and they are cash only.
Pumpkin is a very charming BYOB on South Street. I absolutely loved trying their $35 Sunday tasting menu. It's five courses (but you can choose your appetizer and entree). My tasting consisted of sweet potato soup (one of the coolest presentations I've seen), squid ink risotto (it was black! so cool), morbier cheese, duroc pork loin, and the caramelized white chocolate cheesecake with goat cheese. The portions were perfect. I was able to finish everything but wasn't overly stuffed or left hungry. 

It's a tiny space, but cozy. Our server was lovely and it is such a nice way to cap off the weekend. BYOB a bottle of wine and it's a steal!
Oh Pumpkin....  the many ways I love you.

My boyfriend and I went here for a celebratory dinner when we found out I was being offered a job at a great architecture firm here in Philly.  I made the reservation that day, and they managed to fit us in at 9:30 (the perfect time for us, since we're sort-of-late eaters).  

We showed up right on time, and they seated us immediately in a cute little booth nearish to the kitchen.  (One point for Pumpkin!)

The staff there is AWESOME.  Everyone seems to do everyone else's jobs in the front of the house (in other words, they have one another's backs -- a true indicator of a well-run restaurant).  The woman who sat us went and got us bread and put our wine somewhere to chill.  The woman who was our server came over very quickly to talk to us about the menu (which was amazing...).  We were very curious about the braising liquid that was the base for the sauce for the short rib with porter sauce (what I eventually ordered) and the base for the sauce of the fish dish (ordered by my boyfriend).  The woman who was acting as hostess/runner/bread server/wealth of knowledge couldn't totally answer our questions about the sauce, so she went back to the kitchen and got us a taste of the sauce so we could try it out.  (50 points for Pumpkin!!!)

It was delicious, as were the dishes themselves.  All the flavors worked in a gorgeous harmony together -- the short rib was perfectly tender in its Guinness sauce, the potatoes gratin were cheesy, but not too much, the mushroom salad was nutty and... well... mushroomy.  (Even more points for Pumpkin!!!)

Needless to say, we closed the restaurant down after having some simultaneously rich and fluffy chocolate cake with the most luscious coconut ice cream I have ever tasted.  

I could give them more points, but I've lost count, so we'll just chalk it up to infinity.
During every CCD Restaurant Week, my wife and I try and check out some new restaurants in Philly that we haven't had the opportunity to dine at yet.  This time that establishment was Pumpkin.

I will start by stating that my reviews are based on a few things when I dine at any restaurant, quality and taste of the food, the ambiance of the establishment, and the quality of the wait staff.  Overall Pumpkin was a great experience from start to finish.

Walking in to Pumpkin we were greeted right away with a smile.  Pumpkin is a smaller establishment, but that works to its advantage because the ultra friendly staff here is able to be very attentive to all your needs.  Another great plus about Pumpkin is that it's a BYOB.  So you can bring your favorite red, white, or bubbly without having to pay inflated prices like some other places in the city.

Now on to my review of the food...

For appetizers my wife ordered the Chilled Chickpea Soup and I went with the Lamb meatballs.
Both appetizers were plated and served beautifully.  The meatballs had excellent flavor from the lamb and everything else on the plate all paired well,  My wife's soup was very flavorful, so much so that she asked for an extra piece of bread to sop up anything left in the bowl. 

For entrees my wife went with the Salmon dish and I went with the Berkshire Pork Loin.
We shared each others dishes and both were delicious.  My pork was extremely tender and the pumpkin seed sauce was an nice touch.  It also came with very delicious smoky bacon and beans mixture and grits.  My wife's Salmon was cooked to perfection.  The skin was nice and crispy and the salmon was so juicy and just flaked apart.  Both dishes were a hit and we couldn't decide who's was better.

For dessert I chose the Sticky Toffee Pudding and my wife went for their Molten Chocolate Cake.  Her chocolate cake was very tasty without being overly sweet or decadent.  My sticky toffee pudding was very sweet and very yummy,  I think the sticky toffee pudding won this round.

This was a our first time eating here, but it will not be the last.  Everything about this restaurant was great.  The food, the cozy atmosphere, and the wonderful wait staff.
I went here for the 5 course tasting menu on Sunday, 28-Dec-08. From start to finish, Pumpkin delivered a fantastic meal. I would definitely return without an iota of hesitation. Make sure you call about a week ahead for a reservation. 

I really enjoyed everything about this place. It was a small, cozy place that was well decorated. The service was top tier. The servers were passionate about what they did and always had a smile. Service is one of the most controllable and influential aspects of dining out so its nice to go to a place that really cares about satisfaction. 

The meal was good sized portions for a tasting menu which is nice considering the potency, complexity and balance in each bite was worth revisiting. I really enjoyed the walu appetizer and flank steak entree. The only part of the meal that was just OK was the salad. This meal was really good because for the week before hand, all I ate was Polish holiday food in my hometown so the freshness and flavors were a great break to that monotony.

The only potential downside of this place is that it can be loud. When I was at Pumpkin, there was a table of six people who apparently could only communicate by shouting to each other despite being 3 feet away. Also, I cannot understand how a restaurant like this doesn't take credit cards. I can see the point of not taking cards from a logistic and managerial standpoint but I hope they start taking cards in the future. They also should have a real website.

If your a fan of an ever evolving menu and fresh, wholesome ingredients, then you should definitely visit Pumpkin. Great place that I hope is around for a long time.
Snaps for Pumpkin!

I've been wanting to try Pumpkin since pretty much birth, and all my expectations were met. This is definitely a choice spot for a much needed date night or special celebration. The food is exquisite, delicate, and an adventure for your taste buds. 

Reservations are a must as this restaurant is tiny! The menu is constantly changing based on the ingredients that are available at that point in the season. That being said, the food is extremely fresh and the menu is small. 

Overall, I recommend trying Pumpkin if you want to have a more "exclusive" experience and if you have a venturesome palate.
Went to this byo for a Wednesday night dinner with a friend.  The menu was full of fishy options that we good for my pescatarian friends.  I really enjoyed the ambiance--cozy and intimate.  Service was good.
My pumpkin gnocchi with mushrooms were excellent and very much enjoyed.  Its that time of year when I get a craving for all things autumnal and this hit the spot.
Our fish dishes were perfectly cooked, and a little bit different from the ordinary run of things.
Only complaint is that its cash only.  I'll still come back, but I never carry cash anymore.
BYOB with delightful food, timely service, and reasonable ambiance.

Restaurant Week tends to bring out the worst in restaurants: limited options, subpar service, sometimes subpar food.  Pumpkin is happily unfazed as high quality food and service made for a lovely meal.  Granted, I've never come for regular dinner service but my experience during RW compels me to return.

Sheep's milk panna cotta with melon and basil, seared squid over chow chow, soft shell crab over succotash, chicken sausage with eggplant and pickled peppers, pistachio financier and Pot de Creme all came at a reasonable pace, with presentation and quality flavors as the mainstays for a pleasant evening out.

Only negatives (if they can be considered as such) were the mediocre bread and the cash-only requirements (it is BYOB, so this is standard)

Producing posh provisions, pleasantly plush.  Cheers.
Cash only :(. Gratuity was 20% added on for 5 people; $50 reservation fee. BYOB though. 

Went during restaurant week. Very cute and small restaurant. Dim, candle lit, and very pretty. 

Disappointed that the bread was cold, but the garlic olive oil it was served with was tasty.

1. Squid ink risotto: very tasty and had a nice citrusy after taste. Never had squid ink with risotto before, so that was cool. Rice was cooked perfectly. 

2. Verlasso salmon: salmon cooked medium well, seasoning was solid and super tasty. Beets were a nice pairing and had a tanginess to it. 

3. Sticky toffee pudding: coffee ice cream was really tasty, cake was moist. 

Creative menu, but did not create a 'wow' factor that differentiated it from other restaurants in the area. Small portions. I did not like that it was cash only. 

Service was good; took awhile for plates to be removed from our table, but they were all very friendly and knowledgable.
Pumpkin - I really wanted you to be in my top restaurants in the city, unfortunately it was not the case. The place is small and you are sitting awfully close to the people next to you, but that's the case in most place in the city these days. I got the strip steak which came with maitake mushrooms and root vegetables. The steak itself was pretty tasty and flavorful but it literally came with one tiny piece of potato, one piece of mushroom and one small piece of carrot and they were not exactly flavorful. I would suggest sauting the vegetables so they can complement the steak better. Also for $30 for that entre, it was definitely a little overpriced, don't get me wrong the steak was good, but for that price I expected better. Overall my experience was pretty average, I guess I had my hope way too high. Oh just a little head's up its BYOB and Cash only.
What has happened to customer service.? Making diners feel welcome and appreciated. I should have taken the cue when I called one week in advance  to confirm my reservation and ask if I could push my 530 pm reservation until 6:00 pm. I was told by the host"we need the table back by 7:15 ", loudly, firmly and passionately.
We arrived at 5: 30 pm on the dot, to see one other table of two dinning and the host did not turn and greet us but said, "you will have to wait a moment " we greeted him with a "good evening". He couldn't lift his head from the computer screen and when he did engage he inquired if we had a reservation.
We bought a bottle of white wine with us and at no time were we asked if it could be put in a bucket of ice. Our server poured us the first class and never touched the bottle again. She took every opportunity to correct us on our pronounation  of the dishes and added a chill to the air even though I tried to make her feel comfortable and welcome with compliments.
Now to the food. I had the foie gras excellent my husband had the pasta with Lamb Ragu, huge disappointment, tsp of Ragu totally bland, I had the Strip Bass with roasted carrots, carrots amazing fish dry and under seasoned. My husband's  Strip Steak, server never inquired what temp to prepare it to, the meat was under flavored and served as a very thick cut of steak, if the Chef took the time and sliced it on the bias it would have been more edible. My husband also request the bacon Au jus to be served on the side, it was not served at all and the Chef served it with a completed different sauce never checking with him first. Dessert chocolate cake with Goat Carmel, dried cherries and coconut ice cream excellent. Decaf coffee delicious, although when I requested if it was possible to have honey instead of sugar I was given a clear and distinct disapproving look. But it was worth it , the honey was dark, rich and not overly sweet, perfection.
Pumpkin has been around for a longtime, I believe since 2007, in those 8 years I have eaten there over 15 times, Shame on you ! This is the city of Brother Love and Hospitality.
I hope this was just a bad night for a restaurant who I held in high esteem.
Would not seat us in en empty restaurant! However; menu is lacking, and we ended up going to Russet which was phenomenal with a much more extensive farm to table menu.

Would not recommend!
I have actually put more thought into this review than any previous others. I was impressed by all the positive reviews, very detailed, which lead me to believe the reviewers really enjoyed their time at pumpkin. 
starting off with the good, all our food was cooked well and had a good mixture of tasty ingredients. We ate sweetbreads, two chicken dinners and two strip steaks. I enjoyed the flavor of my meal and the piece of my companions meal. 
The reasons I cannot join in the chorus of four or five star reviews are as follows. 
We made reservations for 8:30PM on a Saturday night. the table was not ready for us, and there was no place to stand to wait, standing on south street during May is no big deal, but would have sucked if it were winter. 
There were five possible entrees, one was roast chicken, not much of a selection especially because I'm not a fish fan, and two were swimmers. 
the entree I was excited to try, lamb t bone with blue cheese gnocchi was out by 8:30, so a no go there, I was left with choice of roast chicken and NY strip, kinda pedestrian. 
the portions were pretty small, and was left a little hungry even with appetiser. 
we ordered two desserts flour less chocolate cake with coffee ice cream, it was really good...but the other dessert was a goat cheese cheesecake, which tasted like...well it didn't taste like anything. 
out of the four of us, i enjoyed myself the most, My friends who picked the restaurant were not pleased with the evening. 
for some reason, i feel guilty about only giving three stars, because well cooked food is well cooked food and most important, but the limited menu missing what seemed to be the most interesting dish, is hard to get past and A-ok is the best I can do. i will go back just to satisfy my, was it just "off" curiosity.
Pretty good New American food that feels a bit too pricey. 

We opted for the prix fixe Sunday menu (only thing offered on Sundays.)

The butternut squash soup was excellent. It was savoury, creamy, and super smooth. 

The mussels were well executed. They held a uniquely earthy and acidic flavor. This was comprised of fennel, cider, and mustard: an inventive and complex flavor profile. 

The swordfish was OK. It didn't flake on light pressure and had a little too much chewiness for the cost of this meal. 

The chocolate cake was good but not particularly memorable.

I left this meal feeling like it was trying too hard to be fancy food. Some of the textures worked, but others didn't. I give 4 stars because the plates the were good were really good. No excuse for improperly executed fish, however.
My siblings and I took our parents out to Pumpkin for their 35th anniversary dinner and we had a great meal and a fun time.  Pumpkin opens at 5:30 on Sat and that's when we arrived; we were the first people in the restaurant so it was nice and quiet (good for my parents -- dad wears hearing aids and mom has some sensitivity to loud noises).

There were 5 of us, and 5 appetizers and 5 entrees on the menu -- so we ordered everything! (also 4 desserts, we ordered those too)  We also drank about 4 bottles of wine between us, so excuse me if I forget some of the details on the food. :)

Appetizers = uniformly delicious
-scallops were cooked perfectly and had a bean puree
-mixed green salad incl. arugula was fresh and tasty with toasted almonds and a creamy cheese
-octopus confit with pipperade and yukon gold potatoes -- very tasty, and a different way to eat octopus than I had before
-quail stuffed with prosciutto and a bunch of vegetables  with a pistachio pesto -- very tasty; none of us had had quail before
-sweetbreads cooked with asparagus -- this was the winner of the night -- again, none of us had had sweetbreads before and they were incredible!

Entrees = mixed
-tilefish with polenta cake, swiss chard, and some other veggies -- this was the worst of the dinner entrees because the tilefish was pretty bland
-new york strip steak -- unfortunately the seasoning was off and the texture was kinda rubbery -- very weird for steak
-pan-roasted chicken with spring vegetables -- simple, tasty, but not terribly exciting
-salmon with risotto, spring peas, and mushrooms -- the salmon was cooked perfectly and the flavors of the peas and mushrooms just popped!  I wasn't a big fan of the risotto but everyone else liked it
-lamb t-bone with goat cheese gnocchi -- the best of the entrees -- lamb was fantastic

Desserts = fairly good
-panna cotta with cherry confit -- the panna cotta was pretty bland and the cherries were the only thing that saved it
-flourless chocolate hazelnut cake with coffee ice cream -- I didn't like this but everyone else loved it
-apple rhubarb crisp with vanilla ice cream -- very tart but tasty
-goat cheese cheesecake with candied pineapple -- best dessert!

Portions are smallish so it was easy for everyone to eat all of this food, plus bread with garlic oil, and drink 4 bottles of wine, and then stumble down South St.  As noted by other reviewers, you probably shouldn't even come here if you are a vegetarian.  My dad doesn't eat pork and there was only one dish that he couldn't have (the quail appetizer).

Overall we had a great experience.  Our server, Mori, was knowledgeable about everything although at times she did have a bit of an attitude.  The rest of my family thought their coffee was horrible, which was a bit of a downside.  But this place is still 5 stars for the experience of getting to eat carefully prepared, local, delicious food.  Plus, how often do you get to order the whole menu?  I highly recommend Pumpkin for special occassions.
So I've been to Pumpkin a few times and it's been delicious...however, that was when they kept my reservation and let us sit down! I was absolutely appalled last night when I went there for dinner. For WEEKS, two of my besties and myself had planned to go to dinner here at 6pm. Our original dinner was for last week but we had to move the reservation to this week- no biggie. We logged onto OPENTABLE change the reservation, got a confirmation number, and figured we were set. This past weekend, my friend "S" that made the reservation got a confirmation phone call. On monday, my other friend "B" called pumpkin to double check the reservation and ask about an OPENTABLE dining cheque. ALL WAS SET! I arrive at 5:57 on Tuesday, December 4th, with a bottle of riesling in my hand and a wad of cash to spend. I was told that there was no reservation under "S". Okay...I said i'd wait til the other two ladies got here and maybe it was under a different name. One minute later, "S" walks in and asks about the reservation. The semi-nice hostess said that there wasn't a reservation under her name. THEN a really rude and snarky wait-staff member barges in on the conversation and with her nose in the air says "Was it through open table? Sometimes those reservation time out and we don't get the reservation." REALLY? We got a confirmation email, code, call AND we called to double check. They told us that we could have a table until 7:15 so we sat down and debated on whether to have apps here or just go to another place all together. We decided to go to another place all together and when we left the hostess said "Come visit us another time." Right...when pigs fly. Normally I wouldn't be so upset about this, however, they just blatantly lied to us and I'm sure that one of their cronies slipped them a hunnie and wanted a table at 7:30 so they bumped our reservation. They made NO effort to reconcile the situation and I was thoroughly disappointed. Thank you FRIDAY, SATURDAY, SUNDAY for an AMAZING dining experience last night!
Wow. One of the best dinners I have had in Philly. It's a very small, intimate space, which I actually loved. The wait staff was so attentive (it's almost guaranteed with such a small space!), very much accommodating to our party, and the food was superb. There were some new ingredients in my dish, which was fun! I had the scallop dish that came with this new vegetable I have never tried, can't remember the name but it looked like a succulent, and it looked like it was going to be dry but it was crispy, juicy, and so so delicious.
Came here on a Friday evening. The restaurant was fairly packed and we were lucky to get a reservation.

Started the meal off with the escargot and seared scallops. Both were excellent dishes and set our expectations even higher. I was quite disappointed they did't have the seared foei gras that night.

The main course is where it all fell apart. I ordered the duck confit, and it was just bad. The duck was overly salty. The duck was also overly fatty, and the side dishes did no saving grace. Totally not worth the price. 

To top it all off, considering the prices, why is this place cash only? Do you expect me to walk around with $100 bills in my wallet?
Service: HORRIBLE. The reason for only two stars is pretty much because of the service (and the fact that I've heard awesome things about the food, but I was not impressed).  Five of my girlfriends and I came on a Saturday night and had 8:45 reservations, but were not seated until 9:00.  Once seated, the waiter nicely opened our wine for us and gave us time to look at the menu.  He finally came back to take our order and my friend asked if the chef could possibly make sure that none of what she ordered is placed anywhere near the hazelnut dish that they had on the menu that night (my friend is severely allergic to hazelnuts). The waiter then processed to say "well I haven't killed anyone yet, so I'm sure you'll be fine." I'm sorry, WHAT? Actually, she could definitely die if anything that she ate was close to a hazelnut, but thanks for your concern douche.  

Our food came out in a reasonable time, but the waiter forgot one of our sides which came out and was disgusting (see the butternut squash review below). Once we were done our dinners, the server cleared the table and we proceeded to enjoy our wine and have the usual after dinner girl talk. Around 10:45, we were having a good conversation and a random server came out and started clearing ALL of our water and wine glasses.  I mean EVERYTHING. I had wine left in my glass and he grabbed it from in front of me stating, "I just want to get all of these in the dishwasher thanks." Again. IM SORRY WHAT? 

It was now 11:15 and the restaurant doesn't close until 12:00.  I then asked for my glass back and we all finished the rest of the wine by sharing from this one glass since but cleared everyone else's.  At this point I was going to stay until 12:00am on the dot just because I was so annoyed.  The kicker was  around 11:40 when our server brought us our jackets and said, "I am just going to put these on the table behind you." 

We finally decided to chug our wine and get the F out. Needless to say, I will not be going back there and believe that this place is completely overrated. 

Food: JUST OK. The appetizers were pretty good. We shared the mussels and the burrata. The mussels were amazing actually, but burrata was eh. We also ordered the roasted butternut squash as a side, which was not good. It  tasted sour and honestly there was no one at the table who didn't spit it out. 

As for entrees, two of my friends ordered the sea bass, which they believed was undercooked and in a weird red sauce. Two of us had the steak, which was probably the best entree out of them all. The sear was amazing.  I also  tasted the pork dish that my friend got and had good flavor, but I wasn't overly impressed. Anyway, I really don't write a lot of reviews on here, but felt I needed to considering how excited I was to eat here and how disappointed I am now.
Always a fine dining experience. We usually come for the Sunday tasting menu. My husband is vegetarian and they always adjust the offerings for him. The food is always prepared beautifully, with great flavor and beautiful presentation. Pumpkin has some of the best trained servers of any restaurant in Philly. They are attentive, not overbearing and always very nice. Top marks!! I have been here about a dozen times and have never had a bad experience, always great meal and a great time overall.
I was excited to try Pumpkin, especially after reading their write-up in Philly Mag's Best Restaurant issue. My expectations may have been on the high side, but overall, the meal was fine.

I think my mistake was going for Restaurant Week. As a few other reviews have mentioned, I was underwhelmed by the food.

I ordered the Cauliflower Soup, the Berkshire Pork, and the Pot de Creme.  I enjoyed all of my dishes just fine (the soup and dessert were high points of the meal), but I left wanting more... something. More impact? More flavor? More wow-factor?

The Cauliflower Soup was delicious - silky, creamy, and flavorful with the bits of extra flavor (quince, etc.) My boyfriend ordered the Lamb Ragout, which was okay. The ragout had a lot of flavor, but wasn't as satisfying as my soup.

The Berkshire Pork left me scratching my head a bit. It was a reasonably enjoyable entree (pork was cooked well, the sauerkraut was flavorful, presentation was nice) - but the knackwurst seemed an odd choice. I won't pretend to know what the chef was going for, but it read to me like trying to do high-brow/low-brow...and kind of falling in the middle.

I sampled some of the trout, and it was kind of light and bland. I did enjoy my dessert, a small portion that packed a lot of flavor.

Service was decent, but we were in and out in an hour flat - something that is rare at a more upscale/highly reviewed restaurant like this. 

I can't really give Pumpkin a bad review - I ultimately enjoyed my meal. I was just expecting...more. Maybe their standard menu is better.
I was pretty excited about Pumpkin because I heard some good things about it. It also seems like the type of place I would love. It's a small, quaint restaurant that makes food for the pleasure of food. They use sustainable products, and offer seasonal cuisine with an ever changing menu. Unfortunately the feeling I get is that they're trying too hard.

As the menu is constantly changing, which I really appreciate, I'm afraid some of the dishes I had are probably not on the menu anymore. But let me explain:

I had the foie gras starter there. Now foie has a rich, decadent taste in and of itself, and often does not need too much else to complete the dish. The foie here was served in a very disjointed manner, with a little smudge of sauce on the side of the plate, another smudge of something else here and there on the plate. You know when restaurants throw flower petals and random knick knacks on the plate in order to look "fancy"? It sort of had that feel. It was trying too hard to be fancy, when the food would have been delicious if a few components were left out.

I didn't have a bad experience at Pumpkin, and it really may be a nice place to have a romantic dinner, but unfortunately I wasn't a big fan of the food... delicious food does not need to be over-accessorized.
We ate in the outdoor "streetery" area on a Thursday night. Overall it's a quiet part of South Street but you do get some of the loud passing cars so there is some extra ambience. Considering we live on one of these busy streets, it didn't bother us - normal Thursday to us!

The outdoor seating area is cute! You have to be careful with the tables/chairs due to the street, but it's not a permanent structure so I don't think a restaurant deserves any dings right now for a slightly slanted seating area, haha.

The service was amazing. I have never really had this price-fixed meal concept before except during restaurant week (I'm ashamed to even admit I've been a part of that), but it works so well, especially combined with being BYOB! You get to enjoy eating out, but you really only have a few interactions with your server to initially get your order and take up/put down dishes here and there. There's no need for them to check if you need another round of drinks, no need to keep the cocktail menu in case you want to change your mind later, and I've already chosen my dessert so no need to bring that menu later and wait around either. It was a really great experience for our first dinner out post-pandemic.

The food was also amazing, but they change the menu so I'm not sure what anyone else will get when they go! I ordered the beet panzanella appetizer, swordfish entree, and lemon poppyseed cake dessert. My husband ordered the shrimp appetizer, pasta entree (that one was originally my choice but the server informed us they subbed the squash for mushrooms that night and mushrooms don't like me as much as I like them so my husband and I traded entree orders), and chocolate cake thing for dessert. All of it was truly amazing - flavorful, different textures, the PERFECT portion sizes. We had difficulty after when we tried naming our favorites. 

All in all, an amazing experience and a new favorite in the city. We'll be back!

(Sorry for lack of pictures; we really tried to enjoy the experience and anyway the menu changes so it might be different than your experience!)
Late September night, the evening's are getting a little cooler, bit by bit.  Perfect time to be outside at the parklet of Pumpkin.

Outdoor seating, if you can snag it, is the way to go. Why be confined, even in the nice and comfy inside of Pumpkin, during the pandemic?  There are about 7, 8 two seater.table settings.outside, capable of holding up to 4, though at least one of those tables is likely to be somewhat lopsided. Who cares?!?  You're alive, outside, and about to have a great meal with someone(s) you care about and who (hopefully???) feel similarly about  you!

Restaurant Week's menu had us sampling a golden beet salad versus shrimp escabeche (a draw: both equally good, fully of layers of flavors, and the types of meals to cause one to slow down) for appetizers.  Salmon perfectly done with a mesmerizing crunchy crust with chickpeas, kale and yogurt was surprisingly stout, sturdy, filling; while it was counterpunched by a perfectly grilled flank steak supported by a healthy serving of rocket (arugula ), slightly hot habanada peppers and a skordalia that was very much like polenta.  That the salmon stood up to the heavy #RameyCabernet as well as the steak did was something.

Desserts were a chocolate torte with dulcet de leche, pecan and coconut versus a D'affinois cheese with pan seared bread with a light olive oil,  a rosemary'ed honey and blueberries.  The cheese course wins hands double down. So double down, I had a double order.  This was just decadence and the perfect cap to an excellent meal.

Get to Pumpkin. Don't be scurred.
First time back since our first visit 4 yrs ago. The food is still exceptional and the staff & service is perfect. We loved the new decor with the reclaimed wood walls - absolutely awesome! 

The meal:
The escargot was phenomenal - and very different form the usual preparation.

The fluke was great.

The duck while very good, was over salted (maybe too much in a brine?). It was close to crossing the line where we would want to ask for something else - but it didn't cross the line and we were still able to enjoy it. But that's why I gave 4 not 5 stars.

Had both sides available that evening: broccoli rabe and a white bean cassoulet? Both were exceptional!

Also got the pumpkin bread and accompaniments for dessert - it was very good, but the bread seemed to be missing a little something. Oh, the coffee was one of the best 2 cups I've had in a restaurant in a long time. Great rich, bold flavor - and freshly brewed (or at least kept in an air pot after it was brewed). There's way too many good restaurants that screw up making a good cup of coffee.
My date received a positive covid test result the day of our long awaited reservation and obviously had to cancel. I knew about the cancellation policy on OpenTable but I would assume not risking to spread the virus to restaurant staff and patrons, if not the entire city of Philadelphia, would be grounds for policy exception. WRONG - This establishment clearly does not care about covid-19 protocol. When I called to cancel my reservation I received no cause for concern from them and no mention of actually being charged a cancellation fee. Was charged $50 for our reservation for 2. If you care, beware.
Alright here we go. I had wanted to go to Pumpkin for a long time because I heard such great things, but every time I looked at the menu I was put off by it. It seems too fancy and I didn't love a lot of the stuff they used in the item descriptions. But I kept hearing great things so we went for CCD Restaurant Week. 

Other than it being a VERY small establishment, and us getting a table all the way in the back next to the kitchen while the couple that walked in right before us was given a great table (even tho they didn't have reservations, ahem), the food was actually unbelievable. I had no idea what I was putting in my mouth half the time but it was delicious. It was a rare instance where it was a true culinary craft experience. The tasting planning is just a very high caliber and worth every penny. I would love to return!
5 stars for a beautiful birthday celebration dinner in the Summer time
5 star service
5 star ambience indoors - quiet, not very crowded, can bring your own beverage
4.5 stars for food

Ambience: My friend and I came to celebrate my birthday over dinner after a horrible lunch out elsewhere earlier in the day. The restaurant was dimly lit, the outside was quite warm. There was only one other seated table indoors at the time. We had a dimly lit candle lighting our table. 

Service: Quite attentive, food was expedient, wait staff answered questions thoroughly and politely

Food: for our three courses, we got a Mackerel escabeche, chilled corn soup; Swordfish and Trumpet pasta, and basil panna cotta with olive oil cake.

1st course: Mackerel - actually quite a sizeable fish, nicely salted, savory
Soup - had a nice depth of flavor, perfect summertime chilled soup

2nd course: Trumpet pasta - nice little pieces of pasta, was light, not too dense
Swordfish - a bit underseasoned unfortunately, forgettable

3rd course: panna cotta - great flavors, mix of peach and blueberry, with the right amount of tahini crumble
Olive oil cake - perfectly light, moist, everything you want in a restaurant-worthy cake, fresh strawberries

Tips/Takeaways:
-A great dinner option, wiped away an awful lunch experience I had earlier in the day
-Would highly recommend trying them out
-Different seasonal/daily menus
-Also currently have their restaurant week experience
Pumpkin has long been on the top of our list for the best BYO in the city. We have never been disappointed. It is our first choice  when we have out of town guests. 
During this difficult coronavirus time, Pumpkin has stepped up  with a $35 three course dinner that is exceptional. They change the menu daily. They do the delivery themselves. So the food is hot and fresh when it's delivered. 
We need to support this neighborhood gem now, so they'll be here later too!!
Pumpkin came highly recommended by many of my colleagues and Yelp Eliters, so my husband and I decided to give it a try for Restaurant Week Fall 2020! 3 courses for $35 for dinner. The menu always seemed a bit lackluster to us with relatively simple ingredients but assumed it was a more elevated cuisine. We were correct that it's definitely elevated but possibly just not a great fit for us. We like bold and elegant flavors, which we got from the sweet potato confit which was our  favorite part of the night. Every other part of our dinner was subpar. For our other appetizer we got the chickpea soup (chilled) - good fragrant spices but not enough bold flavor for us. Entrees were monkfish and shrimp & grits which was disappointing because the Instagram post with the restaurant week menu listed duck breast on the menu, but it was never corrected on Instagram or the website and only told once we were seated. I heard raving reviews about the duck breast and was genuinely disappointed we drove out to Rittenhouse from the Main Line and weren't able to try it. Dessert we got mint panna cotta and chocolate cake. My husband liked the mint Panna cotta but the texture just doesn't do it for me; the chocolate cake was dry and sauces were confusing. It tasted like hoisin sauce and cranberry sauce on the plate with a dry chocolate cake that was hard to swallow. Overall, pretty disappointing. The ingredients were all fresh but it did not live up to the hype. I was looking forward to this dinner all week, I guess these menu items were just not a great fit for us.
A classy and tasty BYOB in Rittenhouse - perfect for a date, or a small get-together with friends. 

As an appetizer, I had the chilled beet soup with dill and creme fraiche, which was so delicious - and had a beautiful, vibrant color. For an entree, I tried the pork (cooked in three ways) dish, which was flavorful and tender - I particularly liked the pork belly. 

We also split two desserts among the six of us - we didn't particularly enjoy the chocolate one, but the butterscotch pudding dessert was a winner. 

A few things to note: the menu here changes depending on what is fresh for the season, and it is a fairly small place so would recommend it for a date or small groups. And don't forget to bring wine!
I've had Pumpkin on my radar for a little bit but it wasn't until last night did I finally check it out.  

So the space is pretty tight in there... I was a party of two... and there wasn't much of a place to even put my handbag.  I'm only telling you this because if you show up and think you might be able to squeeze a friend or extra chair at your reservation... I'm willing you bet you wont be able to.

We ordered the pork belly, scallops and beef cheek. 

I typically am not a huge pork belly girl, but we went for it... and it was some of the better pork belly I've experienced in my days. Not a huge piece but a well prepared piece (which is key).
The scallops I thought were perfectly seared and of medium size.  The side of beats and lentils was a nice combination.
The beef cheek was very good.  Fall apart with a fork tasty. 

Overall I enjoyed my time here but I don't know if I'll be rushing back.  Everything just seemed a little small, the place and the dishes.  The prices weren't small  but they weren't over the top... I guess I just left hungry and wanted to stretch (since I was a little cramped up at the table for two). 

Please remember this is  BYO and cash only.  One thing to remember is reservations on opentable (some are 1,000 pointers).
Pumpkin was the perfect place to have Valentine's Day dinner. The space was small yet cozy and the dcor was minimal.
Colleen our server was exceptional; she was very descriptive on the courses that were presented before us and very friendly.

The Amuse bouche was a sweet potato veloute, the presentation was beautiful, and we could see the components before the velvety broth was poured into the bowl. My husband is not a soup fan, but he really enjoyed this course.

Second Course
The house made cavatelli had huge portions of fresh lobster and mushrooms were a great spin on a pasta salad!  
Husband had the veal sweetbread! Yummy!

Entrees
My duck Moulard was a wonderful rare, grilled skin side down resulted in a crunch bite melting with flavor, the foie gras reduction was a great   the slice of green apple cleansed the palate nicely.
The pan seared cobia was nice, with great presentation, however we were both agreed that the duck was the better choice.

The desserts were amazing! My personal favorite was the malted pot de crme, ridiculously rich and decadent.  I could feel my hips increasing with every bite, but the toffee and coffee concoction was well worth the calories, it was to die for.
The Goat cheesecake was another nice way to wrap up a wonderful meal. The flavors were intense but not too overwhelming.
The snow gently falling in the window really added that extra touch of romance to the evening. We will definitely come back again!
Last night was my first visit to Pumpkin and it did not disappoint! It only took so long for me to visit because I was turned off by the fact that it's CASH ONLY -- but plus side is that it's BYOB no corkage fee.

We didn't even realize it was restaurant week, we were hoping for the Sunday prix-fix menu, but we still had a wonderful meal with the $35 tasting menu provided for RW. 

The food was phenomenal -- we finished every last bite of everything. The portions were perfectly appropriate as we all left full, with every bite finished, but not overly stuffed, just perfectly satisfied. The celery root soup had such great flavor to it, perfect texture from the puree. I started off with the duck confit pasta which was perfectly al dente, and I wouldn't change anything about the seasoning of the dish. My entre of arctic char was cooked perfectly. The lentils were flavorful, the arctic char had a nice crispy skin on the outside and the fish itself seasoned well and flakey. The desserts also did not disappoint. I had the peanut butter pot de crme, flavors and textures melded very well together and the goat cheese cheesecake was very unique, but the goat cheese totally worked and was delicious!

Service was very friendly, professional. Only reason for the knockdown to 4 stars is because at the end of our meal it took almost 15-20 minutes to ask for our bill when we had been finished with our desserts for quite some time and he had walked by a few times.

But I'm glad to say, I've found my new favorite BYO and I've been in search ever since Matyson closed. Safe to say I'll be back sooner than later, to try the Sunday Prix-fix !
We loved the laid-back intimacy of Pumpkin and the fantastic, fresh food.  I started with the Sunchoke-Hazelnut Veloute, which was a silky soup with great flavor.  Upon our waitress' recommendation, I ordered the Moulard Duck with the dark and white meat separated and prepared differently.  The white meat was tender with crispy skin and the dark meat arrived in a ramekin with an unique potato and grain mixture.  I sampled the Sea Bass and was impressed by how fresh it was.  For dessert, we tried the Financier, which was a little on the small side although very flavorful; we did like the accompanying ice creams, especially the Banana although we had some reservations about the amount of "crumble" that finished the dish.
Perfect, perfect, perfect little restaurant.

I brought my girlfriend here for her birthday and once again we had an excellent meal with no complaints.  After the standard crusty italian bread with seasoned olive oil, we started with the grilled quail (a tiny delicious bird, on top of chopped vegetables) and the simple green salad, which frankly was one of the most amazing salads I've seen.  It was this huge plate of bright green mixed greens, each one perfect as if they had all been hand picked - seriously, nothing wilted or brown on that plate at all.  It was accented with candied almonds, green apple slices, and crumbled bleu cheese - delicious!

Moving onto entrees, I had the magret of duck with hen of the woods mushrooms (absolutely perfect, the duck was cooked precisely medium rare, the mushrooms were succulent, the flavors were impeccable) and my girlfriend had the king of mackerel which she enjoyed immensely (but I'm pretty sure mine was better).  The duck was a lot of food, actually - surprisingly so.

We finished off by sharing the banana trifle, which was soooo good that it inspired us to go home and make a trifle cake the next day (not quite as good and certainly half as pretty, but tasty nonetheless).

Probably one of our favorite restaurants in Philly.  Make reservations well in advance, bring a bottle of wine, and bring plenty of cash because they don't take plastic.
It's shameful that we waited this long to try Pumpkin!  It's tough to find a five-star experience during Restaurant Week, but this easily hit the mark.

We loved the warm, albeit tight space and were greeted by a charming host and server.  Our coats and wine were whisked away, and the wine only reappeared when we were down to our last sips (impressive).  The way they were seating was executed beautifully too.  They were staggering the new diners next to the ones that were finishing, so you could have some privacy in such a small space.  It was obvious that they thought this out.

The burrata was the highlight of the first course.  It's the en vogue cheese of the moment, and it can go horribly wrong when it's over portioned or under seasoned.  The plating was colorful with lots of bright flavors and it paired beautifully with the house bread.

Both main courses were excellent.  The arctic char was perfect with crispy skin so skillfully cooked that it cracked like glass on knife contact.  The pork chop with red cabbage and spaetzle was great, but the flavor on the chop itself was out of this world.  It was smoky, juicy and perfectly spiced.  We could almost cut it with a fork.  Not only that, but it was a generous portion.

The desserts were small, but perfectly done.  The chocolate and peanut butter dish was subtle but had this great lingering peanut after taste, and the goat cheese cake was velvety goodness.  I particularly liked the interesting contrast of the super strong lemon sorbet with the goat cheese.  

Great dining experience!
So I hadn't been to Pumpkin in about a year until last night . . . and I now am so angry with myself for waiting so long!  I went for a friend's birthday.  We had a reservation for 12, as did the table next to us.  I was worried we would feel cramped.  Not at all!  The staff was great and didn't miss a beat.  Our food came out promptly and I never felt like either of the large groups was overtaking the tiny restaurants (although some of the smaller tables around us might beg to differ).  

My food was excellent.  I had the hanger steak, and I cannot remember the last time I had such an excellent steak in Philadelphia.  I did not order the squid appetizer, but I had definitely had appetizer envy over it.  Everything was excellent; no one I dined with would say otherwise.  

It will definitely be less than a year until I go back this time!
I was this close to giving Pumpkin 5 stars because I've rarely experienced food that's tasted so exquisite. 

Pumpkin sets out to create a menu that highlights fresh, local and seasonal foods and I've never met an argument for using fresh, local and seasonal foods that has tasted better. 

I was here on a Thursday night with a group of 7 for our BYO-of-the-month club's April outing. We started with the octopus and the gnocchi as appetizers for the table - which were both heavenly, but the veggies that came tossed with the gnocchi were so, well, vibrant, if 'vibrant' can be a taste. I do not like cooked carrots, but the carrots in this dish tasted unlike any carrot I had previously had, as did all of the other veggies. What was most intriguing was the way all the components of the dish were so distinct, but perfectly enhanced each other at the same time. 

Looking for the same revelation with my entree, I ordered the chicken. I was not disappointed. This chicken was succulent, and I've never been able to use that word to describe chicken before. I also had a taste of my friend's scallops, which were delicate, yet meaty and perfectly cooked. 

Despite being a small BYO, Pumpkin accommodated our large group and a few others that evening quite easily, without making the dining room seem overly crowded. 

Pumpkin is a smidge on the pricey side and I found the desserts to be so-so, which prevented me from ramping this up to a 5 star review, but any place that can make me wax lyrical over a carrot has got to be tried.
