I've been to Punch Line a few times for comedy shows and although I've enjoyed all of them, my most recent experience was the best one yet. I was there for Tom Rhodes and he had me laughing both during the show and even after!

This comedy club is set up really well, giving you a decent view from anywhere you are seated. Tables are large, spacious, and arranged perfectly. For a comedy show that lasts about two hours, comfortable seating is crucial!

Service is wonderful and staff is very attentive. As soon as I reached the end of my drink, they were quick to notice and ask if I wanted another one. They're very cautious of when to walk over to tables/customers, making sure they're not interrupting the show. 

As many Yelpers have noted, there is a two-drink minimum that also applies to food. Prices are pretty standard when compared to most other restaurants and bars in Philadelphia.

All in all, I've had some awesome experiences at Punch Line and look forward to returning again for some more laughs and a good time!

** PRO TIP: there's many neighboring bars and businesses including Philadelphia Distilling and Goose Island Brewery if you want to pop in either before or after a show for some food or a drink! **
After checking out this venue multiple times I must say I was disappointed.  The comedy is great, and staff is friendly but service is S L O W. I attended both early & late shows and found the service to be slacking.

The ambiance is nice but the 2 drink minimum seems outdated. I had to look around and ask, is this a club. Instead of having a 2 item minimum, I have to get 2 drinks even if I order food? Wow. 

Both times I went, we waited over 30 min for a server to approach us. Then once we ordered, our beverages took a while to come. The service dropped them of hastily and replied, they went to the wrong table as she scurried off. To top it off, a few minutes before the show ended, I looked up & the server dropped a water off for me without verifying if that was my 2nd drink preference.  It was late. I was tired and my companion said don't worry about it. I was appalled by that tactic. I think the serve should have at least asked me what I desired to drink & not assume...
If the wait at Goose Island is long, then I highly suggest going to Punch Line for some beers + grub instead. Waiting an hour plus at Goose Island really just doesn't make sense. These two spots essentially share a fence, both have outdoor seating and you can find a long list of libations and classic bar food at either. Because of this our group was sold.

We had several hours to kill before a show at The Fillmore, and our server was a pro at keeping up with the many food and drink orders that we continued to put in. We tried lots of different appetizer items. Some of the highlights were the margarita flatbread, pretzels and beer cheese and fries with every dipping sauce on the menu (they charge you extra for sauce, just FYI). Prices are reasonable enough, and for a bunch of beers and apps we ended up spending around 40 dollars each.

Punch Line is also a comedy club at night, so it'd be cool to come back for a show. For now, it's a solid option for some pre-show drinks and eats before heading to The Fillmore.
Punch Line is a super interesting venue. For every event I've attended (comedy shows, drag brunch, trivia nights, etc), they welcome guests and keep them in the front area with a bar until the doors open and then they seat you. Usually, seating is first come, first serve. You are often seated with people you do not know, so keep that in mind.

All events have had a 2-drink minimum per person, so I think that is a venue policy. Drinks have gone up quite a bit in price, both cocktails and beers and seltzers are over $10. I've made the mistake of ordering drinks at the bar while waiting to be seated, and those do not count towards your two drink minimum.

The space itself is on the smaller side, so it's a great place to see someone you really enjoy! I think it has a capacity of like 300, so that makes the bathroom situation complicated. There is almost always a line.

Overall, I don't mind coming to shows here but it's certainly not my favorite venue of all time.
My boyfriend and I had a fun date night here on Friday. That being said we both think there is room for improvement to make this venue an even better spot to hang out in the 'hood. 
First, the $20 parking is not cool at all. No need to gauge your patrons people! Thankfully, there is some street parking to be had and sugarhouse is in walking distance so you can park there as well, and save your money. Stick it to the man. 
The set up of the venue is pretty cool. There is a nice outside area, and then a decent bar before you get into the theater. The drinks were ok but pretty overpriced.  $16 for a glass of dreaming tree red wine that goes for about $17 a bottle was pretty weak. We stuck to our mixed drinks which were only slightly above average in price at about $13 each. 
We wanted to grab a drink from the bar before the show but were essentially talked out of it by the bartender who told us that there is table service in the theater section, with a two drink minimum. So we decided to wait, but had we known it was going to be about another half hour before the show we would have grabbed a drink before the show. 
We had vip tickets so we skipped the line and were seated right up front. Those who did not had to wait in line and grab their seats on a first come first served basis. The seats were set up like tables in a restaurant which was different. And since it is a pretty intimate venue there wasn't a bad seat in the house. 
Our biggest gripe was the service inside the theater. I think our waitress must have been new because she couldn't answer any questions about the drinks. And I wasn't asking anything crazy, just like, hey is this a good drink. Also, after our first round we ordered another. About a half hour later she comes back and asks us if we wanted to order another drink. Which we thought we did a half hour ago. 
But don't let this deter you from coming here. The show itself was great and it was a fun change up from a normal date night. Hopefully they work out the kinks here!
The interior of this new venue looked clean and the security people at the door were nice. 

But my first experience here was super weird and uneasy. 

First, some tickets to see two relatively unknown comedians at this venue showed up mysteriously in the common area of my office. I took them because I thought they were extras from someone in my office who had purchased them, and I know that my office is filled with people of good taste. They were labeled as $15 tickets and I didn't want them to go to waste. Turns out, many people in the 400-person line I stood in had the same strange experience, and that the tickets were actually free "crowd filler" tickets. Marketing folks who came up with this idea, you may have influenced my behavior this time, but mark my words, this trick is not going to work on me again!

As some reviewers from the same night pointed out, the line did wrap around the block, but only 2 or 3 people within my hearing range in line had actually purchased tickets with the intent of seeing the performers. (I mainly heard crickets when a staff member called out to see if anyone in line was holding a "paid" ticket.) Apparently, they had given away way more free tickets than they had the space to accommodate, which resulted in a large chunk of the line being turned away after waiting over an hour to get in. Many people were understandably disgruntled - both for the wait, then subsequently, for being turned away. 

I personally would have preferred it if they had let us know that they would only let in "X" number of people with free tickets before or as we were lining up, rather than after we had been standing outside at night on a desolate/run-down/warehouse-y block below the highway for almost an hour.  

It seems like the reason why it took so long was because they did not have a procedure in place to keep track of how many people entered the venue, so they couldn't tell how many seats were left until everyone inside sat down, and only then did they let in more people from the line.

We were lucky(?) enough to be the very last people they let into the building, over an hour after we had arrived. Entry is pretty standard - they check your ID and your bags, and then give you one of those neon Tyvek wristbands.  

The ticket check-in station was not clearly labeled and no instructions were given upon entry, such that when I was walking along trying to figure out where I was going, a hangry girl in a line to my right barked agitatedly in my direction, "Hey!! You need to get back here!" 

Although there is a 2-drink minimum, I got away with not drinking anything (not even water) because no server ever got to me. A server brought a burger to our table, even though nobody ordered one. The show was all right - I felt bad for one of the performers at times when jokes were met with silence or the sound of people getting up from their seats. 

The thing that bothered me the most about this experience is that I was influenced, without my knowledge, to participate in making a performance seem well-attended (over-booked in this case), when in reality it wasn't. It's a form of deception and doesn't sit well with someone who is always willing to help struggling artists, and all one needs to do is be direct and ask.
Last night felt like some sense of normalcy. It's May, 2021 and the requirements for the pandemic are changing frequently. Punchline had the precautions in place: employees wore mask, tables spaced out, attendees wore mask in common areas.

We had a nice time laughing at the comedians with their "punchlines" about the pandemic and the struggles. The jokes were so appreciated! All the stand-up comedians were great!

Of course, a place like this requires a pricey two drink minimum. I tried their frozen mango margarita (on the rocks; instead of frozen) - it was okay. Also, had the Fishtown Old Fashioned - it was a bit strong. We enjoyed the "Knockout Platter" that had a variety of finger foods. My favorite out the box was the mozzarella sticks and cheesesteak dumplings.

FYI, there's a nearby free gravel parking lot (unattended). 

It's always a pleasure coming to Punchline!
We decided to swing by Punch Line Philly for a little Saturday night comedy and boy did we have a blast! 

Punch Line is one of Philly's premiere comedy hotspots and they always have a great line up of well accredited comedians ready to bring you knee slapping jokes! 

The location hold 300 guest. The food is very tasty and you need to know that they do have a two drink minimum that they take very serious! 

If you're looking for good comedy this spot comes highly recommended to my fellow yelpers!
The plus side...

- The sight lines were amazing. Great room for performers I'm sure. 
- It was surprisingly comfortable for a big guy like me. 
- The popcorn shrimp wasn't bad. 
- The level of performers they attract are top notch. Vir Das last night was amazing. 

The negative...

- It was confusing going in. We would up standing in the box office line for 10 minutes even though we already had tickets. It looked like it was the line to go into the showroom. The people at the front door don't tell you anything. 
- When we got to the seating area, no one bothered to check our ticket. Seriously I could have walked in off the street for free. 
- I'm ok with a two drink minimum. I just wonder why ordering food doesn't seem to count toward it. If I'm paying $10 for popcorn shrimp, that should count. 

I'd come back if there was a performer I wanted to see. I wouldn't go there on a whim.
I received a complimentary ticket for the show and voucher for free appetizer through Yelp:

Came here for a Friday evening show. Dwayne Kennedy was headlining but the two comedians before him were really great as well. 

There is a (paid) parking lot right by the venue so you don't have to look too far. They do a quick search before you come in so be prepared for that. The venue is new and clean and has a bar outside the actual seating area (remember there is a 2 item minimum once inside!). I got the chicken fingers appetizer and even though it's only three strips it comes with plenty of fries and I wouldn't have bothered to ordered an entree. You get plenty full plus there isn't too much time to dig in an eat before the show is over. Drinks were a bit more expensive than standard bar prices but well made. 

Would love to come here again and see a different show.
Came here as the ending for a great guy's night out.  Lots of space and not too crowded, but you will probably have to sit and make some new friends.  It's a big room for a couple of hundred.

Check-in was easy...tickets and ID needed to get a band for alcohol, no matter how old you look.  Then the host or hostess will get you seated really quickly.  First come/first served, unless you have a big group and called in early.  Although we were originally placed to the far right side as we requested not to be close to the stage, we were easily allowed to switch to center back behind the first section of 4 tops.  Perfect views and sound.

Service was very attentive with drink orders.  We also got some food.  My BBQ wings were nice and crunchy and not overdone.  They tasted great.  My friend's stromboli was just average but edible.

I did not like that food does not count towards your two-drink minimum.  The draft cider was good, but I had to "order" a $2 bottle of water to go with my 1/2 empty glass of water to make up for the 2-drink minimum.

Other positives were that I got to buy my tickets using the Elite Yelp status so although I was not in time for the complementary ticket, I was able to get them for 1/2 off with a complementary drink coupon, AND, they have a Yelp Check-In for $5 off $20 so that was some additional savings!

This excursion was on a whim, and I was not familiar with headliner Annie Lederman.  She was very funny and had a lot of interaction with the audience.  She makes you think.

Overall, I'd highly recommend Punch Line Philly for your comedy laughs.  I'll be back!
Punch Line's greatest assets must be their comedy acts and the location. The Punch Line, Fillmore, Philadelphia Distilling, Revolutions set up is surely the new entertainment meca of Philadelphia. 

The comedy showroom was built really well- with limited polls to obstruct views. Even Kevin Smith commented to its structure during his recent gig. With that being said, they really tried to pack us in there.

My husband and I made the mistake of showing up right around showtime. We almost got squished into a side view booth with two large people. How did the host think that would work? Instead, we requested to be moved elsewhere and ended up at a shared table in the back of the showroom. We had a great view and weren't far from Kevin Smith, but it was very cramped. The back of my chair was against another person's chair and I'm sure she could feel it every time I moved. I also had to keep adjusting my legs so servers wouldn't trip. When my legs were out of the way, they were very cramped.

As I'm sure you're aware, there's a two-drink minimum. A carafe counts as two drinks and a bottle of wine counts as four drinks. The wine and beer selection were nothing at all to write home about. We went with a bottle of wine, but I wish I went with the cocktails- those looked delicious. The bottle of the wine was probably the most economical option. I forgot to use my Yelp check-in offer of $5 off of $20- whomp whomp. 

I didn't eat anything, but based on the reviews and the food of the other patrons at my table, I wasn't impressed. The pizza looked like something out of a freezer.

In any event, while I wasn't the most impressed of the Punch Line, I wouldn't avoid it if the act was right.
I came here tonight to see Ali Siddiq and I was a bit underwhelmed with my experience at the ticket office. Yelp offered a $5/$25 check in offer and while the guy at the ticket booth was nice, he said he was unable to honor it. It doesn't state for food or drinks so I'm not sure what it's supposed to be used for since the bar is called something different. 

Once the doors opened, there was a mad rush to get in the long winding line to get led to your seats for the show. We had general admission but were seated with a couple at a middle table in the center of the room. Our server was good; our table had first round of drinks long before the show started (we were seated pretty early on).

There were two comedians before the headliner but in my opinion, one was better than the other. The 'host' who opened the show spent her whole set talking about her husband who she wants to divorce. It was funny the first 5 minutes she talked about it, but that literally was the ONLY thing she based her set on. It was honestly like beating a dead horse and made her sound pretty jaded. 

The second comedian was funnier. He also appeared to be a crowd favorite since there was lots of laughter during his set. I think his name was Skeet Carter. Ali Siddiq, the headliner, was good as well. The whole crowd seemed to enjoy his set and it was disappointing when it had to end. 

The food definitely left something to be desired for me. I've definitely had my fair share of margherita and this was one of the priciest and yet worst ones I've had. The crust tasted like it was previously frozen (similar to an Elios pizza) with crispy crust and slightly undercooked center. The 'sauce' tasted like it was spaghetti sauce and not any sort of pizza sauce. I was hungry so I ate it but for $13, even a mall food court can make a decent margarita pizza. 

All in all, it's definitely not a cheap night out ($26-$27 for tickets, 2 drink minimum per person). I think we spend like $56 on tickets and $60 for drinks, apps, and tip. Parking is $20 in the nearby lot or you can take your chance in the nearby streets.
Punch Line Philly is one of the city's newer comedy clubs. The club is in Fishtown, on the same street as the Fillmore Philly & within walking distance to the Sugar House Casino. 

Heads up: 
-Two item minimum- drinks or food. 
-Most events are 21+
-Typical shows have a host, an opener and a headliner. 
-Check out their social media pages for a chance to get free tickets. 
-Get discounted tickets on sites like GoldStar or Living Social.
-Seating is not pre assigned, hostess team seats groups.
-The club is cold- bring a sweater!

The comics can be hit or miss.
Punch Line is now gentrifying a neighborhood where you used to risk getting punched, or getting offered a line of something...but now we have a gigantic venue for great comedy acts!

This can be an awkward date spot because 1. you may be seated with other people 2. you're supposed to keep chatting to a minimum  3. you may find out your date doesn't drink and you will have to consume 4 drinks (JK they count water and they don't actually hold you to the 2 drink min per person) 3. you may find out your date has an extremely unattractive snort laugh 4. you may find out your date is a heckler 5. said date may get called out and publicly shamed by the comedian for snorting and/or heckling. If you do find a human worthy of your company who you don't want to punch, I highly suggest getting in line for some great comedy.

Got free tickets from a comedy festival, and was super excited to see Roy Wood Jr.! He was hilarious and his openers were awesome too! We got there at 9:50 for a show that started at 10:15 and doors opened at 9:45. We waited in line for a bit and got seated pretty close to the front. The security is a bit alarming (not used to being wanded up and down in Philly). Drinks and food are (over)priced as expected although the food isn't as bad as Helium, the chicken fingers and fries were good (but pricy).

Looks like Goldstar constantly has discounted/free tickets for their shows so I'd check that before paying full price for anything.

Happy to have another place to LOL in Philly!
It's located right across the street from Sugarhouse Casino on a small side street that also has a restaurant, rock-n-bowl bowling alley and the The Filmore. The layout of the street reminds me of the city streets you see on a back lot movie studio tour. Very cool. Inside Punchline, it's warehouse-esque with a large bar and patio seating. In the comedy room most of the seating is not private unless you're with a large party. If you're a party of 2 you'll sit with other people. 

They have table service for drinks and food. The menu is small but adequate. Chicken fingers, fries and grilled chicken Caesar salad were fair though we really had no expectations for fine cuisine. The 3 comedians were excellent. Service was pretty good although our server visibly showed his dismay when we ordered diet sodas and not alcohol. I really can't understand why since they're $5 each, so we spent $30 on sodas instead of booze and we also ordered food.  

Overall it was a great night. Parking can be difficult. We parked at Sugarhouse and walked over which turned out to be very easy and convenient.
Drag Brunch is always a fun time filled with bach parties, birthdays, and a squad of straight women (who "woo" instead of saying "yas" - queens' words, not mine).

The food is pretty good, the servers are good at coming around, and every seat is a good seat.

The only caveat I really have is that the "free drink" included in the brunch is limited to bloody marys and mimosas I believe, and that's def not written on the menu.

Overall, it's a fun time and you better say "YAS!"
The place was cool and pretty hip. We went to go see Bill belemy which was a funny show. We ordered the food there I must say their chicken finger were pretty good. I don't like how even if you buy food you still have to buy 2 drinks. The second time we went we saw Bret Ernst he was funny. The only thing that was annoying was, we were charge for sauce for our quesadillas we ordered, it was a dollar for each packet of sour cream. I'm mean really you guys are gonna charge us for aside cause the quesadilla was dry.
I've been to this place a few times for other comedians, but last night was a Yelp event. Much smaller than the usual crowds, but still a pretty intimate venue. I don't know what I was more excited for, the comedy show or the excuse it gives me to eat at Love and honey fried chicken before the show. Either way it's still a pretty inexpensive date night. Last night was Really funny comedians who happen to be women. These ladies killed it. From the host Natalie, Hannah the up and coming lawyer, Kat Mosley, and a few others that prove that women are just as funny as men, is what a great Elite event. Punchline always has a 2 drink minimum, which is not a big deal if you just order a carafe that counts a 2. I've never had there food cause I tend to eat in the neighborhood before I go, but it appears to be pretty basic bar food. I've signed up for their emails that keeps me in the loop about future events. They've had some pretty big names perform there such as Chapelle and Ansari recently, so it's always worth checking your email for some of the last minute performances. Overall, a fun, inexpensive, date night or one that can be shared with friends.
The food here is overpriced and TERRIBLE. Even the most basic thing like wings and fries weren't great. Like most comedy places, your forced to order two items a person on the menu so only come here if you really have to. Spare yourself the mediocre food and drinks. 

The comedy talent is pretty good though.
Don't worry about the two drink minimum, you can't even get a server. Management is pretty awful too. Don't waste your time coming here.
They pull you in with free or cheaply priced tickets. The food lacks taste or flare. The drinks( a  double shot) of scotch was over priced and not measured properly, I was with a Bartender who immediately made note of it.  The up side the comedian Tourae(sp) was funny as hell!!!
Punchline is a fairly large comedy club in an up and coming part of Philly. The venue itself is pretty nice. It looked like there was an outside patio area (that was likely closed due to the cold weather. When you first walk into the venue, you'll walk into a room with a bar and box office. There seemed to be ample seating in that area. 

After picking up our tickets, we were escorted to our table in the main room. Seating is on a first come first serve basis so make sure you arrive early if you want to be close to the stage. There were some VIP tables along the back of the room and a small bar on the side. There is no flash photography allowed once the show starts. 

Keep in mind that there is a 2 drink minimum that does not include food. I ordered the "sucker punch" which I absolutely loved! The presentation was great (and unexpected) - the drink came with a cherry and cute cocktail drink umbrella on top. Totally picture worthy!

Our waiter wasn't too attentive but he was nice enough. I asked for a couple glasses of water at one point... which he forgot to bring out. We finally received them after asking a second time. 

I had an enjoyable experience at Punchline. It's a cool venue and its an added bonus that it is close to a bunch of bars. I would recommend and definitely come back again. 

PRO TIP: check out Groupon for cheap tickets. I purchase a voucher for two tickets for $12. You can't beat that price! Also, don't forget to take advantage of the $5 off $20 check in offer for Yelpers!
I have to say Punch Line is a pretty cool venue for a comedy show and the variety and quality of the talent they're bringing to town is great! Inside the venue itself it's a first come first seat situation unless you pay more, so line up early if you're there as a mega fan. There are more columns here about midway back so there could be line of sight issues, but it did look like they took pains to avoid issues with table angles etc. towards the rear. We were seated halfway back and felt we had excellent seats.

They also have a great outdoor seating area and the bar area just outside the venue is pretty chill for getting there early to kill some time.

Bathrooms were kept clean, the servers quick and unobtrusive-- my order had to be asked after but I didn't even care because the fries arrived soon after, were tasty as heck and I was enjoying the show!

Also, parking over at the casino is super easy if you want a hassle free experience!
Came to Punch Line Philly in the beginning of July for a meet and greet / drag show. When we arrived we got our bracelets and were told to sit at the bar until a crowd or line formed. Punch Line has a two drink minimum. It's required once you are in the showroom. -- Although I knew about the minimum, I didn't realize it was only in the showroom. So I ordered a beer out by the bar thinking it would contribute to that. My fault. We also decided to order an app because we were starving. We ordered the margherita pizza. It was pretty good! The crust was so flakey making a mess everywhere though.

Once it was time to form for the meet and greet, they had a line literally wrapping around the outside of the building. Things went pretty fast which was nice. The staff was definitely efficient in getting everyone in and out. When entering the showroom someone will guide you to your seats. Our table was directly, front row and center of the stage. What luck!

Once I was informed that our outdoor drink didn't contribute we were talked into ordering the larger margarita because it would count as two drinks and we would be hitting our minimum. It was $48 for two margaritas (ridiculous) -- not to mention it tasted like juice. Made our stomachs hurt quite a bit after too. 

Three stars for the staff / out door bartender / pizza. I definitely would come back for another show, but Punch Line is just your typical comedy club. Nothing out of this world.
I really enjoyed the venue overall. I would go back. However, I know to eat dinner before the show, the food wasn't bad but for the price not great and for the price portions were very small on most items. The drinks were great though and the beer selection was decent, not bad prices on the drinks for Philly. The bartender handling the bar before the show and during happy hour was friendly and the security and staff at the box office were very helpful and friendly.

My big recommendation to the venue would be to make sure you're keeping an eye on the patrons. I was at a show last night and my friend and I, were seated at a table next to two girls who were not only drunk but rude and loud. There are several rules at the venue which include no cell phones, no heckling, and to keep table chatting to a quite minimum. I think these are reasonable rules but if you aren't going to enforce them don't bother having them. The two women did get asked to put their cellphones away (they broke that rule immediately and both started taking pictures and filming as soon as the headliner walked out). We were sitting front and center, my friend could touch the stage but there were actually times where we had a hard time understanding the act because of them. I didn't see anyone scold them but the people they were seated with told me after that they were upset about it, I saw one person at table behind them try to say something, and the act himself actually told them to chill out (unfortunately I think they were a little to drunk to get he wasn't kidding). I didn't see security come over and say anything though which was frustrating. The one good thing is they didn't get their 4th drinks in before last call and were told no.

Like I said the venue itself is nice, good seating, nice staff overall, I would go and try it out again but if I ran into a similar incident and the staff didn't do anything to enforce the rules, I'm not sure I would try it a third time.
I have not gone out to many comedy events post covid, but my first experience to Punch Line was pleasant, albeit very strange as I've never ventured into these venues. Parking is a challenging as the paid lots are often full and transportation in and out can be a hassle. As for the venue itself, it's clean, well lit, and the service is on the ball to make sure you order your drinks as part of the show. We ended up staying a bit longer towards the end since our checks got lost in the shuffle, but at the end of the day, $3 for water x2 is a low price to pay for a date night.
I had gotten free tickets through Yelp to see Dwayne Kennedy last night and it ended up being a lot of fun. My boyfriend and I showed up super early because we were worried about traffic on 95 (who isn't?!) so to our surprise we were seated right in the front row! They make sure that all of the tables are filled, so we ended up sharing our table with another couple, which was fine. 
The show started around 7:30, and had two openers prior to the headliner, which could've either been cool or a drag, but both were pretty funny. Overall it was a nice little date night filled with some laughs.
Punch Line is a new comedy club in philly and overall it is a very nice venue and they bring in top notch acts. I am pretty impressed with the headliners they bring in and also i've found the openers to be generally pretty solid. It's also a bigger venue (or at least it feels bigger) than helium and they have table service for both drinks and food.

The table service is OK. I think they haven't totally figured out their direction in terms of food and while they tend to be able to bring the bill at the right time, it's a little chaotic during the show. 

I am sure they will work on the kinks soon, but I would definitely encourage you to check who they have coming, you will be surprised/impressed.
Came for a "single ladies" Valentine's date night... Lol. I watched the Awkward Sex & the city comedy sketch.
The show was actually pretty cool. There were 4 comedians. The first comedian was a bit slow on "funny" . He read a story about an erotic novel that he wrote when he was 14 years old. The story was cute and even partially funny but it took too long. I'm thinking if he cuts out some of the content it would be a better joke. The second person was a woman,  Afro-Latina, she was hilarious. Her set was even longer than the first person which was great because she was actually really really funny! Very quick punchlines. Third person was a hilarious white, openly gay male. I found his stories to be quite graphic which isn't a bad thing. However I can only imagine some of the people in the crowd were a bit taken by that. ‍ I absolutely enjoyed it! The fourth act, a woman, was quite funny as well.  She curated the event. Super quirky and bubbly. But I'm not sure I want to hear her talk about her poop issues all night!


I was not pleased with the food. I ordered fish tacos. Wish I had eaten dinner before I arrived. I was even more disappointed that I had a Yelp check-in offer and I was told that they are no longer honoring the offer. Why have it as an option of it is no longer being offered?!
My Fiance grabbed us a Groupon deal for this place and we really enjoyed it. We were able to see Joe Pharaoh and he was absolutely hilarious! It's a two drink minimum per person. Typically, you will be sitting with other strangers per their set up. All the food they kept bringing out looked good, we got the onion rings as an app. Service was good and the venue was clean and spacious. We'd definitely come back to see another comedy show.
So I'm giving this place a 3 based on experience. Recently went to see Dwayne Kennedy and it was my first time coming here, note, it was also my first time going to a comedy club so I don't have much to compare to. It's much bigger inside than I expected. Right when you walk in theres a bar to order drinks, but note, there is a 2 item minimum when watching a show or comedian and your drinks from the bar do not count towards you 2 item minimum. The bartender was nice enough to inform us of this, so we headed right in and sat at a table to order our drinks. At first, I was a little meh about the 2 item minimum, but I realized they had a full drink menu and food menu so it wasn't that bad at all. We got pretzels to share as an app, they only give you 2 pretzels and it was pretty pricey at $7 and change. We also ordered tacos for dinner and we were told you could mix and match tacos. We got the beef bulgogi, chicken and fish tacos. They were okay in terms of flavor, but nothing that blew my mind and again they were pretty pricey. The comedian was very funny and I like the atmosphere of the place, the tables are set up so whichever is your seat you'll be able to see the stage and it's large enough to hold a decent crowd but not too large where you lose the small crowd feel. Will likely return to see other shows after seeing their calendar but I'll likely stick to drinks for my 2 item minimum.
I actually came when i got a ticket from Yelp to see a show. I attended the 945pm Mike Vecchione show and was glad I came. 

Me and my boo were seated close to the stage and had a nice view and could hear everything so well. The staff were all friendly and the waitress we had was really quick with our drinks and food that we ordered. 

To my surprise the food was really good too! We ordered the chicken fingers and fries. I had the fried shrimp and my boo had the cheese steaks egg rolls. We also had drinks, I ended up getting the Czech beer which was a special and was around 5 bucks, which was a pretty decent price for a large can, and my date had a rum and coke. The drinks were tasty and the food was really fresh. 

When it came to the show- comedians, they were hilarious!! I never laughed so much!! Thanks to Yelp we had 2 free apps since me and my date are both Yelp Elites, and it saved us some money! 

Thank you Yelp Philly and Punch Line Philly for allowing me the chance to come see this comedy show! It was a great expereince.
Came here last night. Yelp Elite Squad provided free tickets to see Really Funny Comedians Who Happen to be Women. I will review the comedy show and the food. 

1. Comedy show 3.5 stars
The host was very funny. Out of the 5 comedians, 2 were funny and making me laugh. The headliner Erica was hilarious.... very very funny. I actually enjoyed her act a lot. I would consider coming back to other comedy shows. 

2. The food 2.5 stars 
You must buy 2 items per person (can be food or alcohol). I should have gone with the alcohol but we just came off work and instead my boyfriend and I chose to eat. We ordered the hummus plate with veggies, Cesear salad, tacos and margarita pizza. Nothing was good or even decent for that matter. If you have a mandatory purchase with attendance, then you need to step up your food game. I felt so sick after eating it was a very uncomfortable feeling. 

- Hummus with veggies $9. Very small amount of hummus but I didn't care for the flavor at all so I didn't eat it. If I loved the hummus it wouldnt have been enough. Pita was stale. Veggies: raw zucchini and small tips of celery sticks.

- cesear salad: drenched in dressing 

- margarita pizza: served cold, not great

- tacos: didn't love the fish tacos, the veggie taco was nothing special. There is a yellow paste inside the tacos, not sure what it is. 

Would definitely not return for the food. However since it's mandatory to buy food/drinks here I will need to strongly consider attending a show before making my way back.
Fishtown is bustling with breweries, bars and concept restaurants, punchline is centrally located in the very heart of it all! 
We had tickets to a stand up show, and decided to arrive early and get a few drinks at the bar. The usher was super nice and we got seated shortly, we ordered the cheesesteak eggrolls and pretzel sticks and a carafe if the Moscow mule. The appetizers were forgettable and the mule was weak. 
I decided to stick with the Cabernet for the rest of the night. 
The stand up performer was decent and there were truly no bad seats in the venue. Unfortunately the women's bathroom was a mess, 2 of them were out of order and one was blocked, leaving just one functional restroom!
No laughs here. Your free tickets mean nothing. We had registered tickets online for the 10 pm show. They didn't even start letting anyone in until 10:15 and there was a massive line of almost over 400. After waiting awhile in line with no direction we were told 320 people would get in and we were at the 300 mark and would get in. Security was painfully slow letting people in. Around 10:40 they stopped letting people in all together and said they had to count how many spots they had left... How do you not know how many people you (ever so slowly) let in and how many chairs you have in your facility?! Everyone in the line was getting super annoyed and starting leaving. After waiting five more minutes we found out only 40 more were going to be let in and we had 60 people in front of us.  They said they had added a 12 pm show but after waiting in line for an hour and half for nothing we called it a bust. Jokes on us.
First of all, I want to say that the comedians were absolutely wonderful and hysterical. They didn't disappoint!!! 

My problem was with our waitress. I checked in via Yelp to our location and I received a $5.00 off coupon of our bill. Unfortunately, Yelp doesn't tell you on the coupon that it is for food only, but no big deal. The coupon does say that your bill has to be at least $20 and ours was. We had the soft pretzels (they don't serve it with the beer cheese anymore even though it still states that it does on the menu, so a little disappointed in that) and the buffalo Stromboli. Between those two things, our bill was exactly $20, I showed the coupon to our waitress and she stated "Oh, that is only for food and I don't think your bill is $20". I told her that it was and showed her the prices of our food on the menu and she came back with a receipt that was only $18. I said, why is it only $18. She said "I don't know. That is what it came to. Maybe you got happy hour prices or something". We did not get there till after 7pm and happy hour was long over. So the coupon wasn't honored. So, I believe she changed the bill price so she didn't have to take the $5.00 off. 

I will definitely visit the Punch Line again, but I will definitely not order their food again. 
Bad business. Oh, plus they were out of several things on the menu that day. It was a Saturday night, shouldn't you guys be fully stocked?
I'm new to the comedy scene but over the past two years I've grown to really enjoy a few Philly institutions. I've personally taken improv comedy classes at Philadelphia improv theater, I volunteered to run the box office there, I've gone to open mic night at the Raven lounge, and I've been to Punch Line Philly twice. Punch Line is only 2 years old but I'm happy to see it as a part of the city.

It's in a great part of the city with close bars just a few blocks away with my personal favorites being Garage and Barcade. It's also right next to the Fillmore concert venue. When you walk in to Punch Line Philly you'll see there's an outdoor area that's open during warmer weather and on the inside is a bar. The main seating area is quite large and the two times I've been here I've had great seats on the far right of the stage (close up) and to the back left of it.

*When it comes to the food I would be wary of two items.* First is the pretzel and cheese. It's $7 and Incredibly small. Next is the 6 dollar fried falafel. It's disgusting. It could be $1 and still not be worth it. They should take it off the menu. What I would recommend is the popcorn shrimp. For $12 you get a whole basket that's enough to fill a person.

For the most part the actual comedy acts are quite good. Well enough that I will recommend this place to others and I would come back for more shows. Two things that did bother me last time I was there was that the staff messed up my order and there was ketchup on my seat which smeared all over my phone. I'll take these as freak accidents and not hold it against them.

Overall I'm looking forward to my next visit to Punch Line Philly.
After hearing about the next up and coming comedy club in Philly, (and being from out of town) I decided to give it a shot. I happened to luckily being able to score some tickets for Chappelle!! I have to say, I wasn't expecting a lot from a new comedy club, knowing that any new business has to work out the trials and tribulations, but I have never had such a great experience!! I heard that their beer selection was amazing, but being also a whiskey fan, I was absolutely amazed by their selection!!! With such a friendly, and knowledgeable staff, I felt right at home!! I travel for work in the area, and I can say I would recommend anyone here for a great experience!! Not only was the show amazing (Chappelle will always kill it!) but to have such a great drink selection and friendly atmosphere is unheard of!! Thanks punch line, Philly! I will recommend all of my friends here!
Nice addition to the neighborhood and definitely a place I'll check out more frequently.  I recently visited here on a Wednesday night for a Philly showcase show.  The cool thing about these showcase shows is that there are many different comedians, so if one isn't your style, they'll be getting off shortly and another will be on after.  I've been to a bunch of these showcase type shows, and I personally tend to like them because you get a taste from different comedians.  However, the main gripe with the showcase at Punch Line is that the comedians are not on stage long enough and there are too many.  I think each comedian had about 5min (or at least it felt that way) and that's not enough time for a comedian to thoughtfully deliver comedy.  I felt that it wasn't fair to the audience or the comedian themselves.

Granted it was a Wednesday night and nowhere near capacity, but still felt as though they could've made the show overall a bit better.  The venue itself is pretty awesome.  It's in the same little nook as the Fillmore/Foundry and the new Revolutions bowling alley / beer garden.  It's nice to see this area starting to have some more event spaces with some cool events going on consistently - hope this continues.  They have a nice outdoor patio up front, a cool bar when you enter and the actual comedy show room is huge.  There are restaurant-style tables scattered throughout with more intimate/private booths in the back.  It's good for a date, but just remember, you're at a comedy show so it's limited talking and you may be sitting with other people.

Overall, a solid place and I'll definitely check out the schedule and go to some more shows.  FYI, there is a 2-drink minimum, which is pretty standard across all the comedy shows I've been too, and it included non-alcoholic drinks.
I have been here a few times now and it is by far my favorite comedy club in Philly (or anywhere). 

I've been to 5 separate shows here and sat in a variety of locations. There isn't a bad seat in the house. The sound is good all over and the sight lines are great. They have a terrific line up of new and nationally recognized comedians and I have even enjoyed a few of the openers enough to follow them in hopes of seeing them again.

Food is pretty good as well. I do need to take a star off for the service, however, which is awkward and at times slow. I can kind of deal with slow but they bring the check 1/3 of the way through the headliner (fine - but be quiet about it... they aren't) and then come by asking for it about 1/2 way through the set - talking through the person you came to see. This has happened not 1 but 3 of the 5 times I have been here. 

Service aside, this is a quality spot to catch a laugh. A few tweaks and it's a 5-star for sure. I'll be back soon.
6/29/2018: Tom Rhodes from NYC was amazing!!! Amazing sense of humor and good show. What I like about this place is that shows begin right on time and they have good comedians. There is a 2 drink per person required however you can even order food instead. From the first time I have been here, looks like their food has gotten much better. Veggie flatbread was sooo good and also the tacos looked good. Frozen margarita was alright..too sweet and low on alcohol. The servers do a great job of not disturbing the show too much even though they are continuously moving around serving people. Overall it's a nice place!!!
The show was great. Our waitress, however, wasn't. She definitely stole 20 dollars from me (she actually tryed to take all 74). I paid 74 dollars in cash, then someone paid 70 on their card, and then the rest on another card. The waitress came back with the credit charges, with no 74 cash deducted. Said she got 74 dollars in cash and that it was a "mistake". My friend went over to make sure she did it right and then she claimed she only got 54 dollars (ah, she confirmed prior she got 74 dollars so wtf happened). Obviously pocketed my 20, I gave her another 20 to just get the hell away from us. Wanted to ask for a manager but didn't. 

Check your checks and credit cards. Idk if we'll be back, ashame that one waitress ruined it for us ( I brought a specific amount so I know she lifted (stole) the 20 from us, it was so fun otherwise.
Do yourself a favor and stick with Helium Comedy club!  This place is the most unprofessional company I have ever had to deal with.  They do not respond to emails or calls what so ever.  

They are all over Groupon because they don't have any return customers.  Yet half the people on Groupon can't use them because Groupon requires they contact the Comedy Club to set up their show...which never gets a response!!  Stay far far away!!
Braden was so responsive and quick to answer all my emails concerning a Brunch that I had.  Everything was fabulous, and we never laughed so hard.
The venue looks very nice.  Drinks and food are overpriced and served on disposable plates and in plastic cups.  Staff are inattentive after seating and failed to bring us our ordered drinks... "Don't worry, since we're so busy we're not enforcing the 2 drink minimum"... we weren't worried about the minimum we wanted drinks.  The staff's solution to a quick turnaround on an early show was to literally flip on the work lights at the moment the last act said "goodnight" before he even left the stage.  Not only is this highly unprofessional it caused the crowd to take longer to leave than had they used their very nice and dim-able house lights to slowly bring light up in the room.  Here's a hint from someone who's run venues for many years: Bring up the house lights to full on a three second fade, then if everyone isn't gone in five or ten minutes, bring up the works.
We actually came here for a Yelp Elite event and it was ok. The show was pretty good with lots humorous jokes about sex and relationships. My 3 stars come into play because the food wasn't too good for the price. The drinks, which were mandatory weren't strong enough for what they cost either. They definitely make sure that you do the 2 drink minimum thing by hovering around until you order a drink. Out waitress was pretty cool about it though. She told us that food could be counted as part of the 2 drink minimum. Overall I just wasn't satisfied with what $65 got us. I didn't care too much for the seating arrangements either. It's was really tight and cramped with 4 of us at a tiny round table. It was barely enough room for all of our little plates and glasses. Maybe next time will be different. Next time? Yup, a second chance will come!
We chose to go to Punch line Philly because it was right next to the Fillmore which is a really great live music venue. After we purchased tickets for Fillmore and received several solicitations from Punch line Philly to have drinks and dinner at Punch line and skip the lines at the Fillmore. Most unfortunately I was incredibly underwhelmed. The food was subpar at best.  Once the server realize we wanted to be served food and drinks she snapped into shape and was great but the service was not enough  to make us want to give this establishment a second chance for a pre-game bar.  We all left wishing we had chosen another place. 
  Please note that I did not go to punch line philly for comedy so this review is not based on any comedy what so ever, I did not even see the comedy room which I have heard is fun experience.
No entertainment do to COVID. I needed a night out. Took in a show at punchline where they had social distal and took health precautions. The stage was outside. The seating was comfortable and better than the indoor seating. The ticket came with food selections for each ticket holder. The food menu is very limited. There was still a 2 drink minimum. It was a chilly night. The set up was really nice. The comedians were excellent. Enjoyable show and I will make sure to catch another outdoor venue show. They have 2 shows running at the same time across the street from each other.
Great, clean and friendly venue with excellent service. 

Parking is about $20, by an independent company.
This is an excellent venue for a comedy show. It's intimate, and wherever you sit is a good seat as you can easily see the stage. I've seen a number of comedy shows here and have but. Even disappointed yet. The food is also surprisingly good. This time we each had a Beyond Burger, and it was tasty!

I love the stage. There's a neon sculpture of the Philly skyline on the wall behind the stage. I'd love to have that in my living room! Service by the wait staff was also very good, with no need to wait too long for food or drinks. The only negative, is our server left a credit card back on the counter, and delivered the paid check without the card. We had to flag down another server to get it back, and he mentioned he'd seen the card sitting on the counter. Now that's not cool.

We were there for the Mike Vecchione show. As usual, the first comic wasn't very good. But they got better as the show wore on. David James was pretty good and Vecchione delivered!

I purchased reserved parking before the show, and I wouldn't do that again without calling the venue to ask where the lot is. The receipt that came from Live Nation did not include the address of the  parking lot! We drove around for 25 minutes looking for it and never found it, so I ended up parking somewhere else. I would make sure to call in advance to get the address. We called there to ask while looking, and I was put on hold a long time while I was driving around. After driving around for about 25 minutes looking for parking, I was pretty pissed. And I didn't get the address of the parking lot until we were inside at the ticket window.
Such a shame.

Bartender was not attentive. Before the show he gave me a drink I didn't order then we couldn't get him to take our cash.  Lines were confusing to get into the show.

The margherita pizza was an uncooked tortilla with Ragu on it.  When we asked for cheese we got a side cup of cheese wiz!  Maybe it was a joke to get us laughing before the show?!

The show and venue were good.
Been here a few times to watch some shows and each experience has been entertaining to say the least. The space is fairly large (can be expanded or made smaller depending on the crowd size) and the tables are spaced out nicely unlike some other comedy clubs in the city. The service is hit or miss depending on how busy the night is. There is a two drink minimum which used to be a two item minimum so keep that in mind when ordering. Food is pretty decent and they have a good selection of beer/wine. Definitely a fun night out!
We came back here to try the place again. My wife son free tix at South street festival. Main highlight was Ricky Velez. The host for the night was a Indian guy and had some interesting punch lines. The line up was great and we really laughed our hearts out.
We ordered the beer basket. There is Yelp discount. Food was fine. 
The bar outside had some interesting cocktails. The place gets completely empty when the show is over.
Nice experience. Will come back here again.
Went to Punchline to see Jay Pharoah and I was pleasantly surprised to learn that a 3rd show was added to Saturday night because all other shows were sold out - thank you all who made this possible because I thoroughly enjoyed myself!!! The staff was professional, the seating was good, the food and drinks were delectable and prices were we reasonable, also, the act was excellent! I will definitely return... FYI - regarding parking, there are a few other venues nearby so be sure to give yourself time to find parking... Last, I gave 4 stars out of 5 because I had to ask to be moved because someone's head obstructed my view however, I was quickly accommodated once I made my request. Based on this experience, if you don't want to deal with an obstructed view, I recommend that you arrive early to get good seating OR purchase VIP which is towards the back of the venue and is a level up from the general seating but know that ALL seats in the room have a good view of the stage (initially, I  just was behind a couple who sat across from each other and wanted to lean across the table).
Great show!! The Divas did an awesome job. Very funny, very fun. The food & drinks here are unfortunately not that Great. It's pretty average. The 4-star rating is for the entertainment. The drinks are watered down, the food needs more seasoning. The Chicken & Waffles was the best thing that we had.
What a good night with good friends. The venue is intimate. however the room can be expanded and also has VIP tables in the back. Our waiter was present all evening going table to table. All tabs were closed out prior to the end of the show so we were all able to exit when the lights came up. We saw Dulce Sloan. Her opening act was funny as she was too. The tables sit either 2, 4 or 6-8 from what I could see. General Admission is sat based on your party. I liked that they sit your party so people aren't just roaming around. I only had a water ($5), but my girls said the French fries and egg rolls were good. That pretzel roll, while I didn't get any feedback smelled amazing! 

There is a two drink minimum for alcoholic beverages. It seems they are currently transitioning from two item to two drink minimum so just check with your waiter if necessary.
My feelings towards comedy clubs are similar to bowling; I generally try to avoid and dread going, but end up having a damn good time.  Punch Line Philly puts on a genuinely good show, has interesting drinks and snacks on the menu, and is reasonably priced. Hate to admit it, but I look forward to coming back!
Celebrated my friend's birthday at the Drag Diva Brunch last weekend and it was so great! We had three of the best drag queens in the city performing and my favorite comedy drag queen, Bev, as the host. They kept the entire audience engaged, which is tough because it is a bigger space. The numbers were on theme for the holidays and the show flowed effortlessly. Will definitely recommend this to anyone celebrating birthdays!!
Punchline is a welcome addition to Philly's comedy club scene. I've been there twice and seen a few very funny comedians. The place is intimate, with good sight lines from anywhere.

The problem is that there is a ridiculous 2 drink minimum and the service is extremely slow. If you order food you may end up not getting it until the show is almost over. They don't allow people inside early enough to get food at your seat before the show starts, although there is a separate bar you can order drinks from before the show. Last time I didn't even get to order my 2nd drink until the show was almost over, but I had to order it. Definitely eat before you go. The drinks are reasonably priced but not well made. Go to Punchline for the comedy, not for the food.
Punchline is a really nice venue with surprisingly decent food and reasonably priced drinks. The place has an extremely modern look, the room was laid out nicely, the lighting is great and the staff was all very nice. My only issue was the semi slow service, it took some time for the food and drinks to come out. I still had a great experience though, and I'll definitely be back.
Do Not Go To Drag Diva Brunch. I never got served and this is certainly not worth the $35 ticket. The performances are great but I'm starving while everyone around me is eating and drinking merrily but no server will help me. Eventually Was able to go to the bar to get the mimosa included in the package. 

I repeat: Do Not Go To Drag Diva Brunch

Update: staff will look at you when you need help, and turn the other way. Service is horrendous for those who did get to order food. I can't even get water.
My favorite comedy club in philly and probably the 2nd favorite I've ever been to. They have a drink minimum but aren't sticklers about it, and the purchase of soda or water is acceptable. The food isn't amazing but is pretty good and above average for this type of venue. Local talent always impresses me and the national acts can't be beat.
While the performance and comedian is pretty perfect, I'm disappointed at the service...did not come back with my friend's drink for the past 25 minutes and didn't even come by to apologize or tell us what's up when we told another server to ask her where our drink is. They might want to improve on trying to keep up with the pace or at least check on the customers once in a while. Maybe this place is still particularly new? Sometimes I just give the benefit of the doubt; maybe it's just that day, and maybe most days it's not like this at all.
The venue looks very nice.  Drinks and food are overpriced and served on disposable plates and in plastic cups.  Staff are inattentive after seating and failed to bring us our ordered drinks... "Don't worry, since we're so busy we're not enforcing the 2 drink minimum"... we weren't worried about the minimum we wanted drinks.  The staff's solution to a quick turnaround on an early show was to literally flip on the work lights at the moment the last act said "goodnight" before he even left the stage.  Not only is this highly unprofessional it caused the crowd to take longer to leave than had they used their very nice and dim-able house lights to slowly bring light up in the room.  Here's a hint from someone who's run venues for many years: Bring up the house lights to full on a three second fade, then if everyone isn't gone in five or ten minutes, bring up the works.
Came to see Bill Bellamy this weekend! Very good place! The opening acts were hilarious! Had me laughing more than Bill Bellamy himself (who was also funny). Location is good.. quick uber ride!
I went to Punch Line for the first time for the Jim Breuer special recently - drinks were awesome, service was friendly, very cool atmosphere and the stand up was hilarious. I sat in one of the back booths which were comfortable. We ordered two pizzas during the show which took a long time to get but understandably, their kitchen was backed up. Parking was super easy also, the lot is right behind the building and it's huge - $10 for parking which isn't bad for the whole night. The only annoyance is that a massive body guard had to tell me to put my phone down during the show when I was texting my friend but I understand why - it's super irritating for everyone else. I just wish the way he told me was nicer. Overall I enjoyed it and I hope there's an opportunity to come back here again.
I have attended two shows so far. Each time my experience was different and now when I think about it really depends on where you sit and who is performing. In the waiting area they have outside seating as well as bar. Auditorium where performance happens is nice and big. Only bad seats are on the sides so I would say 90% of seating is good. They serve food and drinks during the show. You do have to purchase a minimum of two items.
Enjoyed the show! Wish there was some more music though. Food and drinks mediocre but overall a good time.
This is a great spot.  It was my first time here.  The space is large and modern. Nice set up with a very large bar area that has happy hour during he week. Lots of seating options and the service was terrific.  Our food selection was not something I would order again ( hummus and spring rolls) but the margarita pizza next to us looked and smelled delicious.
I literally sat at the bar for 25 minutes before a concert at the Fillmore and the bartender didn't even look at my friends and me. Went over to the concert without one drink. Was here another time before for a concert and only received 2 drinks in an hour and a half span, even though that time I had signed up for some apparently bogus "VIP experience". Drink literally anywhere else before a show. I'd give 0 stars if I could and will never be back.
I was super excited to visit a new comedy club. Invited another couple with my Husband and I.....huge mistake. The show was great but the service was the worst we have ever had anywhere we have gone. We do a lot of travel and find different places to visit. PHILLY was our plan. We came in hungry ready to order food and drinks. Show was scheduled to start at 10:15 pm. Never opened the doors for us to be seated until 10:40pm. We get seated. 25 mins later asked what we would like to drink....20 mins go by no drinks 30 mins 2 drinks are brought out of 5. I get mine it's wrong and watered down. I ask to order food. We place order wait and wait 3 acts have finished I ask someone passing could they check on our food. Guess what our server comes to tell us he's sorry on behalf of the club. Really? Where is the manager? Servers says everything is on us. Ok well can we get our food? It's on its way. No food show is over no second drinks ...of course no check and clearly no one cared about our business or our tip. I myself am a general manager of a restaurant brand. I tip well and I'm understanding. They are in big trouble. Don't go for food or drinks
I've been here twice for comedy shows and had a great time each time. Both times I didn't have an issue getting into the venue-there was no line to get in or pick up our tickets and security quickly wanded us. Maybe it depends on the show you're seeing but we were in in just a few minutes. 

Punchline has a 2 item minimum which food and non-alcoholic drinks count towards. We ended up ordering just 3 items and they didn't give us a hard time which was very nice. The pricing for drinks and food is normal. We split a margherita flatbread which was good for bar food. I would stick to drinks here though. 

Before buying tickets, I suggest checking goldstar or Groupon first. There's usually heavily discounted tickets.
We came here on a Wednesday night for a women only comedian lineup and really had pretty good time!  This is the third or fourth comedy bar that we've been to around the country and I feel like they all have a similar vibe.  Generally packed, generally decorated with pipe and drape and generally pretty overpriced for food and drink so it was OK!  The outside walking up to it looks pretty legit as opposed to other establishments that were down an alley or in a basement - it's definitely a very welcoming front facade.  All around... A-OK!
Full disclaimer I went here during a pre-opening show so it wasn't packed. Our waiter was super attentive and really nice, the atmosphere was great and we generally had a nice night. The drinks were reasonably priced for a comedy club. Some of the greeters were a little cold/"too cool," they seemed super young. We didn't try the food.I'm glad to have a comedy place in the neighborhood though and I'm excited to go back now that it's fully open!
We came here on a Friday night as we had won free tickets to a comedy show. It is two drinks per person mandatory. We ordered a piture that was around $22 . There were other stand-up comedy hands before the main show be found that couple of standard comedians were better than the main show. The quality of the comedy increased as the evening progressed. It does two drink minimum per person so people can also order two bottles of water which is around $3 each. There is a Yelp discount of $5 / $20 bill but that is only if you order food. We found that the hard way. Although the Yelp discount doesn't say so but our Hostess mention that the discount is only offered if you order food. But since we ordered only drinks we had to pay the full amount.
Overall a decent place to spend the evening.
My wife and I saw Roy Wood Jr. at the Punch Line last night. Overall, it was a pretty enjoyable time. We arrived at the venue pretty close to showtime, and were seated at a table with 4 other people pretty far away from the stage. This actually wasn't bad for us, as we don't like to be a "target" for the comedian by being too close to the stage anyway. The Punch Line has great sight lines too, so even being further back, we had a great view of the action. What made things a bit uncomfortable, however, was that since we got there right as the show was starting, it was awkward ordering as it was dark and feeling really rushed. Knowing there was a two drink minimum, my wife ordered a cocktail, the Sucker Punch, and me, a Walt Whit beer. Being hard to communicate with each other about food, my wife ordered the margarita pizza as well. 

The food and drinks came out pretty quickly, and the pizza was pretty fresh. The margarita has too many chunks of tomato on it for my liking, but my wife enjoyed it. My Walt Whit draft was decent, and my wife said her cocktail was strong, I got another beer, and my wife a water to get her two drink minimum. 

Roy Wood Jr was great, and so were the opening acts. All in all it was a great outing, and I would go back again. It was. A bit pricy in my opinion for what we got (40 including tip... plus ticket prices and parking) so I give it four stars. 

TIP: It seems they give out a decent amount of comp tickets to shows on Goldstar so utilize that. You just pay fees of 8.50 a person. We only spent 17 on tickets between my wife and I.
I have been to the Punch Line a few times now (Annie Lederman, Sommore, Ms Pat) and every time has been a good time. The venue is very intimate, nice, and there is not a bad seat in the house. However every time I've been I've had a problem with the drinks. Way over priced, weak, and overall not good. I understand it's the normal city price, but these are just not worth the price. 

Another thing I have an issue with is the seating. Sometimes there are high top tables for 2, but generally a group of 2 will share a table with another group of 2. Not only is this awkward but the tables are very small and packed together. The service has always been good, and if you arrive early you always get the best seat. The 2 drink minimum is normal for comedy clubs, but I'd recommend sticking to a beer, soda, or water. Don't waste your money on the cocktails. I will continue to come to the Philly Punch Line.
This is an excellent venue for a comedy show. It's intimate, and wherever you sit is a good seat as you can easily see the stage. I've seen a number of comedy shows here and have not been disappointed yet. The food is also surprisingly good. This time we each had a Beyond Burger, and it was tasty!

I love the stage. There's a neon sculpture of the Philly skyline on the wall behind the stage. I'd love to have that in my living room! Service by the wait staff was also very good, with no need to wait too long for food or drinks. The only negative, is our server left a credit card back on the counter, and delivered the paid check without the card. We had to flag down another server to get it back, and he mentioned he'd seen the card sitting on the counter. Now that's not cool.

We were there for the Mike Vecchione show. As usual, the first comic wasn't very good. But they got better as the show wore on. David James was pretty good and Vecchione delivered!

I purchased reserved parking before the show, and I wouldn't do that again without calling the venue to ask where the lot is. The receipt that came from Live Nation did not include the address of the  parking lot! We drove around for 2 minutes looking for it and never found it, so I ended up parking somewhere else. I would make sure to call in advance to get the address. We called there to ask while looking, and I was put on hold a long time while I was driving around. After driving around for about 25 minutes looking for parking, I was pretty pissed. And didn't get the address of the parking lot until we were inside at the ticket window.
This is my second visit to Punch Line Philly, as I was very pleased with my first experience.  I saw Annie Lederman back in November and really enjoyed the show, so I got my boyfriend tickets for Christmas.  We went last night to see Chris Porter.

The venue radiates warm vibes, from the dim lighting to the close set up of tables to encourage conversation.  There was colorful stage lighting illuminating the pipes on the wall in the shape of the Philly skyline.  We were seated at the end of a table next to two couples who did not seem to know each other.  This set up can be awkward for some, but with this welcoming environment it was very casual.  

The openers were funny, specifically enjoyed Chip Chantry.  The main act (Chris Porter) is hilarious!  I had not previously heard of him but I thought to give it a go.  He had an awkward sense of humor and played on his quirks perfectly.  

The wait staff was great and very attentive, refilling drinks and placing orders for several tables in a timely fashion.  We went with the Yards IPAs and a margarita pizza, which was delicious.  It had a garlicky crust and a pesto sauce with cheese and tomatoes.  Very good, would recommend as a snack for two.  I previously had the fries and soft pretzels on my last visit and those were also yummy snacks to share with one or a few others.  

 Very reasonable prices and the perfect place for a good laugh.  Will most definitely be back for some drinks, snacks, and fun with friends!
Punchline is a nice addition to the Philly comedy scene. We got 2 tickets for $15 on Groupon. The headliner was Brendan Walsh. There is a nice main bar right when you walk in. All the staff were very nice, food was decent as well. They also had a check in offer on Yelp for $5 off your bill. I would definitely come back if there was an act I was really interested in. Hopefully they can attract some big names.
Nice bar, good drink/draft selection. Love the patio. Nice and cozy. Service was great but food was lackluster. Had a chicken flat bread and chicken tenders. Chicken was chewy. Would have sent it back but we needed to get to our show. It's a comedy club so I know the focus isnt on food but for $16 bucks for a flat bread, cmon.
Cool place with at least 2 bars, That's what I saw.  I was here with some friends for a Game of Thrones quizzo night.  We all had fun.  Food prices were reasonable but beer prices were sky high.  Cheapest beer on special was 6 bucks, most others were 9+ dollars for a bottle of beer.  Most of us at the table were ordering the 7 dollar hop knife by troges however we were served an 11 dollar sunshine pils.  So be sure to clarify and check your bill!  The server was nice enough to fix it for us no questions asked but it was still annoying.  I will be back for sure, but I'm going to make sure the event isn't a 2 drink minimum.
Let me start off by saying that these are crazy times and I truly appreciate what Punch Line is doing to try and keep comedians employed and give the public a safe way to enjoy them. This is the reason that this review is getting 3 stars instead of 1. Our show, part of the patio series, wasnt on a patio it was in a parking lot underneath the I-95 interstate. The chairs are hard, the table is a cement block barely large enough for two drinks. The ticket price was $36/pp or 27.50/pp on Groupon and included a food item, which was basically store bought hummus or guac with fried pita, making it not gluten free and tasting like plastic. Two drinks/pp required and is a makeshift bar with low grade alcohol and mass produced/straight up sugar mixers. But all of this might have been less noticeable if the comedy was good. Instead it was literally a bunch of highly intoxicated folks with actual notebooks they were reading off and constantly checking their phone for the time. The last comic of the Mary Radzinski and friends show was literally too drunk to remember any of his set and went "oh man I can't finish like that" took  a 10min pause and then went "ohh uhhh man looks like I am going to have to finish like that" and by that he means with only half a set, with all but 2 jokes in the beginning that didn't bomb. Just like that, the show ended, before anyone could finish their required 2nd drink. Most chugged or trashed it and left since your options were to continue listening to the trucks pass on 95 or go to the bathroom in one of the 3 port-o-potties. I almost would have been okay with everything but the crappy comedy if Punch Line had put this information anywhere on their website. Just give people a heads up that "being safe" also means attending a Philly style bonfire on pavement without the fire and paying full price for it. Even at the groupon price this was legit, Highway Robbery.
Amazing!!! Drag diva brunch was so so much fun!! The Queens were everything and more!!! What an awesome experience!!
Nice venue that has outdoor seating. You can buy drinks & food at both the bar outside and at the tables inside. Great place for groups or for a date.
This review is only for the food/bar area; we did not see a show.

So, why the heck were we there? Punch Line has a deal with the Fillmore to essentially get you a fast pass ahead of the general admission line. I couldn't find great information online ahead of the show, but figured I'd try my luck anyway. 

The bar was very busy, loud, and pretty much a hot mess. Our server was trying hard, but seemed to have way too many people to take care of. We ordered dinner, which was grossly overpriced. I literally spent a week at Disney the week before going to Punch Line and this was still horridly overpriced. The partner had fish and chips, which was a basket of fries with two very small pieces of fish ($16; he said he would have wanted/needed two more). I got a cobb salad, which was served to me the first time without any meat (sorry, for $14, I'm going to complain when you don't include the meat). It was incredibly small and, like the fish, priced at least double what would have been just generally overpriced. It was also served with a vinaigrette, which was pretty weird and gross for a cobb salad.

So, I doubt anyone cares too much about my complaints about the food; does anyone actually go here expecting something that isn't overpriced and not great? Let me tell you how the Fillmore passes worked. At the end of the meal, they stamp your receipt and indicate the number of people in your party. Then, you go across the street and the Fillmore staff will direct you to a "Contenders" line for Punch Line customers, which is separate from the fast pass line (and also separate from the general admission line). For our show, they started the Contender line and the Fast Pass lines at the same time once they opened the doors, which was a great surprise (I had been assuming we'd be like Southwest B group). 

So, the stars on this review are for getting into the venue early.
It's nice having a comedy club in the neighborhood so I don't have to do the long haul to Center City. I have been here three times and have had a good time. The opening acts tend to be cringeworthy, but the headliners have been worth the wait. Like other comedy clubs, there is a two drink minimum - but you can get bottled water and soft drinks to meet the quota. A variety of snacks and a selection of decent beers to choose from. Check Groupon and Yelp for deals.
Need to laugh your ass off? Head to Punchline! The venue is new, spacious yet intimate and the ticket prices are reasonable. Plus there's so much to do nearby. The drinks could've been wayyyy better, and there is a 2 drink minimum which is normal at comedy clubs. We went to see Affion Crockett and had the chance to meet him after the show, no red tape and no extra VIP charge, after we got roasted in the front row all night.
This place was hella fun. I learned about a comedy event through the Yelp event section. I went with my sister. There's a bar inside and couple in the parade outside so pre-gaming was easy. It was ladies of comedy. The were four main acts an they all rocked. Each performance was longer and funnier than the other. The tickets are nicely priced but you required to order 2 items during the show. The cheapest option is 2 water bottles for 7$.
Here's my opener but it's no joke- skip the cocktails. I bought a carafe of the vodka version of a tequila sunrise. I wound up with what tasted like sunny d juice, $24 poorer and heartburn all night.

There is a two drink min but you can just sub with food. My suggestion on the food is the cheeseburger because the apps all looked like a 2 star at best. My cheeseburger was like something you'd have at a BBQ. Not bad. French fries weren't bad either. Nothing fancy, just something to eat and since you pretty much have to order something, it's worth the $. If you get a drink I'd stick with shots, beer, wine but def not the watered down mixed drinks. 

The inside is one of the better spots in Philly's comedy clubs. It was spacious with tables, some booths. The stage was in clear view and no problems hearing the acts. I thought the dj did a good job getting the place ready to enjoy the show. The venue itself was nice and a fun place with other food/drink nearby. I would def come back again since I had a great time. 

The staff seemed really cool about getting food and taking orders. Another thing I'd suggest is to arrive half hour before your show starts. There is a check in deal for $5 off $25.
We came here for a drag show last night and were impressed!  The drinks were good and it was a very well organized event.  I wish the seating was a little more spread out and the traffic of servers during the show can be bothersome.
First time at punch line.   I know for someone who was born and raised in philly I have never been here.   Shame on me.   Went for comedy night which ended up being a good night out overall but I felt the comedians had some funny bits or parts but were lacking.  I also found the drinks to be water downed, and my first drink was taken away before I even finished it and at those prices I wasn't too happy.
I came for a Yelp Elite event with Mike Vecchione. This was my first time here and as such I was very excited to get the invitation for this event. The venue is right next to the patio area for Goose Island. Upon entering your ID is checked and you are given a stamp on your hand. There is a 2 drink minimum per person. But that can be fulfilled with soda not just alcohol. A hostess will walk you to your table. Most tables seat 4-8 people, so you will be sitting with other parties. The venue is small so there is no such thing as a bad seat. A waitress comes around to take everyone's order before and during the show. There were 2 opening acts and then Mike came out. All three comedians were very good and I was really entertained. The churros were delicious. All in all I had a lot of fun. And will definitely be returning here.
I really like the Punch Line venue. It's a great space with plenty of tables and not a bad seat in the house. The tables are a bit small so it's tough to have a party of 4 that all want to eat dinner. (Even more awkward if you're a two-some and seated with another two-some)

The food is just okay (I had a very doughy pizza and onion rings that were more like donuts than breaded onions but the drinks are good and reasonably priced for a venue like this. (we got a bucket of beers for $20)

Make sure you arrive early enough to get a drink before the show starts because the bar slows down.
We really enjoyed our time at Punch Line Philly. The comedy was great and the atmosphere was so enjoyable. We really only had two complaints, that the wait staff was not very attentive before the show began and that the cocktails were just simply not good. Otherwise, we had a great time and will definitely be back!
I believe I rated this location as 4 stars. Unfortunately, I am changing it to 1 star. Punch Line is still selling tickets for shows, instead of giving the option to receive a refund for a ticket, they are postponing shows for months in advanced. Considering the current worldwide pandemic I feel it would be equatable to allow patrons to receive a refund versus having them sit around hoping the show will not be canceled again. 

Right now nobody knows what will happen tomorrow let alone  4+ months from now. I purchased tickets at other venues and I've been given the option for refund and first choice if the event is rescheduled. I'm unable to comprehend why a venue would be so difficult in an unprecedented world crisis as we are experiencing right now to offer a refund. Money is tight. Most people are living in the here and now. Please reconsider.
Fun trivia game, but the venue/waiters were kind of unfriendly, unforgiving and slow. Although this is a comedy club, the speakers weren't working for the first 30 minutes. The cheesesteak egg rolls weren't filled with cheese, just dried meat and it came with a weird semi-jalapeno dipping sauce for 8 dollars, not a great deal. Buy tickets at the door if you can, you'll save a bunch on fees!
Not sure if marking up prices is a scam of the bartenders but I noticed a discrepancy between what I was charged and the price listed on the menu. I was charged $9 for a beer that was listed as $8. When I asked about it I was told that the menu was out of date. If that's the case, the proper protocol would be to charge what's listed and update the menu. My sister who is a bartender told me that bartenders will include their tip in the markup which usually results in double tipping. I hope that's not the case at Punchline.
I've been here a few times now and I've loved all of my experiences...it is my preferred comedy spot in the Philly area. The price is right, the cocktails are strong (and interesting) and the food is surprisingly good (I have to be honest, I wasn't expecting much in the culinary department).  I saw a review saying the service is slow and I have to say they've stepped their game up because I've not had this issue. I can also tell the staff tries to be discreet when moving around during the show. It's appreciated...they can be a tad bit rude or short with you at times though (but not the box office guys, theyre always lovely) 

I love the layout of the space. Ive had issues in other venues where your experience of the show is really sullied if you don't have great seats but I think at punch line, you're bound to have a good time wherever you are...and your not bumping elbows with your neighbour too much. 

I hate the parking situation in this area though. Ah well
