My hubby ate here for the first time a few weeks ago and couldn't stop talking about it, so naturally he forced me to eat there. We ordered a feast like, 30 minutes before closing time, but the service was still top-notch and the food came out fast. 

The food was affordable, and came with a lot!! The average price of a meal is around $8 or $9, with affordable priced sides and desserts.  For the value, the food was fantastic and I recommend that if you are in the area you try this place out!
Great new addition to the Queen Village area! The arepas are delicious and very flavorful. The side of plantains were my favorite. Perfectly cooked. Puyero is a great casual restaurant to eat in when you want something quick or takeout. Colorful decor and it is a BYOB which is a plus!
Arepas from Venezuela are becoming increasingly popular in the USA and Philadelphia is also warming up to this food trend.  One of the most authentic local arepa spots is the new Venezuelan eatery off of South Street in Philadelphia - Puyero.  To me 'puyero' in Spanish kinda means 'having a good time' and though I'm not quite sure the meaning in Venezuelan Spanish - a good time and meal can def be experienced here.  The corn meal arepas can be stuffed with a variety of ingredients and I chose the Catira - chicken, white cheese, spinach, and sorrel.  Add in the complimentary sauces of Papaya or Chipotle Ketchup and you have a tasty sandwich.  A side of Yuca (fried casavas) served with green mayo (called salsa verde in Venezuela) nicely accompanied the meal.  It's written on the wall - 'Barriga Llena, Corazón Contentu'. That means 'Full Belly, Happy Heart.'  Stop in at the new Puyero and discover the truth in these words!
We stopped in to Puyero almost by accident, as we were cold walking to another restaurant and were willing to experiment with Venezuelan food (which we never had before).  The food and service were great.  The selection is purposefully limited to a few items.  I had the Reina Peplada Arepa- shredded chicken with avocado and gouda cheese, in a corn tortilla-like wrap.  Very tasty!  I'll add it to my list of South Street faves.
Meant to take a picture to go with the review, but when the food came out, I couldn't help but just eat. We got the pabellón and the patacón pisao, along with some cheesy bread-mozzarella stick type things. All of it was fantastic. It took longer than I would have expected for a quick-service format place like this, but it was totally clear that this was because they were making so many components fresh to order (like the plantain "bread"). Will definitely be back, and will plan ahead so I'm not too full to order churros.
Hi, Venezuelan born and raised here. My friend Vanessa and I were touring Venezuelan restaurants on Valentine's day because, what else would you do with your best friend on the day of friendship and love in the city of brotherly love? This was our second and last stop, having started at TartAreperia and then lost some $20 bills at SugarHouse Casino (damn you, Game of Thrones slot machine). We each had a different dish because we wanted to try it all and share, we are honestly a couple without the benefits, pretty much. 

Vanessa had the Patacón Pisao and I had the fried arepa (De Calle) with a side of tequeños (Ah, finally) and I also had the sugar cane juice. The cashier was from Maracaibo and the kitchen staff was from Caracas. The warmth and kindness and that Venezuelan sazón to make friends anywhere and anyhow was present. We felt right at home, like we were eating at Calle El Hambre after a rumba with our panas, thumbs up.

The food was amazing, tequeños on point, thanks baby Jesus. The fillings were flavorful and plentiful. The only reason why i gave this place a 4 star restaurants is because the need to remember their roots and offer sauces that are going to hit your Venezuelan friends tastebuds instead of only American. Sriracha mayo in a Venezuelan hot dog cart? Nah, give me my garlic mayo, my corn salsa, my bacon dressing and my tartar sauce, thank you very much.

Decoration was pretty and in line with the restaurant's theme. I very much approve this place. 

Why are you still reading and aren't on your way to Puyero!?
Delicious meal! Authentic flavors that take me back home. We had the pan con queso, tequeños and mandocas to start and were incredible. For my main dish I had the patacon pisao and I am still dreaming of it. The cheese and shredded beef overflowed. Sloppy and delicious; just how I love it. For the grand finale we had the churros and marquesa. What a meal! I had to take a marquesa home because I really couldn't get enough.
Loved it! Atmosphere, owners, and the food are buenisimo. Solid Venezuelan street food done authentic as possible this far from the equator. Patacon Pisao, Reina Arepa, and daily juice were on our first order. When went through it quickly and doubled down for another arepa. We will be back. Two Venezuelan restaurants in Philly makes me smile
Philly is a melting pot of cultures. A foodie city just waiting for you to eat your way through. But with the mass opening of new restaurants taking over Philly, and finding genuine and ethnic   food that we, the local, would be excited to eat, is becoming mission impossible!
But never fear, Yelp is always here to solve all foodies' cravings.

It was my first time trying Venezuelan food.
My first bite of Venezuelan Arepas ever. 
What do i think? Freaking Delicious!!! 

I got the Ganadora Arepas (i.e: braised beef, fried sweet plantains, and white cheese). Very delicious and huge. Service was fast and friendly too. 

Four and Half Yelps
The menu is still somewhat limited, but what's available is delicious. This location was previously occupied by an offshoot from a Venezuelan food truck, and that restaurant didn't last long. This place seems to have come up with a much better formula for success (even though I'm not aware of any associated food truck, this time).

I've been here 3 times, and had either the Pabellon arepa or the one with brisket each time. Other family members have tried other arepas and liked them as well. There is a decent selection of sides and drinks. Lately, there often seem to be some that aren't on the menu, and are good, so hopefully they'll either make in onto the menu, or a specials board will pop up soon. If neither of these things happen, maybe ask about off-menu specials. Definitely stop by and check this place out.
The place smelled a little bit strongly of some sort of cleaning product. But after a couple of minutes I was used to it and it wasn't an issue

You order at the counter and then seat yourself

We got a Mexican sprite, yuca fries, fried plantain sandwich (patacon pinton), and an arepa. The portions looked small but I was surprisingly full from the meal

Sandwiches can be a bit sloppy to eat but whatever. They taste good
We had a really great meal here! Food is made to order and they bring it to your table. It was my first time eating Venezuelan food and it was so fresh and DELICIOUS!! Very cute place, affordable, BYO. We will definately go back!! Try it!
Venezuelan cuisine is hard to come by in Philadelphia and it's surrounding areas, so when I heard of Puyero I knew it was for sure going be put on my list or must try restaurants. I was finally able to make it over to Society Hull and Puyero did not disappoint!

I started off with two arepas, the Reina Pepiada Especial and the Pabellón. The nice guy at the register made me aware of a great lunch special they had which allowed me to add on an order of Tajadas (plaintain with melted cheese) and a drink of my choice for just $3 more. Of course I took him up on the offer and ordered papelón con limon, which was make with panela. The arepas were fresh and flavorful and the sauces served on the side added even more deliciousness to the already delicious meal. The actual restaurant is small, but with plenty of seating and a very casual, eclectic, and colorful atmosphere. 

Why, do you ask, do I give this place 4 stars instead of 5? Only because of the pricing of the arepas. They are small-medium sized yet you pay around $9 for one. While the prices wouldn't deter me from returning, it would definitely be more reasonable to pay $5-$6 for an arepa. Other than that though, this place rocks and you should definitely try it!
Delicious, bright, and casual food right off of South Street!

My partner and I were looking for something easy to eat before heading to a birthday gathering and saw Puyero pop up when I was searching the Yelp App. I had heard great things and was excited to be in the neighborhood and finally get to try my first taste of Venezulan food!

I ordered the De Calle arepa, and my partner ordered the Snoozy arepa. Both were incredibly flavorful. Mine was especially messy (in a tasty way) and I loved all of the meaty/cheesy/ketchupy/mayo-y flavors.

We also shared a side of Tajadas de Plátano, which was a great addition to our arepas.

The staff was super helpful and extremely friendly. They offered suggestions about portion size & hunger level, and were all around delightful.

The space is brightly painted with a lot of great & dynamic art/graphic text on the walls. A fun spot to post up and devour some arepas!
Reviewing for takeout--

I've never had an arepa or cachapa before, but now I am 100% a fan of these handhelds.

Cachapas - Clasica ("Corn fritter pancake filled with white cheese topped with nata.") The pancake is sweet, and the cheese is thick. That's all and everything you need to know about this one. 

Arepa - Reina Pepiada Especial
If you don't know what to get, this is for you. It has creamy avocado and savory chicken-- I could eat this for every meal of the day. 

By the slightly charred appearance, you might assume the arepa or cachapa are crispy, but it's a dense doughy shell. 

Puyero is going in my all-time favorites.
I recently had a pickup order from Puyero and everything from the service to food was outstanding. 

I ordered online and chose my pickup time. I walked over to the window and was helped. My food was ready and definitely still warm. 

I chose an arepa with shredded beef, cheese, and sweet plantains. The combination of sweet and savory flavors was great! I also added on the green sauce which added more flavor. 

The portion size was great, especially for the price (I think around $10). I was full for A WHILE! 

I'd definitely recommend this to anyone (they are also doing delivery) and look forward to dining in when the quarantine is over!
Puyero is perfect if you want to try alternatives to tacos and enjoy flavorful shredded chicken, braided beef, sweet and green plantains, and great Latin drinks.
So glad to have a new Venezuelan restaurant in Philly! Ordered an Arepa and it was perfectly crispy (freshly prepared), beef was seasoned beautifully and plantains were cooked perfectly. Can't wait to eat here again!
Great place and delicious!! Excellent food con buen sabor! Little piece of Venezuela in Philly - def recommended!
Friendly service and bright, causal atmospheres. It's byo.
I had high hopes, but it was just okay.
Patacon pinton was just okay. The shredded beef was tender. Overall it tasted good. But the plantain that was used as the "bread" was really greasy. I couldn't really pick it up even.
The shredded pork arepa, but there was just a small clump of pork the top of it. Once you were done with the good pork bite, the rest of the sandwich was bland and the sauce didn't help much.
Our friend got the smoked salmon arepa and remarked that it was exactly a good place or decision to get smoked salmon. Just so-so.
The yuca fries were really hard and flavorless so definitely try to sauce it up. The tajadas de platano side was pretty good. Nice and sweet.
Churros was probably the best part. Oozy chocolate in the middle. 
Overall, I'm glad I tried it, but I'm one and done.
Absolutely amazing. We ordered an arepa and a patacon and both were bursting with flavor and super filling. The arepa was the reina pepiada especial - the avocado shredded chicken mix added creaminess that paired well with the thick arepa and the cheese + plantains was a great savory and sweet balance. The patacon (got the patacon pinto) came with fried mashed ripe plantains as the buns. It was stuffed full of tender meat, beans, and cheese. The green mayo was tangy and almost tzatziki sauce-like. Also tried the drink of the day - a lemonade based drink made with rock sugar and tasted of hints of cinnamon (almost apple juice like). I would definitely come back and this is a great addition to the South Street food scene.
We where looking for a Good Arepa! We found the best Arepas I have tried (a lot)...
Try the Cilantro lemonade and the tequeños.
Very inviting, quaint little neighborhood joint to get some tasty arepas and Venezuelan side dishes/snacks. My friend and I saw the great reviews so we decided to come and sample a bunch of their most popular arepas. We got three, a side of yucca fries, and tried their tart tamarind drink. For those who have never had them before, arepas are delicious little Venezuelan corn patties stuffed with a variety of fillings.

Pabellon ($9) - shredded beef, black beans, fried plantains, and white cheese. Delicious, the savory but super tender beef complemented the slightly sweet plantains and the cheese cut through nicely.

De Calle ($9.25) - fried arepa with shredded roast pork, green cabbage, white cheese, ketchup and green mayo. You'd think with ketchup and green sauce there's too much going on but all the flavors went together great.

Reina pepiada ($8.25) - the only disappointing one. The chicken, cheese and avocado were all mushed together and while it tasted good at first, after a couple bites it just felt like I was eating more creamy green mush.

Yucca fries ($4) - fried perfectly crisp on the outside but still fluffy inside. Portion could be bigger but it did come with a tasty seasoned avocado dip (not guac)

Also, each table has three of their homemade sauces you can use to customize your dishes: ketchup (or some ketchup variant?), a creamy thousand island-ish orange sauce, and a very tasty cilantro mayo. Overall barring the one chicken arepa, everything was delicious and I'm looking forward to coming and trying a bunch of their other options.
I'm pretty impressed with Puyero overall as an establishment as South Street has been going through some serious changes in the food department. I'm not a huge fan of arepas, but for some reason I ordered the Reina Especial. Despite my opposition, this sandwich was pretty good. I was more intrigued by my boyfriend's patacon pinton, which was everything I've ever wanted from Latin American cuisine. Maybe it's just because I really like plantains? The tequenos were pretty good, but nothing too noteworthy.

If you weren't aware, this is a counter service joint, but don't let that keep you from coming by since they're still in the start-up phase and have enough flair that I think they can sufficiently introduce this part of Philly to a little Venezuelan flair.
This place is amazing.  One of only two places in philly that i know that has tequenos.  Food is amazing i have tried most items and the drinks are good.  The service is great too!  Took a lot of people there and so far they all love it
The good: Clean, colorful atmosphere. BYOB keeps the price down.

The bad: We got the Pabellon (beef) and Reina (chicken) arepas. Small portions for $9, not enough for dinner. And the yucca fries weren't cooked enough and were tough in the middle.

Recommendation: Lots of great low-key, reasonably priced, Mexican options nearby - Blue Corn, Quetzally, and El Jarocho. Check out one of these instead for better prepared food and a better value.
I've been here a few times and really like the food. It's usually empty which stinks because it's a really good place and I want them to succeed. Everything I've tried is tasty. I personally prefer the patacones to the arepas, but that's just me. The sides and desserts and drinks are also delicious.

Like others have said though, the price point is too high for what you get. If they would lower the price of the main items by 2-3$, or add value to the price by including a side of fries or something, it would be better.
ADORABLE!!!!!! Might have helped that we had great company, but no matter how good the company the food was stunningly delicious!!

I've never eaten at a Venezuelan restaurant before to begin with, and only dabbled in local south American cuisine as I live in Jersey by the beach. We're swamped with chain garbage... so there aren't many choices, but Philly can be overwhelmingly vast in food selections that you wind up at old favorites. Not this time, but I'll tell you I'll be back here for sure.

We took advantage of a lunch menu that allows you a side and a main dish as shown in the menu. The menu isn't huge... but I wouldn't call it "small" considering the span of the food contained.

I need to go a few more times to really give a great review, but for now I'm going to tell you to go if you're within an hour's drive. Bring your appetite and over-order... it's cheap enough for that not to hurt your billfold but make sure you bring your appetite. The lunch special just with one side stuffed us all!!
Food is seriously delicious,  our favorites catira  Arepas, patacon pinton and papelón  
We are from Connecticut,  but definitely next time we are in Philadelphia, this will be our first choice. We recommend this delicious/colorful restaurant
This is place is a small gem. The staff is extremely welcoming and friendly and happy to talk food. I chose the Pabellon for lunch. It was really filling, I actually couldn't even finish the whole thing. It packed a lot of meat complimented by amazing flavors. The green mayo that comes on the side deliciously dripped down my fingers with every bite. I look forward to trying their other option.
Dropped by for lunch today after spotting this place while walking recently. Everything we had was fresh, flavorful, and well-made: Reina Pepiada Especial and Catira arepas as well as the Patacon Pinton. Arepas were great, and I particularly appreciated that the arepa itself was not overly thick. Absolutely delicious fillings. People unfamiliar with patacones may not like the oily nature of the fried plantains, as I read in another review, but in my experience it was an expertly-made dish. An array of sauces to use.. green mayo, chipotle ketchup, papaya hot sauce. Vibrant and clean interior and fun atmosphere. Great drinks, we had the tamarind juice and the cilantro lemonade. Friendly service.. Gil and Simon have a good thing going on. Welcome to the neighborhood!
I have been looking for a good Venezuelan place and finally stumbled upon this place on a whim when i was in the area... 

its a very small menu, but all the important things are there... the Arepas are fantastic!  Its the best "street" food i have ever eaten. the meat was juicy, tender and flavorful (if Meat had a dating profile, those would be the top 3 qualities all the ladies would want).  I also love plantains and theirs did not disappoint. i also got one of their special drinks of the day and it was so yummy and refreshing!

There are many paper menus on the wall, you can take down and look at while you wait (so much easier than trying to crane your neck to read a wall) and there are just enough small tables to line both sides of the establishment. there are colorful graphics on the wall and it is very bright and cheerful inside.

i would eat here every day if i could! cannot wait to return and try something else!
Delicious food and drink! Anything with their avocado mix is delicious! Yummy fresh drinks - juice and a horchata-like drink are very good! Definitely get a chocolate filled churro!
Stopped in late at night looking for some food after walking around downtown Philly. Really happy to have found this place. The arepas were so good. Very flavorful and the sauces they had for them were really good as well! Very filling and made me wish my stomach could take more because they were so good.
Great Venezuelan street food. Arepas are great. Highly recommended
Wonderful service and reasonable prices make this a must eat! Located just a block off of south street there should be nothing keeping you from trying a delicious arepa and supporting a new business. 

We got two arepas which were fantastic. Now that I've had an arepa, I think I'll go with one of the simpler options next time. It's almost too much flavor! We got one arepa in which the shell had been fried. Unfortunately this made it really hard and sometimes painful to bite on. Not the places fault (I don't think?) but maybe either room to improve on or steer away from the fried arepas. 

The winners were the yuca and the side dish that is equivalent to fried mozzarella. HUGE chunks of cheese that were covered in pastry dough. Sooooo good! The service is amazing here. It's a fast casual type of place where you order at a counter but the people are super nice and will help you choose your meal if you've never had Venezuelan fast food before. 

Enjoy!
Very fast service and fresh food! The sauces on the table are all amazing. Each one is tastier than the last. I recommend trying all of them on everything you order. 

The arepas are soft and hold the meats perfectly. The patacones are also very good. The one we had was made  i with maduros and not tostones as I expected so just take note of that. Still very tasty! 

Would return for fast service, clean restaurant, great good, and nice people.
We had Catira (shredded chicken, spinach, and white cheese) and Reina Pepiada (chicken, Gouda, and guacamole) Arepas and they were both really delicious. The staff are nice and the atmosphere is cool and very chill. You order at the counter and they bring the food out to your table. 

Can't wait to go back.
To start out the restaurant looks great. Not fancy great, but it fits the atmosphere they are trying to create.

The staff is limited so be careful as there may be a nice wait if the place is packed especially for lunch. They have a lunch specials for $11.99 with arepas, patacones and a side, plus a drink. The food was arepa sandwhich was good, but the yucca fries are awesome.

Solid place for lunch, but a bit pricey.
Great patacon pinton and arepas! Not used to baked tequenos but were good n flakey. Enjoyed the different sauces, daughter loved the lemonade with hint of cilantro only thing they have to do is step up their fried yuca game, coulda got a bad batch but few other reviews of same hard/chewy yuca.  But the sauce that comes with them is heavenly and never had anything quite like it.  Great  and friendly Venezuelan service.
Puyero is the best (and maybe only?) place in Philly to get quality arepas. It's a little out of the way, but it's worth the trip! The inside has a good amount of seating, the aesthetic is bright and cheerful, and the workers have been friendly and patient every time I've gone! 

As a vegetarian, I always go for the special domino: an arepa stuffed with cheese, avocado, black beans, and plantains. I'm not a fan of plantains, but they're always willing to swap the plantains for extra avocado with no extra charge (there is ALWAYS an extra charge for avocado at restaurants, so this is huge)! The arepas might seem expensive, but they're large and really filling. I usually just get one and am full. 

The cachapa clasica is good, but it doesn't have as much variety in it as the arepa - it's corn dough filled with and topped with cheese. So if you LOVE cheese and don't care about the extra variety in ingredients, this is a great option. 

The churros here are a pretty small portion, but the taste more than makes up for it (and if you start with an arepa you'll be too full to eat more churros anyway).
Quick bite before an event. This place had been on my list to try. Great & friendly service. I had the Reina pepiada ( shredded chicken mixed with avocado & gouda cheese) and tequenos... traditional Venezuelan fried cheese sticks.

Service was great & the food was awesome! The chicken sandwich is mixed similar to that of a tuna salad. The mix of gouda cheese & avocado was delicious! The cheese sticks were the star on my plate. The cheese was rich & flavorful.

This place must go on your must try list.
A tiny shop in Philly.
There is outdoor dining with a few tables. 
I came here from a recommendation from a friend. 
I got a Pabellon, which had a bunch of stuff in it. It's a Venezuelan dish that had beans, shredded beef and a bunch of other ingredients that's in the picture. 
Super juicy with lots of flavor. 
I only got 1 but could have gotten 2 and would have been full. It's a little pricy for just 1, but definitely worth the try.
This little place packs an incredible punch filled with bright colors and flavors. It's almost impossible to leave the restaurant in a sour mood. The staff is very friendly and the menu offers a variety of choices (though not the vegetarian kind, there is only one V main item, the rest are sides so beware!). Please do yourself a favor and try an arepa there! I got the patacon pisao which was so great - but once I tried the arepa.... Mmmm I was already regretting it. The Patacon Pisao is kind of difficult to eat since it's a plantain sandwich so have a fork handy.
I am not a local and we tried this place a year ago because it was on a Dining on a Dime episode. Man, am I glad we watched the episode and decided to check this place out... I honestly still think about the Reina Pepiada Especial Arepas...

I'm so happy we're going to be in Philly soon and on a day that Puyero is open. That's all that matters.
We have been waiting a while to try this place, and it was TOTALLY worth the wait. We ordered two sides, two sandwiches and drinks and our meal was under $35.00....and we brought home two boxes of leftovers....and we brought our own booze. If you are looking for a quick, flavorful, unique, and affordable dining experience, check this place out ASAP!
This is one of my favorite yelp find of 2019. Puyero is definitely not for the faint of heart or light of stomach, but if you enjoy a hearty Venezuelan meal with all of the trimmings, then you have to try this place.

Must get: fried plantain sandwich, corn fritter pancake, deep fried dough w/white cheese
Meh: chicken salad arepa 
Missed: fried arepa with roast pork

As you can decipher from the 'fried' listing, there's plenty of heartburn inducing, heavy hitters that will sink your gut straight to the chair. That being said, the quality is top notch. My absolute favorite was the corn fritter pancake with chicken. First of all, the portion size is overly generous, smothered with a creamy, but not overbearing white sauce, and the sutble sweetness of the corn works so perfectly with the texture and saltiness of the chicken. Sigh, it was perfectly bad for you. The friend plantain sandwich was also a heavy delight with all of the post-eating guilt, but oh so worthwhile. I also found myself to enjoy the fried dough quite a bit - not overbearing at at all.

The prices were reasonable and the staff was super friendly. At the end of the day, this is a must-visit if you just finished a workout and want some guilty pleasure protein.

Food: 5 stars
Ambiance: 4 stars
Service: 4 stars
Price: 5 stars
If you've never tried Venezuelan food and happen to be in Philly, boy are you in luck! Puyero is a small enclave of Venezuelan authenticity and flavor located within the vibrant South Street neighborhood of Philly. There are definitely many items you should try at Puyero but I would start with an order of tequeños (they look like cheese sticks but they are so much more! and these are the best I've tried in the US, and yes including Miami). After the tequeños, order the 'patacon pisao' with ripe plantain and maybe have someone else order the arepa that comes with pork (delicious!). To drink, ask if they have 'chicha' it's a milk based type drink that's a small slice of heaven and Puyero's version is one of the best I've tried anywhere! The owners (Gilberto, Manuela, and Simon) are usually in and are extremely friendly and will love to tell you more about Venezuela and its food. Also, during the holidays they have 'hallacas' which everyone refers to as 'tamales' but really, they're different and better and not just because I'm from Venezuela. Ask about the hallaca class during the holidays, preparing them is a culturally unique and elaborate process that has traditionally united families and communities throughout Venezuela. You can't go wrong with anything you order at Puyero and will probably have to revisit many times.
Love this funky neighborhood spot - a breath of fresh air just off South St. The arepas are fresh, filling, and something different. My go to is the Reina Pepiada Especial - chicken salad mixed with creamy avocado and a hit of smoky gouda topped with fried plantains for a bit of texture. The house sauces taste great on everything! Note: these are sizeable, just one is filling enough as a full lunch.
Cute little restaurant and good food! I love the bright colors in the restaurant and quick service. Great spot for a quick and affordable meal. The fried yuca was really good and we tried the patacon and cachapa. Of the two I preferred the patacon since the cachapa was sweet for my taste but both were very good! They look small but are actually quite heavy and filling.
I have been looking for a fried plantain sandwich in Philly ever since my foodie chef cousin had me try a jibarito while I was out in Chicago last year. Philly is a city of sandwiches and has a very diverse food scene, but I just hadn't seen anything like the jibarito around here UNTIL ONE DAY I walked past Puyero. I made a note of the plantain sandwiches on their menu outdoors and vowed to stop by again some day. Yesterday was THE day!

It's still Yellow Phase, so takeout only. I was having some trouble on GrubHub and Yelp placing a pickup order through the apps because it looked like pickup was pre-order only, but delivery was still popping... didn't make any sense! Bae called the restaurant directly and found out they were doing pickup orders over the phone - phew!

I ordered the Patacon Pinton because it looked most like what I was looking for - shredded beef, smashed plantains, etc. I ordered extra avocado because it's been my jam lately.

We walked over (about 15 minutes) and my order was ready when we got there. We found a spot to sit at the green on Bainbridge by 5th Street. I opened it up and my jaw dropped because it was so beautiful.

Turns out, it was a fried sweet plantain sandwich instead of the smashed plantains I was looking for. But they gave me a fork and knife (there's no way you're gonna eat that with your hands and not make a total mess) and MAN WAS IT DELICIOUS. The char on some of the plantains was like caramel. The flavor was on point. It paired nicely with a vodka spritzer that I ordered to-go from a bar on South Street.

I will 100% be back here. Next time I'll have to ask if they can do the smashed plantains instead of fried sweet. To be continued!
Great take-out spot. I had the Fried Veggie Pinton and it was delicious. At first I wasn't sure if it was going to fill me up but half-way through I was stuffed. Definitely ask for the sauces because they are FANTASTIC. 

Staff was also friendly and you can't beat the prices.
Never disappointed, so good! We got the Patacon Pinton, De calle, Reina Pepiada/Especial, Shredded beef pabellon.Our fave always the Pinton
So I was definitely excited to try this place out! I've heard really good things about this place. The owners are two brothers and a wife from Venezuela. They definitely brought a taste of Venezuela to Philly. The place is bright colorful and full of energy and most important squeaky clean! They started us off with Tequeños (deep fried dough wrapped around white cheese) they were so light and crisp but without being greasy at all. Mandoca (corn flour and Plaintain mix deep fried topped  cinnamon top with white cheese and cream) I've never had anything like both of these before. The sweet and salty together makes for a great combo Warning both of these are highly addictive. They have four or five different sauces which are all made in house. My favorite was the papaya hot sauce and the green mayo! Next they brought out a duo of mini arepas. Pabellón (shredded beef black beans fried sweet Plaintain and white cheese). This is more of the traditional arepa which can be found basically on any street in Venezuela. De Calle (fried arepa stuffed with roasted pork shoulder green cabbage white cheese catchup and green mayo). This arepa was really good and not traditional which was killer because of the arepa being fried. It had tons of flavor. Last but not least Patacón Pisao (Fried Plaintain sandwich with shredded chicken ham or white cheese Gouda and cabbage with ketchup green mayo and mustard) This had to be the most unique sandwich I've ever had! The crispy plantains as the bun the tender juicy shredded chicken in the middle. The kicker for me was the mustard in the green mayo which brought all Flavors out! I can easily eat 4 of those! If you ever find yourself in the middle of Society Hill  and looking for some authentic Venezuelan street food then this is your place.
Not sure why this place is listed at the lowest cost. It's as much as 10 for a fairly humble and small sandwich. When you go to a pupuseria in DC you get much more for a lot less money
From where Puyero is nestled off of the main bustle of South Street, it radiates good energy and heavenly aromas. This Venezuelan street food spot is slinging jam-packed arepas, loaded toderas, chocolate filled churros, and other favorites, with lots of love. The result? Mega flavor!

Walk through the doors of this vibrant little gem and be prepared to taste some comforting, deliciously colorful eats. Everything is as yummy as it is instaworthy. The beef and pork are bomb af.

Love cornbread? Go with a todera. This gargantuan corn fritter pancake enveloping cheese and your choice of tender pork, chicken, or beef, is not to be missed. One is often enough for a full meal for me. The flavors make me wanna sing zippity doo-da.

What else is good? Any of the arepa options, flaky tequenos, and zippy red and green mayos you'll want to douse your food with. The patacons feature plantains standing in for bread, and these sandwiches are filled with meat, cheese, and other fun stuff. These, like the arepas, are messy in the best of ways.

Both dessert options are worth the calories and then some. Toasty, chocolate-filled churros are the best they can be, while the marquesa is the result of the blissful union of pudding and cake: decadent chocolate bliss.

The owner is a chill and affable dude. You order at the counter, grab a table, and wait. I take out often. The todera holds up especially well. When there's a crowd, it can take some time, but it's always worth it. Yes...always.
My Venezuelan med school roommate introduced me to arepas years ago and I came to love them, so I was thrilled to discover this Venezuelan restaurant in Philly that is killing the arepa game! 

For those unfamiliar, arepas are Venezuelan sandwiches made on a soft, grilled corn pancake that is split in half and stuffed with filling. One of the most common fillings is Reina Pepiada (which means "curvy queen" in English!) and is an avocado-based chicken salad with smoked gouda. Puyero's Reina Pepiada Especial takes the already delicious Reina Pepiada and adds sweet plantains to take it to the next level --- incredible. We also tried the Special Domino, which is a tasty vegetarian arepa stuffed with black beans, avocado, and plantains. Both arepas were absolutely packed with filling and well worth the approximately $9 we paid for them. Make sure to add the green mayo, which is packed with flavor. 

We also enjoyed an order of taquenos, which are essentially mozzarella sticks surrounded in fried dough and cooked to perfection. 

Definitely among our top choices for a quick, casual meal in Philly.
Stumbled upon this place after visiting Marsh+Mane... and so happy I did! Not only was the food amazing, but the lady that took our order was so sweet! She explained the menu options since it was our first time. I ordered arepas, yucca fries, and tres leches. Everything was delicious! Will def be back
Just like everyone else- I love Puyero! I wish there was more sandwich options but they cover everyone from the meat lover to the vegetarian. If you love plantains you won't get disappointed. The patacon and arepas are pretty filling without feeling uncomfortable. 

It's a nice casual ambiance- just order at the counter and find a seat. The menu hangs on your left when you're looking at the cashier. Speaking of, since it's the holidays, here's what's in their special menu. I love having these special options as it gives me a chance to celebrate how other cultures celebrate the holidays through food. I loved the hot chocolate! Not as spicy as Mexican hot choco but equally rich and tasty.
Came here twice and I got the pull beef and shrimp arepa. The beef was really good. Soft, chewy, really juicy and well flavored with the sauces. They give you a good amount of beef and same goes for the shrimp. The shrimp arepa was well flavored and also contained a good amount of avocado slices.

Their menu seems to be fairly price. The place was clean, colorful and had plenty of seating. Also, if you purchase 9 sandwiches, you get the 10th free. Definitely making this a regular spot to go eat.
Our favorite neighborhood takeout place! Delicious food! Baby K and I are super fans of the Patacón  Pintón- where sweet plantains are the bread slices in the heavenly sandwich of black beans, green mayo, and deliciously stewed shredded beef. No cheese here due to dietary restriction - which they were very accommodating towards. We also get the Reina Pepiada- which K prefers as she's a huge avocado fan so mixed with chicken is a huge hit in this household. The vibe is chill, staff if helpful and friendly, and the service is quick. We'll be back... tomorrow! Kidding... but maybe.
I love this place! The arepas are amazing and are perfect on their own for a smaller meal(or with sides to round it out). I've gotten the Reina Pepiada Especial(chicken meat, avocado, fried sweet plantain and Gouda cheese) a few times now, it's the perfect combination of textures, temperatures and flavors. I may have scraped the wrapper with a fork to make sure I got everything. 

The staff have been super friendly every time I've been there and they serve the food super quickly. I will be a regular.
SUCH DELICIOUS FOOD!! It tasted like home cooked comfort food. We were a big group, so we tried a bunch of different items. My favourite was the Reina Peplada and the Pabellon Arepa. And the patacons were perfect. Not too slimy and greasy, but with just the right amount of ingredients. The green sauce (hahaha sorry I don't know the name) was mouthwatering. Have that if you like your food to be spicy. I finished off my meal with homemade churros. First time I had churros and they were YUM. I loved the concept of the restaurant - warm and colorful, very welcoming. I specifically liked how the menus were displayed on the wall. Made the experience more interactive. I would love to know more about Venezuela as a country through your restaurant!
The Venezuelan sandwiches were very tasty!  This is a small restaurant.  If you have a small child, try the fried cheese. It pleased my grilled cheese loving child!
This place exceeded my expectations. I haven't eaten much Venezuelan food in the past, but I cant wait to return to Puyero. Just steps off south street you can taste some really unique flavors. The tequenas and arepas were great on their own, but even better topped with their green mayo & sriracha sauces. I'll definitely be trying the dessert next time. Hope this restaurant is here to stay.
WOW!!!! My friend and I had each ordered the Reina Pepiada Especial & split a side of tequeños! Delicious & fresh flavors! I've been to several different Latin restaurants in Philly  and this is my new favorite! I loved how each table had a nice variety of sauces to try. Make sure you try the pink sauce with EVERYTHING!!! My only suggestion is to ask for a side of water if you order the cilantro lemonade- it's crazy sweet!
This place is absolutely delicious and they are super cool. Tried a shredded beef pabellon and it was fantastic. Tonight I'm trying a ganadora, can't wait!
Super tasty and fresh. The churros are ridiculous (chocolate filled!) Love the look of the place and the friendly staff!
I have gotten puyero twice. The first time was in the store and the second time was delivery. I really enjoyed both of the times I went. Both times I got different arepas. The arepas are pretty filling and flavorful. I do think the quality of the meat makes the food good, and especially the different available. The different sauces (barbeque-like, ranch-like, and spicy, I believe) add a lot to the arepa. The churros were also excellent. Everyone in my group enjoyed the food quite a bit. 

I did get a sour-ish drink there. I think it was the lemonade. Unfortunately it was a bit too sour for my taste.

I also loved the ambiance and decor!
Came for their specials from arepa weekend and got the beef de carrito. The beef was SOO good, tender, juicy, well flavored. The only issue is I took my arepa to go so it got soggy real fast so the arepa texture just wasn't cutting it for me this time :( definitely warrants a return to give it a fair chance because the meat, the sauces, and the toppings all went together real well. 

Also got the tequenos and those were a 10/10!! The dough was perfectly crisp and evenly fried. The cheese was nice and warm. Not stretchy though, these aren't mozzarella sticks!! The dipping sauces they provided with my takeout order was a green sauce (I think is the green mayo, mmm super creamy) and an orange sauce (not sure what it was but I looooved the creamy tang). These were so good. 

Overall, restaurant has a cute vibe with good friendly service. Would definitely come back to retry an arepa fresh at the restaurant, and everything else on their menu looks super appetizing too.
This is our go to spot for arepas right off south street. They have great variety and the arepas are delicious! I'd highly recommend a visit! Friendly staff as well.
Having just returned from having "dinner" at Puyero, I'm now qualified to post a review. Yesterday was the first day of their soft opening and stopped in to pick up - and post - the menu but I didn't have time to eat. Since just yesterday, there were already changes. A new Arepa was added to the menu - Smoked Salmon, Avocado, onions and arugula. ($9.75). Also, I learned that they are only open (for now) from 5pm to 10pm Monday-Friday but Saturday they are open from 11am to 11pm and Sunday from 11am to 10pm
. 
I was very happy with my food there, though I honestly have to say that I'll probably return more for lunch or a light dinner. The five varieties of Arepas (which are hand formed cornmeal cakes that are split in two like an English muffin and filled with shredded meats and cheese and (sometimes black beans and fried sweet plantains)  are basically sandwiches. The current "sides" are an order of plantains with white cheese or fried yucca with side of guacamole. There a few sandwiches on hot dog buns. 

Tonight I tried the Shredded chicken special (which is the regular chicken and avocado/gouda cheese Arepa) with fried plantains added ($8.75).  I had a side of the fried Yucca which look - and even taste like fat French fries.  I'll stare here that I don't do "spicy" food and none of this was spicy. This is not MEXICAN! The arepa was tasty and the filling was almost smooth and creamy. I asked the owners (brothers Gil and Simon) if I could "taste" the shredded beef to compare. Based on this, I would recommend the beef variety if you want a more dense filling - it also has black beans. Ity had a very tiny "spice kick" to it but, even sensitive me, found it very mild.  This doesn't come with plantains inside and it probably wouldn't work.

The fried yucca were not at all greasy and the guacamole (no pepper at all) was a nice touch. On the table is a squeeze bottle of a green sauce. This is a mixture of mayonnaise and avocado - no spice and also goes good with the yucca.

The restaurant is long and small with seating for up to 22 people. All tables are for 2 but can be pushed together. The walls are really creatively painted. The music playing was Venezuelan pop music (which I really liked - though I think an American pop song appeared once or twice during my visit. I hope they continue to play the Venezuelan music since it goes well with the cuisine.

Speaking of "going with...", the place is a BYOB and good South American beer - or even Mexican)- would go well with the food. Luckily Beer Love is less than a block away and carries hundred of single bottles of unusual beer. They are not cheap but it's convenient to buy a bottle or two to go with your food.

Gil - an attorney when he lived in Venezuela - and Simon (an architect) will be trying new things in the next few weeks but the basic menu stays. They both live just blocks away in Washington Square West and want to be good neighbors. I - for one - hope they will make it. I think an expanded menu of a combination plate with food that you'll only find in their country will bring even more business. Philly has one Venezuelan restaurant (Sazon) but that's up on Girard Avenue and you need a car. Puyero is just a walk away for those in our neighborhood.

Now that we have the casual, reasonably priced (and BYOB that keeps normal hours) Theresa's Mesa and now Puyero, there are new options for casual dining in QV and the environs
Simple menu, but delicious food, great atmosphere for a quick and casual meal. The pabellon arepa with shredded beef was excellent.
Wow wow wow. Okay sooooo we stumbled upon this spot while wandering through south street (aimlessly). I had the Pabellón and sweet baby Jesus it was an explosion of flavor in my mouth. My tastebuds went berserk...so many different flavors working together to satisfy my tastebuds. The sauce that comes with the Fried Yuca also amazing. Staff is friendly, spot is cute and cozy.
Ok now, the staff is friendly and the place is over the top cute with Venezuelan cartoons and sayings on the walls and rainbow colored menus on clipboards for ordering. That's just the beginning. The arepas are amazingly good, heaped with creative toppings and served with trays of interesting condiments. I can't wait to work my way through the menu.
I have never had Venezuelan food before and I have been missing out. The service was excellent and the staff were more than willing to help out with my ordering and explaining what they have to offer. The atmosphere was fun and friendly and our food came out very quickly. I highly recommend this place to anyone who hasn't eaten Venezuelan cuisine or looking for a fun meal. I will be returning regularly to eat at this great establishment.
So good!! We went here with a large group, thankfully, because it allowed us to try pretty much everything. Yucca fries and plantains were delicious, churros were A+. And the arepas: yes. Pernil was the winner, but all were great. Can't wait to come back. Such a fun, casual place to bring a bottle of wine and kick back with some unpretentious, totally delicious food. Side note: the inside is to cheery and bright!
Oh man such a unique place, never had Venezuelan food before. Food was great and service was fast. The owner is actually behind the counter and you can feel that the place is being run with a lot of heart. It's now one of my fav lunch place. I work at the escape room across the street so I guess they will see my face a few times a week.
Street food feel--plus! Great deco, flavorful food, on point music (nothing of the gringo kind). The arepa I had with carne asada is freakin delicious, and my sister finishes her chorizo arepa in a blink of an eye. We could hardly move after. Come here more often! I wish there were more people around. The location in Old City next to Milk and Honey café is so perfect. (Also, instagrammable!)
What a great little Venezuelan restaurant off South Street.  It is good casual street Venezuelan food. If you want fancier and more expensive Venezuelan food with a waitress than of course Sazon near Union Transfer will be more your flavor.  If you want to experience how everyone else eats in Venezuela during a typical lunch/ dinner, this is good authentic casual Venezuelan food. Personally I liked the Reina Pepiada and the Petacon Pisao the most.  Show up as you are in jeans and a sweatshirt and just enjoy an arepa.
Unlike some other reviewers, I don't know how Venezuelan food is "supposed" to taste any more than I know how Jewish (me) or Italian (my wife) food is "supposed" to taste.  I like 10 different kinds of pizza -- the operative keyword is different.  I don't ding deep dish pizza restaurants because their pizza doesn't taste like Franco & Luigi's in South Philly.

Anyway, the food here tasted good to me.  A buddy and I tried an arepa, a cachapa, the yuca fries and the tequenos.  All very good and reasonably priced.  

Clean, nice atmosphere.  There were a bunch of regulars and I saw several people doing take-out.  

The cashier and chef (perhaps co-owners?) were exceptionally patient with us.  We were both a pain in the, um, neck: my buddy has a dozen food allergies, and I'm a fussy eater who tries to avoid fried foods, red meat, and high-fat.  And I think mayo is pure evil and sent from the Devil.  The cashier spent ~ 10 minutes helping us order.

Looking forward to my next visit.
Really superb sandwiches, the crunch of the plantains and savory chicken is a taste combination that I will definitely back for. The homemade sauces are also nicely put together and highly recommend trying them all.
Met some friends at Puyero last evening for dinner. First time there, and it's right in our neighborhood. We all agreed that we loved the place. it is bright and cheery, with some great Latin music playing in the background. The wall of Spanish sayings is really fun too.

The food was really good, especially all the sauces, which we all tried. We had chicken arepas, and pork arepas. Also had sides of yucca fries and plantains. All were delicious. One person ordered a second order of yucca fries instead of dessert she loved them so much; I ordered the chocolate filled churros. OMG!

It's a BYO and the price of the food is very reasonable, so if you want a casual, fun inexpensive place to have a good dinner, go there.
WOW!!!! My friend and I had each ordered the Reina Pepiada Especial & split a side of tequeños! Delicious & fresh flavors! I've been to several different Latin restaurants in Philly  and this is my new favorite! I loved how each table had a nice variety of sauces to try. Make sure you try the pink sauce with EVERYTHING!!! My only suggestion is to ask for a side of water if you order the cilantro lemonade- it's crazy sweet!
nothing tasted fresh,everything its fried hard. no explosions of flavors any where, the idea it's good but lack of good flavors.
Heard there was another authentic Venezuelan place in town and thought we would give it a try for lunch. Ordered the Reina Pelpada and the De Calle arepa with sides of yucca fries and cheese sticks. They were giving out free chocolate filled churros. I really wanted to like my meal but sadly it was lacking flavor and for the price the protein in the arepas were slim to none. Meal was nothing memorable. My favorite out of all the things I've ordered was the churros.  If I was around the area I may give it another try but definitely  won't go out of my way for a meal.
Sooo good, I got the patacón and LOVED it! I definitely recommend. Food was fresh and flavorful, atmosphere was bright and clean. Can't wait to go back!
This restaurant is great. The food is incredible, the staff is friendly and everything tastes super authentic. Cute environment and simple menu are the cherry on top. 10/10 would recommend to a friend.
We had six different menus items. Each was terrific. Love this place. If you haven't been yet, go today and go often.
This place is so delicious.  The Patacones was one of the yummiest things I've ever tried.  The churro are AMAZING!  I am only in town for a week and have already been here twice.  Highly recommend!
I was so excited for this place to open. The food was so delicious and very inexpensive. The ambiance is warm and inviting. The choice of music is excellent and Gilberto's hospitality was wonderful. I will definitely be back for some more patacon for sure.
I went this place with my husband and his aunt, 
I'm a Venezuelan chef and i've been eating my food all my life and i really love my back-home food.

I'm gonna start with the good about this place: for me this is the coziest, warmest place in the whole city, i love the colors and the frases in the wall, the music, the owners are from my city and they are so polite and really good people. 

But i have to say, I was expecting more from this place. I tried the Patacon Pisao that is a plantain sandwich with beef, it was ok, the meat was tender but because i know how a Venezuelan patacon taste this is just a good trying, i will put little more love in your recepies... 

My husband tried The Salmon Arepa, the vegetables were fresh cut, and the corn bread perflectly cook but so sad that it was just a small piece of smoked salmon, we were expecting fresh salmon. My husband's aunt got The Pabellon Arepa, and the menu reads should be with shredded beef, but the meat was an old dried piece of steak, she couldn't finish it because was really hard to bite the meat. 

The tequeños were perfect you need to try them! i wish they were 5 instead of 3....
And the churros delicious chocolate small churro bites i wish they were 5 instead of 3, the are so good.... because I'm venezuelan i love our sodas and my husband love the "Colita"="Little ass" taste like heaven if you like sweet drinks.
This place really fell short for us which was sad because we were so excited to try it!

We got the yuca fries with guac dip, the tequenos, the Reina Pepiada Especial and the Pabellon. The wait time was pretty long for how few people were there. The sides were great but that's where it ended and one can only eat so many deep fried things. The Reina Pepiada reminded me of a bad chicken salad sandwhich that had been sitting out too long at a baby shower. The plantains were delicious, as was the arepa vehicle but I couldn't force myself to eat the rest. The Pabellon was better, but it just reminded me of the chili you'd get on a chili dog at the end of the day at a fairground. It always smells so good but I don't think we'll be back. Overall meh.  :(
Delicious food! I love how colorful this place is and prefer it to the cheesesteak spots on South street. Better flavor, atmosphere and music! I ate the ham and cheese Cachapas which is a corn fritter pancake plus a refreshing lemonade with cilantro. They also have Arepas and a plantain sandwich called Patacones which I plan to try next time.
As a South American, I was so excited for this. I was hyped for weeks that somewhere was making patacon sandwiches. What I got was not a crispy, golden patacon, but a brown mushy maduro trying to hold together a sandwich. Don't let the plantain get over ripe and then try and play it off like nothing is wrong. HUGE disappointment. Will not be coming back.
AMAZING! This place was awesome! I was exploring Philly today and walked by and saw the menu outside and saw "plantains" and knew I HAD to go! My food had black beans, avocado, sweet plantains and white cheese and was so delicious with every bite! I also got the yuca fries and avocado dip which is just basically guacamole. Super yummy! They also make sandwiches and sub the bread for sweet plantains! 100% reccomend
Great spot for delicious and very reasonably-priced food in South Philly! You order at the counter, but if you're dining in, they'll bring the food over. Very cool decor inside with different Spanish phrases on the wall.

Most of the menu is gluten-free, which is great for my wife! I ordered shredded chicken with avocado, which I realized is a cold dish when I got it. The flavor was great, though, and very filling. My wife ordered a beef arepa that was hot, and it was quite tasty. The sauces were good, and our sides of yucca fries and plantains were delicious as well!

We did get one of their lemonades, which they let you try at the counter. It's rather sweet, so I don't know if I would get it again, but I appreciated the opportunity to try it before buying.

I would definitely come back to try some more of their food, including empanadas, which we didn't see on the menu but did see on our neighbors' table!
Hot damn. 

If you love plantains, FLAVORFUL shredded meat, and filling vegetarian options... This is the place for you! 

It's right off South St. near Milk Boy so it's conveniently on/ near the scene of South St. 

Their red and green sauces are A1 and you better come over on weekends... THEY GOT EMPANADAS!  I've gotten three different ones and they all hit different: 
-potato and cheese
-plantain and cheese
-beef and cheese

All. Of. It. Is. Bomb.

Been coming here for a year now and Puyero has always been my "treat". Everything is great here; you won't be disappointed
The place is very unique: the ambiance resembles a typical Latin American fast food spot. It is not just a cute place but you can tell the owners put a lot of effort on little details. Even the wall is decorated with fun Venezuelan and Latin American sayings. 
Regarding the food: you can traditional arepas (e.j Reina Pepiada), and tequeños. But what make things more special are the Patacón sandwiches. I tried the Patacón Pisao and it was wondeful. Extra points for the creams you can add to your meal (again: something you can find on very typical Latin American street food places).
Simply the best in Philadelphia. I don't have any pictures to attach because I didn't even think to photograph the delicious arepas and tequeños, my only thought was to enjoy the Venezuelan flavor that Puyero is able to bring to Philly.  Everything I've ever ordered from here has been served fresh and delicious.  Make sure to call by phone and order as well to help these people avoid unnecessary fees from ordering services!  

iMucho sabor!
