Wow this place lives up to its ratings! I've had many Bahn Mi in my lifetime and the two sandwiches I've purchased today were awesome!

The owner ( I assume) was very nice and explained to me the menu and gave me some suggestions. I ordered the no. 1, QT special, and no. 9, lemongrass tofu. The QT sandwich is the most popular and has bbq pork, Vietnamese meat, and Vietnamese ham.  The owner said that the lemongrass tofu was the second most popular sandwich, but said the no. 8, tofu, mushroom and onion had more flavor. The former had plenty of flavor for me, but I'll definitely order the 9 next time I go back, which is a definite! The bread has a slight crunch on the outside and moist in the middle. The meats and toppings were fresh. Only negatives is that the sandwich bread is on the small side, and I've had bahn mi with more ingredients stuffed into it, but that won't lower the review or keep me from coming back!
I just had my first Vietnamese hoagie. It was the most toothsome sandwich this side of the arepa. The baguette was like Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson: hard on the outside, soft on the inside. The shredded carrots and cilantro blended in perfect harmony with the tofu and pork (?). I'm not sure of the meats included in my afternoon delight, but everything burst with crunchy flavor. 

It was cheap, it felt kinda healthy, and it didn't force me to unbutton my jeans. If ever there was a holy grail...

As for the restaurant, they abide by the 3 mandatory "c's:" cleanliness, credit cards, and cquickness.
QT is a great combination of customer service, quality, and price.

The staff is very friendly and takes personal interest in making sure you pick the right item and are fully satisfied.  They will discuss the menu with you as you order and the news of the day while you eat.  This is how a business should be run.

The "QT Special" is very good- select the Spicy option if you can handle it.   The prices are some of the best in the Center City area.

QT is a nice place to eat and chat.  You will want to come back.
First of all, Q.T. is a small joint that, if you don't pay attention when walking, you may pass by it without noticing. When you step inside, there are only a few tables and chairs to sit down, but it wasn't a problem when I went because all the other customers just took their orders and left.

I ordered the lemongrass tofu banh mi that other Yelpers recommended, and needless to say I was pleased. I made the wise decision to eat my banh mi right then and there when it was still fresh, and oh la la, it was so delicious my body felt light from floating in heavenly bliss. After years of eating banh mi, I've realized that what makes a good banh mi are two things: the baguette and seasoning on the protein. The other toppings (daikon, carrot, jalapeno, cilantro) are more or less the same from place to place, but a freshly toasted baguette can be a game-changer. The baguette here was perfect: crispy on the outside, warm and soft on the inside. I didn't care too much for the lemongrass tofu itself; Fu-Wah in West Philly actually has more flavorful tofu banh mi. The difference, however, was in the baguette, and that's where Fu-Wah lost.

After I finished my sandwich, I asked the lady behind the counter if they had a trash can for the plastic bag. She was friendly and offered to take the trash. When she discovered that I'm actually a meat-eater, she even said she would have recommended the house special if she had known when I first ordered. Her enthusiasm made me decide to order a second banh mi to take home. This time I ordered a chicken banh mi because I'm not a big fan of pork pate. After warming the sandwich in the oven for about 3 minutes, I devoured the chicken banh mi for lunch today. It was even better than the lemongrass tofu because the chicken was seasoned to perfection. It's certainly one of the best sandwiches I've ever had in my life despite being a day old. It was just incredible.
THE perfect balance of fatty-ness from pate and chicken, freshness from recently cut carrots and cucumbers and the coolness of freshly minced cilantro combine with just the right amount of spiciness.  The best chicken banh mi I've had.  Amazing French baguettes with the right amount of outside crunchiness and the perfectly soft, well seasoned inside (warmed to perfection) are used here.  No supermarket stale logs can be found here.  Nothing but the best.

I can't wait to go back for more.  The staff is amicable and cheerful.  It's clear they enjoy working at QT.  There is limited seating (it's tiny) but most patrons took their meals to go.  There are two tables and two stools which seemed to be plenty when I visited after renewing my passport at peak lunch hour.

Look for the small, bright orange QT sign along N12th.  It's worth looking for.  What an amazing, unassuming, happy place in the center of Philadelphia's Chinatown.
Friends told me about Q.T.'s Vietnamese sandwiches, so I stopped by to check them out.

A vivid orange wallpaper evoked a happy mood I walked in. A modest selection of drinks and snacks lined their counter. I considered sitting at the counter to eat, but this is one itty-bitty eatery.

I got a sandwich to go, their house special, the Banh Mi Dac Biet ($4.95; #1 on their menu). Friendly staff took my order, asking if I wanted jalapenos (I did). Moments after I had my sandwich, I bit into it. "Crunch, crunch," went the crispy baguette. Pickled carrots, a cucumber spear, and pork cold cuts all made an appearance, plus something that looked like mayo.

The sandwich was a decent size and tasted good, but wasn't anything spectacular. (Still, I've a soft spot for Vietnamese sandwiches, so I'll be back to try their other varieties.) I found it hard to stomach $5 for banh mi, even though it's not totally unreasonable - being in Chinatown, Q.T. has few nearby competitors. Perversely, this makes it easy to meet their $10 credit card minimum if you're ordering for two.

Try Q.T. yourself. Find them near the bus depot on 10th, between Arch and Market.
BLOWN AWAY! 

Best Bahn Mi I've ever had. The sandwich was delicious, juicy, tender, spicy (added a jalapeño) and dirt cheap. Get the QT special because you pretty much get to try three sandwiches in one - Vietnamese ham, Vietnamese pork and BBQ pork. At 6.50 the two of us split one and were delighted. 

Also got the Bun Rieu which I liked, but had nothing to compare to. Light tomato broth, very comforting on a cold day. Ask for their special spicy sauce which is made in house.
Thanks to all the yelp reviews, I found another gem in Chinatown.  

In the mood for banh mi?  Well, you came to the right shop.  I ordered the traditional/dac biet banh mi and the bbq pork banh mi.  While waiting, I had the opportunity to speak to the owner who was preparing my order.  He seems like a pretty cool guy and is just trying to stay afloat with his business because of the pandemic impact.  He also mentioned that his shop is the earliest banh mi shop in the area and has been open for about 10 years.  He also has a food truck which drives around the area selling similar items in the shop.

In short time of our conversation, my order was done and bagged to go.  The banh mi was pretty good.  I love the crispy toasted bread/baguette.  Portion size is definitely good enough to share for two people.  Because I was in adventure of food tour, I didn't order the noodle dishes but will need to come back another day to give it a try.
Me:  I want to try this Vietnamese banh mi sandwich place?
My friend: What? Another sandwich place? 

Me: Yes. I always wanted to try Q.T. I heard its surprisingly delicious.
My friend: Oh yeah? What makes it different?

Me: They use French baguettes, and usually thin seeded cucumber strips.
My friend: Nom nom nom! Now you got my attention. 

Q.T. Vietnamese Sandwich place is amazing little restaurant, in the beginning of china town, family owned with awesome banh mi sandwiches. Holy moly, those French-Oriental sandwiches are surprisingly delicious. The "hoagie-like" was small,crispy,  French roll, yet soft ,and chewy from the inside. Filled with chicken, cilantro leaves, pickled carrot, slices of thin jalapeño pepper, and cucumber. I was so stuffed and I am incredibly addicted. 


Worth the search? Yes.
Earned the hype?  Oui.
Met the expectations? Si



 
Give the thumbs up!
Three and half Yelps
I have never tried a vietnamese hoagie.. but yesterday after I left work and was hungry I decided to go into the city and try one... based on the reviews of all the great yelpers.... scoreeeeeee

It's a tiny little place.. and you see the mom in the back cutting up peppers and veggies to prepare for the sandwiches.. there is one little table in the middle.. but I can't see how anybody would sit in there but ok...the  menu is simple, however its simplicity leads to a great array of flavors in your mouth!

I had heard I should try the lemongrass tofu hoagie.. I was going to do this until I saw the mushroom and onion tofu hoagie.. I couldn't decide because I'm in love with mushrooms and onions but had heard such great things about the lemongrass.. so you know what I did! I got it MIXED.. so I had a mushroom onion lemongrass tofu hoagie.. extra spicy.. and I LOVED IT! ,.. 

I also was talked into getting a fruit smoothie.. I had a strawberry & mango smoothie.. it was great... the fruit is frozen not fresh.. however once blended it still tasted good.. especially when it was like 90 degrees outside! 

on top of the good eats.. the food is really cheap.. the sandwiches were like 5$ ,.. and their other options I think noodle options were only like 7$... 

so hurry up and go eat there! Or not more for me!
YES! A delicious banh mi sandwich, walking distance from my place! For $5.5 - 6.5, you too can savor this vietnamese classic. 

Warm, toasted french bread, still soft in the middle, filled with sliced cucumber, pickled shredded carrot, cilantro, jalapeño, and your choice of meat or tofu. I opted for the lemongrass tofu and my bf got the #1 house special, which is a combination of bbq pork, ham, and paté. While the lemongrass tofu was good, I would probably go with the house special next time, it was an excellent flavor combination. The fresh, toasted french bread alone is enough for another visit.

Service was friendly and fast. The restaurant is quite small though, so plan on taking your order to-go if you're with a group. Cash only!
Best Viet Hoagies you'll find in the area, or comparable to South Philly's famous Ba La Bakery.

Why? Large portion of well seasoned meat/veggies, fresh made hoagies and toasted to perfection, smooth and rich spreads, and cheap prices, The authentic flavor you get here is unbeatable. The place is small, so don't come with large groups. It's for 2-3 people, or take out. 

Must Have:
- #1 House Special
- #8 Mushroom Tofu and Onion

Suggestion: 
- I like spicy, but I request for the jalapenos to be on the side OR I ask for Sriracha instead - mm mm good! 
- If you are in a rush, they take orders and you can call 10 min ahead of time to pick up!
On my search for delicious vegan sandwiches, more than a few people pointed me to QT. They were not wrong.

For one, I appreciate being able to say "vegan" and them being like "okay."

Secondly, prices are excellent for what you're getting.

And thirdly, the food is on point! I had the lemongrass tofu, and it was quite good, and I'm excited to go back and try the other vegetarian sandwich. Add to that that they do have some seating inside that was easy for us to take (no table competition, even though it was a small space), and I really enjoyed it.
Really solid Bahn Mi. No complaints. I ordered the recommended #1 "QT Special", an assortment of delicious Vietnamese meats. The service is super quick and the staff is very friendly. One thing I think that makes QT stand out from other Bahn Mi is the quality of ingredients, especially the bread they use. It's not dry nor soggy, it was just right. I highly recommend QT to anyone who looking for a quick and easy place to grab some dank Vietnamese sandwiches.
I've been told I need to try Vietnamese coffee, so after lunch at another establishment my husband and I found QT nearby on Yelp.  QT is very small, orange and mostly a take out spot.  While I was there the owner took a personal interest in everyone who came in, many who seemed like regulars.  When I had told her it was our first time trying Vietnamese coffee she asked us a few questions about how we normally drink our coffee so that she could give us the perfect ratio of coffee to condensed milk.  We ordered a hot and cold one and they were both delicious but sweeter than I normally drink.  

Such warm and friendly staff, would definitely love to come back and try more things off the menu.
Honestly, who WANTS to go to Subway when they can run down to 10th & Arch and pick up a freshly made banh mi footlong for around $5?  You're insane for missing out on the generous portions of protein, crunchy pickled veggies and cilantro, all layered in fresh bread with a crunchy crust and a light scraping of mayo.  Jalapenos are optional, of course, but unforgettable if the spice is right up your alley.

I've had the BBQ pork, chicken, and the lemongrass tofu, and all of these variations have played out wonderfully for dinner.  If you can hold off half for leftovers, rest assured that it keeps really well to the next day's lunch.

Only downside: cash is a must, since they charge additional fees for using a card, and parking might be dicey during Chinatown rush hour traffic.  Boo.
I figure to give QT a second chance on delivery. Indeed I was happy. This time I made a request through the Grubhub app that the bread be crunchy. 
Instead of trying something new, I thought I might as well stick to my favorite: BBQ Pork banh mi with $2 extra vegetables( which they put on the side). Also I order Honey Dew Boba tea. The milk tea taste really good, but I wish they have put a little more tapioca in it. 
It was so delicious, I order again today. I also added BBQ pork roll appetizers and the watermelon boba tea. I never try the watermelon one so why not. But I play it safe by ordering Honey Dew Boba tea, just in case I didn't like the watermelon boba tea. Again I'm happy with my decision, the watermelon boba tea is average, it don't even have the melon taste.

Again, a shout out to the delivery driver for the super fast delivery ( btw in case you are wondering, I'm in Fishtown).
The good thing about having a bike at work is that I'm not confined to the greater Rittenhouse Square area for lunch anymore. Even though most of my favorite's are in Rittenhouse, it helps to feel a little free. Today, for example, I thought I'd enjoy a warm bike ride to Chinatown to try what QT has to offer. When I worked in Market East, I remember walking by QT when it first opened and being intrigued by the idea of bahn mi, but the shop looked a little bare and beat. It is quite the opposite today. It is bright and pretty lively. The service is fast and super friendly, also.

I ordered a lemongrass tofu hoagie. The roll was crusty outside, soft inside, and not too doughy in the middle. The lemongrass wasn't overpowering, which I appreciated, but it was definitely presen in the tofu. I asked for just a few jalepenos (the fact that they ask earns bonus points) and they were delicious but crazy hot since the seeds are left in the slices. I am full after my sandwich, but I feel like it was somewhat healthy, right?

On my way down Filbert St., I saw a guy throw a crumpled up napkin at a couple of pigeons for no reason while he was walking down the sidewalk. Littering is like breathing in Market East, but it was a particularly angry gesture. I rode by and I'm pretty sure he tried to spit in the direction of my bike and MISSED. Just like how he missed the pigeons. Because they're birds and they can fly. I was annoyed, although not surprised, and after I picked up my inexpensive and somewhat substantial sandwich and hopped back on my bike to trek back to my office where I sit in an ergonomic chair while Dr. Litterbug aimlessly wanders around the bus station for the rest of forever, I felt much better about everything in this world. Worth it, worth it, worth it.
The sandwich felt pretty skimped. $7.50 for a #1 QT special with only a few slices of meat that didn't cover the whole loaf of bread. The bread was really light and fluffy with a nice toast but I would say the sandwich itself wasn't worth it and the flavors weren't memorable. It was mostly bread and some pickled vegetables. Even less filling after picking out the peppers I didn't ask for. Shrimp rolls were pretty good, very heavy on the black pepper for seasoning. Would have been really good with some fish sauce for dipping.
I just got back from living in Vietnam! I've read the reviews below, and have found that many simply don't know what they're talking about. 

I noticed that nobody in the reviews seemed to know the names of the people at the counter whom they were making reviews about. Annie is really friendly, attentive, and sweet. She also knows how to make a Banh Mi that's both authentic and traditional. Mya/Maya (sorry if I mispell!) is a hard worker and very friendly as well. Vietnam is built around service culture, a standard which Annie and Mya/Maya live up to. The traditional banh mi (#1) totally lives up to all of the many types that I've tried in Vietnam. Not only that, but they have a loyalty card and an awesome menu! 

Now, let's go ahead clear up some of the unfair misconceptions found in the other reviews. 

First, in Vietnam, most business owners get their bread from local breadmakers who ride around on bikes, pull a cart down the street, or walk around with bags of banh mi. Banh mi vendors often don't make the bread themselves. The exception is usually the tourist traps that overcharge, or really expensive sitdown restaurants found in Ha Noi and District 1 of HCMC. If you want to pay $100 for a touristy banh mi  with bread made in-house, have at it. 

Second, the outside of the bread is supposed to be hard and crunchy, almost to the point of flaking whenever you take a bite. If you want soft bread, they'll toast it less, but it'll be less authentic. Honestly, if that's what you'd prefer, I'd say stick with Wawa. It's supposed to be crunchy on the outside, and warm and soft on the inside. That's how it's done at QT. 

Third, there isn't supposed to be a ton of meat and vegetables inside of the sandwich. Also, stop calling it a hoagie. It's a sandwich, not a hoagie. The bread is supposed to be most of what you taste. The idea is that the vegetables and meat are supposed to have a more gentle taste to them. If you want an overstuffed sandwich that's intended to make you overweight, go to Wawa or some local cheesesteak joint, but don't ask QT to sacrifice tradition on your behalf.
This place is goddam delicious.

Little spot in chinatown.  I went with the veggie bahn mi with the tofu and lemongrass.  Oh man this was so good.  It tastes light and fresh.  It's such a simple sandwich and so inexpensive.  My friend got the traditional bahn-mi and I think the veggie one was a bit better.  I love the shredded carrot and the mayo spread on it too.

Cash only and very approachable.  If I worked in philly, I would probably eat here at least once a week.
I came here hoping to get a really good Vietnamese sandwich,  I ordered the Cha and Pate sandwich,  only to find out they were so cheap on the Pate!!! I opened up the sandwich and ask the girl at tge counter, "did u forget to add Pate to my sandwich",  and she pointed to the little ass dot and said she added it. REALLY??? FOR $6 I expected to be able to see and taste the pate. Never coming here again. Overpriced$$$$
First I must say that this is the only Vietnamese sandwich place that I've ever been to. I know, but I just can't make myself go to South Philly! Anyway...

The women who own the shop, along with their cute moms who make the sandwiches, are so lovely! All of their food is made fresh and comes out hot and delicious.

I've tried the lemongrass tofu and lemongrass beef, both of which are delicious. My friend had the "house" banh mi, and while the appearance of the meats was a little off-putting (one piece of meat was completely clear...) he thought it was delicious. The house sandwich does have pate on it, and they will also put pate on the other sandwiches if you'd like. My boyfriend really likes to get the lemongrass beef with pate. Personally I really enjoyed to lemongrass tofu and will probably stick with that. The tofu is cut into thinner strips and then cooked on the grill till it's got a nice crisp skin on it. Delicious!

Their bread is sooo good- buttery and flaky outside with the perfect inside. I thought everything was really fresh and wonderful. The sandwiches are also good to eat a few hours later. I've transported my sandwiches to West Philly and to Fishtown, and everything was still wonderful. Although it was pretty hard to resist having a bite in the transportation process...
Hidden gem status! It's a cute little Banh Mi restaurant but the inside is clean and well decorated. Friendly staff and cash only. I tried number 1, number 2 and number 5. All are delicious! Very authentic bread which is almost as good as Vietnamese bread in Vietnam. chicken and bbq pork have a similar lemongrass taste- a little different from the traditionals but I liked it. You can also get Bun Rieu in a smaller size for $3.50 to try and I am happy to say that it tastes pretty authentic, i love how spicy it is. The Viet coffee can improve a little bit as it's watery and not enough condense milk. However over all I am very happy to find this place and will definitely come back. 

Tips: this restaurant is small and casual enough for you to dine alone comfortably. :) that's what I did! big ++++
I really really like Asian food. My palate is most accustomed and best trained toward Chinese cuisine in particular, but if there is Japanese, Thai, Viet, Malay, Korean, or Burmese around, I will absolutely pounce on it, tongue hanging out, mouth juices flowing. So when I came to Philadelphia a few years ago, I was pretty disappointed to find that almost all of the sit-down restaurants in Chinatown were not overwhelmingly impressive. Most fall in the "quick, convenient, and good enough that I can eat here fairly often but if the prices were any higher it'd be game over" category.

So WOWZA was I pleased to discover this bright orange, borderline shack in front of the Friendship Gate that serves some of the best banh mi you will ever eat (especially in this part of Philly). I get tingly just thinking about the house special, with its flavorful combination of meats in perfect harmony with the assorted greens (and cilantro, yum!). Lemongrass chicken is also a winner. The bread is full-bodied and toasted to just the right texture. Get it spicy, and make sure they give you jalapenos instead of substituting them for cucumbers (lamesauce, if you ask me). The staff is super friendly and accommodating - the elderly woman who makes the banh mi is definitely a contender for most adorable thing to have ever existed.

Each one comes out to about $5 a pop, which is a bit pricey for Ctown but at the same time, quite cheap for any other neighborhood. They are also not the largest sandwiches you'd find in Philadelphia, but trust me, it is still worth every penny. 

Protip: Pay in cash! They do accept credit here but will additionally charge you tax and a $1 processing fee.
5 years later, it's finally time for me to write this review.

The house special banh mi is absolutely amazing. Fresh baguette that the owners get every morning (sometimes they run out of bread late in the afternoon), thinly cut Vietnamese ham, all of the accommodating vegetables (can make it spicy by adding jalapeño), fresh pate on the bread. I don't think I can describe how much I like this banh mi. I've been to Vietnam recently, and I don't think I found a banh mi there that I liked more than this place.

During college I got banh mis from here every single time I visited Chinatown, and we always brought some back. The trick is to ask them not toast the bread for the ones you take out. Then back at home, put your oven to 350 degrees, wrap the sandwiches in foil, and toast for about 7 minutes. They taste as good as new.

Now that I am in California, I constantly crave this place. Finally got a chance to visit philly for the weekend, and I brought some sandwiches back on the plane with me. Let's see if they survived the plane ride.
I have been on a quest for the best Vietnamese hoagie in Philly. Right now, I am working down the Chinatown area (of course I started in South Philly).
Although this was only the second place I have tried in Chinatown, it is high on the list. Not quite as good as my joint on Christian, but the lemon grass chicken was really good. I could have used some more kick to the sandwich, but all in all, when I am working in Center City, and I need my Vietnamese hoagie fix for lunch, I will certainly go here. It is a bit more expensive then its South Philly counter-parts, but certainly falls well below the price tag on the average CC lunch out.
Definitely the best Bahn Mi I've ever had. It's very fresh and flavorful. I always have the QT special and it never disappoints me. And their noodle soup is good too.
QT Vietnamese Sandwich is my favorite place to get banh mis. The QT Special is my go to everytime; it has a bit of everything -- pate, fishcake, meat, sliced pickled carrots, cilantro, jalapeno. I love that banh mis have the perfect balance of salt, fat, acidity and makes for a delicious snack or meal. The prices here are very cheap and reasonable too! Of course they also serve drinks and other food items like noodles and rice platters but I've only really ordered banh mis here, and also the summer rolls one time. Their version of the summer rolls is a bit different and smaller than other pho places but they are pretty good too.
I feel like it's difficult to find a sandwich the meets both my expectations for the filling and the bread. In this case, the bread is better than most in the area since it has a decent crunch on the outside and isn't all flat. The tofu in the Lemongrass Tofu Banh Mi is nicely seasoned. However, there isn't enough veggies, cilantro, and peppers with the ratio of bread. Usually by the time I get to the second half, I feel like I've eaten more bread than anything else. The flavor is good, but I guess it's the overall texture of when you take a full bite of the sandwich that's missing the mark for me. 

The Thai Tea was very disappointing. It was not cloying sweet, which was great, but it lacked strength and flavor. It didn't have that classic Thai Tea taste. It mostly tasted of sweet milk. Not bad, but not what you look for in Thai Tea. 

The price is right for the portion size, and the gentleman working the truck is friendly and happy to answer questions. The wait is never too bad. They make all the sandwiches fresh too. 

I visited their truck both times instead of the brick and mortar store location. For a Banh Mi in the University City area, it's a good choice. However, I wouldn't go out of the way to visit. I hope to try their soups once the weather gets cooler.
Got the Vietnamese Beef Bahn Mi. At first glance, I thought the meat was too scant and bread too voluminous.

The baguette bread was soft, doughy and flavorful. It would have been excellent on it's own. This allows it to dominate the sandwich without raising concern.

The meat was savoury, well executed, and sweet. The sandwich balanced this beef with a light and citrusy aioli. 

Atop the sandwich were light and crispy cucumbers and carrots that complemented, but didn't dominate the flavor profile.

This bahn mi was very good. Definitely give it a try if you're in Philly's Chinatown.
After hearing about Banh Mi for awhile I decided I had to give it a try so my friend and I decided to head to QT in Chinatown. Unfortunately they were out of their normal bread so we didn't get the full effect of the sandwich. So my first tip for here is to go early because they are quite popular and make amazing and cheap sandwiches (less than 5 bucks) so they are in danger of running out. I had the lemongrass tofu and it was one of the best preparations of tofu I've ever had.  It was fantastic! The cucumbers, carrots, and cilantro really brightened up the sandwich and the fresh jalapeno (you need to ask for it) gave the sandwich a bright kick. They also have soups, noodles and rice dishes. I want to try those out too. I cannot wait to go back here and try their normal rolls.
What a great find in Philadelphia Chinatown!

We came here for looking for a quick dinner on a Sunday night. Kudos to our server who was very patient in explaining the menu items. This was helpful as we were overwhelmed with the amount of banh mi choices available. Our choice was the #1 QT special. The combination of the meats with the crunchy bread was a very tasty combination! The boba tea was delicious as well and was a perfect pairing for the sandwich!

I will be sure to visit again to try their other sandwiches. Delicious food and friendly service!
Yummy yummy yummy summer rolls in my tummy!

As promised, I ventured back to Q.T. to try out the summer rolls, opting for the chicken version.  My $3 provided me three fat rolls about 6" in length filled with lettuce, carrots, vermicelli, sauteed lemongrass chicken and (I think) a smidgen of finely chopped peanuts accompanied by a little cup of a chili-vinegar-oil dipping sauce.  They were not the best summer rolls I have ever had in that the chicken was a tiny bit dry and they were a little heavy on the vermicelli.  However, for the price, they were out of this world!

I also got a $5 large order of the chicken noodle pho that ended up yielding three generous bowls of noodles, tender chicken and a little jalapeno in a broth that was a little salty and simply flavored, but quite pleasant.

A lemongrass chicken sandwich (purchase for my husband, as I couldn't even come close to finishing my rolls and soup) was just as delicious as the first one I bought.

The service was again delightful, and this place could quickly turn into an addition.
I've been wanting to try QT for a while now.  I finally made an excuse to stop by.  
The QT special is very good.  I love the pâté.  I'd recommend that you make sure whichever sandwich you order has pâté on it.  One of the things that I always look for in a sandwich is balance.  QT makes perfectly balanced sandwiches.  There isn't an overflow of any ingredient.  The bread is light with a soft crustiness.  

I've heard great things about the chicken, and I can't wait to try the lemongrass tofu.  I will definitely be back to try some more sandwiches. 

They sell cans of coconut water.  A perfect pairing for a bahn mi.
for less than $10 you can get a lemongrass tofu bánh mì (say make it vegan and they'll hold the mayo) and bowl of pho chay (vegan pho!)

this is all i need to know to come here pretty much every other day..
My Favorite Old Lady in Chinatown

To my favorite old lady in Chinatown,
I don't think you ever frown,
Your sandwiches pick me up when I am down,
and it seems they are of much renown.

Language barrier? There's none in this place.
you blew it to bits with your smiling face.
Our conversation about your past was very amusing
If I don't order by number, things will get confusing.

The chicken banh mi is something I savor,
It has a great crunch and a light(but filling) flavor.
The lemongrass tofu is really good, too
a little sriracha and I'm happier than a pig in poo.

So carry on, old lady, with your sandwich shop clad in orange,
I ..
oh dammit.
The QT sandwich is the best banh mi I've ever had in my life and I've tried banh mis in Vietnam. The quality of the Vietnamese meats stood out and the cracked pepper in the pate was phenomenal. So authentic and delish! Well done, QT Vietnamese Sandwich!
Fantastic sandwiches. Got the QT special for $6.50, and it's incredibly filling and cheap! Bread was crispy and airy. Meat was fresh and loved the sauce and touch of cilantro in it. Definitely a great spot to get food that's cheap And convenient
I came to visit Phillie for the week and was craving banh mi so, with the help of the almighty internet, I ended up here. 

Being Vietnamese and also from northern VA, I've definitely had my fair share of banh mi and also many varieties of banh mi so I am very critical when it comes to judging banh mi sandwiches.

My boyfriend and I bought 4 banh mi (house special, chicken, bbq pork & pork) and a thai bubble tea. First off, the thai bubble tea was too sweet and watery for me. The tapioca wasn't as great as the ones I've had near home. As for the sandwiches, the bbq pork was too salty for our taste. I think the bbq pork was already very salty and they added liver pate to the bread which made it even more salty. The house special, chicken, and pork were absolutely delicious. We especially love the chicken and pork because they were sauteed with lemongrass which really enhance the flavor. Those two sandwiches in particular were unlike anything that we've tasted before. 

There are, however, some problems that I have with these sandwiches. When I ordered, I asked for the pickled radish and carrots to be on the side because I didn't want them to make the sandwiches soggy. The lady behind the counter told me that I wouldn't have to worry about that because their pickled stuff is "dried, not wet like the usual". I thought to myself, what the fawk does that mean?? As it turns out, what she meant was that they don't have the pickled veggies that were supposed to be in a traditional banh mi sandwich...instead, what we got in our sandwich was some bleh-looking, shredded carrots. In addition, they didn't give us enough of the shredded carrots and cilantro for all our sandwiches so I do recommend just getting everything together with the sandwiches so all the ingredients are in good proportion. My other problem with this place is their bread. Though it is delicious, it is not the same bread that I am used to with the banh mi sandwiches. It is too crispy and not soft enough. I just think that if you're going to make banh mi sandwiches the main selling items at your shoppe, you should do it right.

For $4.95 a sandwich, I think it is a tad pricey for what you're getting. The place is also very small but you could eat at the location if you wanted to. When we got there around noon, there were two small table tops and a bar area waiting to be sat. The people behind the counter making the sandwiches are very nice and courteous, especially the old lady--- she seems so sweet (...and here I am bashing her sandwiches).

Locally, I can see why people give this place 4 starsbecause it's kinda hard to find a decent place that sells banh mi in Phillie and the shoppe definitely has potential to grow. For a small place, they definitely have alot of items on the menu such as different types of smoothies, drinks, and Vietnamese dishes besides the banh mi sandwiches. However, when comparing this shoppe to other similar ones that I've been to outside of Phillie, it is a 3 stars type of establishment. 


----------------------
***Update: We returned a week later to try the lemongrass tofu banh mi sandwich that everyone raved about on yelp and it tasted like cardboard....must be all the vegans & vegetarians raving about the one item on the menu that they can eat. Bleh. Some people have such awful taste in food.
I passed by this place before hopping on the greyhound bus back to nyc, it's right next to the station so a very convenient grab and go place! Their bahn mi was soo good! I had the house special sandwich, apart from all the delicious veg meat carb combination, the jalapeño really gives the sandwich a nice kick! Will def eat there again when I'm back in Philly in a couple of weeks!
Banh mi are fast becoming my favorite kind of sandwich. Italian style hoagies are still up there, but these vietnamese sandwiches seem like they are healthier and they taste great too. The bread at QT is exemplary. Perfectly toasted. Soft inside. So, so good. I think I like the veggies than go into these sandwiches (cucumber, carrots, cilantro and jalapeno) more than the usual stuff they put on western sandwiches (lettuce, tomato, onion, pickle). The meats are tasty too. I got pork in mine. $5. I think I could eat one of these for lunch everyday and not get tired of it. Maybe.
I have tried two sandwiches, the #1 QT Special and #7 Pork. 

The special sandwich has a good combo of quality Vietnamese cold cuts, pickled shredded carrots, a thin layer of peppery, mild pate, and very thick layer of mayo. The pate was too doctored up for me and the excess of mayo off-putting. I was disappointed that the pickles didn't include daikon. The bread was nicely toasted.

I prefer the pork sandwich, which is actually tender stir fried pork belly. The peppery pate and an extra order of carrots complement the flavorful meat. This time they did not put much mayo, which I appreciated immensely. 

While QT definitely serves the best banh mi in Chinatown, I still prefer the more traditional version you get at Ba Le Bakery. I want pate that tastes like liver and thick-cut pickled daikon and radish. Don't get me wrong, QT is good - I just like my banh mi the way I had it growing up.
I've had mediocre bahn mi more times than I've had good bahn mi, so I take it pretty seriously. First of all, the shop has no distinctive signage (cue me walking around Chinatown with my phone GIS out looking for the store). First look for phocali, then walk a little on the same street to find it!

Inside, the store is much nicer than I would expect and you could easily eat in alone or with a few other people. The two women at the counter were really sweet taking my order. But...the beef bahn mi sandwich is truly great and what will keep me coming back. For a little under $5, you get a huge portion of beef and a great combination of flavors. I had it yesterday and am already thinking about when I can next sneak back for lunch!
My FAVORITE Vietnamese sandwich joint in Philly, and I've tried the big guns Ba Le and O Sandwich in south philly a few times.

The sandwiches are around $1.50-2.00 more expensive ($4.75 or $4.95), but the big flavor, awesome bread, and freshness cannot be beat!  

They've got the staple house sandwich (yum), but also crowd pleasing choices such as grilled vietnamese pork (fav!), bbq pork, lemongrass chicken, tofu,beef (good!), tofu with onions and mushrooms (eh) ,etc.  They've got great pate which you can have on any sandwich and fresh spicy jalepenos! I love the pickled carrots, which are shredded, and just the right balance of tangy and sweet.

All the meats are cooked to order which is amazing, and the sandwiches come toasted and warm.  

The shrimp rolls and soups are fabulous.

and now with the expanded the seating area from 3 barstools to a real seating area I will lunch here more than I already do.

GO NOW! You will not be disappointed!
QT has pretty good banh mi.  The sandwiches come nicely toasted, perfectly crusty, but they could use more meat & filling.  BBQ pork itself was tasty, but there wasn't enough of it so that the sandwich ends up a bit lacking in flavour.  Some bites were mostly just bread.

I wouldn't recommend the coconut juice w/ tapioca.  It was super sweet so it didn't taste like coconut at all -- just tasted like sweetener.  Not great.

Service was great.  We were served by an older woman who is super cute, very sweet and nice, in a grandmotherly kind of way.  Cheerful & cozy little place.  I'd definitely come back to try more of the banh mi.
I'm usually disappointed with banh mi in NYC and was excited to eat banh mi in Philly since there is a bigger Vietnamese population. I'm so glad I came here! This seriously reminds me of banh mi back home in California. I had the QT sandwich which is banh mi dac biet (Vietnamese pork cold cuts). There was a good portion of meat to baguette (I hate it when places give you like 1 slice of each cold cut). Thankfully the baguette was not too hard where it cuts into the roof of your roof; a good amount of crisp. The banh mi was also a good size. I was easily full after finishing the whole thing. The only downside was there was not a lot of pate and not a lot of pickled veggies. If I'm ever in Philly again, I will make sure I make a stop here!
The Lemongrass Tofu hoagies here are really as close to perfection as a you can get. Everytime I unwrap one, I feel like it should be in a Banh Mi photo shoot - they're perfect. The Banh Mi Bunnies - mmmm. 

Ok, too far. Anyway, the rolls have just the right amount of crunch & chewiness. Tofu is lemony and delicious, with just the right amount of spice and the texture from the cucumber & carrots makes the whole thing taste fresh. In all - delicious.
They accept credit card. Excellent sandwiches, the bread is super crispy and all of the meats are delicious. Big fan of their BBQ pork. Tight menu. Along with banh mi, they also have rice noodles, bun rieu and bun chay, summer rolls, and boba. The interior is pretty small and has 2 stools and 2 tables to sit and dine. Looks to be mostly a take out place.
I absolutely looooove their lemongrass tofu hoagie!! 

I've been on a hunt for the perfect vegetarian banh mi and I must say QT's was absolutely divine! Minus one star for the increased pricing. No matter the location, all banh mi should be $3 max.
Q.T. Vietnamese Sandwich at North 10th (Between Arch and Filbert) is a welcome addition to Chinatown serving up delicious Vietnamese Hoagies and interesting soups with a great big smile, at really reasonable prices. 

The place is a clean, simple set up with a couple of bar stools if you want to enjoy your food there--and the service is very sweet.  

The hoagies are their specialty, but there are many other options on the menu, including soups like one I tried that had pineapple, tofu and mushrooms--an interestingly tasty combo!
I was a huge fan of Vietnamese subs in Boston, and I was disappointed to find that Vietnamese subs are translated a little bit differently in Philly. Q.T. opened this year, and I've been going there weekly even though its a 30 -minute drive for me. 

The sandwiches are yummy yummy yummy. I highly recommend the Lemongrass Tofu and the BBQ Pork. 

What really sets this place apart from the other sandwich places from the rest of the South and North Philly Vietnamese sub shops are the crispy, crunchy bread and the sweet service. Their generosity with vegetables (carrots, cilantros, and green peppers) is also a plus. 

I DARE you to try this place. You won't regret it.
Was turned on to this place about 30 days ago... have probably had 20 Q.T. hoagies since then. So yeah, this place rules. Cheap prices, super fresh ingredients, nice staff, small clean shop... all the key ingredients needed for a great sandwich joint.

Have tried each sandwich at least once. The bread this place uses is UNBELIEVABLE! Crusty french baguette - the perfect compliment/texture for the fresh veggies, spicy meats of the sandwich. Similar to the bread Tony Luke uses for cheesesteaks (much better than the Amoroso rolls everyone else serves). These sandwiches are almost "refreshing" in that the fresh veggies and spice compliment one another so well that you feel clean and energized after eating. 

Highly recommend the barbequed pork sandwich. 

Steer clear of any sandwich with the "Vietnamese Meat" in it... I am not totally sure, but I think this particular cold cut may have cartilage in it, that or hard coagulated fat. Glad I tried it so I know what it is/tastes like, but these translusent "chunks" are kinda gross if you aren't expecting them.

Anyway, Q.T.  =  Cheap and Delicious... check it out.
I pick up a sandwich from this place probably 3 times a week. This was the first place I ever tried a bahn mi sandwich, but after having a few around the city, it's still my favorite. Sure, it's a little more expensive then the places on Washington and the surrounding area always smells like rotten garbage (welcome to Chinatown!), but I feel my $1.50 is well worth it. As Center City goes, it's still a great deal for lunch.

On any given day the staff consists of one of two mother/daughter teams. They are really polite and attentive. After spending so much time here I sort of wish I had a little Vietnamese grandma. 

Most people come for the sandwiches and they are all good. My favorite definitely being the grilled pork, extra spicy. The shrimp rolls are also pretty tasty. The soups look amazing, but I've yet to try one.

Tip: Call ahead and forego standing shoulder to shoulder in the cramp space while they make your sandwich.
I really wanted to like this place after all I've read about it.  I decided to stop in on Saturday afternoon and finally try it out since it seems to be all the rave on Yelp.  There was only one person ahead of me fortunately, so no line or anything.  It's a perfectly sized place for taking out.

I ordered both the lemongrass tofu and lemongrass chicken, and went halfsies with my dad.  The bread was disheartening.  I would almost guess that it wasn't fresh.  The internal stuff wasn't anything to write home about either.  Although the tofu was the better of the two.  The chicken was a bit dry.  

Given all they hype and great reviews, I do intend to give them another shot and update my review.  The service was friendly, and the place was quaint and clean.  Perhaps it was just an off day.
This place is sort of hard to see from the street but it's worth the hunt. I've sampled both tofu Bánh mì and the lemongrass tofu is my favorite. The baguettes are baked fresh and they taste it. 

The place only seats like 6 or 7 people max but the service is great and they accept credit cards.
The banh mi special is good, with a good blend of meats, but not the best in the area.  You have to go to South Philly for that.  However, the service is friendly and it is convenient for a cheap, quick lunch if you work near Chinatown.  It's more expensive than other places but if you disregard the price comparisons, then it is a good value.
Cute and friendly owners is always a plus in my book!
I tried the viet hoagies twice and both times were very satisfying.
Stopped by here for a quick bite. I had the original Vietnamese banh mi and a taro bubble tea drink. The sandwich was good with the right kind of bread, but the bubble tea wasn't, bland. Small place with only 2 small tables to sit. Price wasn't too bad and the service was good.
I have been coming to this place since I was in high school and I love it everytime. This place has by far the best banh mi i've ever had (and i've had a good amount). 

Normally, I stick to the traditional banh mi's but this place is my only exception. I always get the lemongrass tofu or the mushroom and onion banh mi. I am not vegetarian but this banh mi would definitely convert me. 

Their shop is fairly small and are not allowing people to dine in due to covid restrictions. The banh mi's don't take too long to make. If you're hesitant to try this place, I definitely say give it a try. You will not regret your decision. 

If you do go, I recommend asking for their hot chili oil if you like super spicy. They sell it separately in a small jar and I warn you that a little bit goes a LONGGGGG way.
Upgrade for their Lemongrass Tofu banh mi. I think this will be my go-to for a quick banh mi fix.
Def had better banh mi in the city. The bread was almost like stale bread that had been attempted to be revived. The meat was so so, lacked flavor and everything just seemed not fresh. The chicken summer roll was sad and limp. The ice coffee was decent tho.
I was a big fan of QT before I became a vegan and I'm pleased to have options now there as well. The lemongrass tofu is my favorite variety. This place is super small, no nonsense, and very quick. Even during lunch rush, I've barely had to wait. 
My only complaint is that there is a charge for additional veggies and because the vegan variety doesn't contain mayo it would be slightly dry otherwise. This review would be 5 stars if they got some vegan mayo!
An awesome small banh mi shop. They really have the best Vietnamese sandwiches. I was hooked to their bread. The baguette was  crispy from the outside and soft from the inside. They absolutely got the best baguettes! The filling was fresh and delicious! The prices were pretty good $5.50-$6.50  and .50 for extra veggies. Make sure you have cash with you!
Great vegan options for an affordable price.  I would say my bread was a little harder on the ends than I would've liked, but I'm a big fan of the lemongrass tofu marinade. The soup I ordered was sweet, light and hit the spot. Delivery man was also very nice.
This was honestly the worst sandwich I have ever consumed. I got the lemongrass chicken and I couldn't finish it...it was that bad. I watched the woman heat up the chicken (pre-cooked) and it tasted exactly like canned chicken with mayo, and was still cold when she gave it to me. "Pickled vegetables" included a few carrots. AND I was completely overcharged, but the lady didn't speak enough English to understand. I was so disappointed...I had hoped this place would be like Baoguette in NYC, but no luck (and double the price). Never again will I step foot in here. Stay away
Yay for hole-in-the-wall banh mi places! I had a lemongrass pork banh mi with everything, and Heather had the one with tofu and mushrooms. She had never had banh mi, and I'm glad this was her introduction, as it was really well executed. The bread was yeasty, crusty, soft and warm--the real four food groups--and the vegetables hit just the right balance. I also got a "small" Vietnamese noodle soup, which had enough umami booster stages to launch me into savory orbit. They were practically falling over themselves to get just the perfect level of spice for us, and as we ate, content regulars chatted happily with the staff.
Not enough to justify a $6.50 banh mi. Bread isn't fresh nor is it made in house and is pretty much your typical hoagie style-- not the crispy airy bread of a traditional banh mi. Fillings were fine but not very generous for the price you're paying. My group and I were so disappointed in the sandwiches so much so that we didn't finish the ones from QT and went elsewhere for a more authentic banh mi.
It is so hard to find true, authentic, Vietnamese sandwiches in the US (well on the East coast anyway). This is one of the few places that actually delivers. It's a teeny, unassuming little hole in the wall that has some of the nicest, friendliest, staff preparing AMAZING food. Yes, the lemongrass tofu is amazing, but the house special is where it's at.
Wow - I just had an awesome sandwich!

On my first visit to Q.T.  Banh Mi to grab a late take-out lunch on a Saturday, I went with the chicken lemongrass banh-mi.  It was assembled in about 5 minutes and the result was an excellent pocket of crusty French bread filled with flavorful sauteed chicken slices, carrots, cucumber, jalapeno and cilantro.  This sandwich also yielded change (only $0.05, but still change) from a five.

While I was waiting, a plate of delicious looking summer rolls came out, helping me decide what to order on my next visit, which will likely be soon.  If they live up to their appearance, they will take Q.T. right up to 5 stars!
The sandwich is good, but the weird part is that..before even making my sandwich...they made me pay for it first which was awkward because the lady didn't wash her hands after touching money. Then she continued to make my sandwich....
Holy sandwich, batman.

The banh mi is so good here it should be a contolled substance. 

Anyone who knows me knows two things: a) I'm not really a sandwich person and b) I'm really not a lunch meat person. So, for me to get excited about sandwich (aside from my one true love, the cheesesteak) takes a lot and O.T's "house special" hit the nail on the head and the "damn!" button in my mouth.

Also worth mentioning their rice soup (congee), is the best I've had since I was in Thailand and at only $2.00 for a small portion, they'll be seeing me at least once a week. 

Oh and the service, quite possibly the 2 nicest ladies in the city.
Ran by a young lady and her grandmother (?).  Not sure of the relation but I'd like to think that's it. Q.T. is a tiny banh mi (Viet sandwhich) joint with couple of stools and a table for four. From the outside can be easily overlooked, but inside the walls are bright/obnoxious orange. The banh mi's are tasty but probably a little more than you'd expect to pay (about $5-7 per sandwich). The size is a bit awkward for my stomach, because they're not big enough to satisfy your hunger but not small enough to order two. It takes forever* for them to put it together! The French bread is crisp on the outside and soft on the inside, but a warning, if you come towards closing hours the bread will be stale. I prefer to come here during the early-afternoons since that's when the bread is most fresh and the meat is just being cooked. Yummy. My favorites are the house special (Vietnamese ham, pate, lettuce, cucumbers, shredded carrots, cilantro and mayo) and the lemongrass beef. Definitely add Viet pate and jalapenos on your banh mi, they make a big tasty difference. They also serve rice dishes, fruit smoothies, milk tea and a couple breakfast items.
*And by "forever" I mean about 15-20 mins, even if you're the only person in the place. Not your typical fast sandwich joint.
"Is a Vietnamese place really going to have good bread?" It wasn't a slight, just a product of my upbringing in a white bread town where McDonald's sweet and sour sauce was a stamp on your ethnic cuisine passport. Asians do rice, Italians do pasta, and the Irish are too drunk to do anything at all. Heyyo! I kid, I kid. Food ignorance/casual racism aside, this place can make great things happen in between a fantastic baguette.

The Lemongrass chicken bahn mi is where it's at. There isn't a ton of lemongrass flavor, but you can almost do no wrong on this baguette (almost, see below). Some of the birds must have flew the coop and made a Chicken Run-type escape because the meat was sparse and it sort of threw off the bread-to-fillings ratio. No matter, the quality of the vegetables and sauce (fish sauce, maybe?) make this a winner.

The house specialty is, well, the House Special bahn mi. Chicken, barbecue pork, compressed pig ears, pate mayonnaise and the usual suspects of cucumber, cilantro, carrot, and jalapeno fill out the line up. A lot of people are big fans of this, but it's about as special as a romantic night out with Snooki.

Fairly thin and processed with the ethics of Spam, the meat looks like what you'd find in those Lunchables you packed for lunch in elementary school. If Lunchables had a compressed pig version. And even for someone who counts Sriracha as one of his desert island items regardless of the availability of food, it had too much heat.

Put Q.T. on your list of must trys and choose wisely. You'll be rewarded.
This was my first time trying a bahn mi!  My friends and I went down to Chinatown for a bahn mi pre-dinner snack followed by pho for dinner.  It was in the upper 90s that day, but this bahn mi hit the spot.  The restaurant is very small with only two small tables to seat customers.  You order at the counter, and the service was impeccable.  The girls working there were extremely friendly, gave lots of recommendations, and proceeded to tell us their favorite places in Chinatown when we explained our intentions of exploring asian food options in Philadelphia.  We ordered the House Special Bahn Mi Sandwich and the Barbecue Pork Bahn Mi Sandwich and split them among four of us.  They were five dollars each, which would be extremely worth it for a complete meal, since the sandwiches are very large.  I enjoyed the house special more than the pork, but both were absolutely delicious.  The sandwiches were made using a baguette, and they felt very fresh and healthy.  However, we ordered jalapeno peppers on them, and yet the sandwiches were not at all spicy (I couldn't find any peppers, so they were probably not there...).  They probably would have been better with a kick, so I will be sure to try that next time.  Q.T. is definitely a must-try!
I came in here really wanting to love the banh mi. The young woman who took my order was sunny and friendly, which made me want even more to love the banh mi. But sheer willpower would not get me past the flavorless meat fillings, the lack of pickled flavor in the vegetables, or the blandness when I requested my sandwich spicy.

I will say that the bread was delicious and perfectly toasted, and I thought the paté was actually pretty phenomenal. But that just wasn't enough to rescue this sandwich. I won't be coming back, which kind of pains me because that woman at the counter really brightened my day!
I stumbled onto this place, yelped it, and decided to go in. After looking at reviews, I opted for the lemongrass tofu. It's not very flavorful but was still good. I asked for mine spicy, but I wasn't sure if they actually made it spicy. That was a question mark to me. 

After eating half, the woman behind the counter asked me if I was vegetarian. they have different recommendations for vegetarians vs. non-vegetarians. You might say "Duh!" but I mean different tofu recommendations. The lemongrass is less flavorful, so strict vegetarians are usually ok with this one. However, the tofu with onions and mushrooms is what they recommend for meat-eaters. I guess i fit that category since I do eat meat but not a lot of it and usually prefer vegetables. So, I ended up ordering another banh mi with tofu, onions, and mushrooms to save it for later. That one is a lot more flavorful. This is a popular place for vegetarians. And the price is good. The workers are really friendly! 

P.S. No water cups. BYO bottle or buy.
Breakfasted here while in Philly and was treated to coffee and chicory which, somehow, despite my very specific sugar and cream needs, was made just like I like it.  Better, even.  

The lemongrass tofu sandwich, if not a strange choice for breakfast, was amazing: spicy jalepeno!  And it was so very fresh: the carrots and lemongrass, especially.  The bread was nice; the tofu, awesome.

This cool, low-key joint opens at 8 a.m. and has just really nice staff and cheery orange walls.
For some strange reason, I doubted that I could get a real banh mi in Philly. I got a weird, carnal craving one saturday and decided to ride down to chinatown for a cheap lunch. I was not disappointed.

I got their house special, which was pretty classic fare. A cute little old lady took my order and heated up my baguette...wait, that sounds ridiculous. Anyway, it was good.

I thought it was too expensive, compared to the baoguette in Chinatown New York, but it's actually a really large sandwich. I struggled to finish the whole sandwich, and I don't think the extra stiff baguette helped the matter.

Brad's rating (out of 5):
Price: 3
Food: 5
Decor: whatevs, it's not like you're staying
Service: 5 
Wild card: You better bust out your where's waldo eyes, because I passed this place 2 times before I realized what a hole in the wall it was.
I've bahn mi-ning to tell you...that Q.T. Vietnamese Sandwich is *officially* delicious. At the insistance of a good friend, I stopped by this petite hole on in the wall during lunch a few months ago, and picked up a #9 - Lemongrass Tofu Bahn Mi.  I've been back once a week ever since.

I don't say this lightly...O.M. effing G. Crunchy veggies & the perfect amount of sauce sitting atop the most substantial tofu I've ever tasted in a sandwich. I would challenge anyone who is tofu-averse to tell me that it's not filling.  My officemate loves #2, the BBQ Pork, although I've never tried it.

This place is small, so a fun option would be to order the bahn mis to go and then walk over to Washington Square Park for a picnic. In the meantime, mosey on over to Q.T. ASAP!
For a while now, I've been craving for some Banh Mi and this was somewhat along my way home so I decided to give it a try.

I bought 2 of the House Special Banh Mi and it was good. But I still prefer Ba Le's, and the $2.50 Vietnamese Hoagies I grew up eating which don't exist anymore.
Great customer service (gave us exact estimate of how long it would take so we wouldn't miss our bus) and great sandwiches too! The bread was crisp on the outside and soft on the inside. Got the QT special which was delish. Only regret is not getting other sandwiches to take home and try the next day!
BBQ Pork Banh Mi have been a stable for me every time I'm craving for one when I'm around Chinatown area. I always get one with extra vegetables, they do charge for extra veg, but I'm good with that. As my parent says, NOTHING is free in this world, everything comes with a price in one way or another. QT deserves 5 star when it comes to take out/pick up. 

Today, I saw QT on Grubhub. So I have to place a order. I wanted something different so I got the Lemongrass Tofu banh mi and Thai tea. When I unwrap the wrap, I didn't feel the crunch. Banh mi lovers know one thing every banh mi have in common, it is the CRUNCHY bread. Maybe they forgot to toast my sandwich, bummer. Then the sandwich itself, taste too dry even with the extra vegetables. Thai tea lacks that Thai taste, I only taste the cream and sugar. I know I won't order those again.

Do have to give 5 stars for the delivery man as I received my order within half an hour.
Vietnamese sandwiches are inherently good deals. Compared to American sandwiches or other types, the Vietnamese sandwich will always give you the most bang for your buck. With that being said, there is still a standard in the world of banh mi's (Vietnamese sandwiches). 

This place, as with many others, is a hole in the wall. There are about 16 seats, including bar stools and chairs. I don't think more than 6 people can actually fit in the place tho. It's like a shack more than anything else. The sandwiches are all $4.95. This is on the upper hand of banh mi prices. It's expensive, in short. Relatively, not so much.  

Other places in Chinatown are just as or nearly as expensive, unless you're going to Iron Tower Deli a couple blocks away who sell their sandwiches for sub $3.50.  I got the house special, which is the combination of sandwiches #2, 3, and 4 (see attached photos). I unfortunately did not ask for no mayo, but that was my fault obviously. 

The sandwich is about 2.25x the length of a dollar bill (again see attached photos). Decent sized. I'm used to bigger. They put a copious amount of cucumbers, carrots etc. The basic filling, and asked if I wanted spicy. Of course. However, I wasn't really spicy.. At all. They need to use spicier jalapenos or put more in! The meats are fine. Not as much, and not the authentic meat that I'm used to back in LA, but maybe that's  cost to coast differentiation. 

The sandwich was decent, and solid. Nothing more, nothing less. Nothing really special about this place. Oh, plus. The woman working in front speaks perfect English, and is funny. Tries to talk to the customers, and is friendly. An additional half star for a total of 4! I wouldn't come back here, but I think it's a decent option for banh mi.
I LOVE THIS PLACE!!  I'm so upset with myself that I haven't been here before as I'm always closeby.  The people who run and own this establishment are soooo nice and helpful.  I am Vietnamese and love me a good Bahn Mi so I knew what to get.  However, they were so helpful to my friend who never had one before.  He loved it!!  It is has a small seating area which my friend and I were lucky to grab a table.  We came at the perfect time.  I love that they have vegetarian options.  I got the Lemongrass tofu, extra spicy with extra veggies, which they kindly offered when I told them I can't stand cilantro.  The woman behind the counter told me that the tofu with onions and mushrooms is her favorite.  I'm getting that next!!  The bread...omg, delicious and still warm.  I'm pretty sure this place will start to get sick of seeing my face.
I loved it.  Followed the reviews and went with the house special bahn mi and asked for it a little spicy.  The heat was perfect. It's Philly, so the roll was of amazing taste and quality.  
Great service and tremendous value.  A hidden gem to which I shall return.
I got the #1 QT special since the lady said that's the best seller. It has a really nice balance when you get a little bite of the fresh veggies and the meat which has a lot of Asian flavor, which is what you're hoping for in a Vietnamese sandwhich shop . I liked that it wasn't too packed with meats so I didn't feel gross so eating one whole sandwhich can still be consider lite. I did really like the random hot peppers I'd find every few bites, but beware if you are not a spicy person since they pack a punch. I wished the veggies and meat were a little more even distributed, some bites were all meat and some veggies mostly. The bread was way too dry and tough for my liking. With some better bread, I think I would've really been impressed with the sandwhich. 
Overall, the flavors inside were very very good. It's a good meal to pick up as a change, but not something I'd plan for all week
Just an average place for getting Vietnamese sandwiches, I don't think there's many other options close by but for what it's worth I'd rather drive down to Washington Avenue and pick it up from Ba Le.  Just my two cents.
Downgrading my review based on my recent visit to QT. We haven't been here in a few months  and ordered a couple of banh mis to go. At first glance, I noticed there were some updates to the inside decor, and about a 10% increase in prices. Never the less, we ordered two banh mi dac biet (house specials)... We got home and opened our bag with two BBQ pork banh mis... On stale bread. 

Why'd you do us dirty, QT. .. You were one of our favorites until now.
QT Vietnamese Sandwich provides delicious banh mi but still doesn't beat Ba Le in my opinion. It's close, but it definitely fails to provide the pickled vegetables to my liking. Why? It doesn't have radish. The carrots are julienned very thinly so it kind of loses its full crunch power. The rest of the sandwich is very good though. I am adequately pleased with the meats in the dac biet and the baguette. 

I wouldn't count QT out over a few minor details because I am a harsh critic over banh mi. It definitely beats Ba Le for its convenient location though!

QT is a small shop with little space for sitting. Please note that it's best for take out orders.
After a small victory over the PPA, I decided to treat myself to lunch during the walk back to my car.  I managed to park right out front of QT's and decided I'd give them a try.  I've heard about Vietnamese Sandwiches before, but never had one prior to QTs.  

Overall, my House Special (Banh Mi Dac Biet) was fresh and tasty.  They made it spicy for me, which wasn't quite as spicy as I expected.  Every sandwich comes with cilantro, pickled carrots, jalapeno peppers, and cucumbers and is toasted.  I agree with some of the other posts that service can be slow, but will say they didn't seem to take that long to prepare my sandwich. $4.95 did seem a bit high for Chinatown lunch, but I don't have any other reference points for Vietnamese Sandwiches.

Also note, while they accept credit, there will be a small fee, so bring cash and make it easier on everyone!
Really strong and solid Vietnamese sandwich shop. Small, with limited seating (about 10 people max) in the lower part of Chinatown. Not a very robust Vietnamese menu (compared to a more traditional, Vietnamese restaurant) but you are coming here for the sandwich - not summer rolls. (Which they don't have).  Staff was super friendly - service was pretty fast - sandwich was pretty legit. Worth going to if you crave some a sandwich.
Best Banh Mi around. Amazing Bun Rieu noodle soup. This place is special. The nicest people too. Go now.
I ordered a sardine sandwich from here and it was good.  It was well-crafted, had great bread, and the sauce was amazing.  By the previous two sentences, this place should have at least a 3 star rating.  

So why did it get a 1 star rating?

Two words: Projectile vomiting.  I've eaten in some of the dirtiest hole in the wall restaurants in the United States and Asia and had never been as sick after eating that sardine sandwich.  Within four hours, I had horrendous diarrhea, then within the next few hours, the vomiting came.  The GI symptoms subsided after 48 hours of munching on Gatorade and bread, but that didn't stop the intermittent fevers that lasted the rest of the week.  

Needless to say after this experience, I won't be coming back.
Stopped by today after hearing rave reviews from my ex-coworker. (@ Yakitori Boy) The place is very small, but quaint. I ordered 2 house special banh mis, & a mango-lychee smoothie. After seeing the 2 cute little old ladies hand rolling some spring rolls, I quickly ordered 4 of those. Freshly made & fried spring rolls? I'm on it. The girl at the counter was so friendly and accommodating. I had asked 1 banh mi with no cucumber & 1 banh mi with no jalapenos & she asked twice just to make sure she got my order right. We chit chatted for a little while I was waiting for my spring rolls, she was super sweet. Compared to the banh mi I had from Ba Le Bakery, these were almost as good. The banh mi from Q.T was just the right size for my mouth & the bread wasn't too hard. The filling also didn't squish out as I bit into the sandwich. An all around win. 

Fresh yummy food for a great price, I will definitely be stopping back here for my banh mi fix.
The one thing I miss most about not working in Center City is this place. The most perfectly constructed sandwich I've ever put in my mouth. The rolls are slightly crunchy on the outside with the perfect buttery taste along w/ the yummy cilantro, jalapeno, pickled carrots, and marinated meat.....ahhhhhhhhhhhh thinking about the sandwich makes me want to make a special trip up to the city next weekend. Which I will now...
It is so delicious! My husband and I hike all the way to Chinatown just for their sandwiches. They have a good variety on the menu but we love #1, the House Special, so much we haven't yet tasted the others. Love the tasty cold cuts, pickles, the freshness of the vegie and especially their light and crispy baguette. For $4.95 it does not get better anywhere else.
Over the holidays, they renovated to provide more seating space. Now there is space inside to line up at lunch hour during the cold, cold winter.
I'm Chinese so I don't know Viet hoagies.  But having tried a few places in town, I still resort to this little shop.  The #1 is perfectly fine, if not on the small side.  I love every layer, from baguette ... to having jalapenos in them.  Its the only thing I order there.
Having been spoiled with amazing banh-mi in Boston, I was incredibly hesitant to go out of my comfort zone, but you can't go wrong with the spicy chicken sandwich!

Must get: spicy chicken
Meh: specialty sandwich
Missed: the tofu sandwich

Traditional banh-mi is a large baguette sandwich filled with all sorts of pickled vegetables, fresh greens and an assortment of cold cuts and pate. Turns out, my taste buds may have transitioned over the years and I would much recommend the chicken sandwich instead. QT is tucked away (granted in broad daylight) with an unassuming vertical QT sign. But don't let the 2-table sandwich shop fool you, as all of the sandwiches are made fresh in front of you with the bread freshly heated in the oven. I tried both the chicken and special sandwiches and I absolutely loved the chicken. It was fairly inexpensive, very filling and you have to get the house-special spicy sauce. The specialty sandwich, on the other hand, was a bit too much fat, but not enough texture and needed a bit more acidity to balance out the pate.

Long story short, this is a place you wanna stop by if you love sandwiches or just plain old good food.

Food: 5 stars
Service: n/a
Price: 5 stars
Ambiance: 3 stars
Too good to be true! A 12-inch, moderately stuffed sandwich for under $5 is hard to find. Now, I know what you're thinking: Can't you get that at Subway?" Why my fellow Yelpers, yes, you can, but at what cost? QT Sandwich is able to do what many Vietnamese Hoagie vendors or regular $5 deal sandwich vendors aren't able to do: Make a damn good sandwich that will have you coming back not once, but twice, thrice, may be four times per week, and not just because it's a convenient place to do lunch at when you're in the city. Though, the convenience does help. 

QT makes your sandwiches to order. For me, it has always been the lemongrass tofu (because I'm a vegetarian), but the mushrooms, tofu, and onions tastes great, too! 

QT toastes your crusty on the outside, but buttery and soft on the inside baguette, and then stuffs your sandwich with pickled carrots and daikon, cilantro, cucumbers, jalapenos (extra for me and the house sauce), and lemongrass tofu all on a nicely buttered bread with aioli. Eat it there while it's hot, or get it to go. Either way, you'll be satisfied with this gift from the sandwich gods! 

If by chance you're not craving a sandwich, their soups, noodles, and rice platters are excellents options, too! I've only had the lemongrass tofu rice platter (aside from the sandwich), but from what I've observed, they seem to make it just like Grandma's. Cuisine this authentic is hard to find, especially at such a rock bottom price. Go there. Order a sandwich, a rice platter, spring rolls, or boba tea. You won't be disappointed. 

Oh, but bear in mind, this place is not a 5-star restaurant aesthetically. So, if you're looking for that, then you might be disappointed with the layout and decor. If you're not, and you're just looking for a great place to chow down, then this place is for you! 

**One too many food comas I've developed after eating at this place during my lunch hour. And OH, does it take its time working its way out of your system. Productivity level flatlines at this point.
