When I moved from California to South Philly, I was happy that I could still get decent Mexican food from several places in the area, and the fact that most of them specialized in Puebla style Mexican food was a plus because it is my favorite regional Mexican food. Then I moved to Northern Liberties and I thought for sure my days of authentic Mexican fare were in the past, which led a single lonely tear to drip slowly down my cheek. Luckily the neighborhood made up for it in lovely cafes, delis and gastropubs.

Then, one day at work when I was absolutely famished, I found a menu for Que Chula Es Puebla. It was like a light shone on the menu from heaven and beckoned me to call. My coworkers all order from this place on a regular basis, and I was not disappointed to find they had all my favorite dishes there. 

The tacos are served either "traditional style" - cilantro/onions on a corn tortilla - or "with everything" or what I call gringo style - that has lettuce, tomatoes, sour cream and on a flour tortilla. I usually go with al pastor, but they have steak, shredded beef, carnitas, chicken, chorizo, and more. 

Even the tortas are served in authentic style with a wide and long buttery soft roll, crispy on the outside, with fresh avocados, lettuce, jalapenos, and cheese. My favorite is milanesa de res (breaded steak) or milanesa de pollo (breaded chicken). 

The sopes are also amazing here, the thick corn masa smothered with your choice of meat and covered with lettuce, tomatoes, onions, sour cream, and cheese.

I have yet to delve into the platters but will get to that someday!
It's slim pickins if you're looking to grab a burrito in Fishtown.  

Sure, you could go to Dos Segundos or El Camino Real in Northern Liberties - but what if you want something more authentic? Or better yet - what if you want delivery?

Cheap, better than average, authentic Mexican food gets four stars from me.

Tip: Dress warmly if you are dining in the restaurant this winter, I wish they would crank the heat a bit more.
I've always liked coming here for the tasty tacos. It recently changed ownership, and the pastor tacos were off the hook! Service was great, and the interior seems to have gotten a face lift.
I have passed Que Chula Es Puebla on my bike a few times since it opened earlier this year. Because I have the inclination to enjoy most Mexican food that I eat, I was expecting to enjoy Que Chula (almost) no matter what I came across.

When I walked in with my friend Lulu, they were blasting (what I think was) Mexican music. Further, I think we were the only native English speakers. This joint felt authentic. Without asking, they turned down the music a bit for us. The place was mostly empty, but clean and generally nice. We sat down right away, and were brought complementary chips. Our server, who I would guess to be one of the owners, was an adorable Mexican woman. She was sweet and attentive.

We ordered guacamole and chips as an appetizer, and I ordered a slow-roast pork grilled burrito while Lulu got a chimichanga. The guacamole was not the best I've ever had. But for being at 2nd and Master on the 2nd day of spring, I was impressed. Our food took a while, but neither of us minded. When it arrived, we had huge portions in front of us. We both got to the point in our meal where we could have stopped eating and been full, but it tasted so good that we didn't want to stop. In case I haven't made my point, the food really was delicious. Moreover, when you consider that everything was slightly less than $20, it was even more awesome.

I think I've already said enough to sell people on this place. But there is more: BYOB and free delivery. I like to support local businesses, but Que Chula seems to have everything going for it. The menu is extensive enough for me to go back a few times and enjoy myself. Tacos, burritos, and other dishes can be filled with fish, meat or veggies. I would be hard NOT to find something to enjoy here. This is probably the best food you can get in the price range. If you want to go here, let me know. I am down.
OK - SO ...I am not going to bore you with a long review because you absolutely cannot go wrong here. PLEASE go there if you are even looking at this place as a possibility.

Guacamole
Chorizo Tacos 
Fish Tacos
Roasted Pok Tacos

All AMAZING! Wow. I can't wait to go back. 

BYOB makes it five stars! Authentic Mexican served by Mexican people, offbeat location in an unassuming but EXTREMELY clean environment. (I am sorry - but normally the bathrooms are sooooo gross but this one was absolutely spotless, smelled good and looked good) And...I hear that if you bring your own tequila they will make you fresh margaritas. HELLO!

This is our new "the place" when we go to Philly for the day with the fam ....and I don't see it changing any time soon.
So, just a short walk north of Girard, there's a Mexican place that gives complementary chips and beans, huge portions, AND is BYOB? Count me in! For the chips, green salsa was a bit better than the red.

Unlike the other Mexican places in No Libs/Fishtown, this one has the nopales, tamales, and rellenos that you probably haven't had in a minute if you frequent places nears the Commons or those taco trucks on Girard. I'm from an area with a lot of quality Mexican restaurants on one block, and this place comes the closest to what I find to be my favorite style! The cooks in the back are chatting it up and you can see them making everything quickly and oh so fresh. Tamales were definitely home made, maybe needed a little more sauce, but it was jammed with meat!

I probably wouldn't get the thin steak again, but the rice and beans, chile rellenos, tamale, mole enchilada, green onions, and shrimp have me craving another date at Que Chula Es Puebla! Looks like the reviews point to a no for delivery, but for a good value eating in, most definitely.
I was in Philadelphia for three weeks on a feature shoot and I knew I was going to need some off set sustenance. Craft services really dropped the ball on this production, I'm pretty sure the cooks just flat out forgot salt half the time. Attention to anyone who is charge of crafty and meals for film sets. WRAPS ARE A TERRIBLE OPTION. NO ONE WANTS SOGGY ASS TORTILLAS WITH LIMP LETTUCE AND TOMATOES AROUND BLAND-ASS KNOCKOFF BOAR'S HEAD "TURKEY" MEAT.

Lucky for me, this place was just two blocks down the street from where I was staying.

My God what a find! The service was fast, the selection was beyond my expectations (Tortas de Cabeza? Tacos de Lengua AND Tripa? I was in Mexi-heaven), cheap, AND it's all damn delicious to boot.

I ate here four times over the three weeks. Overnight shoots can be a real bitch when it comes to "free time" during normal hours. I wasn't disappointed ONCE.

Tacos de suadero- Succulent and juicy
Tacos de chorizo- Spiced just right
Torta de cabeza- HUGE serving, a little on the soggy side but that just made it more fun to eat. Meat was tender and flavorful. Nice ration of mayo and other ingredients.
Tacos de tripa- Take me now Lord. I haven't had tacos this good since I was visiting family in Chihuahua.

They make their own salsa as well, which is great cause they'll give you both their red chipotle (smoky, spicy enough to leave a mark but kind enough to leave when the party is over) and salsa verde (It's really goddamn good. You can taste the freshness of the jalapeno and cilantro) with small complimentary plate of homemade tortilla chips. By the way, the chips also come topped with beans and cheese as a standard.

I can't recommend this place enough.

If you're ever in The Fishtown neighborhood of Philadelphia, and you got a craving that only your mama/tia/abuela's food can fulfill, haul ass to Que Chula es Puebla!
This review is for the shrimp fajitas. To my disappointment the shrimps and bell peppers lack of flavor although the veggies are fresh and perfectly cooked. The refried beans is very runny and not appetizing. The red Mexican rice is the ok. It comes with warm tortillas. I don't recommend this at all.
I just recently discovered this great little Mexican byob. Sure, Dos Segundos or El Camino are fine choices if you're in the area and you want margaritas & a trendy atmosphere, but sometimes you just want no-frills Mexican food. Up a little farther on 2nd street, past the Northern Liberties crowds lies Que Chula Es Puebla. 

I've dined in twice (but they also deliver!).  The chorizo tacos are so good that I got them both times. If you're a gringo, your server might assume you want your tacos 'with everything' which means lettuce/tomatoes/cheese/crema.  If you want them Mexican style with just onion & cilantro, be sure to specify. I sampled my bf's chicken tacos.  The chicken was really tender and juicy (unlike some chicken tacos I've had...I'm looking at you Taqueria Veracruzana). The complimentary (seemingly homemade, perfectly crunchy) chips are topped with refried beans and sprinkled with Oaxaca cheese.  The red salsa is smokey and spicy.  The green salsa is less spicy and a bit too salty for my liking.  The guacamole is fresh and flavorful, but it's very chunky.  I prefer a smoother, more blended guac without big chunks of onions. For vegetarians, there are no meat substitutes such as seitan or soy 'meat', but there are several options that feature actual vegetables (veggie burritos, chimichanga, quesadellia). 

Each time that I've eaten here, I've left totally stuffed full of food for about $10 per person.
Real authentic Mexican. I loved the salsa and tacos, great carnitas, and some interesting offerings, like pumpkin flower quesadillas. I also love that the owner's mom sends the mole direct from Puebla . I thought the interior was charming and the service very good. Can't wait to go back.
I absolutely love Mexican food and am always wary of trying new places for fear of disappointment, but this place was great - the food and the service.

They didn't mind at all that we needed a table for 9 (obnoxious, I know). It's BYOB which is always a plus. The chips that they give you for free at the start of the meal have refried beans on them - really nice touch! Guacamole was definitely the best I ever had anywhere - when we ran out of chips, we were all reaching over and eating it with forks. 

I got chorizo quesadillas which were a tiny bit too simple but still very well done. The most expensive things on the menu were only $12, which were huge platters that came with your main dish plus rice, salad, and refried beans. 

Atmosphere is really simple and un-fancy, which Mexican places should be. Our server was fantastic. She was really friendly and patient, especially considering that there were 9 of us. She even offered to help us carry leftover beer out to the car, which was hilarious.
I like it, I really do. Tortas and tacos (but no tequila, so they're missing the third T of Mexican food).* My server each time has been super sweet and quick with the water refills. You get free chips and salsa when you eat in, and the green salsa rocks my world. The food is solid but somehow not entirely mouth-watering. Even the torta al pastor (which is also messy beyond belief. My fingers were covered in red afterward). The tacos are good but lacking a little zip. They'll give you extra cilantro if you ask, but I ended up dumping the afore-mentioned green sauce on them since the meat was a little on the dry side. Overall, pleasant but not outstanding. I enjoyed the decor, since it was simple but had random Mexican adornments like serapes and langostas (see accompanying photo). How cute is that little guy? My only regret is that I have not yet tried the flan that LaBan found so earth-shatteringly delicious.

* I made that up, sorry. I then googled "three T's" just to make sure they didn't already exist. They don't.
Food was great- very wonderful authentic Mexican food. I was recommended to go here by someone I met through work and it was definitely a good recommendation. The service was a bit slow honestly and they screwed up my order. I ordered a chicken quesadilla and they gave me a beef quesadilla. It was okay because I love beef too but it isn't what i ordered. Still ate it and thoroughly enjoyed it! 
Big portions and great food. Would definitely go back there but am definitely interested in getting delivery! They seemed to be very busy with the deliveries and there was a lot of people in the restaurant as well which is a great sign. Definitely interested in going back!
While driving through the streets of Philly at 10:30 in the morning with a rumbling stomach, my co-worker & I wondered as to whether or not Que Chula Es Puebla was open at such an early hour. Our stomachs thanked the Gods of food because as soon as we pull up & park, the "OPEN" sign was all sorts of shiny & colorfully lit. 

This was my first time at Que Chula Es Puebla but I had heard good things. Our waitress was surprisingly accommodating but not quite knowledgeable of the menu- As I inquired about a dish, she had to ask one of the other workers, one who appeared to be the ice refill man and or disher washer...in any case, she came back and didn't tell me anything that I did not already know. 

I ended up with the chorizo tacos which were 3 for $6.00- not a particularly bad deal in my opinion. The tacos were large and I was only able to eat 2 out of the 3. I actually just finished the 3rd as I started to write this review. 

The salsas they provide with the complimentary chips are absolutely delicious, especially the green kind or maybe it's because I like the color. Either way, it's pretty damn tasty.

It's a relatively small restaurant and the decor of the establishment wasn't too heavy or light, which is pretty relaxing and easy on the eyes.

I'd definitely come back for a round 2 but I'll probably aim for the dinner hours rather than brunch. We probably caught the staff off-guard...my bad.
[to the tune of "Juice" by Lizzo]

Mirror, mirror on the wall
I'm craving a taco or two (ooh baby)
Need some spicy green salsa
So you know what I'm gonna do (ooh baby)
I just want something cheap and fast
and I'd love to bring my crew (ooh baby)
Grab a few beers, squadding up
Inviting you and you and you
that's how we roll

If I'm hangry, yes you know I'm gonna whine (burrito bowls)
But Que Chula hits the spot 'most every time (now you know)
Bring tequila baby, hit it with the lime (yeah you know)
Those chorizo are the baddest, that one's mine!

It ain't my fault that the nacho's coming loose
And I'll take some extra too
Gonna steal that guac from yous...

Que Chula has really come in hot in our lives lately. It's a great BYOB for a casual date or dinner out with some buddies, they always seem to have room, withing walking distance of ACME or a few bottle shops if you need to grab a drink, and their green salsa is so delish.

I love the tacos, especially that they're not like... $15 for two. less than 10 for three, and we're always full after two meaning BREAKFAST TACO LEFTOVERS! Chips come with beans and a dusting of cheese, they take credit cards now, and the staff is super friendly without hovering. 5/5
Cheap tasty Mexican food. They deliver. They deliver to the bar. I'm always happy when I eat here. It's the perfect way to soak up a bunch of beer. 
The guac is yummy, the shredded beef tacos were really good and the cake was awesome. Oh, and it's pretty cheap. I really appreciate it.
WARNING: DO NOT ORDER CHIMICHANGAS. CONSUMING A CHIMICHANGA FROM HERE WILL CAUSE A TEAR IN THE SPACE-TIME CONTINUUM.

In all seriousness, this is hands down the best mexican food I've had for the price.  Que Chula es Puebla has earned a special place in my heart, and my belly.  

The chimichangas will seriously change your life.  Who cares if it's fried and terrible for you, it is the best thing ever.  Actually, everything on their menu will change your life.  This is real-deal Mexican food on the cheap, in fact they should probably charge more because every time I order from here I am left dumbfounded by the quality and tastiness of food for how much you pay.

Anywho, if you have reservations or for some reason haven't tried this little gem yet, please do.  You will not regret it.  Everything is authentic and delicious.
Delicious and authentic Mexican food.

Beef tongue tacos are my favorite. It's very tender but still maintains the cube shape of the meat. Taste like beef. Flavor is on point.

Red tamales is spicy but delicious
I may be the only one who didn't enjoy this restaurant but I will tell it like it is. For vegetarians, there is not much of a choice. I came here with a party of 8 + 2 kids (all family). I really wanted to go to a place in center city, but god knows why reservations for groups this large can't be reserved. Makes no sense. Anyways, the next best option was this Mexican spot. We ordered two guacamole and chips for the table - one was mild and one was spicy. The spicy one was just fresh jalapenos added (which obviously makes it extremely spicy). 

I did get red sauce enchiladas with rice and beans on the side which were good. However, the next morning, my stomach did not feel good at all. I'm determined something about my food and a few others was not made right because I've gone to many authentic mexican restaurants and was perfectly fine. All in all, I won't be back.
Authentic Mexican food convenient to Fishtown and NoLibs? Sign me up. Ordered takeout from here twice now and it's been delicious both times. My boyfriend and I most recently ordered elote, shrimp tacos, carne asada tacos, and a carne asada burrito.

The elote!!! Wowza. Came on a stick, which I love (because what American doesn't love food on a stick?), and was loaded with spice and cheese and sauce. Gah. I want one right now!!!

The shrimp tacos were tasty - I like that the shrimp was grilled and not breaded. The carne asada tacos were superb, like some of the best I've ever had (and I consider myself a carne asada connoisseur). You can pick the type of toppings for your tacos -  we went with lettuce, tomato, onions, cilantro, and cheese for the shrimp and traditional cilantro and onions for the carne. The green salsa that comes with the tacos is where it's at! My boyfriend also housed his burrito without speaking, so that's always a good sign. It was huge and I was kind of jealous, but the tacos were also pretty filling!

Looking forward to ordering again soon and trying more of their extensive menu!
I grew up in southern California and spent many weekends in Mexico, plus the fact that I lived in East L.A. during part of that time.  'Que Chula' reminds me of some of the mexican eateries in East L.A. because of their food authenticity and hours  (open at 10 a.m. and closes at  9 or 10 pm)  Also, they make their own horchata in house and it is the best one that I have ever had. Seriously.  The chips and salsa are very tasty as well.  I ordered the 'Mole Poblano' and it was fantastic.   The only un-authentic thing that I noticed was the fact that they put iceberg lettuce on the platters.  I would much prefer fresh cilantro and a slice or two of avocado.

In case you are wondering, Puebla, MX is located about 90 miles southeast of Mexico City/Distrito Federal.

I'm looking forward to eating my way through the menu, and perhaps next time I will B.Y.O.B.... if I am not in the mood for some horchata.

Oh, my husband and I went there via scooter, but we did notice that parking in the area is ample.    I wish there were a bike rack out front.

!Oralé!
I have never been there in person but have gotten delivery there many times and  never do bc I don't want to ruin the great taste of their delivery.  

By far the best Mexican I have been to in Philly and I'm from Texas.  Have been to loco pez, dos segundos and this is by far has the best consistently good food.  Love all the chimichangas, burritos and tacos.  Can't pick one bc always get like three things from here for left overs and they all have been equally good, even the enchiladas.  The tamales were on the dry/bland side but don't really like traditional tamales anyways so they are probably good for people who actually like tamales.  El districto has the best tamales in town maybe bc they don't make them how I'm used to.  They are the bomb.  And I love how the people who take my order and deliver the food barely speak English.  Make the food that much better knowing they are true Mexican ( or at least I believe they are Mexican delivering my Mexican food).
Viva la Puebla! This place is awesome and one one of favorite Mexican spots in Philly. Definitely not your typical fake Philly "Mexican" food. I love the huitlacoche and the mole here. They have also catered several events to help me raise money for the charcot-marie-tooth organization and the food was a hit every time (and helped us raise lots of money)! They are very accommodating and serve authentic Mexican food that won't disappoint.
This is my favorite Mexican place in the city, hands down. I wouldn't advise eating-in even though it's a BYO since the atmosphere is kind of pizza-shoppy and the neighborhood isn't the greatest to look at, but I've done it and it's been fine. We normally order take-out from this place and that suits our needs pretty well. The taco shell tacos with ground beef are the best things I've ever tasted. I will warn you, though, we've had our order messed up more than once. Once when we ate-in and once when a guy delivered on a bike. Speak clearly and make sure they know what you're asking for, and always check your order before you leave. Even with those issues, this place is still my fav. Super yum!
This is authentic northeast American Mexican food, which is good and influenced by Puerto Rico. I was hoping for the taste of the taste of Mexican food made in Southern California. If i lived closer i would eat here more often.
Note:  This is not a review on their food but rather their delivery.

I wish I had a chance to try the food, but I never received it. I ordered at 7pm and they informed me it would take 30-45 minutes. A little after 8 I called to check in, and I was told the order was on its way. About 40 minutes later I called again, and I was told that he already delivered the order. I was then called back 5 minutes later and was then told that they had "knocked on my door" and had called, but I never opened the door nor never picked up my phone, which is completely false. They then apologized and then offered that they could wrap it to go if I picked it up (2 hours late). I obviously declined. Nothing was offered.

I'm not usually a stickler for great service and never even write reviews complaining, but this is just downright sad. They don't know how to run a respectable business.
A bit pricy BUT so worth it. The shredded chicken enchilada had a perfect combo of chicken and melted cheese in a slightly crispy and golden brown wrap with a sour cream drizzle. Super filling and the sauces on the side are drool worthy!
Delicious, authentic puebla style, and reasonably priced.

The dining room itself doesn't have much atmosphere, but it's very easy to get takeout or delivery, quickly.

I'll take this place over Loco Pez any day!
My friends and I shared the free chips with refried beans on them and totally destroyed them. There is no reason for something so simple to be that good!

Beyond that, my chimichanga was delicious (crispy) and filling. It isn't often that establishments give you a decent-sized portion for the right price. I left here without even spending $10 and was full!

I had never heard of this place and couldn't really pin-point what part of the city it was. I want to say it's Kensington, and there were a mix of people who looked like long-time locals and, for lack of better words, hipster/yuppies. I will definitely be be back!
Friendly service. Awesomely amazing veggie burrito. No, seriously--it's the best ever. there's a reason i order the same thing every time i go...and it's because i don't think anything else on the menu could compare. i have been told on good authority that the meat-based burritos are super good-o, as well. love love love this place.
Stopped by Que Chula Es Puebla on Saturday night for take-out. The owner was friendly and asked how we wanted the tacos prepared (onions, lettuce, tomatoes, crema). The food took a while even though the restaurant was empty. Or maybe I was just impatient. We ordered rice and beans, bean dip with tortillas, chicken tacos and a chiorizo chimichanga. 

Once home, I opened the bags to find that the tacos were missing from the order. No big deal, it happens. But here's the thing: They deliver, which is great. They should have offered to deliver the tacos that were left out of the order. They didn't. (I don't live that far from the restaurant). They also didn't refund me for the tacos, although I guess I didn't really expect them to.

The salsas were excellent -- careful of the red one: it's sweetly smoky at first and then it turns into mouth fire. The chimichanga was overwhelming. So much chiorizo and cheese, in a deep-fried flour tortilla. I could only eat about a quarter of it. It was served with some iceberg lettuce and a slice of tomato and avacado.  The "bean dip" was pureed pinto beans with a smattering of cheese. Tasty and uncomplicated. The rice and beans were rice with the "bean dip." I didn't try the shredded chicken tacos, but my bf says that on a scale of 1-10, with 10 being the best tacos ever, they were a 7.5 -- very good, not great.
 
I really wanted to give this place 5 stars, but the experience itself wasn't awesome. There was a lot to choose from on the menu and I'll definitely be back to check out more.
I drive by this place all the time on my way to work and there is a big sign indicating they serve breakfast.  Finally, one morning, I had enough leisure time to stop and try Que Chula Es Puebla out.  In spite of the fact that they serve breakfast I got the impression that they don't really expect to serve too many dine in customers in the late morning because as I walked in my ears were assailed by uncomfortably loud salsa music, clearly for the benefit of the kitchen staff.  Since it was so loud nobody heard the door ding and I entered unnoticed, found a table and sat down.  After a few minutes someone noticed me and got the radio turned off.  Then she came over to greet me and take my order.

She asked if I wanted coffee.  Of course I wanted coffee.  Then she offered me a choice between regular coffee or Mexican coffee.  When in Rome...I asked for the Mexican coffee.  YUM!.  Sweet and cinnamony and tasty all around.  I made my food order a little more gringolike and asked for a vegetable omelet which was described on the menu as red and green peppers, mushrooms, onions, brocoli and cheese.  I asked for mine not to have any onions or brocoli.  My omelet arrived as specified and was a darn tasty egg concoction at that.  My one concern was that there was an abundance of zucchini in there.  I don't know about you but if I was the chef, preparing an omelet where the diner had specified the omission of a component I would not go adding different components that weren't in the original description.  I thought about pointing this out but opted instead to just enjoy my tasty breakfast.

I would go back and I would definitely return at dinner time because I can tell that the food will be good.
This is somewhat of a hidden gem in the Fishtown / Kensington area.  Really good authentic Mexican food. Great tacos and other traditional items.  Bonus points for the BYOB option. 

The restaurant is located in somewhat of a no mans land and I would be careful walking around here at night.  

The only problem I ever had with this place is the delivery. One time it took over 2 hours to get my food as the driver screwed up several times.  After that I generally opted to pick it up instead.
Awesome!  I thought I was in California until I looked outside and realized it was Philly.  If you are looking for authentic. flavor-bursting Mexican food, then this is the place.  Right in Fishtown, and moments from Northern Liberties this place "Que Chula Es Puebla" delivers.  

I ordered the Chicken Enchilada Platter but asked if they could put Mole` sauce instead of the usual Verde and it was not a problem.  It comes with a small salad, refried beans, and rice.  I also asked if they had Horchata and to my surprise they do...so of course I asked for a LARGE...which was on point!  In fact all of it was wonderful.

My wife ordered the Grilled Veggie Burrito and loved it...she actually passed out in the on the way home and then knocked out again once there for 3 more hours.  We left fat and happy!  Why the hell did we wait so long to try this fantastic spot in the neighborhood???  Not sure but I do know it won't be long before we go back.
Omg.

Omg, did we find it? A Mexican dive that's better-than-mediocre?

I THINK WE DID. Here's why:

1. Green salsa is THICK, not watery.
2. Complimentary chips come with beans/cheese on them.
3. Shredded chicken tacos had excellent flavor. 
4. Torta was ridic in size.
5. No one felt ill after.

Definitely coming here again with a huge group and many beers.
This is from an experience at this restaurant a few months ago. One of the worst delivery experiences I have ever had. Ordered 3 burritos and guac for delivery at 8pm on a weekend night. We were told 40 minutes when we ordered. I called back at 1 hour and 2 hours and was told the order was on the way both times. I live in 10 blocks away. The last time I called I was told to be more patient because someone else had waited for three hours before me. I told them I didn't want the food anymore because I wanted to go to bed.
I was also cursed at by the person from the restaurant on the phone.
It's a shame because they have great Mexican food, but haven't quite figured out efficient delivery service yet. Also inexcusable imo to curse at a customer no matter what.
This is four stars for a restaurant of this kind- a little more like a taqueria in Austin then the hipster neighborhood on which it borders. I wasn't sure at first.... at most traditional Mexican restaurants my selections are limited by lard, preservatives and the random veggies on soy sauce. We waited for almost 20 minutes for our food in a near empty restaurant because a large take- out order was already in progress but the table salsas and chips arrived as soon as we sat. The chips may have had preservatives as many Mexican places do- but the salsas were fresh and the red was particularly spicy and smoky- a great combination. 
Not too much vegetarian on the menu, I opted for the all day breakfast. I decided on a veggie stuffed omelette and asked to smother it in red sauce instead of filling it with cheese. It was actually great with huge chunks of fresh vegetables, and the red table salsa spiced up the already pretty good tasting freshly made sauce. 
I was assured the pinto beans had no lard and they were smooth and buttery so I ordered an extra side.

My friends chicken tacos were not to die for. He thought they were not his favorite with ground chicken instead of the chunks, and they were served with flour instead of corn tortillas - but did have lots of fresh onions and cilantro. 

We paid extra for limes and extra chips.
Been to Mexico, been to que chula es puebla. This place is super authentic and has amazing food. Their sauces are spicy and I love it. Camerone tacos are my favorite and I love their chips and pico de gallo.
Great food, great service, overall awesome.

Oh and they have vegetarian options as well and can make things vegan too. 

Haters, you can go to taco bell!
I never knew this place existed until I did some fairly extensive research on Mexican restaurants in the area.  So glad I found this quant little authentic restaurant.

When you walk into the large dining room, it has a very warm and welcoming vibe to it, and the sound is surprisingly fairly limited (people also talk a little softer because it's just one dining area).  There are tables scattered throughout the sides (it's a corner restaurant), with the main counter in the back.  It's probably more of a takeout/delivery place, but going there was a nice experience.  There was one TV that was showing a futbol game.

We started with their complimentary chips with refried beans on them.  That was a nice little surprise, as the beans provided a heartier touch to the chips and tasted great.  Their salsas were a little underwhelming - the green one is your standard verde type salsa and their red one was smokey but didn't have much flavor to it.

I got the veggie burrito and it was fantastic - the rice was seasoned perfectly and full of red & green peppers, onions, and jalapenos (I asked for them).  I ate about two-third and was stuffed...definitely a generous portion.  The ingredients are fresh and tasty...and not overly pricey.  My friend got the veggie enchiladas and they were also delicious with a side of rice and beans.  Again, their rice is really good.

Overall, a great authentic style Mexican restaurant in the neighborhood.
The horchata here is the truth. Very spiced, very refreshing, and very delicious. 

I've also enjoyed the food that I've ordered for delivery (mostly tacos and enchiladas). They deliver promptly, the food is hot and fresh, and everything is as advertised. 

It's a bit of a hidden gem in the area.
Delicious mexican food, far more authentic than all of the bar tacos in the area.  Not that there's anything wrong with bar tacos.  Sometimes you want an actual mexican meal though.  The Chicken Enchiladas Roja are my personal favorite.  I usually get a Green Tamale as well.  They deliver, which is awesome.  Their menu says they are closed Monday but half the time when I call they are open anyways.  Their dining room is by no means fancy, but bring a 6-pack from Bottle Bar with you and what you'll get is a fantastic no-frills dinner experience that is a nice change from the usual Fishtown Gastropub experience.

UPDATE:  I'm dropping my review 2 stars because their delivery service has really been awful the last half dozen times I've had it delivered.  I live a mile away and it is typical for delivery to take well over an hour.  It's kind of ridiculous.  I usually walk over and pick it up, but sometimes I'm lazy, and it's really annoying to wait so long.
this place is exceptionally good regardless of the fact that its amazing well priced. I eat there all the time and have never been disappointed. The wait can be a while, but since they are making everything fresh its totally worth the wait. What it lacks in the cool ambiance of the more trendy El Vez or Dos Segundo it more than easily makes up for having a hands down better menu and price.
I noticed this place while riding my bike down Master Street one day during my lunch break.  I recently moved from San Francisco and was looking for a decent no-nonsense taqueria where I could grab a quick burrito or some tacos.

A couple of days later, I went here for lunch.  I was hoping for an order-at-the-counter situation, but I was seated and given a menu.  I was also given a little bowl of thick, crunchy chips with refried beans and fresh cheese sprinkled on top and two little cups of red and green salsa.  Into it.  I ordered a tostada with shredded beef.  It took a little while, but it was excellent.  I grabbed a menu on my way out.

I've ordered delivery from this place half a dozen times since then.  I think the delivery is faster than the table service.  As far as the meats go, I've only tried the shredded beef, chicken, and carnitas.  Stay away from the carnitas.  Bad times.  Everything else I've had has been solid.

A brief note about the nachos.  While delicious, they do come with some kind of cheese sauce instead of real cheese.  Kind of par for the course in Philly, I guess.  I only mention it because I wasn't expecting it, but hopped on board pretty quickly.

The bottom line: cheap, they deliver, and it gets the job done without winning any culinary awards.
My daughter attends dance class a block away so I decided to go in and grab something to eat while I wait. I am so glad I did. The food is so fresh and flavorful. I ordered carnitas taco which were "delicioso"!! The do give complimentary chips and salsa which was such as fresh as my meal. The server was friendly and attentive. I will definitely be back. Also it is a BYOB so even better!
I'm ashamed to say I've never even heard of this place before one of my friends suggested it as an option for a BYOB dinner in Northern Liberties/Fishtown/Kensington. But, after our fantastic and fun meal there, i won't be forgetting it anytime soon.

The space is casual, there's always soccer on the TV, and the incredibly friendly people that welcome you in and serve your meal could not be nicer. Everyone was happy - the wait staff, the people fulfilling takeout orders, and obviously, the diners.

We shared the guacamole appetizer, the standard chips that arrive (hot, omg), and each had a variety of tacos. I went for the roasted pork, chicken, and chorizo + a side of rice/beans. Everything was super delicious, packed with rich meat and fresh flavors. My favorite of the three was the roasted pork, but I think they all were good. I was so full that i couldn't eat my chorizo one, so I brought that home and turned it into a breakfast taco in the morning.

I'll definitely be back - to enjoy the casual and friendly neighborhood-loved space (seriously, by the time we left at 8:30, the place was packed with friends and families from the neighborhood - which I took as a fantastic sign.)
I almost don't want to write a review for this place as I want to keep it all for myself.  I stumbled across it biking around my neighborhood and have been hooked on the burritos ever since.  

My favorite thing on the menu by far is the roasted pork grilled burrito.  The pork is always so tender and flavorful, and it is served with lettuce, tomatoes and avocado slices on the side.  I'm also a huge fan of the mushroom quesadillas and the chorizo tacos.  

Unlike everyone else I know, I'm not crazy about the guacamole.  Its a little too oniony for me, and more tangy that I would prefer.  I think the int he batch I had, the onions and the lime juice overwhelmed the avocado deliciousness.  

I get takeout from here pretty regularly, and the delivery is always fast.
I rolled into this place for some Mexican when I was definitely tipsy from an afternoon at Morgan's Pier and some more beers at my roommate's art show. All I wanted was a big burrito.

They brought out your typical chips and salsa, but the chips had some refried beans drizzled on them. Yum! Both the green and the red salsas were super delicious - maybe better than my faves down at Veracruzana.

Then the carnitas burrito came out. So freakin' good. 

I am never up this way, but I'm really glad I was able to get here to try this place. Definitely will come back next time I'm in the area.
Where is love? I found love at Que Chula es Puebla in South Kensington, just a short walk from Girard.  Whenever I leave the city, I yearn for the chorizo tacos from Que Chula. 

I enjoy many other menu items. My go to is the Chorizo tacos accompanied by a fish taco and Jamaica.  Four tacos and hibiscus tea is a meal of champions. I ask for extra limes for my tacos. I get everything on my tacos but the traditional tacos are equally amazing. The chorizo is at Que Chula is unmatched by any restaurant in the city. In addition to the chorizo tacos, I highly recommend their salads, chimichangas, ceviche, and flan.

Que Chula is BYOB. Usually, enjoy my meals with a glass of water. I make an exception when I visit Que Chula, I love their Jamaica. The tea is wonderfully sweet and tart. The restaurant is a wonderful casual but intimate place to eat with friends.
Checked out this place on a Saturday afternoon with some friends. Totally authentic Mexican restaurant from the decor, food and even the employees. Ordered the Mole Poblano which is a quarter chicken with mole sauce, rice, avocado with a side of salad. Delicious. My friends ordered tacos ( chicken and beef ) which was equally as good. The best part was the chimichanga ! Normally I've seen small chimichanga that come in 2 or more portion. This one was the size of a Chipotle's Burrito but so goood! Overall great experience and doesn't break the bank!
this place is solid. no froo froo, just classic mexican fare. don't come to this place looking for anything fancy but the food we've eaten is good. not gonna blow your mind, but will satisfy your craving. and it's cheap to boot. 

the one thing i will say about this place which i really think you all should know is they have the BEST FLAN in the city!! it is creamy, rich, dense but smooth with a perfect not too sweet caramel sauce. seriously. i would come here just for the flan. it's that good.
This is my absolute favorite place in Philadelphia for Mexican food!

Last month a bunch of friends and I went to Que Chula to celebrate my birthday and it was so much fun!  They were so accommodating and friendly.  We shared our cake with them and it was great!!

This is my go to take out spot when I don't feel like leaving the house on these wintry nights!  Nachos, tacos, burritos, and the taco salad are my favorites!
Had some tacos de lengua for dinner last night and the portions were truly huge. Each bite of taco was filled with a mouthful of delicious lengua. My husband had the taco salad with steak that came in a tortilla bowl and enjoyed it. The guacamole dip came with the chips already in the dip, which was strange but tasted fine. All in all, portions were generous and made for a satisfying meal.
The servers were so cute and attentive despite our obnoxiously large group that straggled in one by one over the course of an hour.  The food is CHEESY.  The guac is awesome, and I love the free fresh chips covered in beans and cheese.
Just ordered dinner from here about 20 minutes ago. I put on each food I ordered that I had an allergy to shellfish and to make sure there wasn't any cross contamination. I also called the restaurant to make sure it was enforced.... here I an 20 minutes later swollen. The food was tasty but it was evident there had been some cross contact. When I called to verify none of my food would come in contact with any shellfish I was told it wouldn't..... very upset. I would have changed my order accordingly if certain items were at risk of cross contamination.  So I spent $25 and now can't eat any of it.
As native Texans, we spent months searching for a place in Philly that would be able to satisfy our hardcore cravings for Mexican food. After a string of disappoints that seemed like it would never end, we finally came across Que Chula es Puebla. Now,  I'm pretty sure we're some of the most regular customers here and the staff know our order by heart. 

I'm not saying it's Mexican perfection, but it is fantastically comforting, chill, affordable, and super consistent. Basically it plays lead role in keeping us sane here in PA.

Go to order is chicken fajitas with flour tortillas and a side of pico. Literally tastes like home.
Que Chula Es Puebla has etched out the competition and won my #1 slot for best taqueria in Philly...I have lived in south Philly for years so this isn't an easy feat. 

Located slightly off the beaten path from central Northern Liberties (Piazza) this corner Mexican restaurant is a real jewel.  
The service is super friendly and attentive. The restaurant itself is clean colorful and decorated in a traditional fashion. Okay now to the most important part...the GRUB. All the tacos I have tried are delicious. The tacos al pastor are different here than anywhere else I have had them. The al pastor is slightly spicy with chile flakes inside the meat which creates a beautiful unity with the sweetness of the pineapples. I recommend! If you like chorizo tacos please do yourself a favor and give these chorizo tacos a try. Last time I dined in I had the chicken chile rellenos...my taste buds were like WTF this is food porn. The chicken was moist and super flavorful and the chile was perfectly fried covered in stewed tomato salsa. 

Dessert: try the tres leches it's amazing!

Tip: BYOB. Tacos come either traditional or American style. Traditional is cilantro and onion, American is lettice tomato and cheese.
I ate breakfast here in early November of 2013.   Superb service.  Excellent food.
Ugh do I love this place ! Me and my boyfriend come here all the time and it's a small little taco place but it's so authentic . It's hard to find authentic good tacos so I definitely love this place.  I've tried almost everything and I love it lol . They even have the glass bottles of Mexican Soda  can't get enough of those things . The desert is good too ! Give it a try staff is nice too .
it's mexican food less than a five minute walk from my house. of COURSE i love it!

while there's nothing particularly glowing about this place, the food is up to snuff. i've only ever gotten take out from here, but you can sit down and have a typical dine in experience (for being as good as it is, it's never busy which doesn't seem good for them, but good for your peace of mind). they also claim to have free delivery. i would take advantage of this but considering it's so close i'd feel wrong not getting that short little walk in. 

i've gotten their veggie burrito (with lots of delicious vegetables like zucchini in it!) and their tamales. they have a great chipotle sauce, too. i can actually finish a whole meal here feeling satisfied, not ready to lapse into a food coma. everything is delicious and fresh and they have it ready to go all wrapped up for you pretty quickly. 

never had a problem with this place, hope i never do!
I've been here numerous times, held birthday celebrations here and they never disappoint me!

The prices are great compared to a lot more trendy places that are close by. (burritos start around 9$) The menu is pretty big, and everything is delicious. 

They deliver!! That is a big plus, and the food delivered it just as good as in house. 

(Their green sauce is amazing and I put it on everything)

Try this place out, don't judge by the exterior!
Delicious! All of the staples you expect but done really really well, Their verde sauce is great *I had it on the Huevos Rancheros), though the red is also wonderfully spicy. Note: The Mexican coffee is really really good (it happens to be included if you order a breakfast, by the way!)
They have fresh juices, which is a big plus for us. The portions are way big, prices are just right,  and the service was very pleasant. We'll be back soon!
I ordered delivery from Que Chula Es Puebla. It was OK but I probably wouldn't order from them again. The El Pastor tacos were pretty good and of the Mexican style with radishes and cilantro. The nachos however were not good. They tasted like something you'd buy at the concession stand at a sporting event instead of from an authentic Mexican restaurant. They used cheese whiz instead of melting Mexican cheese. There are plenty of other Mexican restaurants in northern liberties and fish town that are much better (e.g. Loco Pez and Jose Pistolas).
The food was amazing, so authentic.  Get the Guacamole dip, it's not a dip it's guacamole with what must be house made tortillas ($5).  I give it 5 stars because the food was awesome and fairly cheap.
I had no idea there was Mexican delivery in the area until my neighbor gave me a menu.  
I ordered the chicken enchiladas with salsa verde.  
The little girl who took the order couldn't have been sweeter. Delivery took 45 minutes. The food was hot, fresh, perfectly spicy and delicious.  
What else can you ask for?
I was recommended by a few people to go to this  great place. First sight of it isn't very comfortable but the staff is extremely helpful and sweet and the food was seriously so good. I had the veggie burrito, and it was full of delicious, fresh veggies and it was a pretty big burrito so I was happy to enjoy the left overs.  I was told to try the Flan so when I went back the second time I did and.. wow.. it is definitely amazing. I am now a frequent visitor with a bonus of working 5 minutes away!
Chicken grilled burrito. Not good. Quite possibly the worst burrito I've ever had. It was only shredded chicken and rice with a ton of cheese. No beans or anything else. Chicken rice and cheese. That is not a burrito! And it was $10.

Two stars for the horchata. It was yummy but $5 for a horchata is ridiculous. 

Never coming back here.
I read all the delivery reviews and was so worried! I ordered delivery on a saturday afternoon around 2-4pm and it came within the hour. I live about a half mile away. 

I always get vegetarian burritos and the guacmole, which comes in this HUGE dish. don't get those two things together unless you're with another person or feeling like hurting your body--it's a lot of guac. 

when you eat in they give you mini nachos with refried beans and queso blanco and yummy salsas. overall: great.
Favorite taco spot in Philadelphia. Authentic.
I've only had the fish burrito, shrimp burrito, and guacamole, but they've all been delicious. I've gotten delivery a number of times and it's always hot and tasty. I also love the mini accoutrements with which they come. QCEP burritos rival only those from Pura Vida and Loco Pez, my other favorite Mexican places.
Not super fast, and not super cozy, but great great food.  We like to order take out.
Meals are under $10, and I'd recommend anything but the chalupas (kind of disappointing) or the quesadillas (real basic cheese/meat - kind of too plain).  
Chimichangas, tacos, enchiladas - all great.
Que chula apparently means How Cute is Puebla,
Well, I have no idea how cute it is, because I always order delivery! 

I typically get chicken tacos and a side of pico de gallo, which is always super fresh. The chicken is braised in something reddish and a little spicy. The pico is pretty standard, and they are very generous with the cilantro. 
I've tried a lot of their food: the tortas (sandwiches) are HUGE. I love the hawaiian one.
I also love the taco salad, which has, what I consider to be a more tex mex feel to it.
The delivery usually take about 30 minutes, and its always the same dude on a bike. Sometimes they don't have delivery if the weather is horrible, then again, you are a terrible person for trying.
Continuing on my Mexican food pilgrimage, I came to Que Chula Es Puebla in search for something different. Don't get me wrong, I am a fan of the taco, the burrito, and whatever the usual is for the typical American palate. But on this day, there was no time for the "usual". It pains me to see others stick with their chicken tacos and claim their love for Mexican food. No bueno, stop that nonsense. STOP IT RIGHT NOW.

Anyways, after I decided to do some exploring, I ordered their Que Chula Es Puebla especial platter. Let me explain what we're working with here. You get shrimp, rice, beans, avocado, and a small enchilada. Seems kind of normal, right? 

BUT WAIT, what? What is this? In addition to the mentioned items, you also get cecina, which is air-dried beef. You also have grilled cebollitas (spring onions) and nopales (cactus). Okay, now we're talking!

Obviously I've already eaten the entire platter, and now I can share some thoughts. Can I tell you how much I loved the cebollitas and nopales? This is how good they are-- I never considered being a vegetarian my whole life because I cannot live without eating meat. 

But after my encounter with these onions and  the cactus, I don't know if that idea still holds. Well then again, I really can't eat without a meat protein. But, you know, those onions were amazing. AH, I don't know! See how crazy they made me feel? I'm so confused now because how good they were. 

Anyways, if you ever go here yourself, ask for the nopales and the cebollitas. You can thank me later.

TL;DR

I went to get Mexican food
I got a platter
It had grilled onions and cactus
My life has changed
my coworkers and i order a lunch feast from this place at least once a week.  it's always fantastic though the amount of onion used in the guacamole is not at all conducive to carrying on in a customer service-based job after our lunch break.  the chile rellenos are fantastic.  i'm docking one star for cheese whiz on the nachos, but everything else we've had is amazing.  get extra green salsa :)
I've gotten chicken burritos to-go from here twice now.  Because the week after I got the first one, I got a craving for another.  Both times it was just a good, refried beans, shredded chicken, and rice burrito, and they aren't shy about throwing cheese and sour cream on top. It's not lonely in that styrofoam container either: there's some shredded iceberg, tomatoes, avocado, and two little salsas for good measure.  I love that it's so close to my house that i can walk there, and one of these days I will bring friends and tecates.  It's very welcoming inside.  It's nothing fancy, but it's a much needed a break from the pricier and crowded contempo-mexican of Dos Segundos and Camino Real.
CHORIZO EVERYTHING. Most Mexican places don't have a lot of Chorizo items, but these guys will put Chorizo in just about anything on the menu. Delivery can be a bit dicey at times, but they have never made anything that wasn't delicious in my experience.
Very authentic Mexican, most places similar in the city are very small but a Chula has plenty of seats (even though on the outside looks small). 

Great service.

The serving size aren't as big as some authentic Mexican places in the city but to me the plates were perfect, no left overs and I didn't feel like I was in food coma for the rest of the work day!
I use to frequent this place often. Especially the Agua Frecas. I usually get a large watermelon mixed with pineapple and it's costs about $5. I ordered and today it was$10! I asked why was it double than usual and I got a shrug. 

I saw the receipt and saw I was charged for 2 large drinks. I asked why was I charged for two large instead of two smalls (if they need the charge for inventory) but again I just got an "oh well" 

So I won't be back with those prices.
Very poor customer service. I called to make sure they would include complimentary chips and salsa like every Mexican restaurant and the person who answered the phone kept me on hold for 5 minutes then said it would be an additional $7.57 for chips and salsa. I told him we'd ordered from them before and got complimentary chips and salsa and he said nope then hung up on me.
Love this place! Can't get enough! It is all delicious! You can't go wrong! Try the flan too! Woohoo!!!
I've ordered take out from Que Chula Es Puebla a couple of times, originally picked mainly because it seemed like one of the most authentic options in the area. 

That being said, after trying to go for a more authentic experience, I decided I wanted to order a burger. Yeah, I don't know what I was thinking either. It may not have been authentic, but it certainly was an experience. First of all, this thing is HUGE. About the size of a small pizza. It wasn't mentioned in the description but this monster is clearly meant to be shared unless you haven't eaten in weeks. I was not the biggest fan of it. The patty was very dense and didn't have enough seasoning. And because it was so big, the proportions of the condiments, lettuces, etc of the rest of the burger were way off. Would not order again. 

Now what you *must* order are the french fries and guacamole. One of my favorite places for both french fries and guacamole in the city. They also give you plenty of hot sauces. I'm a fan of the green, but the red has a nice smokey taste to it. 

The Shredded Chicken Tacos are a good pick too. Not the best tacos I've had (a bit dry) but very filling. 

Will probably be ordering again, if only for the french fries and guacamole.
The service here was good. 
As soon as we sat down, the waitress brought out a basket of chips and green and red sauce.  I found the sauce to be a bit salty but the chips were really good.  
I ordered 3 tacos - bistek, chorizo, and pastor - and I enjoyed all 3.  But, my friend got the enchiladas verdes and she barely was able to eat bc she said it was too salty.   I also go the flan, which I enjoyed, not to sweet but sweet enough for me.  
I felt bad for my friend which is why I gave it an average rating.
My new favorite Mexican joint!!! I've been wanting to try this place for months and it did not disappoint. I stopped in on a Wednesday for lunch and ordered the Pollo Enchilada Verde to go. It was awesome!!! Perfect amount of food, the flavors danced on my tongue, and all my senses were touched. Even before my food was ready, I grabbed 2 take out menus-one for my office and one for home because I knew just by sitting there, it would be authentic and delicious. I've been telling every one of my friends who lives in the area that they must check it out!!
When I moved to NoLibs  I tried all of the "Mexican" restaurants in the neighborhood, I was disappointed my all of them...Don't get me wrong, Dos Segundo's is fine for dinner and margaritas, but I was looking for an AUTHENTIC, middle of the night, 6 dollar take out burrito...just when I was ready to give up, I stumbled upon this place! 

The chimichangas are to die for (perhaps literally) and the deliver for free, with no minimum!!! They also always get the delivery to you quickly, so tip them well! I almost forgot, the Horchatas are Amaze-Ballz! Yummm!
We were headed to the Philadelphia Photo Arts Center to see an exhibit, and found this restaurant on Yelp because it was nearby and had very good reviews.   We had trouble finding it at first, and a staffer stayed on the phone with me as we navigated our way there to the corner of North 2nd and Master. It has a local neighborhood feel, with one long room filled with tables and a TV blasting soccer highlights in Spanish. Not a place for a romantic meal, but definitely fun and very clean. The waiter brought some delicious home-made tortilla chips drizzled with refried beans and two sauces on the side to start. The menu is huge. I ordered a platter of chicken enchiladas in a mole sauce that came with spanish rice (nice and moist), salad of lettuce and tomato, and refried beans (not a thick mixture, much thinner, almost like a sauce, but very tasty). The highlight for me was the Mexican coffee, which was fragrant and lightly sweet. Heavenly! I'd go back in a flash (if I didn't live so far away). FYI the waiter came running after us half a block because my husband left his change purse on the table. Great and friendly service. There were only a few tables full the day after Christmas, so I can't speak for the service or noise level with a full house.
Solid Mexican in North Philly. I cannot complain about this place. Six bucks and you get your tacos and you get the heck outta there. Five minutes and that was all it took. I'd definitely give them my money again because their tacos al pastor were pretty good and loaded, something typically that the South Philly would charge an extra fifty cents to a buck per taco. Next time I come I will make sure to get a burrito to see how they stack up in that platform.
Actually me and my family have eaten here numerous times years ago,  and it was good but I can't say the same of our last visit. I had the surf and turf and if I had 3 pieces of shrimp that was a lot. The steak was basically pieces of gristle, I believe there might have been a piece or two of chicken in there somewhere. Needless to say it was a bad experience all around, my wife and daughter didn't care for their choices either. I will not be coming back as I see the glory days for this place are long gone.
Que Chula Es Puebla is probably my favorite spot to get mexican and I live in the "italian" market area. It's so authentic and delicious. It's usually pretty empty every time I'm there and it surprises me. I've had the same server every time who is this adorable and sweet mexican woman. She always seems really happy that you're there. You're given complimentary tortilla chips when you dine in and their salsa verde is awesome. It's so limey! The first time I went I got the chimichanga. It's so good, but enormous. I went on Saturday with Weegie and got the Pastor tacos. So good. Personally I love anything involving pork and this is no exception. I can never finish all my food, but always overeat. It's just so good! Plus they have mexican coke in glass bottles and it's my guilty pleasure. (Aside from pork products, that is.) I highly recommend this place.
This place came very highly recommended from so many people. It took me a while to get here, but I'm so glad I finally did! 

My friend and I stopped in here for lunch yesterday and had a great time. It's a small corner place that has a very authentic feel. When we walked in around noon on a Thursday, just one other table was occupied. The waitress was very welcoming, friendly, and quickly brought us water and really great chips. Few things make me happier than amazingly fresh, legit crunchy chips. It's the little things. 

After ordering, our food came out promptly. I got a veggie chimichanga, which was full of flavorful, fresh sauteed veggies and gooey cheese. Perfect. My friend got a pork burrito, which he really enjoyed. The portions were great and the price was right on. I'll be back soon.

Thumbs up!
Time after time they screw up the order, or it never shows up. Black listed for me.
Excellent place! This is by far the best Mexican food in the area. Coming from Los Angeles, and a Mexican heritage, I can be quite peculiar when it comes to Mexican food, and this is as good as it gets.

It's a little pricey, but well-worth it. I've tried a few different selections from the menu and had no complaints. Everything was great, especially the ceviche, which is by far the best ceviche I've ever had. 

The staff and service is great. My only concern was the time for food to come out. Food took a little long, so not a good place for a quick sit down menu.
So I wasn't overly impressed with this spot, but not so disappointed that I wouldn't give them another try. Then again there is a wide berth for anyone willing to deliver tacos to my door in 20 minutes flat. 
The tamale I ordered was pretty good. The quesadilla was really the main offender as far as I'm concerned. It wasn't cheesy at all, just very chicken-y. I'd honestly rather have a quesadilla from Taco Bell. 
I also ordered a beef burrito and ate it the next day. That was fairly good and heated up well. Again, I just wish there was more cheese. 
Delivery was exceptionally fast and friendly. I will give this spot another chance...maybe I caught them on a night when they were running low on cheese.
Cash only  / BYOB

Taco portions are generous and very fresh ingredients. Same with generous guacamole ($7)! Complimentary chips smothered with refried beans and queso fresco are delicious, especially with the green salsa (tomatillo?). Al pastor tacos ($10 for 3) have a lot of flavor and spice. Pairs well with Mexican coke. Flan ($4) is creamy, with deep caramel flavor, and addictive! Overall great portion and authentic quality for the price. Bill for dinner for two about $30-40. 

Cute atmosphere/decorations inside and just two blocks from Fishtown/Girard ave main drag, and Girard MFL stop.
Delicious vegetarian burrito with zucchini, mushrooms, and peppers. About 9 bucks for an extremely filling meal. 

Friendly staff offered free coffee while waiting for our takeout order. Will be back soon.
This iconic Mexican eatery has the best tortas this side of the Mississippi. I recently moved from Southern California where tortas are bountiful and I was so sad when I couldn't find a decent torta in Philly. I found this place and my life has changed. I don't even think they use powder mix for their Jamaica. I love you.
Not too bad, but certainly not the best. I do like it better than Riendo, which is closer to me but I go here if I want a torta or something. Pretty good overall for the fishtown area, some really great Hispanic places up north a bit that are really authentic.
Very authentic and tasty Cuban food. I had the cerviche de pescado and it was amazing. We also had the empanandas which were crispy and a little spicy, which I loved.  My lady had their Cuban coffee and she loves it every time. Thats actually why we came. Very laid back family vibe inside as well.
Delicious, authentic mexican food and deserts. Easy parking for pickup, travels well, and they fix mixups quickly. The staff is very friendly, bilingual and must have my order memorized by now since I stop by weekly to get the same thing lol even the deepfried burritos make it home crunchy as ever. They don't have kids portions but the regular portion is okay for a small child and expect left overs.
*sighhhh* Oh Que Chula. We had a good run. Many laughs. Many burps. Many chips and beans. I took my family here. I introduced my friends to you. Unfortunately, my past three experience with you guys were disappointing. 

The first bad experience: I ordered a burger and the center of the burger was medium rare. When  asked for a new burger, I was told I can't have a new burger b/c I ate half of the burger. 

The second bad experience: we had a party of 6. The waitress, who was taking care of us, had a difficult time getting our order correct. We had to send our order back a few times. Also, being that Que Chula is byob, we had a bottle of wine with us. We asked for a few wine glasses. We did not get the wine glasses, literally, until we asked for the check. Her exact words "Oh, did you guys want wine glasses?" 

The final strike: I ordered a burrito and a taco salad for delivery. When my order was delivered, I bit into my burrito, and the burrito was COLD.  That's just cruel. The taco salad, lukewarm.

Que Chula, it was good while it lasted, but sometimes you just have to mate like a tree and leave. Its been real.
The best Mexican in Philly! This place is truly a hidden gem. The food and service are so authentic that if you sit back and enjoy a leisurely lunch you may even forget that you're not enjoying the meal in Mexico. From the corn tortillas, to the fresh cilantro and refried beans on the homemade chips- this food frankly doesn't exist anywhere else in the city. Did I mention its super cheap too?

Come for the food and stay for THE COFFEE! The absolute best coffee I've ever had in my life It's brewed with cane sugar and cinnamon and some other spices that you can drink it black and it will still be the most flavorful coffee that will leave you asking for refill after refill (and leave you shaking all day.) 

There may be nothing else within a mile in any direction but I can't wait to go back!
The fact the most Mexican food as we know it tacos , burritos come from Mexican farm workers and Californios (Castillian Californias) the east coast will just never get Mexican food ride. Also the agriculture has a huge part to play. I mean the place is ok, but it's not the real real!
