Because I can never settle for a normal brunch option, I headed over to Quetzally around lunchtime on a Sunday to discover a deserted restaurant with some festive Mexican flags thrown up on the ceiling. Shortly after we arrived, some soft Latin pop started playing overhead. The quiet atmosphere might be a bit of a turnoff to most people, but in Quetzally's case, it just means less competition for the limited seating! (people dropped in throughout my visit to grab takeout as well, which further explains the lack of patrons in the actual establishment)

I grabbed a barbacoa (lamb) burrito and it arrived with a great presentation. There were tons of beans, rice, and a thick layer of the succulent, buttery, tender lamb. A large amount of food for the price--the burrito was probably the size of both of my fists and was about $8.

Loved the salsa verde that came with the complimentary chips. I ate so much of it that the waiter brought us out another dish (I then proceeded to actually pour it on my burrito).
i waited until my 4th visit to confirm what i felt on the first visit- this place is banging.
practically around the corner from me, i dont know how we didnt know about it until recently-probably because we rarely cut down that block of fitzwater.  we normally cycle through el jarocho, la veracruzana, and a few others- all good spots, but this spot impressed the hell out of us in comparison.   barbacoa burrito was my favorite burrito so far- the lamb is downright buttery.  we even ordered delivery twice and the quality was just as great via delivery, which isnt always the case.
go try this place ASAP if you havent yet!!
I was very excited to try Quetzally, as in the reviews seemed great and I found parking so easily nearby! As I entered the small restaurant, I realized this was more of a to go place, but I was already committed to staying. 

After scanning over the menu items I decided on the nachos campesinos(?) which included chicken, chorizo, cheese, and veggies. They took a pretty long time to make, so I was super excited when they came out! The picture was amazing, and I dug in to experience a very unique taste. I can't put my finger on it, if it was the type of chorizo they used or some sort of seasoning, but after every bite, it became more and more unpleasant. I ordered a side of guacamole to help the digestion, and still it was just okay. 

I get up to pay my bill and realize that it's cash only (bummer), so I had to take money out from the ATM inside and pay a fee in order to pay. This always takes a star off in my reviews, because it is highly inconvenient to go thru all that. Then the bill comes, $5 for a side of guacamole that was tiny, $2 for a selzter water, and $13 for nachos....I really should've just gone to my regular Mexican spot, because this was not a cheap meal. 

Overall, I was not a fan of the meat seasoning, and maybe this is just me, combine that with the poor customer service while I was the ONLY person in the whole place and the cash only policy, I"m not a fan.
I'm writing this review as I'm sat finishing my huge burrito from yesterday's lunch at Quetzally. This place is awesome! 
Seeing as I only work about four blocks away from here, we've been more than a dozen times, for lunch and dinner. 

Anything you'll order from Quetzally is going to be absolutely delicious. Super fresh and homemade. They don't cater so much to the overly cheesy, sour cream ladened idea that Americans have of Mexican food. Everything here seems very authentic and is dressed perfectly with just the right amount of cheese or avocado crema(beyond delicious). 

I usually have the grilled tilapia tacos($7) or tilapia burrito($9). The tacos, two per order, are very light and wrapped in delicious, light corn tortillas with a bit of crema on top. The burrito, the larger of the two is plenty big enough for two meals! It's drizzled with the avocado crema( mix of avocado and cream) and stuffed full of whatever meat or veg you choose and loads of beans, rice and cheese. The best thing I've had on the menu , so far, are definitely the tortas; fried corn tortillas topped with choice of meat and loads of lettuce and crema and a bit of cheese. There is even a bit of their marinated cactus salad in there. To die for! And it is HUGE, with three tortas per order.
Also, get the guacamole. You will NOT regret it.

Yesterday we had a taste of the horchada they've just added to the menu, and I so wish I could have taken a gallon home with me! It's a rice milk based drink, full of milk and cinnamony goodness! 

The guy that owns the place, (Jorge I think is his name) is so so nice. He says it's been his dream to own a little Mexican restaurant. He comes from Mexico City and the place is actually named after his daughter, Quetzally. He's a gem of a man.

I really hope this place is in it for the long haul. The menu is constantly being updated with new, absolutely delicious items. Go for dinner and bring your own beer! And, the prices don't even go up for dinner time. What a bargain!

 Check it out, it's totally worth it. Probably see you there!
This month, a Mexican restaurant called Quetzally took over the tiny space formerly occupied by the Asian fusion restaurant, Stix Asian Eatery. No more Korean style chicken wings. Instead, salsa and melty cheese. Apparently, Quetzali means beautiful in Nahuatl, and while the space isn't exactly beautiful (currently photos of Mexican food cover up a giant poster of a Korean fried chicken wing), it is homey and comfortable.
 
Warm, salty chips supported scoopfuls of chunky, well seasoned guacamole and equally chunky tomato salsa ($6). It was good enough that we needed seconds. Mole ribs were just ok. 
 
Burritos are on the menu, or for a less carby and more shareable option, you can order a burrito bowl, we picked spicy pork for ours. I was happy to tackle the challenge of digging in to this big plate of rice and beans, cheese, pico de gallo, sour cream and meat.

Fried tilapia tacos were a little too heavily breaded and not crispy enough. Stix did a better job frying their tilapia. Not my favorite of the day, though the citrus cream and pico de gallo were a nice touch. Tacos come with limes and a carrot salad.

But there was absolutely nothing wrong with the choriqueso tacos though ($7)- three cheesy meaty messes were the perfect things to go with the margaritas we brought (Quetzally is BYO). Quetzally is just starting out and I would love to see them succeed, so do check them out the next time you are in the mood for casual Mexican food.
Decent Mexican food a few streets south of south street. I'd give it a 3.5 if I could. 

I came in at 6:30 or so on a weekday and had no trouble with seating. It's not a large place but we were the only ones there for a while. Our waitress came over immediately and was really professional and helpful. I generally prefer to try at least one item that a server recommends - it ups the chances that I'll get something good, or at least interesting - and she was really helpful in pointing out a few of her favorites and a few of the most popular items. 

Ended up ordering the shrimp tostadas and pork chop tacos, the latter was the special of the night. I unfortunately wasn't that impressed with either. 

Pork Chop Tacos: with cilantro, onion, and cactus. I feel like there was more cactus than pork on the taco, which was unfortunate because the acidity and bitterness of the cactus ended up overpowering all other flavors. The pork that was there was chopped into tiny bits and was quite fatty and a bit under salted. After taking off a bit of the cactus the tacos was pretty good, but nothing to rave about. 

Shrimp Tostadas: cortijo cheese, avocado puree, lettuce, raw onion, spicy onion. I got the shrimp tacos on the recommendation of our waitress, and they were pretty good but not great. The shrimp were a good consistency and mix of spicy and sweet, and the tortilla was perfectly crispy, but there was no real bite. 

There's definitely better Mexican food in the city, but if you're nearby and hungry this'll do just fine too.
Quetzally is right below Center City in Hawthorne but it remains very much a neighborhood Mexican cafe as opposed to a destination restaurant.  Much of their business is via the takeout or delivery route but there is also a small dining room with a few tables.  I was recommended by a friend to try their chalupas and with good reason - they're good.  I had the homemade chorizo chalupas and after adding hot sauce to provide a nice kick, I enjoyed a nice light meal.
btw - Quetzally means beautiful in the old Aztec language.
Just discovered this place. Finally a decent Mexican place near center city. The food comes in great quantity and tastes delicious. I tried the milanesa burrito which was very tasty. Definitely recommended and a restaurant that might get very popular very soon.
Ordered delivery from places a couple of times, great experience. Their food is always good; portions for most of their items are pretty big. I always get the nachos because they generally get to my house within half an hour and taste great. 

On one occasion, I ordered lamb nachos (usually bomb) and they came an hour and thirty minutes later. As you could imagine, soggy as ever and more like steamed tortillas by that point. Called it in and told him I've been a long time customer and that it was unacceptable that nachos came in like this. Proceeded to ask if I could get a refund or have him at least deliver another order.  To be honest, I was a little aggressive in my tone since it took an hour and a half to delivery an order. He said no. I said I won't ever be coming back and he said that's fine if you're gonna be like that.  I gave him a swift fuck you. He said fuck you and we left it at that. It's a shame because their food is good and I would love to eat here but I can't stand behind a place like this.
God bless you Quetzally.

We were living in Center City stuck with atrocious excuses for Mexican food like El Rey or Jose Pistolas (decent nachos) after four years in glorious California. Now we've finally found our Philly burrito spot.

Jorge (the owner or the chef? not sure) had al pastor as his may special and I got a huge burrito the other day. I prefer dry burritos I can eat with my hands, but this monster had this avocado sauce with pico de gallo on top and it was delicious.

The green salsa that comes with the chips is spicy and awesome with bits of guacamole.

Can't WAIT to try everything on the menu, and whatever specials Jorge has going each month. This is real, authentic Mexican.
This place is seriously awesome. I came here this past Sunday with a party of 20+ for a friend's going away get together, and for time and simplicity's sake, we all ordered separately at the counter. They were totally fine with accommodating all of us (we pretty much took up the entire restaurant), the service was quick, and the food was SO YUMMY. The complementary chips and salsa were clearly homemade and crunchy unlike any I've had before. I ordered the tilapia and spicy pork tacos (~$7.00 each) and picked at my friends' chicken nachos (~$10.00) and quesadillas. The portions are large and EVERYTHING is delicious. I was a little wary about the corn tortillas (I usually prefer flour), but they were soft and warm and not the least bit gritty. I also got a free drink for checking in on yelp! Definitely will be back to this hidden gem!
I fall in love with this place at first sight. 
The food was good, the service great, and even the bathroom was wonderful. 
This small restaurant feels very authentic and make you think as if you are in Mexico. 
They are not to eager to provide the free item listed on the Yelp coupon plus no credit or debit payment, which is why they get 2 instead of 5 stars.
I really can't say enough about this place.  They've had really consistently good food for a while now.  but this last week really put them into overdrive.   That is when I had their newest salsa creation.  I always felt their salsa was a bit lacking before.  Not anymore.  Their Pico de gallo style salsa I had with their chips were out of this world.

It brought me straight back to So Cal and all the great salsas they have there.  Just plain authentic slap your boots silly goodness.  They are my official mexican food place in philly now.  No doubt or contest.  Five stars and they deserve every single one.  

I read a lot of crap yelp reviews.  Most people just plain don't know what they're talking about.  But trust me, try their salsa and chips.
My boyfriend and I came here on a Saturday afternoon. We had previously eaten here and I hoped our experience would be as good as the last. If you're looking for authentic Mexican food this is the place. Their guacamole and chips are delicious, however I was not expecting the sliced green peppers. I ordered the shrimp quesadilla and it was the best quesadilla I've ever had. Highly recommend. My bf really loved his tinga tacos. Last but not least, bf was pleasantly surprised they had horchata .. something not on the menu but literally tastes like Cinnamon Toast Crunch milk soooo good. Overall I was stuffed and still had leftovers! :-)
A small, quaint restaurant with non stop business!  As soon as we sat down, we were delivered a large bottle of water for the table. We ordered salsa verde, quest, and chips for the table. It was a small portion, but very tasty!  I had trouble sharing with my friend. 

I'm quite basic, but ordered the carne asada and my friend got some carne tostadas.  Both were very tasty!  I did order a side of rice, which was basic and tasted like something from the freezer aisle. 

We ended our night with 2 churros, which were delicious!  Overall, the night was successful with tasty food. The joint is byob and has a small table full of hot sauces to use. From stepping in and leaving the restaurant, the place was booming with business... mostly to go orders - I would assume because the place is so small!
After a whole year, I finally stepped out on my usual Mexican spot to check out Quetzally. What really sold me were all the photos here on Yelp and on their Facebook page. It all looked so good. "Looked." I somehow managed to order the wrong thing... my beloved quesadilla.

AFAIK, there are 2 types of quesadilla. The first type is only thing I've ever seen before trying authentic Mexican food (ie. chain restaurant Americana... they look like stuffed pizza slices), and then the traditional... what I'd call "con todo" (with everything style... looks like tacos folded over with a fully dressed salad on top). Quetzally's style is like the stuffed pizza and I knew this already because I saw a photo. I figured I'd switch it up, but I really wasn't too pleased.

I got the "house-made" chorizo and I could barely taste it, because there wasn't much meat and the cheese (also different than the oaxaca I've had at other nearby Mexican places) just overpowered everything. There was a bit of sour cream on the side and a bit of salsa/pico de gallo/whatever and some chips so I made the most of it. I also had horchata and I thought it was bland (definitely not worth it). So as I'm wrapping up my meal I'm kicking myself because then I see a sign that says $15 minimum to use a card so I bridge the gap in my bill by adding a churro to go and of course I tipped. So I walked away thinking... for almost $20 how many other places I could've gone to and gotten something I really would've enjoyed. It's a bad feeling. 

Last, my server seemed like a sweet enough young lady and she was really trying, but service was awkward. I hadn't been there before... do I wait at the door, do I just sit, do I get a menu, do I get utensils, do I get napkins, do you take my card, do I come up and give you my card? I give 3 stars instead of 2 because otherwise, it seems like a cool place had I ordered the right things. "Meh I've experienced better" really describes how I feel though.
BEST CHILAQUILES IN TOWN 

Quetzally is a quaint and small kind of hole in the wall sort of establishment. They bop sick golden Mexican day ballads from the likes of Jose Jose to Juan Gabriel. They usually play all the soccer games I ever want to watch and when they're not playing soccer, they're playing the novela of the hour. The service is straightforward and not overbearing. They refill my water when it's gone, take my orders at good timing, provide free chips and salsa, and are easy to flag down since it's such a small place. 

Chilaquiles are my favorite almuerzo/brunch food and Quetzally delivers. A+++++ across the freaking board on portion size, aesthetics, and yumminess. They are a freaking massive delight of carbs and protein and flavor. The chilaquiles aren't the only bomb thing here. My friend who's obsessed with protein got his fill with the fajita platter which came in sizzling and proliferously invading and filling our nostrils. 

It's not the most beautiful place you're ever going to dine in but the food is great and mighty. 

FYI - for some reason the chilaquiles aren't on the menu but order them and they'll make them as if they were.
A slow, boring, day afforded my friend the time to randomly search for Mexican establishments. When it came time to eat he recommended this place and off we went. 

Located just a few blocks from Broad and South Streets, Quetzally is nestled into a residential neighborhood. I cannot recall seeing another establishment in the immediate area. The dining area is not very large but capable of accommodating a decent amount of patrons. When we arrived we were the only people in the restaurant.  Within minutes the place was packed. 

We started our dining service with a plate of nachos. After all, that is what brought us to Quetzally. My friend chose this place because of the nachos. He is considered the nacho aficionado of the group and the nachos are what sold him on this place. While we may not agree on his nacho rankings, one cannot question his ability to seek out some of the greatest heaps of meat, cheese, salsa, and sour cream on a bed of tortilla chips and the nachos at Quetzally were just that, a heaping mound of goodness. 

Once we polished off the nachos I decided to go with the Chicken Tinga burrito. I was expecting a certain level of spice due to the chicken marinating in a chipotle sauce. I didn't quite find the level of spice I was seeking, but the flavor was  present. That had to be one of the best burritos I have had in Philadelphia. 

The service is cool. Even when things got a little busy for the one server she was still on top of her game. There is a $15 credit card minimum. We didn't know so when we asked to split the check the waitress tried to work with us but there was nothing she could do. The manager got a little testy. No worries
What a wonderful, hidden away gem for delicious Mexican food!  There's not much to Quetzally, but don't let that fool you.  The food is wonderful and affordable.  

We stopped in for lunch last weekend with a big bottle of beer and ended up having a delicious lunch.  They start you out with some chips along with red and green salsa, which were both super fresh with a little zing.  We ordered the spicy pineapple pork burrito with green salsa and the chicken tinga enchilada with mole.  Both were delicious (and huge), but I preferred the enchilada.  That says something for their mole, because I'm rarely a fan.

Quetzally will definitely be added to our growing brunch/lunch mix of Vietnamese and Mexican in this area.
This place is awesome! I've had the vegetarian tacos and the vegetarian burrito - both were delicious. My partner has tried multiple meat dishes and is always satisfied. We went for brunch recently and it's our new favorite spot - especially for avoiding brunch village and the ridiculous waiting. Definitely get the guac and the warm tortilla chips! This place knows what's up.
I made my order from eat24
The food is great but unfortunately the driver or delivery guy is an asshole
I'm from California ware high standard quality service is everything,
 I'm visiting Philadelphia at a four-star hotel where the front of the building there's a space for deliveries drop off the pick ups
I cannot believe the driver called me and asked me to come down pick up my food and still  tells me if I don't like it to order somewhere else
All I have to say is wow!! I'm never ordering there again no matter what the reviews say!!!

Had to call the restaurant to finally get my food!
Besr darn homemade salsa...EVA! I cant get enough of this stuff! Guess if i got an addiction, salsa isnt bad!
Burritos are huge and avg $10. They can feed 2.
Loads of great menu items to choose; I plan to try the shrimp tacos next.
Casual place, not a comfy spot bc it can get hot, and seating is tight.
I recommend ordering carry out.
Love this place as it's so convenient and consistently churns out really good food. Usually get the pork tacos or pork burrito and chicken tortilla soup. Only one thing I wish was more consistently good - the guacamole. The first time we ordered it, it was great and the chips were equally as amazing {very important for the guac and chips combo}, but the times after that, the guacamole was made with more fillers (tomatoes, onions, cilantro, etc.) than actual avocados.
CREDIT CARD/DEBIT CARD: $15 Limit

Came here another time on a rainy and cloudy day.

I was going to call and order but decided to check out the customer service. 

I walked into the store and was not greeted so I asked for the menu and the front lady handed it to me. Her mood was not very friendly but more so cranky. She had no smile or acknowledgment if I was ready to order, it was more so me talking to someone than a back and forth conversation.

I ordered the Steak Taco and a Mango Soda drink.

I got my order and left to take it home to eat. The taco was good itself but I wanted the lime on it but the lime was too hard that juice did not even come out of it. 

If anyone wants to try the Mango Soda drink, DO NOT... in my opinion, it does not taste good. But the taste of the drink was not part of the review as the restaurant does not actually make it themselves. 

RRASON FOR 2 STARS:
Brought UP (+2stars) because the main course... Steak Taco was good.
Brought down (-2stars) due to lack of good customer service.
Brought down (-1star) due to lime not having any sort of juice in it.

Will not be back to this place unless my friends wants to due to them coming here every Tuesday for Taco Tuesday but hopefully they chose a different spot for Taco Tuesday.
I've ordered Quetzally through Grubhub, paid with credit card and left a 15% tip at least once a week for the past few months. Tonight I had a coupon that could only be used through ordering on Yelp. Shortly after getting my delivery from the door, I got an iMessage saying "thanks u for tip" from jorgichin@gmail.com. At first I was confused, then realized because I was a new Yelp user, that I hadn't realized the credit card tip wasn't an option. I think it's horrible customer service to allow drivers to send sarcastic messages to customers who might have forgotten to tip. My previous patronage to this restaurant is over.
High quality food. No frills atmosphere. Had chorizo fried rice which was amazing. Also the guacamole was very good. And the tacos also good.
Today I have a new favorite Mexican Restaurant in the US! it's a modestly priced neighborhood place in South Philly.
Whenever I try a new ethnic restaurant I order a specific "signal" dish. For a first visit to a Mexican restaurant, I order chilaquiles. It's rarely on the menu but every Mexican chef I've ever asked can whip up a version of this. As the waiter started to hand me a menu, I asked if they could make me chilaquiles. He thought about it for a second asked if I wanted green or red sauce, chicken or pastor. Horchata is my signal beverage.
Both the chilaquiles and the Horchata were the best I ever had anywhere. and anywhere includes California, Texas, Mexico City, Oaxaca, Bahia, and Xtapa.
This is high quality Mexican food.  They have a great variety.  I always order delivery and the chips are delicious, not soggy.  Its definitely not a 5 star restaurant but the shit is good so they deserve 5 Yelp stars!!
Living on the same block has its advantages. It's a nice casual place to grab dinner with friends or to get some takeout when the fridge is empty. I've tried many of the items on their menu and they are all good. They surprised me once with churros in my takeout order (maybe because it was over $50?) and they were out of this world. Big fan.
I have never had to say this about Mexican food before but, everything was quite bland. The chicken tostadas had a black bean spread on them, lettuce, cheese and chicken. The chicken was not seasoned in any way, just...white...possibly boiled...chicken. So I thought to add the red and green sauces provided, also bland. Needed salt, pepper and somehow there were no jalapeños to be seen. 

We also had the steak fajitas, also bland not sure they were even salted. The lime provided helped but still, quite tasteless. The guacamole was nothing to be remembered, which was a bummer. 

Both of us were very underwhelmed unfortunately. Service was good, everyone was nice. 

Not sure we'll be back.
REALLY GOOD! really really good! Everything I have ever ordered (which is quite a bit) was amazing. The portion sizes aren't huge but are enough to fill you. don't expect two meals out of one. I have gotten lots of stuff with the brisket which is very much suggest doing. 

Kind of small inside but you can sit and eat with four people just fine.
Quetzally is a great option for take-out mexican food. They have many great vegetarian options that don't just have refried beans and some cheese. I usually order the is the veggie burrito. It includes many of my vegetables like poblano peppers, grilled corn and avocado.  This is a great burrito to make enchilada style with the hotter green salsa verde. I also like that they include a small bag of tortilla chips. And one time they added a small churro, which was a nice bonus.

Note - they're currently cash only.
HOLY SHITT. Ok so I ordered from here last night. I had a long day of cinco de mayo celebrating and DISCLAIMER was under the influence of some taste-enhancers, be forewarned about the potential for bias.

I would also just like to announce as a side note that this was my SECOND time consuming nachos on this particular day because I am a firm believer of the "when in rome" adage. 

Walking home from festivities, my girlfriend was making no secret of the fact that she was hungry. I suffer from a serious condition called always-hungryitis and had since probably an hour or two after stuffing my face with mexican for brunch felt like I had another nacho-session in me. "Mexican" was a no-brainer on caviar and I was feeling wild so I obviously chose the place whose name I couldn't even entertain attempting to pronounce. 

Nachos (special instructions: NO MEAT for my vegetarianism) and vegetable quesadilla (special instructions: NO ONIONS or MUSHROOMS bc as a vegetarian I like to narrow my options to literally 2 items on earth). 

Post-cinco-de-mayo festivities (quite possibly literally the only activity where being interrupted by the arrival of food causes frustration, actually I can think of a few others like sleeping or showering) were abruptly interrupted when my phone rang. 

So my memory is hazy for reasons stated above but I can tell you without a glitter of doubt that the nachos were SPECTACULAR. Jesus christ. Lettuce, tomatoes, that like white powdery shit that's cheese apparently and the chips weren't even soggy or if they were I DGAF. I was actually dreaming about these nachos during the entirety of today. The veggie quesadilla was DELICIOUS as well and they actually followed my instructions unlike many other places I've had the divine pleasure of ordering from. 

Lol, you know what I did actually? I'm such a sneaky bitch that as you'll notice the quesadilla comes with 4 wedges so I ate 2 and my GF ate 1 and then we both stopped eating so upon going back to eat more I made like we were even and split the last one in half and ate half of it LOL. I'm lolling at the thought. Sucker. (jk luff u babe, you know I don't take prisoners when it comes to post-imbibing food consumption). 

Anyways order from this place it's fucking BOMB.
Delicious food! It's the kind of small family style place where you can just relax and enjoy great food.
Average tacos, good rice and beans, and a good portion of enchiladas. The flavor of the brisket tacos was fine but nothing too special on the portion size or flair. The enchiladas also were an average size and had a smoked flavor in the red sauce. Overall alright prices for the portions, but nothing particularly tops.
I'm annoyed that the featured review for this spot is a 2-star review from 6 years ago by someone who is clearly racist. Ugh. If you're confused by this statement and not seeing that review anymore, then good riddance.

Quetzally is the real deal. I've come here in person in pre-pandemic times for a little BYOB action, and we've also done takeout. I've had quesadillas, burritos, nachos, and now tostadas. We've even ordered the hot dog appetizer because you simply can't pass up an opportunity like that in the city of sandwiches. 

Everything is always flavorful with good texture and fresh veggies. Personally, I prefer a chunkier guacamole (theirs is very smooth) but they make a nice thick salsa that makes up for it (unlike the watery stuff you get elsewhere). I love how you can basically get your favorite meat/filling in any style you want - you feeling tacos, tostadas, quesadillas, or burritos? Just pick your meat and they'll make it in whatever form you like.

Quetzally is dope. If you eat here you'll be very glad you did!
Ok- so for my whole 10 months and 2 weeks- yes 10.2 months- of pregnancy, i would eat food delivered from Quetzally. I practically gave birth to a baby fluent in Mexican cuisine.

Pros- great food especially the three cheese nachos- i would pick at the nachos and complete in one sitting. my son would have the shrimp quesadilla and I would have the burrito.

another pro is the quick delivery!!
I ate there once- its a small restaurant but its cute. A plus to eat at the park nearby on a good day.
Ordered delivery from here the other day so this review is based solely on that. Delivery was fast, and everything in the order was correct! The burritos were amazing, huge and full of flavor I would recommend them any day. Nachos were good, but maybe not a great delivery choice, our fault not theirs, and they are not stingy on the toppings. I tried the chicken tinga tostada, its a huge portion, with great seasoning and spice and an amazing avocado cream for balance that I could eat forever!
Who knew Mexican could be so veggie friendly?!

I ordered the veggie tacos and Quetzally salad. They were chock full of fresh grilled veggies and accompanied by fresh dressings. I was expecting everything to be drenched in a heavy cream sauce or cheese. I got to experience the flavors of the many different veggies and the serving size was just right.

Yelp order and delivery was great. What a refreshing Mexican food experience!
Ordered takeout from here last night. I ordered steak tacos, chicken tortilla soup, and the tinga chicken burrito. The burrito was amazing. Perfectly seasoned and sauced chicken in a blanket of rice, beans, lettuce, and cheese. The chicken tortilla soup was delicious and filled with chicken and avocados. I despise chicken soups with two pieces of chicken and twenty ounces of broth, and this one was far from that travesty. The tacos were okay. Next time, I will try the brisket or barbacoa. My only complaint is that the food was lukewarm when it arrived, which is always a con of delivery. Next time, I'll make a physical appearance over there.
Ordered a veggie quesadilla for devilery from here. It was a huge portion, and prices were bad, but it was just an okay quesadilla. The flavor didn't blow me away, but was plenty to satisfy a craving.
Oh my goodness!
After reading all of the great reviews for this place I had to check it out myself, and boy am I glad that I did!
I walk by this restaurant everyday on my way home from work, but it never looks like there is anyone in there. Let me tell you, everyone is missing out.
It is a small place, but that is not so important. I went there today for lunch and I was the only customer in the place. No one was rushing me or hovering. I placed my order and it did take about twenty minutes to come out, which surprised me because, again, I was the only customer, but it was sooo worth it!!!
I ordered the carnitas tostada, which is described on the menu as three tostadas with black beans, queso fresco, lettuce, avocado, sour cream and cheese. Delicious and so filling!! I could only eat two! They also bring you chips and a salsa (red or green) of your choice.
The service was pretty awesome as well! I didn't want for anything at all. It only cost $10.80. Inexpensive and authentic, a rarity!!
Can't believe I've been living three blocks from this gem and not knowing!! Making up for lost time and getting Quetz at least once a week. :)
Love this place, a must try if you love authentic mexican food.  Jorge the owner is living his dream of his own restaurant, and I'm loving the place.  Food is fresh, all cooked to order, the green chile salsa and warm spicy chips are great, as are the burritos, brisket tacos and chicken tinga. Beans and rice are very good.  It's a little hole-in-the wall type place with fast and hot take out/delivery.  Far better food than the El Vez and El Rey type places, which are so so on the food and very overpriced.  Definitely try Quetzally!
Quetzally is a bit off the beaten path, just a few blocks away from South Street, in a fairly residential area. Doesn't look like much from the outside, but I think is a gem in Philly. Delicious and inexpensive Mexican food with fast service and really delicious food. There's also really lovely Latino music playing too.

My friend and I had the chips and guacamole to share, which was $6.50 I believe. It was an enormous portion though with lots of fresh beautifully green guac. The table does come with some chips and salsa though, so if you would just like some chips to satisfy your craving, you don't need to order an appetizer if you don't want. The tortilla chips were thicker than usual, but very fresh tasting and great scoopers for the guac. Loved it.

I had the Mexican veggies fried rice. Lots of veggies mixed into the fried rice, including some extra hot jalapeño peppers, with a sunny side up egg on top. Again, a HUGE portion and the dish was $6. So delicious and flavorful. 

Overall, would highly recommend if you're in this part of Philly. Lots of choices for Mexican food and happy wallets for inexpensive prices.
Had a great experience here tonight. Came in about 20 minutes before close and they were welcoming and fast. All the food tasted fresh and was very tasty. We had guacamole to start- it's a generous helping. Chips were crispy. You also get complimentary salsa which has a kick. Deceiving because it's green! For the main course I had the chorizo tacos (three to an order and no mixing). The flavor was great- they said the meat is homemade. Husband had the chicken fajitas which were huge and he said "simple but very good". It's not fancy by any means, but gets the job done!! The festive music is fun too!
Went in on a Thursday night for takeout. We got the chicken tinga tacos with guac on the side, and a chorizo enchilada. Both were super flavorful and the green salsa was a perfect topping. We were delighted to see bonus churros included for free! The restaurant is small and cozy, we plan on returning soon.
Food is great. Ill start with that.

Service TERRIBLE. Delivery TERRIBLE (takes forever and the drivers don't read the instructions at all. Had my food not delivered on more than 1 occasion. The restaurant is losing money this way and they don't even know it. Easy fix too)
0 stars, if I could.

SO FRUSTRATED-I've had good experiences with their delivery, despite how long it would take to get here.

Tonight, after 1.5 hours, I called to find out where our food was, and was told they didn't have our order, and then suddenly they had our order, and they could have it to us in 20 minutes. But wait! No, they were closing and out of chicken and could not fill the order. 

Thanks, we'll get our Mexican from somewhere else from now on.
We all got the Chicken Tinga Tacos. We were on a food tour, so we just wanted one taco each. I ordered 4 tacos. The bill ended up at $35 and we got 4 orders of 3 tacos. Come on, Quetzally. You need to be sure you have the order clear. The girl at the desk did not speak good English. I'm all for promoting labor for immigrants, but don't have non-anglophones taking orders!

An even greater disappointment were the tacos. The seasoning was standard Tinga seasoning. That was good. The nachos and salsa they meal came with were also spot on. However, the shredded chicken breast was a great disaster. It had been cooked to oblivion. Hate to think we paid $2.75/taco to get dried out chicken. Imagine obliterating chicken in the oven at 450 for two hours. That was this chicken. This is unacceptable. Quetzally clearly needs to step up it's game. I am very surprised they are currently at a 4.5. Perhaps we got them on an "off" day. But for 4.5 stars, you can't have an "off" day in my book.

Find a different spot. I don't recommend this one.
This place was amazing! Very quaint place with authentic Mexican food. The tostadas were so deliciously crunchy and my fish tacos were so fresh! My boyfriend doesn't even eat Mexican food but I begged him to go with me and he even loved it! Definitely will be back!
We ordered from this place for the first time and really enjoyed it. From the queso, to the enchiladas, to the tostadas.

We will order again
Solid neighborhood mexican spot. I live right around the corner so I'm happy to have a decent place to stop and grab something to go on my way home. It is very small inside but you can also eat here. Keep in mind they have a $15 credit card limit. I had the steak tacos which were great, quality meat and fresh ingredients. I had the chicken enchiladas on another occasion and really wasn't a fan they had very little chicken and it reminded me of the precooked chicken strips you get in the grocery store. I prefer some fresh shredded chicken in my enchiladas but the sauce was flavorful and they give you rice beans and chips and salsa with your order. Staff is friendly and the place is clean.
Went to Quetzally a few months ago with my roommate and her mom - all excited to try a new option for Mexican food in South Philly.  We quickly found street parking and were the only customers in the restaurant.  The chef/server was very friendly and the food was delicious.  There was a bit of a language barrier - we thought we ordered 2 tacos each, but somehow ended up with 6 each, plus the sides we'd gotten.  As I recall, the confusion had to do with the tacos that come on the side with an order of soup vs. a separate order of tacos.  Our server was very apologetic when he realized there had been a miscommunication, and we decided to take the extra food home to eat later.  Everything tasted very good:  tacos (barbacoa, fish, chicken tinga, pork, steak), soups, and chips and guacamole.  No complaints, but other local Mexican restaurants offer more memorable food for the same price or less.
JORGE! JORGE, JORGE, JORGE!

This place popped up while I was overseas for two years, and I couldn't be more delighted to have returned to my place of employment a mere 2 blocks away with this as a viable lunch option. The reviews that are already here pretty much say it all. Great food, cozy little spot, and super friendly staff. Jorge, the owner, is an incredibly awesome guy, and a hustling hard-worker. He has put in his time in the restaurant industry and has definitely absorbed all kinds of good from his experience. He refuses to compromise quality or service, and has big visions for expanding his concept and reach down the road. Get in to Quetzally and chat it up with Jorge so you can one day say, "I ate there when..."
Placed a delivery order via Eat24 (Yelp) and was given an estimated time of 45 to 60 minutes. After 62 minutes, I called the restaurant to check on my order and was told with an attitude that it would be another 20-25 minutes. Also, "What's the problem buddy, we are busy". As I put them on hold to ask my friend if we still want the food, they hang up on me. I called Eat24 customer service and they couldn't get in touch with the restaurant either. Eat24 rep apologized and refunded me the charges. First and last time I give this restaurant a shot! 

PS: I even tipped 20%, so that couldn't have been the reason for the bad service and attitude.
I just left, and I already can't wait to go back to Quetzally.

The restaurant itself is warm and welcoming, with nice upbeat music playing. The staff are equally warm and welcoming! So take a seat and get ready to dig in.

Quetzally found a solution to a problem that I didn't fully realize I had. You know when you get nachos and there are so many toppings that you run out of chips to eat it all? Get this: Quetzally gives you *a basket of chips on the side*. It's such a small gesture but it really shows the incredible attention to detail and anticipation of their patrons' needs that really sets Quetzally apart. Another nice touch is that you are greeted with a glass of lemonade rather than water.

I ordered the brisket enchiladas with rice and beans and my brain exploded. Mind-blowing. Divine. Metaphor-mixing. The brisket was not too fatty but just fatty enough and (together with the rice and beans) perfectly seasoned -- not too salty, especially considering all of the cheese.

Quetzally, I will be seeing you again soon.
Ordered delivery tonight- took about 45 min. Food was nice and warm. Got the fish tacos and chorizo chalupas (which are really sopes!) and they were both amazing! This is the best mexican food I have had so far in Philly and....they DELIVER?! insane in the membrane.
Really great food.  Very pleasantly surprised with the layers of flavor in the rice, chorizo and tomatillo sauce.

The service was friendly, food really was great.  We need to go back
DO NOT GO HERE. 

I placed an order on Saturday night, and waited about thirty minutes for delivery. The delivery guy then called me, telling me that he went to Pine Street with my food. I told him I'm on VINE street, and he said he does not travel that far to deliver. (In that case, why did they take my order?) I called the restaurant and told them that the delivery guy was refusing to deliver and the owner got on the phone to say that he doesn't travel that far. I told him I had been waiting for my food and they shouldn't have taken my order, and made my food, if they didn't deliver that far. 

His answer? "Well, what do you want me to do about it? There's nothing I can do for you."

And then he hung up the phone. As I was speaking.

In summary: the restaurant made a mistake, forced me to wait, didn't find a solution, and then was rude and discourteous. 

Do yourself a favor and go to Plaza Garibaldi instead. It's great food and they are actually nice.
Quetzally has become one of my favorite Mexican restaurants in Philly. Their brisket in any and all forms (enchiladas, tacos, quesadillas, burritos) is a must order. I've dabbled in other menu items but always go back to the brisket.

I order takeout from here often. The nachos hold up to delivery well, in case you were wondering. Despite being topped with cheese sauce there's never a soggy chip in the pile. Their red & green sauces are also THE BEST. I tend to hoard them in my fridge for a couple days to use on anything I deem appropriate. Be prepared to pay with cash if you dine in.
This place as the best nachos I've ever had. Get the brisket and you won't regret it. One app is an easy full meal, or big enough to share with 4 people for an appetizer. Other things I've tried here and loved were tacos and tostadas. That brisket is on point, I'm telling you...
This place is a little gem.  Was there for cinco De mayo.  I had the chef special and it was great.  Fyi, it is byob!
I came here on saturday for takeout and got the Mexican fried rice. When we were paying, the cashier girl gave us the wrong change twice and gave us an attitude when we said we were short on the change (two dollars total). "Do you want me to show you the calculations?" I asked as nicely as I could. So turned off by her rude look.
The fried rice wasn't that great - it lacked flavor so it looks better than it is - the jalapenos gave it a kick but there's no point in having hot peppers when the food is bland. You can get cheaper mexican food on washington ave that's MUCH better.
What a yummy mexican restaurant. In Philadelphia surrounded by upscale mexican places that don't offer refried beans or creamy white cheese dip, I have found a restaurant that provides an authentic mexican flair. I started with the salsa and queso. Very delicious. The tostadas were just like I remembered back in Mexico. 

Don't forget to get a churro or two to end your meal. They are perfectly fried and filled with a delicious sweet filling. A not so hidden gem (as a lot of people came and went with to go orders) but a must try.
I struggled on whether to give three or four stars. The spicy pork quesadilla was soooo good. Pulled pork, cheese and pineapple were meant to be eaten together in between warm tortillas. Only problem? It wasn't spicy. I didn't even care but for the sake of someone else expecting that kick- it never came. The brisket tacos were delicious and not lacking in filling. 

Their phone just rang and rang without answer but they were pretty friendly when I walked over to place my order. We ordered salsa and received guac but when approached with the error, we got the salsa and kept the guac. Decent customer service recovery. 

Overall opinion: order from here and you'll be fat & happy- just make sure you check your order before leaving if it's takeout.
Having moved here from the California / Nevada border just a few months ago, I was craving the ubiquitous Mexican taco dive with street tacos for $1.00 each, cheap eats, and loud mariachi music at full blast. The kind that you walk out and you stink of onions and cilantro. I never thought I'd miss that!

This place is just around the corner from work so I tried it out one day at lunch. After we ordered, we received warm chips and a spicy green salsa that had quite a kick.

My $12 chicken fajitas came with 3 flour tortillas and a side of fresh guac and sour cream. Delicious!
My girlfriend and I ordered delivery from here last night. We ordered the chicken tinga tacos, the three cheese nachos, and the vegetable tacos.

The chicken tinga tacos were very good and held up well for delivery. The nachos were also really flavorful. You did have to dig into them a bit to get to a lot of the cheese and sauce that was in the middle and on the bottom. Not a bad thing however. My girlfriend also enjoyed the vegetable tacos.

While I wouldn't say that the tacos were the best I have ever had, they were very good and there was nothing to warrant a reduction of a star. Add the fact that you can get delivery makes it all that more appeasing. When you think delivery I typically think of pizza, wings, subs, Chinese food etc. Little did I know that delivery and  takeout could also include good quality Mexican food. Overall the food was really good and it held up pretty well for delivery. I was afraid the tortillas or the chips would get too soggy, but it wasn't bad at all. I am sure it would be even better if we had dined in. I will definitely order from here again.
Really tasty. I brought the kids here on a recent trip to Philly. The food was well above-average. The real standout was the homemade chorizo which we had on a tostada. Service was friendly and no problems with a bunch of kids.

We ate in but it looks like they do most of their business as a neighbourhood takeout spot.
Small, neighborhood restaurant with very good Mexican food. The chips and salsa were perfect! Crispy chips with a slightly spice salsa. Happy to have stumbled upon this restaurant. 

*Tip: It is cash only but they do have an ATM.
Very good, flavorful food. I don't go to philly much, so I'm not sure what the competition is like as far as Mexican food goes. But I would definitely come here again, if ever in the area. The place is small but clean and great prices too!
This place is simply the best. Fresh, legit Mexican food with excellent service, and you can bring your own great beer to accompany the whole situation. I went last Saturday and have to go back tonight.
This place is the perfect authentic neighborhood Mexican restaurant. The menu is big and has all the staples from tacos and burritos to sopes and enchiladas. The prices are extremely fair, the food comes out quick, tastes delicious, and it's a BYOB!

I had the chicken enchiladas with red sauce. They were delicious, a little spicy and very flavorful. The portion was big. My wife the chorizo sopes which were also delicious and heaping with chorizo. The chorizo was spicy and done perfectly. We shared a guac which I gotta say was just average. 

Overall, couldn't be more pleased. This place is a value and delicious if you like good Mexican food. Oh, and the owner helped serve us and was extremely nice.

Come here if you want good food for cheap prices. Expect a clean and comfortable (tiny- 12 seat) restaurant. Don't expect flair. You'll be pleased and I will say I told you so.
I'm from San Francisco where there is a taqueria every corner so if anyone has the entitlement to rate this place it would be me.

Philadelphia has almost no Mexican food so for what this city has to offer this hole in the wall is definitely the best.

Steak and shrimp quesadillas were both amazing, greasy just the way I like them, filled with cheese and meat.

Chips and guac tasted great, still warm and crunchy.

Only thing I would add to the menu is the basic option to order a cheese quesadilla. BIG PROBLEM
This place is horrible. The service is horrible and the food is mediocre! They don't even allow delivery drivers who's helping their business, use restrooms. They are also charging $2 to use their restroom.
One of my fave Mexican places in the city for take-out or delivery. The quesadillas are super yummy with lots of cheese and ingredients. The vegetarian options are awesome - the sopes, burritos, etc - are chocked full of vegetables!
We had seen this place several times as Fitzwater and Bainbridge are really the only place to park for free in Center City. 

I was very happy to see several vegetarian options on the menu, since my boyfriend of five years is one and it was another place we could both visit and eat happily. I ordered a tilapia burrito, not really expecting to much. It was cooked well, filling and decently priced. Much cheaper and better than Chipotle for a similar, yet deliciously different meal. The menu has plenty of great choices.
The chicken tinga. SO SO SO good. This has got to be hands down one of the most flavorful Mexican restaurants I have ever eaten at. The green salsa was so fresh. The red salsa was so different and delicious. I recommend the chickens tinga enchiladas with red sauce. 

Nice little place, fast service. About five tables. No high chairs for babies so keep that in mind.
Ordered delivery twice now and both times everything was exactly as ordered, delivered faster than estimated, the food was hot, the ingredients were fresh, and everything was delicious. Chips were crisp and not soggy. Lettuce was crisp and not wilted. Burrito was very sizable. Nachos were a very generous portion. Chorizo is delicious. Sauces are flavorful and not spicy just for the sake of spice. Nice heat with flavor. Will absolutely continue to order from here. Recommend.
Best nachos in the city. Good burritos. Fast delivery. Definitely recommend. Must have.serioulty these nachos are so damn good. Me and my fiancée are raving to put them down. So good. Worth the money. Must have. Nachos!! Seriously so damn good. I just ordered and just finished. And I want to order again.
I am in Mexico right now on the Yucatan coast in a place not yet over-run by Americans. The town is Bacalar. The shrimp and fish tacos at Quetzally are much better for the given price than what I have found down here in the taco motherland along the sea.

Case closed!!
Mexcellent veggie enchiladas!

Quetzally is a small local Mexican restaurant in South Philly. They have a simple no frills decor and limited seating space. It's more of a pick up and go place, but it's nice to eat there if they aren't full. When I went, they originally seated me and my friend at a four person table and then asked to move us when a group of five came in. They were nice about it and let us pick from the remaining two tables where we wanted to sit. 

As for the food: The veggie enchiladas at Quetzally are probably the best I've had in Philadelphia so far. We were also served a basket of tortilla chips with fresh red and green salsas. That was nice since a lot of places in Philly don't do that. As for the enchiladas, I had the chance to try the mole and red sauce enchiladas.. both were very tasty. Personally I prefer the red sauce because of its tangy and spicy flavor profile. I found mole to be too sweet for my palette. Nacho fries were good, but I don't know if I see myself getting them often or again. They're definitely worth a try though!

How was the Foodventure?: The meal was delicious overall, and I'll be back for some red sauce enchiladas sometime soon! Who knows, I may try green next?
Quetzally is quickly becoming my favorite spot for Mexican food in South Philly. And let me tell you, South Philly is chock-full of good Mexican places. Family owned and operated. Same people  making and serving your food no matter what day or time you go. I always get the tilapia tacos which are unbelievably delicious!! Tried something new and went with the steak fried rice. It came in a pile, topped with a sunny-side up egg. Truly amazing!! In total we had 2 orders of tacos, 1 order of steak fried rice, and an order of beans and rice. The bill was less than 30 bucks. Had our food in 5 minutes after ordering as usual. Give it a shot, can't go wrong!!
A cute little restaurant. We ordered food for pick-up (certain apps didn't have a churro option but they have it listed on their menu so I just called to place my order). Food was done quickly. 

I had the chicken tacos with cheese and avocado. So yummy! The churros were good, not doughy.
What a Mexican gem! This restaurant is like a piñata full of badass tacos.
Complementary fresh tortilla chips with salsa verde a great spicy sauce.
Chipotle chicken (tinga) tacos were delicious! Tender chicken. Great flavor.
The spicy pork tacos with pineapple was amazing! Get these! Burst of flavor!
This place is inexpensive, friendly, no frills, and great food.
Will definitely be back for the large dish of nachos I saw!
I've walked past Quetzally many times on my way to the Italian Market, but foolishly never stopped. Today, I finally wised up, and ordered a tilapia burrito to go, which turned out to be amazingly good. Stating the obvious: I highly recommended their tilapia burrito, and look forward to that happy day when I wisely drop by again.
I've ordered here twice for delivery and have been very happy both times. You can also order delivery right from the yelp app on your phone which is a big bonus. Took about 45 minutes to hour for delivery but it was a busy Saturday night and that's what they estimated it to be. Food is really good. I enjoy their tacos and burritos. Chicken tinga burrito has a very generous amount of meat. After getting real burritos here I will never look at chipotle the same again. The quetzally special hot dog is a must. Just add it to your order. The hot dog must be terrible for your arteries but completely worth it!
Awesome little hole in the wall. Our neighborhood is so lucky to have this little place nested in the apartments on fitzwater. We came here because it was close an easy. Good food. Great selection too. Very quick easy service. Love this spot and it's convenience. Must try ! I can't wait to try more here.
One of my favorite places for Mexican cuisine. I have been ordering from this place for a few years now. This has to be the freshest guacamole in the city. Taste great can't go wrong with anything you order here. I recently tried my first horchata it was great, glad I did that over the normal joritos soda. 

My favorite to order here is the lamb burrito very filling and flavorful. Juices from the lamb just come punching out of every bite. F*** I'm tempted to order just thinking of this right now! 

The Tilapia burrito is just as pleasing. A little less as heavy as the lamb burrito and can stuff down in one sitting or save half for later. 

The Quesadillas are amazing. Loved the chicken Tinga. Even saving a few bite for after a drunk night worked out amazing and even more enjoyably. Definitely a best of philly worthy place!
Not my favorite Mexican place and not even in my tops, but good enough to get the job done when you're drunk. The chips and guacamole were actually really good, I have no complaints there. We could've used some more chips, because we had a lot of guacamole left, but overall, we really enjoyed the guacamole. They put some peppers on top of the guacamole and I was surprised by this at first but it gave the dip a nice flavor, that I was a fan of. 

The shrimp tacos were mediocre. The actual flavoring of the shrimp tasted unusual. I'm not sure what it is cooked in, but different than I was expecting. Also, they put, I believe it was, cilantro on the tacos. That was weird and I didn't particularly enjoy that. My friend ordered some dipping cheese for the chips and they gave us a container of shredded cheese, so I guess they don't have any melted cheese.
We used to love this place and order from it more than once a month. 
During the pandemic they redlined our neighborhood. 
They say they deliver within 2 miles. 
I live 1.2 miles and they no longer come into to our neighborhood which is predominantly Black families. 
Prejudiced delivery policies have stopped me from ever eating here again, and I tell everyone.
Stopped for a late night bite with a few friends. Service was friendly, they were happy to give suggestions.  Tacos were good for a decent price. You get a double shell with each taco so it's very filling. Nacho fries portion was huuge we couldn't finish it! Spicy fries were well seasoned and crispy. 

A note though that their menu says that you get a free dessert if you spend 50$ and they said they weren't honoring that when we were there, not sure why!
The poblano soup was outstanding! However, my side order of rice and beans was mediocre at best. I'd consider returning for the soup if I'm in the area again, but they should truly step their rice and bean game up if they expect to be a Latino restaurant worthy of respect.
