Upgrading Race Street because my experience last night was solid. My friend and I had just finished dinner at Tuna Bar but we weren't ready to go home. I suggested hot toddies at Race Street and across the street we went. 

With only a few more nights until Christmas, this place was bumpin'! We grabbed a table but just a few minutes later, every seat was taken. The servers seemed to be rotating and everyone who stopped by our table at one point or another was super friendly. 

The hot toddies were delish (they also do a hot spiked cider) and didn't cost a fortune, which was nice. I also love the fireplace, which is always crackling away on a cold winter's night. It might even be time to try the food again. Hopefully I'll be back sooner than later for a revisit.
I returned to Race Street Cafe for brunch recently and was not disappointed. Service was friendly and there were quite a few brunch selections that sounded great. In the end, I went with the feta and spinach omelet, which came with tater tots, choice of breakfast meat and toast, and a side of fruit. Everything was delicious! 

Tables are packed together pretty tightly and my chair was constantly bumping against the person seated behind me. It's a tight squeeze when all the tables are seated.

I was glad we decided to check out Race Street for brunch. I don't get there too often but am always happy with my experience.
So I know you want to have a great meal in a unique building that was once a Farriers, right?  Don't go running to Google yet, I'll fill you in.  Back in the days when Ben Franklin was walking the streets of Olde City a Farrier was a blacksmith that also had some veterinarian skills. This is where you brought your horse for new shoes.  Today you bring your hungry/thirsty self for delicious craft beer and inventive food.

I'm a sucker for restaurants that are rustic old buildings with lots of wood and heavy beams.   Olde City has quite a few and this is one of the best.  The front of the building has two huge barn doors (to bring in the horses of course) that can be opened during the summer.  This creates a unique experience that should not be missed.  It the winter there is a wood burning stove that's very nice.

These folks have a full bar but they specialize in unique draft beers.  They have about 15 taps and on a recent visit I enjoyed a delicious Troubadour Belgian Pale.  

So what about the food?  I've visited for lunch many times and dinner twice.  The lovely wife and I have also enjoyed Sunday brunch so I think I have a good handle on the food.  A lunch sandwich is going to cost you about $10.  It could be a burger or chicken or pulled pork, or even fish tacos.  There is a long list of extra toppings that go for $.50.  Of course the sandwiches come with good fries.  The Spanish Burger - $10.50 is to die for. A combination of ground beef and chorizo sausage with melted Manchego cheese and fries topped with sautéed onions, jalapenos and cheese.  Add a craft beer and I'm in heaven.  

Expect your entrees to be in the mid-teens.  I've enjoyed a pork loin dinner for $16.50.

When I was at Sunday brunch I tried the Huevos San Lucas - $10 which is three fried eggs served over house made salsa, grilled andouille, and nacho chips topped with melted cheese and fresh avocado. Delicious!

A word or two needs to be said about the service.  Several reviewers have commented on negative experiences.  My experience has been that while sitting at the bar my service has been excellent.  When at a table my experience has been mixed.  It appears that the servers are overworked and a bit undertrained.  

When I rate a restaurant I look at atmosphere, adult libations, food, and service.  Even though the service is sometimes a little off the overall experience is so great I'm going four stars.
Oh, Race Street Cafe, I used to have so much fun at you.  Went with the girl on Saturday 7:00 pm and sat at the half-empty bar only to be totally ignored for almost ten minutes.

The two bartenders (who have always been a skipping stone away from being TGIF bartenders) used to do a pretty good job.  This night they cruised around, passing me several times, finishing off a few cocktails for the waitress and mucking with the cash register.  Just a nod would have satiated me, a little "be with you in a sec", but I got nuthin.  

That sucked.  So I left.  This is ALWAYS a deal breaker for me.  Hopefully you have better luck.
700. 

The number of course makes me think of Veteran's Stadium, which makes me think of football, which makes me think of Philadelphia sports, which makes me think of hockey, which makes me think of hockey players, which makes me think of Race Street Cafe (Flyers players are rumored to hang there), which will now make me think of my 700th review! Full circle. Don't you love it? 

Think that over for a second while I tell you what I most definitely love: Race Street Cafe's garden salad with buffalo chicken. Fresh mixed greens, shredded carrots, cherry tomatoes, blue cheese and two perfectly-crunchy strips of chicken in delectable wing sauce. Skip the standard balsamic dressing that comes with in exchange for homemade ranch, which had delightful flavors of fresh herbs. 

Yelp-tern Allison's special salad of the day had beets, halved hard-boiled eggs, red onion and fried goat cheese. I'm not a beet lover, but if that salad didn't look good...  

There were plenty of other things on the menu that I had ruled out in favor of the salad. I can't wait to go back again and again to tick them all off my list!
This place really has nothing going for except for a pretty good beer list.  The food is good, but the service is horrendous.  My wife and I often feel as if we are invisible as drinks go unfilled, plates uncleared, checks un-brought-en.  It is the most convenient restaurant to our house, and we tried to give it as many opportunities as possible, returning 4 times.  We were constantly disappointed.  We have made a promise to eachother that we will not give into convenience and walk the extra blocks to Standard Tap or North Third.
So a bunch of us went here last night, solely because it was close to an event we were at.  Upon first glance the bar looked warm and inviting. But unfortunately the bartender and waitress were FAR from that.  I've never in my life been treated with more disrespect by the staff at a bar.  I guess too much business is overwhelming and unwanted at this place. The girl server was so incredibly rude.  She didn't even ask us once, all night, if we needed anything.  She only yelled at us for getting in her way.  So ridiculous. And then, when we were forced to go to the battened for help he wanted nothing to do with us.  In the future we'll all just go to any other bar in the area.  There's plenty that appreciate customers and business. Too bad for Race street cafe because we like to spend money.
I'm bummed to say that my second visit to Race Street Cafe was a bust. On Saturday of Memorial Day weekend, the bar was understaffed and overwhelmed. Our server was nice but clearly spread too thin between the many occupied tables in and outside. Our food took forever and drinks were almost as long. 

The food was good for bar food but there was no reason why we should have waited as long as we did. Needless to say, I won't be recommending the place on a weekend though I'm sure I'll return for lunch sometime.
Yes, I understand Saturday night can get busy.  No, that is not excuse for wait over an hour for a Po'boy, being ignored anytime I attempted to make eye contact or ask a question.  Even grabbing drinks at the bar (you know, because our waitress was MIA) was a chore.  

It might not be fair for me to review the food, given the long wait and receiving a Po-boy that looked like it was rushed together when they staff realized I did actually order food, but life isn't fair.  It should be no surprise that I was disappointed, even more so after my friend kept reassuring me that it would be worth the wait.  At least my bill was brought out with my food, avoiding any additional wait (yes, that is sarcasm).
What a surprise, this place is on Race Street in Old City!  That's good news because, as they say, this location is a little off the beaten track.  That means that Old City tourists don't visit as often.

This is one small place.  A beautiful bar, a few tables and that's all she wrote.  What counts is the food and the libations and they are outstanding.  

This week I stopped by for a quick lunch and chili was on the menu.  This was seriously good chili with some serious heat.  It was definitely the meat lovers' version with chicken, beef, and chorizo.  It was served with tortilla chips and delicious with one of the many excellent microbrews on the menu.  

There's plenty of bar food on the menu but there is more to this café than that.  This week two of the specials were grilled skirt steak with Portobello mushrooms or Mahi mahi with salsa and sliced avocado.  Yummmm.

I don't want to forget the people here.  They are very pleasant and efficient.  Between the food, the drink, and the staff your visit is likely to be a pleasure.
Back when I was in the full throws of dating, a guy brought me to Race Street Cafe.  I don't remember his name, I don't remember much about the cafe, what I ordered, the service, etc.  Last night I hit up the same place with a friend, and though I don't remember much about the first time I was there, I had some definite déjà vu.  

For someone who drinks beer but doesn't really care what she's drinking as long as it tastes good, Race Street Cafe has a good selection.  I took my recommendation from my friend's roommate, but when they were out of the beer my friend wanted to order, the bartender was happy to suggest some similar brews and bring her some samples.

I wasn't that hungry (read: I wanted to fill my gut with beer rather than food), so I ordered the roasted duck spring rolls from the appetizer menu.  The plate came out with three good-sized, crispy, full rolls, a side of dipping sauce, and a side salad made of mixed greens, carrot, tomato and a peanutty dressing.  I loved, loved, loved it and cleared my plate of all but half of the last spring roll, which, due to the two very tall glasses of wheat beer, there was no room for.

Also at my table were the scallops special, which was served over an amazing risotto, and the spicy southwestern turkey burger, which I didn't try, but my friend loves it so much she orders it every time she goes there.

I really liked the atmosphere of Race Street Cafe.  I can see why a date would have taken me here... It's a little dark, relaxed, has a decent beer selection and great food.  If you want to prolong your date, you won't mind the fact that the service is slow; more time to make gaga eyes at each other and come up with awkward first date conversation.  However, I wasn't on a date this time, and the lack of attention is my reason for the lost star.
Last night we hit up Race Street for some brews after ice skating. The lighting was dim, the fireplace was kicking, and Radiohead was the soundtrack. It was a very comfy place to kick back for a couple hours with friends. 

We ordered a few dishes and I remain skeptical of the offerings. Buffalo shrimp were a disappointment as they arrived completely naked - no batter or any sort of crunchy coating - and just sort of marinating in buffalo sauce. At least it was a healthy snack! Waters were requested but never brought over to the table, even after a server mentioned he would be back with waters after we asked. 

Great spot for a beer with friends while in the area, maybe a bite if you know what to order, but probably not a destination.
There really needs to be more places like here by my book. It's a bar/cafe that has really incredible food that goes beyond the usual bar expectations. It also has an incredible beer selection. It's not Monk's/Eulogy incredible but it is amazing. possibly even my third pick for beer selection in the city. and the staff are all friendly and capable of matching a beer to the description of what you like.
Another reason to like this place is the atmosphere. even when it's packed it doesn't feel crowded. it also has a good decor that adds onto it welcoming appeal. It also changes it's art monthly to go with the nearby First Friday flair. and a lot of it's art is usually available for sale.
We didn't want to wait for a table so we ended up eating at the bar which wasn't a problem.  Service was reasonable, price was better than reasonable.  I had a burger, she had the pulled pork sandwich.  Both were exactly what you'd expect, nothing too fancy, just good American bar food.  Fries were seasoned (think more Arby's fries, less McD fries), def a plus in my book.  There were a lot of beers on tap, but we went for only food.  Atmosphere was very comfortable (not uptight), not too loud, quiet music, I'd go back.
Located in Old City, near the BF bridge. 7pm on a Sat.
Pros:
Location - One of the only bars/restaurants on the Northern Edge of Old City
Burger and Fries - Burger is great, french fries are even better.
Beer - Cool selection, always changing.
Vibe - Laid back, local crowd.

Cons:
Food - Other than the Burger and Fries it's not great. I've tried 5 or 6 different things and most are either bland or not good. Every time I go at least one person at our table thinks their food isn't good. If only they would get the Burger!
No Room - It's small so if it fills up you're outta luck. People tend to take the tables and chill all night.

In Between:
Service - If you're in a hurry or used to "Franchise speed service" don't go here. They're friendly and laid back.  This could be a Pro or a Con depending on what you are looking for. For me it's a Pro, for the missus, a Con.
We love this place and go all the time for weekend brunch. The owner is really friendly and he stops by our table to say hi and talk to my boyfriend about hockey. 

They can't quite get the over easy/poached eggs right. The yolk is usually hard. I compensate by ordering an omelet. The potatoes are to die for, and every breakfast dish is served with a fresh fruit cup. 

The atmosphere is great. We love that they have trivial pursuit!
Neil - thank you for your comments, but I'm seeing a pattern with a lot of the feedback - food, location and atmosphere are practically perfect, it's your customer service .. if you don't fix that the other stuff won't matter.  Have you changed your wait staff or provided them feedback about what the customers are saying?  If you have given them feedback, maybe you need to fire them.  If you haven't do it NOW!  They need to know that customers will stop returning, no tips, no money, no business.
I wonder if Donna H and I went on the same night, because the exact same thing happened to us. I went here before, and LOVED it.  This time the service was beyond awful. The server did not even introduce himself, instead he pointed to us for our orders. He did not come over ONCE to refill our drinks or water, and did not ask us how the food was.  It took him over 15 minutes to get the check, and did not crack a smile the whole time.  The food was very good, but the service really spoiled the meal and the atmosphere. What a bummer!
Came in last night after attending the Chinese lantern festival with my boo. The festival didn't have much food- so after all the walking we did we worked up an appetite. On this night it was very crowded but we got in right before the last table was taken. 

We started off our meal with some drinks, he got the rum and coke I just got a plain coke- and he was enjoying his drink. Then we ordered the chicken quesadilla for an appetizer to start off. It came right away and tasted so good. It had just the right amount of chicken and cheese inside, and had a spicy salsa drizzled on top. 

As for entrees I got the grilled chicken sandwich with French fries and my man got the pan seared duck which was the special of the day. 

My sandwich was huge and the chicken was juicy and flavorful, it was dripping down my hand! When the sandwich drips down your hand or mouth.... then you know the sandwich will be good. The French fries were nice and crispy and were salted perfectly! I'm not a duck eater but my boo enjoyed the duck and was saying that it was really good. 

I like this place cause the food is always so tasty, and the staff are super friendly and are good at their jobs. When people get finished and leave- the tables are cleared off quickly and are ready for the next mass of people walking in. This is a new favorite spot for me and maybe one day soon I'll try one of their mixed drinks and see how well they are put together as well! 

I definitely recommend this spot to have a nice meal!
I have just discovered that Race St. Cafe has really amazing mussels. I had no idea! The harissa spiced broth is unique and tasty and it comes with a generious amount of chorizo, plus garlic bread for sopping up that yummy sauce.  The mussels were fresh and not gritty at all.  As usual, the beer selection and music were great, but the slow and inattentive service keeps this place in the 3-star category.
Still my go-to spot for catching up with friends over great food and drinks. And u still can't go wrong with the specials. Any special will be a winner. On my last visit I had the special appetizer, a delicious plate of pork spring rolls. It did not disappoint. 

My previous review in 2015 wasn't too specific, so I'll highlight some of menu mainstays that keep me coming back in 2021. The bacon wrapped meatloaf is my favorite entree. My mouth waters just thinking about it. The brisket entree is good too. For appetizers the wings & nachos are awesome. The carrot cake is my favorite dessert. It's a moist square slice that stacks up against any bakery. If they don't have that go for the bread pudding.  For lunch the juicy race st burger always hits the spot.

I'm so happy to report that Race Street Cafe continues to be a 5 star spot after all these years.
i'm torn on this place. it's a cute, cozy spot to grab drinks, the beer selection is quite good, but as for a restaurant this place is lacking. the nachos are gross. and the food is overpriced for what it is. 

race street, if you want to be a bar that serves food, then make it really well done bar food, don't try to get too fancy. if you want to be a restaurant with a great beer selection, then you're gonna have to step up your game and serve some better food and improve the service. the waitstaff here is blah and a little rude at times.

all in all, if you want a place to grab a beer in old city but want to avoid the nonlocal douche crowd, this is your place. if you want a great meal, however, i suggest you look elsewhere.
I found my new neighborhood spot! Race street cafe may be small but it's a spot for great food. I've been here twice now and both time were great. On cold winter nights they turn on their fireplace and honestly it's one of my favorite things about the spot!

Food I've tried here: Cesar salad, the Race street burger, the Spicy southwest turkey burger, and their fries. 

It's not the biggest establishment, but I like the atmosphere inside. The bar wraps around the front into the back which is nice because the added seating is needed for such a small place.
We have been going to Race St Cafe for over 5 years, but our last few experiences there have made it worth writing a little review.  It is a wonderful irish pub style bar.  Over the years, the beer selection has been excellent.  So why a 2 star rating?  3 big reasons:  firstly, the food quality has dropped significantly from what was once pretty high.  secondly, the service level, though still friendly on the surface, has lost most of its character and seems passionless..  and this has made the atmosphere just not worth remembering any more.  thirdly, resulting from the first two, it is now well overpriced for the beer, quality of the food and service.  I hope that one day race st returns to its former glory days where the people working were cool, the food better, and you felt good about being there.  There was an atmosphere, regulars felt like home.  No More.  Forget any favors here, those days are long gone.  For now, it continues its steady decline.
Awesome bar, cool atmosphere, foods ok and the service is crappy! Went there for lunch not too long ago and they just seemed miserable, like everything i asked was an issue. Pub atmosphere / Dive bar service :(
Recently moving back to the city, I wondered what would replace my suburban go-to restaurant:  Iron Hill.  I know. I know. A chain restaurant ... easy to replace in the city.  BUT, I crave fresh salads...soups...a decent drink and most imortantly a good value.  After trying to make SIlk City that go-to restaurant it failed when winter came...then came Race Street. 

My new neighborhood, go-to restaurant.  Everyone is attentive, friendly and helpful. "Get the grilled cheese...you'll love it,"  said the bartender. I did.  It's a creamy, crunchy fabulous meal.  Simple, easy food is a forte here; but that's not to knock the more refined dinners.  The entrees are well thought out and delicious...I particularly love the scallop risotto.  Not too heavy, fresh, and flavorful. And the beer list is varied and interesting.  

The best part?  Enough room for everyone.  A warm, cozy atmosphere in the winter (or a breezy cool one in the summer).   And the price is right.  Life is goof..as someone said not too long ago....
I will say that in all fairness, this review is based on a visit during Memorial Day weekend when the restaurant seemed understaffed.  Perhaps, at another time, when they are ready to serve at capacity the overall experience would be better.

We came in a group of seven and were able to secure an outside table.  With our minds set on food and drink, we sat and quickly ordered nachos and wings to start.  When our apps came, they were quickly devoured because well, we were hungry.

Next, we ordered main courses.  No one got anything crazy or made modifications to their ordered entrees.  Unfortunately, I believe it took nearly an hour for our sandwiches to arrive.  During that period of time, we never saw our waiter and I even had to go inside at one point to find him just to ask about ordering another round of drinks.

Finally, our food did arrive and I have to say that I really found the roast pork sandwich pretty poor.  I'm not sure how roast pork gets to the texture of the way it was served to me but it was.  I was very unimpressed.

After the check was dropped off, we sat for a long while and didn't see our server.  I took it upon myself to take the bill and the cards inside to save our server the trip.  He informed me that they only will separate a bill on at most 3 cards.  That philosophy is not conducive for groups.

I'm not making any plans to return to this place.  While I'm not opposed to dining here again, it's not on my short list.
I tried to like the place, I really did.

I live steps away from this restaurant, and I have visited a few times since moving to Old City. They do have a great beer selection and a dark, pub atmosphere. It's nice to come with another person over a drink. 

My problems have come from the service. The first time I went, there was a problem splitting my check (we were just splitting it on two cards) and it was a mess to sort out. However, that is totally forgivable. 

The second time my boyfriend and I went, it was for brunch on New Year's day. The place was really crowded and we expected to have a bit of a wait for our food, but it got to the point where the two of us were getting way too hangry for our own good, and our drinks weren't being refilled which didn't help. When we got our breakfast, I was satisfied, but my boyfriend found that there was too little on his plate, so we had to eat again when we got home. 

The third and last time we went (which will unfortunately be the last) was on one of the days where there had been a snow storm. We went for dinner and again, waited way too long for our food. Our waitress saw that, and bought us a round of beer, which was totally cool of her. We were in no rush (nor were we hangry either!) but when I got my fish tacos, I scarfed them down. I apparently shouldn't have chosen a fish dish, because the next day I got so incredibly sick from food poisoning-and I'll leave it at that. 

So, I want to like the place, and I have given it a few tries, but I don't want to risk going there again.
This was more like a comfortable pub than a cafe on the night I went. They have an eclectic selection of taps, but the ones I ordered were all delightful. The food was also really good. I had what they deem a Crab Melt, that was well seasoned and tastey. My lovely date for the evening had a burger, and I wish I could remember what kind it was to recommend it to you folk. At any rate it had guacamole on it, and the burger had the best spicy seasoning I've ever had on a burger. This place is great for hanging out and drinking with buds, or nice dates.
One of my favorite places. Great food. Comfort, bar food. But better. Lots of beers to choose from and a great wine selection. It's a neighborhood bar for those who live in old city. But not an old city hang out. People from Jersey don't go here. It's adorable. The only reason I can't give it 5 stars. The service isn't the best. Sometimes it's awful.
All around this place is a cozy bar with great food, and a great drink menu.  I cannot emphasize that enough, my cheese stuffed chicken was delicious, and my date's burger looked just as good!  

What is really killing this place for me was the slightly unwelcoming wait staff, along with the extreme difficulty we had with getting her to tend to our drink and food needs.  By all means I think she just had one of those tough gal personalities, and power to her, but the service was all around rough and really took the experience down.
Great food, great atmosphere, great beer/wine list, but spotty service.  Its a great spot in the winter because of the fireplace, and cool in the summer.  The Crab melt was good, but our waitress seemed to ignore us and be bored with us.  Great if you are in the area!
Good beer, good food. A little cramped when you're trying to squeeze six people into a four top without pissing off management, but the food and beer makes it worth the close atmosphere. I had a pint of Bar Harbor Blueberry and the Spicy Southwestern Turkey Burger. Both were delicious, delightful, and de-lovely, the whole bit. Even the fries were amazing. Looks like a good place to get a "step above" your normal pub fare. There sandwiches are reasonably priced, the staff is attentive, and I definitely wouldn't mind going back and trying the Crab Melt that my date said was delicious!
A surprising last-minute find on a short trip to visit my brother in the city of brotherly love. Typical pub atmosphere and typical pub food but everyone loved everything they ordered. The nachos with chili, the buffalo chicken sandwich, and the steak salad were standouts. My brother loved his chicken Caesar salad and buffalo wings and sis-in-law loved her burger. A great find- especially since it's so close to the touristy waterfront area. Service was a bit hectic on the Sunday afternoon we were there (Labor Day weekend) but they were busy with a few big tables. All in all I would return!
My FAVORITE place in Philly (seriously, if you see a tall blonde at the bar there's a good chance it's me). Great food with yummy daily specials and excellent beers on tap.  Not really a place to go for a crazy night, but If you're looking for a great neighborhood spot in Old City, this is the place to go.
We stopped by on a Sunday for brunch and it wasn't packed at all. We order the eggs your way and the hangover. Honestly they are the same exact things. It's just that one has everything put together as a sandwich and the other has all the ingredients of the sandwich separated. There's really no difference between the two other than that. Both were very good and it seems like a really chill spot to grab a quick bite.
Race St Cafe is great for what it is. A neighborhood cafe with fairly priced grub and beverages. And it is on par with the expectations of similar places to it. I guess this is my way of saying for a neighborhood bar and casual restaurant with fair prices, it's pretty darn good.

5 of us are outdoors, getting 4 sandwiches, a salad, and a few beers, a mixed drink and a glass of wine. Somehow the bill was like $100... unheard of really. We tipped well because of the fair prices, great service, always full water and pet friendly sidewalks where nobody treated us like the "annoying being your dog to dinner people" that I have seen others say they were treated like elsewhere. They clearly are a part of the neighborhood and appeal to local guests of all ages, pets and no pets. 

The burger and fries met my expectations - it was actually better than I had expected. That alone would keep me coming back (that and it's so close).
A 5 star rating would actually take something away from this place...I mean this is more like a cozy neighborhood pub than a cafe...and I like it that way.

That being said...expecting pub food and finding dishes that belong more in a fine back street bistro in Paris is indeed a welcome surprise. We started off with a couple of great tap beers that went very well with the calamari. The calamari was fried perfectly with cauliflower and jalapenos. It came with 2 sauces, one seemed like a chipotle mayo and the other was a little too sweet which is fine because the calamari didn't need any accompaniment. My wife had the poulet and I had the pork chop. Both were cooked perfectly and the poulet had a crisp skin and tender/juicy meat. The poulet came with roasted potatoes and the pork came with a mash of sweet potatoes, both came with haricot vert.

Great cozy and casual ambiance paired with friendly service make Race Street Cafe one of my new go to places in my hood.
It's a shame it wasn't a great experience that I had somewhere that inspired me to finally put my Yelp account to good use and write a review. I just felt like I had to warn people about this place. 

Other people have mentioned the service issues in their reviews, but really that's what it all boiled down to for me here. Beyond the one star that I'm required to give, I'll throw another on for the great beer selection.

My friends and I walked in the door and were completely ignored. I understand if you don't have a host; you're a bar, that's cool. But am I supposed to seat myself? Am I supposed to wait to be seated? Can I get a simple hello, because I'm here to spend my money at your establishment? We fended for ourselves to nab a table and waited for someone to bring us menus. And waited. And... nothing happened, so literally 10 minutes later we got up and got menus ourselves (!!), whereupon another 5 minutes go by and a server (who I think has been mentioned unfavorably on this site before, management take note) came over and asked, "So are you hungry?" No greeting or acknowledgment beyond that. We ordered and got our food in decent time, thankfully. 

My fish and chips, a special for the night, were distinctly lacking the malt vinegar that the blackboard promised. The fries were burnt on the outside and oddly mealy on the inside. The fish was cooked well but could have used that malty goodness that I had expected.

We received enough attention until it became clear that we weren't going to order any more drinks, when our server went back to chatting with the bartenders, the locals, and generally ignoring out sorry asses. We had to get up and ask for the check, and after it was brought to us, had to get up again to hand it to our server with our money.

I agree that this could be a good spot to sit at the bar and have a drink, but they shouldn't even bother pretending to serve food.
Verdict: Nice find on a random night in Philly

I'd go back. Just ate before arriving but the food looked good. Nice selection of beers. 

I got a Weihenstephan and it came in a nice, tall glass. Recommend you get one of those. It's a good bet and not too filling.

Interesting journey to the bathroom. It's in the back and you'll feel like you're going into the kitchen. Have faith. It's back there.
I used to come here fairly often when a friend of mine lived nearby.  After he moved, I forgot about Race St. Cafe until I saw a gift certificate deal on restaurant.com.  With the nice weather on Friday, we decided to walk over from Northern Liberties and take advantage of the gift certificate.  

It was a little before 8pm and there was about a 10 minute wait for a table for 2.  Once we were seated, it took a while for our server to come over, then it was about another 15 minutes before our order was taken.  Our server seemed a bit distracted and he didn't mention the specials.  In fairness, they were up on the board that I could see clearly from my seat, but generally the server should explain them. He also never brought the water that I asked for.  Then, confusingly, a second server stepped in which made it awkward.  For example, he took our beer order, then 30 seconds later our other server came over and asked if we needed another beer.  

The food here is tasty gastropub fare.  I had the roast pork Italiano.  The pork was juicy and flavorful + sharp provolone + sauteed spinach.  I'm more of a broccoli rabe girl when it comes to pork sandwiches, so I did miss the bitterness.  Note to veggie burger lovers - the veggie burger is a Gardenburger brand veggie burger (not house made), although they do dress it up a bit with onions & a pita and it's really not bad. I've had it for brunch here before. 

To sum it up: Atmosphere: dark & cozy, great music (they played Radiohead's "King of Limbs" in it's entirety).  Food: above average bar food.   Service: needs work.  Beer: good selection and you can get a beer flight of five 4oz beers of your choosing for $10 (nice way to sample a bunch of beers on tap). 

Race St. cafe is a solid spot if you happen to be in Olde City and need a beer & a snack.  Also you can't beat a $25 gift certificate for $2 if you happen to catch a sale on restaurant.com.
We took our brother here (he is visiting from Aspen CO) and we all had a pretty underwhelming experience.  I've been to RSC before (a few times) and so has my other brother and his wife: we all had previously great experiences which is why we chose to bring our youngest brother here for his last dinner before heading on a flight back home. 

We found ourselves apologizing for bringing him there on our way out.  Their burgers, and the pulled pork used to be fabulous. Service was slow, but we figured it may have been because we weren't drinking...but maybe that's the new norm.  Our 'spicy' chorizo burgers weren't really spicy, but dry, the cheese not even fully melted on top, and the pulled pork was underwhelming and the sweet potato fries were undercooked and thick, and the buns were hard/stale.  The highlight of the meal was actually, and surprisingly, the spicy wings appetizer.  

We likely won't be back even though its in the neighborhood. They didn't even bother to tell us the specials...maybe it's turning into a drinking spot instead. Not sure what happened at Race Street Cafe....
Since we moved to center city, about four years ago, we've heard about Race Street cafe.  Good pub food and a beer engine.  Tonight we decided to try it, hoping for two seats at the bar.  We found those two seats and that was the last good news.  The bartender treated us as if our existence irritated him, barely acknowledging our presence.  I asked for a taste of the cask conditioned IPA and when I decided against it, he ignored us over over ten minutes.  So, twenty minutes after sitting down, I finally had a beer.  Then, we ordered a plate of nachos which, though this also took about twenty minutes to arrive, it arrived with cold, unmelted cheese....And no one seemed to care when I mentioned that the cheese hadn't been melted. Suffice it to say that this was a deeply disappointing experience and one we will never repeat.
Surly service. Mediocre food. Good beer. We came from seeing a movie at the Ritz. Should have gone to the Khyber--food is much better. Anyway, I can see how this place might be acceptable if you live in the neighborhood. But it is not a destination.
Went there late night for some drinks and snacks.   Was greeted by the bartender (owner?) Mark who was very welcoming.  Sat at a gorgeous table in front of the open window and proceeded to eat and drink more than we wanted but everything was so wonderful and the music was FABULOUS!!!!   We had the shrimp quesadillas and chicken wings which were both delicious.  Then came dessert.  Omg.  The creme brûlée was one of the best I've ever eaten.  The drinks were original but simple.  I have to be honest and say I got plastered on some agave tequila drink that was light and refreshing.   The waitress was sweet and the bartender Mark was helpful and a genuinely nice guy.  2 appetizers, 4 drinks, 2 beers, 2 sodas and 2 desserts was only $60.00.  And there are three cute outside tables.   Lots of GF options as well.  Gluten free beer too!
Quaint little cafe/brew pub. Not sure what to classify this one. However, the interior is cozy, service is great, prices are decent and portions are good size. 

I had the soup of the day which was chicken something... sorry, I forgot the name, but it was broth base with various veggies, chicken and meatballs. It came on a big soup plate, piping hot and delicious. Just right to warm you up on a cold dreary day. 

I had also ordered the nachos, being that I anticipated a small soup... I couldn't eat all of it. They were served on a big baking dish and wonderfully spread out with toppings clear across the board. Not one of those tall stacks of chips with a bit of topping and nothing but plain chicps below. This was beautiful topping coverage and had a really nice flavor to it. 

If you are visiting the local sights like the Betsy Ross house or Elfreth's Alley, take the few steps out of your way and stop by here. It's worth it.
The service and ambiance were great.  They had a really great beer selection.  The menu was really weak for vegetarians.  Although meat eaters had much larger, selection I would not recommend this place for dinner.  A light and boring lunch if you in the area.  But  Dinner no.  

I would not come back to eat, drink yes.  But given that it is a tad out of the way and the beer was a tad pricey, it will be awhile.  But it is well worth checking out if you have not already done so. 

I would give it 3.5 stars if that were possible.  I will round up due to great service and great beer selection.
This was my first time at Race Street Cage and I am upset that I haven't visited earlier.  I love the atmosphere of the dim lighting and the music was a nice variety.  I reviewed the draft beer list and it was a nice selection.  I was meeting up with a friend so we decided to start with a flight of craft beers - that was the best decision - I enjoyed the IPA's (of course), but a few sours surprised me and that doesn't happen too often.  

The environment was so chill, we decided to stay and order some food - I had the Calamari and my friend had the quesadilla - both were good and we thought it would be worth returning to try other menu offerings in the future.  

I will return and bring others - Note:  It is not a large place - limited seating - as the night went on it did become crowded.
I would have never thought the Race street cafe was a serious bar or restaurant. I passed by it dozens of time without even realizing so. With its proximity to the major tourist district, it could stay probably in business with mediocrity made unimportant by prime location. Race Street is an easy place to get to if you're on a bicycle, kind of inconvenient otherwise. The guys working there were nice enough to make change for the meter. A quarter only gets you 7.5 minutes now, so there's a real need to stock up.

There is an impressive tap menu with 15 taps, one being a hand pump. There was a great mix of all kinds of different beers, and I love a place that strives to have a few brews that aren't found elsewhere in the city. I had a Summit Pale Ale, which I've never even heard of before, and it complemented my food well.

For atmosphere, the bar is really nice. There are three tables outside, and I think it's really nice to eat outside when the weather is great. They even have a dish for water for dogs when you're outside. There is a nice wooden bar, and although I was barely inside, it seemed like a great spot. I went with Jonny and we arrived shortly after the opening time, so the waiters weren't too attentive. The menu had a good mix; this is a great brunch spot, and I image it's even better for dinner. I ordered a frittata, which came with their "brunch salad." My meal was excellent. Jonny had some kind of Mexican themed breakfast, which also looked good. I was really impressed with the food.

Bottom Line: This is easily one of the best bars in the Olde City area. Still, it's not remarkable. I'd like to give it a shot again, and see how it is on a weekend night. With a great menu, and an ample supply of beer, Race Street could be a regular spot for almost anyone.
Why do they call themselves a café when coffee isn't listed on their menu? More of a pub with overpriced food. Service was spotty the day I went there, though they do have a woodstove.
Good food that is more than your standard pub fare.  Good beer/wine list.  Great atmosphere.  The chili was especially good; I'd order it again.  The roast beef sandwich was delicious.  The turkey burger was just okay.  I'll definitely be back to try more of the menu.
Very nice pub atmosphere with low lighting, but slightly loud music. (They were perfectly willing to turn it down when we asked.) 5 of us were eating:
Chicken roulade--very tasty with a good herb crust. Came with very mild garlic mashed potatoes.
Grilled chicken sandwich--"met my expectation of a chicken sandwich at a pub" according to my sister's boyfriend. The accompanying french fries were crispy and very tasty.
Stuffed trout--my dad's choice from the specials menu; he considered it very good...so good that he ate it all before I could con him out of a bite.
Duck spring rolls--Mom made dinner out of this appetizer item, but found them rather disappointing. The duck was somewhat oily and lacked the vegetables one normally expects in spring rolls. She was glad it came with a small green salad.
Veal ravioli--my own choice from the specials menu. Tasty, with a good sauce that mopped up well with the 2 pieces of french bread that came on the plate.

Service was good and very friendly. We were offered tastings of several of the 12 microbrews they had on tap. 

BONUS: Just around the corner from the restaurant is Mr. Barstool, a bar supply store. Life-size statues of Jake & Elwood Blues, Charlie Chaplin, and Elvis were arranged outside, perfect for photographing!
I can't say it was a great meal. not horrible, but I wouldn't go back personally.

We sat outside and the waitress kept addressing us and the table next to us at the same time (very strange). She messed up the table on the other side of us' order. Even though we had a pretty simple order I think we waited a good 30 minutes or so for our food.

My boyfriend ordered a cheeseburger plain and cheese fries, he got a cheeseburger with everything on it and plain fries (no cheese). I got blueberry pancakes - the blueberries were pretty tasteless and the middle of the pancake was uncooked.

It was fairly cheap though, so I'm not mad or anything, but I can't say I'd go back.
nice, as bars go.  i've been there twice and never had any food, and was very pleased.  a casual atmosphere and good beer selection, with a few TVs for watching a game.
Pulling my suitcase on Sat morn from the Courtyard at City Hall to the Comfort Inn at Penns Landing, figured I ate at too many good restaurants the past two weeks since I arrived at Philly, really needed some exercise instead of taking the subway. Had to change from a really nice clean reasonable priced hotel to a overpriced dump that charged almost 2.5x as much, just because every hotel was booked in downtown due to a convention, so Comfort Inn jacked the price up, I had no choice, didn't rent a car and had to stay another week to finish the job. I do have to say the view of Ben Franklin bridge and the water front was very nice, but they really need to do some major work on the hotel, have to get that review up soon.  
 
Google map was showing Comfort Inn on 3rd and Cherry, so very wrong! I contacted google and they had corrected it since. I wandered that area for 15 min and finally called the hotel for directions, the lady told me to head down Race street and on the other side of the freeway, but informed me the room won't be ready until 1:00, I checked out of Courtyard at 10, and it was even 11 yet, I started toward it anyway since a few drops of rain already made its way to the ground, and I didn't have an umbrella. Going the suggested route was how I chanced upon Race Street Cafe, I quickly lookup Yelp and it did return some good reviews, so a brunch was the perfect way to kill some time. 

I dragged my suitcase up the short flight of stairs, sat myself at the somewhat empty bar near the kitchen opening, the first impression was good, the place was small and intimate, a handful of people already there. Someone must of connected their ipod with his/her collection of Elvis tunes, didn't really fit with the decor, but I kind of liked it, and was surprised how many songs I actually knew. I queried the selection on tap and tried the Sly Fox Abby Ale, maybe I was parched from the walk, but was amazed how good it was. I sat there for a bit looking at the menu and the board's special, not sure what it was at the time, I just couldn't get comfortable.  

Debated a little longer and ended up with the salmon latkes, the special from the board, overheard the kitchen complaint about something after the waiter placed my order in, or maybe it was my imagination. I read the local Metroactive equivalent for a bit before another waitress brought me my plate, they did a good job on the latkes I thought, really hit the spot. For a moment I pictured this place could be a good hangout after work, but it soon lost its appeal when I sat there with my empty plate and empty glass. The staff seemed very friendly toward the other people at the place, but simply ignored me right after dropping off the food. Didn't even come back to see if I wanted another drink or anything else. Did they think I had a chopped up dead body in my suitcase? Was I wearing the wrong color shirt that day? Oh well, definitely didn't feel welcomed, needless to say, didn't go back.
The interior of Race Street Cafe was nothing like I had expected. Even in the middle of the day, the place is a little dark with a focus on the bar, which is the first thing you see when you walk in. I wasn't expecting that. I had heard such good things about lunch at the Race Street Cafe, I thought it would be more like a Wedge + Fig kind of place.

Anyway, I loved my lunch there. A generous portion of the special salad, but mixed greens were topped with roasted beets, bacon (the guiltiest pleasure of the day), hard boiled eggs, tomatoes, fried goat cheese, red onion (which I gracefully tossed to the side) and a simple champagne-y vinaigrette. Service was casual- I think the one dude in the place held responsibilities of bartender + server but i didn't mind a bit.  

The menu was not particularly veggie-friendly, but Michelle C's buffalo chicken salad (Zack H's fave) looked delicious. I'll be bringing my boy to try it out in the near future.
I was so excited to walk to this cafe, as we live in the Olde City neighborhood.  I had received a certificate in the mail, good for one free entree up to $18 value.  I was excited, as it was a beautiful evening last night, and sitting inside right where the doors have been opened up to the outside was wonderful.

Took 10 minutes for someone to come and ask us if we'd like a drink.  We didn't mind because we were in no hurry and were just enjoying the weather and our conversation.

I got a cider, and my husband a beer.    We were waiting to order, and that took yet another 15 minutes (and there were not a lot of patrons in the cafe at the time).  We placed our order - and the server left and we didn't see him for at least another 20 minutes.  My husband's glass was sitting empty on the edge of the table hoping to get the server's attention so he could get another beer.  Um, no - server walked by us at least 3 times, and never stopped to ask if he'd like another beer.  We were so frustrated, at that point we decided to cancel our food and go home.

My husband got up from the table and walked over to the bar, and told the guy, service is horrible here, and we want to cancel our food order.  At that point, wouldn't you think they would say - we're sorry for your experience, dont' worry about the two drinks.  NOPE, they had us pay for the two drinks!  

Ashame, it's a cute place, and we were hoping for a better experience.  We went to Mac's Tavern on Market Street, grabbed a bite and a beer and went home.
Service has improved! Latest great experience was with a group of 5 on a Saturday night. Great food, excellent beer choices as always--but also friendlier, kinder, more attentive service than I've experienced in the past. Seen this improvement now for about 4 visits, after several years of finding service otherwise (but remaining loyal for good reason, as noted). Is it possible that they read my feedback? I get this feeling they heard that plea. Hey, you respond, I respond: THANK YOU. You folks continue to rock. Happy TG.
LOUD.

Having gotten that out of the way ... let me say that our dinner at Race Street Café was very enjoyable. It's true that the dining experience for me could have been better. It seemed like every mussel I dug into had grit, and the Shepherd's Pie, although yummy, was delivered at a good 750°. (Also, the pie came in a bowl placed on the same plate that held the salad, and there wasn't enough room for both. I lost a lot of salad. Woe.) My friend's turkey burger rocked, I must say. Holy chipotle, Batman, it was spicy and juicy and tasty.

Oh, and the maple raisin walnut bread pudding was pure evil ... good enough that I stole another dish of it off someone else's table as we were leaving. Don't tell anyone. (Okay, I lied. I actually told the diners at the table I was taking it off their hands.)

As for the atmosphere ... the interior is small and inviting. What a fabulous, fun place to eat at. It struck a familiar, friendly tone even though we knew we'd never been there before. The earthy, casual, slightly cheeky feel of this establishment, whether on a warm summer afternoon or snowy winter night, must be experienced first-hand. So there you go.

Service? Acceptable. A bit slow and even amateurish. Not much atmosphere there. The view? Again, not much atmosphere: a dirt lot and the approach to the Ben Franklin Bridge. But you've got a view of your dining companion, after all. ;^)

The place stumbled here and there, but it's sweet all the same. We'll give it another chance soon.
For brunch, Race Street Cafe is nothing more (and nothing less) than a diner with a nice beer selection. My boyfriend and I went on a weekend morning and were seated right away. He ordered the orange French toast, which was fine but came with that fake "pancake syrup" rather than maple syrup. I ordered eggs poached medium, and the yolk was so runny that I had to move my tater tots to a separate plate to keep them from drowning. (To be fair, I have encountered this issue at several restaurants in Philly and have since vowed to stop ordering poached eggs.) Our meals came with a sad fruit salad of unripe melon, pineapple, and one or two strawberry slices. The coffee was also too weak for my taste. 

If you're in the neighborhood and craving a diner breakfast, Race Street Cafe is not a bad choice, but foodies will be disappointed.
***BEWARE*** 
Keep a copy of your bill, and check your bank statements after dining at this place. My card was charged an extra $27 on my $30 bill for no reason at all, and when i confronted a manager about it i was told the extra money would be refunded to me (which it sill hasn't)
My friend, turned new mom, needed to get out of the house, and since Race Street is near by, we went here.

At 6:30 we walked in and there was a drunk girl screaming at the top of her lungs. Luckily, she left fairly quickly, and the vibe was pretty laid back and casual after that.

Race street is cozy, with the wood burning stove, and general atmosphere. They have a pretty extensive beer list, and list the ABV of each, however, don't tell you how much each beer costs, so you could potentially be in for an unpleasant surprise.

Vegans, beware. There is nothing on the menu for you. 
We decided to split the nachos, no meat, and the gardenburger. The guac and pico on the nachos were both delicious. The gardenburger came on a fluffly pita, which made the sandwich. Our sever lets us do half sweet potato fries and half regular. The regular were good, but sweet potato was the clear winner for me.  Accompanying our meal, were honey mustard and an aoili. The aoili was awesome and had a Asian flavor to it that I couldn't pinpoint. If anyone can figure it out, let me know!

I had been to Race Street once before, and it was not anything worth remembering, but based on this experience I'd go back.
This place easily has the potential of becoming 4 or 5 stars.  The location, the space, the outside seating area, the atmosphere....  Having just moved from Northern Liberties to Old City, I think of this place as almost being the North 3rd, or Abbaye, or Standard Tap of Old City, in other words, a casual gastro pub where you can go for delicious food at least once a week.  RSC still has a way to go in this category.

Interesting atmosphere - check, good music - check, relaxing vibe with local patrons - check. Friendly servers - check, delicious food? - they definitely have room to improve on this account.

To their defense, I am a vegetarian, so I am always judging a place by their vegetarian selections.  I tried their gnocchi and it was just ok.  It was lacking in flavor and just didn't wow me.  

My friend had the veggie burger.  He asked that they not put tomatoes on it, but I guess that was interpreted as "no toppings at all"   He got what looked like a store bought garden burger with no toppings, in a pita, folded in half.  It was very strange and just not what I'd expect to have served at a place like this.  Note to the chef - take a trip over to Monks or the Belgian cafe and taste what an amazing veggie burger is like. Maybe I was expecting something delicious and homemade and more of a professional presentation?  The food isn't exactly cheap, so I guess I was just expecting more.

Unlike some of the other reviewers, I had no problems with the service.  I'll probably be back just because of the location and maybe just to drink, but if the food was better, I'd probably be there all the time.
The food here is awesome and the design of the place has that modern, cozy feel with trendy split-level seating and a fully stocked bar.  This is a 5 star Breakfast/Lunch place and I'm a very accomodating person but our server was just not good; she was nice, but that only goes so far. . The place wasn't that crowded at all and she messed up about 3 different things at different times throughout the meal I had with a buddy of mine.  Whether it was completely forgetting about a drink I ordered, or bringing out the wrong sides, she was just in her own little world and I felt like she just wanted to get us in and out.

That being said, the menu is like no other brunch menu I've seen; it's very heavy with fried egg selections, but they prepare them in such unique entrees, they all have their own personal flare and sounded so appetizing.  I wasn't a fan of the fact that during brunch hours (10am-4pm Sat-Sun I believe) you can only order from the selected brunch menu, I was dying to try some of the nachos but I couldn't complain too much because the Brunch menu did have a decent selection to choose from.  I went with the Spanish Burger--A combination of ground beed and chorizo sausage grilled to perfection with melted manchengo cheese and fries topped with sauteed onions, jalepenos and mixed cheese.  
It was incredible, cooked perfectly, and every bite tasted better than the last.  The egg covered the whole sandwich too, so each bite had the same flavor consistency throughout the meal.  For only $10.50 w/ Fries, this is one of the best burgers I've had in Olde City.  Topped it off with a nice Allagash White too, one of my favorite beers to top off a burger or fish&chips. 

Can't wait to check this place out again! Although I was reading some other reviews about the dinner options not being anything better than typical bar food, I'm willing to give them a shot since this was far from just a "typical" brunch outing.
To sum it up: excellent food, great beer selection (and prices!) and HORRIBLY SLOW service.

I came to Race Street Cafe last Wednesday as part of a group of 8 people around 7PM. We were celebrating my friend's birthday. It was not busy at all when we sat down, maybe 3 other tables were occupied, all 2 tops. The server, a young lady, greeted us promptly upon sitting down and took some drink orders. When I saw how long it took for the drinks to come, I knew we were in trouble. When she finally came back to take food orders, I ordered the gazpacho to start, the po' boy and a spanish burger for my husband. Someone please tell me why it would take 18 minutes (I was timing) for a gazpacho to come out?? It's freakin' gazpacho! Anyway, my frustration quicly dwindled when I tasted it. It was really delicious- bright and acidic with a silky mouthfeel, but still chunky enough to satisfy. About a year later, our entrees came out, except for one member of our party who's order the server admittedly forgot about.

The food was definitely excellent. I could tell that the po' boy I ate was a very well thought out sandwich. I loved the contrast of the shrimp and the crabmeat salad, the crunch of the cornmeal breading, the subtle, pleasant heat of the chipotle sauce and the refreshing crunch of the lettuce. I was in heaven for the entire 3 minutes it took to scarf it down. I also had a bite of hubby's spanish burger, which was also very good. My only concern was that I felt that the onions got a little lost in the sandwich, probably overpowered by the jalapenos and maybe even the chorizo. I think throwing a couple more on there would solve that problem.

The server never once came over to our table to ask how we were enjoying our meals, and was not very apologetic about forgetting my friend's order. She didn't even offer to comp it, even though he had to wait another half hour to receive his food. 

The beer selection was also quite impressive. I'm a bit of a connoisseur and was still able to find beers that I hadn't tried yet, all at an average price of $4.

Overall, I'd say the dining experience was good, except for the service. I mean, I usually don't complain about this, but it was downright terrible. Just God awful. I may not return because of this. 

The one thing that baffles me is that I see countless reviews complaining of the service, and no changes have been made. It's like the owner of this establishment is intentionally trying to take a good thing and run it into the ground. Race Street Cafe owner(s): Do something about the service in your restaurant or you will not have customers to serve!
I can honestly say that I fully agree with everything Kevin R. said about this place.

We came here for a date night about two months ago and I loved it. The food was fantastic, filling and fully worth every well-priced penny. We had a coupon from restaurant.com, but I would gladly go back and pay full-price. The atmosphere is wonderful and our waiter kicked ass. He was very attentive and sweet. 

I honestly can't wait to go back.
I've been here many times, and it's never been my pick. It really comes down to the customer service for me. The wait staff (usually 2 bartenders running all tables and the bar) is far from friendly or engaging. I don't think I've ever recieved eye contact from anyone OR even a response after I place an order- more like a silence and then walk away with nothing to let me know you just understood or even HEARD what I ordered. As a former waitress myself, I find this extremely peculiar.

This might be that thye're really busy, and and just trying to be really efficient.. but I have to say, a "sure", "okay, I'll get your order in", OR maybe even a "thank you" wouldn't kill anyone or take more than 2 seconds to speak. Bizzare. And not a one time experience.
My fish tacos and hot hot sauce was finger licking good ( sorry I didn't actually lick my fingers)!!!

This place is small, and cute, but very manly... Full Bar, seating was scarce but its more like a happy hour setting.  The bartender was helpful and again the food was amazing, the neighborhood, I cant really tell you about but it was really nice to trek a light walk after dinner.  It was date night and with the exception that seating only limited us to what was left...the bar... it is a great place for a casual first date or to watch the game over some beer.  It seems its all about timing there.  

I WILL GO AGAIN
It's quite the surprise to see Mayor Kenney seated at the one place you figured he wouldn't be. What are the odds I randomly decide to come here after aimlessly roaming around the city and it just so happened he's here too. I wasn't star struck. It was more so a feeling of wow, he's just like one of us. 

Ok now, back to the review. "Oh the weather outside is frightful, but the fire is so delightful...". Indeed it was. What a lovely feeling it was to come into a toasty cafe. Seats at the bar were open; what more can you ask for?  Service, that's what. 

We're handed our menus promptly and greeted from the start. The bartender proceeds to give time to look over the menus. They had two chalkboards as well. One listed drinks (Drafts, Cocktails, Bottles, Wine), while the other listed the Soup of the Day and Dinner Specials. He returned within 5 minutes to ask what we'd like to drink. I didn't even get a chance to thoroughly look over anything. We told him we weren't ready and he gladly went back to his private conversation/busy work. Another 5 go by and my friend orders his beer while I wasn't even asked what I wanted to drink. I don't say anything because I wanted him to acknowledge or at least ask if I'd like anything rather than assume otherwise. Yet, nothing. 

It took another 15 minutes for someone to even ask if I wanted a beverage and to top that the female waistress/bartender was the one that asked me, not the original male. I'm not being sexist just unsure of what his problem was. A monkey could serve me food and drinks and as long as the service was in a timely fashion I wouldn't have an issue with it. 

She offered me a taste of a selection I considered. Another 10 minutes passed and she returns to find out if I wanted to order a full glass. Unfortunately I didn't but I did choose another selection. 5 minutes goes by and she then asks us if we were going to order something to eat but the tone she said it in resembled that of a resentful teen who didn't get there way because she poured me a taster. Why take it out on me? You offered a taster and I gladly accepted it. Ultimately the choice is mine regardless of the help I've received along the way. 

Long story short she snatched the menus away and proceed to ask my friend what beer he was having so that she could log it in her terminal. The prices seemed a tad high considering many of the items can be found throughout the city. 

I'm not sure I'd check out the cafe again. I'm pretty turned off by the entire ordeal. Hopefully they can focus less on personal conversations and more so on customers.
I had heard many good things about this spot before, but finally checked it out recently. We sat outside on a cool summer day and really enjoyed the view of the Ben Franklin Bridge. If you're a beer snob like me, then this place is a must try. Large draft list with a ton of craft beers. For food I  had a side salad to start, which was fine. Nothing to write home analyst. However, as an entree i had the brisket sandwich, which was absolutely delicious. I will definitely check this place out again.
Race Street Cafe is a great little bar/restaurant to have a casual meal and a great beer. It's always got great specials on the chalkboard and new beers on tap and the service is usually spot on. 

However, if you're coming with a large group, be prepared to wait. They do allow you to call ahead and order food and I highly recommend it if you're going for lunch and only have an hour to get back to work!

Special Note: They have a wood-burning stove inside which is so nice and cozy in the winter time and they are open-air in the summer time, along with outdoor seating!
Before October 21, I had been depraved of guiltless American food (so yes, I had already been to Chik-Fil-A, and blah blah blah, you know, the cravings do come because I am a human being after all :P).  On October 21, I went to Race Street Cafe out of pressure from a Restaurant.com gift certificate that was running almost 1-year-old...and it turned out to be good peer pressure :-)

We started off the meal with chili and nacho chips, and oooo was the andouille sausage a scrumptious addition that made the chili too addicting O.O oh my oh my oh my.  Then, I had the grilled steak salad.  I have had a steak salad at a restaurant in Kennett Square that set the bar for other steak salads.  Although Race Street Cafe doesn't specialize in preparing meat meat and more meat like the restaurant in Kennett Square, its grilled steak salad was very tasty and didn't make me feel like I was eating my life away either!  

And so that makes the meal a huge hit!
I think they have changed cooks/recipes - we went for brunch and the bloody mary had BBQ sauce in it!! (GASP! Where is my extra spicy horseradish?!?) It was during the playoffs and filled with rowdy fans and the waitstaff was distracted. My "huevos rancheros" consisted of scrambled eggs and cheese in a burrito. Not very good. 

Race Street Cafe is located in a great spot and I used to enjoy going there all the time for brunch and drinks. Maybe they were having an off day?
I tend to write long-winded reviews so lets make this short, Here's what i love about Race Street Cafe:

*Good beer selection
*Good food (not mind-blowing amazing but good)
**They love dogs**
**Outside seating is pretty much perfect, always shaded, never too busy on the street, get to wave at the duck boats headed for the river

Remember when i said they love dogs? Yea, so sit outside and they have a hook for your dog, they will bring your dog his very own bowl of water with ice, then while we were eating our server always brings out some sort of treat for the pupster...Finally when we are about to leave the pup got another piece of jerky from our server. It's hilarious because we live close by so we often walk by there on our walks so now when we walk by, my dog will pull me over to the cafe and go crawl under some strangers table all excited that we might be stopping to eat.
I rarely give 5 stars.  And there's a good chance that I am giving an extra star out of my own need to stop the 4-star-craziness.  However...  Race Street does deserve a solid 4.5 stars.  Which, I guess, would be rounded up to 5 stars...  so here we are.  

This place is really good.  Great beer selection, really yummy food which goes a bit beyond typical "bar food", nice bartenders.  The owners are nice people, too!
Along with National Mechanics, Race Street is one of my go-to places for when the wife and I just don't feel like cooking.  Solid food all around at reasonable prices.  Good beer list, and, unlike National Mechanics. the game is usually playing on tv.  Among the highlights I've had there is a sausage sandwich and a turkey burger.  

Also, the place has a nice homey feeling, and the service is always friendly.
We stopped here on a cold winter day when we were walking around the area. They have a nice little fireplace that was welcome that day. It is smaller inside than I would have thought, but maybe 10-12 spots at the bar. They also have different tables, some by the window and fireplace and others around the room. Varied beer selections, some things on tap there that I don't typically see. We didn't have much to eat besides dessert, so can't really comment on the food. Menu looked pretty good though. Skylight was nice in the center of the room. Service was fine, will try it again for a meal if we're in the area like for the Race St. Pier.
the corridor between market and callowhill in old city is lacking in neighborhood-y bar options, which is where this place comes up big. i come here about once a week just for the mussels, they're that good. besides the mussels, they have an excellent, fluid beer menu which seems to rotate each time i'm here. for old city residents, i'd endorse this place completely
Had a hot roast beef sandwich last week.  Good solid food.  Not quite gastropub like a lot of the spots around town, but better than average bar food, even for Philly.
I walked in here early on a weekend evening with a group of four.  There were two high tops available and one regular table available, but the latter was overrun by another larger group sitting next to it and was not an option for us.  The two high tops were next to each other, so my group pushed them together.  We were brashly informed that it was against the restaurant policy to do so, even though we were not blocking any aisles and would have been, in fact, freeing up central floor space for wait staff to maneuver.  We were not given any logic behind the decision, but the bartender was insistent.  As one member of my party was expecting and we could not wait for a proper table to free up, we were forced to leave, and the restaurant lost the sale.  It is a shame, because I had been so looking forward to trying their great draft selection and sampling their food upon others' recommendations, but instead now, they have lost a customer due to poor customer service--which seems to be a recurring theme on other Yelp reviews.  What a shame, but perhaps I have been saved an overall negative experience by only scratching the surface of the staff's personality.
I've been here twice and have to say, it's a great place.  First time I visited I was rolling solo and had some time to kill before meeting up with a friend.  I was looking for a specific thing and it seemed impossible to find in this neighborhood (or city)  I wanted to drink quality beverages, snack on quality food and read a book in peace.  I went into quite a few places in Olde City before finding Race St. Cafe.  Most were too dark to read or too small/rowdy to be comfortable chilling by myself.  

Race St was great.  First time there I found a small table near the back under a perfect light for reading.  Many of my fav beers/spirits and friendly staff.  Came back a few weeks later with friend on an absolutely freezing night.  Sat next to the REAL wood stove and received excellent customer service from the bar tender who also came out to serve  us.  He was attentive, friendly, helpful with choices and best of all when my friend and I were chatting away and the bar was closing, he didn't kick us out, didn't turn on the light, didn't drop the check... he just let us be.  As friend and I are both industry, we didn't overstay our welcome, but we appreciated the respectful treatment. 

I loved the mushroom soup - very rich and satisfying without being thick or heavy.
I love this place.  Pretty solid beer menu (with solid glassware), very good bar food  (Buffalo Chicken sandwich is one of the best around) and a fantastic ambiance inside.  They have a wood burning stove so this place is a must on a cold, snowy night.  They also have outdoor seating for the warmer months, making it my outdoor drinking destination in the summer.  One thing i wish they did...  I wish they listed the beer prices on the menu.  I like knowing what everything costs before the check arrives.  Also most beers top out around the 7-8 % abv., so it'd be nice to see some heavier offerings from them in the 10%+ range (as most beer bars do).  All in all I love the place!
In my opinion, the food is good but not great. The brisket is tender and the mashed potatoes good.
The service was not good at all. We had to wait a lot for the food and the two servers never came to ask if we needed something.
It was a great bar filled with great beers of all kind. We had dinner there that night and it was extremely good. The steak sandwich was out of this world. Definitely on our short list of 5 best bars in Philly. I highly reccomend Race Street Cafe if you are looking for a  warm, cozy & friendly bar/restaurant.
Great food and excellent beer selection. Service is blah. Be wary of the attitude that some of the wait and bar staff have.
Living in Old City, one gets pretty tired of the $25 a plate, don't come in our restaurant unless you have on your designer jeans, we only serve gimmicky food with fancy names vibe. Race Street Cafe is a breath of fresh air. It's homey and cozy with a fire in the winter and huge open windows and outdoor seating in the summer. The bar is large and serves up a great selection of beers. 

The food is what keeps me coming back. I've never tried anything here I didn't like. It might not be gourmet, but it is consistent. If I  had to pick a favorite section it would hands down be the sandwiches. They've got everything from the classics to some more adventurous options. Their fries are perfect and are served with ketchup and a delicious garlicky mayo that I can't get enough of. 

It does have a few little annoyances. Evenings on the weekend can be quite crowded and make it difficult to get a table. I don't think their apps and salads quite have the right ratio of portion to price. Service can be a bit slow and disorganized so I wouldn't recommend it if you're on a schedule, but that's part of what makes it great. Servers are always friendly though. They easily accommodated my boyfriend's one year old nephew on a Saturday night and no one batted an eyelash at the flying Gerber star puffs. They even rushed us an order of fries to keep him occupied.

Race Street is the perfect neighborhood hangout. Good environment, good food, good beer. My boyfriend and I eat here at least once a month. And our bill? Almost always under $25 for sandwiches and sodas. Where else can you do that in Old City?
Loved this little restaurant bar.  Esp the exposed brick inside.  Obsessed with the fall sangria. So much that I tried to recreate it to no avail. The others on my group had great meals that I sampled (the Croque Madame and eggs Benedict) but my chicken Caesar salad was kinda meh. I'd still go back though I just would t get that salad again.
Hands down one if my favorites in the city. Great food, friendly and fun staff and all around great place. My only complaint is the fries, the new ones suck change them back to the old ones.
I have been going to Race St. Cafe for years now and have never been disappointed.  They have an ever changing list of about 12-15 craft and rare imports on draft.  The servers and bartenders are knowledgeable about all of their beers, and will help the novice beer drinker find one that suits their taste.

I would describe the food as artisanal-American.  My personal fave is the Southwest Turkey burger, and you can't go wrong with any of their choices.

Only drawback is it can get a bit noisy when crowded, and you may have a bit of a wait, as it is a small venue; however, the atmosphere is great.  Exposed brick, wood burning fireplace, and an always friendly crowd.  Waiting is a great excuse to try one of the microbrews.

This is my favorite place in Philly.  If you haven't been, definitely give it a try.
I've been here before and normally have had a decent brunch experience, but tonight was horrible. There was a group of 7 of us, we sat outside and didn't make any outrageous requests, easy drinks and food with no variations from the menu. We waited a excessive amount of time for everything. In total we were here for 3 hrs. And when we finally got the food it was not as good as I expected. I only took one bite of my sandwich it was that bad. I feel bad for the server because he was the only one on, but there had to be someone that could have helped him. Overall, horrible!
When I was living in Philadelphia this was the neighborhood spot to go out and have a casual meal and a good pint.  When reviewing I typically do so with the traveler/tourist in mind, so while I love the place I will definitely have to say its inconsistent.  Some nights (or at brunch) the food is simply superb but the next visit it could be very ho-hum.  During the spring & fall months the few outdoors tables are perfect and the interior is great (very homey, dimly lit, and comfortable).  

They do have a great beer list and a solid menu with changing specials.  Pub grub with burgers, pulled pork, quesadillas, wings, calamari, blt, chicken sandwiches, crab melts, etc.   I personally aways go for the spicy southwestern turkey burger which rarely disappoints.  Good brunch spot too with inventive offerings such as smoked salmon pita points (which I love when its on but the past couple times found it underwhelming).  One other drawback is the service which is inconsistent as well (even when they aren't busy).  

So I give it four stars when its on and three stars when its not.  I wouldn't go out of your way to eat here if you're visiting Philadelphia but if you live in Philly, especially in the area, give it a try.
In here on a packed Friday night.  I guess that's why 1* has to be removed, because it's a shame it is so small.  It often makes getting a table a real effort.

We arrived at 7:30 with a party of 7.  Server was quick to come and find us at the bar and ask if we wanted a table.  When we told him we were a 7, he said at least a 2 hour wait so we planned to just have a few drinks and move on.

Now, in a bar tender from Philadelphia being out of the way helpful, he came back 10 minutes later and started discussing how he could move tables around to fit us in.  Another 10 minutes and we had a big table for dinner.  Impressive service.

The beer selection is always interesting and the prices are standard for premium beers.  I had the Southwestern Turkey Burger which was good, everyone else's food looked solid and there weren't any complaints.

Highly recommended, just plan on getting there early on the busier nights if you want to get a table and eat.
This is the second time I've been to Race Street, and it was a confirmation of my views on the Cafe. The food at Race Street is excellent and they have a large and varied selection of beers, but the service is deplorable! Both times I've eaten here the waitresses have taken forever to do anything. I understand that on a busy night there will be some amount of wait, but it wasn't busy and it took her over 30 minutes to finally come back to pick up our check. 

So, if you have hours to spare you should go, but expect to wait ages for anything.
Go for the vibe, the atmosphere and the beer.  With so many great restaurant options nearby, I usually stop by Race Street when I need a meeting place or good spot to chill out.  

Regardless of season, sit inside unless traffic is light.  It's an open-air dining room during the warm months and, personally, that's my favorite time to go.  I must admit that I have not been there when the fire place is going, which could be pretty sweet.

Good beer selection.  Service is spotty.
This place is garbage and it starts with the staff. I wish I could like this place (as I'm sure other Old City residents do) because it is close to home but they do nothing right. Not true, they can pour beer, but do not eat here. Wings, burger, fries, salad, all the simple things you would think most places would get right - but they don't....'
We have completely stopped coming here for 2 years now. We banned this place! My husband was 29 years old at the time and I was 28 and we came on a Saturday night after the Phillies game. The bartender refused service and kicked us out because he thought that my husband's license was fake. We were already in there that morning with 2 of our friends for brunch, drinking bloody marys! We live around the corner and brought back our passports but the bartender said "so what?" He still refused to serve us. It was beyond embarrassing! My husband and I are locals to Old City and we used to come here once a week for over a year. We used to bring business by taking our visitors here on weekends and recommended to other locals and tourists. We also work in Old City. I've written a letter to the owner and included a photocopy of a PA license descriptions from a license/ID manual. The bartenders need a general knowledge first of ID's. We've been coming here for a year!!!! Helloooooo!!! Get to know your local customers! If we were under age, why would we come to a restaurant ambience in Old City? I'd go to a club on a Saturday night. We will NEVER go back! We will give our business to other bars whose bartenders will not insult us.
Terrible service, terrible food.  Had the two petite bacon wrapped filets.  One of the two petite filets was really bad.  Tasted spoiled.  I had already eaten the first, which was okay. Had I started on the bad one first, I would have immediately left.  The waiter/bartender was a bit defensive.  Had he tasted the filet, I am sure that he would have apologized. Yuck!!!!
Writing this review really bums me out because Race Street used to a favorite. You could count on a great meal and an incredible staff. I'm walking distance to them and it was the default go-to for grabbing a meal and a beer. Now I just walk past them and head up to Market.

Something has been happening at Race Street for the past few months and management needs to get their hands around it quickly before they lose their fan base. The quality of the staff has fallen through the floor and the quality of what comes out of the kitchen has done the same. Beer selection remains outstanding and is the place's only saving grace at this point. Although, with Biersube a few blocks up the street now they can't rely on that either.

This same time last year I'd have raved about them and thrown up a 5 star review without hesitation. But, 2 stars for now. I'd love to revise it at some point down the line. That's up to them though.
The food is good, but pair that with the ability to try 5 different beers in a flight, 10 if you stay a bit, and it makes this a great place.   I wish more places in old city did this, it's a fun time.  I love the Lambic and have tasted the Shipyard Melonhead ( would not have tried that as a full glass) and it opened my eyes and palate.
I like this place!
Good pub fare, friendly service, comfortable atmosphere.  
In the warmer months, they open a set of doors which open like a sort of balcony, which is nice, & in the colder months they have the place toasted up with a wood burning stove.
Always on the lookout for a good brunch (my fave meal of the day, for sure), the one offered here is tasty.  Not particularly stand-out, but I won't have a problem returning again for it some other time.
