Being Jewish, the only thing that I love more than Hanukkah is a really great deli. I'm not talking about a corner store that only sells hoagies, I mean sandwiches that are piled SO high that you can barely fit it in your mouth. I mean a deli that serves breakfast all day with 10 different omlettes, 5 different kinds of meat/seafood salads (tuna, chicken, whitefish, egg, and shrimp), soups that make your mouth water on the hottest of days, and a customer base that ranges from those that can barely talk to those that can hardly walk anymore. Basically, I want the ideal Jewish deli. 

Now maybe I'm a bit biased because I have grandparents who live in the Mecca of all things deli and diner (South Jersey) or maybe it's because I basically grew up in Famous' 4th Street, but I really didn't get my mind blown as much as I had hoped for with here. It did meet my bare-minimum requirements that I listed aboved but none of it really stood out. My boyfriend and I got the Perfect Match and A Spice of Life sandwiches respectively and while they were both big and good, something was just off. There was a bit too much Russian dressing and cole slaw which made it sweeter than necessary. The chicken noodle soup was good, but the matzo ball soup lacked something. Granted, every Jewish person is partial to their bubbi's recipe but these were a bit too dense and it almost seemed like they weren't cooked long enough. 

That being said, the service was fantastic and all the employees were genuinely sweet. Being in the service industry as well, that is always something I appreciate. 

I also kind of like how it's almost communal style. It gives you a chance to potentially meet people in the neighborhood who long for the same thing that I do - a good nova lox bagel and/or reuben. 

I will say that I'll probably go back here if I'm craving something hearty but don't have the time to get down to Famous'. Otherwise, you'll see me down on 4th and Bainbridge scarfing down Matzo-Brei like the world is going to end in 5 minutes.
I have a confession...I'm a menu reader. If I am walking past a spot where a menu is posted in the window, I have to stop and scour it, recording a quick mental notation of "would eats" and "nah, not for consumption". So, during a brief stint in my vegetarian life when I WENT TEMPORARILY INSANE WITH FOOD BOREDOM and was eating meat, I saw the Rachael's menu and found "fat free chicken stew". Score! I thought to myself as I vowed to have that very thing the next day for lunch. And it was cheap to boot for a nice portion. 
             The restaurant is always pretty packed, so I had little doubts as to their acclaim. I ordered my stew during a very busy weekday lunch, and I waited a few minutes for them to scoop stew into a 16 oz. to go container. I looked around, read the captions on all of the pictures on the walls, went to the restroom, and had a conversation with a fellow diner. SCOOP STEW. zip zap. Apparently at Rachael's it's some kind of a mastered art. And it takes awhile. But I was excited to try something new, was salivating at the thought of something meaty, and intended to take my little stew into Rittenhouse Square to sit on my sweater and eat in the grass. 
            And I did. I sat and smiled as the sun hit my face, opened my bag, submerged my spoon into a hearty looking feast, and almost lost my lunch before I ate it, then I got a little verklempt.
            You know when chicken is 2 days old and then reheated in a microwave? That taste? Yeah, that's the one.
            OK, it's stew. But don't treat it like "meatloaf surprise" or "chef's special casserole". That's not what you do with the leftovers. I'm all about not wasting food, but when you can tell the food isn't fresh, then the jig is up. 
              I didn't go back to complain - usually I would, but they were still busy and I was too angry. But I haven't gone back since. I'd be open to trying their breakfast - hard to screw that up - but I won't be there of my own accord. Rachael failed me. Oye Vay.
If you love good smoked fish-- I'm an absolute sucker for whitefish salad in the morning-- go to Famous 4th Street.

I've had better whitefish salad at Noah's Bagels; Rachael's is a big disappointment.
I Bought a lox platter from here with no bagel! 
When I got to work opened it and it was only a piece of lox in my container!!! So pissed!!!
They didn't put cream cheese in it either...
And charged me 12$ for a piece of lox with no bagel or cream cheese...
I didn't want the bagel but come on!! And a sorry ass piece of lettuce!!! Never again !! Will never go there again!!! 
Had to buy my own cream cheese..
Just called them up and asked if they have kosher certification. It has no kosher certification. Therefore their declaration is totally misleading on yelp and other Internet websites. Again.  they are not kosher. Therefore just one star for false declaration.
Rachael's has the most disorganized menu of any restaurant that I've been to. Even though I had looked up and decided what I wanted ahead of time, I was still overwhelmed and frazzled trying to find my choice on the paper menu. 

I decided on the Hot Reuben - corned beef, sauerkraut, Russian dressing, the works. It was pretty good, but the bread was a little over toasted and left a slight burnt bitter taste and the sandwich was soaked through and soggy after my 5 minute walk back to the office (I took it to go). I'm thinking back on all of my other Ruben experiences and feel that none of my other sandwiches at other places were quite this way.

I'm also not a fan of their latkas. I like mine on the crispier side but theirs was large, thick, and soft, and quite flavorless.
I stopped in for a bagel sandwich and coffee before work.  The sandwich was very good, the bagel was lightly toasted but still nice and soft inside and there was lots of lox and veggie cream cheese.  The coffee was mediocre, think somewhere between dunkin and starbucks.

Considering the above and the fairly unorganized nature of the ordering process, I was kind of surprised when my bill was almost $14.  That is what you pay at a place like Spread, which has better bagels, better sandwiches, and better coffee.

It seems like the other reviews think highly of their lunch sandwich options, so maybe I was barking up the wrong tree by going here for breakfast.
Ditto Cherie C.  

In a city of delicious Jewish food, don't go here.
I should have known not to order from this place when commentary from my friends about Rachel's Nosheri ranged from "that is a DIRTY, DIRTY place" to "man, those people are such ASSHOLES".  I am new to Philadelphia, however, and so far, have not found many places that offer classic NYC deli fare. 

I cannot say enough bad things about Rachael's Nosheri, but I will try to detail a few of the consistent problems that have convinced me to never again order from this place:

**1.  CONSISTENTLY WRONG ORDERS:  I have ordered from this place three now.  Twice, I picked up my food after calling in my order and once I ordered through seamless web.  

The first time that I picked up my order, I had the mac and cheese and beef chili.  The mac and cheese was just miserable cheez whiz crap.  The beef chili was really awful too and I was wondering how in the world they had found beef that tasted so rubbery when my friend was like, "That's not beef, hun."  Ah, yes.  Whatever the hell that was, it was not beef.  Wrong order.  But I had already started to eat it, so I just threw the rest out instead of going back for a redo.

The second time time that I picked up my order, I ordered grilled chicken with tomato slices on a hoagie.  Simple enough, right?  Well, instead, I received a couple of slices of stale, dry turkey with a SHIT TON of onions on an old, nasty hoagie.  No tomato and no chicken.  I called the restaurant repeatedly before someone answered.  I was told that they would come by and pick up the food and give me my money back.  No one ever showed up.  

It took me months to order again, but eventually, it was early in the morning and very few other places were open on seamless.  I was craving white fish, so I ordered white fish with tomatoes and onions on a sesame seed bagel.  I also ordered two eggs on a bagel with a slice of swiss cheese, just in case they messed up the white fish.  Very simple, right?  Well, after 50 minutes, the order arrived.  A fiasco.  A stingy smear of white fish was put on a plain bagel.  No tomato, no onions.  Instead of a sandwich, I got a tablespoon or two of eggs in a styrofoam container with one sausage patty.  No bagel, no cheese, no sandwich.  WTF?  Once again, I called Rachel's thinking that they would be apologetic and rectify the problem.  The shrew who answered shrieked at me that once the food leaves the premises, I am stuck with whatever I have.  She then CURSED at me and BANGED the phone on my ear.  I called seamless and thankfully, received a refund.

Is it too much to ask that a restaurant get one's order right?  How complex is it to put simple, common sandwiches together?

**2.  RUDE, RUDE SERVICE:  The first point leads me to my second point.  The people at Rachel's Nosheri are grade A tools.  I have been to the spot (nothing much to look at) twice and seen people being yelled at, ignored, or just spoken to as if the servers are ready to start a fight.  As you have read above, I have been cursed out and cheated repeatedly.  This place has no respect for customers.

**3.  CONSISTENTLY BAD FOOD:  See, it would be one thing if the place got the orders wrong, but the food they gave instead was at least good.  That is not the case, however.  When they screwed me out of a grilled chicken sandwich and gave me a turkey sandwich instead, the two meager slices of turkey swallowed up by the hoagie were DRY AS F-CK.  It looked like someone had thrown the turkey to a dog and then let rats run over the rest.  Their mac and cheese was just lots and lots of cheez whiz.  Worse than the store-bought, $1 boxes of Kraft.  And their white fish?  I think that might have been catfish dragged out of a gutter somewhere.

**4.  EXTREMELY LATE DELIVERY:  Whether you pick up or get delivery, you can look forward to 50 minutes to an hour no matter what you order.  You wait an hour for a wrong order made of the stalest shit you have ever had in your life.  Sounds good, right?  

Please run away from this place.
My aunt had bought something from there as take out. She did not get a fork with her meal. I went back in the store to get a fork and they charged me ten cents for it.  He seen that I did not have change from me going through my pockets luckily I found a quarter in my pocket otherwise he would of made me break a 20 dollar bill most likely. I will never step foot in this place again. THE WORSE EVER LACK OF CUSTOMER SERVICE AND VALUE FOR CUSTOMERS. There are foo many quality restaurants around this location to pick this place to eat. I wish I wasnt required to pick a star at all.
I'm not sure why, but my experience here was very different from a lot of the reviews I see.  

I ordered a takeout breakfast so I could relax and eat at home.  Two eggs with cheese, potatoes, toast, and coffee.  $7.56, which was pretty good. 

The toast didn't come with butter and jelly on it, so I had to do that part, but that's fine.  The eggs and cheese were okay, although it could have passed for one egg instead of two.  

My main issue comes with the coffee and the potatoes.  I was a little irked that a place like this, on 19th and Sansom in Center City, only offered little half and half containers in ice water rather than a choice of creamers.  The potatoes were also most definitely not cooked today.  

If I go back, I'll get one of the bagels that people are raving about, but not going to try a simple egg breakfast again.  
_______________________________________________________________

Why am I splitting hairs, you ask?  Because I've been spoiled by another nearby establishment which is cheaper, fresher, and gives more for your money.  Only downside:  they're closed on Sundays, which is why I tried Rachael's Nosheri.
I have these odd little policies about restaurants.  They go something like this:  I don't need to patronize a place that acts as though they are doing YOU a favor, where the food is mediocre or worse, the atmosphere drab, and the overall feeling is everything is being done on the cheap.  My wife ordered a bowl of chili which was brought to the table without any silverware.  I assume they thought she would just lift the bowl and slurp the chili.  My egg salad on whole wheat toast had absolutely no flavor.  None.  They didn't even bother with salt let alone any other flavors.  A corned beef special I tasted was stingy on all the ingredients, especially the "special" part, i.e., the Russian dressing.  The owner, or whoever that is at the register, wears a constant expression like he's just realized the garbage needs to be taken out.  Never again.
I've passed this Deli many times during my forays to Long in The Tooth Records. I finally decided to eat lunch here last week.  I had high hopes based on the menu and the line stretching out to the door. Unfortunately my hopes were not borne out.  The service was cafeteria style where you place your order for your sandwich/enbtree and subsequently for your drink. The people serving there were very friendly and even knew the name of the little old Jewish ladies ahead of me.  They went out of their way to help the ladies with their food. 
  I ordered a reuben sandwich and chicken noodle soup. The reuben was piled high with meat and the bread was toasted to just the right level of crispness. However the sauce had little flavor and the meat didn't seem to be very fresh and/or of high quality.  The chicken noodle soup was fairly decent sized and had some nice big noodles. However it didnt' have a lot of vegetables and seemed to be very watery. 

I wanted to much to like this place. The staff was very nice and even helped me recover some CD's I'd left on the counter top.  Unfortunately their food just didn't do it for me.
Ordered from Rachael's for the first time this morning and had it delivered because I was running late to work and couldn't stop to pick something up on the way. They were 1 of 2 places that delivered breakfast, so I gave them a chance. I also ordered online, so there's no miscommunication.

They had the perfect opportunity to impress me, but unfortunately, they failed. Went for some basics to make things easier (albeit not cheaper). A cheese omelet (bland), pancakes (dry and tough) and a side of bacon (crispy but cold). Even the rye toast that came with the omelet was burnt and cold. The best part (I say sarcastically) was that on Foodler, when I had to pick a juice, it asked me specifically if I wanted OJ with or without some pulp. I chose without and guess what I got? Don't give me a choice and then get it wrong.

Since this establishment is only 3 blocks away, I was hoping that the food would not be cold, but the eggs and pancakes were lukewarm, if that. Please invest in one of those delivery bags that is designed to keep foods hot; it will definitely help. I really dislike giving any business just 1 star, so I gave you 2 in the hopes that you will take my advice and get better.
I haven't been to the restaurant in a few years.  I had the corn beef special again which was pretty good.  However, the place is still dirty and horrible coffee.  I stopped going here when they were cited for Multiple health violations by the city of Philadelphia.  I would think the place would be cleaner but it is not.  I will not be going back.
When Rachael's father died last year she sold to a new owner.  The menu is the same and the new owner is doing OK.   Really miss Rachael's energy and friendliness (and her father sitting in the back doing bookkeeping......)  The place is looking a little worn.

    We had a turkey sandwich, pastrami sandwich, chicken soup and a choc chip cookie.  All served on styrofoam......not good for the environment since it NEVER biodegrades!!
    
    The sandwiches were fine and will definitely fill you up.  The chicken soup was tasteless and I searched and searched for glimpse of chicken, but to no avail............  (was it watered down?)   Well, onto the cookie..... hard as a rock!  Good thing I had some tea to dunk it in.

    I wouldn't go out of my way to eat there. (I really dislike eating off of styrofoam.)
I've been aware of Rachael's Nosheri as long as I've been traveling through Center City, but only finally stopped in this past weekend for a quick breakfast.

The folks behind the counter could not have been nicer or easier to communicate with. They were super friendly and didn't rush us at all.

I ordered a sausage egg and cheese on rye, and my husband ordered a bacon egg and cheese on english muffin. Both were pretty good - no surprises, but reliable for a breakfast sandwich.

Two breakfast sandwiches + two coffees was $13
Awful!!  

I had heard good things about Rachael's, but was incredibly disappointed.  Their specials Board indicated there were potato pancakes and a Potatoes and Spinach Knish.   I would think by 12pm on a Saturday these would be available. I was blunty told they were not available. I opted to order the knish and cabbage borscht.  My  knish was only potato and had no sign of spinach.  the soup was disgusting, and tasted like the liquid left over from a corned beef and cabbage.  All the salt in the world couldn't help this soup .  yuk!!   The pastrami Rueben was ok, but I think I will stick with Schlesinger's, at least they offer a complimentary pickle bar.  I had beg for pickles at this place.
I work right near this place and right off the bat I should mention that it is an excellent, much cheaper alternative to famous 4th st deli which is a block away.  I walk right past 4th st and head to Rachael's.
The corned beef special is perfect. yes, it is sloppy and messy as a result of the russian dressing and cole slaw but to be honest, if my sandwich isn't slathered with both and piled high with meat, I want nothing to do with it. Even the bread, which can usually be an after thought, was soft and delicious.
I am also a fan of the matzo ball soup and the potato knishs that they serve.
I have heard people rave about the mac and cheese which looks like it is freshly baked before the lunch rush.
Rachael's is my go to on rainy days for soup and a sandwich and would definitely recommend.  Even during the lunch rush the line moves quickly.
Ate in here for lunch. I told the guy making the sandwich 3 TIMES that I wanted the special, which was a seafood salad sandwich. He said it came with a side of soup or salad. He then asked me if I wanted both and I said sure, if that's what it comes with. So at the end of the story the give me a lunch tray with soup and a salad - and no sandwich. After a few minutes of me speaking English at a second grade level, they finally realized what I wanted all along - a seafood salad sandwich. Good job guys, good job.

Food wasn't really that great either and with miscommunication that bad, odds of me returning are at 0%.
please, don't waste your money here. i have no idea what happened to this place, but i went here a couple of days ago and had one of the worst dining experiences i've ever had. they used to be amazing!

staff was super rude and unwelcoming. my omelette was spongy and over cooked. floors were dirty, tables weren't bussed, an overall uncomfortable experience. 

there are tons of better options in the vicinity for breakfast and lunch.
So my update isn't about the egg breakfast, but about the bagel that I finally got to try (and mentioned in the last review).  I got a cinnamon raisin bagel with plain cream cheese, and I have to tell you, it reminded me so much of the bagels I used to get in New York.  I've never found ones like that here.  It wasn't overly chewy on the outside and had a different outer texture than the usual ones I have at other places, and there was a perfect amount of cream cheese.  I moved out of this neighborhood and still think about that bagel, so, you should probably try one too.
Overall 3 stars??? What? No way!
Rachael's is GREAT! It's a traditional deli with a huge menu, super fast service, always playing the best old school hip hop and super friendly staff. The guys behind the counter are always singing, making conversation or cracking jokes to each other and their customers while you wait. 
I always get either the turkey club jr (no middle piece of bread) or a pastrami reuben. Seriously so good, they also give you these awesome pickles along side your sandwich!
Rachael's is literally the thing I miss most about going into the office every day.
This is a diner/deli in a nice area of Philly. You can get a most of the items you'd expect from a typical diner especially in terms of breakfast, the set up is just a bit different. You look at the menu, order, and pay up front then you grab a seat and they come and bring it to you. The prices are pretty cheap (3 egg bacon and cheese omelet and toast was $5) and I wasn't disappointed with my breakfast at all. My friend loved her eggs, bacon, cheese, and tomato on a bagel morning special.
Okay so I went and got the Perfect Match today and it was good. I will say that some of the these reviews are pure nonsense. 
Maybe I'm jaded from living in philly for over 10 years but you getting on here crying about customer service from a hole in the wall deli is ridiculous. 


I expect elite customer service when I'm buying something from Neiman Marcus or in other situation where I'm spending a ton of money I shouldn't be. I however do not expect a super please and thank you with my fucking sandwich. 

Go to Starbucks if you want someone to fawn over you. In the mean time please by all means take your sandwich and go. Thank you.
Finally got to try this Jewish Deli and it is simple yet satisfying.

Big Jay Special -

1 1/2 Sandwiches - Corned Beef, Turkey Breast and Roast Beef with Tomato, Green Olives and Chips - This is one of the seven Super Super Nosheri Specials and wow look at that assortment of haf sandwiches!! I love the added tocuh of the green olive through the sandwich on top as well!

Cheddar Sandwich - added American cheese as well for a mere fifty cents extra and by god man you have a whopper of a cheese sandwich. This will be the first and last time I order a cheese sandwich as for some reason I thought I was ordering a grilled cheese sandwich as I do not currently have a toaster oven in my apartment. That being said its a very large and deliciously simple cheese sandwich.

Chicken Noodle Soup - loaded with chicken and noodles with a couple carrots mixed in. I was not a fan. I was hoping for a more flavorful base broth but you could always add salt and pepper if your at the restaurant.

I do not eat at Jewish deli's often as most of the food has very high sodium content and of course your getting to be downing some bread on these sandwiches but this spot was not crazy priced and I can definitely reccommend if your looking for a Jewish Deli fix.

P.S. Love how they add a few pickled tomatos to the take out orders. Haven't had in years and they are spectucular!
I ordered a quart of Matzo Ball soup and a perfect match sandwich.  The soup was delicious, the sandwich was like butter, and the delivery man was nice to me when he delivered it right to my door.  I thought I found the perfect little jewish deli.  That is, until the next day.

Never in my life have I had "an accident" until this day.  It came from nowhere and all the sudden, I'm doing the walk of immense shame trying to get back upstairs before anyone else notices.  Out it all came as if I had just eaten a raw piece of chicken served by a chef that had forgotten to wash their hands.  My lovely little lunch and dinner from yesterday now had me on the ground crying and begging for mercy from the imodium gods.

If you need to power wash your colon, I think this is the right place!  Otherwise, avoid it!
This is most definitely one of those places that deserves more love. 

The way I saw it on a Sunday morning, there were the places that had a line. Obviously they're all good. People seem to be looking for higher culinary experiences in Rittenhouse Square. 

And honestly, we came to Rachael's because the place I wanted to go to had a line up the street. We just decided to come here instead. 

And I'm actually glad I did. Because we got some decent bacon and eggs and a pretty good bagel sandwich for $10 total. 

Combine this with a quick trip to LaColombe coffee nearby and eat it in the square. It's a perfect combo.
I am still looking for a go to deli in Philly.  A place with rare roast beef sandwiches, creamy horseradish, slaw and a crisp Kosher dill pickle.  Maybe a little attitude with my order too!  Alas, Rachael's just isn't it.  While the food is okay, there really isn't anything to commend it; it is pretty average.
The pros include big space, extensive menu, friendly attentive service and big portions.  I got the Matzoh ball soup and a roast beef on rye with horseradish, lettuce, and tomato.  The guys behind the counter are great as is the cashier who gave me three crunch pickles!  The down side is the soup was pretty meh, the roast beef not rare enough, rye a tad stale.  Mind you, not bad but just pretty average.
Place is terrible. 


Yelp says I need to say more in order to post this so I'm just going to reiterate that this is top 5 worst orders I've made in my life. I am a veteran Sunday-scary seamless orderer, and I've placed some incredible orders rookies can only dream of placing; but this was a bad one man.. a really bad one. Like say I'm a pro bowler and I'm just used to throwing maybe a a few picks throughout the season. This was like I literally threw the ball at the linebackers chest, then stripped it from him when he started running it back, then picked it up, ran over to their cornerback, put it in his hands, and then started blocking for him as he ran it back. Further, I found a way to hack the scoreboard to somehow make the touchdown count for 14 points. Then when they kicked it off to us after the extra point, our returner started running it back and I sprinted off the sideline and absolutely leveled him, causing a fumble. I pick up the ball and run it into our end zone. I don't have time to celebrate with the other team because I need to run over to hack the system and make it worth 14 points again. Now it's 0-28. I then hack again to make time expire, so the game is over and no one knows wtf just happened but we definitely lost.

That is how bad this order was.
Having grown up in NYC and eating great Deli's I can only say "haserrye"  may be better to describe Rachel's Nosheri. Although it's in a great location the corned beef special was weak. The service was good but need more than that for me to go back.
Rachel's is a neighborhood favorite of ours. They serve fantastic brunch until 1:45pm on Saturday/Sunday. (But if you show up a few minutes late, the guys in the back are nice enough to be flexible with that time)

The breakfast special is fantastic and they always have delicious everything or garlic bagels (my favorite). French toast/ Lox platters are also highly recommended. 

My favorite part of this place though has to be the staff. They are ALWAYS friendly, welcoming anyone who walks through the door with a huge smile.
I feel like Rachael's Nosheri is just not that into me. Always a struggle to get them to notice I exist. They're perfectly nice -- though they seem far more interested in themselves than in me and my order.

The food is functional, but not delicious.

You may wait a while for food that doesn't seem like it should take long.

The lox is good and the bagels are fine. The tomato is absolutely gross.

The coffee is very basic and gets additional flavor from the spongy styrofoam cups it's served in.

Good place to kill a little time.
I just had one of the best bagel and lox sandwiches ever. The rye bagel was crunchy and the balance of cream cheese to everything else was perfect. Great lox. My husband's whitefish salad sandwich was equally amazing. I am not a big fan of whitefish, but this was great and I kept stealing bites...very casual but warm and situated on a nice city corner.
Rachael's has quickly become one of my favorite lunch spots in center city. In a sea of generic chain restaurants, Rachel's stands out as an old fashioned, family-owned place. It's a deli, nothing fancy, nothing pretentious, and it's good at being deli. 

The service here is super quick. You'll grab your food, grab a drink, and pay all within five minutes, even during the lunchtime rush. And while you wait: indulge in the free pickles, they're pretty good!

My favorite sandwich here is the corned beef on rye with spicy brown mustard. They pile on a lot of corned beef, and hold it in place with an olive crowned toothpick. It's a classic, and it makes me happy just to think of it. For what you get, the prices at Rachael's are pretty competitive. You can get  a good sandwich, chips and a drink for eight bucks.

I highly recommend giving Rachael's corned beef sandwich a whirl next time you're in center city.
Ugh. Terrible.  A few friends and I went in today to try and grab a quick breakfast. While it was crowded,  it wasn't crazy packed and I cannot even explain how slowly and inefficiently this place was run.  We stood next in line for approximately 15 minutes before we were even acknowledged. When our order was finally placed,  we waited so long that I ended up having to leave before the food even came because I had to check out of my hotel.  The woman "working" the cash register wasn't actually working it. She said she didn't know how. I didn't even get to eat,  so I can't comment on the food. 
The man taking orders was very nice.  Only positive.
The hubby and I like going to Rachel's.  It is a very relaxed spot for weekend breakfast / brunch.  Never seems to get too busy or too loud.  One does not feel that they are lingering too long if sitting reading the paper.  Orders are taken at the counter and served to your table.  Coffee comes in a paper cup and water is self-serve in styrofoam at the counter.  Good bagels, lox, whitefish, etc.
There have only been a few times where I've walked out of a place not only disappointed, but wishing I never walked in to begin with. This was less a "now I know" moment and more a "I really wish I had already known" one.

This review is from about a month ago as I wanted to cool down before writing the entire thing. 

We stopped in after walking by a few times. I had lived in the area a few years ago and heard mixed stories but figured I'd try it anyway when I was back there. Big mistake. 

First, the ordering process is arcane. It's not bad, but it's definitely not good. And, since there's no record of what you ordered, when they screw it up or forget to make something, there's no written evidence. And they will. With three people in my party ordering straight off the menu, one dish was missing and the other was wrong.

Again, things like this happen occasionally. However, I would like to note that the older couple behind us also complained under their breaths about the ordering process, and later how they had food missing as well. When I went to the counter and politely inquired about the food, I was met with an equally polite but completely incorrect response that I never ordered it. Then the gentleman apologized and said it'll be right up. Which it wasn't. They "forgot" a second time. I put that in quotes because I checked in and was told it was almost ready and then he realized the person he told to cook it hadn't started it yet. I said never mind.

When I went to pay, the cashier/manager/owner? asked the cook what we ordered and he had the audacity to list all three dishes and then look dumbfounded when I said I never got the last dish. The cashier started to give me the "you eat it, you pay for it" speech before the cook jumped in and said "oh yeah, right." I was so embarrassed despite the fact that nothing was my fault. I couldn't even bring myself to mention the other missing food that eventually came out and tasted horrible. Oh, and despite ordering the half sandwich and soup lunch, apparently the wrong size soup was given to us. The cashier said he had to charge us more. Excuse me!?

I would like to say that the person at the register was genuinely apologetic, which was appreciated. With the look on his face, and the fact that I witnessed this happening to another couple, I'm going to go out on a limb and say this probably happens more often than it should.

Food: Ordered a pastrami sandwich, but never got that. My wife ordered another common sandwich with soup (the 1/2 sandwich and soup deal). The wrong sandwich came out and the soup was forgotten at first. As for the food we did get... the sandwich was similar to those I whip up in 2 minutes at home. The soup was basically the taste of water and salt mixed together. My son got pancakes. I've never seen him not eat pancakes when he asks for them. He spit out the first bite and didn't touch them after that.

We walked out and went for fast food, and had a much better experience.

After reading this, you may get the impression that I'm picky. I really hope you don't, and that it's obvious it wasn't my fault, but if you do, I'm sorry. I'm really not. I worked in various restaurants in positions from busser to waiter to bartender for about ten years. I'm very accepting of the fact that servers and managers make mistakes. When I notice that people are having a bad day, I instinctively act even kinder. So, it was tough for me to experience this exceedingly low level of service and then go on with my day.

I've already talked with some coworkers who were on the fence and have since decided not to go. I would suggest the same for you too. It wasn't an isolated incident and I've heard from others who lived in the area that they were treated similarly. I just can't believe they're still open. Must be catching the tourists.
This place is a deli staple in Rittenhouse. From their breakfast sandwiches to their lunch sandwiches, you can not go wrong with anything you order from here. The inside is very cute and retro, it's a great spot to meet up with a friend for lunch or just to enjoy lunch alone.
Stay away! Bad customer service and very disorganized. When we entered we were told pick the menu and take a seat with no further instructions until we decided to ask why the hold up. Then they told us no you come here and order. On top of that the utensils are not very visible that you feel dumb looking for there. Did I forget the guy who took our order? When requested or ask if the good came in a certain way his response was inaudible. He was mumbling the answers. The food was ok but the service sucks so much that the food did earned them at least 2 stars or three for vein edible.
I have always loved eating here on my passes through Rittenhouse and I was shocked to find it got only mediocre to fairly good reviews. 

I definitely encourage you to try it and judge for yourself. One thing that can't be denied (unless) the staff changes of course is that the service is great. It's really refreshing to go into a deli and have such nice people make your sandwich.  

I have only ever ordered one thing here- the corned beef special. The russian dressing is incredible and the beef is so soft and tender it's like you're eating nothing at all. Yet at the same time it is a taste explosion basically- that's the best way to describe it. It's like flavor is being directly pumped to your brain without the intermediary of your mouth.  Of course, I'm usually very hungry when I eat around here- but  for me it's not hyperbole.

As some one mentioned the russian dressing is terrific- it's very flavorful- and very sweet (perhaps this is not to your taste)- but I feel it balances the saltiness of the corned beef perfectly.

For detractors, I would love it if we could go to Rachel's together, order the corned beef special, eat it sitting next to each other and have you tell me it was just an average sandwich. I don't think you could look me in the eyes and do so. I think there's a little bit of reputation/ (it's in rittenhouse?) bias going on here. 

As for what I have to compare it to- my taste for corned beef developed from those two rival joints on the main line- and I have to say I enjoy this sandwich more than it's suburban counterparts- basically because the dressing is better, service better (though atypically sunny- and perhaps this is not part of jewish deli mystique) , and bread is softer.
Got to work early and was craving some home fries (because why wouldn't I be?) so decided to hunt some down. I have walked past this place hundreds of times but finally decided to go in. Ordered my food (breakfast sandwich, coffee, and home fries) and it was 10/10. Everyone was really nice, especially for a Monday morning. Nothing fancy but definitely makes you feel comfortable & has some great breakfast options to offer! Will be going back again for those home fries.
A Philly favorite!

Service with a smile? Always.

Delicious, home-style Jewish food? It never fails.
So, I was craving Matzoh Ball Soup - and I passed this place and HAD to stop. The Matzoh Ball soup was good. It hit the spot at the time but I have had better (and not just homemade better - see my review of Cherry Hill's Kibitz Room). 

And I HATE when I am eating "in" and I am served my food in or on disposable goods. Like, styrofoam? Really? Would it kill you to have to clean a dish? Soup, particularly Matzoh Ball ( where you need to break those babies up a little) doe snot work in a styrofoam bowl in my opinion.

I will come back here when I am in Rittenhouse area and need a Nosh but I definitely wouldn't go out of my way to get to this place.
Have tried this twice for breakfast. Portions are huge, quality is great and it offers fantastic values.
The wrap with nova lox, and sauteed onions is fantastic. I have a pretty good appetite and was only able to eat a half. I ordered with egg whites and left out the cream cheese. Healthy and very tasty.
Also have had the nova on a toasted bagel with onion and tomato. Again, too big for one person and very fresh.
I like 4th St. Deli and this place is every bit as good, with better prices.
If you want good deli, give this place a shot. Well worth the visit.
I don't even know how this place is still open. The food was inedible and ended up in the trash. Avoid!
We went for their lox and it delivered. It is not the most welcoming space, even a bit grimey, but if you want a quick bagel sandwich, this is worth the stop.
The strengths of this place really rest on their traditional deli sandwich selections.  The pastrami, corned beef, roast beef, etc. come out amazing on the delicious sandwiches they prepare, especially when you ask to have the meat heated up.  I know owners have changed in the past year or so, but the principles of great customer service definitely have remained. 

Every time I go in I'm immediately greeted by whoever is working at the food prep station and during the time I'm thinking about what to order, he is always making suggestions on new items to try. They are more than just polite at this place, they really engage the customers in the whole experience and make them feel important.  I especially notice this with the regulars that are addressed by name every time they come in. 

The place is in need of a little update, the decor is definitely vintage but still needs a little brightening to bring this place some life inside. It's always busy when I go in for lunch and I could only imagine what it could turn into it with a little update.
When in doubt, order The Reuben, and Rachael's offers one of the best I have ever had. 

In case you don't know, a Reuben sandwich involves several layers of hot corned beef, sauerkraut, and dressing. It is a sandwich that is difficult to mess up, although most that I have had are dense, greasy slabs of beef. The Reuben at Rachel's is light, fluffy, and dry. The sauerkraut is top notch and the bread was not soaking with grease when I bit into it. Some Reubens will leave you needing to take a nap afterward, but Rachael's Reuben goes down smooth. 

There are several stools facing the expansive windows overlooking the intersection of 19th and Sansom. I highly recommend grabbing a Reuben and enjoying the view.
Meh.

Not kosher, and the food was kinda bland.  Not even enough reaction to warrant a full review.
Walked to Rittenhouse park with the doggies. Decided to get some bagels and sit in the park. Went to Rachael's and gave them my order 10 times. Still did not get it right.  If they had served me frozen bagels that would have killed it for them, but luckily the bagels were fresh. And also the guys behind the counter were really nice despite their unexplainable confusion.
Service was great - they're very timely and prompt.  I was told I would receive my order at a particular time and they were there on the dot.

The Reuben is delicious (get it made with turkey!) and I adore the Russian dressing.  Other reviewers have noted the relative priciness of this deli, and certainly this is not a cheap sandwich as far as delis go, but it's so, so filling - no need for chips or sides at all.

However, I can't give this place over three stars because of the other items I ordered: the mac and cheese is very underwhelming and over salted.  The chili is so salty it was pretty much inedible.  Probably one of the worst chilis I've come across.
The russian pastrami sandwich was DELISH.  The food is generally okay, but I find it expensive for a deli. Overall disorganized and limited hours, but the staff is nice.

Don't come here if you're a vegetarian. My friend tried to order a veggie sandwich and had to pay $8 for lettuce, tomato, and cheese.

Then again, I figure delis aren't too vegetarian friendly?
The food is good but that's about it. I came with my boyfriend over the weekend for breakfast. The girl who works at the register wasn't pleasant at all. She yelled at us for trying to order from her. I guess you order with the cooks, but none of them wrote our order down. It was busy, so they got some of the other people's orders confused and they were bringing food to the wrong tables. It was very disorganized but it could have been easily fixed if the orders were written down and there was better communication with the staff. They also forgot to put tomato on my boyfriend's morning special. Finally when it was time to pay, my boyfriend went up to the cashier and all she said to him was "hey what's up?". It seemed unprofessional to me; how about "are you all set?" Or "how was your meal today?". All in all, the service just wasn't organized or friendly so I don't think we will go back.
I visited Rachaels today for the fist time, craving an authentic Reuben, and this lovely little deli did not disappoint!  The corned beef was super lean (I don't like fat on the beef in a sandwich), and the beef was super tender, so one bite broke through... in other words, the beef was cooked properly, so i didn't have to fight with it to stay in the sandwich when taking a bite. The Russian dressing was flavorful and light, and the rye bread was high quality. Kept it's stucture well, despite the dressing, and me taking the sandwich to go. A really great Reuben!
Staff was pretty rude.  Wouldn't listen to what I wanted on my sandwich and just made it they way they wanted to.  Bread was dry and crumbly.
Stopped by for lunch because I wasn't sure what I was hungry for and Rachael's has so many items to choose from.

Decided on the chicken salad platter.  I also wanted a huge pickle, but the cook said it came with one, so I decided to forego my side order.  

While the portion was huge, the quality was just meh.  The chicken salad tasted salty and the side of coleslaw and potato salad were just okay, but I've had better quality at a neighborhood BBQ.  

By the way, my platter did not come with a pickle, so another disappointment there.

I'd go back to try something else, but I'm not in a hurry to do so.
This would be a 3.5 star review. 

Your run of the mill deli/quick breakfast place. 

Most recently, I've ordered the Morning Special, which is a breakfast sammy of 2 eggs over easy, cheese, bacon and tomato served on a bagel of your choice (I chose wheat). This is a hearty sandwich albeit messy, the yolks were perfectly runny, and I'm a sucker for egg and cheese anything so no complaints there. Also ordered a side of roasted potatoes which were nicely seasoned. My eating partner in crime got the challah french toast, which was also delicious. 

While both of these items were really good, I didn't rate this place higher for a few reasons. Being a ridiculously die-hard breakfast fan, I don't think I'd order any of the lunch items too frequently, but I have had the matzoh ball soup. Pass. Marathon's is far and away a better choice. I've also had an omelette which was below average (overcooked, not enough cheese to veggie ratio) and an egg and cheese on an english muffin (hard to fuck up, but the english muffin coulda been fresher). Their iced coffee is also not as tasty as other places in the area (Manhatten Bagel's is surprisingly good).

All this being said, they do deliver for free within the immediate area, so I will probably use this place as a delivery staple for ravenous mornings when leaving the bed seems an unlikely possibility.
I used to work in this neighborhood and always got my lunch from the now-closed Wawa nearby. What a huge mistake I was making.
My lady and I were in the neighborhood, craving a quick lunch. We'd been sent looking for the Wrap Shack, and failing to find it, we wandered into the Nosheri. Ah, fate - just an hour before, I'd voiced my craving for a good Reuben.
Found it! We beat the lunch rush so we were in and out in under five minutes, bringing our sandwiches back to Conshy to our comfy couch. The size of these monsters completely justified the $8 apiece we'd paid for them. I would never, on my hungriest day, be able to cram down the entire mass of food with which I'd been presented. Not that I didn't try.
The meat was very fresh, the perfect meeting of moist and salty. And so much of it! For what I was seeking, I couldn't have asked for better. Mazel tov!
Having a lazy Sunday and just couldn't bring myself to make me and the hubs some lunch. Both of us were feeling like some good deli sandwiches so we ordered take out from Rachel's. 

I ordered a tuna salad on a wrap and it was delivered on rye bread...which would have been completely fine if the bread wasn't very stale. Additionally, the tuna salad was largely flavorless. I would have been better off opening up a can of bumble bee from my cabinet. 

Hubs ordered a pastrami and roast beef special. IT WAS HUGE. He said it was pretty good. The mac & cheese side was also delivered cold and again..no flavor to speak of. 

Won't be trying this place again.
The success of a place like Rachael's is consistency. My office is nearby here, and I know I can depend on the Nosheri for a solid, satisfying lunch. There's nothing particularly fancy about this place beyond the sea of neon, and if you're looking for something like that, the rest of the Rittenhouse Square restaurants will cater to your preferences gladly and charge you appropriately. 

I usually phone in my order ahead of time; they will deliver as well if you need the convenience. They know I really like pickles, which are fresh, so they give me a few extra. 

I wouldn't advise waiting in line at noon for lunch or 11 on the weekend for breakfast-the locals know how good of a balance of quality and value this spot offers, so an early breakfast or a later lunch time are best. And they're $4-5 cheaper than Famous Fourth's 19th Street location. 

Noshing may now commence.
This is my quick cheap delicious breakfast spot. The spinach feta omelette was awesome and I add the bacon. The feta was extra good. Nice no BS place to get a bite with friends and chill out.
Don't go out of your way to eat here, but don't fear it either.  Perfectly decent, though nothing special.  If you are in a pinch and need a sandwich, this place is not awful.  I had an utterly tasteless egg salad sandwich with a stray green olive tossed in.  With some more mustard it might have tastes like something.  The bread was bland rye.  My man's whitefish salad sandwich was fine, nothing amazing but perfectly decent.
good deli with plenty to pick from, got your stables and daily specials. quick service, i go later so not busy after 1pm.
Great place in Center City for a Pastrami and Chili on a cold winter day.  We loved it. V
terrible cookies--rock hard and way too crispy. also, for $7.50, i think i'd rather go a couple blocks to primo hoagies for more bang for my buck.
The food is tasty, hence the 3 stars.  I had a yummy hot rueben, and it was good sized.

However, $8 for a sandwich at lunch that doesn't come with any side or drink?  Hmmm.  Me thinks not.

The ordering system is a bit strange, you go through a line similar to Subway, but then you're just all crowded together at the register waiting for your food.  Awkward.

Summary:  Food is good, but overpriced, and the ordering system is antiquated.
Ordered from here instead of famous 4th street because they delivered but that was a big mistake. I should have picked up at famous. I ordered on seamless. I ordered chicken noodle soup and they sent matzo ball soup. I could deal with it if it was good but the matzo balls are tough and bland. The soup tastes like the cardboard container it is served in. I ordered my wife a bagel with cream cheese and lox and asked them to add tomato cucumber and capers if they had it and to put it on a poppy seed bagel. She got a plain bagel with a smear of cream cheese and lox haphazardly thrown on it. It looks like it was made by a five year old. I order chopped liver and corned beef on rye. Fortunately my sandwich was adequate. Nothing special but not bad. I have no idea how this place has been open for as long as it has been. Don't waste your money!!
It took 3 hours for our food to arrive. When it finally did arrive, items were missing, drinks and soups were spilled and sandwiches were not prepared properly. We placed this order at 10:57 am. When I called and spoke to the manager, his excuse was we ordered at lunch hour!  I can be kind and understand a delay for that reason but that is NO EXCUSE for poorly prepared food, delivered in a soggy mess with missing items.  DON'T ORDER TAKE OUT FROM HERE! YOU'LL GET DISAPPOINTMENT, ATTITUDE AND DISSATISFACTION!
Rachael's is one of, if not the most, consistent, dependable and reasonably priced delis in the city (of which there is a serious shortage!) I'm sure that has a lot to do with the fact that they've lasted as long as they have (almost 30 years?) at the same location at the NW corner of 19th & Sansom. Friendly people, always fresh and high quality breads (great bagels) and meats. I order from there more than I eat in the deli itself; not that there's anything wrong with it, but I live basically on the opposite side of Rittenhouse Square from them, and even though we're close, their delivery guys arrive seemingly at the speed of sound on the rain, snow, bitter cold, stifling heat...you get the idea. They've been there to literally nourish me probably well over 100 times. Can't ever not rave about them. Simply awesome.
I'd wanted to try this place out for a while and was pretty underwhelmed. The chicken soup was tasty but eating from a styrofoam bowl with a plastic spoon definitely didn't make it an enjoyable experience. My only point of reference is Schlessinger's Deli, which is in the same price range but has a much more comfortable seating area, real plates and cutlery (which is also more environmentally friendly), and gives you more food to boot (not to mention a pickle bar). I'm glad I tried it but I probably won't be back.
My eating buddy and I have been here twice and have so far tried the Rachael's Special (corned beef with cole slaw and Russian dressing), Eats of Eden (brisket, turkey breast, and corned beef with Russian dressing), CB loves CL (corned beef and liver with cole slaw and Russian dressing) and chicken gumbo. 

The first sandwich was the most delicious due to the corned beef. The second was good but the brisket was on the dry side.  The third...was unexpected.  Having never had a sandwich with liver in it before, I assumed that the liver would be thinly spread on the bread. To my surprise, there was as much liver as there was corned beef. Somehow this combination worked perfectly for me, but it's definitely not for everyone.  The chicken gumbo was also delicious, with plenty of okra.  The pickles were fresh and crisp, much better than average. 

I'm giving this place 4.5 stars, not 5, because of the dry brisket.
I love that I can get cheap delivery for some Jewish style food in the neighborhood. I love their bagels especially the bagel with cream cheese and olives. The knishes were just ok, as was the white fish platter but I will keep ordering because the food is better than good and the service is always great.
So friendly, quick and delicious!! I had the Meatloaf Whopper. Fantastic hot sandwich on a cold day!
The tuna hoagie was fantastic. I couldn't eat it all. Definitely something that could be shared. I also got the turkey Reuben and loved it. Prices are reasonable and food is fantastic.
The lox stock & bagel was delicious!!!! Very friendly service :) And so close to Rittenhouse Square Park.
Cheapskates, liars, rip offs. Don't ever order from here. They don't know how to get a simple order right and then try to charge the customer extra. Rip off!!!!!! Guys that work there refuse to work with the customer. Don't waste your time or money. Guy at the register needs to be fired!
I stopped in to grab a quick bite on my break. The knish was very good, larger than most, and the staff took the time to heat it up well. Such a hot day and very pleasant staff.
Rachael's Nosheri has all the great simple and inexpensive food you crave after a night of drinking, or just about any Sunday morning, but lacks the homey feeling from your traditional diner or Jewish deli. 

Instead of waitress service, you order at the counter and grab a seat while you wait for your food to be quickly made. The menu is large, with everything ranging from your favorite 2-egg breakfasts to soups and sandwiches, all with a very low price tag!

However, there's something comforting about sitting down and having your order taken over a breakfast like this, and that's what was missing. Also, the coffee is served in a paper to-go cup, and not the well-loved, constantly filled, traditional diner mug. The lack of a mug was a big miss, in my opinion. 

But what they lack in service, they make up for in food quality. Even at such a low price, the food was delicious! The spinach and feta omelette was full of chunks of salty feta cheese, and the ingredients were well-incorporated throughout the entire omelette. And even better, there wasn't a lick of grease left on the plate, which I can't stand when you order eggs at a restaurant. 1 point for Rachael's! 

If you're looking for nothing but simple food, this is a great option. But if you're looking for that true deli experience, know that this isn't what you'll get here. This place is good for people on the move, or even solo diners looking to grab a quick bite to eat!
I'm not sure how this place is still in business.
Went in to grab a bagel with cream cheese to go. Guy preparing it suggested toasting. Guy behind the register (owner?) said it was fresh. I took it untoasted and it was the hardest, stalest bagel I've ever bought. They seriously need to step their game up if they can't get this most basic dish right. Bagels are cheap and easy to make on site.
I was slightly hungover at about 10:30am one Sunday morning and decided I needed a turkey club ASAP to help bring me back to normal. Lying in bed, playing with the grubhub app on my phone, I came across Rachael's Nosheri.and I am glad I did because the delivery was very quick and the food was good.

I ordered the turkey club, a diet soda, and a potato pancake with apple sauce. Everything I had was really good.... I think it takes a lot to be blown away by a Turkey Club. The Turkey and bread were both fresh, the Turkey Bacon was crisp - my only complaint was that there was no mayo served on it and was rather dry because of this.  The potato pancake was not what I was expecting- but I enjoyed it. It was rather thick- almost like a 1/2lb hamburger patty thick. The applesauce it was served with was awesome though and complimented it perfectly.

This 11am order lasted me all day and brought me back to a functioning state- which was exactly what I wanted.
I have only been to Rachael's twice and each time I ordered the same thing - the Rachael special which is a corned beef Reuben with Cole slaw instead of sauerkraut. 

The corned beef is so delicious I would probably eat that by itself next time. Both times I have visited for lunch I've received nothing less than spectacular service. My food was brought to me, everything was prepared promptly and on the second visit the chef remembered what I had my first time even though it had been a couple weeks.

I work in the area and come for lunch later in the afternoon so I've never seen it busy and cannot speak to that. What I can say is the service has been phenomenal for me and the corned beef sandwich is even better. 

I will definitely be returning and definitely will be bringing others with me!
A simple place with a true deli menu.  Sandwiches prepared quickly, well-stuffed (not massively over-stuffed, but they are in the $10 range, not the $30 range).  Corned beef, excellent.  Chopped liver, excellent.  Rye bread, fresh and flavorful.  And Dr. Brown's Cel-Ray soda, the only thing to drink when eating deli.

And they have no issue with going off-menu.  I ordered what I wanted, they didn't blink an eye, and charged a fair price.

Definitely on my go-back-there list.
