Despite the fact that I'm a married woman and was dining with one of my girlfriends, Radicchio Cafe made me feel a little like I was on a really good first date.  The wine cork-lined walls, Italian-accented waiter, and cozy distance between tables (all of which were full on Monday evening), contributed to a comfy atmosphere where I could really see myself ordering a salad and asking the person across the table questions like, "sooooo... what kind of music do you like?"

Luckily, this was NOT a first date, and I was free to order whatever I wanted.

My friend and I started with the caprese appetizer, a delicious little pizza crust cut into quarters, each topped with a thick slice of fresh tomato, mozzarella, and a generous sheet of prosciutto.  So good.

I went with the pasta special for my entree, squid ink linguine (a first for me!) in a spicy blush sauce with scallops, shrimp and mushrooms.  ZOMG!!!  The pasta was fresh, which I was not expecting, tender ribbons of cephalopod-infused goodness.  The seafood was just slightly overcooked, but the flavor of the sauce made up for it, and I kept eating far beyond a full belly.

My friend ordered a chicken dish (I don't recall the name), a lightly breaded chicken cutlet topped with eggplant, arugula and shaved Parmesan.  It was surprisingly lighter than expected, well seasoned, and fresh-tasting.

The service was just a little slow, but had we thought ahead and brought a couple bottles of wine to linger over, I would have minded less.

So.  Wanna go back to my place for some coffee?
I came into the BYOB with a bottle of wine. They put down a small wine glass in front of me and I said to the waiter "BIGGER" and he looked confused. So I said (and pantomimed) "I want to drink a lot in one gulp" and he came back and produced a huge goblet with a huge smile. Lovely service but *oy vey* it's packed so you gotta be a little patient and try not to eavesdrop on your very close neighbor's conversation (so hard). 

I stupidly gulped down a half glass of wine before eating and got immediate heartburn after my first bite of buffalo mozzarella. I tried to ignore it. Took deep breaths. Slowed down on the wine. Was charmed by the appetizer; determined to conquer it. Lengthened my posture. To no avail. I only ate 1/4 of my main dish but it was freakin' out of this world tasty-- Farfalle Delizia: bow tie pasta in a pink cream sauce with shrimp and scallops & sundried tomatoes-- Holy Yum worth every dollar of the $20 it cost me. Sorry La Viola, you may be close to me, but this place is way better and just as cute/most likely cuter. Heidi Klum versus Kate Moss. My friend had the bow tie pasta with jumbo crabmeat and basically spooned the sauce in her mouth with wide eyes saying "Good...GOOD!!" like a cavewoman. 

The place is small like someone's studio apartment and I betcha there's always a wait. But the waiters have personality-- I think they talk about you fondly in Italian. They called me "big glass" all night and then teased me for not polishing off my bottle. Oh, and we split a cannoli that earned the double thumbs up (mascarpone chocolate chip with wonderful tasty biscotti served with it). 

I'm hoping because it's tucked away in small corner of the city it'll still be a very intimate secret date spot. But food like that should be shared with the masses and celebrated with antacids. 

Just took four tums. About to dream about eating my leftovers. Didn't bother to share them with the roommate. If food makes you greedy, well then-- 5 stars. My new favorite Italian spot in the city.
I was pretty smitten with dinner at Radicchio Cafe. I dined with a group of six for a birthday and we tried a lot of food, all of it eliciting raves from the table.  My husband and I are vegetarian and they happily accepted changes to our orders.  Their tomato sauce is already veg so nixing the meat on most entrees will immediately transform it into veggie goodness.  I opted for a chicken and broccoli cavatelli sans chicken, with mushrooms.  Everyone at the table coveted my meal.  Bread and a plate of bruschetta were complimentary and the appetizers were generous portions, as were the entrees.  They had a ton of special additions to their menu and they were delicious.  If you can get your mouth on the smoked mozzarella, mushroom and balsamic reduction do it!  It's byo and they don't take reservations.  We waited about half an hour for a six top to open, which didn't seem terrible to me at 8:30 on a Saturday night.  2 salads, 4 apps, 6 entrees and 4 coffee drinks set us back a mere $203.  They were also kind enough to bring out a birthday cake we brought, candle lit and then slice and serve it to us.  The service was a little slow, but in a good laid back way, not in an annoying way.  

Oh and we just happened to sit at a table inches from Chase Utley. So you know, we had that going for us, which was nice.
Radicchio is a small rustic  neighborhood Italian restaurant in Olde City.  It is truly a neighborhood spot and most of the customers are regulars that frequently dine there. I felt a little out of place but that's not a bad thing at all. Customer loyalty is rare these days. 
Most of the customers sit at the same table,  drinking their preferred wine sitting in a room full of their friends and neighbors.  It felt like I was a bit of an intrusion,  but if I was civilized I was gonna be welcomed. I  was seated next to the door and it was a little chilly that night so in my mind I was thinking this better be good......  And it was!  I started with a salad that was wonderful,  with crisp romaine lettuce,  sliced apples,  crumbled blue cheese and candied pecans-  delicious!  I ordered a grilled veal chop with a peppercorn cheese crust with asparagus, penne pasta topped with a blush marinara sauce.  The veal chop was huge and juicy and cooked just how I liked it.  Everything about the meal was definitely on point.  I washed it down with a hearty Shirazz and topped it off with a wonderful tiramisu for desert.  
Me being a outsider no longer mattered,  I was chatting it up with everyone seated near me and when I left,  I was sent off like an old friend.
This is one of the best Italian places I've gone to in the city! Stopped in here (in the pouring rain) on a Tuesday evening to have dinner with a friend before her wedding dress fitting in Old City. I snagged a spot that appeared to have free parking in the evening and we grabbed a table for two at this small but adorable BYOB.

We largely followed the waiter's suggestions on what to order-grilled mozzarella and zucchini for an appetizer which was incredibly fresh and light with a hint of balsamic, the pasta special-a squid pasta with scallops and shrimp in a slightly spicy sauce-and the beet salad with goat cheese and candied walnuts. The fresh bread was perfect and the whole meal took roughly an hour (doesn't take me long to polish off a bottle of wine)- all for about $30 per person. I am DEFINITELY coming here again!
What a cute little place!

My sister threw a dinner here for her graduation last week and it was a wonderful experience.

I love Old Philly with the cobblestone streets.. parking wasn't terrible, but I'm sure it can get kinda ugly looking for it at certain days and times.

My first impression was just of warmth. It's intimate.. dimly lighted with nice glow from all of the Christmas lights hanging on the wall. I felt like I was in someone's home. Service was quick and pleasant. It's BYOB, so how can you beat that? The apps were okay... but my entree of Toto Ziti was BANGIN! Ziti in a pink vodka sauce with prosciutto and shallots.. my goodness it was some of the tastiest I've had. I don't live close by, but I would probably try to accommodate another trip for that plate alone. And prices are extremely reasonable.
Yummers to the 'nth degree.

Pasta, why do I love thee so?  Why must you be prepared so deliciously here?  Why are you so heavy-laden with carbohydrates that I must avoid you most of the year? Why, is it that I let my guard down at Raddichio and consume you until I wipe my plate clean? Why??

Even crowded on Monday nights (a tell-tale sign that this place is not only good, it's popular), this cute corner BYOB is a neighborhood staple and along with La Locanda (a couple blocks over), it's a solid go-to choice for local italian BYO around Old City.  

Dinner progression goes like this: crusty bread, complimentary fresh bruschetta to start.  Wicked garlicky goodness of mussels followed by a favorite of mine, Penne Toto, that is liberally doused with mouth-watering prosciutto, shallots and a pink vodka cream sauce.  Get in my belly!  All their seafood is good here too, and the fish of the day is always fresh and well-prepared.  

Service is fast, sometimes rushed and a little impersonal.  Menu consists of good, standard Italian dishes except the Scallops Al Radicchio -  which are bland and the scallops are almost invisible (more white beans than anything) - skip it - and try their calamari instead.  Also, appears like frequent patrons (or family and friends of the owner?) get preferential seating and even reservations - even though the restaurant does not offer them.  I guess if you show up here in a Porsche or a Corvette Stingray, it guarantees you the first and best table in the joint.
I just moved to Philly from the suburbs and was worried about finding a small Italian place that would still have a home-y feel, especially in Old City. Raddicchio Cafe came pretty darn close to my all time favorite Italian restaurant, Bona Cucina (in Upper Darby, PA... amazing). 
The food is delicious (I ate off of everyone's plates to check hehe). I had the buffalo mozzarella as an app and a special for my entree that I sadly can't remember the name of right now. Food portions are sizeable so I took a doggie bag home (best part of Italian restaurants). 
The staff is friendly, amusing, and attentive. We kind of stumbled upon this place while wandering so we sadly didn't bring a bottle of wine (it's BYO), but the waiter told us not to worry and brought a bottle out for us. With customer service like that, I'm sure to return!
This is a local favorite that I eat at about once a month.  The food is delicious and it has that old world Italian style. The waiters are cordial but not patronizingly cheery.  

My favorite dish is either the Penne Toto (penne Vodka) or any of their fish specials which they present and serve table side. 

Also, it's a BYOB in Philly which equates to small and at times loud. That being said the charm still makes it a great date spot. 

I walk to the restaurant but if you have to drive I imagine finding a spot would not be easy.
it is a really nice place, friendly atmosphere and food is delicious. But it is big problem with the parking we spend 30 min looking for place to park
Just had another solid lunch at Radicchio Cafe.  They are so consistently good that they deserve these stars.  I remember coming here years ago when they first opened.  Back when BYOBs were just starting to really be the thing in the Philly dining scene.  Their popularity hasn't waned, if my recent visits here are any indication. 

Radicchio is probably best known for their great pasta dishes & grilled whole fish specials.  My co-workers & I like to frequent this spot for lunch.  The prices are a little on the high side, but not outrageous.  Certainly worth it considering the quality of the food you get.  Plus, despite the crowds, service here is usually pretty efficient.  And service is so key at lunch when you only have an hour to eat.  The less time spent waiting to place your order, the more time you have to actually enjoy your food.   I'm glad I've rediscovered this place.

Oh, and try the grilled artichoke appetizer if you see it.  Amazing!
Our epicurious neighbor warned us to expect two things at Radicchio: 'authenticity' and 'characters.' We found both at this neighborhood BYOB that looks like a set piece from The Sopranos complete with Garden State wise guys and their goomars, faux finish decor and awesome Italian food.

Pros
-Restaurant regulars (and there seemed to be a lot of them) who come around often were greeted with air kisses on both cheeks at the door by the all-male staff.
-Low-key vibe
-Really great, authentic Italian food - nothing fancy, but from the delicious EVOO on the table with the bread, to the grilled calamari and our pasta dishes (penne positano and buccatini) it was toto bene. 

Cons Light
-Low-key vibe carries over to the service, which tends to be quite hands-off.  But this is to be expected if you're looking for authenticity in your Italian dining experience. Just ask anyone who's dined out in Italy. So don't go if you're in a rush. Otherwise, take this 'con' with a grain of salt and finish your wine at your leisure.
Best Italian food I've ever had, and I've been to Italy. This restaurant is only a ten minute walk from Independence Hall. Ideal for couples or families who want to enjoy a leisurely meal. 

I came here with my wife for our anniversary and Massimo and his staff were very welcoming. We had an amazing meal and I can't wait to go again and again and again.

We waited outside for 15 minutes for a table, but there are heat lamps and some outdoor tables (used for dining in the summer), making the wait comfortable. Once we were seated, it took a while to get bread, but it was so worth it. Seriously...

1) We got olives and cheese. Neither of us has ever enjoyed olives, but these olives were amazing with the cheese. What a find! I'm a total convert now.
2) Amazing bread and olive oil! Totally worth the wait.

We got the shrimp & cannellini appetizer. It was decent, but we were having such a transcendental olive experience that we barely touched it.

I am a vegetarian and was easily accommodated. Not much on the menu for vegetarians, but the waiter did not hesitate to take my request for a substitution. I got the Penne with Vodka Sauce with Sundried Tomatoes & Asparagus. Yum yum! It's not on the menu, but I think you can ask for Eggplant Parm, too. 

For dessert, we got the Tiramisu, which came with ice cream and was one of the best I've ever had. I thought the ice cream was a lovely touch. 

BYOB - we brought a red wine and a dessert wine, and our waiter put the latter in the freezer for us. 

When can I go back?
4.5 stars is more accurate. Such a cute, unassuming Italian BYO. Just the right blend of old-school (waiter with an OG south philly italian accent) and modern finesse (squid ink pasta special woot woot! So hip).

Came here last night for my birthday dinner, and I was immediately charmed by the multicolored christmas lights hanging all over the walls of one side and the wall filled in with wine corks on the other side. The space is small, but cozy and inviting.

I may be slightly biased because I happened to have the best dining partner ever, but the dining experience was fantastic. Menu is on the smaller side, but I'd be willing to bet that everything is above average. We ordered:

-a caesar salad to share (the waiter split this for us without us asking which was nice), egg-heavy dressing, definitely homemade

-linguine positano (multi grain organic linguine, jumbo lump crab meat, oil, garlic, arugula and fresh tomatoes). This was delicious, very fresh tasting with an emphasis on the tomato flavor in the sauce. 

-multigrain organic linguine with chicken and broccoli in a light garlic sauce... this was hands down the winner. The kind of sauce that makes you want to straight up lick the plate and not care who sees. 

We also got a scoop of vanilla ice cream for dessert- the waiter asked to be sure that we just wanted one scoop.. he brought out two anyway and didn't charge us for it :) also came with three little baby biscottis.. fabulous. Love you, waiter.

I really like the fact that you can substitute any pasta on the menu for the whole grain linguine. Actually, I really like everything about this place. Makes me wish I was italian...*Sigh*
My husband happened upon Radicchio Cafe when he was walking our dog. He said it looked "cute" and wanted to try it for dinner (btw, he doesn't use the word cute very often). The restaurant is small, but it's large open windows and outside seating practically double the size. I could definitely see how this place gets crowded in the warm summer months with it's inside out atmosphere.

Although we went on a Saturday night, there was no wait (probably because it's a hidden gem). The menu is small and simple, but the specials of the night are what caught our attention. We started with the gorgonzola/pear/walnut salad and grilled calamari salad. The calamari was delicious and perfectly cooked (not chewy at all). I had the veal limone which was tasty, but my husband's bolognese with parpadelle was even better! They were quite generous with the sauce so he lapped it up with a whole basket of bread. If they are ever offering this special, order it!

Some of the dishes may seem pricey, but the portions and quality are worth it. We've been looking for authentic Italian here in Philly and I think we've found it.
Haven't been in a while, but dined here last Saturday with husband.  And every time I go, I tell myself to try something new on the menu but I simply cannot stop myself from ordering the Penne Granseola.  Now, this dish was taken off the menu (not sure why b/c it is obscenely delicious) but they will make it upon request, but with different pasta (our server recommended the homemade Pappardelle which was fantastic!!).  It's basically just pasta with lump crab meat in a blush sauce.    The crab meat must come from a roided out crustacean because the lumps are the size of cellphones.

For dessert we shared the tiramisu which was disappointing.  It was waaaay to thin and low.  I like my misu piled high.

The decor has improved tremendously - however if you're facing the kitchen, the neon glow from the fridge is a bit of an eye sore. 

It's hard to dine with large groups b/c they don't take reservations, but in the warmer months it's easier to wait outside.  Be sure to bring extra wine & beer b/c they'll bring you glasses to start drinking with.

Overall I love this place and will continue to dine here from time to time.
Amazing. Literally one of the best Italian meals I've had in months.

After about 6 months of hearing family and friends suggest Radicchio's to me I finally made a point to go. My boyfriend and I went for our 2 year anniversary dinner. We have good friends who frequent there so we had the heads up to bring plenty of wine and arrive early/expect to wait as there are no reservations and it's small inside.

We got there on a Saturday night at 6PM and walked right in. There were about 6 seats available at this point in time. Within 10 minutes every seat inside was taken. They did however use the outdoor seating with heat lamps for others after us.

You receive complimentary brushetta and bread/oil. We also ordered a Caesar salad to split and mussels & clams in red sauce for appetizers -- both were delicious. The sauce was fresh and the seafood was tender.

For our meals we both ordered pasta in their blush sauce. The blush sauce was honestly one of the best I've ever had. My boyfriend couldn't stop grabbing the bread to soak it up.

I ordered the lobster ravioli special which had asparagus, scallops, and shrimp included as well. BEST EVER. My boyfriend ordered the spiral pasta with shrimp and scallops. 

Going into the evening we knew we would eat a lot so we skipped lunch. We were still expecting to bring home leftovers, sad to say we ate every single thing on our plates. It was THAT good.

I will definitely be back. Service was excellent and the prices were unbeatable for the quality of food and experience you get. Love it there!
one of my fav byobs in philly. the food is always on point. it is fresh and yummy. i love their pasta dishes. and their fish is so good. i do prefer to go lunch time. no wait and much less expensive. the service is great. i have nothing bad to say.
I loved everything about Radicchio!! Even though we had to wait for about 20 minutes for our requested table for 2 outdoors - the waiters provided us with wine glasses that we were able to enjoy our wine while we waited!  Excellent thinking. 

The waiter was attentive, authentic, helpful, and kind of laid back in a way that made you feel like you were....at home or something!  It was basically the perfect level of service!  

Now, the food...so unbelievably amazing.  I am a picky eater, so for me to like every single thing that was served to me is a small miracle! Appetizers - a special that involved scallops, sun dried tomatoes, and spinach - seriously, to die for...I could have eaten a large plate of this as a meal!  And, the buffalo mozzarella - out of this world delicious.  Get it, you will love it.  Oh, and the complimentary bruschetta was obviously great, too. 

Entrees: I got the lobster ravioli special - heaven on a plate. It was the perfect portion, the ingredients were obviously fresh, and blush sauce was SO good, I wanted to lick the plate.  My date got the veal special - I am not into veal, but he adored it.  We did not get dessert, because we were full, but the tiramisu looked outrageously good!  

There were so many things on the menu that I really wanted to try that sounded good - I had a hard time deciding what to get!  

Radicchio is so good that my mom came to visit me 2 days after I ate here....and I wanted to take her there, but I thought that might be borderline obsession!   

Go here. You will be happy you did.  And, bring your favorite wine.
What an absolute little gem Radicchio Cafe is! Tucked away just north of Old City, Radicchio is small and adorable but packs a stellar meal! It's BYO so make sure to bring some vino to go with. I happen to love vino, so especially loved the entire wine cork wall and the wine box trimmings. There's some cute al fresco tables outside as well, and they've got the big open windows for a nice day.

Everything we had was delicious! My one coworker stressed that we HAD to get the octopus appetizer and man was he right, that was amazing! We also got the calamari which was dressed the same as the octopus, and the Focaccia Caprese which was equally as amazing. The table bruschetta was also super yum!

The place was completely packed while we were there but service was super duper quick! I was in a party of 8 and everyone absolutely loved their meals. I had the Chicken Locanda which was perfect because I didn't want super heavy pasta especially after all those apps. The chicken was pounded thin and lightly breaded and the eggplant and arugula on top were the perfect complement. And ALL THAT PARM!!! It was really hard to pick an entree though because everything sounded so good. Few people at the table got the lamb ragu special, saw a few of the seafood dishes too.

Overall, this place was phenomenal! I honestly would've never stumbled upon it had my coworker not suggested it for this dinner!
Just an ok place.  It was really...really small.  Had I known I probably wouldn't have waisted time to walk here and be squeezed in.  
Food:  just ok.  Definitely IMO not worth the walk from our hotel to here.  We had the brocolli and sausage appetizer to start off with.  The sausage was overcooked and the brocolli appeared to be brocollini and it was just...bitter.  The garlic was overcooked (think of dark brown and black pieces of chopped garlic).  None of the components came together at all with this dish IMO.  Overall the dish wasn't pleasing at all.
I ordered the penne with shrimp and scallops with a creamy tomato sauce.  It was just...average and something I could have definitely made at home.  Not worth the $$.  
Husband had their play on chicken parmesan.  They call it something else but it's pretty much the same thing.  He describes his food as just "meh.  Nothing special."
They did bring out some bruchetta which was very good.
Didn't want to stay for dessert because of how crowded and cramped it was.  
We probably won't be back because we are here just for a few days.  However, if we lived in the city...we probably still wouldn't come back.  Nice to try...but definitely IMO not worth it to keep trying.  Service was friendly however which is why they get 3 stars and not 2.
Oh Radicchio, you may be my new favorite BYOB!

My date and I were looking for a cute BYOB to go do for dinner last night and settled on this place after reading great reviews and checking out their menu online. They did not disappoint. We got there around 9, asked to sit outside and were seated immediately.

A handsome waiter (always a plus) came to greet us with an authentic accent to boot and recited the specials inside and out while opening our wine. We did not have to ask for anything - our water was refilled throughout the night and our bread basket served instantly. The bread was nothing special, but we ordered an appetizer of mussels with clams in white wine sauce that was delicious.

I ordered the penne positano - a delightful combination of penne with lump crab, arugala, garlic and tomatoes that had just the right amount of flavor without being too heavy. My date got the lobster ravioli special and was in love after his first bite - i had a few bites and had to admit i was jealous of his dish.

Finally - the best part of a meal - we asked what they had for dessert. They did not have a dessert menu but our waiter listed off about 6 different homemade desserts they offered that each sounded better than the next. We settled on splitting a chocolate chip cannoli - which was super yummy and fresh. 

And..i almost forgot to mention, the prices were reasonable and our bill was less than $70 - not too shabby for two entrees, appetizer and dessert.

I highly recommend you make a trip Radicchio Cafe!
I'd heard a lot of good things about Radicchio and can see how, when all cylinders are firing, it can be a charming, old-school Italian experience for an intimate occasion like date night. I stopped by half an hour before the lunch service was supposed to end - with only two other parties in the restaurant at the time - and found the waiter to be rather annoyed and perfunctory. 

In particular, the waiter rattled off all the specials at hyper speed in a clearly disinterested manner, so much so that I could barely understand what he was saying. Nothing on the menu piqued my interest as much as the words "lamb ragu" which  stuck in my head. It wasn't a rigatoni dish either - the pasta was shorter and wider, without being ridged, so the lamb ragu pennoni? or tufoli? it was. 

My impression perked up a bit with a serving of bread that I dipped in the olive oil stored at each table, and then with the lamb ragu dish itself, which was perfectly al dente and meaty at first bite, if it wasn't for the fact that several bone fragments were in it. Fortunately, I wasn't eating at a rushed pace, but if I was, it would have been quite a jolt. 

My ultimate verdict: meh. I've had plenty of good, old-school Italian fare in New York, and plenty of fantastic, modernized fare in the Bay Area where I am. The pasta here wasn't bad, but the obvious miscues soured what would have been a borderline pleasant experience.
This is one of my favorite Italian restaurants in the city. I've been here multiple times and have always received great advice from every staff member. It is a local BYOB and it shows in that the owner/manager knows the regulars. I recommend the octopus appetizer, the Bronzino while fish, and any of their specials. The venue is small so be prepared to have to squeeze between tables and sit close to other diners. I love the food so I'm willing to go in spite of this small flaw.
There are so many reasons to love this place.  I made reservations for New Year's Eve for the last reservation of the night - 9:30, well in advance.  I tweaked it a few times - for 14 people, originally and ended up a party of ten.  I called each time with an update and they were very kind and accommodating about the changes.  

A BYOB establishment, all of my friends and, some out-of-towners, relied on me to choose the venue.  We showed up in the freezing cold at the time of the reservation after some pre-gaming at a downtown hotel.  It was packed and the size of it was, shall we say 'cozy'?  The vibe in the place was so festive - colored lights draped lovingly, large parties of people drinking and singing, bus boys and waiters buzzing.  My friends and I hung out in the tiny entrance vestibule or huddled under the heat lamp and drooled at the pleasant aromas coming from inside. 

No one was moving from their parties and who could blame them?  I inquired with the owner/host who was already on top of trying to figure on how to get a party of ten situated.  In a hot minute, the staff concocted a table along the large window on the side almost out of nothing.  They had the table set and us seated in about 10 minutes.  

As a courtesy for the wait, they sent out plate after plate of appetizers (on the house) and started popping bottles of our wine.  It was a bit tight but no one seemed to mind as the food was brilliant - bruschetta, sausage with broccoli rabe, mozzarella and prosciutto with roasted red peppers, grilled octopus and lots of fresh bread.  The service was quick and steady and everyone ordered and sampled a little of everyone's plate.  Everything was impeccably presented and simple, yet delicious.  I had rigatoni vodka which was fabulous.  I tasted some steak that melted in my mouth.  I had only a small taste of the tiramisu since I was so full - perfection.  

The bill was reasonable, as are most BYOBs but the menu prices, you will see are modest for the quality, portions and freshness.

I had to write a review to give them mad props for food, service, decor AND convenience as we stumbled out of there and within a block or two were able to take in the fireworks on the river for the new year.  I somehow came out a hero that night for choosing such a great place for a meeting of friends. Everyone mentioned how much they enjoyed it.  I know I will be back since everything came out roses on a crowded holiday evening.  I am certain that it would be even more enjoyable when not so hectic.  

Just for the food alone, five stars.  Six stars for the chefs & staff at  Radicchio who really did everything to ensure a most enjoyable dining experience.
The food here is just terrific. It's the service that really disappointed me on my last visit. It was a Thursday night. Fairly busy, but we were seated within 15 mins. For the rest of the evening, though, I felt mostly ignored. Did you ever go to a spot where you feel like an outsider, like everyone else is a "friend" but you are a stranger? That's how we felt. I watched waiters dote on other diners--filling water, checking in--but I had to flag someone down from across the room to get a water refill. The worst part, though, was when--in the MIDDLE of our meal--a waiter asked us to move to another table so they could accommodate a big group. Up we went, dragging our plates and wine. I really felt disrespected--as though the other customers were more valuable than we were.

Pasta was great and the broccoli rabe with sausages is excellent. I just wish the service was as expertly prepared.
Very cute restaurant with indoor and outdoor seating. Windows open wide and even the indoor seating was integrated well with the outdoors. BYOB here is a nice plus, although we didn't come prepared. We arrived before the evening rush, so there was plenty of seating. By the time we left, the place was packed (no reservations).

The food was very good, favorite was the grilled octopus appetizer. Nice seared flavor. The halibut special was a little dry. Pasta dishes were very good, although a little light on the seafood.
Dinner was fantastic. Also, the service was very good. Comfortable atmosphere and a BYOB. We will be coming back again!
Consistently friendly service and yummy food. If you're in the mood for traditional Italian fare and to byob, this is one of the best in the city. One night we were there and the power went out and they kept cooking somehow and fed everyone by candlelight!
LOVE this place!!! One of my absolute faves! You wake up Craving their food the next day, almost as if they put crack in it! Haha I kid, I kid! Cute lil' BYOB, good for catching up with a couple of friends or a good first date spot. It's tiny so if you go during busy dinner hours, expect to wait a lil' bit, however it's totally worth it!

Can't wait to go back!!!
Favorite Italian byob in the city. I've been coming here for years and it consistently impresses me . The service is too notch and has a cute cozy ambiance. Make sure you order the grilled calamari as an app and try the pink sauce w your pasta . Amazing!
Finally writing a review after my 4th visit to Radicchio Cafe. I absolutely love this place, and is my number 1 Italian BYOB in the city. Great spot for a double date, although beware they do not take reservations. So, get there early or enjoy a nice walk around old city as you wait. They have great outdoor seating in the summer, and the staff is extremely accommodating to various party sizes. Also, they accept credit cards!

They have numerous long-time customers who are very friendly. One even shared their own personal olive oil with my friends and I! Very fun environment! 

Staff is beyond friendly and extremely professional. Do yourself a favor and take the time to listen to the daily specials, as I've ended up ordering one 3/4 times there. 

Appetizers: The buratta and grilled octopus are an absolute must to enjoy with the complimentary bruschetta and bread. If they have the grilled octopus/calamari special I suggest grabbing an order for the table.

Entrees: My first time I had the gnocchi with meatballs, which was very filling and delicious. Second time I had the squid ink pasta special, which was a fun and yummy dish. Third time I ventured towards the veal saltimbocca, which is an excellent meat option! My most recent visit I decided to go with the lobster ravioli with scallops and shrimp (off menu special). My only complaint was that I didn't order plate  to go, it was that good! 

Finally, I've heard nothing but great rumors about the branzino, which I will certainly be trying next time.
I knock a star off the venue for one reason: staff.  Our server was kind and efficient, but the rest of the staff seemed a bit stuffy for my liking. I will admit that as a past server myself, I am incredibly picky about how customers are treated. That being said, it was my only complaint about the place. 

Our meal here was remarkable. I had a pasta dish with prosciutto and pink sauce (a really classic vodka and cream), the beet salad, and the grilled calamari. All three things were amazing, and the meal was perfectly fresh. 

The set up was quaint, calm and reminiscent of a little Italian cafe. We discovered that it is byob (after we had already arrived, dammit), and plan to go back with our own cab of choice next time.
I ate dinner here with my mom and sister saturday night. We arrived just before 7, and waited about 20 minutes for a table. We're an italian family and are all pretty picky about Italian food, but this place did not disappoint. The menu is pretty basic, but they offered plenty of interesting specials, liked smoked mozzarella with porcini in a balsamic reduction. My entree, lobster ravioli in a tomato cream sauce with scallops and shrimp, was fantastic. This place is BYO, and the servers will gladly chill your wine while you wait or uncork it and provide glasses so you can drink while you wait. It's a small place, and a bit loud, but the servers are attentive. The location is a bit out of the way -- there's outdoor seating with a lovely view of the freeway. But the overall charm of the place outweighs all of this.
I went there for a bridal shower and felt in love with this place! The manager was very accommodating and nice, service was great! I love the food and the ambience, and it's BYOB. Gnocchi and appetizers were divine! I'm definitely coming back!
My first BYO in a city full of them!  I came with a few girlfriends, which provided a good opportunity to sample dishes.  

We started with the buffalo mozzarella, which was only big enough for 4 people to each get a slice of grilled zucchini topped with cheese, but still tasty - the zucchini was done perfectly.

We then split 2 Rigatoni Toto (with shallots and prosciutto in pink vodka sauce); 1 Cavatelli with cheese, broccoli, and chicken; and 1 Paccheri in a red sauce.  By far, the Toto sauce was the best - very flavorful without being overwhelming.  The Cavatelli was good but more subtle, with the chicken being a bit dry (although in fairness we ordered it on the side).  Portions were generous and fair for the price.

The servers rotated in dizzying fashion, but we were never neglected.  The restaurant was very accommodating for vegetarians, willing to exclude meat or put it on the side.
My favorite restaurant in the city. I have NEVER been disappointed. It's always consistently delicious and fresh. The lobster ravioli that they have on special a lot is my favorite. And the octopus, perfect. So charred and grilly. Amazing.
This is our favorite place in the city. Great byob with incredible service and intimate experience. I always  order the special and have never been disappointed.
I was lucky enough to attend a shower here that took up the whole restaurant. I was expecting a pre-fixed menu. Boy we're we all surprised!!! Four of their appetizers each brought out individually and more of anything you wanted. Then each guest ordered a full entree. Four of us were debating over this one dish. The owner insisted he would bring the entree we originally ordered and one platter of the other one four the four of us to share. We said not necessary this is a party and we did not want to do that. You guessed it he brought it anyway. Our waiter took our entree orders as soon as we arrived so we had no idea beforehand that so many appetizers were to be coming out. Each appetizer was delicious!! We were stuffed by time out entree came out. But that was delicious too. We all had something different so we tried each other's. Another surprise came out family style gnocchi, unbelievably delicious!! Ok then came the cake our hostess brought herself sliced for everyone....scrumptious!! Then out came another surprise, six slices of the restaurants own dessert.. omg the best. We were all stuffed but we heard Yums around  us so we divided each dessert for the four of us. The cream brûlée pie and cannoli was my favorites. It's a BYOB and our hostess outdid herself with various wines and special cocktail. The only negative is the parking. There is street parking if you can find it 2hrs only except Sat and Sunday. Car pool or Uber if you can it's worth it and less than being towed or a ticket. Many guests were nervous about their cars. But we were all lucky!!!! Be careful walking in street because it's original old bumpy cobblestones so let your party out at the door. Take someone with you to hold a spot if you spy one while you're circling. All that aside the food is delicious and bringing your own wine makes this place a win win. One other thing is they don't take reservations unless it's a large group. We were lucky having the entire restaurant. But I will be Ubering back with my husband and friends. Share the expense and all can drink too!!!
Amazing Byo Italian place just a few blocks from the bustling inner city. Street parking available and nice outdoor seating. Went Friday night at 7 waited about 15 minutes to sit. 

Appetizer: ordered the clams and mussels with a spicy tomato sauce - very good. They do give you a lot more mussels than clams. Complimentary bruschetta. Also given fresh bread with olive oil.

Dinner: They have daily specials that all sound delicious. My boyfriend opted for the lobster ravioli special ($25) which had a delicious sauce and was very good. I had the chicken parm entree ($19) - loved it! Very good tomato sauce which makes or breaks an entree. Portions are reasonable. Prices are higher but you pay for what you get.

Dessert : Hazelnut cheesecake did NOT disappoint! So good and complimentary almond biscotti. 

Service: All men and they are very hardworking! It's not rushed - at all. They give you time between meals. Very authentic. 

Only reason I only gave four was because it was my first time - got to try out other things first ! :)
My meal last night at Radicchio Cafe will go down in the history of the blandest meal I have had ... ever.
Our party of five was in search of a great BYOB and since 943 was randomly closed on a Thursday night Chloe and Radicchio were mentioned and Radicchio had an open table and could seat us right away.

After being seated complimentary bread and brushcetta was brought to the table. The bread was ok nothing spectacular. We each ordered various starters and entrees, broccoli rabe with sausage, buffalo mozzarella, caesaer salad, shrimp with beans, penne pasta with veggies, veal and Radicchios take on chicken parm (their words not mine)

I would say out of the dishes I tried the broccoli rabe was the best. My shrimp app with beans and asparagus came OVERFLOWING with beans (needless to say it was a gassy night for me) and 2 measly shrimp. I counted 6 asparagus tips. The shrimp were slightly overcooked and the beans were so bland I think I shook the entire salt shaker over the dish. I did not enjoy my meal at all. The caesar salad dressing was equally bland and very flavorless. I'm not really sure how you mess up caesar salad there are plenty of store brought options that come to mind if your kitchen staff is unable to make something that's edible. 
Service was pretty good considering they were pretty crowded for a Thursday night. Water glasses were refilled without request and dishes cleared in a timely fashion.
Unfortunately the food did not meet the fours star expectations. It's definitely a possibility that I would venture back here and try something else but not any time in the near future.


Its  BYOB and they accept credit cards
Delish. Been here several times now and each time has consistently been EXCELLENT.

No grilled octopus this time, but still got the grilled calamari app, broccoli (rabe) & sausage app, roasted beet salad, bowtie pasta with pancetta in pink sauce, and special pappardelle and scallops.

pasta is always al dente with great sauces. 

the roasted beet salad with goat cheese could have had more goat cheese, and it wasn't the best roasted beet salad we've had, but it was still very good.

Not sure about the recent poor reviews - that has not been my experience. Sure, maybe the wait staff isn't the warmest, but personally, I appreciate the no nonsense, tell-you-as-it-is waiters we've had, and I've never felt that the wait staff or any of the workers have ever been rude.
If you read my reviews you will find me and my friends are big fans of Phila BYOB restaurants.  Just returned from Radicchio and can tell you this is about as good as it gets.  Been to many BYOB's after shows at the Walnut and have never found one as busy as this one on a Sunday at 5.  Waited about a half hour for table inside.  Could have sat outside but just a little too cool tonight.

Javier was waiter and excellent.  Asked him what the difference between others chicken parm and theirs and he said it was made with love.  Started the night with fun and we made a theme of asking for everything with love. Great service and food.  As busy as it was it did not show in service and we were never rushed to turn over the table.

Chicken parm, Pasta with panchetta, veal medallions with crab meat, chicken with eggplant /arugula dinners excellent.  Apps of mussels and clams white wine sauce, and sausage and broccoli rob all excellent.

Would back up other review in that you have to be careful of the number in your party.  Seems couples could get table easily but any more and you may have to wait for table to open.  It is worth the wait. Advise to come early.   Parked on Spring Garden with no problem about a block away.  Parking in the immediate vicinity could be a problem.
What a lovely BYOB in old city. I enjoyed the food and service here. One thing to have is the the octopus salad and their cannoli. Everything is so good here that you will want to just keep eating.
My boyfriend took me here for our anniversary dinner. The service was pretty good and the food was delicious! 

We both chose specials for our entrees. Mine had taglatelle with some vegetables and scallops in a light wine sauce, and my boyfriend's dish had gnocchi, beef, vegetables, and a creamier sauce. The pasta didn't seem like it was made fresh, but the ingredients were pretty good. We also had the buffalo mozzarella appetizer, as well as tiramisu and cannoli for dessert. The cannoli were just OK, but the tiramisu was probably one of the best I've had. 

Seating was a bit tight, but it we were there early in the evening, so it wasn't too crowded. Due to the set-up, it's probably a better place for smaller parties rather than large groups.The windows are huge, so there is a lot of natural light. Overall, this is a cute BYOB with very decent food at very decent prices.
Ok, this is my first review, so take it how you please. However, I frequently visit the best of the best - from restaurants to hotels - and thoroughly enjoy a great service and product. Here's my take on Radicchio....

We started off with the Buffalo Mozzarella. It was quite tasty, but the tomatoes were not salted, or at least I could not taste a trace of salt. Culinary rule #1, use salt. Especially tomatoes. Season every individual part of the meal. Regardless, the tomatoes were room temperature and that was pleasing. I'd give this a 6 out of 10; I just ate at Osteria del Cinghiale Bianco in Firenze, Italy, and that Buffalo Mozzarella was a 10/10. 

Entre #1: Gnocchi Al Pomodoro. Yikes. This fell flat on every aspect. The gnocchi was so dense and potato like. Heavy, filling and kind of grainy. Not pleasant on the palette. Also, their 'famous homemade tomatoes sauce' was severely lacking. Again, SALT! Please, chef, introduce salt to your tomatoes. This is Italian cooking. Highlight the simplicity of the ingredients by adding some salt. Tomatoes especially (Again). Salt, Salt, Salt. I also had tomato skins running throughout. Again, not pleasant on the palette. I'd give this a 2 out of 10; I can make a much better product at home.

Entre #2: Fusilli Toto. Best dish we had at Radicchio. Finally, we had some salt; we could begin to taste the ingredients. The scallops were cooked perfectly, and just melted in our mouth. The sauce was a solid 7 out of 10, and the pasta was cooked well. My only complaint was that the shrimp were overcooked, which is usually the case in most restaurants. Since this is a pasta dish, the shrimp will continue to cook in the (hot) sauce, so undercook those suckers! I'd give this a 6.5 out of 10.

Entre #3: Chicken Sorrentina. This was, ok. Not bad, not great, but passable. The chicken was a hair too dry (Go to A Mano and order their Chicken Milanese - so moist that it's to die for), though it was perfectly crispy. Again, the sauce. PLEASE, for the sake of Italian cooking, PLEASE, recreate your sauce. It's quite bad. Seriously. I'd give this a 6 out of 10.

Maybe I had an off night? Regardless, I was given what I was given. Would I go back or recommend them? Not a chance. I seriously have a love affair with A Mano, and I have yet to find an Italian restaurant I love as much. Vetri, you're great and all, but balance. Balance your tasting - it's too heavy. 

So, there you have it. An unbiased review given by a new guy to yelp, but a guy well-traveled. 

Side note: I think Cindy is bit critical/ignorant when she states "This is a white trash 'Fancy Night Out' restaurant." However, in some respects, she is right. This place is nothing fancy. Too many other great spots to go in Philadelphia.

Good luck, Radicchio!
What a lovely little place!  My friend swears that on a slightly less crowded night, it can be very romantic - my experience was definitely more lively than romantic, but no complaints to that.  My friend is a semi-regular, so I took her word for it and met her here at 7pm on a Thursday.  It was busy - every table was filled, and there was a group waiting ahead of us (they don't take reservations), but we put our name in anyway and retreated to the storm door area, which was furnished with a stand heater - such an appreciated and memorable touch to combat the below-freezing temps.  We waited just 5 minutes before the nice man poked his head outside and told us he had a table ready.  

The service was great - our waiter knew the menu inside & out and was just the right amount of friendly, chatting up my friend about their shared love for and knowledge of fancy cheeses.

It's BYO - we brought champagne, as that was the only thing we had readily available, and our waiter immediately brought out a stand and starting chilling it with lots of ice, cold water, and salt - smart, efficient, and attentive.  He back in a flash with pre-chilled champagne glasses, too - impressive.

The atmosphere is bright, slightly rustic, inviting, warm.  Tables are a little close together and chatter fills the room (some of the reasons why I didn't get the romantic vibe) but we were completely comfortable and could carry on conversation across the table with no problem.

Their menu is what I consider an awesome balance of innovative and classic.  We started with the ricchi e poveri salad, which is asparagus, shrimp, and cannelloni beans - an unexpectedly perfect combination of flavors - and grilled calamari with arugula and capers, one of the specials that night - delicious and cooked well (not overcooked as so many places do).  We split another of the specials for our entree - homemade squid ink pasta with mushrooms, spicy tomatoes, scallops, and shrimp.  The squid ink gave the pasta a little twist, and the spiciness of the tomatoes gave it a little kick.  

I absolutely loved everything we ate, and I would come back in a heartbeat.
Came with a group with out of town guests.  This BYOB restaurant is cozy with a great vibe.  The service was attentive and the food fresh and delicious.  The Halibut I had was perfectly cooked and great flavor also.  The Octopus App was an adventure for most of us.  It was exquisite.  
Everyone enjoyed their entree and the shared apps.  Will definitely go back.
I love Radicchio. Amazing staff, cozy ambiance and delicious Italian cuisine.

Due to it's quaint size, they do not take reservations. Therefore, I prefer to come here during the warmer months when they have outdoor seating.  They will also gladly pass out wine glasses while you wait so you can crack open your wine (BYOB, FYI) and take a seat outside.

I've had a number of entrees here before, but most recently enjoyed the Linguine tre Colori, served with fat shrimp, chopped asparagus and roasted red pepper. Deliciousness. 

Due to it's cornered off location in Old City, I think it receives less press than a lot of the other Center City BYOB's, but it's a favorite for me by far.
This place never disappoints. My boyfriend lives around the corner so we frequent this place a lot. Their calamari is to die for and so are many of the pasta dishes, my favorite being the seafood pasta. They have outdoor seating in the summer and it's quite comfortable and not too noisy, as it is located on a side street. Bring your own wine and enjoy the hospitality and the great food!
We went here on a recommendation and reading the great reviews, we wanted to try it instead. We went there on a Saturday night at 8:30 and were seated at 8:50. I didnt see anything I liked on the salad menu so when he server told us about the 2 color beet salad with gorgonzola cheese, I promptly ordered it since i love beet salads. I regret to say that I had to send it back because it was dripping with balsamic vinegar and no olive oil. The portion was enormous and the beets were cut in huge chunks. The waiter got an attitude when I told him I didn't like it. My husband had the mussels which were very fresh but nothing special.

For the main course, we shared a whole branzino which delicious. The homemade tiramisu was good as well. The prices were definitely good, and the outdoor seating lovely.
This place is a true delight. When you step through the door, you're immediately drawn into the cozy atmosphere- soft lighting, candlelit tables, and charming decor. I first noticed the wall of wine corks, if that's any indication of how much fun is had at this great little BYOB spot!

This is an excellent place for groups and the host graciously accommodated our party of 6 by pulling tables together. The service could not have been nicer or more attentive. The waiter recited all of the specials from memory and made each of them sound so magical and delicious. He obviously did a great job, because we ordered all of our appetizers from the special menu! 

everything we ordered was so fresh, light and uniquely flavored. This is great Italian food, the kind that makes you feel good after eating it. Not heavy, but delicately prepared.

-if they have the burrata, it's a must! it's not just a ball of cheese, it's so much more than that
. 
-the artichoke hearts were awesome, not as conducive to sharing so I was happy to hog the whole plate! they're served with arugula and tomatoes with a nice touch of lemon. 

-the combination appetizer of octopus and calamari was a complete stand out! it's grilled, not grossly fried like you usually see it. 

My main dish was the pasta matriciana, perfectly al dente with a beautiful and light red sauce. the pancetta added great flavor and texture to the dish. 

For dessert, you need the tiramisu! so fluffy and delicious, definitely homemade. Hold off on the cannoli, it's nothing to write home about...order 2 tiramisus instead!!

Needless to say, this place is incredible and I can't wait to bring my family here next time they are in town!
5 star rating just goes to my fave Italian dish of Rigatoni Matriciana. Had it in Rome and have been craving it ever since.
I absolutely loved this place. Granted I only just came here for the first time. 
The place is a tiny byob. There is not much room for the servers to maneuver, or hang out if you have to wait to be seated, but the food was delicious and the staff friendly and accomodating. 
My family and I shared a few appetizers. Grilled octopus, grilled calamari, and ricci e poveri, all of which were delicious. The seafood was cooked just right and not overdone or rubbery. 
For our entrées we selected to share lobster ravioli and branzino. The lobster ravioli actually had lobster in it. Many other places just put a seafood based sauce over it. The branzino was light and flavorful and accompanied by vegetables. This was a nice contrast to the heavier ravioli. They cook the whole fish and give you the option of filleting it for you or doing it yourself. 
For dessert I recommend the limoncello sorbet. It was a refreshing way to end the meal!
I spent one summer working in Philadelphia and are here 4 times. When I get a taste for Italian, I semi-convince myself to do the 9 hour drive from Detroit to Radicchio just for their penne with blush sauce and crab. 
I mean, I am still dreaming about their amazing food, friendly staff, and romantic charm 2 years later. Please don't tell me you live in Philly and pass up the chance to dine here regularly!! 

As stated, I ordered off the menu (thanks to a Yelp tip!).... I ordered a penne paste with crab dreamily blended with a creamy, delicately rich blush sauce.  The crab added a sweet taste and creamy texture alongside properly prepared al dente pasta. Highly recommended. 
I cannot remember exactly what other meals I had here but what I do know is everything I ate during my visits was prepared properly and exceptionally. Nothing I ate was simply ok-- everything was enough to rave about and hands were flying between my plate and my guests. Food was served with friendliness and care and I could expect an intimate dining experience with a friendly buzz surrounding our table.
Went there on a Monday night. A beautiful night out so it was busy. People sitting outside. The tables inside are a tight squeeze. This was evidenced when the server spilled an entree down my fiance's back trying to cut through. He apologized and eventually comped our dessert. With all that this place still gets 4 stars. The food was excellent. I had a black linguine shrimp and scallop special. They take credit cards too so that is a big plus.
Always charming here....

I just came back from Italy and was CRAVING real, good Italian food... satisfied me. Slightly reminiscent of Amalfi Coast and Solofra food. (sigghhh...)

I think you could order anything here and be happy.
Not that living 2 blocks from here has anything to do with this ....

I have been there twice this week to take different friends out.  Very reasonable priced Italian food, not to mention in Olde City!  This place sits 50 people so a small family style restaurant.  I had pasta twice and it was great.  They let me substitute different pastas which was awesome.

Tiramisu is legit!

Atmosphere is great.  Neighborhood feel.  Good service.  They don't take reservations so be patient.

BYOB.  

Not to mention I can walk there!!  =)
I frequent Radicchio often and food is consistent. The tables are real close together which I feel is the charm of eating out at a byo; the shared experience. While i've tried nearly everything on the menu I'm still a big fan of the simply penne, chicken and broccoli dish. Also while I love Langostino  "which is neither a true lobster nor a prawn. It is more closely related to porcelain crabs and hermit crabs." wikipedia,
I've never seen them in italy however they are still delicious (pricey).
Aside from the rain, this night couldn't have been more perfect.  Radicchio Cafe is a diamond in the rough.  After calling around on the Saturday night that we were in Philadelphia to see if we could find a table somewhere and not having any luck we went to the one Italian restaurant that didn't require a reservation and ended up getting a table within 5 minutes of walking in the door.  Some things are meant to be.

Sue's sister (who lives in Philadelphia) had been here before and really enjoyed it.  I love that this place was very not pretentious.  Very old school Italian vibe coming from this place.  Something that I don't get out of Italian restaurants in Portland and something that I miss very much from my time growing up and living on the east coast.

Upon sitting our server came over to tell us about the specials of the evening.   There were a bunch.  After that another gentleman came over and opened one of the bottles of wine we brought.  It is BYOB here.

We started out with an order of calamari from the specials and the Beets Salad ($12). 
Red and yellow fresh beets, caramelized walnuts, onions, goat cheese, fresh mints in a house vinaigrette.  Beet salad is fairly easy, but when it works it works really well.  This one worked really well.  The calamari was a bit different too as it wasn't your usual fried variety.  Good start to the meal.

For our main, Sue and I split Pappardelle with seafood that was also on their specials menu.  They were super kind enough to split the dish for us back in the kitchen.  These are the little things that make a meal that much better.  This was stocked with scallops, shrimp and other goodies.  It has been a few days since this meal so I don't remember everything that was in it.

For dessert we had a creme brulee cheesecake which was unbelievable.  Not too sweet.  Not too heavy.  What an ending to this dinner.

I am going to remember this one for a long time.
This place is one of the BEST BYOBs in philly. I have been a few times for dinner and their food is amazing! Everything I have had has been Delicious. I especially like their blush sauce. The branzino is great! Cash only and no reservations. But worth going to! I also recently had my shower here. We had the whole restaurant to ourselves! I highly recommend having a private party here. All of the staff was amazing and accommodating. Nothing was too much trouble! They let us come early and decorate. Also everyone could not stop raving about the food! It was very reasonable for how much we got! Highly recommend.
What a great little gem to have so close to home! A few weeks back when we first moved into our condo, we decided to make a trip over here on a busy Saturday night. We did have to wait about 30 minutes but it was nice out - and the food made the wait worth it. 

We had a number of things - different salads, pastas, and a few apps - and everything is good. So good in fact that I am now obsessed with the pappardelle with ragu when they have it. I was fortunate now to have had this amazing delish dish twice. And I hope to have it again. It's perfect for this fall weather! The salads are decent sized - easily shareable for two people. I love simple salads though and I can easily eat the insalata tre primizie. The gnocchi with meatballs was quite too. Honestly, based on what I have had and what I have seen, I suspect there is a lot more on the menu that I would love. Oh - and they sometimes have tiramisu - and it's wonderful. 

The fact that it's BYOB is another bonus. Service is solid - even though they don't have a ton of people working. My water glass was never empty. 

It can get busy - in fact, we were just there on Monday and it filled up quickly. We got there at 6:15, at about 6:30 it was full. So depending on your party size, you probably want to plan accordingly.
Radicchio is a neighborhood favorite. I've been here two times now and every time I've had such wonderful food and a great experience. This cute BYO is not that big in size, but thats what i love about it. You feel like your home. You feel like you with family. 

Their pink blush sauce is so good here. I have no idea what the secret ingredient is, but i could eat that sauce all day. I've had their chicken langolo (thin chicken cutlet, breaded with arugula and tomato on top). It's a hearty proportion and it's moist and flavorful. Their special appetizer one time i went was a burrata cheese with balsamic vinaigrette. I've had their shrimp pasta dish too. Big sized shrimp you get your monies worth! 

Overall you're here to enjoy your time. The staff are friendly and treat you like family. Best part? You're not rushed by anyone so you can sit and enjoy your wine until the bottle is empty.
The most amazing food I have ever had.  The pasta dishes are just ridiculous.  The food is simple, like the pasta dishes, but they are so much better here than anywhere else.  The fish is delicious and cooked simply, but deliciously.

The owner and staff are friendly, efficient, and do an incredible job with this place.  I am here rather frequently and have tried many of the dishes.  They are all very good and the quality never waivers.

Its a BYOB, a plus in my book, and the wait can get kind of long.  Its well worth the wait, but if it is a cold night make sure you dress warmly as there isn't much "inside" waiting room.  Well worth braving the cold though.

11 stars.
Randomly found this spot off of reviews on Yelp! I came on a Friday night and waited about 45 minutes but the wait was definitely worth it.  I tried their Broccoli with Sausage and Linguine Tre Colori.  The food was amazing! My girlfriend and I raved about "a new amazing place" we had found to all of our friends.  Radicchio is now one of our regulars.
Wow this place was great.  Great atmosphere, service and food.  We ordered the lobster raviolis and dover sole, both specials...and yes, they were very very special.  I was scared of the raviolis because they can totally suck with too much dough and too little filling.  When it was served in front of me I stared for a good 3 minutes at the beauty.  The dish came with scallops and shrimp in a lovely blush sauce.  Babe got the fish...which came out whole on a silver platter..fannncy..then they took it in the back and chopped off the head and tail and brought out slices of perfectly cut fish.  

Our server was helpful and adorable and being a BYOB, it really comes in handy because the dishes fall in the $20 range.  

One of the best  places I have been to in Philadelphia here and I am planning on taking my picky Italian mom and dad for their anniversary.  If they do not like it, we might have to break off communication for a while because I know this place is totally awesome.  mmm.
This place is as good as it gets, food wise! It is a BYOB which is always a great option in the city. We have only been once, but, the food was that great! The service was prompt and efficient. You can tell that a lot of the staff are all authentic Italian. It has an intimate setting, they do a great job with a small space. I would recommend this place to anyone visiting old city. It truly is a hidden gem!
Disclaimer: I'm writing this review based on memory since it's been about a year since I went. 

It's a smaller BYO place so be mindful of how many people you have in your party. We went as a group of 6 and that's about the biggest sized party I saw there that night. This would be a great place for a date or double date. 

I'm pretty sure I got a seafood pasta dish and while the sauce wasn't amazing, the pasta was al dente and the seafood was fresh. The bruchetta was also tasty and refreshing to start as an appetizer. 

As you can see from some of the pictures, the portions aren't that large as I've seen in other Italian restaurants. I'll have to go again to try other dishes and have a better review. On the brighter side, at least I don't remember it for being a bad place!
Just got back from here and I really wanted to dig this place based on the reviews but left a little underwhelmed. First off, they only take cash(what year is it?). Know this before going, because you'll have to hike a couple blocks to an ATM to get cash. 

The inside of Radicchio is actual pretty nice. Wish I went here on a date because the forced romantic tiny tables squeezed together action going on here made it a little uncomfortable for myself and my buddy. Oh well. 

We split the Caesar salad, which was just OK. The dressing was a little too strong, and I felt it was missing some sort of crouton action. The bread we were served was also just OK, didn't taste like it was made in house, and the olive oil that it was served with tasted like it had been out for some time. Not rancid, but definitely not fresh. 

I had the Rigatoni Toto, and while the sauce was pretty good, the rigatoni was a little undercooked and tasted like the cheap shit you buy in the stores. My homeskillet across from me had the Pacheri Al Telefono, and that dish had the homemade rigatoni, so I guess in hindsight I should've ordered that but I don't see why if they are making handmade rigatoni at Raddichio they aren't using it for every dish with rigatoni. But again, the sauce was pretty tasty, enough so to warrant 3 stars. Perhaps with some different options this would have been a 4-5 star experience but tonight, for me, it fell short.
Wow! I went this past saturday night with 8 girls.... We ordered their specials and entrees from the menu. EVERYTHING was amazing. I actually told the server I was undecided, but i knew i wanted some pasta with a red sauce and seafood. They made me a special dish... and it ended up being theeeee absolute best!!!
I'm Italian with (I've been told) very high standards about " Italian Restairants".
True to be told....it difficult to find a place that I would honestly call good.
Well Radicchio is good!
The appetizers (or antipasti)...
The burrata is outstanding, and by burrata I mean the entire burrata, not just a little piece.
The grilled calamari (a special for that night) sorry tender and flavourful.
The main course (primo e secondo piatto)...
I ordered the special with "linguine al nero di seppia" (black ink squid linguine) with scallops and shrimps...delicious!
My friends ordered the "cotoletta" o "Milanese" (veal Milanese) well maybe not as thin as you would get it in Italy but probably the best one I had in the US! And the "Regatoni Toto" (although I would spell them R-I-Gatoni). Extremely good, tasty and light, despite the creamy sauce.
Definitely a hidden gem worth to be discovered!

PS. BYOB!!!!
Love it! BYOB so that'll save you some money. I got the penne pasta with shrimp and scallops, it was delicious and came out very fast. The wait staff is very attentive and friendly. It is on a quiet block and the perfect place to eat outside on a nice night
Radicchio is a cozy little Italian byob off the beaten path in Old City away from the crowds and the noise. I recently ate here for the first time in years.  For some reason I'd forgotten about Radicchio but I'm not sure why! The food is very good and the atmosphere is cute.  They don't take reservations but my party of 4 had no problem getting a table on Friday night. We opted to sit outside and Radicchio is a great place to do so.  It's nice & quiet and unlike many street level outdoor dining spots in Philly, there is no sewage smell wafting over to your table while you eat.

They start you out with some yummy complimentary bruschetta.  I went for the grilled calamari app (simple, fresh & tasty) and the decadent lobster ravioli special. I sampled my friends' apps & pasta and they were all delicious. Unfortunately we were all too full for dessert but I'm sure I'll be back!
What a wonderful byob italian restaurant! I went here on a Tuesday night for dinner with the boyfriend. It was such a lovely surprise. The food is wonderful, fresh and tasty. Nothing felt or tasted frozen or bagged. The service was helpful, informative, and kind, which is always a huge plus for me. The buffalo mozzarella salad was so good and way too filling for an appetizer, always always have room for your entree and dessert! The bf had mussels in red sauce, I am allergic to shellfish, but he said the sauce was heavenly. Again, too filling for an app with the bread  to dip as well. Since we were almost full with the wine, bread and apps, we ordered one entree, a special, filet with gorgonzola. The cheese was stronger than I expected but the filet was cooked very well, temperature was on point. By this time, I had decided to host my brother's upcoming birthday dinner at this place. I inquired and told them what I wanted to do and we may be 15-20 people. They gave me a pre fix menu price, I agreed then they sent over a complimentary dessert (gelato) to finish off our evening. All in all, a delicious and pleasant evening. 
A couple weeks later was my brother's birthday dinner on a Friday evening. It was crowded but they had the table ready, we had settled on 15 but 3 more showed up and they were able to accommodate quickly and smoothly. Bc it was such a large part you can only make the dinner at tail ends of their hours - either 5pm or 9pm. We opted for  the 9pm. Once we settled, they opened up our wines quickly then served the apps - It was family style - prosciutto with mozzarella, fresh and seasoned artichoke with shrimp. seasoned peppers, calamari salad (one of my faves!) an dso much more that just kept coming! Then everyone ordered off the menu for their entree then family style dessert with coffee or cappuccino, all for $45 person, with tax and tip $57. And we had all the wine we wanted to drink bc it's byo! What a great idea! I can't wait to do this for my birthday dinner. I will definitely be a return customer and I will get that calamari salad. 
Some negatives are that parking can be a bit difficult, there are pan handlers nearby and cobblestone streets.
Delicious lunch! We had the amazing swordfish carpaccio, veal Marsala, and Veal and Shrimp. Everything was delicious and fresh! I ordered Tiramisu to go because I was too full which was a mistake. Their wrapping ruined the whole thing by the time I got home. Will not be getting takeout next time.
Delicious! Adorable! Tons of options if you're not wanting a bowl of pasta. Officially my "go to" Italian place.
Best italian food ever! Service is always fantastic, polite and fast. The menu is large and there are many options. We always bring our own wine and beer and they are happy to open these for us. The ambiance inside is calm and peaceful and it is a very nice restaurant. Their bruschetta is AMAZING, and so is their eggplant parmesan. If you are a vegetarian they can make a vegetarian pasta for you. I asked if they could use the whole wheat fettuccine and just through in some vegetables and they threw in a lot of fresh vegetables with the house made tomato sauce. I was very pleased and satisfied. Some of the best pasta I have ever had (definitely the best sauce). My aunt and uncle always order the fish of the day that is shared between two, and they love it. My mother orders seafood, and loves it as well. There is a dish for everyone, no matter what your preference is. Their gelato is fantastic, too. I highly recommend this restaurant, and anything on the menu will blow you away.
This is a nice little neighborhood gem. We live closeby and always default to eating here when we want a nice easy date night with BYOB. Reliable menu and food and nice to be able to eat outside on a sunny day.
Not sure if they had a bad night or if this place is just not good. Sausage and broccoli rabe app was weak. Poor quality Italian sausage and flavorless broccoli rabe. The fresh mozz, tomato, prosciutto came out on pita bread. Octopos and squid was chewy. The lamb entree was overlooked, dry and bland.
This place has a tell-tale line out the door most of time, which says "I'm Delicious!"  It lies not.  

It's a tight byob, but for some reason I'm more comfortable here than Audrey Claire (despite seemingly more room.)  I haven't had a bad meal here yet.  Are you adventurous?  Try the salad with grilled calamari!  The specials are always...uh special!  It's soo hard to choose, though the menu isn't THAT jam-packed as opposed to Cheesecake Factory (not making any comparisons food-wise.)  
My final and regrettable suggestion is to ask for the pasta "Granziola".  it is not on the menu, and the waiters pretend to not know what it is...but it is amazing!  My wife or I unconditionally order it, while the other try's a special.  
Well, I actually regret reviewing this place because that means more of you will go and there will be a longer line.  Go early if you need to hurry.
After having a memory-filled pre-Christmas dinner party here a few weeks ago with a party of 17, I had to stop in and pay homage to my favorite BYOB in Philadelphia.

The service is unbelievable.  Owners are some of the nicest people I know.  The food is top notch and it's fun to listen to their thick Italian accents recite the specials and then ask them to repeat again and again..

Although rarely a creature of habit, I cannot stray from my favorite dish here - Organic Multigrain Penne with Chicken and Broccoli, served in a light oil and garlic sauce and heaped high with shaved dry ricotta.   

They don't take reservations, but in the warmer months, they provide wine glasses to your party upon arrival to crack a bottle open outside as you wait.

Also take note when there of the older gentleman finely dressed and usually posted up in a window seat.  He dines here nearly every night.  It's on my bucket list to join him one of these days and learn his story.

Lovely, lovely place.  6 Stars, molto bene!!
I really really wanted to love this place. Looked amazing from the outside and smelled amazing when we were finally seated.

Honestly though my Fusilli Delizia (shrimp) was kind of bland. To give them credit though the other dish we ordered was spectacular (Fusilli with chicken)

Guess I'll give them another shot and return on another occasion. 

The service was impeccable and the place itself has a nice feel. I've just had better, and definitely had better in Philly.
Tried going early last night but didn't make it till 30 minutes before closing. The food was still delicious. We got the Grilled Calamari Salad which i would highly recommend, Branzino, and Chicken Sorrentina. I will definitely be a regular here
Amazing little BYO tucked away ever-so-slightly that people who have lived in the city all their life don't even know about it.  

Having lived in Radicchio's "hood" for awhile, I frequented the place often, especially for their delicious (complimentary) garlic bruschetta.  Great date place and try to snag a seat outside if you can.  

Totally worth the trek across town for the food, ambiance and of course, the garlic.  Perhaps my fav BYO in the city.
Wow! Everything was better than expected, one of the best ever. To start off our waiter was great, he explained the speciality dishes as if he set you up for  a blind date with his friend. Second, the grilled calamari was on point, cook just right with rustic Italian flavor. Next was the main course "squid ink pasta" in red sauce with scallops and shrimp and the hand picked side of broccoli rabe; to die for
Excellent seafood and pasta. They have a whole wall made of corks which is an amazing way to decorate. Wonderful service and a very unique atmosphere.
In Old City -- kind of hidden & hard to find, but I'm so glad we stumbled upon this place. Ridiculously delicious food, decent prices, great service, and BYOB. I wanted to lick the sauce off of my plate.
Well prepared Italian menu stalwarts with chicken and pasta always satisfying.  Reasonable prices.  Outdoor tables nice in summer.  Service good even on very busy evenings as they have been at this for a while and rarely get deep in the weeds.  Strong neighborhood following.
Note:  This review can be applied to La Jocanda del Ghiottone on Third, Roberto's on South and Pesto on Broad.  This isn't being flip.  Theirs is a bullet proof concept for a knowledgeable operator with menu items that can't be screwed up if you pay attention.  People love it and these guys do it well with no surprises.
Food never fail me here. Loved everything on the menu. Services and staff are always excellence. Their grilled octopus salad is theeee BEST in the city!!! Oh it's BYOB
I've heard so many good things about this place.
I had my birthday dinner there this past weekend. The service was truly terrible. Our server was arrogant and super slow. 
Onto the food. The bread was honestly some of the best Italian bread I've ever had. It would've been more enjoyable if our table had olive oil on it like the other tables did. The artichoke app was mediocre. My branzino was delicious. It was a really small portion but the taste was great. My girlfriend ordered the pasta and crab dish. There was much minimal crab and it was bland.
I won't be going back here.
Always skeptical of eating at Italian restaurants but was in the mood.  Great little place.  Perfect date atmosphere.  We were there with 5 children and received many compliments from other guests.  I gloat because our children know how to behave in public places.  Anyway the food was really good.   Go there for a date.  We were the only ones there with kids.
Went there with our friends last night, locals ( they live across the street ). I was impressed with food, the service, the rustic ambience, just everything. I want to try everything on the menu. I may have been overheard saying: "wow, the marinara is better than the one I make". Nice touch: a little biscotti at the meal's end. Oh, it's BYOB, a real money saver.
This is a surprisingly outstanding Italian restaurant, off the beaten path in Old City. Every dish I have tried has not just been good, but excellent! The sauces are the big star here; make sure to save a couple pieces of bread for dipping. The menu prices may be slightly higher than average, but the portion sizes are large, plus it is a BYOB!
I'm so happy we finally found an Italian restaurant that is good and affordable! They keep things simple yet are very attentive to their dishes.  I had the lobster ravioli.  I was sceptical at first because some Italian places jip you on the lobster and only give you like two raviolis.  Not the case here.  The execution was perfect! Lots of flavor and it was cheap! The service is also very good here.  The place books up quick so get there early.  It is worth it though and you won't break the bank!
The Gorgonzola Salad, lobster Ravioli, Veal chops, truly have eaten here for 14yrs weekly. I love it!!
There has been so much love and hype over this place, I was expecting this place to blow me away.  Maybe it's like when everyone and their mom tells you a movie is awesome and you watch it and it sucks because your expectations unconsciously got very high.  Anyway, we arrived early on a Friday night to make sure we didn't have to wait too long.  We brought a 1.5L of red wine because we were expecting the night to be a nice long one with great food.  We knew it would be very crowded so we weren't surprised by the wait of 30 minutes.  There were lots of other parties waiting as well.  This place is right next to a highway so even though whoever did it did a good job of making a "promenade" next to the highway, you can't ignore the giant highway (altho it is surprisingly quiet).

Outdoor seating was all taken as well but there is this cute little black bench so a waiter brought us 2 wine glasses and we popped open our bottle.  After we were seated inside, we noticed that the waiters walk as if their feet weigh 100 lbs each.  It was so unpleasant as we felt the floor shake--the waiters were running back and forth from the kitchen and we could hardly talk over all the banging of their feet.  

So onto the food.  It's been a little bit since we came here but the bruschetta we ordered was quite bland.  I'm obsessed with bruschetta and this one did not suit my palate.  The Penne toto that everyone seems to love was not so great (have you tried the vodka sauce at Pietro's?  it's totally different and I find it has a lot more flavor)  I was so unimpressed by this place, I don't even remember the other entree we ordered.  Maybe our dishes were off or whatever but I won't be back here again.
Very professional and kind staff. From start to finish the experience was nothing less than wonderful. I recommend the grilled octopus appetizer and the bronzino as the main course. 
This is a very clean with comfortable decor. 
The wait staff were very patient. Never felt rushed. Only very much welcomed. 
I will returh.
Haven't been there in a while but going Friday, woo-hoo!  I love this place.  Maybe its the quality and atmosphere at a good price point.  My husband and I usually split a first course (their anti-pasto is super) and get our own main and dessert -- the total with tip is aroun $70.  Couple that with the fact that they are a BYOB and -jackpot!  I have only been to Italy once but this place totally remonded me of it, the simple fresh flavors and the bustling, loud atmosphere makes for a really fun dinner.
Really cute place. The atmosphere was lively and the waitstaff were professional and aimed to please. The food was excellent.  I know it's the case with a lot of places, but it was annoying that they didn't take reservations. Also, we walked in to put our names down but it wasn't obvious where you could do that or with whom. Overall, a nice place, great food, and I'd return.
My family of 6 visited Radicchio Cafe on vacation in Philly and were only moderately happy.  The service was good, they put two outside tables together for us and our water was very friendly and knew the specials down pat.  For the first course we ordered arugula salad with toasted pine nuts, warm goat cheese and balsamic vinagrette, a bruschetta with mozzerella and proscuitto, and fried calamari, all of which were excellent-- tasty and fresh.  But the entrees were not impressive.  My "chicken soprano" had almost no flavor, my brother's pasta with "arrabiatta" sauce was hardly spicy and my other brother got bad mussels, but one was so bad tasting that he was afraid to eat the rest of them.  For the prices I expected more.  If you go here, order appetizers.
