I ate at Ralph's once. I went during the Philadelphia Marathon in November 0f 2009. I was sold after that one meal. You want good old fashion service and Italian food, you go to Ralph's. They are used to the marathoners coming in the night before the race. They have as much as you can eat! All fresh bread and pasta. We were so stuffed when we left they had to roll us out the door. 
Even if you're not in Philadelphia for marathon weekend go try Ralph's. It's not just good food it's and experience.
OLDEST ITALIAN RESTAURANT IN THE.....U.S.!!! STEVIE spits facts ONLY  - you doubt me???? VERIFY it yourself, I dare you! Every dish = fantastic. Decent service, as expected.  Felt like I was in Grandma Stevie's living room in the downstairs section! Ah, to be young and Italian!! 

Yous know it's all about the vibes!! A++!! Upstairs, downstairs, bathroom, outside, the walls - you name it! STRONG STEVIE SELL RATING!
Located in the Italian neighborhood of Philly, Ralph's is known as the oldest Italian restaurant in Philadelphia and a staple of south Philly. Walking here, i walked past many Italian markets. Its awesome!

The staff here are extremely friendly and helpful. We made a reservation and were seated immediately. The overall aesthetic is breathtaking and really cool. 

The food is also very tasty. I had an order is their mussels to start. For my main dish I had ravioli which were definitely a good choice. They were delicious and pretty sizable!  

The dessert was what really stood out. Their chocolate moon cake was extremely delicious and tasted very fresh. It was a good slice of cake and really made my night! I highly recommend this for dessert as it is the best cake I have had in Philly. 

Overall a great eating experience. The food is fresh, cooked well, and at a good price. The drinks are good and strong. Definitely make this a stop if you visit Philly!
Be careful before you first go to Ralph's.  If you start going, then your kids will start going, then their kids will start going.  Eventually it will become a family legacy.  My family has been coming for only 20 years, which apparently is a short period of time compared to all the other Yelpers.

The food is very traditional Italian.  The prices are not bad at all.  For two people last night the total bill was $53, and that's it.  The service is very attentive, too, and many of the waiters have been there for years.

We had always eaten downstairs for years, but there are two other floors upstairs.  It has such a great, traditional atmosphere.
OLD SCHOOL ITALIAN

I remember finding this place and thinking I need to eat here. After several visits over the years, I couldn't believe I had never written a review of Ralph's. This place is classic old school Italian and it is really delicious. 

One of the things that attracted me to this restaurant was that it is the Oldest Restaurant in America run by the 4th generation of the Dispigno family. That is consistent food service if you ask me. Just knowing that these recipes have been handed down from generation to generation is just amazing.  You can not mess with over 100 years of Italian tradition. 

So how did Ralph's start? In 1893, Francesco and Catherine arrived with their 3 year old son at Ellis Island from Naples, Italy.  In 1900, they took all of there saved money to start a restaurant and live the American Dream. It is amazing to think that Ralph's is still operating today under the same family ownership for the last 113 years. 

I love the fact that many celebrities have made Ralph's there Italian Dinner destination. In fact, my favorite is Theodore Roosevelt. How cool is that? I find it amazing to be in the same room he was in & eating the same food he ate. That is priceless to me. The long list of celebrities goes on and on including Frank Sinatra and Sammy Davis, Jr. Most of you young Yelpers are saying, "Who?"  Go to Wikipedia and search. Ha. 

I don't live in Philadelphia but I've been treated like gold in here. Once I brought a large group in and I looked like a rock star.  Everyone in my group kept saying, "How did you find this place?" They were amazed at how nice the staff treated me. At the end of the day, us Italians have to stick together and the Ralph's staff made me look like a king. I've even sent friends here and I've gotten great compliments back. 

I've had many things on the menu. I really love the Chicken Parmesan. I can never go wrong with an Italian classic like that. It's just old school Italian and it is delicious. Salads are great to start or the soup of the day. I've also had the linguine & mussels too. I'm getting hungry just thinking about it. 

I can hardly wait to come back for some Italian comfort food. I also hope that this place is open for another 100 years. This way future generations can actually see what Italian food was like in the past. As we keep fusing ethnic foods together we keep losing the original dishes for future generations. And that is sad to me. 

An interesting story I heard. During prohibition they would serve there loyal patrons wine in coffee mugs. I love stories like that. In fact, it is amazing how many businesses were forced to find ways to do illegal things for there guests during prohibition. I'm just glad that stupid law got repealed. 

So if you come to Philly you must try two things...a Philly cheesesteak and an old school Italian meal at Ralph's. I guarantee your Philly dinning experience will be complete.
Ralph's has been around forever, a go to spot for traditional Italian cuisine in a period themed restaurant that is very pleasing to the eye. It sends your mind to an era of Frank Sinatra and The Godfather. 
The waiter, (not server) was neatly dressed but it looked like you could strike a match on his face. I got down to business and studied the menu.
I ordered a salad first and keeping with the "Old Skool " theme, I chose the plum tomatoes with olives,  gorgonzola cheese, red onions with a balsamic vinaigrette.  I asked the server to add some anchovies to the salad to kick it up a notch. 
I ordered a small plate of gnocchi with roasted red peppers in a pesto sauce 
For dinner I chose the broiled sausage with broccoli rabe and long hot peppers sauteed in garlic and olive oil. 
I washed it down with a glass of Ruffino Chianti and I thought what about desert? What else, tiramisu!  I also had a cup of Expresso to complete the meal. The entire meal was adequate and filling, but now I had to deal with the coat check girl named Dominic to get outta here.
Cash Only

Calamari in red sauce: 4 stars
Calamari was soft & buttery. Sauce was delicious & flavorful, this went well with the complementary bread.

Italian kiss: coffee drink: 4 stars
Strong on the amaretto with strong espresso which was a yummy compliment to it. 

Eggplant parmigiana: 5 stars
Sauce was very fresh & the mozerella just melted in my mouth & the basil just pulled all the flavors together. 

Veal parmigiana: 5 stars
Perfectly Crunchy on the edges & soft on the inside of the veal. 

Ambiance & atmosphere: A+
Old Italian restaurant vibe but very clean & cozy.

Tiramitsu: 5 stars
This is how real Italian tiramitsu is supposed to taste like, not the Americanized version. This just melts in your mouth & you can enjoy the after taste of rum in your mouth. 

Service was fast & efficient: A+

Now I understand why so many celebrities had visited this place, you won't be disappointed with whatever you order here.  

Overall, all around 5 stars experience for the oldest authentic Italian restaurant in America. 

I wish other Italian restaurants would prepare more authentic italian dishes the real way its supposed to taste.
Stupendous food! 

We had a meatball (2) appetizer that was just good - my all-Italian mother's are better, but the gravy was very good! 

My blush gnocchi was exceptional - big, fluffy, and just perfect tasting! 

Joey's chicken parm was super delicious (not thick though). 

His side ziti, good too - even without the gravy, like the one I tried. 

Too stuffed for dessert!
I respect the fact that Ralphs has been around for ages, but the food is not so good.  At best, it's okay and that's about it.  

Veal was all right.
Pasta was bland.
The (complimentary) bread was pretty good, fresh and crusty.
Located in an old Italian neighborhood in South Philly but the surroundings and history are about the best thing this restaurant has going for it.  I went in with expectations of a great Italian meal, but nothing (the food, the service, or the décor) was special. :(  

Seating is bad; they pack you in like sardines so much that two people cannot walk down the aisle between tables at the same time.  

I was truly disappointed in the food.  None of it was bad, but it was NOT SPECIAL, especially for the price. The fast food chain Fazoli's produces the same quality that I ate.  I'm not saying that to be dramatic; it is a very unfortunate and sad truth.  :( The chain Maggiano's food blows it out of the water (which is also sad since Ralph's is supposed to be a classic Italian establishment).  

I had the antipasto salad, the calamari, and the veal parmesan with a side of spaghetti with marinara.  Antipasto was fine with a very simple red wine and olive oil dressing (pretty hard to mess that up, although there were only 2 pieces of prosciutto on the plate).  Calamari had no flavor to it and was drowned in marinara.  Veal Parm was fried crispy but it had a ratio of 3:1 breading to meat (I'm guessing the chicken parm had more meat?).  Finally, the marinara was a super bright red color and I suspect it came from a can without even being doctored up (I didn't even see any flakes of oregano or taste garlic).  

On top of all that, the service was a "C" at best.  We had a table of 12 and sat upstairs for a birthday dinner.  The waiter did not check on us often, and I ran out of water twice.  We brought in a cake for the birthday girl and he presented it with candles.  However, after she blew out the candles, the cake sat on the table awkwardly for 5 minutes while the waiter was bussing empty tables in an attempt to finish all his side work instead of concerning himself with service.  When he finally came back over, he said "do you want to cut it yourself or would you like me to do it?"  It was obvious we had no knives, forks, or plates left on the table so I thought it was pretty insulting that he just left the cake there for so long and thought we were going to cut it.  He knew we needed assistance, he just didn't want be there anymore that night.  

I hate writing bad reviews, but I just want the community to be aware of what they are getting into.  Ralph's food and service really broke my heart :(
The designation of the oldest Italian restaurant in America usually comes down to a choice of three establishments - Fior d'Italia in San Francisco (a restaurant that has closed, changed ownership, and moved a few times), Dante & Luigi's in Philly, and Ralph's in Philly.  Ralph's has a good claim in that it has never closed since its founding, has been in the same family, and has moved only once - before the First World War.  In my opinion Ralph's is the oldest Italian restaurant in the United States and as such deserves some respect for its longevity and its traditions.  It is located in the Italian Market section of South Philly and probably doesn't look that different from when it opened.  And many of the menu items are the same too. And don't think it is small - there are three floors of dining!
 
One of my favorite foods at Ralph's is a Philly concoction called Giambotte.  Giambotte is a spinoff from a fritatta with everything but the kitchen sink mixed into it. There's chicken, sausage, three different cheeses, roasted peppers, onions .... you get the idea!  Your generous basket of bread comes fresh from Sarcone's Bakery next door.  Every table has olive oil, hot pepper, & parmesan cheese.  This is all def delicious.  Ralph's gets five stars from me.  I enjoy eating a taste of history!
Newer is always better, but not in this case.  

Not much has changed in over a 100 years of service at Ralph's, and that suits me just fine. Sure, it's got the prestige, the history, the classic neighborhood feel, all of which really complement the food & huge wine cellar very well.

Besides the suggesting the pastas, some notable orders I would recommend:

Meatballs - delicious traditional seasoning
Eggplant Parmesan
Calamari in red sauce
Mussels in white sauce

Five stars for italian fare, you ask?  Why yes, because the food is that good.  There's few italian spots that I really recommend, but Ralph's does it well and should be a must try for anyone willing to shell out a couple bucks more than you'd pay at a chain restaurant.
Ralph's is the oldest operating Italian restaurant in the country, so they're definitely doing some things right.  Reservations were limited an we arrived to a packed house at 9pm.  There are 3 floors of dining so you may end up climbing 2 flights of stairs.  We only had to climb one set.

First, it's small and cramped.  The tables are small and you feel like you're in a china shop and if you move the wrong way, you're going to knock over your glass or drag your sleeve through some sauce.  If you're good with that, then great.  It wasn't relaxing though.

We started off by ordering a glass of wine.  I had a cab and my wife had a pinot noir.  The glasses are cute tiny wine glasses that were almost filled to the rim.  A bigger glass would have been nice, not because it would have more wine, but because there probably wouldn't have been wine on the outside of the glass and around the base leaving little wine rings when you set it down.  That's a waste of wine!

Being on the 2nd floor, everything is being brought up the small staircase.  And the waiters are hustling and running and doing a great job.  They are definitely in shape.  They were pretty on top of things, but it was so busy that our water glasses sat empty for quite a while.  Definitely not top notch service, but not horrible either.

We ordered the Antipasto which had a nice assortment of meats and cheeses and veggies.  It wasn't swimming in dressing and it could have used a little more.  It was my first antipasto with tuna (not ahi, more like the "canned" kind) and it wasn't bad.  I wish there was more meat though.  If you're sharing, you each get one piece of salami, prosciutto, and mortadella (all excellent).  And it did have anchovies, so either rejoice or ask for it without!

The main courses came out and the the lasagna was excellent.  It had many layers of pasta, ricotta, meat sauce, and a nice helping of their red gravy.  I also ordered a side of meatballs and they were pretty good.  Not too dense and not too light.  Someone back there knows how to roll a meatball.

The veal piccata was flavorful and tasty, however, the meat itself was a bit tough.  You really had to chew it and it really needed the sauce for the moisture.  It was disappointing.  There were 3 pieces and they were pretty tiny.  The side of pasta was ok, but a little bland.  We ended up mixing it with the lemon sauce and think we invented a new dish!  It was much better.  Lemon and red sauce!  Who knew?

Ralph's was a mixed bag for us.  It's definitely classic Italian.  The lasagna portion was quite large, the veal not so much.  It's probably something you should experience if you have the time and want to see what the fuss is about.  We wouldn't go back again though.  It was good, but not knock your socks off amazing.
First, a few details. Ralph's is NOT an Italian restaurant. It's an Italian-American restaurant.  With that said, their food is just regular Italian-American fare, nothing special to write about. Not worthy of being a destination spot, not worthy for foodies, and certainly not worthy to be haunted by celebrities. Any decent diner in the tri-state area can put out the kind of food Ralph's does, right down to the cheap plastic butter packets they give you with the bread. The bottom line: Ralph's is a tourist trap baiting customers with tales of their former glory days, only to serve up very run of the mill food devoid of any Italian authenticity. Go there with this knowledge and it will be "fine".
There are enough reviews here that talk about various aspects of the restaurant, so I won't repeat. I'll just offer some points about the food:

Their calamari are not fried, but instead served in a red sauce. Haven't had them like this before, and probably won't again. The calamari tasted extremely fishy as I've never known calamari to taste before.

The veal parmigiana was a hearty portion, however the veal marsala was very small and the same price.

The bread that was put on our table was fresh (from the bakery next door), but it was served cold. Not even warm from sitting on top of the oven or something. Poor choice.  The butter was in little individual containers as opposed to a little dish with fresh SOFT butter.

The side of "greens" is this mix of spinach, onions, garlic, and other stuff. It was OK tasting, but it was cold when it came out to our table.

The bruscetta was served on toasted bread and the topping was pretty good. Can't complain there.

The desserts, were, well, very good. They make everything there. It was just really good.

The service was good, but a lot of food arrived at our table (party of seven) cold. It was a little bit disheartening considering that they handle large tables of people all the time.

I wouldn't go back and will try other Italian places. Fellini's on the main line is still one of my favorite places to go. No doubt.
Just look at the picture......
I rest my case

I just think it's sad, when you think of an old fashioned italian restaurant.....

This does not embodies a true italian cuisine at all.... 
Not by a long mile.....

Horrible
Alright, it's cool that this is the oldest Italian restaurant in America.  However, I would not come back here.  I was there for lunch about an hour ago.  Please be warned it's cash only, first off (Why would you make people pay for pricey meals with cash? Shady).  

Second, I felt like certain guests were getting preferential treatment, which irked me.  Clearly we were NOT regulars, therefore, did not require good service.  Our waiter was giving the table behind us a very personal and professional experience.  My boyfriend and I seemed like an inconvenience to him somehow.  It was off-putting and I felt bad for like...existing in that space? Hard to describe.  I find this funny, because the placemat they lay at your table describes how Ralph's is known for their "excellent" service.  Clearly, I disagree.  

Third, the food was mediocre Italian.  The menu is predictable.  The taste was average, at best. It was exactly what we expected, given the subdued, dark, 1980's floral wallpaper, paper on the tables vibe they have going on in there.  Would not recommend, given how many lovely options for Italian you have in our city that blow this out of the water.
One of those classic South Philly institutions that I'm surprised that I hadn't reviewed a few years sooner! But it took enjoying New Year's Day dinner with good friends to realize this as I reveled in delicious pasta!

Ralph's is thee timeless Philly Italian restaurant that has been around for over a century in one form or another. And while there may be a few Philly Italian restaurants that may have hit higher marks in one way or another, Ralph's is that classic spot that influenced them in that direction, while managing to still have some new tricks up its sleeves.

Both floors of Ralph's are great for enjoying old world eats. But the 2nd floor dining room has the added benefit of dining among some fantastic murals of iconic Italian landmarks. For drinks they have a solid wine list, and it doesn't get much better than an ice cold Moretti or Peroni for beer. But they also have an impressive cocktail list that's worth a look over.

For food pasta is very much on the menu! And it's bound to be a good decision whether you order it as spaghetti, ravioli, manicotti, penne, cavatelli, or other! But they also have plenty of old world classics like saltimbocca, braciole, linguini pescatore, chicken cacciatore; and their famous and HUGE veal parm! But for me I also like the selections from the portion of their menu that adds new twists to old recipes. The fettuccine alfredo with shrimp, pancetta, and peas I ordered was as phenomenal as it looked! But no matter what you get it's sure to be a solid Italian meal!
I got a response from this restaurant today . I am not sure whether it's the Manager , owner or server but its obviously someone who has access to the business account. His name is Dave L. He basically was messaging me about my review on this restaurant at least 5-6 times today accusing me of bagging my food and taking the food that I paid for in full , home. Are you kidding me??He then went on to accuse me of leaving only a $10 tip for a $113 tab saying I was "petty "and "trashy". The food was pathetic and when I expressed my frank opinion he went on a rant about how trashy I was and that we are cheap and shouldn't be patronizing this place. He kept stating that  I was a "hypocrite" and ate all the food that I right fully paid for and then wrote this review. He then went on to say that I was a horrible woman and glad that I didn't live in the area.

This restaurant shouldn't even be in business with people like this running it.  They call their customers names and accuse them when we post an honest review on them . DON'T GO THIS PLACE!!
I've lived away from South Philly for about 15 years and was home for a visit. I was staying about a block away and my extended family drove in from SJ to meet for dinner, so Ralph's was a great option.

They arrived and valet parking ($10.00) is absolutely the best way to go.
The guy was fast and friendly and street parking can be a pain.

I had made a reservation on Open Table and they had a table ready when we arrived.

Our server came by to get drinks, the busboy​ brought a basket of bread. The bread is what south Philly is known for, crunchy outside, slightly chewy but light and fluffy inside. 

The server seemed a little annoyed when my brother-in-law asked for a glass for his beer and we only had one appetizer,​ but it's also part of the south Philly charm.

The place is old school, iconic and the oldest Italian restaurant​ in the county. It's an old three-story​ "Trinity" {livingroom, dining room​, kitchen, straight shot, front to back}. It's got great old tiles, historic pictures and you sit right on top of the next table.

Not much has changed in the last century, which is why it is so amazing.

My brother-in-law ordered a Meatball and Ricotta Cheese appetizer. it was two good-sized, hand-rolled​, perfectly​ seasoned meatball in homemade​ gravy with a dollop of whipped ricotta. {do not share this, get your own and use a lot of bread to wipe up the gravy}.

I had narrowed my choices to about six things, {you just don't great Italian food in Florida}. 

Two people at the table ordered Chicken Parmesan, Veal Parmesan​ and split them and shared. The veal was pounded thin, lightly breaded, tender and covered the large oval plate. The chicken was two thicker piece cutlets, both were perfectly covered with cheese and gravy.

The other dishes, Veal Rollatine , ​and a penne dish got rave​ reviews.

I decided on the Lasagna, I was served a nice size portion, perfectly layered and firm where the ricotta cheese and gravy stole the show and the noodles and ground meat were there to hold it up. It was pretty delicious.

It's not fancy, it's home, it's​ not sauce, its GRAVY, it's homemade, its history, it's South Philly.
My husband's veal parmigiana was the hit of the night. It's a huge, easily splitable, thinly-pounded paillard, topped with tomato sauce and cheesy bubblin from the oven. That was the winner. The coating remained crispy under the sauce and the veal itself was perfectly tender. I liked my eggplant parm just fine, but it's not the best on the block, I opine. Sorry, rhyming again. We also ordered a side of meatballs and liked them too, but I'm gonna refer back to my previous statement: good but not the best on 9th street either. 

The entrees come with your choice of spaghetti or a vegetable side. We chose the pasta, of course. I wouldn't have taken such issue with the fact that it was a bit overcooked, a touch past the point al dente, but it's just that it was watery too. Arghh, not drained all the way. The tomato sauce and spaghetti suffered this way. Ah well. Maybe if I returned again, I'd go with the sauteed escarole instead. We ordered that too, and that was some good, garlicky, green goodness. 

See? I'd go back. I'd return if someone I know really wanted to go. I just wouldn't order the clams casino to start. Something about an old skooly Italian restaurant vibe triggers in us the urge to order such appetizers of the past. Mush. Ehhh...so I'd try a different starter. Another note, if you have the stomach space available, ending on the tiramisu would be a good choice. Though not a totally traditional style tiramisu (more like a cake), still tasty tasty. 

Service was excellent. Sodas are not free-refills. Hey, that IS old-timey.

So that's the concise food ramblins right up front for yez. More information that you didn't ask for? Ok, here you go:

After living in the neighborhood all these years we finally went to Ralph's. I only mention this proximity factoid cause after walking by this historic Italian restaurant roughly a thousand times, I never would have guessed that the place has three levels of dining inside. I completely thought that the intimate tile walled dining room decorated with many black and white family photos, reflecting Ralph's over-a-century long tradition, was the little Italian restaurant in its entirety. Wrong again, ole gal.

We were seated on the first floor, right in the door, and and kept seeing this steady stream of waddlingly full diners emerging from the back somewhere, carrying bags of leftovers. Where are all these people comin from? That clue and overhearing a waiter tell another patron about the other two floors of dining explained things. Ah ha.

Then why were we seated right on top of this other couple? Rubbin' elbows, like. I really think that we threw them off. Our presence either stopped their conversation immediately, or they were just the type to eat dinner in stony silence. Ah, I kinda felt sorry about it, ya know? They're all mid ravioli, they have the entire right half of the dining room to themselves...and then us. I wonder if it felt like  for them that odd moment where you're sitting on the subway in a virtually empty car with ample open seats a-plenty and some weirdo plops down right next to you. Why oh whyyyy...

 Of course I could've requested that we be moved, but then I didn't know if maybe a busload of people had reservations or whatever. Also I didn't want to make the ravioli couple feel like we were repulsed by them or something. Anyway, any of my own awkward feelings subsided soon as our menus were presented to us and I immediately lose focus on everything else except what we're going to be ordering. 

Ralph's Restaurant is the oldest Italian restaurant (still owned by the same family) in the country. I read on the paper placemat of Ralph's history that President Theodore Roosevelt even may have stopped in for a meal one time. Ravioli couple was then treated to hearing my musings as to what ole rough-ridin' trust-bustin' Teddy might have ordered from Ralph's in his day. I didn't notice any game meats on the menu, but if he opted for the veal parmigiana, I'm betting that he'd be happy.
The service was fine, nothing to write home about but no glaring issues either.

The food, however...well let's start from the beginning. This is touted as a nice Italian restaurant, and the oldest Italian restaurant in Philly, no less!  It boasts decades of history as well as numerous celebrity patrons. So with all of this considered, I expected better than clearly store-bought, cold, mediocre bread that wasn't even cut all the way (and no proper knives were given with the bread to actually cut through it, leaving you to attempt to tear pieces off) with tiny plastic packets of crappy whipped butter that you'd get at a diner. 

We had four in our party, and ordered: Sautéed Long Hot Peppers as an appetizer, Manicotti, Spaghetti marinara with mushrooms, Sausage with Peppers, and a specialty dish of Rigatoni with eggplant, artichokes, onions, shrimp and a white wine marinara.

The appetizer was okay, the peppers were bland and tasted like they needed salt and pepper. The Manicotti was good, no complaints here. The marinara sauce with the spaghetti was watery and dull, and the mushrooms had a bad (canned) texture and taste to them. The sausage with peppers was okay, not great but nothing glaringly wrong. The biggest issue was the last dish, my dish. The eggplant was extremely mushy, while still having the very hard to eat and tough skin on it. The artichokes tasted like they were pickled or otherwise poorly flavored and had a mushy texture, tasted like canned artichokes. The onions were fine. The sauce was watery and bland, not enough seasoning here. The biggest offender was the shrimp. Very large jumbo shrimp that were VERY overcooked to the point of being rubbery and clearly not seasoned at all, making them like large pieces of bland rubber in my otherwise mediocre dish. Did I mention the dish was $26? 

Overall, an over priced, unsatisfying experience. I will not be back and will recommend friends against going here if they find themselves in the Philly area.
6 at our table. Had never been here in all my years in Phiily. Was not too impressed.

Actually, it wasn't a bad meal, but when you serve us two side orders of cold meatballs and broccoli rabe that was way over cooked - 2 basic things a good italian restaurant should serve properly, well it's hard to give a 3 star "A-OK".

Our entrees were decent, not wow, but good. The bread was good, but not great. Service was pleasant, and efficient. We were seated upstairs and liked the ambience of the place. I liked the everything salad - basic, old school, but big, fresh and good.
One more Italian review for the day...

Ralph's was selected from a list of best rated Italian restaurants in Philly.  It is a cute traditional Italian restaurant that feels like you are eating in someone's home.  The place was supposed to be excellent but was overall mediocre. 

The eggplant parmesan was delicious but the wait staff seemed very indifferent and at times slow. We sat upstairs and it was crowded so it got a little noisy. They should invest in a good clean up and some new paint.
Ralphs is America's oldest family-owned Italian restaurant, dating back to 1900. It has been at its current location since 1915. As such an old restaurant it's no shock that the décor is nothing to write home about. It has surely been remodeled over the years, but the décor is very basic and seems to be more suited for dinner with the family as opposed to a date night. I started off with the mussels, which were the largest I've ever eaten and very tasty. For an entrée I had the veal parmesan with spaghetti, which was excellent.  I also tasted my girlfriend's chicken florentine, which was very good as well. The entrees are large portions. Unless you share, you will have enough leftover for dinner the next day. We ended the meal sharing a sweet tiramisu for dessert.

Ralphs is a good choice for "Old School" Italian food done right!
Meh.... I got seated promtly, looked at the menu ordered Pellegrino and decided on veal, w a side of pasta. So i give my order to Brandon who kind of had a little attitude right from the start. I ordered a veal cutlet dish w broccoli rabe, long hots (although I got one) and roasted peppers topped w cheese. I then asked Brandon if they had any "thin long pasta?" He looked at me funny, and I explained capellini, or angle hair. He said no, so I said fine, spaghetti is fine

He then goes on to explain about penne and rigatoni like I haven't been eating pasta since I was in diapers!! And I said spaghetti was fine!!Anyway the little chip on his shoulder continued.

I also asked if it came w a side salad, as I saw some of the dinners did. And I was thinking for 27 dollars that's not out of the question. But Brandon said no, everything is al carte...ok
Veal and pasta came out, set on the table and I was never asked, " do you need anything else?".
I asked the server at the next table what my waiters name was, he told me, and asked, is everything ok? I said yes, I'm glad someone asked...
I turned the pasta w my fork and the tablespoon of sauce on top disappeared ( see before and after pic). Then there's the veal. It looked great as you'll see from the pic. And the broccoli rob, long hot (singular) and roasted peppers were tasty, and the veal wasn't horrible.. but I'll tell you what happen. Busy places like this pre bread and pre fru their cutlets. Sometimes they even freeze them half fryed. Then when they get an order they toss it in the fryer for another round. You can usually tell as the breading is tough and rubbery as was the case here. As well as over brown. It makes the cutlet just so-so or less...

You could always ask ahead of time, but your cutlet may get stomped on prior to cooking if you do.... LOL

In conclusion, Ralphs is an over priced run of the mill famous Italian place with plenty of tourist to keep them afloat. That's why they don't respond to any posts, they don't care or have to. By the way a bottle of Pellegrino was 8 dollars, and a 2oz espresso way 7, so it's not cheap, and all with the attitude.....One n done for me. See pics
Worst service ever. We didn't feel welcome at all here. They have two floors and the main dining is on the first floor and I guess they have a second floor for when the restaurant gets packed. My parents and I were asked to sit upstairs but nobody was sitting there even though there was a line outside. We were confused and the host just said to us, "Oh you wanna sit down here with us?" Excuse me? That was extremely offensive because it felt like we were being treated differently because of our nationality. Servers and host were definitely friendlier with other tables and it took a while for them to take our order, bring our bill, etc. Food was decent but service absolutely ruined the dining experience. I will never come back.
I don't even know where to begin, other than worst dining experience in my life. First off the host was just flat out rude, when I tried asking for a different table, like I had 2 heads. I knew instantly that times have changed at Ralph's. No longer a family establishment, just another run of the mill tourist attraction. 

So ordered the antipasta, veal medallions with prosciutto, gnocchi and rabe's, simple enough ... right?  

Well antipasta came first, not chopped not even an attempt to be presentable. Then while we were still nibbling on our antipasta, the main dishes came out. At first they just stood over us waiting for us to finish, as the 3 plates needed for antipasta took up the entire little table. So instead of being able to finish our antipasta as we had hoped, they grabbed our half eaten dishes while we were literally still eating out of them. 

Ok this is where it gets fun. They put down 3 dishes, waiter said "here is the veal, your rabes and your gnocchi." I looked up at the waiter and said "these are not gnocchi, these are cavatelli". He said "yes our chef ran out of gnocchi". I said "why did you just tell me these are gnocchi". Of course he went deaf ears. I had to tell  him 3 times to take them away. 

But here's the best part, few minutes later the people next to me ordered gnocchi too. I didn't say anything to them to see what he brought, but sure as shit they were cavatelli too. LIARS!!! Broccolli rabes were over cooked mush that was floating in an entire bowl of oil. And then for the veal, well it looked good but the meat smelled foul and not in the least bit tender. 

The whole experience was just flat out terrible. Understaffed waiter and waitress running around like crazy, thus to make more tips, not paying even the least bit of attention to their customers.

Bottom line, Ralph's has gone down hill so far that I wouldn't even spit on their sidewalk let alone eat in there ever again. Too bad the mob is not longer in Philly, they would slap the shit out of that staff for sure. Nobody to keep things in line anymore in S. Philly.
Y'all this place is SO South Philly I love it!

I had some friends visiting from out of town and was so excited to bring them to the oldest Italian restaurant in the US. I had no idea what to expect but it was great.

The first thing I want to mention is the full stock bar they have. I'm used to places only serving wine, especially Italian restaurants, but here they offered so much more. Plenty of mixed drinks to choose from.

They also have incredible bread that is freshly made (and complimentary!) that we definitely ate our fair share of. The waiters and busboys all are super helpful as well; they made sure our water was always full and the bread was always flowing.

We ordered a couple of appetizers that were incredible. The calamari wasn't fried which was interesting but I was pleasantly surprised with the taste. The mozzarella was delicious, but that one I expected. 

As far as the actual entrees, oh the places you'll go with the choices! There are so many to choose from, and you can also basically build your own (choosing the noodles, the sauce, and the ingredients that come in it). One of my friends is a vegan and was able to get pasta with just regular sauce and she loved all of it. I got anchovies because I wanted to try something new/different and it was a good decision!

We also got dessert because when in Rome...
And were stuffed to the brim but wow was it all delicious. It's a decent size with an upper room which was where we sat, and that seemed to be the party place. Definitely come check this place out!
Unbelievably horrible experience! I can't believe this place hasn't killed someone... seriously. 

I was very hungry after getting home from working all day, then driving home from MD. I found Ralph's onGrubHub and ordered a greens and pastina soup, an order of garlic bread, and lasagna. 

Delivery was quick, but the meat and cheese in the lasagna was RANCID! I can't believe they sent something this bad out of the kitchen. I have never seen anything like this before, and I worked in the food service industry for 15 years. Unfortunately, since I hadn't eaten much all day, I was so hungry it  took me a minute to figure out something was wrong (at first I assumed there was just something I didn't recognize in their recipe). It wasn't the recipe though, it was spoiled meat... I had to throw it out. 

The "greens and pastina soup" was bland and actually had a few small bits of chicken in it. Luckily, my girlfriend (who ordered the soup) isn't a vegetarian, but nonetheless, if there's chicken in your "greens and pastina"soup, you should probably let people know. 

The high point of the meal was the order of garlic bread. Four small slices of burnt Italian bread soaked in oil and topped with blackened (aka burnt) garlic. 

Needless to say, this was the one and only time I will ever order from this disgrace of a restaurant. I just find it unbelievable that in this city, with the literally hundreds of good, authentic Italian restaurants, that this place has managed to survive. Take my advice, go elsewhere!
i'm with lisa k, this place stinks. i've lived a block away my entire life and every few years go to see if it's gotten better and no, it hasn't. don't waste a meal here, unless you're like the average american and have no taste buds. if you must go, they have one decent dish, the sausage and peppers. under no circumstances order anything from the sea. they murder seafood. go to dante and luigi's, one block west, if you want good italian - american food.
Worst place ever. Very rude. They make you feel like you are privileged to be eating at their restaurant. You might think that they were extremely busy.  The best thing was having the guy come out of the kitchen area wearing sweatpants and a tee shirt with a Phillies hat saying as he has his hands in the air "BEST FOOD IN THE CITY" lol.... 

I would rather go somewhere where the employees care about what they look like when they leave their house in the morning. The funniest thing is, it cost nothing to be clean and polite. Someone should keep that guy in the back. The other thing is you can hear them saying the F-Word several times.  This is not a place to take your family.  This place gives "Philly" a bad name. 

I will not be back nor will I ever recommend this place to anyone. The staff thinks it is funny when their service is not up to par. They make fun of their guest that are paying their wages.  This is not a place I want to spend my hard working money at. There are many other places to go.
Seeing that the restaurant was the "oldest Italian restaurant in America", you come in with the expectation that with all those years passing by, they must have learned a thing or two to withstand the test of time. But nope.

First off, the stale and cold bread was served with small packaged butter. Not much more to say than that.

Next, waiter came by, stared at the empty basket of bread, and decided not to ever take it away, even when our entree was being served. Instead, I had to make room myself after and move the basket to the floor.

Now the entrees were extremely disappointing. Olive Garden seems like a deluxe dining option in comparison. Bland, soupy tomato sauce. Undercooked noodles. This place really needs to get it together or soon it will be a newly closed Italian restaurant.
Judge the authenticity of an Italian restaurant not by its checkered table cloths, but by the taste of its meatballs and gravy.........that is, if they have a taste.
A recent article in USA Today highlighted the top Italian restaurants in the country, and since Italian is one of my favorite cuisines I read the information with great interest. As you might expect, most of the selections were from New York City but they did select one Italian restaurant in Philly. I was planning a business trip to the area, and so I asked my business partner (who's born & bred in South Philly) for his thoughts. He said that yes, **** is quite good, however you'll pay an awful lot of money for your meal. Instead he suggested that I might like Ralph's instead.

I knew to trust Frank with restaurant recommendations in his old neighborhood since he's the same guy who introduced me to Dante & Luigi's and Tony Luke's earlier this year.

The drive from the airport to Ralph's was a lot of fun since we went past the Philly sports stadiums, the Xfinity! Live world's-largest sports bar, and then down through "Cheesesteak Row" and the Italian Market area before ending up at the restaurant.

Ralph's is a brick-front building located along 9th Street, just north of Christian Street in the Bella Vista / Italian Market section of South Philly. According to the back of the menu, Ralph's was founded in 1900 by Francesco Dispigno and his son Ralph, and the eatery has been passed down to generation after generation along with all of their old school family recipes. They go on to say that a family-owned Italian restaurant in San Francisco was founded in 1896, making Ralph's the second-oldest Italian restaurant in the US. However the SF restaurant has since closed, and Ralph's is now officially the oldest Italian restaurant in the US.

The restaurant wasn't very crowded, and our waiter took the time to describe all of the specials in mouth-watering detail, and then helped us select a bottle of Sangiovese to accompany the meal. He also brought us a loaf of fresh Italian bread from the bakery right next door, and left us to ponder all of the amazing selections.

I had a classic appetizer of roasted red peppers and fresh Mozzarella slices in very good olive oil and drizzled with a balsamic reduction. For my main course I had one of the specialties of the house which was veal medallions simmered in a white wine sauce and covered with fresh lump crabmeat and sautéed mushrooms. I got that with a side of their famous broccoli rabe which was sautéed in garlic and olive oil.

The meal was delicious, and it was nice to be able to relax and enjoy all of the famous history of Ralph's along with a terrific meal.
Ralph's talks a big game, what with its "Oldest family owned Italian Restaurant in the Country" claim, which it very well may be. But it definitely doesn't make any claims about being the best, and it shouldn't. I found they have exactly the same food as Villa di Roma (which I don't think is very good, check my review for details), but the decor and ambiance are a lot nicer. The biggest transgression they committed against me was their Caprese Salad, which is Mozzarella and Tomato with basil and olive oil for those who don't know.

I ate at Ralph's in August, the height of tomato season in this part of the country. The time of year when tomatoes become so delicious and juicy that you can bite into one and eat it like an apple. Everyone I know in South Philly and my dad in the burbs has beefsteaks and heirlooms growing in their backyard and there's just too many awesome tomatoes to go around when August hits. 

Around a week earlier I had a Jersey Tomato salad at The Standard Tap, a pub in Northern Liberties, and it was one of the best things I had ever tasted in my life. I think that thought is what made me want another. I figured, it's tomato season and I'm in the Italian Market area, this has got to be banging. But alas when my Caprese came i was saddened by pink Plum tomatoes, under-ripe and semi-frozen. I guess Ralph's buys their tomatoes in March when they are off-season and then freezes them so you can have the same shitty Caprese year-round.

In my opinion no restaurant worth its salt would ever serve anything that was under-ripe or bad in any way. For Ralph's to pull off a shitty Caprese in August, in Philly, when there's more than one fresh mozzarella source down the street, and a dude outside selling perfect tomatoes for $1/lb, they really just must try to suck. Never again, Ralph's. By the way, I had the Ravioli, which is what i order when i think an Italian Restaurant might suck, cause they're hard to screw up, and they were decent. I love P&S Ravioli. House-made my ass!
So i wanted to love this place.  The history is amazing... and all of my friends rave about it, so when i saw a livingsocial voucher come on-sale, i took one look at the menu, and bought it!  

I made a reservation, per the advice of the voucher, and my boyfriend and i walked over.  7p on a Monday night, and we got seated in THE WORST seat in the house, and they didn't even know i had the voucher yet.  We were at the top of the steps on the 2nd floor.  Neither my boyfriend nor myself are particularly small people, and we were situated such that he got bumped EVERY TIME someone walked by.  We were going to ask to move, but we thought maybe they'd get busy and need the space, so we cooled our jets.  Spoiler alert- the place never filled up and we could have occupied about 10 other 4-tops and been exponentially more comfortable!

It took quite some time for a waiter to come by, but when he did, he took our voucher, and never even asked us if we wanted drinks.  He just sent his water-minion over to fill us up.  Watching the way he talked to this poor kid made me really sad.  We finally did get a 1/2 caraffe of chianti, and it was really really sweet for a chianti, and it was straight up hot.  I know red is room temp usually... but we had to cool this down to room temperature with ice.  I thought some time and it'd open up... but it was pretty icky.

The living social voucher only entitled us to a pre-select menu.  First course was a salad.  I got the roasted red pepper and mozzarella, my boyfriend got the house salad, and then we shared.  The roasted red peppers were amazing.  Just like my grandma used to make them.  The mozzarella was sparse in comparison... but fresh and tasty.  The house salad was really nice- lots of fresh and blanched veggies in a great red wine vinegar dressing.

For our next course, I got the spaghetti with garlic and oil, and he got the gnocchi in red sauce... and again we shared.  The spaghetti in garlic and oil was the win there.  The sauce was bread-dipping delicious.  The gnocchis were really mushy and the red sauce that everyone raved about didn't really do it for me.  I liked it... but i wasn't gaga over it.  The gnocchis really killed that one.

For my entree I got the eggplant parm, and my boyfriend got the sausage and peppers.  Now it would have been so awesome if our pasta and our entrees came out together... but they didn't, so i filled up on pasta and had no room for my entree.  I took like 80% of it home.  So did my boyfriend.  The eggplant tasted great, but it was a bit on the oily side.  It'll make for a few good lunches though.  It just needs a pasta-friend.  

We were way too full for desert, so we paid for our wine ($15- not bad if it were good), and tax/tip and began our walk home.

Overall, there are many many better places in the city to dine if you're in the mood for good italian.  Ralphs prides itself on not changing anything for over 100 years, but after this experience i have to wonder if small changes are a bad thing?
There was this one fabulous summer where the young Alexandra first got her kicks in the world of food writing. I had a pound of cash and no qualms about gettin chunky or so it seemed. I was 19, planning to move to Philadelphia and as ignorant as could be about its restaurant scene. Zagat recommended Ralph's as one of the prime spots for good Italian eating, so there I went. 

Once there, my friend and I went and ordered some of our Italian favorites: I got the Linguine Pescatore and she got Eggplant Parmesan. After a few bites in it seemed something was missing. Yes the joint was definitely Italian in appearance, with red checkered table clothes and waiters with accents, but what I was eating didn't taste like the good old Italian comfort food I usually relied on. The problem was that it didn't really taste like anything. It was hearty, heavy, but altogether bland. While this happens from time to time at restaurants, it means a lot that at this ripe stage in my career, when my palate was far less critical than it would become in later years, that I could leave one of Philadelphia's 'oldest restaurants' so disappointed. This was the same for my friend's dish. The plate was so large and full of food that it felt like it weighed five pounds, but did that greasy eggplant bathed in fried batter give one the impression she was eating anything better than...well grease and fried coating? Nope. 

Since this was years ago, I do not know if Ralph's has improved their food. From what I've read of recent reviews, however, the problem seems to be that the restaurant, in being Philly's 'oldest', has kept itself in business due to tourism, and it hasn't gotten any better. I mean hey I guess Ralph's seems great if you're used to going to Olive Garden right? Unfortunately even the dimmest understanding of good food will probably have you wondering why you spent so much on something that seemed it had been dosed with nothing better than Prego...but I guess some people are really that behind when it comes to learning about where to eat in Philadelphia or what Italian food is supposed to taste like in general.
I always go out for Italian food on my birthday. It's my favorite. My parents usually take me to my restaurant of choice back in Detroit and I go bananas. This year, however, was my first birthday actually spent in Philly as a resident of Philly, meaning Mike was on birthday duty. I couldn't really decide where to go, but a love for Ralph's runs through his family, as it came highly recommended by his parents and was also a destination on his brother's bachelor party tour of Philadelphia (I see you, brother), so I wanted to see what the dilly was. Plus I really wanted eggplant parmesan.

We rolled up and were sat without a reservation relatively quickly. The guys working all had on Phillies t-shirts, which was cute. We started with the complimentary crusty bread and a simple tossed salad. Shortly thereafter, our spaghetti came. We took a few bites from our respective bowls and Mike says to me, he says "Is there meat in this sauce? Yeah, there is." I entered a brief state of panic, but then I asked the server about it and he used CONTEXT CLUES gave me the vegetarian sauce to accompany my vegetarian entree and Mike the meat sauce to accompany his meaty entree. How thoughtful. He was a really nice guy, on top of it. Quick, but not short. You can tell they care about service.

The food was delicious and eeeexactly what I wanted. Everything was excellent, down to the diet soda. The eggplant parm consisted of a pool of sauce and a shitload of cheese and breaded eggplant medallions (which I prefer to the usual eggplant slabs that end up soggy and worthless). Mike enjoyed his veal parm so much he couldn't really talk much, either.

It was a perfect birthday dinner. Delicious food, great service, and reasonably priced. Five stars.
I'm a little sad at Ralph's negative reviews! Yet, I understand a rich history alone doesn't make a place great..so, thankfully for Ralph's, their old school Italian gets the job done! 

This is my mom's favorite place to eat whenever she visits the city, so naturally, I was wary of trying it at first (her other favorite restaurant is a not-be-named chain restaurant. Her name is literally Karen. I love her, but, OK Boomer. )  But I am SO glad I finally did! 

I ordered their Chicken Saltimbocca, my future FIL the Chicken Parm, & truly can't remember what my fiance got other than it was delicious (sorry...) Each meal came with a side of spaghetti and a bowl of the most delicious red sauce. The sauce was so wonderful, you could tell it was homemade with Nonna's old recipe told through the ages.  

Each meal was also HUGE - I have a big appetite and rarely have leftovers, but definitely had 1-2 more meals left over from Ralph's! 

This isn't a fancy shmancy Italian restaurant that blends together cuisines and comes in small plates - this is old school. It's Italian. And it's legit.
My wife and I went here for dinner with an open table gift card.  The atmosphere is fitting for an old Italian restaurant.  

We planned to share the tomato mozzarella salad to start, however, when the dish came out the tomatoes looked terrible.  They were pink, not red, and the insides were white (this was in prime tomato season mind you).  We both could tell without even tasting that it would not be good and the first couple tastes just confirmed our observations.  Where's the quality control in the kitchen?!?  Doesn't the chef take any pride in what he serves?  Anybody with half a brain could tell the tomatoes were crap, yet somebody in the kitchen made the decision to send it out the kitchen door.  Inexcusable and shows a complete lack of respect for the customer.  We brought it to the attention of our server who was very apologetic and said he would take it off our bill (I'm sure he could tell the tomatoes were crap).

We both got veal entrees which were ok, but still unremarkable.  The pasta and sauce on the side was the best part.

A Philadelphia institution, yes, but times have evolved and better food can be found elsewhere.
I come from Italy, Rome, and today on a trip to Philly we decided to visit the Italian area. 
We were happy to see a lot of groceries, stores selling italian food. 
We decided to have lunch there and try the most rated italian restaurant: Ralph's. 
That experience turned very soon into a nightmare! 
First of all the customer service is terrible. 
Then start with the food. 
We took an Antipasto that is basically a mix of cured meat and cheeses selection on a salad base. 
The cured meat had all the same flavour, and some of the cheese had mold on!!!!!! 
Then we took 2 white clams spaghetti 1 ravioli with marinara sauce, and 1 veal chop. 
Spaghetti: over cooked pasta, and was so evident that the pasta was not sauteé with the clams, but the 2 ingredients just mixed together. That pasta was beyond full of garlic and those clams were perfectly defrosted!! No trace of olive oil inside, but a huge quantity of a dark slimy liquid. That pasta was disgusting, uneatable, and unhealthy!!!!! Never eaten some clams spaghetti like that before ( in a bad meaning). 
Ravioli: hehehehehe. Call that stuffed pasta Ravioli it's an insult to the real fresh pasta. They were stuffed with an acid cheese that was not ricotta at all, covered with a small amount of similar sauce called marinara sauce, more terrible than the ravioli. Those ravioli sucked, like the spaghetti! 
Veal chop: have u ever eaten a piece of meat with no flavour? Yes I had. In that restaurant!! That veal chop was so sad, no flavour at all, hard like a wood shelf, unsalted, no trace of oil on. Then i asked some olive oil to pour on top, and the waiter came with a glass bottle full of a oily light yellow liquid. I tasted few drops and it was canola oil. I told to the waiter and he said that they don't have olive oil to serve. In italy canola oil is used in the car engines, not as a seasoning!!!! 
Then the bill came: 121$!! For that shit 121$!! I was so upset to waste all that money, but i was even more upset for the publicity of a fake italian food that the restaurant is making!!! That place is a cheap quality italian fast food imitation and should be taken out from any food guide!!! I went there because it's well rated!!!! Pls don't go there to eat, don't burn your money, that " restaurant" serves food for dogs.
2 people. Wine: sprang for $36 bottle. App: caprese salad (shared). Entrees: ravioli (frozen) & 2 meatballs, veal saltimbocca. Dessert: 2 Stella's n 2 espressos (double shots of coffee). Bill = $120 before tip.

Get the F$@k outta here.

In sum (and after my third visit), they are there to take your money in exchange for you saying you ate at Ralph's, which I won't be saying again.
This is a cool spot to visit in the city. Ralphs is the oldest restaurant in the country, and stepping inside, it is awesome to see all of the traditions and history it has kept.

It is in an older building, which I feel like makes for steep steps, tighter space, etc. While this did make it for a loud dinner, it also contributed to the overall exciting/bustling vibe of the restaurant. 

Their menu is huge, and has some classic Italian dishes. I would suggest getting the braciole! All in all, you can't go wrong here.
I liked the idea of getting an Italian meal at an Italian restaurant in the Italian market. But my meal at Ralph's didn't meet with my hopes. I told my waitress that I was a vegetarian. After scanning the menu, I did't see pasta primavera. So I asked if that was something I could order. She showed me a dish on the menu that looked like it basically was pasta primavera. And she mentioned several vegetables in it. So that it what I ordered. But when the dish arrived, I was very surprised to see it had shrimp in it. Shrimp isn't something I eat. But I also didn't want to send it back. So I just eat around them. It's also worth noting that my water glass was only refilled once while I was there. And this is a problem since I'm a tall drink of water.
Amazing authentic classic Italian. Melt in your mouth mussels with lots of garlic and parsley, big fresh shrimp and homemade pasta. Cute place and great service. Fettuccine sauce was so good.
I have been eating here my whole life. It's wonderful, really. Get the garlic bread. Scarones bread next door!!! Get the veal with artichokes or the the veal Rolitine . The anti pasta rocks. Get wine by the Craft. Super cheap and perfect for the food. Old world old school South Philly Italian. The service is good and the restaurant decor is "Godfather ". Expect to see Rocky at the next table. An all time classic.
What an experience. A South Philly institution which has been open over 100 years? I am impressed considering the service we received the other night. I was not expecting much in the way of service here the waitress did a fine job-it was the busboy or service assistant or whatever they are called there. Definitely the most ignorant and rude employee I have ever come across at a restaurant. We were a walk in 5 top on early Saturday night, the restaurant was not full. i understand that you may have some other parties coming in, if we were throwing such a monkey wrench in the nights plan, we should not of been sat. 
Here was our convo with him: 
He came to the table and asked "are we were ordering anymore food." Seriously? Is that how you ask a table if they were done eating? 
After he heard us say no, he cleared the plates and asked "is the little girl done?" while he pretty much took the fork from her hand and cleared our plates 
We said we may have dessert. 
After he rattled off the offerings, he stood over us until we made a decision, we decided that we would spend money somewhere else for dessert and promptly left. 
This gentlemen has no sense of hospitality, is completely rude and took money out of the owners pockets by his actions. Not only will I never return, I will spread the word about the absolute disregard for the guest. 
Hey genius, you work in the Hospitality industry, try showing some. Having been in the industry since I was 17, I was so disgusted by this gentleman, I find it hard to think of any reason to return and even give them another shot-I will not. 
And by the way, they use premade dressing? Absolutely the worst. Probably Sysco brand. 
Question: What did you use for Caesar dressing the other 80 or so years you have been open? Premade frozen ravioli, OK, but drain them when they are cooked so I do not have a plate with some sauce and a ton of water. So much for authentic. 

Just terrible, I wish I could give no stars.
its really hard to mess up italian food.  really.  but to make it really good?  well, it's really not ralph's.
i'm not so sure why people love it.  the food was forgettable.  the restaurant is kinda cramped. the neon signs just make it laughable.
there is so much better italian food in this fine city of philadelphia... go elsewhere.
The veal is excellent....this is old world Italian food....the waiter will give you answers to what's in the dishes,
This place is the oldest Italian restaurant in Philadelphia...which is why it still has a good amount of clientele. 

Overall this restaurant is average. It's just average Italian food...the sauces are a little watery, the staff are a touch too casual, and the management likes to throw their weight around in the dining room. Unfortunately since it's the oldest restaurant, tourists will come here and miss out on some other true gems in the neighborhood. If I were to recommend an Italian restaurant in Bella Vista, this wouldn't be it.
Went there for dinner with friends last week.

The place has awesome Italian food. 

We had wine in drinks, but I can't recollect its name as my friend ordered it. The wine was nice.

The place itself was overcrowded. So if you are interested in talking with friends, you may find it's hard to talk in groups here.

The staff was nice and friendly.

The portion sizes were big so be careful when ordering. I couldn't finish my meal and I feel bad about wasting food. :(
It's a trap- just because it's the oldest place around does NOT mean they are the best. I think I've had better experiences at Olive Garden. I'm disappointed because this was the only Italian restaurant we tried during my trip to philly and I KNOW there are much better Italian spots around the area.  

Service- my fiancé and I are not Italian, so our service was very very whatever. Got seated at the darkest corner of the room and our server wasn't very attentive or welcoming. It also took a while for food to come out.

Food:
Clams casino- really good compared to everything else I ordered. 
Chicken cacciatore- dry chicken. Good sauce+veggies. But together the meal was whatever. 
Side spaghetti- good sauce. 
Fiancé got I think, a lemon type pasta dish which was good. 
Considering how everything tasted I also feel the food was overpriced. 

So overall it was extremely WHATEVER. Nothing remarkable. 
IMO: don't waste your time.
Was a little bit nervous bringing my girlfriend here for three reasons...

1. It was Valentine's day.
2. We were coming from New York where good Italian food is already easy to find
3. She's Italian American so more than likely to cast a critical eye on anything that isn't up to scratch.

Turns out there wasn't any reason to be nervous at all. We had a great meal and the wait staff were very accommodating. I had a special (prosciutto and pea pasta with shrimp) and she had the linguine pescatore. Both were great, mine a little more so (in my opinion) and we washed it down with a full carafe of the house pinot grigio. On the advice of our AirBnB host, we also got a side of the escarole which was buttery and delicious. 

This place lives up to its hype of being a true institution of Philly. I would definitely come here again when I'm in town.
I had the veal parmesan because it seemed to be THE dish. It was so simple and so wonderful. The sauce is savory and delicious. The portion size is huge and could easily be shared. I also had the tossed salad with house dressing, red wine vinegar with olive oil. Again, so simple and quintessential Italian. Get the roasted broccoli. It is topped with roasted garlic. Healthy and balances the main dish whether it's chicken, veal, or pasta. Your mom says, eat your veggies!
My parents treated my wife and I to Ralphs for my birthday, and we definitely left happy. At the end of the Italian market, right next to Sarcones, sits a 116 year old establishment - Ralphs. This is not a big fancy restaurant, just an intimate, home style, Italian eatery. Yeah so the service isn't great - who gives a hoot. If you're looking for 5 star service go to one of the chain steakhouses. The servers are reminiscent of any of my Italian family members, what do you want, ok, here you go. Little bit of brashness, some wise ass sarcasm, but it's all part of the fun. The place is small, and you sit on top of the other diners - but maybe you'll make a friend or two while you're there - we did.
We didn't get any appetizers, they're not really needed. You start off with a nice basket of bread from next door - some butter, olive oil, and parmesan - just the appetizer you need. We all ordered different dishes of different complexities, and all pleased (some more than others). 

I had the Veal Saltimbocca which was absolutely fantastic. The marsala sauce was creamy and delicious, the veal tender and juicy, and the prosciutto on top just made the dish. My wife had the Chicken Francaise, which was also tender, juicy, creamy, and delicious. My mother had the Brachoile, which was just like Grandmas. My father had the Veal Parmesan, which while good, was topped by the other dishes. Each of our dishes were served with spaghetti and red sauce on the side. The red sauce was deceivingly delicious for how bright it is (usually a darker sauce has a bit more flavor). Being 4 people who have high expectations for sauce, we all agreed that Ralphs hit the mark. We were also delivered another basket of bread - this one better than the first as it was coated with sesame seeds, which is our favorite. 

We had a bottle of Ruffino Chianti, which was excellent, and then a half carafe of their house chianti - which was obviously not as good, but still 'a solid house wine' as our waiter elegantly put. 

We finished the meal with 2 massive cannoli's, which were also fantastic. The shell was probably one of the best we've ever had, and the filling was creamy and delicious. I also had an espresso (romano - i.e. with lemon) which was a nice accompaniment to the sweet cannoli. 

Ralphs has a very 'home cooking' feel to their food. It tastes like something your grandmother would make, and I am totally thrilled with that. They don't try and go over the top with the dishes (i.e. any amazing plating or tricky flavor pairings), but they sure do have their recipes perfected for their dishes. 

I have to give Ralphs 5 stars for the great ambiance and excellent food, if we're in the are we will definitely return... even though I got a parking ticket.
I don't get the big to-do about Ralph's. I went there expecting the most freaking delicious pasta I've ever had in my life and it tasted like dare I say, Olive Garden? (Okay, I know that's not fair, but I'm trying to emphasize how bland and flavorless the food was - get my drift?) It took FOREVER to get our food, but other than that, the service was pretty good.  I thought the prices were a little expensive too, at least for some of the dishes. It seems like Ralph's has gotten lazy because of their notoriety and history in Philadelphia.
Ralph's first piqued my interest when I read a story about Taylor Swift dining there and leaving a $500 tip. Yes, really. I wanted to try it because it was either THAT good or she was just being generous.  After my experience, I can tell you she was just being generous. Atmospherically speaking, it's an old school Italian restaurant. I ordered the penne alla vodka while dining partner scarfed down the chicken parmesan. The most important part of the penne alla vodka is the vodka sauce, mine was watery and lacking flavor. I prefer a more creamy sauce with a little spice and full of pancetta. Dining partner enjoyed his chicken parm, but wasn't blown away. Our waiter was nice and fairly attentive, but the food was underwhelming and we won't be returning anytime soon. Lesson learned: that's the last time I base my food selections on Miss Swift.
***3.5 if I could***
 Ralph's is the oldest family owned restaurant! I came here with family (4 people) for a Birthday celebration. No one had been there before but had heard very good things. 

I will preface this review with the fact that I am Sicilian and have been eating homemade Italian food my whole life. However, I do LOVE eating Italian food at places like Ralph's that feel like you're eating in your grandma's house in Italy. 

It was loud, the plates were not particularly beautiful but I can look past all of that.

Here were some things that went well: 
Food was very good particularly the specials that 3 of us ordered off of the trattoria menu. The rest of the menu looked fairly basic and did not excite me but I was very happy with my meal. 

On the other hand, the salads/meatballs we started with were nothing to write home about and I wouldn't order them again. For some reason my water glass was initially handed to me half empty and was not refilled until dessert. The table was pretty overcrowded and it took awhile for plates to be cleared. Our food took a long time between appetizer and entree and we waited for our waiter to come by to ask about dessert for awhile. 

Overall, the food was delicious but not something I'd run back for given the price/service. The experience was fun, just know its a loud and joyous atmosphere with some big groups and birthday singing!
Not the best Italian in town. You are better off going to Villa Di Roma down the street. The do however give you good portions, but the food is mediocre. I ordered the calamari and in came in a water down red sauce with not much flavor. Calamari was cooked well. My main dish was the chicken parmigiana, it really id not have much flavor. Salt and pepper go a long way. 

Service was terrible. I think they try to portray a rough south Philly vibe, but it's just a turn off. We were a 4 top and all of our food came out at different times. Very annoying when you are trying to eat together.

I would NOT recommend this place to anyone thinking they want to go to a great Italian restaurant.
The service: C grade. My waiter was friendly but quite neglectful. And he packed me needlessly close between the wall and a party. Other waiters seemed to be taking some sour puss home drama to work.  

Food:  I wouldn't suggest the calamari. It was like warmed up calamari rings thrown in spaghetti sauce.  It was pretty gross. 

The ravioli was ok. Nothing special. Tired.
I've had way better Italian food than this.  I figured, a S. Philly Italian place has to be the best.  Nope!  Even Maggianos is 10x better.  

The calamari was very tender and perfectly cooked, but the sauce it came with was watery, silghtly too sweet for my taste, and looked like it came from a can.  I got the chicken parm, which was enormous but  just tasted okay.  There was nothing too special about it.  My boyfriend got the veal piccata which had the usual lemon/butter sauce, but it was thick and globby looking like it was made with corn starch.  The side of vegetables he got was DRENCHED in butter.  There was a 2 inch pool of butter at the buttom of his dish.  

The service was okay, but the interior is a bit cramped.  I didn't really like how my table for 2 was SO close to the table of 4 next to us.  I felt like we were practically sitting at the same table.  The 1/2liter of house chianti, however, was pretty good, but if I'm in search of delicious Italian food I will not be returning here.  I'd much rather go to Cucina Forte around the corner.
I came here after hearing personally from a few friends that they enjoyed their meal here. I was weary of the mediocre ratings and have to say I agree with them.

The ambience is nice, like a large family dining room.
The service is okay, the host seating us was a bit too casual/gruff for my taste. I don't think it even jived with any potential "family style/atmosphere" that may have made the service deliberate.

The drink selection was satisfactory. My friend got the "Italian Moscow Mule" which he said was good -- I'd personally prefer the original drink. If they were BYOB that may have increased their potential value.
The food selection was fine but the food was average in flavoring and plating. The table bread was tasteless and stale.

Overall, I don't plan on coming here again since there are other options for pasta that I prefer.
Food was very, very good. The 3 story layout crowds people into impossibly small seating on every level. Service and the customer "experience" was awful. 

Had to repeatedly ask for things that we had ordered. No uniform delivery of the courses (half of our party got appetizers while the other half waited, and side orders were brought out at seemingly random times).  

Upon asking (repeatedly) for items we were owed, some punk waiter with a man-bun impatiently informed us that "things take time" in a rather abrupt manner.  No sonny boy, things take undue time when arrogant punks like "you" don't value the customer's experience, and the establishment doesn't enforce that value. 

Lastly, the environment is one where it is impossible to carry on a conversation with the person sitting immediately beside you. It's too loud. It's maddening. 

There's plenty of places with food just as good where the consumer experience matters.  As for me and mine, Ralph's has been written off.
I finally came to Ralphs along with Dr. Eagle and the gang. It's an older establishment with an authentic Italian charm to it. There are about 10-15 tables with lots of decor and history on the walls. 

Ordered the chicken parmigiana as it was HIGHLY recommended by the waiter as well as several others at the table who have already been there. The portions were massive and it came with a side of pasta or vegetables. Others at the table ordered the ( veal parmigiana - also highly recommended), ravioli with meatballs and spaghetti with meatballs.  All dishes were good but I think the red pasta sauce (which they call gravy) was the real hit. 

OH, they gave complimentary cannolis for the table and holy moly, they were SO good. Only if all cannolis were made with this much love and flavor.
I was excited to visit Philadelphia's ancient Italian eatery and convinced a group of my friends to join.  We're all in the culinary industry, so I think we are pretty considerate of the staffs in the back.  It's too bad, because our meals was pretty awful.  It's not even that the technique was lacking or the flavors; everything was lacking!  The food was poorly prepared, I've had better Italian food from a neighbor!

I am so deeply disappointed.  I came in not even expecting high end quality food, just a good ol' country/home style Italian meal.  The food here lacks Italy's freshness, and rustic charms.  There are much better Italian fares in the city.  

The people may be nice, but the food has since lost its charm.

p.s.  This is a nice review compared to what my fellow diners said.
Ralph's is fantastic!  I took my parents to Ralph's for dinner tonight and they loved it.  The decor, tons of people in a not so large space and the smell of pasta reminded me of having a big dinner with my family.  It's a very cute little place.  Their sauce is spot on!  I think they may have an army of little old Italians cooking nonstop.  It is a bit pricey, but much cheaper than flying my nonna here to cook dinner for me.  The portions are hearty and the staff is very friendly and helpful.    We were all very satisfied with our meals.  The gnocchi is decent, though not quite as dense as I like.  The rapini(broccoli rabe) was perfect.  The eggplant parmesan delicious as well.  My dad said he really enjoyed the veal.

Worth noting, they are cash only.  During dinner if you have 3 or more people they highly suggest making reservations.

I will definitely be visiting Ralph's again!
Went there with reservations for my Aunt's birthday.  We had a party of 10 and were seated on the second level.  


Wasn't sure at first...,  we started with bruchetta and mussels.  Sauce was definitely delish!  I got eggplant park with a side of penne.  My table was mixed with dishes.  My eggplant was good and the penne was also.  Kids loved the pasta dishes (ravioli and manicotti). No kid size portions .. My kids dishes were full price.  My poor Grandmom couldn't even cut her veal parm it was so tough!

Bread was ok and our waiter was very nice.  Service was certainly lacking..  We waited for a long time for our meals and my aunt had waited about 8-10 minutes after we were served before her meal came.  I am a big water drinker and all of our cups were empty for most of our service.  Two of our guests ordered sides of meatballs that never came although were overlooked and charged to our bill (4 meatballs =$15)

Overall thoroughly unimpressed.. There is better authentic Italian restaurants in the city and it actually breaks my heart to write this because I wanted it to be amazing!
I went on Saturday night around 8pm for dinner for 2. We had an 8pm reservation and were seated right away. The restaurant was busy and just about every table/seat was taken but there was no wait for a table. Service was great. Our waiter came over right away to take our drink orders and to see if we had any questions about the menu. He gave us a heads up that the veal takes a little bit longer to cook (after all they make everything fresh) but we still felt that they were pretty quick.

I am not sure why other people on yelp complained about the prices. I think the prices are reasonable and just about right for Italian in this neighborhood. Our 2 martinis came to $18 which is cheaper than most places in the City and they were good. We ordered the clams casino for appetizer, a veal dish, escarole as side with the veal, and seafood pescatore. The clams casino was decent but not the best I ever had. You got 6 filled clam shells which is pretty typical. I like mine a bit spicier but they were still good. I thought my seafood pescatore was very good and had a nice amount of mussels, crab meat and shrimp with a large amount of linguini. I took half of my meal home since it was so big. Sauce on the veal was good. They give plenty of bread to soak up the sauces which is nice and are happy to bring out extra complimentary bread. They get it from Sarcones which is next door and well known for their great bread. Prices for entrees averaged about $20. It's probably not the best Italian I have had in my life, but it was very good and authentic. Everything tastes like it is made fresh and way better than any chain restaurant like Carrabbas and Olive Garden and not much different in price. Our bill before our groupon came to about $70 for 2 entrees, an appetizer and 2 martinis.

Plus, the history behind Ralph's is pretty cool.

And no they do not accept credit cards.
Came here as a tourist from NYC as this is the oldest most famous Italian restaurant in America. Service was good. The meatball appetizer was great. Their red sauce is delicious. Everything else however was pretty disappointing. We had the mussels, penne a la vodka and the cheese cavatelli in Gorgonzola cheese sauce. We really wanted to love this place but it just didn't hit the mark. All the food lacked flavor. Save yourself the time and skip this place, go to La Nonna's (which we went to the night before and was fantastic) or try another place.
I've been to Ralph three times over the past few years, and I don't think I'll be going back again.  Bottom line: this place is overpriced.  Case in point in the tomato and mozzarella appetizer.  It's $9.75.  I understand that appetizers and desserts are the place to mark-up prices, and that's fine. These people run a business to make money.  However, I cannot respect a restaurant that gouges its customers.  This particular appetizer is one tomato cut up (prob cost them 50 cents), a few small mozzarella balls, and then a drizzle of balsamic vinaigrette.  A dish that costs them $2-$3 to make should not be priced at $9.75.  Similarly, a bottle of beer, Stella, cost $7.  Furthermore, the menu prices on their website are out of date and misleading.  Another case in point: the veal saltimbocca.  On the website, it's listed as $23.  In the restaurant, however, its $25.  This is one of my favorite dishes because of the prosciutto that is traditionally supposed to cover the veal cutlet.  At Ralph's, there were three tiny bites of prosciutto.  I honestly don't think I was even given one full slice, let alone enough to cover the veal.  

I think Ralph's offers traditional Italian food in a great atmosphere.  However, in a city like Philadelphia where Italian restaurants are a dime a dozen, Ralph's has to do much more to make it worth your while.  The food isn't bad, but it's not great either.  On top of serving lackluster food, they have the nerve to charge an arm and a leg for it.  I can think of at least two other Italian restaurants in the city where the food is better AND cheaper.  Ralph's is the perfect example of a once-great restaurant that is now resting on its laurels and relying on name only.  Try it out if you must, but don't expect to be wowed.
I will never, ever, in my whole life, understand why people love this restaurant so much.  I walk by often and  see a lots of NJ plates using the valet service -so It's gotta be the tourists (AND my co-workers that live in the suburbs - they like Ralph's, but you should see what they eat for lunch every day if you know what I mean.) 

 I suspect that  the suburban folks are at a disadvantage by only having an Olive Garden to compare "authentic" Italian food to so Ralph's probably seems like some freaky cheese covered upgrade.

Anyway, back to Ralph's, sure, it's been there for over a hundred years, the decor is cute on the first floor, reminding one of the "olden days". 
Sure, the service is cheeky if not just a little snarky, but the food is downright terrible. 

Okay. it's edible, but not edible in a good way.

 The last time I was there was for a wedding rehearsal dinner and no one finished their entrees & when asked by the waitress if anyone wanted it wrapped up to take home - it was a unanimous, "No."  This was from roughly around, oh, 100 people.  
That's a bad thing.
Awesome Italian restaurant.  I loved this place from the moment I walked in.  The prices are reasonable, the food is outstanding, and so far, this is my favorite Italian restaurant in Philadelphia.  I have tried several others and nothing has compared yet.  If you have not tried it, GO GIVE IT A TRY!  I am a picky eater and they even suited me!  :)
I have been coming to Ralph's for years.  It is one of both my father's and my favorite places to go!

The restaurant is always crowded, and they do pack you in a little tight, so make sure you call ahead for a reservation.  The service is always excellent and the prices are not bad at all!
Servers are always extremely friendly and have so much personality!
Ralph's has so much character, and the food is so delicious!  Perfect for comfort food Italian dishes!

Some of our favorite dishes are: 

Italian Salami, Provolone & Olive Salad
Tomato & Fresh Mozzarella Salad
Antipasto (my personal favorite as a starter)
Calamari
Mussels (red or white)
Ralph's Famous Veal Parm
Chicken Parm
Veal Francaise
Chicken Cacciatore
Chicken Sorrento
Chicken Capricciosa
Chicken Livers (Don't knock it til you try it...SO DELICIOUS)

Honestly, I am sure anything you get here will be fantastic. The pasta is always perfectly cooked and the sauces and flavors here are mouthwatering.  I love the smell when I walk by this place and when I come inside.  I salivate at the slightest whiff! 

There is a valet for parking, but you can usually find street parking in the area and not have to walk too far. 

This restaurant is a Philly staple and a do not miss if you are ever in town!
The oldest Italian restaurant in America founded in 1900!!! (I can neither confirm nor deny this statement, but its what I read on my table mat at the restaurant).  Ralph's was one of the only restaurants in the area that was open on the rainy day we visited.  So we went and we took our chances hoping the food here would be good and authentically Italian. The food here was delicious!

I ordered the Caesar salad which was prepared with large romaine lettuce leaves and freshly grated parmesan with home made Caesar dressing. It was one of the best salads I've had. 

I also ordered the clam linguini.  The dish had a lot of flavor and the clams were chopped into little pieces.  The broth that it was cooked it was very yummie and I used the complimentary bread to soak up the broth. I drank that stuff up!

Service here was great! They were booked full for dinner so we were very lucky they were open for lunch. Their phones were ringing off the hook from people asking for reservations. I kept hearing "I'm sorry we are fully booked for tonight".  Thats how good it is here!

In the middle of our meal, there was an elderly couple that personally told every table to enjoy our meal before they left the restaurant. I thought it was so cute and such a nice neighborly thing to do!

A very cute restaurant full of charm, history, and good food. Definitely stop in for a meal if you can.
Nothing about the pandemic has been enjoyable. Nothing about social isolation and life restriction has been enjoyable. And it's been particularly bad for restaurants and their staff. 
Since I first came to Philadelphia in 1985 to go to Jefferson medical college I have been a fan of Ralph's. It's like home for me and my family. 
Tonight we were craving a taste of home and ordered take out from Ralph's. We live about 25 minutes from Philadelphia in NJ and planned our arrival there right about the time the order was ready. We enjoyed Caesar salad, ravioli lasagna and Chicken parmesan with pasta and bread. It was always as before. Always delicious and a taste of home for us. 
When we ordered we added a gratuity and the gentleman who took the order was gracious and said they would throw in a bottle of Chianti. The wine was delicious and perfectly accompanied our meal. We were very grateful and enjoyed every part of our meal. 
So thanks to Ralph's for the last amazing 120 years and for always making your patrons happy and wanting for more not only for the delicious food but also for the incredible courtesy you show to your patrons.
Okay. So I ordered soup and a side of meatballs from Ralph from Caviar. There's a spot on the order page where you can make a request. I asked for extra Parmesan and a spare square of toilet paper. I added that I was joking. They included a roll of tp with my order. I FUCKING LIVE Ralph's.
It is tough to separate the atmosphere and history of the restaurant (founded in 1900 and still owned by the same family) from the food.

CASH ONLY!

The food is well prepared from a standard menu of traditional red-sauce Italian.   The appetizers and bread are delicious (you'd expect the bread sitting next to Sarcone's Bakery)

The room is tight.  The tables are small.  The service is very attentive.  The atmosphere is 100% authentic South Philly.

Go hungry for a traditional Italian meal and you'll leave stuffed and satisfied.
Not impressed. I had the spaghetti and meatballs which I thought were only mediocre. The ambiance was nice as the restaurant is in an old 3 story house. The wait staff were OK, but did not check on us often enough. I felt like we were almost a burden. We had a group of 14 and ordered a variety of foods. We were the only customers on the floor.
Blindly went here without looking at Yelp and the fact this place has less than 4 stars is a joke. The food here is so on point. Usually after a meal like this I'm groggy and exhausted, but Ralph's Italian restaurant left me content and just ecstatic of just how great that means was. They take walk ins but I recommend making reservations. I came on Monday at 5:30 (with a reservation), by 6:00 the place was filled. Everyone walking in the would greet the host with a "hello, I have reservations", so I think it's fair to say reservations is a 'thing'.

Food was insane. The manicotti was incredible and just melted in my mouth. Although my fiancé was steered by the waiter to order veal saltimbocca; and it was incredible. We ordered 3 appetizers (meatballs-comes with 2 & a side of thick ricotta), long hots, and a refreshing caprese salad. Entree we shared the manicotti, then got 2 of our own. 
Everything was so delicious.

Definitely plan to come back to try other dishes, but it'll be hard to veer from what we got this time.
Delicious, traditional Italian food! Huge portions! Great service! Timeless ambiance! 

There are a lot of excellent Italian restaurants in the Italian market, but for over 100 years Ralph's has been (and for me will always be) the go-to spot for a classic Italian meal!
I went back and forth on this rating.  As Italian restaurants go, Ralph's is pretty darn good.  But 5 stars?  Well, that depends on how you define its category.  Sure, I've been to some "better" Italian restaurants (some with Michelin stars, some with better reviews and more hype, some with fancier techniques and ingredients).  But South Philly Italian is a category unto itself, and not only does Ralph's excel within that category, it practically defines it.

A solid menu that blends upscale restaurant with good home cooking is only the start, as the personality and history of Ralph's is what turns delicious plates into a full experience.  The ambiance of the dining rooms (charming, nice and neighborly), the attitude of the waitstaff (professional, enthusiastic, with an edge of South Philly), and a solid track record of over 100 years serving the community (ably, devotedly, and popularly) all combine to make Ralph's not just a restaurant, but a South Philly institution.  My first visit was so long ago and when I was so young that I don't even remember it.  My most recent visit was this week, after many years away.  Most places don't hold up to nostalgia or memories, and my palette has certainly gotten more refined over the intervening time, but Ralph's was not only as good as I remembered, but better.  Few memories hold up as well as Ralph's, and they've been doing it for over a century.

Never in my life have I been disappointed in Ralph's when hankering for a good Italian meal.  Never have I regretted going to Ralph's (or taking someone else there) for a South Philly experience.  It's always good.  It's always classic.  And it always impresses.  If that doesn't deserve 5 stars, I don't know what does.
Solid staple in South Philly....say that ten times fast!

This has been my dad's favorite yesterday for decades and the food, South Philly culture, and that glorious red gravy sauce with Sarcone's bread what more can you ask for.

A couple of my favorite items here are the escargot appetizer which are bathed in abundance of garlic and butter. The calamari and spaghetti when done properly is terrific as all there pasta is fresh as can be I can fully endorse this dish. I only ordered it one time where the cook left the calamari in too long and it was pretty unedible. If you are a fan of veal you will be very happy with your choice of veal ( They have about ten different ways they can prepare the veal for you so if you want to mix things up you can try a new take on your typical veal order or go with your old standby).

The mussels in the red sauce are a must if you like spicy, tasty, marinara sauce that you can dip Sarcone's bread in which is the bakery that cooks the bread on the same street! This does not lose an ounce of freshness as a result.

If I lived in South Philly I would probably come here once a week. Only negative I can think of is it does get very loud in the place during the busy times and the fact there are three levels of seating does not matter it is always packed Friday-Sunday night, make reservations if you are planning to drop in.
Order the eggplant parmesan, AMAZING. Skip anything with white sauce, it isn't anything special.
Growing up in a town that is 99% Italian population in NJ. I know good Italian food, this was better than any Italian restaurant I have been to. The sauce was amazing, I highly recommend the manicotti or anything with their red sauce. I was recommended from the waiter to get the veal saltimbocca and wow it was amazing. I will be back here soon, I was told you can ask to sit upstairs.
Boring. 

I had dinner here when I was visiting Philly because my boyfriend had been here during his last visit and raved about it, but I thought this place was forgettable and after this visit he said he wouldn't be back either. 

The bread was cold and tasted stale. The Caesar salad was drowning in dressing. I will give them an extra star because my meal came with so many mussels. They certainly did not skimp on that. But service was slow and the place is cramped. My servers butt shouldn't practically be on my table when he turns to help the table next to us.
PROS: Decent taste, giant portions
CONS: Cramped, mildly expensive

The food and atmosphere wasn't great, but it's not bad either. For the price, I was expecting a bit better. The service was pretty fast/rushed --- with waiters running to and fro. The endless supply of complimentary bread was the most memorable part of the meal --- thick, crunchy crust covered with fragrant sesame. Mmmm...
Ralph's proudly boasts itself as being the oldest restaurant in the country.  What it lacks in elegance, it makes up with character.  It's not the most fanciest place you'll dine at in the city, but it certainly has an ambiance that is fitting with the neighborhood and houses it is nestled between.  While in this restaurant, you know you're in South Philly-- and that's the way it should be.  

This was my second visit here.  The first time, it was strongly recommended that I have the veal parm.  They describe it on their menu as "famous."  I'm not sure how famous it is, but everyone should know about this, and if they haven't tried it, needs to.  I highly suggest vegetarians succumb to their own carnivorous temptations and give in with this dish.  I feel very confident in saying it's the best veal parm I've ever had.  This time, I went with a personal favorite and had the rigatoni a la vodka with chicken.  It was pretty good, but I've had better.  The biggest issue I had with it was a lack of sauce and could have been more.  Another staple of Ralph's is their meatballs.  If you take anything from this review, heed this:  don't leave the restaurant without ordering them.  For any Italian who has ever uttered the phrase "my mom's meatballs are the best,"  you've obviously never tried these.

Everyone loves Italian food.  If you dine out a lot in Philly, Ralph's is a must try.
I've had better- but the service was excellent on even a weekday.
And this place was hopping at 8:30pm, but I really had high hopes for a perfect meal.

Food:
1) House Salad (I can't stand it when a rest. thinks ice berg lettuce is okay for a salad
2) Standard spaghetti/meatballs/standard red sauce- is this even homemade?- but I really wanted bolognese sauce- who doesn't have bolognese sauce in a mom/pop Italian rest!!!!!!
3) bruschetta- okay.. but it really wasn't memorable
 
Thoughts/FYI
1) I enjoyed my company and service (he was excellent and attentive more than anything-maybe because it was later in the night/a weekday)
2) Cash Only- that doesn't really bother me much since they do have an ATM inside. Although when I think of cash only rest., you assume the prices would be much cheaper- it's not.. a little higher than standard.

Overrated and a little let down.
We went there after passing by so many times on our way to the Italian market. Started of with Roasted Peppers and Mozzarella. The peppers had no flavor and it was some cheap mozzarella. Then we had the Gnocchi, which were ok but especially the tomato sauce was nothing special. Could have done that myself. Then we had two different veal dishes. Disgusting. Looked like from an episode of Kitchen Nightmare's. Could not eat them, they were so greasy -- swimming in fat. Might be that some people consider that home-style Italian? Server didn't acknowledge our uneaten food, just dropped of the bill. Also, our water glasses were not refilled promptly. I'm not sure why people rave about this place so much. There are better Italian places within walking distance, priced only marginally higher but are BYO. I'll never be back.
Okay food, Italian like, but penne out of the box. Can you say Mueller's?  Not sure i will return.
I think this restaurant definitely deserves a five star rating! It is a typical family style italian restaurant! The portions are big, the bread is fresh, there are tons of options and of course they have a great selection of beer and wine!! My two favorite dishes are the veal parm, which is absolutely amazing!! I think the best in philly! And then the penne vodka with chicken is just soo good!! 

This restaurant has a great atmosphere and you know it's good when sooo many Italians are there!! I would definitely recommend this restaurant!!
The food here is always excellent. However, my mom has had two knee replacements that have gone wrong, and has a very difficult time walking. They told us to go upstairs, so my mom was able to make it up a flight of stairs, slowly, then  when we got up there they asked us to go to the third floor up another flight. My mom had asked if we could stay where we were because of her leg, the guy had to ask his manager (ok, makes sense). The guy told us that they needed tables on the second floor for reservations (there were many open tables). When we were leaving, those same tables were still empty, there was no "giant party" that needed those tables like we were told and there were other tables open that weren't for reservations. My mom mentioned it to the manager on the way out and he was very rude. He basically told us a bunch of bs about why they couldn't accommodate a table even though tables were open. We even offered to wait past our reservation time so my mom wouldn't have to do more stairs. My mom asked how you can reserve a table without a lot of stairs for future visits and the manager said that we could put a request in when making the reservation, but it's simply a request and not every request can be filled. I don't see why a restaurant can't accommodate to someone who is handicapped or less able to walk up stairs. It's ridiculous and very rude.
First time here - have always heard great things about this "institution".....had a good friend from Texas in town visiting and brought him as well. 

Food was ok. I had a very good salad then penne with meatballs for my main course - it was good but not great. 

Our service overall was ok, but there just seemed to be an air of pomp with everything - plus our server was repeatedly coughing at the table. Dude - take some dayquil.

I am open to going back to give it another shot but there are TONS of great Italian restaurants in this city, so probably won't be for a while. 

PS - our friend from Texas enjoyed it but since this was not his first time at the "south Philly rodeo" we could tell he wasn't overly impressed.
Glad Nick B. spoke up. As an Italian foodie I need to try all Italian restaurants in the city, and Ralph's always comes up on every list.

Small, authentic-looking and simple. The perfect makings for good food.

The waiter who waited on my party was quite strange, and very full of Ralph's pride. He sat with us and offered great conversation. 

The food, however, is the reason most people go to a restaurant, and in my case, (and the case of my 100% Sicilian boyfriend) this food was surprisingly bad. Not bad as in I wanted to spit it up and wash off my tongue, but just. . . normal.

If you are looking for a great Italian restaurant like Grandma used to make, go to HOSTERIA DA ELIO. Trust me. I should be charging for these food secrets. . .
My friend who has been going here for years (since he lives right across the water) decided to bring me to this place to show me real, authentic Italian food. So of course I was expecting something amazing because he knows his food. Wow is right! Wow, this place really sucks and the food tastes like canned Italian food. Actually, I would be insulting the canned food by saying that. It's worst! What are people thinking. I had the pasta and meatballs and both were horrendous. I cannot believe this even is considered Italian food let alone great Italian food. I am sure, or even praying, there is better places in Philly.  Plus it's always packed. What are people thinking! Go to the supermarket and buy the frozen variety and you will enjoy it more...even if you don't even thaw the food!
Love this place. I can't claim to know their entire menu but all I know is this:

The Chicken Sorrento and the Veal Parmesan are fucking amazing!

The portions are feast worthy and you'll feel like a fat ass swiping the last bit of sauce with the soft bread. It's a small, quiet, dimly lit restaurant. The perfect place to spot a mafioso slurping down a string of spaghetti with his broad on the other end.
So I haven't been to this place in 20 years but always remember the Fettuccini Alfredo as killer- with fresh Pasta and an impeccable wait staff.....tonite we were jammed into a 3rd floor table with only one other party all the way on the top floor. 6 open tables and uncomfortable temperature! 

    I ordered Veal Rollatine(i) my favorite dish in the world to only have it delivered not Rolled but flat on plate !
While Delish the portion size was minuscule for said price! 
The bucatini home made and nice !!
Calamari to fishy... 
Escargot ehh all parm dishes Very nice but way toooo small!! 
Never offered a second bread despite 11 folks dining...
And worst of all a built in tip of 20%
Now I usually tip 20-25% but tonite I would have probably left 15-18! 
Why because the waiter came over and asked 
" are you ready for the check?"
Duh? Ohh I'm sorry did you forget about dessert which we then ordered!!
Cannolis great! Waiter never asked if he could take a pix 
Or make us feel like it was a special night!
To him it was just about getting us out and 
Giving us a check so he could leave!
Well, I guess it's hard to give a fair review of a place after you've experienced the wrath of food poisoning after a meal there. 
The food and the experience were decent, until all that happened. I am thinking it was the clams... damn clams!

The server was pretty terse and not all that friendly, but was able to help us pick out a good wine with certainty. The wine list had a nice selection and I was happy to find that it was well priced and not overly ridiculous as wine can usually be at restaurants.  

The "specials" rotate seasonally and are obviously the most expensive things on the menu. I did find them to be slightly overpriced compared to the rest of the menu which was surprising. 

The food was standard, classic Italian food, but honestly have had better or at least similar at other Italians in Philadelphia.

I really do kinda want to go back, but I am probably too scared by my first experience there.
You go to Ralph's because it's a classic. The food is traditional and basic, but decent. The service is decent. I think you go mostly for the experience though. I feel like everyone should try it at least once. I had the gnocchi, which was fine. It was a little gummy for my taste, but the meatballs and appetizers were pretty good. I would say to go try it yourself because everyone who claims to like Italian food and lives in Philly has to try it at least once.
