When does a bowl of water become soup?

If we heat it up, throw in a handful of salt, is it done yet? What if we get a little crazy - add some color and go heavy-handed with the MSG? We could toss in some noodles and trinkets from our bag o' tricks, and what the hell, pour on some more salt, just to stay consistent.

There are two major components that can make or break a ramen bar: the noodles (there are no standouts in this category amongst Philly ramen joints, most are just ok) and the broth. A good broth has depth and complexity. It titillates your taste buds as it overwhelms them with a deluge of harmonious flavors and sensations. What you get at Ramen Bar is an uninspired performance of "The Many Faces of Sodium" hurled at you with a large wooden ladle and Manhattan-style prices. 

The place looks pretty cool though, and the tofu appetizer was quite good.
Recent ROTDs and pretty good reviews from respectable yelpers forced my hands to finally try Ramen Bar.

Hesitant as I was, I really did attempt to keep an open mind before going here. But it's just so hard. Once you've reached a standard, it's extremely difficult to enjoy anything below that level. Nonetheless, I ventured on fearlessly. 

If Ippudo's pork buns is a 9.5/10, then the pork buns aka R.B Burger here is a 7/10, which is acceptable. The Tonkastu ramen is sub-par to the standard I referred to earlier. Served with firm, well-made noodles, perfectly roasted slices of pork, and a ni-tamago (a marinated boiled egg with firm whites but a soft yolk). This is everything the Tonkastu ramen here aspired to be, but failed to become. The pork is not tender at all, which really irks me. 

In the end, I admire the owner for taking a risk and open another ramen place in Philadelphia. Students in University City finally have a place to enjoy a hot bowl of ramen during the winter. Unfortunately, it's not good ramen.
COMPLETE DISASTER! Yelper "Tiffany C." (A few reviews north/south of this one) seems to of had the same experience...déjà vu all over again. 

At what point is a formally really great place worth only "One Star"? I think it is when it is a mere shell of its former self. 

I will start with the food, It was bland and you could absolutely tell how little care it was made with. As an other Yelper pointed out the "formally delicious" Pork  Buns tasted more like the bun then the sliver of pork that was inside. I realized after eating this normally delicious, though poorly prepared , dish that the true 'magic' would normally be that you can't taste the bun which should be light and airy and devoid of flavor. In this case I can actually taste the flour with just a hint of pork. I guess "you don't know what you have until you lost it holds true", you apparently can't truly enjoy pork buns until you've had them made very poorly. 

With regards to my soup, it is hard to place but again the ingredients just didn't taste as fresh and the soup not as rich. It was absolutely noticeable. There was also some sort of a PIECE OF RED PLASTIC or maybe a very stiff red pepper peel or something in my soup GROSS, it just really turned me off. Get ready for this; the Yelper who had the same pork bun issue "Tiffany C." Also reports finding something in her food. Not good at all.

Now the service: Because I had remembered from last time, about a month ago, that they tend to bring the food out all at the same time even though I ASKED THEM NOT TO DO THAT I took special precautions. I waited about 10 minutes after ordering my appetizer to order the soup, this way it was a failsafe that it would not all come out together. My wife and I joked that it would still somehow all come out together anyway and believe it or not 5 minutes later it did! Amazing! What a great feat and truest not giving a crap. 
When the staff managed to peel them selves away from their conversation we had asked for some more noodles for the soup and naturally they never came out. When I asked where they were the girl said "did you ever initially order them", very strange syntax ("initially order them"?) and yes I "initially ordered them". 

All in all it ever plays deserve to get trashed it's this place. It just smells of arrogance and complacency.  

MY HYPOTHESIS: they think they realized that because they are frequented by so many university students (which I am not one of) that they think they can get away with being substandard and live off of whatever reputation I had . Maybe they can but I'm sure not for much longer. Specially not that price point. 

This is the second lousy experience I had I will never be back.
I think I need to go back to try the bar...

Been wanting to stop by ever since it opened on campus, but haven't really had the chance to until last week. Came for a late lunch on Sunday and we luckily avoided the wait time everyone has been complaining about. Upon entering, I loved the high ceiling and overall interior of the restaurant. It's very light wood-heavy and the lighting created a nice, chic, modern ambiance. We were quickly seated and decided to place our order.

I love asking for opinions of the servers but was unfortunately disappointed when our served didn't know anything about the menu. She told us what was popular, but couldn't really tell us the differences between the many types of ramen on the menu, which I think is kinda a requirement at a ramen restaurant. We decided to go with Tonkotsu Ramen and Tonkotsu Chashumen with an egg. The only difference between them is the number of slices of pork you get (1 v. 3).

The ramen came out about 10 minutes later and I will say the presentation was great. Traditionally with ramen, you have all the ingredients layed out on top of the noodles and it was a great display. I also like tasting the broth before going right to the noodles. The broth however was very salty, with a nice, thick layer of oil on top of it. They went great with the noodles I devoured afterwards, but I refused to finish the soup at the end. I also ordered an extra order of noodles ($2 if you're feeling extra hungry) which topped off the meal.

I think Ramen Bar is a step in the right direction, diversifying dining options in West Philly. However, I think it still has some things to fix before it becomes a neighborhood staple of mine. It's also very pricey (~$18 for lunch). I'm hoping their bar opens up soon; it could be a nice place to hang out with friends on chill weeknights.

Pros: different for the area, great interior, great noodles consistency
Cons: pricey, salty/oily broth, inexperienced wait staff
Today was a sad, sad day. I went into Ramen Bar with my boyfriend today, with high expectations from all of the positive reviews that I had seen on yelp. We got to RB around 3ish which was about the time they were closing for lunch. However we were still seated. The interior of RB is beautiful. It's sleek, clean and modern. The tables are a comfortable size, and the decor is simplistic. The open bar is a nice addition as well. However, that is where the magic ends..

Our server was decent. She seated us and brought us water. While my boyfriend and I looked over the menu, she came back after a short period of time to take our order. I felt a bit rushed.. but nevertheless, we ordered Takoyaki, my boyfriend had the Tonkatsu Chasumen, and I had the Kara Kara Tonkatsu ramen. 

The takoyaki came out fairly quickly which was great since I was starving. The presentation is beautiful, but they could use less ginger on the plate... Red ginger over kill! The outside was crisp and the inside was semi-smooth. There was definitely a lack of octopus inside which defeats the purpose of TAKOyaki. And Please!!!! Add more BBQ sauce and Kewpie Mayo!!! There's definitely not enough on top.. Also, one or two pieces that I had was a little cold on the inside. Talk about let down! These balls of pure happiness are supposed to be delicious and piping hot, but they ended up to be balls of bland-ness...

Once the ramen came out I was a little less excited. Again, the presentation was wonderful. I love their bowls and plates that they use! The spoons... no. NO NO NO. 

The one thing that especially irked me: non-disposable chopsticks and spoons... EW. EW. EW. EW. COME ON. How many people's mouths have these utensils been in?! Okay, yeah, they probably (hopefully, dear God please) wash them every night. But still... the thought of using chopsticks and spoons that have entered other peoples mouths.... UGH. Gross.

But anyway, the spoons especially are awkward to use. The ramrod straight handles make an odd experience when trying to drink the soup. 

The broth for the Kara Kara was nice and savory with a little hint of spice (I could use a lot more spicy). However the broth for the Tonkatsu was a little too watery in my opinion. The noodles are reminiscent of Nan Zhou Hand Drawn Noodle House... Too starchy and they stick together. 
The egg was in no way perfect. The yolk was oddly lumpy and solid, while the egg white had no flavor at all.  The fact that I only had 1 piece of pork and had to pay $12 boggled my mind. Plus the charsu was cut too thick and it was way too small and fatty. It had NO flavor.

Service was whatever. The servers obviously were more focused on their food and didn't refill our water once. When the waitress came to clear our bowls she didn't even bother asking if we wanted anything else, instead she just said "can I get you the check?" I get it, it's your lunch time. But don't sacrifice service for your stomach. I work in a ramen restaurant too and have been to a couple of other ramen places, so I know how service (and food) should REALLY be. Even as my boyfriend and I walked out, we didn't hear a single "have a nice day," or "thank you". Talk about rude..

The food is mediocre, and so is the service. I left the restaurant still hungry.. The ambience is relaxed, and good for a quiet lunch if you're willing to shell out $12 a bowl. Honestly, the food is unmemorable. Either make a trip up to North Jersey/NY for ramen, or go to Terakawa in Chinatown. Hell, even go to Nom Nom if you want some ramen. Ramen Bar is not worth the time or money. 

It's a shame that their food isn't any better.. They're in a beautiful location with great opportunities for return clientele, but they need to fix their service, hire more professional servers, and fix their food.
So Ramen Bar just opened 2 days ago but I predict that once word spreads, Penn undergrads will swamp this place 24/7. So visit soon, while the wait is still on the magnitude of 10's of minutes. 

The decor here is pretty classy, as are the serving dishes and such: octagonal vermilion chopsticks, fancy Japanese stoneware noodle bowls. Even the spoon (or rather, wooden ladle) that comes with the ramen is like something straight out of the Edo period, though it makes it a bit difficult to get at the bottom of the bowl. 

Anyway, about the food. The fried octopus balls are pretty good, though they could do with more octopus and less fried coating. The flavors are nice though. We tried the tonkotsu and shoyu ramens. The tonkotsu was a light yet flavorful milky-colored broth with thinner, smoother, white ramen noodles. The shoyu is a brown broth that is slightly saltier and packs a rich umami punch. The noodles are the thicker, chewier-type yellow ramen, which I think gives it a slight edge over the tonkotsu. The pork is tasty, but the regular $10 bowl only gives you one piece. I'd go with the $12 bowl (charshumen), which gives you 3. I might skip the marinated boiled egg next time, it wasn't that marinated and didn't come whole with a nice runny yolk inside.

It seems that their bar and credit card machines aren't up and running yet, and neither are a few of the menu items. No matter, I'm sure they'll work it out in time. On a side note, it's funny and kind of cute that they make their servers greet you Japanese-style with a "irashaimasse!" Overall, this is some tasty ramen served in a pleasant and convenient space, so the slightly higher prices are kinda worth it.
About me: Ramen enthusiast. Ate at 20 ramen restaurants this year (including 8 in Tokyo) and worked at a ramen restaurant in Copenhagen.

I had the tonkotsu with extra chashu and ajitama. This ranks as the worst ramen I had this year. 

- Broth: The broth was too diluted, a shame because an 12+ hour boil usually draws out incredible pork flavors. It lacked umami or any depth (you can probably recreate this flavor with just pork stock and salt). 
- Chashu: The pork was nice and soft, but not very sweet and had an almost penny-like taste.
- Ajitama: The egg was cooked well but poorly marinated. Too light.
- Aroma oil: Would have benefited from stronger garlic taste.
- Noodles: The wavy noodles weren't salty or alkaline enough. They probably work.betterbin the shoyu broth.

Most of the issues above seem like cost cutting decisions to me. You could add a fish/seaweed element to the tare to up that umami, you could add less water to the stock, you could increase the soy sauce ratio for the egg brine, you could buy nicer noodles (e.g. from Sun). But they don't! 

For Philly, I recommend Terakawa instead. In general be wary of ramen restaurants with more non-ramen items on the menu than ramen items.
After taking a sip of my spicy miso ramen, I thought that the broth was pretty decent, but then, as I brought the second spoon to my mouth, I realized why it tasted so good - there was a whole CHUNK of butter chilling in my spoon. Okay,  anything would taste that good if you use that much butter, but if you're going to use that much, please make sure you mix in all the ingredients properly before serving it in a bowl (and making me aware of how much saturated fat i'm eating) and charging $11. 

All in all, the place is cute, utensils are adorable, and servers are nice. BUT, why is one of the chefs eating his bowl of rice INSIDE the kitchen right over all the food?  And why does an $11 bowl of ramen only come with ONE piece of pork, and then charge $3 for an extra piece? And why do they charge TWENTY percent gratuity for parties of FOUR or more? I've been server before and I know it's not THAT difficult to serve a party of 4. 

All in all, a place I wouldn't mind going to if someone else wanted to, but definitely not a place I would suggest or recommend.
Alright,

Just so you don't think I'm trying to be flaky here, I'm increasing my review one more time. We recently came back for another try. I was worried it was too early, but the option of a hot bowl of ramen on a cold afternoon was just too enticing to turn down.

We came back again, and boy were we happy we did this time!

The RB burger appetizer was GREAT! The bun was light, soft, slightly sweet, just how I like it - and the pork was juicy and soft - the way it should be - and as if the sauce inside the bun wasn't already good enough, there was a wasabi sauce on the plate that added another level of complexity and surprise for the dish. 5/5. MUST TRY.

The tori kara-age (fried chicken appetizer) - well, it was okay. It didn't help that we got this after the RB burger. Actually, this came out even after our ramen came out. That was interesting. Anyway, the breading was thin, which I did like, but the flavoring/sauce - well, it had a bit of spicy/sweetness, and it just didn't really do it for me. 2.5/5

We got the shoyu ramen and shoyu chashumen. Looking at each bowl side by side, it was hard to tell exactly which one was which, but the soup broth was distinctly different. Again, the shoyu ramen was cleaner tasting, and surprisingly oilier than I remember. The ramen noodles were perfectly prepared this time - not too hard, not too soft, just chewy and right. My wife and I agreed that the shoyu ramen was the favorite between the 2, and I'd say that I'd rate the shoyu ramen a 5/5 (again), and the shoyu chashumen a close 4.5/5 - simply because I like the broth of the shoyu ramen more.  But hey, if you like miso, then you might appreciate the chashumen more.

Next time, I'll try the Tonkotsu Ramen - that is, if I can resist the urge to get the shoyu ramen.
This is pretty good place to grab ramen in UC. It's close to campus, so it's definitely a great spot for students to come if they're craving a nice hearty bowl of ramen. The place is very modern and trendy upon walking in. The layout is nice, and they definitely keep the place clean, which is a huge plus for me. 

I ordered the tonkotsu ramen, which is made with pork bone broth and comes with chashu pork, bamboo shoots, kikurage, and ginger. Overall, I thought the ramen was pretty good! I definitely had better tasting broth but their broth is pretty satisfying also. It's not too fatty, which I actually prefer in my ramen broth but it could be a little more flavorful. The noodles were good though! I'm glad I decided to give this place a try. Definitely will be coming back to satisfy my ramen cravings!
I came back here for the third time.  This time it was because it was super cold outside and I wanted something hot to warm me up.  I dropped by and asked to sit at the bar overlooking the kitchen. 

The food was good as usual, but the primary reason for my review update concerns the cleanliness of the restaurant.  During the 20 minutes or so that I was sitting there, I noticed that the chef was multitasking with his ungloved hands and without washing his hands in between each task.  What was he doing?  Nothing too gross - but he was basically picking up ingredients and dropping them into my soup, cleaning the counter with some towel that I'm sure was not something I want his cooking hands to be contaminated with, cleaning up random empty containers, etc.  

I also noticed the pork was just sitting out on the counter at room temperature - granted, I don't know how long they actually keep it out.  Regardless, it probably should not be placed in a location where someone like me can sneeze and immediately contaminate future customers with my yucky germs.  That's right, if you came in on Wednesday, you and I are probably closer than you think.  Just kidding, I didn't sneeze :)

Having eaten at Philly food trucks and traveled to countries where food cleanliness is the least of my worries, I'm not a "germaphobe."  But, given Ramen Bar's attempt to be a somewhat decent mid-end restaurant, I expected better!

Down one star.
I wasn't sure what to expect when coming to Ramen Bar.  I've read a few friends reviews and saw mixed reactions.  I also had flashbacks to my college days, grabbing those packets of noodle on sale 10 for a dollar, and wondered why I would willingly eat like that after college!

So I finally ended up here last night with a friend and was impressed from start to finish.  The restaurant is more than just clean.  I don't know how to describe it - not fancy, maybe modern?  Regardless, it started out my experience on the right foot.  Service was prompt and polite.  Wanting some spice, I went with the Kara Kara and topped it with a egg.  Food arrived in less than 10 minutes, another plus.  Having heard it might be salty or watered down, I tried it before adding any additional spices and was delighted as is.

Overall, I can't see giving a single bowl of Ramen 5-stars, but it clearly earned 4.  I can't wait to return...
I've been here twice now and had a great experience both times! I got the veggie shoyu ramen both times and requested it with the veggie broth (be sure to request this if you're vegetarian because they can also make it with the meat broth). I added the marinated boiled egg, mushroom ear, and bamboo shoots. The egg was cooked perfectly and the mushroom ear was fabulous, as always. The bamboo shoots were fine but I probably wouldn't get them again--they were a bit too plain for my taste.

I would highly recommend vegetarians to come here. The veggie broth is incredible! I've been to several ramen bars in NYC (Ippudo, Momofuku, Totto, Minca, etc.) and it's always hard to find a good veggie broth, but this place was great. Not sure what they do but I love it! 

I also got the agedashi tofu as an appetizer, which I normally don't like, but my bf loves it so we ordered it. I'm glad we did, because it was fabulous! The breading on it was really good and I would definitely recommend it!

The service was also great. Will definitely be coming back here again!
After frequenting Ramen Bar nearly a dozen times this past year, I felt it was necessary to update my review from my raving fantastic one from opening week to a more realistic picture of what the restaurant has settled to.

Yes, it's still fantastic that they offer vegan ramen with vegan broth, especially in a setting so veg-populated... but even after 9 months, the service is still severely lacking, and the quality of the food is inconsistent.

Also, after trying vegetarian ramen in other settings (unfortunately not in Philly,) I'm not *as* impressed with Ramen Bar's ramen, to be honest. The noodles are great, but the broth is always bland, and I have to add spicy condiments to it. The vegetables aren't always cooked well either.

Ramen Bar is still a decent place if you're looking for a hot bowl of (vegetarian) ramen in University City, but be warned that the service is awkward, the non-ramen dishes bland, and the prices exorbitant.
I'm a huge fan of ramen bars and have frequented the best ones in New York (i.e. Ippudo, Momofuku), so if you're like me and love good ramen, I would pass on this subpar restaurant.

I went on the night it first opened. It was just 2 hours into its grand opening, but it had already managed to run out of most of its appetizers - disappointing. The only promising appetizer was the edamame, which is a very hard dish to mess up. But lo and behold, Ramen Bar managed to completely ruin it for me. When it arrived, it smelled funny. Then I took a bite.. it was revolting. It hit me that it smelled and tasted like dirty socks. I've had edamame at countless restaurants over the years, but never had a single place managed to make it with the stench of dirty socks. We immediately asked for it to be taken back. How can you eat something that's so absolutely disgusting? I completely lost my appetite, and believe the restaurant must have some hygiene issues. I've been to hole-in-the-wall, sketchy looking restaurants and ordered edamame, but never had a place ruined the simplest dish you can have.

I had also ordered their featured ramen, which was very bland and not cooked well. The noodles were hard and did not absorb any flavor from the broth, and the toppings did not taste fresh nor complemented the ramen well at all. It was edible, and I would rate it a generous 2 out of 5 stars.

Overall, I had high expectations for this new restaurant but was severely disappointed and felt sick for the rest of the night after the meal. It tries to completely copy the restaurant concepts (and menus) of Ippudo and Momofuku, but failed miserably. They don't use fresh ingredients, the kitchen doesn't seem clean, and although it's the only ramen bar in the vicinity, its quality is so low that I will not be coming back.
A decent ramen joint in University City? And they have VEGAN RAMEN with VEGAN BROTH?! I'm sold!

Since I've been a vegetarian my entire life, I've always been envious of all my friends who get to slurp down ramen. It's been one of my biggest foodie dreams to finally have a bowl of ramen someday, and Ramen Bar has provided me with that.

My 4 friends and I decided to go to Ramen Bar on a Thursday night around 7:30pm. It was packed! Fortunately, though, we only had to wait about 15 minutes to be seated at the clean, wooden tables. A notable feature abour Ramen Bar is the open kitchen you pass by, where you can see everything the chefs are doing. You can see that they're actually making everything from scratch, in a very clean setting, so that's reassuring.

Since the restaurant is so new, the waitstaff are a bit flustered, but they're extremely friendly and willing to do anything to accomodate the guests. When we were ordering, my friend and I both ordered veggie ramen, and she made sure to ask if we wanted the vegetarian broth (with traces of pork...) or have freshly made vegan broth at no additional charge. Awesome! She also gave our table great recommendations on toppings, and our water was filled fairly regularly.

It took about 20 minutes for our ramen to come out, which was impressive for how crowded the restaurant was. I ordered a Veggie Shoyu Ramen with curly noodles and was extremely impressed by the beautiful presentation and aroma of the dish. The taste was even better! Obviously, I am no ramen snob, and have nothing to compare this ramen to, but aaaahhh finally having veg ramen for the first time in my life!!! To me, the dish was excellent! The addition of sriracha just made it better. All of my friends were really impressed as well, and we had quite a jovial time. I tried my friend's Veggie Miso Ramen with straight noodles, and it was amazing too.

The only downside was that my friend ordered a 2nd order of noodles ($2,) but they didn't come in time, since they're prepared from scratch. However, the kind waitress packed it to-go for him, as well as gave him more complimentary broth, which was appreciated. Also, $8 to $12 for a bowl of ramen is steep, but not steep enough to keep me away from coming back every time my wallet can afford it!

Moral of the story: I'm not sure how good this ramen is for omnivorous ramen snobs, but if you're a vegetarian/vegan dying to finally try ramen, this is the place!
It's about 30 degrees, and all I want is soup!

This place is a nice addition to the area, and I was hoping it would help warm me up with their authentic take on ramen. I ordered the Kara Kara Tonkatsu Ramen because it was in a spicy broth, and I added an extra egg and more pork. (This girl was hungry!).

And then we waited. And waited. Certainly not as fast as getting served pho, but hoping it was worth it! At first sip, I loved the broth. We were given a few bottles of different spices: Shichimi togarashi (red pepper mix), hot sesame oil, and fine ground pepper. You'll need to ask for Sriracha, and please do! I love the taste of sriracha on anything, and it definitely added an extra kick to the ramen. Quite tasty, and the wooden spoon didn't make it too difficult to enjoy.

Decor is simple, service was nice, and you can tell that the focus is definitely on the food. I just didn't like the wait!
I searched high and low for ramen shops in Philly, which aren't plentiful.  Having already tried Terakawa on our last visit, I wanted to explore more.  

Thanks to Yelp and its reviewers, Ramen Bar popped up.  The amount of reviews and average star rating were decent, and best of all, the pics looked great.  

ATMOSPHERE:
It's new, clean, contemporary and modern, with a mix of window-side and interior counter seating, the latter with a view of the open kitchen.  Regular tables and a long single bench with opposite-facing chair seating spans the length of the restaurant.  

MENU:
Japanese apps, salads, 8 flavors of ramen including tsukemen with 12 topping options, curry, tempura, rice, donburi, sushi & desserts.  A small, seasonal summer menu was available with 3 cold ramen salads and cocktails. 

FOOD:
Gyoza - The 5 pieces were tiny compared to other shops and weren't seared enough to my liking but, the filling had a really good flavor and married well with the dipping sauce.  If you're a gyoza fan and always have to try them like myself, I say go for it.  It's worth the $6. 

Ebi Tempura - Contrary to the menu description, the homemade dish also included veggie tempura of broccoli, onion, zucchini and pumpkin in addition to the 3 pieces of shrimp.  The batter was light, crunchy, and not oily.  What a steal at $7! 

Shoyu Ramen - The broth in this version and the Chashumen are the same.  It's a mix of tonkotsu & shoyu, which turns the broth a medium brown color.  The flavor was exactly how I had imagined and was excited to try, a creamy-savory mix with a nice medium depth.  The noodles were cooked chewy.  The single piece of charsiu was really tasty and extremely tender... Yes!  It also came with bamboo shoots, sliced ear mushrooms, green onions, fish cake, and oddly red pickled ginger which I immediately removed because the flavor was bleeding into the broth, yuck.  I added a marinated egg which was sliced in half, not too flavorful, and was slightly overdone, borderline hard boiled.  Overall, very much recommended for the shoyu broth fan looking for something different. 

SERVICE:
Initials "CK" was our male server.  He wasn't too smiley and we didn't receive a greeting, just a blank stare.  I don't think he had bad intentions but he's just not the best person to have wait on tables, personality wise.  He did answer my burning question about the shoyu broths though. 

A female sitting at the counter across from us who I thought was another patron working on her laptop, stood up and handed us our beers, then went back to work.  Okay...

At the end of our meal, our server along with another employee were eating at the counter facing the kitchen, and a kitchen worker was eating towards the back of the restaurant.  This is one of my biggest pet peeves so I had to mention it which is so unprofessional.  Thank goodness there were no servers counting their tips in public!?  

On a positive note, they did serve customers who came in near closing time with no attitude. 

OVERALL:
Nice digs, a unique twist on the traditional shoyu broth, good value, oddball service.
Been to NY and Thailand to try out the best of ramen and i am glad that this new Ramen Bar is up there. 2 thumbs up to the chef!!!!! My favorite bowl would be Kara Kara Tonkotsu Ramen...
Is it me or is everyone else nit-picking? I came here two-three times and each time was a memorable experience. The atmosphere is the atmosphere of an upscale restaurant and the presentation of everything is definitely professional. Everything here seems ultra-authentic; from loud and energetic "Irrashaimase!" to the wooden spoons, something about this place just puts it a step above than an ordinary Ramen joint!  

For those who never came here, let me help you out a little bit. Start yourself off with unsweetened iced green tea, then for appetizers get the RB Burgers or the Tori Kara-age, and then finish everything off with a big bowl of Kara Kara Ramen with extra Chashu (you'll thank me later for this)

I can't wait until my next visit....... and my next, and my next and so fourth. YUM:)
This place is aight.

I love the atmosphere. It's honestly a place that I could see myself hanging out and having a beer or ten. I would start doing that if it was in a more central location in Philly.

Therein lies the rub. Tried a few things here. Two kinds of ramen, their pork buns, an order of sieumai, and maybe something else - they were all good. But, 40-dollar-meal-for-two-people good, before tip? Err...

Don't get me wrong. You'll love the ramen. It's prepared almost al dente, with just a little bite so that it still retains its noodley flavor (that IS a thing, whitey), even when steeped in hot pork broth. Plus, they put a ton of goodies in it, like pickled ginger, tree ear mushrooms, bamboo shoots, thick, tender cuts of pork loin, fish cakes, and a stewed egg.

But damn, if that's worth 14 bucks. I just can't get over the price. It's not like I'm hurting for money. But the thing is, I can get a bowl of pho - not the same thing, I know, because in my opinion pho is a superior soup - for five bucks in Chinatown.

In that sense, I feel like I'm paying for atmosphere. But there are lots of places with kickass atmosphere in this town.

Ramen bar, I want to love you. I ain't sayin' she a gold digger, but...
Wow. Where do I begin? Things started off fine. I came here for happy hour. The rum and coke tasted great. I order appetizers right away because I got there at 6 and the happy hour is only until 6:30pm. 

My friend arrived and we sat and ate appetizers and then... a roach just decided to join us for dinner. Not my first time seeing a ROACH, but I shrieked because who expects that at a restaurant!? The waiter happened to be standing there and witnessed it crawl up my friend's cellphone. Did he do anything? No, just watched it crawl away. Either way, he looked like he wasn't a fan of roaches either, which is maybe why he just stood there. 

Being that this is an eating establishment, I could have really freaked out, but I kept cool and just decided I should let their management know about this. I flagged down another server to ask for a manager. He told me there was NO MANAGER on staff that night. (Scratching my head at that moment because I always was under the impression that restaurants operated with a shift manager at the very least). Anyway, I was lowkey about telling him, but his reaction about the roach was very blase. "They just come in from outside because of the heat, we spray, that's all we can do is spray for them." I just nodded, but the more I sat there and the more it all marinated, the more I thought about how that explanation was really not enough. He might as well have said they named the roaches and they are Ramen Bar pets. It was a real blase reaction, and he almost seemed irritated that I'd even tell him about it.

Add to that, the tempura was just OK. The dumplings were just OK. The best thing was the Korean fried chicken but that was about the time of the arrival of the roach. By the way, they had us pay full price for our appetizers and drinks. Not coming back here.

UPDATE: The manager who I spoke with the next day was very gracious and offered to help rectify the issue. She said she would speak to the waiter, and said that she would not have know about my experience had I not said anything. She was very kind and actually seemed to be genuinely apologetic. So there was a good outcome after all of this.
First of all, we had to wait about half an hour. When we got seated, it took the waitress about 10 minutes to bring us water and greet us. We ordered Gyoza and that was pretty good. When the ramen came, it def looked better than it tasted. It's probably the worst ramen I've ever had. The broth wasn't even close to good and the pork was very dry and chewy. We were very disappointed. The food and service is very poor.
PROS: Well-composed ramen bowls (lots of vegetables and different textures)
CONS: Limited vegetarian selection, no seafood selection

As a well-seasoned noodle soup consumer, it probably takes more than your average bowl of noodle and broth to impress me. I was quite pleased with the flavors of the vegetarian broths at Ramen Bar. The price is a bit ridiculous, though. Also, I wish they had more of a seafood selection. Anyhow, I may return when the winter nights get too cold.
Yuck! 

I'm not giving them one star because I actually didn't order the ramen so I don't know if it's good but based off my experience I don't think I'll be going back. 

I ordered the beef over rice and the rice was super soggy and the beef was super dry. It also came with a hard boiled egg on top which wasn't too pleasing and tasted kind of old. 

The service was slow, our server was okay and the portions were decent. Overall, if you're trying to get ramen, maybe this is the place to go? But if you're looking for Asian cuisine and don't need Ramen, I don't suggest this place.
I've been unfair to you Ramen Bar. You have all the hallmarks of places I love. Good food, good drinks, good atmosphere. I just did you the uncoolness of comparing you to value spots in west Philly where I can get way too much food for five dollars.

You have a pretty underrated happy hour, in my opinion. Your drinks are fly and there are some kickass snacks up for sale from 5 to 6:30ish.

Plus - and this is the most important part - I'm here regularly. And I never go home unhappy. That's what counts, don't it?

Ramen is something difficult to do well, and you got it, cuz. I'm squarely a fan.
I came in with a group of 5 and it as jam packed. But fortunately we were first in line and it only took 10mins to seat us. And so, my buddy runs to his car and brings in our case of beer as they are still pending liquor license.

2 more of our friends show up and luck would have it with us, the table to the right finishes up and we politely ask the waiter if we can combine that table with us. She agreed and all 7 of us sat comfortably. 

I'm a Ramen snob and from what I read here, people always brings up Ippudo ( - 5/5 for them) as if that's the benchmark? What a bunch of newbs, but let me move on. I've lived in Japan, tried ramen in thailand, germany and all across of the US. I'll break down the food for you first.

I ordered two bowls of Ramen. The Tonkotsu Ramen, and the Kara Kara Ramen. By the time I finished my first beer, our food came. Can't say how long that was as I was with good company and not thinking about time.

Tonkotsu Ramen:
Broth -  My first impression was wow, it's quite flavorful with good texture. A few more sips, I concluded that it had a little too much salt for favoring. I think if they reduce the salt, the broth is splendid.
Noodle - They used a thin style noodle which to me is unorthodox Ramen style noodle. It was cooked for a little too long and came out too soft, tasted a little buttery? Like I had powder left over in my mouth. The noodles was the weakest point, but then I found out that you can get the thicker more traditional noodles, of which I will do next time.
Chashu - I bite into it and it was good. I liked it. No complaints really. Only suggestion is cook it just like longer to make it more tender. I just felt a little more resistance than I wanted, but not enough to make me think twice. 
Overall - 4/5 (my rating is as follows: Broth hold the most weight, then noodle, then toppings)

KaraKaraRamen:
Broth - My feelings are conflicted here. I want to like it, but something is nagging me. After going through the bowl, I realize what it is. CONFLICT. It's trying to be Tonkotsu flavored and Spicy flavored at the same time, but the flavors do not compliment each other, rather it is like a tug of war. It wasn't bad, it just wasn't good.
Noodle - same noodle, see my comments above.
Chashu - see my comments above.
Overall - 3/5 - Personally from my experience, I think in order to make a spicy style ramen work, you must start with a softer texture base and the tonkotsu base here was a little too heavy, which resulted in the conflict.

My sister ordered the Takoyaki, of which I really liked a lot! Yummy! =) 

Decor (5/5): If you know Ramen, you know ramen is a poor man's food. In the old days, you hand wooden stands and stools and a wooden counter you ate at with complete view of the chef making your ramen. I thought Ramen Bar did really well in this area.

- Open kitchen. We can see exactly how our food is being prepared and who's doing what. This gives me a comfort of mind to know that my food is not being...messed with! Plus, it follows tradition.
- All wood. This was a BIG PLUS for me. All wood is huge, and it's a light tone, with good lighting. It follows that nature scheme without being pretentiousness.
- Bar and stool front facing seating. This is a must have for me at any ramen bar. This caters to the traveler eaters that eats alone. And I travel for a living, so when I see seating like this, I love it. I don't feel so...lonely when I'm trying out Ramen.

Overall - Ramen Bar comes off as a modern take with simplistic design principles that really brings out the Japanese culture. I like it a lot.

Service (4/5) - To put it simply, the service is Reactive, rather than Proactive. Whenever we needed something, a waiter was within reach. But they are not proactive in the sense that they will keep checking up on you to see if everything is okay. This is fine with me as I'm used to asian restaurants. Take a look at the restaurants in chinatown, service is freaking horrible, but do you hear people complaining? They don't because they have grown used to it. I have no qualms with calling a waiter over when I need something. But yes, I think service can improve, but I know they are just student waiters so I'm giving them some slack. 

Overall - I see potential in Ramen Bar. I believe it can be something great as long as it continues to ask for feedback and improve on it. It may be a 3/5 overall, but I'm going to give it a 4/5 for the fact that I have tried Ramen Boy, Yakitori and Nom Nom and from an overall delivery, from design, cleanliness, service and food, they are the best in Philly and offers the most room for improvements. Oh, and a great location to boot with easy parking for me. I hate finding parking in chinatown or rittenhouse square. I have yet to try Terakawa. Doing that tomorrow.
Ok, I've been here about 8 times since it opened about two years ago. The quality of the ramen is about 3.5 stars, as I am satisfied with the tonkotsu here in terms of flavor (though I personally prefer tonkotsu with a heavier mouthfeel and overall thicker viscosity). The noodles, a-okay, with good springiness and weight. 

The problem is that since it opened, I've noticed that the chashu (braised pork) in the tonkotsu chashu ramen has been getting less in quantity and thinner in slice. I don't care if costs are going up. Charge me extra, but don't skimp on the main element of the dish. It seems that the owner and chef has decided to deliver less on account of costs, and for me, that is the ultimate betrayal.

If you are looking for a bowl of noodles, come here. If you want a proper ramen, go else where.  

And that is why I'm giving a 2 star review.
I've been coming into ramen bar for a couple years now. the ramen is always spectacular, along with the rolls. 

Unfortunately, I can no longer say this with what I saw yesterday (12/03/18). We were seated by our server and given drinks with a perfect explanation of the happy hour. I looked up at the older chef who was working on the ramen. He was testing the ramen in a bowl by drinking out of the bowl, then simply pouring the left over ramen that he was trying BACK IN THE GIANT POT OF BROTH USED FOR THE REST OF THE NIGHT!! Absolutely disgusting. I then decided to get sushi instead. thinking I would be in the clear. I then watched the sushi chef sneeze all over the role that was the handed to me. I told the server and she offered to generosity have my roll remade. I told her it was okay and pushed the roll away. 10 minutes later, we witnessed the ramen chef, ben (server told me his name) yell at the servers over things that were not their fault. then proceeding to yell about customers that were sitting right in front of them. the servers at this restaurant are not treated well at all. if you stop in, evaluate how the chefs treat the servers. it is very unethical and I am very surprised that these chefs still work there. The chefs do not prepare the food a sanitary way. I will not be returning. I hope you don't either.
I suppose it's unfair that I'm comparing this place to the ramen joints in NYC, but the ramen at Ramen Bar is lackluster. The noodles are really unpleasant and almost seem to leave a starchy residue in the soup. This completely diluted the tonkotsu ramen soup and negated what little flavor it had. The price tag also seemed a bit high, especially for the restaurant's target audience--students.

While it's nice to have more variety in food choices in the University City area, I would not consider this place authentic or even average in terms of its namesake item. I was told that service was decent only because I went when it wasn't busy. Otherwise, prepare yourself for lots of confusion.
At this point, Ramen Bar's saving grace is their green tea fried ice cream and some of their rolls (I say 'some' because I haven't had all).  

The Tom Yum Ramen was awful.  Absolutely awful.  It smelled like rancid sewage - essentially rendering it unpalatable.  I waited for my boyfriend to finish his tonkotsu and transferred my Tom Gross noodles to the his broth.  

Our server? What server?  He took our order and says Tom Yum was his favorite (to each his own) and never came back - did not follow up, refill water, did not give the check.  He literally did nothing besides take our order.  

Oh, restaurant service etiquette 101:  you give the check THEN take the card.  Just because a card is sitting on the table doesn't mean you can just snatch it, especially NOT without presenting the bill.
(vegan review)

they actually point out on the menu what's vegan and what's not; it's pretty much down to miso ramen or shoyu (soy sauce) ramen. i went with the miso, since i would imagine the soy sauce ramen to be not too far off from oriental-flavor oodles of noodles.

i thought it was great! it definitely was a hearty bowl, it felt about worth it for $9 or whatever. i don't think i'll be coming here in the summer but i'd love to go back before the winter's over.
This ramen bathes your blood in SALT.  Despite the liters of water I consumed in conjunction to prevent feeling parched, my sodium hangover was inevitable.  Unfortunately for us customers, less salt is not a modification we can request.  Dear Ramen Bar, take note and I will visit again.

Still, the scene is pleasantly cozy and they keep the place clean.
Five stars. Why? Can't think of any negatives. I'm disappointed at the low star reviews. "No disposable chopsticks." "No one picked up the phone." Really? Reviews like this are the reason why people are absolutely killing the usefulness Yelp.

Had the Zenbu No Se. It was .. $15? Great presentation, great broth, good meat, and I loved the thin noodles. The girlfriend had the vegetarian ramen. This was one of the better vegetarian broths she's tried. Great service, clean restaurant, no wait, and they have a TV which they show sports on! What's not to like? Agedashi tofu - I've had better, but not worth arbitrarily docking a star.

We've got some background exploring ramen.. We've been searching for the best ramen in NYC (it's Ippudo, if anyone is curious), and I've tried most of the ramen places in and around San Francisco. This place is good. Go here.
A friend and I decided to check out Ramen Bar on our lunch break on a weekend.  It was really good!  Way better than other ramen places in Center City.  Wish we'd tried it sooner.

I tried their original ramen with extra pork and an egg (Tonkotsu Chashumen), and it was amazing!  This one had thin noodles that were almost like angel hair pasta, which was new for me.  It was really light and delicious.  The broth was very flavorful, smooth and tasty.  I also liked that they put a lot of different toppings in the broth, not just the noodles and meat (the menu says the toppings were: menma, kikurage, red
pickled ginger, sesame, scallions and drizzled with roasted garlic oil).  Finally, the meat was really good quality and really good.  I'm glad I asked for extra because it was totally worth the $2 extra.

Great service - the waiters were really attentive and nice when we said we were in a bit of a rush.  I'll be back!
When you walk into the Ramen Bar everyone -- the manager, the wait staff and kitchen crew -- joins together in a chorus of loud Japanese welcomes.  Not knowing that "irasshaimase" means "welcome to our place" instead of "your hat is on fire" may make the experience a little disconcerting the first time it happens, so be prepared.  

The ambience is decidedly West Elm; the customer base indubitably Penn.  A young Chinese woman sat across from a Japanese graduate student two tables away from us and closed her chat with a piquant observation: "It's colder here than it is in Japan.  Back home I can get through the winter without ever looking unfashionable."  Yes, it was a little like a conversation out of a New Yorker cartoon.  

This being University City there's a lot of poured concrete in this long and narrow restaurant.  The stylish light-toned wood on the walls does little to mask the background noise, which can be quite distracting.  You'll hear everything that's going on around you, including the surrounding table talk and occasional crashes in the open stainless steel kitchen.  Ramen Bar is intimate but it's anything but quiet.  

The wait staff are attentive -- unless they're not, which happens.  The lunch crowd was thin the first time we visited.  There were more waiters on hand than were needed.  They lolled and chatted among themselves over near the register and had to be hailed because they were a little bored.  You'll find them to be much more diligent on busy nights when Ramen Bar is overworked and understaffed.  

The food is excellent.  I haven't eaten such really good, really fresh ramen since I last visited a favorite noodle house in Kyoto Prefecture.  The shumai were delicate and flavorful -- slightly sweet with an almost airy texture.  The pork cutlets in my soup were a little on the chewy side but the rest of the ingredients were fresh and delicious.  There isn't an unreliable dish on the menu.
Very Good.  

I went here on a Saturday night with two friends.  It was busy but not so crowded that you couldn't sit and eat comfortably.  The service was friendly, nice and efficient.  One friend had Shoyu Ramen and my other friend and I both had Tonkotsu Chashumen and we shared an order of Takoyaki and finished with a shared bowl of Green Tea Ice Cream.  Everything was delicious and according to my Japanese friend who was with us....pretty authentic except she would have preferred it a little hotter (temperature).

The portions are good so while we thought we would have to kae-dama () (ask for a noodle refill)...we were all pretty full a minute or two after finishing our bowls.  There was barely enough room left for the ice cream..but we found some.  BTW, I believe the refill is only $2-3, so if you have room left....go for it.  The prices are good and it's a welcome new addition to the Philly food scene.  Now if we could only get a few of these in center city.

I will definitely go back.
Before you walk into ramen bar, you should tell your mind that you are not walk into a bar. It's a noodle house or restaurant .

Ramen bar in Japan is more similar to ramen stand. People sit next to the chief, look at his cooking then serve it to you.

At ramen bar you can still see a bar table next to kitchen, but the feeling is very different.

I would say "Ramen Bar" is a very modernized Asian restaurant. Their ramen is very close to traditional ramen but you can still taste the differences.

The default noodle they use is not traditional yellow curvy ramen noodle (but you can order it). so it's a bit confuse at first. Once you taste the broth and pork (chashu) then you would realize the flavor is actually very good.

Some Japanese ramen houses tend to use bone powder to make soup very quick. But "Ramen Bar" keeps it's quality very good. So the broth taste very nature. One thing keeps in mind is, when their kitchen is busy they may add more water into soup. So the ramen broth may taste less rich during peak hour.

Their ramen doesn't feature any particular ramen style in Japan such as Kyushu ramen or Hokkaido ramen. However the basic set of Shio, Tonkitsu, Shoyu should be able to satisfy your desire.
The food here is about three stars, but the service is definitely ONE. It takes away from an otherwise decent ramen place. 

The first time I came here, the waiters actually forgot about my table. We were seated, given menus by the host, and then completely forgotten about. No water. Nobody coming by the table. Just... sitting there waiting for fifteen, twenty minutes until the HOST spotted us and came by to get our orders. 

After that, we just waited some more until we grabbed a passing busboy to give us water. When we eventually got our food, the waiter just plunked down the dishes and kept walking, not even asking to make sure it was actually our order -- which, btw, mine wasn't. But at that point we were so hungry we just ate what came. 

The food was pretty good; broth was flavorful and the noodles good and chewy. But the way we were treated took all the enjoyment out of eating it! Nobody came by even after that to check if our food was okay or anything.

After we ate, we decided not to wait for our non-existent waiter to come and get our check, so we just went straight to the host to pay. I tried to explain my food wasn't what I ordered and so I didn't want to pay for the add-ons that I didn't receive. He told me he didn't know how to take things off the check, so could I please just pay the amount and he'd give me more change back? 

Ramen Bar, please get your business together. You could be good, but instead you're just aggravating.
I came here for the first time in years, with low expectations, and am still giving this place a "solid" three stars.

The restaurant itself has a lovely atmosphere, with an open kitchen and wood paneling. There is always ample space as well, and they are accommodating with reservations.

The food price to quality/quantity ratio is extremely mediocre, however. The prices are very high for the amount of ramen you get; I finished my bowl within 5 minutes, and the soup was lacking as well. I always get the Kara Kara for the spice and the pork, but I always have to add more chili spices, and they now only give you one measly piece of chatsu pork. I did order a happy hour drink, which was worth it as it was a $5 sake bomb, but others at my table ordered the specialty cocktails and couldn't finish them because they tasted like flavored water. The $4 whiskey sour seemed like a good deal, though, with a pretty high alcoholic content. 

Dessert, especially the fried ice cream, is delicious, but also extremely expensive. Come if you want to splurge on food and are too lazy to leave UCity...but there are so many other places where you can order more delicious Japanese food and drinks.
Overall 2 stars.. but a few reasons so I'll break it down for you. 

I did give them the opportunity to impress me twice before I reviewed so this is a two visit review.

Food: 3.5-4 stars
I cannot remember the name at the time but my bf and I got the first thing on the menu, and then the other $10 one shoyu I think our first visit. It was pretty good. The first bite was great, delicious and full of flavor. But lacking in something that made me want to finish my meal. 
Yesterday I went back with a group and I got the vegetable miso ramen and the taste was 4 stars for this.. but it may have been affected by the following...(we were starving by the time we got our food)

Service/Wait time - 1 to 2 stars at most
- My bf and I waited for 40 minutes for our food. Come on enow
- Yesterday, a group of 14 of us arrived after making reservations on Thursday night. We arrived and they said they " lost our reservation". Really? Good job guys. So we had to wait. They did seat us and were friendly, but this is where there service is inexperienced. They are NICE, but new.. absolutely new. 6 of us had napkins/chopsticks, the others did not. Another server came over to hand us menus because she noticed we didn't have any. 
After ordering, we waited... ONE HOUR. Yes i said it, ONE FULL HOUR to receive all our food. And they were completely inconsistent. My friend sitting next to me received her food 30 minutes before the last of our group received theirs. I do commend the sever for getting my order correctly because I specifically asked for no pickled onions or fungus and they were not in my order, Thank you. That's why this is a 2 star not 1 star review.

Overall summary? The fried chicken appetizer is dry - don't get it. The ramen is pretty good, honestly quite good. But I would NOT go back for maybe another 6 months to see if their service has improved. The food is good. But the service is completely inexperienced. NICE, but inexperienced. ONE HOUR WAIT + losing reservations + half of us not having utensils + (i forgot to mention they moved us again after we were seated ..)  = they need more time to improve. They have promise, but for now.. I will wait for them to change certain things. If I wasn't with a group, I would have left after 20 minutes.

Tip : they are CASH ONLY right now. Which is a big pet peeve of mine. I know asian restaurants love this shit, but come on its 2012. There are commercials about square card readers. Homeless people can get that stuff. Plus, I know that certain companies only take 2-3% of the profit.. I don't respect businesses as much that value their profit over convenience of their customers. But that's just my personal opinion.
I don't have any complains about the food here but the level and speed of service is horrendous, especially if you're in a group of 4 or more. The last time I was here at noon, my table of 4 did not get our ramen till 1.05pm and the service staff was not friendly/nice about the delay either. Today, there are other tables that got their ramen before our table of 6 did and my friend who had a similar prior experience was told that the chef deprioritizes orders from larger tables. That sucks!
Just had a terrible experience here. Food was okay, not great, and the service was poor, as you'd expect from opening weekend, but the how they handled the following situation was atrocious.

My girlfriend ordered ramen, I ordered a rice dish. After a 5 minute wait, my girlfriend got her ramen. Things were looking good. Then, five minutes later, they told me hat they had ran out of rice and asked if I wanted something else. Yes, five minutes AFTER my girlfriend got her food, they told me they had to put in a new order for me. That order must've gotten written down wrong, or they gave my food to someone else (none of the waitresses were remembering orders, just going around asking "did you order this" and giving it to them if you said yes), because I had to remind three different people what I ordered. Finally, 30 minutes after my girlfriend had gotten her food, I was served my ramen. Needless to say, her food was both cold and nearly finished before I had any food in front of me. I ended up scarfing down the meal because I had an appointment that I needed to keep, and I hadn't expected the meal to take nearly an hour. 

In the end, I asked for a discount, and the waitress took the check and gave me 10% off the meal ($2)... For a $12 bowl of ramen that was served half an hour late, I didn't think it was enough (a complimentary bowl would have been nice), but as I said, I was in a hurry and didn't have time to complain anymore.  Needless to say, we probably won't be returning anytime soon.
I liked ramen bar! I think it's a great addition to the area & I will definitely frequent it during the colder months! I know little to nothing of the 'authenticity' associated with ramen but I know everything about taste... And it tasted damn good. 

We had the pan fried pork dumplings to start which were flavorful & cooked perfectly (just the right amount of char from that pan fry).

I ordered the shoyu ramen with a marinated hard boiled egg. Next time, I'll skip the marinated egg & get more pork! The pork was delicious & so tender it practically fell apart in my mouth. 

My fellow-ramen goers both got the tonkotsu ramen, which was also very tasty BUT I preferred the shoyu broth to the tonkotsu. I did like the thinner, straight noodles of the tonkotsu better than the shoyu's slightly thicker, curly noodles though...

The portions were generous & the price is right (although I wouldn't complain if they were lower...)! The atmosphere is exactly what I would want out of a ramen bar... Sleek & modern, but still oddly cozy. 

One major complaint:  the music was too loud & borderline obnoxious... I would prefer a more low-key, soothing tune while slurping on some noodles...

&an inquiry;  Take-out??? I want ramen on the go!
Hello, it's the ramen snob again. See my previous ramen reviews if you like. I'm gonna follow my own general template for ramen places. I've been here twice now on a Sat and Sun (yes, back to back). First, the non-factors but still worth mentioning. 

- Wait time for food was slow and took about 20 min to show up. Yes, it's opening week so some leeway is to be expected. 

- Service is friendly and cheerful but not super "professional" in that things are pretty disorganized. Whether or not that's the fault of management or servers themselves, I don't know. 

- Decor was nice. Felt hip and minimal at the same time. Plenty of loud music. Felt like a well-lit Ippudo.

- Plenty of space and tables.

******  On to the food

Broth - 1st visit I went with tonkotsu. Broth was light but creamy in texture. It was an interesting combination that I don't recall ever having. Good for certain folks, but I want a stronger flavor in soup base. 2nd visit I got the spicy tonkotsu broth. I don't know why I ever get spicy versions of anything because it just kills any sense of "flavor".   5/10.

Noodles - both times I got straight. Taste-wise they seem pretty standard. They were relatively chewy, which isn't my preference (I learned things are semi customizable after my 2nd visit).   4/10.

Cha-shu -  Both times, the pork was flat out not good. Clearly they bothered to roll what appeared to be pork belly but didn't cook it anywhere near long enough because it was much too chewy and way too lean.  Thickness of the pork was too thick also (may be a preference thing again). Moreover, quantity of cha shu seemed less than I'm used to as well.         1/10

Toppings - Came with red ginger, menma, and a slice of naruto. Don't remember any nori sheets either (which I thought was standard usually). Egg is a dollar extra. Corn is an option too - maybe a first in Philadelphia?  4/10. 

Price - Basically NYC prices, which is too high due to *not* being in NYC and current food is not worthy of the better ramen found in NYC.  Yes, it's UPenn, but it's still a college campus and the more value-oriented customer may not bite.   3/10

****** 

Oftentimes, I need at least one strong element out of the 5 listed above for me to be satisfied. 

Unfortunately, they did not deliver and overall I give them a 2.5/5 stars (if that was available). They have potential if the waitress was correct in saying your ramen broth and noodles are customizable. However, their pork preparation/style needs fixing - reduce slice thickness significantly and increase fattiness slightly/moderately (or have a fatty slice option if you want to retain the lean cuts for other customers).

A strong effort by the young chef, but things need improvement. Would I return anytime soon?  Not likely. Terakawa is by and large my go-to ramen spot now and I happen to live only a few minutes of walking distance away. I'd recommend people to make the trip out to smelly Chinatown and give it a chance.
I think that, all things being equal, I would have given Ramen Bar a 3, but the prices here are pretty outrageous. My friend and I came in for lunch and paid $40 (with tip) for 2 ramen bowls with no drinks. Perhaps it's just aesthetically offensive to pay that much for a food that triggers thoughts of 10-cent noodle packs, but here is the thing: there are at least 3 places on campus where you can get better noodles for a fraction of the price. I would recommend going to Sang Kee before coming here any day. 

That said, the food is not bad; in fact, it's tasty. But not $20-for-lunch tasty. 

Our server was fairly aloof, too, and didn't really take the time to explain the menu or anything. So I can't really mark up for service. 

The ambiance is nice enough. It has a very clean, austere feel to it. 

If you come here and go solely by the food, you will not be disappointed. If you calculate in any kind of value proposition, you might be...
My review of the Ramen Bar is EXTREMELY POOR!!
After waiting for the ramen to come out for about 30 minutes, i asked my waitress if the food my wife and i ordered takes longer than usual, she told me she didn't know and then walked away. 5 minutes later, seeing 6 tables that have seated after us got their food, I asked her if she had forgotten to put my order in and she told me she had "forgotten" to put my order in and that she would put it in now.... and then walked away.    
So about 40 minutes on waiting for an appetizer, a bowl of Ramen and other dish, our food was NEVER ordered and apparently no one at the restaurant thought someone should have appologized for what had happened.
I called the waitress and asked if there is a manager on duty and she told me "there isn't anyone here you can talk to right now" and walked away. I WAS PRETTY MAD. 
When I insisted on talking to someone in charge, becasue the waitress was keep telling me "there isn't anything she could do or to call", she got me this asian lady and she wasn't even wearing a uniform and she was in hurry to go somewhere.
So when I was "TRYING" to tell this asian lady what had just happened, she simply told me we will get the food out soon and they would give us 20% off on the tab... 
AT THIS POINT I WAS FURIOUS.
She treated me like i was putting on this "show" to get the food cheap or something cause instead of listening to what I had to say, she just heard what she wanted to hear and just walked away like how waitress had treated us.
When my wife and I got up to walk out, that's when our appetizer comes out... they are such a great establishment.
I WOULD NEVER GO BACK TO THIS ESTABLISHMENT AS LONG AS THERE ARE OTHER RESTAURANTS AROUND... ANY RESTAURANT.
Decent ramen, good vibes, and good service. This spot near Penn is not bad for a nice Saturday day outside with friends and cousins and it's large enough to accommodate larger groups. I like how this ramen place is modern with its large glass windows to allow for maximum natural light to stream in, without overdoing it with the Japanese-style architecture.

I wouldn't say this is the best ramen in town (I would say in Philly, Hiro is the best) but it's decent enough to swing by if you're in the area and craving ramen.

I would say if you're from LA, then you'd be disappointed no matter where you go in the East Coast for Japanese ramen cause there's nothing like (in the States at least) ramen from a super cramped and crowded Japanese ramen spot in Little Tokyo. I think Toronto has the best Japanese food in North America though.

Parking can be a pain especially on Saturdays and Sundays so plan accordingly.

Parking: Limited free 2 hour street parking or metered street parking
Price: $12+
Wait: 10 mins
I used to really enjoy going to this place, especially if I was in a large group as the space is fairly accommodating. However, my past few visits have been rather disappointing due to poor service and blah food. 

For my most recent visit, I called making a reservation about a week in advance for around twenty people, since I was taking my floor of residents out for dinner. Ramen Bar said it was fine, and then I called again on the day of, a couple of hours before the dinner, to make sure the reservation was still good. I had also sent pictures of the restaurant menu to my residents so that they could decide ahead of time what they wanted in order to respect everyone's busy schedules and save time. However, when we arrived, the servers at Ramen Bar informed us that they had no space and we would have to wait around 20 minutes at the door! I was baffled at how this could even happen, and they said it was because another large group that they hadn't been expecting had arrived just a little before us, so we would have to wait a while. Again, I was shocked and displeased that they wouldn't honor our reservation, so I insisted that we be seated as soon as possible and that if they had let us know ahead of time that our reservation would mean nothing, I would have picked another place in the area (which is true). Even though our wait time was fortunately not overly long, the point is that our reservations meant nothing and had the restaurant been just a little more busy, we could have had to wait a very long time. The waiters/waitresses were apologetic about their lack of professionalism, but we did not receive ANY compensation for our time or inconvenience (something like free dessert or whatnot would have been nice) and we were still charged an automatic 20% group tip. 

On top of all of this, I really think their ramen quality has actually degenerated over time and it has become decidedly unpalatable. The ramen was unnecessarily salty yet flavorless, and I couldn't even finish my bowl even though I was pretty hungry. I remember it being a lot better previously - perhaps the chef or prep method has changed? 

I would imagine that with more ramen competitors coming into the area, that Ramen Bar would try to step up its game a little more.
Have been to ramen bar 10+ times. Can get quite packed and making reservations is a good idea, especially for large groups. Prices are a little high. 

Ramen is expensive for what you get, and frankly, was somewhat flavorless to me. I was not impressed by the chicken ramen, and my go-to is either the Miso or the Tonkotsu. These are alright, but lacking toppings compared to other places I've gone to in NYC/NJ. I keep coming back and keep getting disappointed. 

The appetizers are where it's at though. During happy hour, they're all basically three dollars. I cannot recommend the buns and the chicken karaage. The chicken is literally so delicious - moist on the inside, crispy, and perfectly seasoned. The lemon makes it even more wonderful. A must get. 

I have tried some of the other stuff on the menu as well. I was very disappointed by the curry chicken katsu; the curry was lacking in flavor and the chicken just wasn't good. The unagi rice bowl was DELICIOUS, though a bit expensive. Have not tried the sushi. 

The vibe is super hip and trendy, and definitely a little bougie. It's really nice to go to as a one-on-one date! 

tl;dr - go for the appetizers (chicken karaage) during happy hour, skip the underwhelming ramen, enjoy the vibe for the somewhat higher price tag.
This is such a great addition to the University City neighborhood. The ramen here is great. The noodles have a nice chewy consistency, while the pork is both chewy and soft. I usually get the Tonkatsu Chashumen with a marinated, boiled egg and it hits all the right notes, especially on a cold winter day. The broth is salty and layered with pork flavor, the pork has a nice layer of fat running through it, and the noodles have the strength to stand up to the hearty soup. The Kara Kara ramen is also good, with a spicier, nutty broth and ground pork meat mixed in. If you're with a group, you should also try the RB Burger that reminds me of a meatier, porky version of peking duck, or the tempura appetizer that has a light tempura coating.

The service here is uber attentive. When you walk in the door, there is already someone to greet you, and I have never had to wait more than a few minutes for a table, even on a Saturday night. My water glass was filled multiple times throughout the meal, and the staff seemed very knowledgeable about the dishes being served.

The ambience is casually elegant. The ceiling has exposed pipes/vents, and there's lots of wood used throughout the long and narrow restaurant. There's also an open, stainless steel kitchen where you can see your ramen being prepared and assembled.

Overall, this is a great place to come with a group or even by yourself. The food is great, but be warned that it's not super cheap. A bowl of ramen will run you about $12, but worth the price tag when you want to warm up with a good bowl of noodle soup.
I'd give them a higher score but they DON'T DO CARRYOUT RAMEN. 

They are called Ramen Bar, and you can carry out anything on their menu that isn't ramen. That's ridiculous - who is going to Ramen Bar to get takeout and doesn't want freaking ramen?! 

They make one of the better tonkotsu bowls - I especially dig their spicy one - but not being able to get it to go means they lose us to Nom Nom or Terakawa pretty often. Which is what happened tonight, and we are on our way to Nom Nom as we speak to grab dinner to bring home. 

Makes no sense, guys. Do like everyone else - noodles and toppings in a container with a separate container of broth. We combine them hot at home and deliciousness is had by all. 

Give me my ramen to go!
I went to the Ramen Bar for lunch with my niece Tanisha and her friend James yesterday. The RB is a bright and shiny straight through restaurant with an open kitchen and really cool piped in music.
It was late afternoon so it wasn't crowded at all. A lovely young server seated us and handed  us menus. My niece and I have a long history of eating together because we share a fondness for non-tradittional foods. Naturally the first appetizer we gravitated to was the Octopus ball (ha ha thats singular funny guy)  We also ordered the Chilled Seaweed salad,  Pot Stickers and those hot soy bean thingys that I have trouble spelling. 
The Octopus ball was da bomb!  To a big guy,  it was bite sized,  and when I bit down on the crunchy outer coating,  it exploded with a soft, gooey inside with a clump of fresh chewy Octopus. A real treat!  All the appetizers were good and for our entrée, we all ordered bowls of Ramen Noodles.  I got the spicy one with the pork and it was flavorful and filling.  The server asked me if it was too spicy for me and I replied "No,  but if you stick your finger in it,  I'm sure it will heat up."
In a nutshell, it was a fun time had by all, and we had the opportunity to try some new things. I spoke with the owner Dean, and he was a nice young man who seems eager to please ......what more can You ask?
Most of the negativeness of this review comes from the fact that it took FOREVER to get our food. It was so bad that they started offering us free drinks and gave us our appetizer for free. We were confused because we didn't order anything weird, just ramen and octopus balls. The octopus balls came out a good minute after our ramen finally came, which was weird and they asked us if we still wanted it as if they hadn't actually put the order in...This was mostly bad because one of the people in our party came STARVING and it made for a very unhappy table. 

The ramen itself was tasty though. I got the spicy one which was definitely the best of the ones at the table (one of my friends got tonkatsu, the other got the vegetarian one). It wasn't served as hot as I would have liked, but it was good until you got to the bottom and then it was crazy salty.

I would like to give this place another try. Like I said, the spicy ramen was really good and the place looks nice inside, but it was kind of hard to separate it from the whole experience.
Food was decent, but way too pricey. Further for a quick bowl of ramen, the waitress completely forgot about my table and we had to wait 45 minutes. I gave it a second try, and the same thing happened. Not coming back here again.
Two stars only because the waitress was nice. Customer service to me is very important.

I feel like I got tricked into coming here by another Yelper. Her parents + from Japan + thinks it's authentic = Win win situation! WRONGGG!!!!!

Let me begin:

Takoyaki = fried octopus ball that lacked... OCTOPUS!!!!! I probably had 1-2chopped pieces of octopus in each of them!!!!! There was soo much sauce that it drowned the bonito flakes!

Tonkotsu Chashumen & Kara Kara were not hot. It had no steam coming from my bowl!!!! Totally lacked flavor in the broth and chashu... The wavy noodle was NOT any type of Ramen I had.. I dunno if you could even call it Ramen!!!! I've never been to Japan, but I sure as hell know that my Ramen should NOT be....CRUNCHY!!!! And when we had told them that we were missing the extra chashu that we ordered, they brought us the addl pieces and advised us to becareful cuz the plate was hot.. So... you just... microwaved my food??????

I tried really hard not to compare it to the places I've been in NY...  I'm just extremely disappointed in this place. I guess given the location, it's target customers are just college students that eat whatever it is they can afford so I shouldn't expect much???


Never again.
It's ok...

***Note:  I just love food, more importantly....good food.  And I don't mind paying good money for it....as long as the restaurant does a good job.

Here goes.......I can appreciate the decor and cool layout, but I really felt that I paid too much for the whole experience.  And here's why....

There were a number of us and we all ordered different ramen bowls.  Each one was ok....just ok.  We also had Takoyaki for apps.....annnnnnd they were ok too.  The ramen I've come to know, was not displayed here.  Broth did not taste like hours of blood, sweat and tears were poured into it.  Our meal lasted about 35-40 minutes (at most); we paid the bill and left.  

Here's what left me feeling uneasy.  They charged us an extra $1 (per each bowl) for spice on the side.  Yes.....it's basically a condiment that we were being charged for.  Not only that, they automatically applied a 20% gratuity since we had a larger party.  Isn't that illegal now???  Anyways, I usually don't mind the automatic charge when I have a great dining experience, but COME'ON!!!!  I think the server came by once to refill our waters right before clearing the table and handing us over the bill.....before I even asked for it.  Not sure why we were being rushed, in an empty restaurant, during lunch time (on a Saturday).

Sigh*.......this place just tries too hard and makes the most enjoyable of such foods......unenjoyable.  Sorry Ramen Bar, your restaurant looks really cool, but thats about it.
Not bad at all!

Been here several times and its always very consistent. The only hakata style ramen shop that I found, the noodles were great. The broth is super rich and thick!

The only gripe I had about this place was the price. It's a bit expensive for just noodles and when you add toppings, it can easily come out to $15+ per person.

I feel as though the rich Penn kids wouldn't mind spending their parents money a little more anyways.
I love Ramen Bar - it offers authentic Japanese ramen though at a slightly above-average price. My two favorites are the spicy miso ramen and the spicy tonkotsu ramen. The zenbuiri tonkotsu ramen (this contains all the extra toppings inside) is also a favorite. My parents (who are from Japan) thought this place was decently authentic and the owner is Japanese. The gyoza were made with thin Japanese-style dumpling wrappers and the seaweed salad, although not an authentic dish, was refreshing and had a nice spicy bite to it. 

My friends and I ordered green tea and red bean ice cream for dessert, which were delicious. They were a bit expensive ($5) but it was a special occasion for us.

I like how there are two varieties of noodles depending on which style broth you get. I like both kinds - the opaque white, thin, straight ramen noodles used in the tonkotsu ramen and spicy tonkotsu ramen; and the wavy yellow noodles used for the shoyu ramen, miso ramen, and spicy miso ramen. 

I sometimes opt to add the extras: ajitama (boiled egg) or extra chashu (pork). On a hot summer day, what can be more authentic than a bowl of piping hot ramen and a cup of cold Asahi beer?
I'm writing another review because I've given it a few more chances since my last one and my experience has been better. The ramen got a little less salty, and I tried a few more of the appetizers. The "burgers" they have for appetizer which are steamed buns with bork in between (not stuffed, just sort of sitting in between) are super good, and the dumplings are good although I wanted more. The place also would get 4 stars with Happy Hour pricing.
My boyfriend and I stumbled upon this place and decided to give it a try. In terms of food and service, it was great. I loved how afterwards I didn't feel that gross, full feeling. I felt like the meal was light, senseable, and overall healthy. 

My biggest issue with the meal however is the price. Just went for a simple lunch, ended up costing almost $50 dollars. These prices are a little ridiculous and they really need to consider reducing the price. Remember, Ramen Bar, you're in UNIVERSITY CITY catering to poor college students, NOT Rittenhouse Square!!
I've been coming here since it first opened, I lived in west philly.  It was my go to Ramen spot.

I would have given them 4 stars until my last experience. Staff is generally very friendly and food generally is served up pretty quickly. 

However the last time I was there, something was off with the food.  The broth was extremely salty and thick, like they overloaded it with msg.  The only thing I could think of was maybe I got the bottom of the barrel?  I drank more water than I drank broth because it was so salty.  I'm hoping it was a fluke and I'm sure I'll stop by there again at some point and hope to have a better eating experience.
Pleasantly surprised to find Ramen Bar finally open! This is a great new addition to the somewhat underwhelming options in UC. The interior is fresh and cool, and surprisingly large. But more importantly, the food was really good--top notch even. My friend and I started off with the agedoshi tofu app with bonito (tuna flakes), and it was light and savory. I then had the 'signature' tonkatsu (pork bone broth ramen) which comes with sliced pork, mushrooms, and scallions, and I added on the recommended boiled egg and some naruto (fish cakes). This stuff was incredible. The broth was like crack--I couldn't stop my spoon. The toppings were all very good, though I wish they gave me more than just one slice of pork, which was pretty fatty. My friend tried the spicy miso ramen, which was also very good--but I would probably stick with the tonkatsu. Price point was very reasonable. Service, while friendly, was very very slow (well over an hour to receive our ramen), but I'll cut them a bit of slack for it being their first day and having a large party in the back and all. Will definitely be back soon to try all of their other noodles.

Beware: CASH ONLY.
TL;DR: My original review stands. Average bowl of ramen in a younger spot/neighborhood asking for a relatively expensive price

I went back after call one day and sat at the bar this time. Ordered the same thing again and it was better in that they used the thinner noodles I wanted and the chef behind the bar let me tell him how much garlic to throw into the soup, but otherwise the rest was unchanged. Soup was still blander than I like and chashu still too thick and bland. 

The other big thing I noticed was that one of the guys in the kitchen looks stunningly similar to the (now defunct)Ramen Boy chef and that sent a frightening chill down my spine as I had a deja vu moment...
Food is decent at best. Soup and the ingredients lacked flavor and tasted like generic Asian market foods tossed together in a ramen bowl. The edamame had a dirty towel taste and I would not recommend it. If you've ever been to Ippudo in NYC, this is a 2 star copy of a 4 star restaurant.
We came for round 2 during week 1 and unfortunately were met with a subpar quality of pork, ramen noodles and service. I imagine that there have been some growing pains and a steep learning curve for the staff here, but I was hoping that they would have improved from opening night.

We got the agedashi tofu and the takoyaki appetizers, and the spicy miso ramen and the kara kara tonkatsu ramen.

the tofu was probably the best thing of the meal. Both ramen broths were very salty and the pork was unexpectedly tough - not the soft, melt in our mouth goodness that we experienced the first night. 

overall, it was quite disappointing.
Great ambiance, but the food is meh. Conveniently located to where I go to school and great for a cold winter day though! Tonkotsu broth can be a little salty on certain days and I would highly recommend asking to change your noodles from straight to wavy. I'm a texture kind of girl and the wavy noodles just taste soooo much better imo. I ordered the eel avocado roll because I was so hungry and regretted it. I wanted it to be more as an appetizer but the ramen came pretty fast, maybe 30 seconds after the roll. The roll was small, rice wasn't fresh and overly moist and sticky, and tasted very plain.
Given that Ramen Bar was featured in the weekly Yelp, I was disappointed by the ramen here. On the plus side, the pork was tender and flavorful. However, the noodles were thin and hardly cooked, the broth was over-salted, and there were hardly any fresh veggies or colors, giving the ramen bowl an unappetizing monochromatic brownish tint. And what's up with charging extra for an egg, which should be a standard item?

Even though it's not specifically a ramen place, Nan Zhou Hand-drawn Noodle House blows this place out of the water. Terakawa Ramen is also better (both in Chinatown).
Kind of an awkward service experience but I think it's OK since they just opened. I hope that they do start to accept credit cards or at least put in an ATM machine. The decor is nice and hip with a TV facing sideways from the seats (can't help it due to the layout of the place) and music (Daft Punk & Justice songs played while I was there). As for the food, it's really good! I liked the takoyaki and the kare kare tonkatsu ramen (with all the topping suggestions). The location is a little hidden BUT they do have a great spot near the movie theater and walking distance to a lot of other shops and restaurants. Definitely stop by to try some ramen.

Also, I called Friday night to find out their hours and no one picked up. Rang for an eternity. I also looked outside their shop for hours and maybe I overlooked it but I didn't see any? I'd like to know their operating hours.
We came into the restaurant as a group of 14, and the staff seated us immediately. They were extremely kind and helpful. None of us had any experience with traditional ramen, yet they helped explain different dishes and find something we'd all like. 

The restaurant had a captivating ambience. The ultra sleek decor and ambient house music created a chic urban vibe. It was very inviting and had a trendy feel.

The food was absolutely delicious. Most of us ordered the ramen and we were all content with our meals. Each dish was artfully presented and each bowl was food blog photo worthy. The broth was flavorful and contents were hardy. I would definitely recommend this to a friend.

My only complaint would be that there wasn't enough protein in the bowls. On the menu there is an option to add more meat or an egg, but I'd rather have them automatically add more and raise the prices. The bowls were very well priced at $10 or $12 a bowl. I would add the extra pork or egg for a small additional charge.
I come here pretty often with friends to eat ramen and service/food is usually pretty average. However, this last experience I had here was pretty much less than mediocre. 

We (party of two) came here to eat dinner on saturday night and got seated right away. We decided what to get pretty quickly but it took us a while find a waiter to place our order. I got the miso ramen and my boyfriend got the tonkotsu ramen. We also got pork buns, takoyaki, and a kani salad. I recommend the takoyaki if you're looking for an appetizer, although it is doughy. 

Don't get the pork buns. We got the thinnest piece of meat between the buns and all we tasted was the bun tbh lol. It was thinner than the pork in our ramen. Plus we found a small piece of plastic in one of the pork buns while eating...lol.  Get your pork buns elsewhere. Not here. 

Overall:
Average ramen.
Below average service. 
Pretty okay appetizers.
Want a delicious meal at a reasonable price, skip this joint. Want a trendy place to waste your hard earned Benjamins and load up on salt, come here. General rule of thumb, any $10+ bowl of ramen (unless laced in edible gold leaf), should at least be generous in proportions. Not here, small portions and skimpy on the meat. If you want more protein, sure, $2 for a slice not even as big as your palm. However, they are generous with their salt (and maybe msg too), for those into that sort of thang. Finally, to top it all off they "kindly" added a mandatory 20% tip to your total bill (individual bill not group), how "convenient".
Loved the ambience, so hip and modern. Def a wonderful place to grab a meal and chill afterwards as the owner/manager is not too focused on flipping tables. The pricing is average compared to ramen places. And the simplicity, clean presentation of the food were on point! This is def the place to visit for Japanese inspired food. I'll def make a visit back!
I held out on placing judgement until I'd been here twice, and now feel fine declaring it thoroughly mediocre. I had the miso ramen and the tonkotsu ramen. Neither were terrible, but they were lacking that subtle umami goodness of higher quality ramen broth. I also wasn't a huge fan of the noodles. Staff was friendly, quick, and not too over-attentive. 

If I want ramen in Philly from now on I'll stick to Nom Nom, which is slightly better in my opinion. Otherwise I'll just wait until the next time I'm in New York.
Not bad ramen.  I ordered the tonkotsu ramen with the chasu pork.  I can't really comment on the authenticity but I enjoyed the broth and noodles.  The pork was quite good too.  The extra egg was marinated and cut in half and was good too.  I had the tempura as well for an appetizer and the batter was light and crisp too.  Service was prompt unlike some of the earlier reviews so it sounds like the initial opening pains have been dealt with.  The music was loud and annoying however.  This place is a good addition to the neighborhood and I'll be back for sure.  I haven't tried any of the other ramen places in Philly yet for comparison however.
Sanitary reasons. The chef touched payment machines and never washed his hands. They also don't wear gloves/covers or anything.

Sitting at the bar and watching everything happening is disgusting.

1
Food alone would be three stars, but the superslow and negligent service, made this joint a two star place. Three of us ordered the tonkatsu ramen, while another friend ordered the spicy miso ramen. The broth was alright. It tasted more salty than flavorful. The noodles were a bit harder, just the way I like it. The pork was very fatty, which I loved. However, when our friend ordered extra noodles, it took forever for the extra noodles to come. I seriously felt like they neglected us the whole time. Personally, I'm not fond of the place, but I guess I'll lower my standards for when I have a ramen craving...since I love ramen too much.
In the past I dinned very late at night, nothing like hot soup with noodles. Each experience was satisfied my hunger pangs and my wallet. Everything is fairly price and you receive a more than fair amount of food. People this is not your bagged Ramen so get ready for quality. This time around I dinned at the bar during happy hour, boy was I happy. I ordered the Ebi Tempura (Shrimp) it was $4, you receive 3 shrimp and a variety of Tempura battered veggies that were delicious. I also ordered the R.B. Burger Chashu the ingredients (pork or shrimp I chose pork, spring mix, scallions, red pickled ginger, and mixture of eel sauce, spicy mayo and wasabi sauce were served on nice fluffy and perfectly shaped steam buns. Again delicious. To drink I ordered the Sake Bomb, Sapporo beer (they were out of draft so I was given a 1/2 of a bottle?) with a 'shot' of Sake, good deal for $5. Happy Hour is M-F 4:30-6:30, Fri&Sat 9-11pm.

The food is good but the service leaves much to be desired. It's as if the staff is distracted and you have to prompt them to do anything. They are very standoffish! Better service better review.
Ok, I love ramen noodles, actually i love noodle soup in general. This place is average at best. The soup here will leave you with high blood pressure as it is SALTY as hell. I dont understand how anyone can eat a whole bowl, its so salty. The noodles and other ingredients used were decent, but very small in portion. For the price, I honestly believe you should be getting more.
First night frenzy. Oh and CASH ONLY!!! 

For table of 4 told ~20 min wait but was seated in about 10.  However, we then waited another 10 min at the table to order. and at least another 5 minutes or so for water.

Takoyaki and agedashi tofu apps were not available, so we went with the pan fried pork dumplings. We also ordered the Shoyu ramen and Zenbu ramen.

First of all, the gyoza set the stage for our entire meal. Already disappointed that 2 of the appetizers we wanted were not available, we conceded with the dumplings. We saw them being handmade by one of chefs. The filling seems to be a combo of cabbage and lean pork. The filling could have been a little bit more flavorful, but it definitely tasted better than your standard frozen dumpling (it better though, being handmade). The dumpling skin was soft, and in my opinion could have been a little thicker/chewier. Overall, it was pretty good. 3.5/5

Shoyu ramen - the broth had a surprisingly great clean pork flavor, and it was paired with a great chewy medium thickness egg noodle. It was so good that my wife didn't want to switch halfway through as we usually do. I had to steal a sip of the broth and some noodles when I could. Really good. 5/5.

Zenbu ramen - the broth was more complex, heavier, and a bit on the salty side. The noodles were thin/small, more "traditional" japanese ramen noodles, and also perfect chewiness. The chashu pork was fantastic - soft, juicy, flavorful. The egg was also great. I'd really say that my only critique was that the broth was a little too salty for me. 4.5/5.

Overall, solid 4/5. We will definitely come back and try other ramens and entrees. I am VERY interested in trying their miso cod when it becomes available. I expect that service will pick up very soon (they will have to as I anticipate many more busy days in their future), and despite the rumors, they are not going to be open 24hr/day (sad).
I came here for lunch one day and my experience was okay . The staffs here are really nice especially our waitress. 

As for the ramen , its not good ; its not bad . I'd say its mediocre. It's definitely not the worse ones i have tried but not in the top ranking either.    


Shoyu chashumen- this was one of their fancy ones , wished the taste met up with its price and the expectation . It was just nothing special about it . 

Original ramen - their original flavor was okay , again it was just like having a simple bowl of food that you cant say is good or its bad till the point you cant eat it.
I enjoyed my ramen here, but nothing stood out about it for me. Boyfriend got an egg in his and sweared up and down it was the best he'd had (I think he also got extra pork), but I thought it was simply decent. For the price we paid, I wanted to be wowed a bit more. And while the service was decent as well, we spent a lot of time waiting for a waiter or waitress to attend to us, even in such a small space. 

Pluses included the noodles, hot sauces on the table and fun soup spoons. Minuses were the lack of veggies in the soup, the slow service and what was actually an uncomfortable booth seat (I didn't think that was possible). 

I would go back from ramen again and try something new...give them another chance for a better review as well...but mostly because it's close by and boyfriend liked it so much. Try harder, Ramen Bar! I want to like you more.
Delicious vegetarian/vegan ramen hard to find so super excited to find it so close to campus. Wish I'd found it earlier!
I was really excited to hear this place was open. The food selection in university is pretty limited, I was tired of the same places. My friends and I went in on the Tuesday for their "soft opening day" around 5:30 and the place was packed. We waited around for half an hour for a table. We waited even longer for our ramen to come. Other people who came after us had their ramen before us. I guess it's understandable since they just opened.

The ramen was alright. I think it's better than Nom Nom Ramen and Yakitori Boy. I had the Tonkatsu Ramen. It wasn't the type of harder stringy noodle that I liked more. We also ordered the agedashi tofu and gyoza. The adegashi tofu was piping hot, pretty sure I burnt my tongue. I don't know whether they were trying to compensate for the hotness, but the gyoza was kind of cold. Taste for both appetizers wasn't flavorful enough for me. Other people in my party had the tonkatsu chashumen and shoyu.They thought it was okay for Philly. My friend's chasu still had strings on there. The did apologize and gave us a discount. I was kind of surprised that you had to pay extra $1 to add an egg to the noodle. 

This place is alright. It's at an excellent location. Having such limited choices in University City, I would probably come back.I think the best ramen place in Philly is probably Terakawa Ramen in chinatown.
Ramen Bar is still the best choice for ramen in terms of convenience/location in West Philly, taste, portion, and price. Not sure if that's saying much given the extremely limited options.

The tonkatsu ramen is pretty good, but not particularly special here... but boy, do they really take their time preparing it! Prices are reasonable for a bowl of ramen that size. I've also tried a few of their appetizers, which was a HUGE mistake. I don't know how you can possibly mess up edamame, but they oversalted by quite a bit the one time I tried to buy a tiny plate for $4. I also found the miso soup and gyoza to be somehow underwhelming.

The inside does look nice and clean with the really long hallway feel though! Service is nice, but not always the most attentive. I guess the strange layout doesn't help.

EDIT: I swear the tonkatsu ramen is better now since they give more meat than before.  But it's still always crowded and the waitstaff is slower than ever, so same rating. They really need to have more than two servers at a time...
Sad to say, this place has declined since I last went.  The service was pretty bad.  Maybe the dude was having a bad day, but he was grumpy and just not service oriented at all.

Then the ramen, the broth was so watered down, it had very little taste.  It was like colored hot water with noodles and chashu.

The gyoza were undercooked.  It didn't have that crisp edge that usually is the best part!

Sadly, we will have to schlep to Center City for Hiro's ramen instead from now on.
Honestly sad that this doesn't have a higher rating. One of my favorite spots to go to in this area. I suppose the biggest caveat is price but hey, IMO it's worth it. I've spoken to the owner before since going here for years and have been corroborated that their recipes are legit. Some of their broths sit for hours to cure and intensify the flavor and I think it shows. Their broths are top notch and I don't think I've ever walked away still hungry. The food comes quick too but not so quick that it feels like you're being rushed which is honestly a fine line that they walk well. I've also asked for help on the menu to pick which ramen is best and the staff always are nice about helping. I haven't gotten anything other than their ramen and sushi (which is pretty decent given it's a ramen place) so can't speak to non ramen items. Also to be fair can't really speak to the authenticity of the ramen, but again what I can say is that I think it's damn delicious and I consistently return. Isn't that all we can ask for?
Round two of the devours in University City  tonight took me over To the Ramen bar at University of Penn. This is a very small establishment yet very unique and creative. The bar is really small and only has a bartender at three nights a week. The staff is really nice and also very helpful. The menu is quite big but nothing overwhelming. While sitting at the bar (my favorite spot to eat) I sought to the menu and found something worth trying. Tonight I tried the chicken miso ramen soup . Maaann, when I tell you that this bowl of Ramen was full of flavor without the added chili oil and chili peppers seasoning! . It was full of big seasoned chicken breast chunks, mushrooms, scallions, corn, and peppers @ A very affordable price. The Ramen noodles were very soft and curly!  if you ever find yourself wanting some really great Ramen for a very affordable price make your way to the Ramen bar @ university of Penn and of course tell them that shimmy sent you . #happyhour #philadelphia #university #city  #asian  #soup #mushrooms #chicken #chickenbreast #sweetandsour #philly #food #foods #foodporn #foodphotography #foodgasm #corn #misosoup
The good:
1) soup is pretty good 
2) servers are nice

The bad:
1) credit card limit $15 & no Amex
2) meat is lacking (taste-wise)
3) already overpriced for ramen & still charge for topping
4) inexperienced servers-- don't know menu well enough & crowd by tables to make customers feel rushed 
5) frozen noodles-- not freshly
I've been coming here since it opened ~2 years ago now and I have been consistently impressed by the quality of their ramen. 

First thing you should know is that this is "authentic" Japanese ramen, in the sense that they use tonkotsu, shoyu, miso broths as the soup base with fresh wheat noodles - I say this because many asian restaurants market "noodle soup" (meat based broth that you can add an assortment of meats and vegetables to) as "ramen". Ramen Bar is the real deal. 

My favorite dish here is the Tonkotsu Chasumen. The soup is savory, meaty and delicious, without being too watery or brothy, and the noodles are fantastic. The pieces of chasu (pork) are salty and sumptuous and the other condiments (mushrooms, etc) are fresh and well portioned. For added richness, I highly recommend getting the soft boiled egg as an add-on. I've also tried the Tsukemen which is basically a concentrated ramen broth that you dip your noodles in. Very difficult to find outside of Japan and surprisingly well executed. 

Service is snappy and polite, decor is modern and ambiance is pretty low key - it can get pretty busy during dinner time, but you won't find yourself needing to use your outside voice to converse. 

They also have an excellent bar! Featuring a great collection of japanese inspired cocktails and japanese draft beers, their bar is a great place to grab a few drinks as you start out your night. The happy hours provide great drink specials for well drinks, drafts and, of course, sake bombs.

Avoid their other non-ramen food (rice dishes and sushi mostly) for they leave much to be desired.
The Ramen bar was ok. We got sushi and ramen here, I won't recommend the sushi here. To me it was just mediocre. The ramen was ok terakawa is better and it seems like the portion is a little bit smaller as well. I tried the curry ramen.
Ramen Bar looks really hip and nice on the inside but the ramen wasn't very great. The broth is not very flavorful. For a place that specializes in ramen and serves ramen as their primary entree, it's pretty disappointing.
Cheap? No, but you do get something for that extra dough...

Ramen Bar is actually gorgeous inside: step inside and you feel as if you're transported to a much more expensive restaurant far away from 40th with the sleek wood paneling and chairs. The unique bowls and spoons further make you feel like you're really treating yourself. Basically, this isn't some crappy, brightly-colored, super "cute" restaurant. The only downside is that you do pay $2-4 per entree more for this privilege. 

My friend and I got the Shoyu Ramen: okay, whatever they want to tell you, this is enough food without any toppings! I wasn't the hugest fan of the meat but the broth IS SO DELICIOUS (salty but delicious). The noodles were tasty, too, although admittedly I've only had instant ramen before this. I had a "cold green tea" for $2-completely unsweetened and comes in an aluminum can, not the overly sweetened drink I was expecting, but okay for what I wanted.

Some things that are specific to their recent soft opening and I hope will be changed in the near future: very random music (we went from Adele and Coldplay to dance pop within a 30 minute meal...neither of which seemed to fit the venue and was just distracting), and servers forgot to get some extra noodles. I didn't take off for these as it truly seemed to just be a one-time thing and our server was very apologetic.
I would recommend their vegetable shoyu ramen! I was looking for a "healthy" option while going out with a friend because I hadn't been eating veggies. I decided to give it a try and it was really good! I asked for the regular pork broth instead of the vegan broth and it was delicious. 

I also tried their fat salmon roll and it was a plentiful amount of sushi. Nice thick pieces of salmon were inside and on top of the roll. I also got the takoyaki which was pretty good. I haven't had much takoyaki though so I don't know what to compare it to.
As pretty much the only sit-down ramen place in University City, I tend to visit here frequently as a convenient default. I'm no connoisseur of ramen (other experts can tell you about the subtle nuances in different gradations of broth quality and noodle texture at varying locations), but I think that they serve a consistently solid bowl of hot and tasty ramen, especially during the winter months. The presentation is great, with large wooden spoons and an artistic bowl. 

I also think that Ramen Bar is a great go-to for its nice ambiance - clean, simple, and modern. The layout helps to accommodate groups as well; I typically visit with 6-10 friends and it's easy to arrange the smaller tables together to fit your group size. 

Pretty much all the ramen on the menu range from 10-14 dollars, which is slightly on the pricier end for noodles. It's a good size bowl, but several of the guys I go with often end up buying extra noodles for $2 to add to their bowl afterwards (if you plan to do so, make you sure you save enough broth as you're eating!). 

Finally, if you'd like a recommendation (since there are quite a few ramen options on the menu), I'd say many of them are relatively similar but my personal favorite would probably be the spicy miso, which comes with my preferred wavy noodles instead of straight ones!
So I decided to check out Ramen Noodle Bar the first week it opened and actually enjoyed it! This used to be an old bowling alley in University City and when I walked in it looked completely different. Great decor and atmosphere. 

So down to the noodles. The broth is flavorful and the meat is very tender. The noodle wasn't too hard and the apps were great!  A friend of mine ordered the soy broth and it was great.  I only wish they have more options for people that can't eat pork. 

The service was okay, I felt that the servers didn't know the menu too well and it took a while for us to get a table even when it was half empty. 

But overall, I will def go back for more!
I come here all the time, and today has been a MESS!!!! #1 the waitress didn't know the menu, and had a terrible attitude. She argued with me when I said I didn't want egg on my ramen.... then she checked the menu and was like "oh you're right." Then it got worse... my tuna stuffed avocado, my favorite dish by the way, wasn't prepared properly, then when they bought it back out they had put it in the microwave and fully cooked what was supposed to be RAW tuna. The last straw was being told that what is clearly octopus was actually a squid. I am a culinary student, own a catering company and frequent this restaurant often. They won't see me again. Terrible service terrible quality! Hopefully the new Drexel location is much better.
The food their is amazing. I know ramen originally is made with pork and some do with chicken. Wish that they could make it with beef which for me is a winner.

I would recommend their food to everyone and I would always tell them keep up the good work. Everything is made fresh and you can taste it. Especially their tuna.
I've gone a couple more times since my last visit and all went great. I do have one caveat though: 

DO NOT GO HERE IF YOU HAVE MORE THAN 3 PEOPLE IN YOUR GROUP.

They charge an automatic 20% (!!!!) gratuity if you have a party of 4 or more. FOUR! 6 or 8 I would understand, or a smaller amount, but to charge 20% tip on a BOWL OF RAMEN, which they serve once and never deal with you again, is just absurd. When I asked why it was so high, they said that some people give them 5%, so this makes up for it. I usually tip 15%, so don't punish your good customers for the sake of your bad ones!
I dropped by here for lunch (after the normal rush hour), so there wasn't a crowd.  In fact, there was only about 6 of us in the restaurant.  The interior is sleek and modern - not what I was expecting before walking in, so kudos there.  We split the fried octopus balls - be careful, these are HOT so eat slowly.  These were okay - good to try once, but not twice.  I ordered the Zenbu No-se Ramen - the "everything in" bowl.  I don't even know what I ate, but it was good!  All I remember is that the pork was so tender, it melted right in my mouth.  

My only qualm with Ramen Bar is that it's on the pricey side ($15 bucks for the Zenbu, $19 with tax/tip) - definitely not the price range that will allow me to come here on a regular basis for lunch.  Nan Zhou, though it's farther away and doesn't have all the special toppings of Ramen Bar, is a third of the price and just as delicious.
