Had some Chicken Pad thai from here. It wasn't bad at all, but I definitely would have liked more sauce or more spice to it. The portions were great, too. Took me 2 sittings to finish it. The Thai spring rolls were really good, too.
I would definitely try this spot out again soon. I've only tried 1 other thai place in south philly, but this one was pretty solid, just prefer more spice on mine. Wait time for pick-up was a good 25 minutes. Not bad at all.
Came here with my husband to try out a few plates for a group outing and wow were we blown away! This restaurant is tucked in South Philly and easy to miss, but once you come in, it is a tiny oasis in a no parking dessert. The staff and owner were so EXTREMELY FRIENDLY and courteous giving us complete background on how the food was prepared and what regions. Everything from the beautifully decorated ambiance, soft music and amazing food will keep you coming back. 

So for starters - HAVE THE CHICKEN SATAY - seriously the best peanut sauce I have ever had. We had a sampler where we also tried the calamari (fresh and not frozen), spring rolls, and thai dumplings. I honestly can not say what was better! Every single bite was delicious and well prepared, you can easily just come here to fill up on appetizers. For entrees I had my first Pad Se Ew (thicker noodle, sweet, with chicken) and it was amazing! The noodles were soft and delicious, if you like spice I recommend you ask them for a little on the side to add a kick - the perfect comfort food. The Massaman Curry was also a first time for me, and I was so impressed with the amount of flavor it packed! It was nutty, a little curry, not spicy, and I could not get enough!

Because we wanted to try some food from Laos, we tried Som Tum Lao Salad, which was earthy with a serious kick! It has shrimp paste and is spicy, lemony and so delicious (it reminded me a little of ceviche). We took some Thai iced tea to go, as it is a must when we have Thai food, but were completely stuffed! The place is under new ownership, so we have nothing to compare it to because we had not come before, but will absolutely be returning. We had a phenomenal meal and then fought over the leftovers at home the next day.
Very very solid Thai delivery last night via Yelp! This was our first time ordering from Ratchada and the only thing that was disappointing was the delivery itself. We received our order about a half hour after the original hour that it was promised, and only after contacting Eat24 for an update.

Aside from the long delivery wait, everything else was on point. We ordered a Thai beef salad, which was really nice. The veggies were crisp, the beef was tender and nicely seasoned, and there was a spicy kick. I ordered the pad si-ew with shrimp, which was delicious. There was enough to split into two meals! My husband had the pork jungle - great flavors, though he said the pork was a little tough. He also had a lot of leftover veggies, which I tossed into my pad si-ew leftovers for lunch today. Possibly even better on day two! We'll be ordering from Ratchada again.
If you like Ethnic cuisines, as much as I do, then you're probably off to another exotic  restaurant trying a new and/or a traditional dish. If you haven't tried Laotian food yet, put it down on your to-try list! Even though I prefer Thai over it. 
I went to Ratchada for a late dinner on a Saturday night, the restaurant was handsome & clean, and the staff were very friendly and attentive. I started with Khao Jee that's grilled sticky rice seasoned with eggs shaped like heart (so good), and it was served with beef jerky which I did't care much for. I picked Om Laos Chicken as my entree. I rarely pick vegetables or soups for a meal, but I did. One thing for sure: It was so herby, and so fragrant. 
I'll come again to try the Thai food here.

Three and Half Yelps.
Ratchada is a district in Bangkok known for less bustle while very entertaining. This Thai/Laotian house takes its name and atmosphere from this more mellow part of a very intense big city.  It is apt, as when walking in off of S. 11th Street (a half block off Washington), you immediately feel a sense of decompression and culture shift from urban hubbub to Asian serenity.  The dark wood tones, silks, and wall art invite you to leave the outside world behind, and wade into a secret jasmine scented pool of tranquility. 

Hyperbole? Perhaps. But, after the week I just finished, it felt so to me. 

We were seated immediately and on time by Jib, the diminutive whirlwind who seemed to be everywhere at once.  She was graceful, smiling, communicative and clearly loved what she was doing.  The menu was quickly explained and we were given ample time to peruse and select.  Tom Yum Nam Khon (Creamy Lemongrass Soup) and Tom Kha (Coconut Soup) to begin.  Fried Calamari to appetize.  Ratchata Duck (a Chef Special) to share.  

The soups were hot, spicy, loaded with veggies, and a great way to commence.  My taste buds were on alert to the complexity of each spoonful.  The Calamari had a beer batter that seemed a little off for the dish as it created a coating around the calamari rings that easily separated from the crustacean and made the eating a bit disjointed.  Still, it was very fresh and the Sriracha/sweet&sour peanut sauce was good enough to eat by itself. Nothing was left behind.

The star of the show was the Duck.  Its skin was crispy and the meat perfectly tender and moist.  The Mango/Tamarind mix that created the sauce that covered the bottom of the platter was simply exquisite.  So glad for the rice to absorb every drop after the duck was gone. Sweet/tart/creamy. There was ample sliced canard on the plate for two, and even a drumstick bone underneath for me to pick up and gnaw off the slim morsels.  

This was a thoroughly enjoyable and memorable dinner.  It put me in an excellent frame of mind to such an extent that we decided to have their Thai Tea Ice Cream for dessert.  It too, was revelatory.  How many times have I had Thai Iced Tea and never considered taking it the next step?  So glad someone around here had done so.  I mite expensive at $6. for a big scoop, but a great way to end a wonderful meal. 

Revisiting Ratchada is as desirable as it is inevitable.
Wonderful first time experience dining here with my friends the other night! As soon as we walked in with our bottle of wine (BYO!), I knew this place was going to be a winner - the restaurant is so attractive! A true hidden gem because from the outside, it's honestly something I would have just walked right by. The inside is beautiful though - gorgeous table mats and decor with pretty gold accents scattered everywhere. 

The menu is quite extensive with some really delicious sounding appetizers, entrees, and sides. Our party of four all decided to start our meal off with two appetizers: Thai spring rolls and tulip dumplings. Both were phenomenal, but I took a wee bit more of a liking to the dumplings! They came stuffed with steamed ground chicken and shrimp, as well as crab meat. So flavorful! I also really liked the presentation for both dishes. 

For my entree, I got the pad kee mao noodle (drunken noodles). I had a choice of beef, chicken, pork, or shrimp for my protein - I chose chicken. Also a very flavorful dish, with a definite kick from the spicy basil sauce. I wasn't expecting it to be quite as spicy as it was, but I really, really liked it. 

My boyfriend got the pork jungle which I tried and thought was good. We both agreed that the drunken noodles out did it though. 

Prices are fantastic. I left full and content after sharing a couple appetizers with the group and finishing my entree. 

Staff was very kind and generous. The restaurant closed at 10 pm, but our group got caught up talking and we lingered a bit longer. We were never rushed out the door, didn't hear a peep from the staff telling us to get a move on. So appreciated!

I will definitely be returning to Ratchada for dinner again. I'm looking forward to trying more of their dishes!
Decent! 

My favorite, favorite Thai is in Center City, so this is my South Philly staple when I'm craving. 

The green curry (my favorite!) is flavorful and spicy - it'll definitely get you sniffling halfway through the bowl. The veggies are crisp and fresh, and the meat is always tender. Mmmmm. Not sure what it is, but a good bowl of Thai curry always gets me in that lovin' mood. 

Service is a little slow, but that's okay by me. Plan to bring a bottle of wine to enjoy slowly (they're BYOB!) Just don't come here if you're in a rush (or on a first date, in case the date is awful! Ha!)
I've been here a few times.  It's a nice atmosphere; I especially like the decorations, like the figures of an elephant pack on the side or the hanging embroidery that decorates the walls.  There's no designated parking lot per se, but there is street parking right outside the restaurant and conveniently, a plaza across the street where you can park without being noticed for a few hours.

It's BYOB with no corkage, so that's a plus.  We started out with the Thai sampler.  I guess they were out of Thai crepes, so the waiter asked if we would mind substituting with chicken satay, which we didn't.  The chicken satay was a bit on the dry side.  Most of the items on the Thai sampler came in 3's, which is a little awkward if you're splitting with 1 other person.

We got the chicken curry and the tilapia wraps.  I liked the curry and feel like there was a fair amount of chicken, potato, onion, etc.  I was a little disappointed by the tilapia wraps.  While it's a cute idea - fresh lettuce and toppings like green onions are laid out, along with pieces of fish, for you to make a lettuce wrap, there is a very little tilapia and the amount of toppings is quite small.  Pieces of lime (which include the peel) were some of the toppings but since the peel isn't edible, popping that on your lettuce wrap means you're left trying to politely spit out lime peel.

We had a nice experience here and the waiter was fairly quick and attentive, so we'll probably come back, but I probably won't order the tilapia wrap next time.
This place just Ratchaded itself to the top of my list of hidden gems to recommend to friends. 

My friend and I split:

Khao Jee Ping- fried sticky rice with beef jerky and small side cabbage salad. This was so interesting and delicious.

Pork Laab- a little spicy and came with shredded lettuce and cucumbers instead of wraps, very good.

Tulip dumplings- the dipping sauce for these was amazing and they are stuffed with meat and topped with shrimp.

The Tom Yum Noodles (how is this a thing I've never tried?) broth flavor was awesome (a bit spicy) and the shrimp were huge and there were lots of them! The noodles were a tiny bit overcooked and the shrimp a tiny bit undercooked, but that is my only complaint about the food.

The bill came to about $30 each which is so cheap, and it's BYOB! We were stuffed and each took home enough leftovers for a small meal. They had one outdoor table for us on the sidewalk and brought out a tupperware for our pup to drink some water. We also saw them bring out another table for some other diners who showed up later. Service was friendly and the waitress gave great recommendations. Food came out fast and they kept our iced water jug full which was key for eating outside in 90 degree weather. They also had a large vegetarian section of their menu which I can't see online but looked really good. 

This is the Laos Thaime I'm going to tell you this- this place is delicious and you should check it out!
At Ratchada is where I ate one of the best meals in Philly that I've had in a long time. This place is legit! The food is so delicious. 

I was introduced to Ratchada by friends who recently moved to the area. After a day of walking around the city with them, we fortunately ended up here for dinner. We were a party of seven. Staff were able to accommodate the size of our group by moving tables around with no problem. 

The interior of Ratchada is beautiful, with all the dark wood and decorations. And it has a very relaxed and chill atmosphere (even though there were a number of other diners that evening having conversations and enjoying their meals). 

We were served with iced metal cups for our waters, and also ordered Thai iced teas - after walking around all day, we were beyond parched. Some of us ordered appetizers along with a main meal. I often will order something vegetarian so my partner and I can sample each other's dishes. We tried - 

- Kanom Gui Chai (this was SO good! it's the crispy chive cake)
- Thai Veggie Roll
- Lovely Eggplant Vegetarian Entree
- Wild Ginger

Some of the dishes that our friends ordered were Pad Kee Mao Noodles, Pad Prik King, and Massaman Curry. I'm not sure if it is written in the menu, but you can also order Khao Soi - a coconut milk curry dish from Northern Thailand with egg noodles and crispy noodles. Our one friend ordered it and, when I saw it come out of the kitchen, in my head I swore that I would order it next time we go there. 

In sum, highly recommend Ratchada if you are in Philly. So good and a great dining experience.
Out for the night with my brother who lived in Thailand for years and he gave this place the thumbs up so I would say that's pretty good. He's super picky. 

I love all of the vegetarian options! The entire back page of the menu is vegetarian!  

My girls had the veggie soup with rice and tofu. They were decent sized bowls for $5 and they had leftovers. 

I had the Tom Yum Pak (Veggie Lemongrass Soup) $4.95 
Thai style hot & sour soup, tofu, mixed vegetables, onion, lemongrass, lime leaves, basil, galangal & mushroom which was delish!! I never saw red onion in soup before. It was a great addition! I'm going to have to try that! 

We split the tofu peanut satay which were big skewers of triangles. The sauce was great and perfectly tangy. The tofu could have been a little crispier nevertheless, yummy. 

We also got the Buddha Dumpling $5.95 
(Fried delicious dumplings filled with mixed vegetables served with soy vinaigrette sauce veggie) which were very flavorful. Fried, but oh so good. The salad garnish was actually great. The dressing was yummy. Not sure what it was, but it was goooood. I wanted to take a bottle home. 

My meat eating brother got the beef jerky app $6 (Marinated beef tenderloin, lemongrass, Load herbs) which he said was good but not exactly what he used to get overseas. 

He also got the chopped chicken salad (Cooked ground meat, dried chili, shallot, lime juice, ground-roasted sticky rice, cilantro, scallions) he really enjoyed. 

We all tasted the sticky rice which was served in the traditional basket which was fun. 

Presentation of everything was nice. My kiddos love the carrot flowers. 

The place is cute. Some crystal chandeliers and tradition Thai decor. 

A few couples on dates. So I would say it's a go for a date.

They host parties there also. 

Service was quick and the server was friendly. Didn't understand a ton of English but enough to get everything right.

We found a spot right out front and were sat immediately on a Wednesday night. 

We will be back. So many more options to try. Pad Thai. Curry dishes. Drunken noodles. Papaya salad. And the sautéed Thai eggplant looked awesome with onion, bell pepper, string beans, carrot, broccoli, and tofu in spicy garlic basil sauce
I don't know why it's taken me so long to review. I've ordered delivery a number of times, and it's always correct and delicious. Order tonight was large, and there were no mistakes (even with special requests, etc), they labeled every box, and all food was hot and perfect. I also feel like they have more unique items than other Thai places in the city (ex: corn cake appetizer, Thai iced tea cheesecake). Never dined in, so unsure about that.
From the area, craving some Thai food. I've been to ratchada before and it was okay; but heard new ownership took over and wanted to give it a second go around. 

The restaurant definitely took a step in the right direction and we had a hell of meal. The Thai dumplings were awesome, as part of the sampler. The curry was perfectly sweet and spicy. 

The kicker was their fried fish, see photo. It was crisp and fluffy - big recommend. 

Definitely will make my way back here again.
Have known this place since it was under previous ownership as Café de Laos. It is a bit better under this iteration, although I liked the previous iteration too. Perhaps the menu is a bit overly large for what it is able to pull off. Service is extremely friendly, although kitchen is a bit on the slow side if you order in (takeout is pretty quick). Ton of good options, especially on the appetizer side, but entrees are solid too. Have tried or heard from friends about all of these.

Appetizers: Chicken Satay (outstanding), Thai Spring Roll, Tulip Dumpling, Fish Cake, Fried Calamari, Thai Crepes, Salmon Dumpling, Koong Sarong (outstanding), Sai Krog (excellent), Beef Jerky, Thao Sampler, Laos Sampler.

Soups: Tom Yum (chicken and shrimp), Tom Yum Nam Khon (chicken), Tom Kha (chicken and shrimp), Tom Zap (chicken and shrimp).

Salads: Som Tum Thai, Som Tum Lao, Laab (any; outstanding), Pla Duk Foo, Yum Ped, Seafood Salad (outstanding)

Noodle Entrees: Pad Thai (any), Lard-Na (Beef), Seafood Creamy Tom Yum Noodle, and Ka Nom Jeen Kang Kai

Fried Rice Entries: Kao Pad Pu, Fried Rice (any), Pineapple Fried Rice (any), Green Curry Fried Rice (any), Kao Pad Poe Teak (any).

Chef Special: Ratchada Duck, Chu Chee Duck, Andaman, Samui, Pad Ped Pla Duk, Hor Mok Laos (beef and catfish), Stuffed Pepper

Vegetarian Dishes: Veggie Samplers (outstanding), Ratchada Madness, Tofu Delight.

Curry Entrees: Green Curry (shrimp and chicken), Red Curry (beef), Massaman Curry (chicken), Om Laos (Beef)

Sauteed Entrees: Pad Prik King (Shrimp), Pad Ka Na Moo Grob, Pork Jungle

Steamed Fish.

Desserts: Mango Sticky Rice, Fried Bananas, Coconut Ice Cream, Thai Tea Cheesecake
I was craving for Tom Yum soup. Figure I try Ratchada.   I ordered Tom Yum soup with Seafood and Sai Krog. Sai Krog is a Laotian sausage entree. 

The Tom Yum soup I asked to be very spicy. Which indeed it was very spicy. But is also pretty sweet. So is more like sweet and spicy. The Tom Yum soup I'm used to was sour and spicy, there is no sweetness. I guess that's the Americanized Thai&Lao. 

If you like marinated/flavored sausage, try Sai Krog. It taste good. Food wise, deserves 2 star. But the service is good. The cashier is super friendly on the phone. She have infinite patience even when I got gazillion of questions lol.
Great Thai Cuisine, Great Atmosphere, Great Service!
The problem with most Asian Restaurants in Philadelphia, is that they either have a nice atmosphere with either fair food & service, or great food with a poor atmosphere.  After dining here with Friends, I can tell you that Ratchada has both atmosphere, great service, and excellent food!  
   Serving Traditional Thai dishes,  cooked Perfectly,  in a Warm, Cozy, environment.  Service is top notch.  The Ratchada Duck was cooked perfectly, not greasy, not dried out, and served with tender vegetables, and Jasmine Rice.
   The Laotian Sausage Appetizer was a Hit as well as the Fried Shrimp Appetizer.  The Soup looked very good as well as the Fried Catfish dish.  Service was attentive, and Top Notch.  I can't wait to go back.  Parking is available for free at the Plaza across the street.
Enjoy, Chef Gary Curry!
The relatively nondescript exterior of this place (and of 11th street) can be deceiving, because the beautiful decor and warmth that radiates from the interior really transport you to a different place. I came here on Wednesday night. The restaurant was probably about half full. It's not very loud, so it was a great choice for a small gathering with friends. I'm thinking of bringing my family here next time they are in town. 

The service was very smooth, and I felt the food was very authentic. Having well traveled and tried a great variety of different ethnic foods, I was pleasantly surprised at the large selection of new food items they had that I've never heard of or seen in Philly. 

We had the Thai Sampler and the sticky rice with beef jerky as appetizers. They were both delicious, all coupled with some very good sauces. As entrees, we had some curry dishes, Laab Chicken, and the Ratchada Duck. My dish was the duck, which had very crispy skin and very great flavor. This duck is better prepared than some of the Peking duck dishes I've tried in some Chinatown restaurants. I did not really get a chance to try the other entrees at my table, but I heard a lot of compliments about them. 

For dessert, we had the mango sticky rice, Thai tea ice cream, and fried bananas and chocolate. The ice cream, while served in a very cool-looking glass, was very icy and only faintly tasted like Thai tea. However, the mango sticky rice and fried banana rolls were tasty and different from typical dessert offerings. I really enjoyed my meal here and look forward to coming back at some point soon!
Amazing. As always. I've eaten here 4 times. Ratchada never disappoints. The ingredients are fresh, the flavors are well balanced and the authentic Thai/Laos cousins has a bit of modern flare.  

My favorite is the Ratchada duck. I get it every time. It makes me happy every time. All other foods are rotated. Today, it was the coconut soup, the puffs, and beef curry fried rice in addition to the duck. Left completely satisfied and with lots of leftovers. The sticky rice is always fantastic even though I didn't get it today - too full. The cost is very reasonable given the quality and quantity. 

Service is super friendly and always accommodating. This business took a hit due to the closures by city dictators so do take care of them if possible. 

I'll go back. You should try it too.
First time coming in here, and I am in loved with this place!!!! 

The environment is so FRIENDLY and SUPER CLEAN especially during this pandemic.. 

ALL THEIR FOOD WAS AMAZING!! OMG!!!
Please try their Fried Calamari if your coming to order here. It's amazing!!!! 

If you like spicy curry, you can order the green curry because they're spicy but amazing!!! And if you can't handle that much heat then I would recommend the Massaman Curry its less spicy but amazingly good!! 

Our server was super sweet and she made sure we were comfortable and taken care of the whole time. 

I WOULD DEFINITELY RECOMMEND THIS PLACE WITH OTHERS AND WILL BE COMING BACK.

And oh they are BYOB!! :)) 


THEY ARE OPEN FOR ONLINE ORDERS / TAKE OUT / DINE IN :))
One of the few good Thai restaurants in Philly. Good flavor and portions I liked it. As nice decorations and seems pretty legitimate from what I remember but I'll need to go back again
came here with 4 of my friends and had a great time! our server was very helpful and nice. BYOB is always a plus

we started with a sampler platter and the curry puff pastry. these were all delicious, not that much food though for 5 people so would def recommend ordering a little bit more than you think, the portions are meant for family sharing.

we then got the ratchada duck, drunken noodles, lemon grass fried rice, and green curry. again, this wasn't TOO much food for 5 people. i'm used to bigger portions in chinatown places

the duck, fried rice and curry were all flavorful and delicious but the drunken noodles were a bit strange! they had this red type of sauce that i'm not used to and made it a bit salty.

other than that though, everything was good! definitely will be back!
Came here on a whim with a friend who was visiting from Ithaca NY.  We had a wonderful experience!  The food was very flavor and fragrant.  My boyfriend raved that it was the best Pad Thai he ever had - and I especially like how it wasn't so oily like I've seen with other Pad Thai dishes.  We also experimented by trying the Ka Nom Jeen Kang Kai (Green Curry Noodle), which I really enjoyed.

On top of all of this, the service was outstanding.  Our server was very pleasant, and you could tell that the manager really cared about your overall experience.
Amazing Crispy Duck awaits.. I stumbled across this gem And was amazed.. The delivery arrived piping hot and swiftly.. Enjoy
Oh ...my god ! Me and my husband spent 45mn driving to try this Thai restaurant. The place was not busy, they were only had 8 customers and so many empty tables in the restaurant. But the hostess didn't greet us or show us to our table. She just stood at the receptionist desk and told us to wait. She wasn't doing anything but stood there.
We got tired of waiting so we just took apon our selves and grabbed our own table. 
The hostess finally came to our table and gave us some menu. She only set 2 plates at our table, no silverware.
We order Thai spring rolls, papaya salad, green Thai curry, and chicken Thai basil.
When the spring rolls and papaya salad arrived, she told us to please enjoy. We told her we can't because there is no utensil to eat with.
Her excuse was she was so busy that she forgot all about it. ( because we are Asian customers)
We waited like an hour before our next course came. The service here is very slow.
The hostess seemed to be very attentive to mainly American customers in the restaurant, but she ignore Asian customers there. ( maybe she's thinking Asian no money .. Look like American customers)
Overall the food is just average. It not terrible, it's just edible.
But when I got home, I have a bad stomach ache. 
So now I changed my minds. Their food is bad. Don't asked me about tips , no way for horrible customers service like that . Let me tell you , if your guy want to try Asian food ..you have to check that restaurants  have Asian  come in a lot or not ? If Asian food  without  Asian..That's  much , you have to think  about that , what  is wrong with that business  . No more this  restaurant. I feel I waste my time .
Please don't waste your hard earned money at this Thai restaurant. You will only regret it in the end.
Ratchada has changed hands again and has brought in a new chef. It's moving away from the asian fusion items and is aiming for a more authentic Thai menu. And that's all for the good!

The other news is that they are now serving lunch weekdays, something they haven't done for a long time. We happened to be walking by this afternoon after a trip to the nearby Asian shopping plaza and noticed a lunch sandwich board outside.

The dining room was cozy and nicely decorated with Thai art.

They serve a full menu all day, but the lunch menu featured a few curries, pad thai and pad kee mao in a slightly smaller portion with a side chopped salad and a Thai iced tea.

My friend declared the red curry the best she ever had. My pad kee mao (drunken noodles) were well prepared and delicious.

I'll be back!
As Winter is quickly coming to Philadelphia, I find myself in the mood for hot, spicy thai curry.  This time is was Penang Curry. I have been here many times for dinners with friends and find it to be one of the best options for BYOBs in this part of the city. On this visit though, it was about take out.

Order and pay online and then it is simply a quick wait. The Penang curry was perfectly spiced (4/5 star heat) and the bowl was filled to the top. That said, a tip is to ask for an extra side of rice. The sauce is great and even just having rice mixed with the sauce as another meal sounds great to me. 

Here's to many Winter nights ahead being warmed by the curries of Ratchada.
We order from here at least twice a month since we have the pleasure of living nearby, and we've been having a lot of fun jumping around the menu and exploring. Some favorites are: 
-papaya salad 
-Thai crepes: these guys are a little loosely assembled/can quickly become messy, but they're delicious and worth the mess! 
-Laos sausage: Can't place what makes them taste different from other sausage, but we get this every time 
-Pineapple fried rice: I know, you're thinking, why would you get that here? But the rice is so well seasoned!
This is the best authentic Thai and Laos restaurant I've ever tried in the U.S. Everything is so good, from food to service. Recommend you guys trying the Ratchada Duck, steam squid, steam fish, pad Thai and mango sticky rice. The waitress is so kind and helpful. 10 stars  
P/S: I wish they open one here in New Orleans
This place has been my vice for the last couple months.. so I feel obligated to leave a review. This is some of the best Thai food in the area. I normally get the drunken noodles, pad thai, or green curry. All dishes have been quality every time I order, regardless of if it's been on GrubHub or eating there. The service is equally at par; takeout orders are always ready early or on time, and wait staff are great. Ratchata isn't unique, per se, but it gets the job done consistently well and-- in a way-- that makes it special. I keep coming back!
Ratchada was a pleasant surprise!  Before new management took over and changed the name, this location had a rather bad reputation - I'm happy to say that my experience here recently has changed that opinion.

We ordered the Laotian appetizer sample and found the Laotian sausage and beef jerky in particular to be very different from anything we'd had before and very tastey.  The papaya salad that was part of the sampler, however, was pretty lackluster and tasted a little too strongly of ground dried shrimp.  I'm a huge fan of fermented seafood flavors normally, but these tasted somewhat muddy and a bit too salty.

The fried catfish special was balanced really well between salty, sour, and quite spicy.  My only complaint would be that it didn't last long enough as the taste and texture were spot on.  It's quite approachable to just about anyone as well - there are no bones, it is not a whole fish presentation, so if you eat with friends who don't have a palate for Southeast Asian foods, this would be a safe bet.

Overall, I found the service and interior to be well suited as a date location - Ratchada is dim lit and ornately decorated with lots of indirect lightning.  It certainly doesn't have the lackluster ambiance of most of the restaurant within a block.  This shows in the clientele:  My girlfriend and I were the youngest people there.

I would strongly recommend the restaurant to both adventurous eaters and folks who just want a simple dish like phad Thai prepared the right way.
Good food, nice restaurant, and they have the best Thai tea that I ever tried. My favorite dishes are Ratchada duck, beef salad, and crab fried rice. Mango duck is must-have dish that you should try. Besides, their crab meat in fried rice is delicious, good quality.

Their food is not spicy , so if you love spicy food, u have to tell them. 

Update: I came back to eat their Ratchada duck (ruck & mango) and tried different dishes this time. Like usually, their duck & mango is perfect. On one hand, I was so in love with their crispy duck and cooked sweet mango. On the other hand, I was not impressed with their pipeapple fried rice, Thai Spring roll and coconut soup. It was little weird that they brought main dish (fried rice) before appetizers. 

P/S: mango sticky rice was 100 out of 100 dessert. But you to try it when it's hot.
I ordered for pickup and was greeted by a very friendly staff. She called me to let me know that the order was ready for pickup. What a service.

Pad Thai: I asked for it to be not spicy, but it still had some kick. It's so delicious. Perfect combination of sweet and spicy. Noodles were perfectly cooked. Not too much meat though but had flavorful chunks of fried tofu. Make sure you mix the sauce to blend the flavor evenly. 

Dessert: green sticky rice with sweet cream of coconut with half mango. The mango was super juicy and sweet. Great dessert. I wish they give the whole mango. The mango was still intact with the skin. 

Their container is made from paper instead of plastic so it's more environmentally friendly than the usual take out service.

I'm looking forward to trying different dish
I'll say not bad... when you first walk in, you notice the restaurant has a Thai influenced atmosphere  with the paintings, the table setups, and the Mini Thai statues, then you are greeted by the waiter. You are escorted to your table, are given water and menu at your table. As our apps, we got chicken satay and Tom yum soup. The chicken was tender, good, and had a curry taste to it along side with the sauce it comes with. The Tom yum soup had a nice spicy flavor. Next are the entrees. We got the red curry and chicken pad Thai. The red curry had a nice and silky, spicy texture to it but needed alittle bit more salt. The pad Thai was very good but it's like any other Thai place. The service was very friendly and we was taken care of very nicely. Overall rating: 4/5
They have a variety of Thai and Laos cuisine, even comparing others in Philly. I ordered Tom Yum Nam Khon soup at the first time. It was a little bit too spicy, but they modified spiciness at the second time. So, I will recommend to ask them about how spicy you'd like to have any soup or dish. They are so flexible to make it for you. I also ordered Thai Ginger. It had fresh veggie plus juicy chicken. That will be one of my favorites. Laos Papaya salad is good, as well. Also, I will recommend about several different kind of delicious Thai dim sum.
The food is absolutely 4 star. The service was a 1 star so I settled in the middle. We hope that it was just an off night so please note that this review is based on just one experience. The restaurant space is really lovely and sweet. 

After walking in we waited for a while to be greeted as one of the hostesses took a phone call and the other doodled without as much as acknowledging our presence.  She looked young. Maybe she was just hanging out and not actually working for the restaurant.  Not sure. 

Service was slowww.  We sat for 20 min before flagging down a waitress and asking for some wine glasses for our bottle that someone opened when we sat down. I'm not actually sure who was our waitress because we barely had anyone check in with us through the course of the meal unless we flagged someone down. 2.5 hrs into the meal and after lots and lots of waiting and time between each dish we asked to cancel our last dish and check out (we ordered a total of 5 things so 2.5 hrs dragged). 

I'm sure this place would make for great take out.
Ratchada is the most special restaurant in Philadelphia to me and my husband. They hosted our engagement party and catered our 11-person wedding during the pandemic. The food is always incredible and fresh and delicious, and the chef is so kind and generous. We are always referring people to Ratchada! It is far better than Kalaya, if you ask me!
Probably the best Tom Yom soup I've ever had in the US. Also ordered chicken satay and crab fried rice. Both very good. Chicken satay was very tender, and the sauce was better than many others. Will definitely visit again.
This was a surprise find when a group of girlfriends and I were craving Thai food. We got lucky with a last minute 7pm reservation on a Saturday night but I highly recommend making reservations in advance especially if it's a weekend and you intend to dine after 730pm because Boy..it Did get packed!! The food is yummy, spicy and flavorful. They have an extensive menu including an entire veggie menu although several of their dishes can be made vegetarian. I started with the Tom Yum Soup and Satay tofu which were both enjoyable and filling. I could have stopped there, but absolutely had to try to drunken noodles and absolutely did not regret the decision! The portion sizes are quite generous and we were pleasantly surprised by the reasonable overall bill. This place is BYOB. Service is Ok. Definitely one of my better Thai food experiences.
Came here with my boyfriend for the first time. I was looking for new restaurants to try, and decided to try this one based on its good yelp reviews. I was not disappointed! When we first entered, I noticed the very traditional Thai setting. It had a very classy and fine dining atmosphere. The table setting was really fancy, yet it was a smaller restaurant. I really enjoyed the quiet and classy traditional environment.

 We did family style and shared the fried calamari, creamy Tom yum noodles soup and the Thai basil beef. They were all excellent! The sauce for the fried calamari was really different, but complimented the fried calamari perfectly. My boyfriend said he has had really good Tom yum from Thailand once, and said that was the best Tom yum he had ever had, but he said the creamy Tom yum noodles was almost equivalent to that he had at Thailand! The flavors of the Thai basil beef was amazing, my only complaint was the string beans to be blanched for a bit longer. The Thai tea was also perfect and one of the best Thai teas I've had in Philadelphia.
I have died and gone to a foreign land known as Thailand. OMG...I love Thai food, actually I love Asian food, period! My friend and I came here on a cold Thursday night after the gym and we looked like a hot sweaty mess and craving Thai food. 

The place was almost empty and the lady was so welcoming to us. My hair stylist recommended this place a few weeks ago but I just now had to courage to dig out of my igloo from our weekly winter storms. We started with spring rolls and chicken satay. You can't really mess up spring rolls and for the most part they all tend to blend in taste from all the other restaurants. Let's just stay that within my first bite, their spring rolls stood out above the rest. The chicken satay was great and that peanut dipping sauce was heavenly. 

I always order Pad Thai from Circles and other Thai establishments so I decided to go off on the deep end and ordered something I've never had. My friend and I were both enthralled by the oven roasted stuffed red pepper. I love anything stuffed! The dish came out, amazing presentation, 2 giant grilled red peppers stuff with ground beef, glass noddles, chopped peppers, onions and seasoning, next to a scoop of rice, veggies and Thai sweet/sour red sauce. We could not believe how amazing that dish was. We rave about it to each other and the server. The serving portion was more than enough. It was an amazing experience that it's going to take a lot for Circles to win back some of my business.

Ratchada's prices were appropriate for the quality and quantity. This place is also BYOB. I'm looking forward to coming back and my next meal with be the Crispy Duck Choo Chee.
YO so....

My father came to visit me and we wanted to go get Thai.  So I suggest we go to the one Thai place in S.Philly I have not been to yet.  We walk in and not one person was inside, I thought it was closed but then our server walked out from behind some weird partition and sat us.  She was attentive to us our whole meal

The interior is nice and elegant but very relaxed and comfortable.  

We split an appetizer of these egg noodle covered shrimp jawns which was pretty good.  The shrimp were HUGE....

everything came out in a very reasonable amount of time

I got the red curry w/chicken, my father got the thai basil w/chicken.  My god it was some of the best red curry I've ever had.  The peppers and bamboo were so fresh.  The curry was spiced perfectly.  My dad said it was some of the best Thai food he's ever had and he lived in Thailand for a year....  The presentation of food was also nice.  moderately priced.

To sum it up this is my new Thai place.  Better than circles by a long shot.  I'd probably take a girl here that i kinda like.  5 stars!
Ordered through Eat24 for delivery and it was great!

The panang curry was. SPOT on , perfectly sweet and smooth. The green curry was also so flavorful. 

Loved the pad see ew - perfectly chewy thick noodles! The drunken noodles were fine but nothing special. 

Of note, they got the spiciness level just right and we ordered 5 items at varying spiciness. I definitely appreciate that. 

Will be ordering delivery from here again!
This has got to be some of the best, most authentic cuisine I've eaten in Philly. I find that a lot of restaurants are skimpy on their portions and lack flavor and love (the most important ingredient). The service here at Ratchada was amazing, friendly, attentive and professional. The food was flavorful, fresh, authentic and clearly crafted by someone who knows and loves what they do in the kitchen. I will be here again soon. And you should go, too!
A Laos/Thai restaurant in the South Philly area where many Vietnamese restaurants thrive? Say whaaaa??? 

I frequent this place a lot and I have also ordered take out. My favorites are: Laos papaya salad, laab duck, and the Laos beef appetizer. I am Cambodian and papaya salad is a favorite for us. I really like how they add green beans in the salad. Gives it a nice crunch. 

BYOB...need I say more?

The place is decorated with lots of beautiful Thai art and sculptures and there are candles on every table. Would be a great date spot. I really wish they would play thai or laos music instead of songs I can hear when I turn on the radio. I just think it would add to the experience and atmosphere of the restaurant.
Place is very quiet and beautiful, but the food quality not so much, this place is pretty pricey and has small portions. I had the fried calamari as my appetizer, which was very sweet and drenched in the sweet and sour sauce. I had the Pad Thai as my entree. It was alright, I had better for cheaper. And had some of the Pad Si Ew, which was my least favorite. It did not look appetizing. It was served on a very big plate, with the food served all on one side of the big plate. The eggs were cooked in a way such that it looked like paste or non existent. Small portions and lots of unfinished food, just didn't enjoy the food. Overall, was not pleased with the foods. Reviews and pictures are very convincing on Yelp but I felt mehhh...
This place was my go-to back when I lived in Philly a few years back. Their pad Thai and drunken noodles used to satisfied this amateur college student..

Def get the Thai milk tea, one of the few spots where the tea has a kick of saltiness which made the drink much more enjoyable than pure sweetness.

The tom yum nam khon was a great start. Although I wish it was a tad less sweet. The Laos papaya salad was my personal favorite of this meal! Full of flavors and level 2 of spice choice was just perfect for most of us to enjoy. If I had to choose which entree to recommend, it'd be the drunken noodle. The flavors are def bolder than the rest.

The Tom Kha was unexpectedly way too sweet we had to be the bad customers who returned it to the kitchen. The server told us it was made correctly and it is how it was suppose to taste. I'm not sure if this Tom Kha was made from a different region of Thailand cause I have never tasted any Tom Kha this sweet ever before. She did make an effort to have it fixed but it was still too sweet for our taste.

This restaurant cannot handle too many customers. There were 3 tables including ours and one of those were a large family table about 8-10 people. Along with a few takeouts, the service was exceptionally slow. Our 6 entrees were served in 3 different time intervals of about 5-10 mins in between. By the time my noodles came out, we were ready to pack up everything.

Not sure if I'd come back for after this but a quick lunch of Thai tea and drunken noodle should satisfy anyone who needs a quick bite in the area
Thai this Thai that. Great neighborhood eatery. Very original. Amazing coconut soup, pad Thai and fried dumpling. Authentic as the people that work there. Not as friendly service, but the food makes up for it. Awesome location.
Found out this place accidentally because we are so hungry from running an errand around here. The food are so authentic which we live it so much as we are Thai.  We order papaya salad Thai style, Prapao Ground Chicken and Definitely Pad Thai. Taste are so amazing. Presentation is outstanding. We did not take picture as we are so hungry!
this place is incredible. Best Thai I've had in philly. The BEST. I am obsessed with pad see yew and have been on the search for the best one in Philly since I moved here from Pittsburgh. I thought I'd never find a place as good as my spot in Pittsburgh but This is IT.OMG. it is so good. The spice was just right too. They're so accommodating and let you add your own spice and I loved it. The noodles and sauce were the best I've had. I cannot express enough how good this place is. It's a little off the main path too so it was so easy to get a table inside on Saturday night which is a must during these terrible times. I'm in love and can't wait to come back next week lol. I tried kalaya and it was so bad.... RATCHADA HAS THE BEST THAI IN PHILLY. so glad I found it.
I don't know what was up with the last reviewer, but I have been herea number of times and never had a problem. The food is always good, with few problems. The Pad Thai and the Thom Gah Khai soup are very very very well made. The Lunch Special can't be beat.

The only issue I had, is the credit card machine was down the day I was there, and the waiter neglected to tell us till it was time to pay the bill. As I didn't have any cash on me that made things awkward. I went to the local 7-11 to get money but insisted that they take the service charge off, and they did.
New ownership.  Very fresh ingredients and delicious food.  Had heard that the ownership changed and food had improved tremendously.  We were not disappointed!  Started with delicious thai dumplings and crepes.  Shared a fish dish, shrimp pad thai and a massaman curry.  Best thai food that we'd had in quite a while.  Will return and bring some neighborhood friends.  Did I mention that this was a BYOB?  Great food, great value -- glad we gave it a try!
Not bad for Philly. Philly really lacks authentic Thai food. We have a long way to go to becoming ethnically diverse in terms of food. A lot of restaurants in the area tend to Americanize their food in fear that the authentic flavors will be too extreme for the American palette. That being said, this restaurant is no different in some ways, but in others was pretty solid. Have the papaya salad, and if you can handle spice, have them make it "Thai Spicy." Try the Tom Zap soup (tangy and salty), and also the Laab. Skip the Yum Woon Sen. I would avoid the sautéed dishes too if you're looking for an authentic Thai experience. If not, then go for anything! It all looked pretty good.
Having lived near Tamarind for years and loving their food, I was so happy to find this gem in our new neighborhood!  The décor is so authentic and cozy, not what you would expect to find at a restaurant on 11th and Washington next to a 7-11!  The service is always really great, explaining different dishes nicely.  The food is so good and you get so much for your money...and its BYOB!  I always get the drunken noodles and my boyfriend always gets the thai basil, both with chicken, and we split the Thai papaya salad...and the total is just over $30!!  We have seen small parties there too, so it could be a good option for a birthday dinner or a small 10-15 person gathering.  Highly recommend!!
We went to Ratchada on a Saturday afternoon. We were originally going to Pho and 75 but at the last minute we decided we wanted Thai. 

Ratchada is very pretty restaurant located on 11th St. just off Washington. The decor is very rich and beautiful. The restaurant seemed immaculately clean. The thing I really liked about Ratchada is they offer their lunch special menu on Saturday. Most Asian restaurants that offer lunch specials usually only do this during Monday through Friday. Their lunch specials are a great deal at $7.95 that includes soup. Ratchada had 4-5 soups to choose from and 8 to 9 main dishes on their lunch special menu. 

We really liked the food, it wasn't the best Thai we have had locally, but it was still very good. We would definitely go back when in the area. We would also like to try Ratchada for dinner.
I lived in Thailand for a little over a year and I enjoy this place more than most (if not all) Thai restaurants I have eaten at in Philly. The Laab is possibly the best I have had in the US. Other dishes I like are the beef jerky (really), the goong sarong, and chicken satay. The pad thai is also pretty good. I will say this, spiciness level varies greatly each time I order. Sometimes "Thai spicy" is somewhat spicy and the next time it is incredibly so. Don't let that take away from the overall quality of this place. It is a BYOB, has a nice ambience in the restaurant, and has good service.
This place is a disaster. Bad food. Even worse service. Dunno why Philly has no good Thai places, but it's really a wasteland in that cuisine.

I waited for an hour and a half for takeout. They forgot it. Forgot that I was there. Didn't apologize. And I left. We ordered Mexican, but our friends had to scrape together food for their kids after waiting so long. I wouldn't wait that long for the best Thai food in the world- let alone takeout. I've eaten here about 4 times and it's just gotten worse and worse. 

Avoid it.
Very good Thai restaurant for delivery, the best we ve tried for now, meals very tasty and in a right amount.
Fast delivery (only 20 minutes instead of 60-70 indicated, and all the food was still very hot! Perfect experience, will order again for sure.
This place is as good as it gets! 

BYOB with a very authentic down to earth atmosphere. The new owner takes pride in the food she serves, and she cooks from the heart. The Thai dumplings and the fish are are amazing. Everything we have tried has been so flavorful and delicious. This restaurant is a neighborhood staple, so if you have a craving for amazing Thai you found it.
The food is fantastic. Probably the best Thai we've had outside of NYC in the states. The Pad See Ew, Laab, Tom Yum, and Beef Salad are emerging as our favorites but looking forward to exploring her menu further. Also, it's byob!
This place is absolutely delicious!! Everything here is affordable and every time you're done you'll be wanting more. The staff is friendly and very accommodating. My daughter has shellfish allergies and they highlighted every dish and warn us of any oyster sauce that was used. I've been here 5 times in one month. It's so addicting!!
So excellent. Haven't had a bad dish. Favorites are pad Thai, Pannang curry, basil strir fry, iced coffee, any of the appetizers.
This restaurant is A-ok. The atmosphere is actually pretty sweet. Nice touches with regard to the decor and a sweet quiet spot. The service was good. Attentive and accommodating. Our appetizer was good but the food was just okay. If I lived closer (I'm in West, this is in South) I am pretty sure I would order take out from here, but as a restaurant-food-experience, I'm not sure I would dine here again, although I do like that it is a BYOB.  The pork that was in my dish was overcooked and dry. The spicieness was on point but I had a hard time enjoying because of the overcooked pork.  It wasn't bad...it just wasn't great. But it is a nice spot with good people.
We came for lunch after a recommendation. It did not let us down. My fiancé and I tried 5 different appetizers to sample different things. 
The Thai dumplings paired really well with the sauce for a sweet and savory taste. The skin was thin and crispy. 
The calamari was the best I've ever had and deserves its own paragraph. I usually don't like calamari because of the chewy texture. The calamari here was so soft, almost melting in your mouth. It came in a crunchy and very tasty batter. The sauce was the perfect amount of spicy. 
The crepes were good and I enjoyed it on its own. 
The Khao Jee Ping (fried sticky rice with beef and spicy dipping sauce) was really good too. The beef was good on its own, my opinion. The fiancé preferred the beef with the sauce and rice together. 

Overall, a great experience. Great ambiance, music, and the food was truly amazing. This will be a regular spot for us.
Perhaps the best Thai I've eaten

I ate here the other night with a group of friends. We ordered a number of plates and shared them family style.  Here were my favorite dishes in no particular order:

1 - Chicken lettuce wrap - These had so much flavor. I've had these at other restaurants over the years, but these are the best I've had. I especially like the fact that they use romaine lettuce rather than iceberg.

2 - Drunken noodles - We had them with beef.  Outstanding flavor, great texture, and the peppers were cooked just right. Possibly the best thing I ate all night.

3 - Dumplings - We had the pork and vegetable dumplings. I've never had a Thai dumpling before, so I don't have a baseline for comparison here. They were very good, and had a crisp outside with a nice chewiness to them.

4 - Vegetable Fried Rice - Pretty standard thai fried rice.

5 - Beef jerky - Completely unlike any jerky I've ever had.  Served hot, these thick strips of beef were easy to chew and had a great, simple flavor.

And while I didn't taste it myself, the pad thai looked delicious.

I'll more than likely be returning in the future.
I love this place. Great lemongrass fried rice. The green curry is a bit spicy for me, but the real place this Thai restaurant shines is its dessert. Who has Thai tea ice cream and why doesn't every restaurant ever?? Also, they have mango sticky rice year round. Dining in, there is a sweet, intimate atmosphere. It's also byob and right close to a beer and wine place. Also, the pad see-ew is so flavorful and the pad Thai isn't too saucy or peanutty. Just all around wonderful.
This is a nice little gem. I have eaten here quite a few times and have never been disappointed. 

They have great lunch specials which includes a soup and an entrée for a very fair price (under $10). Everything was fresh and well presented. I really enjoyed the Pad Thai and love the Jasmine Soup.

The decor is nice and I really like the music they play. Its all very relaxing and played at a great volume that still allows you to converse with a group of people. 

If you are like me you pay a lot of attention to the bathrooms when visiting a new place. I give the restrooms here a solid 6 out of 10. Very clean and odor free, and that makes me feel confident enough that the rest of the place is kept clean also.
The food is good and so are the portion sizes! Great BYOB place for authentic, tasty Thai food. However, the service was very slow. I would've given it 5 stars if the service was faster. My food came out first and it was another 5-8 minutes until my boyfriend got his. 

I highly recommend the Penang Curry if you like a creamier curry!
IF YOU LOVE THAI FOOD, LOOK NO FURTHER! 
My friends and I had a wonderful experience here. We loved the food, the service, the vibe, and everything about this place. 

We ordered a bunch of food and each plate had its own uniqueness. 

Highly recommend the chicken satay as an appetizer, the Ratchada duck chef special, Lard Na (I got shrimp) and crab fried rice.

The waitress provided exceptional service, was highly knowledgeable about the dishes since it was our first time here and gave great recommendations. 

Definitely will be back to try more stuff on their menu!
Went with a friend on a Sunday afternoon. We ordered the Thai Pork Spring Rolls, Green Curry Fried Rice with Chicken, and Red Curry with Chicken. 

Food came out in the manner they were meant to, the spring rolls came out first and it was piping hot... so it definitely was fresh. My friend and I raved about it, it was so delicious. It came with sauce and a small pickled salad (I think it was pickled... or brined, idk) but the salad had a kick to it!

Then the fried rice. I wanted a green curry, but it was my friend's first time eating Thai food so I didn't want to blow her head off and ordered the green curry fried rice for the table. It is enough for 2 very hungry people. The fried rice was great, there was a kick to it, probably from the tiny peppers in it. But we both loved spice so we enjoyed the dish!

The red curry was delicious and packed full with veggies and chicken. It came with a side of rice. We were both half way full by the time it came out, so we ate very little of it. So I took it home and have it as leftovers, still delicious and mildly spicy. 

Will come back again, and next time try the green curry! Oh also the decor inside, is sooo nice, loved it :)
Just an updated picture. Truly love this restaurant and have been so many times since the last review I made. My favorite Thai food restaurant in Philly by far.
We ordered take out one night, feeling Thai, not really sure where to go, and found this place and saw the good reviews. I tried to order fresh spring rolls, but they didn't have them, so I got coconut chicken soup- which was very good! I ordered red chicken curry and my husband got drunken noodles with shrimp. Both were so boring, and for $15 a piece we were both disappointed. We both also requested spicy and neither of us got it. It seems like other dishes might be better, but we most likely won't go back again. Sorry, Ratchada, we wanted to like you.
Amazing food 
Taste is delicious
Phone service excellence
Delivery prompt
I am a connoisseur of Thai food and this place is amazing! 
I promise you will not be disappointed
Please make this your home meal- delivery
My cousins and I came in to catch up over some late night desserts. As always, it turned into a feast. LOL

They'll bring out the dessert tray and there were so many options to choose from. I highly recommend the chocolate Bombay. It was moist and fluffy on the inside. 

The fried bananas were waaaay too hot when they brought it out, but was warm and gooey with a nice crunch after you give it a second to cool off. So your patience will be rewarded!

The Thai iced tea cheese cake was exactly what you would imagine it to be and would be worth a try. 

The spring rolls were good, but nothing to write home about. The curry puffs were also in the same boat and were a little dry in the middle. 

To round it all out, the mango sticky rice was good but the mango could be more ripe. Still a solid choice!

The service was super nice and attentive. I would definitely come back!
If you haven't been here yet, you must try it! You are in for a friendly welcome, delicious food, warm atmosphere, and great experience.

My husband and I recently came here with my dad (who is a real meat-and-potatoes kinda guy), and we all loved it! All of our dishes were expertly prepared, with spot-on flavors and generous portions. We had the Lemongrass Fried rice with chicken, Pad Himmaparn, Pad Si-Ew, and Green Curry. Everything was boldly flavored, though sensitively prepared, especially when it came to toning down the spice level on a few dishes - something which the restaurant's previous incarnation (Cafe De Laos) could never get right. For dessert, we sampled the Thai tea cheesecake, which was a rich, creamy, traditional cheesecake, with a Thai twist.

The decor and music are much better than before, and the service is top-notch as well.  I hope that you will enjoy it as much as we did!
Came back since I been craving for their Thai food hmmm every time I came back this place remind me more and more of my grandmom back home. They make the food just the way my nany did. My order this time was green curry which i love!!! and i have tried many place but it wont beat this one. Their food have just the right taste and spice into it. No mysterious blank spot where you have to wonder ' what is this suppose to taste like? Or why it doesn't seem to taste like the food I ate in Thailand? ' NOPE! It was NONE OF THOSE!!! I'm glad every time I eat there it's just keep getting better and better. The chef are great if you get a chance you can ask if the chef can come out to talk to you because he 'Will'. All of the food and sauce and dessert and drinks he made it himself. He is a very hard working man and along side the owner of the restaurant they both are such great people. Any question you have just ask! Everyone there are so nice and love what they doing. See you again soon Ratchada ;)
Menu is a combination of Thai and Laoatian. Service was very slow and somewhat absurd.  We waited about 1 hour for our food to come out. By the time it did, moat people had forgotten what they ordered.  Starving, we dug in and finished about half a plate when the waiter returned and said/motioned that they mixed up our order. We could understand about 5% of what he was saying.  Then he took our half-eaten dish away and disappeared in the back.  Why would he take it? Were they going to re- serve it to other guests?  Anyway, we waited another 15 minutes for our replacement dish, which was honestly not as good as whatever it was they sent out first.  It's a BYO, so bring lots of booze because you'll have lots of waiting to do.  Also bring your own corkscrew... Or just don't go.
I wanted to try some place else other than Circles since our last visit there was sub par than before.  Sadly, our meal was just ok.  There was nothing to really rave about.  My lemongrass soup was not really hot (temperature wise).  The shrimp wrapped in egg noodles was a miss.  The shrimp was overcooked and the dipping sauce tasted like the chili sauce in a bottle.  The green curry with shrimp was satisfying though.  The thai basil with chicken did have a tasty sauce that accompanied the dish.  I think i'll stick to Circles next time.
My hubby is the pickiest eater in the world but he absolutely loves this place, we order from here at least once a week - since the Pineapple fried rice, as well as the salmon dumpling are AMAZEBALLS!
I have been love this place. A very nice people who serve you is one of the biggest sign in this place. The place will take you to an Asian like place. The food is very delicious. The price is very reasonable. The most of all you can order on-line and when it ready you can pick it up. It is very convenient. The website is nicely done. Most of all I totally love this place.
Tom Kai Guy was a little thin but delicious.  Laotian sausages were grilled pork with lemon grass- excellent,  I had stuffed tomatoes, perfect, light and with coconut milk rice. Tasted fresh and not heavy like much asian food.  Tried other dishes like Corn Cakes (yum!) and Stuffed Eggplant (not spicy although 1 chili rated) which is what I will have on my next visit.  This place is highly recommended by many.
Tried many of the dishes. Very well balanced flavors and options. From Pad Thai to Green Curry among others I can't spell, nothing was too salty or too sweet.

Our new favorite for Thai food in Philadelphia...eat in and byo or takeout.
I've been to this place for awhile now. First off, they probably have the best thai food in philly that I have found. Their papaya salad & crab fried rice are amazing, but their pad thai can be a hit or miss depending on the days. But overall everything on the menu is very decent.

Service is great. The servers there are very nice to us, they remember & greet us every time we come back here. The decor is quite nice as well. Overall, I'm very pleased with this restaurant. Highly recommend!
My friend and I went to Ratchada last night for a girls night dinner date. She was a little hesitant about Thai food at first but it was AMAZING. I had the lemongrass creamy chicken soup which was everything I wanted and little bit of what I didn't expect. Then we shared an exquisite and beautiful Thai Sampler, absolutely everything on the plate was delicious. To finish the night we shared green curried fried rice which was savory with a little kick! 

I honestly do not know why this place is not pack every single night. The service is fast and friendly. The food is extremely delicious, portions are large, and it doesn't make you feel gross afterward because most of it is pretty healthy. It is also a gorgeous atmosphere and the presentation of your food is almost too good to eat! The price is just right, especially for all the effort put into the food, perfect for a reasonable date night!

Try it and it won't disappoint.
Laos and Thai food are very similar. The Laos sampler was very good. I had to order a side of sticky rice to eat with it. Delicious.

Stuffed pepper was awesome. The sauce is a tangy sweet flavor which complimented the stuffed peppers. The mok chicken was lacking in flavor. But ok. Lard Na beef was good but smaller on portion. Phad Thai was good.

Thai tea was great. Perfect! The deserts: mango with sweet rice was lacking in the sweet coconut rice. The chocolate banana egg rolls were perfect. Yummy. Thai tea ice cream was delicious.

Perfect family dinner with the kids. This place is absolutely stunning in the interior decor. Byob is also a plus. Parking is hectic. Enjoyed the meal here.
As we all know, good Thai food is relatively difficult to find in Philadelphia.  I recently decided to take a chance on Ratchada and boy am I glad that I did.  

Highlights include a cozy interior with elephants to spare, attentive and friendly staff, delicious pad Thai/drunken noodle/coconut milk soup/beef salad/Thai crepes, and perhaps most importantly, it is BYOB. I have already been back a second time and I plan on making this a regular dine out location for my friends and myself.  Do yourself and your taste buds a favor, try this place.
Food: 3.5
Decor: 4
Ambiance: 3
Service: 3.5
Value: 4

Prices are reasonable, and its made even better because it is a BYOB. There is a nice atmosphere that usually is lacking in a suburban strip mall Thai restaurant. Would definitely consider a return visit.
Went here today at 4:30pm.  Has kind of a "hidden" vibe - looks relatively formal with ornate table clothes.  This place is clean and orderly.  When I sat down, it was obvious these people paid attention to finer details of things.  This is Thai and Laotian cuisine and they're not messing around.  

Ordered the creamy lemongrass soup with chicken.  A nice bowl of soup - nothing exceptional considering the neighborhood it's in.  But it did appear to be very fresh and nicely seasoned - not sure about how the mushrooms and chicken were incorporated the dish.  They were just kind of there.  If I were to get this again, I would probably go with the shrimp option.  

I ordered the Laos sampler - I think this is a great dish if you wanna check out a few different things going on.  

On the sampler, there were crispy spring rolls.  Mine were not quite "kit-kat" sized, but they were beautifully crisped and there wwere such delicate nuances of flavor in the filling.  Served with a sweet chili sauce - I'm assuming it's house made because it was unlike most that I've tasted.  FAR BETTER than the commercial sweet chili sauce found in stores.

Also, on the sampler, there was beef jerky.  This was very intensely flavored (think chilies and garlic) hunks of flank.  This jerky is very chewy, but I think this is how it is made in Laos.  A french chef would never cook flank like this, but that's why it's cool.  This element of the sampler will appeal to the carnal meat eater.  

The sausage was also a part of the sampler. A finely ground pork sausage with lemongrass and coriander notes.  It is cooked perfectly - charred nicely on the outside and moist on the inside.  Theses sausages were simple, but they displayed obvious precision and skill.  

Also, on the sampler were very small dices of chilies and lime, alongside a fine julienne of fresh ginger.  It was fun being able to incorporate them into bites of the other items on the sampler.  I think pairing the lime with the beef jerky is a complementary.

For me, my favorite part of the sampler was the papaya, carrot and daikon salad.  This was unlike most carrot and daikon salads I've had at Vietnamese places - it had chopped tomato, thinly sliced romaine and seemed to be dressed differently - perhaps with some soy or some other ingredient.  

I also had some coconut rice in addition to the sampler.  Just the right amount of coconut flavor - really good.  

I finished that up with the Thai cheesecake dessert.  This was like the culinary equivalent of an orgasm.  The curd was just perfection - the crust was also light and was the perfect backbone for the cake.  This was served alongside what I believe to be a passion fruit sauce of some kind.  This dessert is definitely on the sweet side of things, for those who don't really like desserts, but this dessert was really quite excellent.

There is also a genuine kind hearted approach toward hospitality here.  This isn't wam-bam-thank you, ma'am type of place you find around this like area.  There is some serious serenity here.
Good food, nice restaurant, and they have the best Thai tea that I ever tried. My favorite dishes are Ratchada duck, beef salad, and crab fried rice. Mango duck is must-have dish that you should try. Besides, their crap meat in fried rice is delicious, good quality.

Their food is not spicy , so if you love spicy food, u have to tell them.
Ted Talk Thai? Not that the movie means anything or sounds like a lame date in Palo Alto. Not bad. Millennials turn back to 90's chapter verse..
boy am I happy to find this place after craving for some thai food! I highly recommend the laab salad. It is light and refreshing, full of an explosion of flavors.  The ambiance is romantic with themed tasteful decor.  100% a new philly favorite of mine!
I have been here twice twice for dinner and it was fabulous each time.
Beautiful decor,  very cool, low music so conversation may be had.
Then the food. 
Corn cakes, chive cakes. chicken satay,  Buddha dumplings. yum yum.
Don't forget dessert, fried banana and chocolate and omg fried coconut pie.
Please patronize this restaurant we need places like this!
Ok.  I am clearly in the vast minority here.  I ordered fried rice with chicken and a red curry dish. My bad that I requested spicy for the curry.  As it was so hot that I could not eat more then 3 bites.  I'll take that one.  But it was also had an unpleasant sweetness. As did the fried rice.  And the chicken in both dishes was dry dry dry. 

Threw both in the trash after just a few bites!  $30 wasted.
My new favorite Thai spot in the city! The Pad Thai is so perfect--the sauce is always on point. 

We also always get the vegetarian dumplings or vegetarian spring rolls. Both are amazing and a great size for the price. My boyfriend loves the Pad Kee Mao--again, sauce is always perfect and it has more veggies in the dish compared to other Thai places we have been.

Service here is always great. Whether I dine in or order delivery, the servers are always kind and genuine. 

Pro tip: they are BYOB! Also, card minimum is $15
Take long time for food, waited 45mins. Made me so angry. I don't know why they cooked one food but take too long time . I like the food here I have been here before, second time made me so upset.
Really delicious Thai / Laos food! The only reason they did not get a five star is because it took almost an hour to get our food.
Granted I had great company & we were so glad we ordered appetizers because otherwise we would be starving. But considering this was a Monday night, I would have expected faster service. It was also really crowded, which goes to show this is a local favorite.
Otherwise the service is great, the decor is so romantic and authentic looking & the food is delicious and fresh.
The duck here is better than any we have ever eaten.  The chef comes to your table hoping you are pleased.  The vegetable dishes and soups are so flavorful.
This has become our favorite restaurant.  So affordable!
Went to Ratchada last Friday night with a group of 10 looking for some interesting food. Very thankful we did. Service was very strong. Chef came out and talked to the table ahead of time, and told us about excellent specials herself, one of which was a very rarely found giant prawn--which was so good that I asked for the sauce alone to be boxed up to be taken home. Bottles and dishes promptly attended to on the table (we had a lot), glasses were promptly refilled (a key test of mine to see how well a table is being watched). Flavors, however, were what we sought, and boy, did we get. Just excellent. Vibrant. Interesting. Everyone remarked about it on the way home, and in social media thereafter. Decor in the restaurant is very interesting/high-end, and the bathrooms were in very good order (as George Perrier said, "A restaurant's kitchen is as clean as its bathrooms). Easy parking. Rare gem, and if you're looking for something at the next level, past Thai or Vietnamese, then go here. It's good. Very good.
Dined here with my other half and after much deliberation on deciding which restaurant to go to in the area, we were not disappointed!
For starters, we had TomSab-chicken, Lao PapayaSalad (which is really specific dish for me) both nicely presented and very tasty indeed including the Thai herbs, Thai ingredients and sweet chilli provided. For mains we had prawn PadThai with pineapple fried-rice. What was wondered me is the specific dishes taste pretty good ( I love my papayasalad so much with sticky fish and preserve crab) extremely tasty and fresh so we were very happy! I would definitely recommend dining here as I know for sure we will be back in the future.
Thai doesn't usually travel well -- yes I mean take out but I also mean to Philly. In fact, until we tried Ratchada, I was resigned to travel to Queens for a decent sampling of one of my fave cuisines. Now we get it in the comfort of our home or neighborhood.

After reading great reviews, we tried it once. Then again. And again. And I waited to review it, wondering if it was a fluke.

Yay that it wasn't.

I LOVE anything in their soy vinaigrette. We got this as a dipping sauce for the Thai dumplings which were delicious on their own, but even more flavorful with this sweet, and slightly spicy sauce.

The satay was fantastic -- perfectly cooked chicken skewers with peanut sauce that was just the Golidlocks consistency; not too thin, not too thick, but just right,

We've tried the pineapple fried rice, which, at most places, is fried rice with pineapples in it, but here, it tastes like the rice was cooked with the pineapples and has a slightly sweetness and more full taste.

And the entrees are also well-prepared. We had the Thai ginger once, and that was the one "miss." It tasted like the chicken was sort of throw into the sauce after the fact, rather than cooked in it. The next time, we had the Thai basil which was more like it. It had a bit more spice than we expected, but it was delicious. Everything tasted like it bathed in the sauce for awhile before making its way to us.

The prices are super reasonable and staff is friendly. It's now our go-to Thai.
I love every dishes we ordered. The foods are absolutely delicious. Friendly owner and staff, reasonable price, big portions, clean place, and easy to find a parking. It's BYOB. Highly recommend, I think it's the best Thai restaurant I try so far in PA. Will definitely come back again :)
