Forget your fancy salads, people. RFE is real high-quality eats at an average price tag. 

I've enjoyed lunch at Real Food Eatery twice now and I don't think you can get a more filling, more healthy, more delicious meal for $10, anywhere in Center City. The herb-rubbed chicken skewers are marinated and juicy, the brown rice cooked perfectly, the roasted beets are tender, the broccoli is garlicky and still has a little crunch. It reminds me of the meals I cook for myself for dinner-- in the best way. Protein, complex carb, veg. 

Note: Cans of La Croix are a splurge at $2.
Whether you eat in or take it to go, Real Food Eatery is a healthy and quick alternative for lunch or dinner at reasonable prices. 

You can create your own plate or bowl by starting off with a base which consists of either salad, rice or quinoa. Add to that a protein of your choice (hormone & antibiotic free, grass-fed, and sustainably raised). The last step allows you to add 2 healthy sides. They offer a unique selection of hot and cold sides. 

You can also order one of their signature bowls or salads.  I went with the warm goat cheese and beet salad. I found the portion plentiful and it was a hearty and delicious salad. I never thought I would say this, but I've developed a new found fondness for beets!
I'm torn between three and four stars for my first experience with Real Food Eatery. I've been wanting to try it for a while and finally decided to place a delivery order on one of a small handful of days last week when I opted for healthy foods over carbs, cheese, more carbs and alcohol. The holidays, am I right? 

I love the variety of choices for mains and sides. Don't like beets? No problem, there's about six other sides to select from. I went with salmon over brown rice, with sides of kale and mushrooms and parmesan broccoli. I also ordered a side of roasted apples. 

The food arrived and I was very happy with the size of the platter. I wanted to eat healthy but I didn't want to go to bed hungry. I will say that the piece of salmon was minuscule, but perfectly cooked. The kale and mushroom side was extremely salty but was a bit more balanced when I ate it together with the rice. The apples were a perfect sweet treat with zero guilt. 

I'll definitely give Real Food another try when I need something healthy but don't feel like cooking.
This place was absolutely delicious! 
I didn't have to worry about my gluten allergy at all. Everything was gluten-free (and delicious)
The Slow Cooked Pork Shoulder would be my recommendation!!
I like the concept and the service was good, but the execution looked (and tasted) to me like a substandard version or imitation of University City's Herban Quality Eats, except pricier. The space itself even looks similar to Herban. 

The food did not look like those depicted in the pictures posted by the business owner on this Yelp page. (One of my pet peeves is when real products do not look like the ones in the advertised pictures, especially if the business name suggests some kind of authenticity.) I ordered the steak entree. At best, I expected to receive steak that looks like the one in the picture posted by the business owner on this Yelp page. At worst, I expected Chipotle style steak, which never disappoints.

What I was not prepared for and ended up getting was beneath the standard of Chipotle steak - thin, gray, well-done slices of beef similar to those found in lower-end Chinese take-out stir fries, except without the sauce and vegetables. They advertise the "steak" as marinated with "Olive Oil, Garlic, Salt, Pepper" but the leathery sliced beef they served me was actually flavorless - not even a hint of salt, let alone garlic and pepper. The rice that came with my dish was also dry and flavorless. [In response to another reviewer's mention of the lack of flavor, someone from the business pointed out that they don't use excess salt, MSG, etc... but I don't think the reviewer meant that she needed her food to be super salty - anyone who knows how to cook knows there's a way to add the right amount of seasoning to bring out the ingredient's natural flavor - and that is what this place lacks.] 

The side of warm beets I got was okay, though it gave me anxiety because it made me pee pink for the rest of the day (sorry, I know this is a food review... but couldn't leave out this important detail related to this experience). I was also looking forward to the kale slaw, but it was too heavy in dressing and feta cheese... which practically canceled out the health benefits of kale. 

I didn't consider my meal from here particularly healthy, but I suppose you could create a healthy option with fish or chicken and make the rest of your options veggies, quinoa, or sweet potatoes, but you'd be paying $10-13 for it. I paid $12.50-ish for my "steak" (a.k.a. leathery thinly sliced beef) meal and felt I overpaid because I might as well have gotten a larger portion of Chinese takeout beef stir fry (without the goopy sauce) and it would be cheaper, taste similar, and have a similar amount of nutrition. Not sure what I paid the premium for, given that the food did not taste particularly good. The pricing alone is enough to keep this off my list of lunch options to frequent near the office.
Really good , inexpensive food served extremely fast in a "fast food" style restaurant.  Ive had the chicken bowl with carrots and sweet potatoes and i added a meatball, was delicious.  I got it over brown rice and quinoa.      .
Nataly N has treated me to her MealPal meal at Real Food Eatery twice recently.  I was pleasantly surprised on both occasions.

As you can probably tell from its name, Real Food Eatery focuses on "unadulterated, authentic, whole food that is cultivated in the manner that nature intended."  In my mind, this philosophy meant it was health food focused and I wasn't quite sure what I'd get in terms of flavor.

My first meal was chicken and broccoli.  The chicken came on a bed of quinoa and the dish included some sweet potatoes.  The chicken was cooked just right and all the items on the dish had a lot of flavor. I'm not a fan of sweet potatoes and so they were the only thing I didn't completely finish.  The portion was more than I expected for a MealPal.

My second trip greeted me with chicken, hummus, and a brussels sprout salad.  This time the chicken was on a bed of lettuce.  I missed the quinoa and the hummus wasn't my favorite.  However, again the portions rocked, the meal tasted good, and I left happy.

Prices seem reasonable and I've never had to wait too long.  If you are thinking of eating healthier, Real Food Eatery might be the place for you!
Solid place for a quick healthy meal. The chicken is DELICIOUS. This is definitely a place where you know exactly what you're getting. The ingredients are all listed on the little placards in front of the dishes. Presentation isn't amazing and the portions are quite small for the price, hence the minus one star. Great place to add to the quick and healthy eats rotation though!
Back at it again! Real food eatery added this amazing little sauce option for all the meals now and it's seems like the order process is even smoother. And this is while it was super crowded during peak lunch hours. 
Today I got the pork shoulder with brown rice and brussel sprouts. The last time I was here, the Brussels were made....well...like Brussels. But this time it was more of a brussel salad with some hints of cranberry which were extremely tasty! I ordered the soy ginger sauce with my food and when I tell you that it was good my fellow yelpers, it was GOOD. 
This place is one the rare places that I feel light after I've eaten and not sluggish. Def give it a try if you're in center city!
I'm here on business, and since I know I will be killing a cheeseteak later on this week I figured I would start my trip with something healthy. RFE eatery was a solid choice. My steak was great, perfectly seasoned, grilled to perfection, and deliciously juicy. I also enjoyed my sides of quinoa salad and kale slaw. I was disappointed not to see brussels sprouts on the menu when I arrived, after I had seen them on the online menu. Perhaps my hungry, weary eyes missed them? Portions did seem a bit small for the price, and for a New Yorker that's saying something.
Real Food Eatery is yet another healthy food option on the Philadelphia scene.  It runs on a similar premise to other spots where you create your own bowls.  You begin with an entree and then choose your base and two sides.  I chose chicken with a grain base  and roasted carrot fries and charred Brussels sprouts as sides.  Everything was good enough but nothing distinguished this place above others of this genre .... in fact I like most of the other healthy food option eateries better because their portions seem a little larger and they have condiments and sauces to add.  When I asked about condiments at Real Food Eatery, I was told in a nice manner that they don't have any and that they hope their food speaks for itseif.  Well the food spoke to me that it could use a little kick!
New Year's Resolutions brought us here, the veggie bowl will keep us coming back. The amount of decisions we had to make was a bit overwhelming for us on a post-holiday Monday (rice or greens? white or brown rice? oh wait there are cold and hot sides, or no, should we just get a salad? what about the veggie bowl? Stop everything there are specials! Oh wait now I have to pick a sauce?) 

We ended up with:
-The veggie bowl ($7.50): great flavor, but a bit heavy handed on the sesame sauce and resembles bibimbap about as much as a chipotle burrito bowl (all three have rice, sauce, and veggies). My friend put it eloquently when she said "I'd f with that again".
-The butternut squash curry soup: Delicious and perfect for a cold day, decent portion for a good price ($3.50). Wish the specials were more prominently displayed, we made 287 decisions based on what was up on the wall and had to switch things around when we saw them by the cash.
-Quinoa meatballs over greens ($11): greens were a bit over-dressed (I like more of a business casual vibe for my salads) but the 3 large meatballs were delicious and really good with the pesto sauce. A bit on the pricy side for 1 person, but it was good to split.
-Beets with goat cheese and nuts: well seasoned and good flavor. Beets me why you wouldn't get these.
-The brussel sprouts: what a roller coaster of emotion it was finding out that the sauteed greens are out but the sprouts (one of my fave veggies) are in their place, but then realizing they were soggy, overcooked, flavorless, sad little things. Avoid these. And put a sign up when there are substitutions please!

You can leave here feeling satisfied (but not too full), healthy, and not overcharged ($12 each for 2 platters and a soup for 2). If you have self control maybe even with leftovers! I'm a fan.
I visited Real Food Eatery twice, because I had to try both a meat plate, and a salad before writing this review.

1st visit: PORK SHOULDER plate with 2 side items. I ordered the BROWN RICE as my base below the meat, roasted BEETS (side 1), and BRUSSEL sprouts (side 2).  The brussels were the best, good flavor and texture. The beets were strange, they weren't very soft, and had a different seasoning on them than what I'm used to. But, the little walnut pieces and goat cheese on top made the beets much better. The pork shoulder was OK, good flavor, but kind of dry, on top of dry brown rice. The entire thing needed some juice, maybe a sauce, or gravy, or something to cut the dryness. I think if I would have mixed everything in a bowl, with some lettuce or tomatoes (instead of the portion-divided plate) it would have juicied it up. 

2nd visit weeks later: portobello mushroom SALAD with chickpeas, and quinoa. This was much better, but for $10+ after tax it was a bit steep for only allowing 2 toppings. I can get similar salad at Agno grill w 3-4 toppings. But, the quinoa was really delicious and the guys that work here are so friendly. So, overall, I'd come back for sure, it just won't be my go-to lunch spot.
This place is a delicious and healthy lunch option if you are not feeling in the salad mood. The veggie bowl is an absolute must try. It comes in bibimbap style with rice, mushrooms, carrots and greens. It sounds way too healthy right? Well it is and also incredibly flavorful and delicious. I would definitely order that again. The quantity of the bowl for the price is quite a bargain too. The salads did look incredible too - my friend got the berry salad and I tried a quick bite. It was light and flavorful and I would recommend that one as well.
The concept of healthy food isn't new to Rittenhouse. There are tons of local, fast, casual eateries around the city that one can go to. The store itself is great: well-lit, clean, and plenty of seating to go around. I came on a Saturday for lunch with a friend and the place was dead empty. Not a great sign but I came for the food. And the food was decent. I ordered the steak and while it was dry (presmuably because they pre-cook the meat and sear it before finish), the sides were all decent but didn't knock my socks off. I didn't find too much value in the meal either. Portions were pretty small and for $12.50, I kind of expected more. Despite only living two blocks away, I don't see myself coming back until they fix the portion issue. You can go to Farmer's Keep and get a rotating variety of options, more value, and better tasting food.
Let's keep in mind that there aren't many healthy food options in center city under 15 bucks. Period. I tried real food eatery for the first time a few weeks ago. I purchased the chicken, sweet potatoes, and rice combo. The portion sizes are fair because they model the average amount a workout enthusiast would consume. The food here is perfect for an :after-the-gym" meal and its not overly seasoned. The line wait was short and the the options where just the right amount to  not overwhelm a new customer. I'm curious to see if this place will offer seasonal options of protein or veggies but time will tell. I will definitely be back soon...right after the gym most likely :-)
I am blown away by the delicious, healthy, fast casual meal I had at Real Food Eatery! Philly needed this! The quality of the food and the price point cannot be beat! This place is 100% Gluten Free, and they did it right. All real food and fresh ingredients.  You order a "plate" and you pick a protein, and then choose two sides. The sweet potato hummus is a must order- its crazy good- literally craving it right now, and they give you cucumbers for dipping. I also had roasted beets with goat cheese- the beets were cooked to perfection. For my protein I had grass-fed sirloin on a bed of greens (so excited to see grass-fed on the menu!!). The steak was unbelievable- seasoned perfectly and seared on the spot. I think my total bill was $11. I can't make all of that food at home for $11! It's a must visit and I will be a regular customer. I can't wait to go back and try everything on the menu!!!
Digging the healthy "fast-food" casual movement. This place is healthy and fresh.
The quinoa salad was very good and I loved the raisin sweetness in it.
Carrot fries and Brussels sprouts were also great. Seasoned lightly to let the veggies stand on their own. 
They sear the meat upon order which is nice. Chicken was juicy. Steak was okay (flavorful though overcooked a bit since it was so thin).
Overall, a simple and easy concept. Borderline pricey, but quality ingredients. 
Friendly service. Clean, open decor and space to sit. I will definitely return.
I really wanted to like this place, because I love the concept, but it's an example of a great concept not so well executed.  I ordered the sirloins strips, and the photographs looked amazing, but it was overcooked, chewy and had very little flavor.  The food seemed like it had been sitting for a long time, as in a cafeteria, and overall, everything was cold, shriveled (especially the broccoli), and bland-  reminding me of hospital cafeteria food.  My wife ordered the chicken and that was very disappointing.  It was room temperature, and red (raw) in the middle (no excuses for this).  The exception was the beets with goat cheese, which were a nice combination.   My wife said her experience was better during the lunch hour, when I guess they have more turnover and the food is fresher.  The challenge with this model is to consistently deliver food at proper temperatures and freshness, and we were there at dinner time, with just a few patrons.  Their ground game really lacks, and doing it right requires a manager watching everything and paying attention.  On the plus side, the girl at register was very nice and welcoming and the place had a nice vibe.  We will give it another chance in a couple of weeks, and change rating if it seems to be improved.
Delicious food using fresh ingredients. All dishes are gluten-free.

Platters include one protein, grain or salad and two sides. Prices vary according to the protein you pick. The herbed chicken with kale slaw and broccoli was delicious as was the Very Berry salad. They also have rice bowls. Good price point for healthy, fast and casual food!

My husband and I ate there on a weeknight - it was much better than the typical take-out or delivery options in Rittenhouse. Nice atmosphere too - very clean.

We asked if they deliver and they said that they are currently on Caviar for delivery but will be launching delivery orders and service via their own webpage soon! Can't wait! 

I definitely plan to become a regular.
Real Food Eatery is THE place to get a quick, healthy, and filling meal in Center City. For only $10-ish dollars, you receive a generous portion of protein in addition to a variety of healthy sides. Granted, all of the vegetables could be marinated in bacon grease for all I know, but nothing ever tastes particularly greasy or salty. I always get the chicken so I can't comment on the other protein options, but the chicken is well-seasoned and tender. My favorite sides are the carrots and the roasted sweet potatoes, but pretty much all of the sides are great options. I've never been during lunch hour, but RFE isn't typically crowded, and the serving style is akin to Chipotle so any lines move quickly.

When ordering, you're able to choose whether or not you want a bowl or a plate. In my experience, you get more food if you get a plate, but that's not to say the bowl isn't filling---the plate is just a LOT of food. Unless I'm *really* hungry, the plate usually takes me two sittings to finish. But whether bowl or plate, the meal is always healthy, satisfying, and delicious.
Honestly I understand quality of food is important and to expect smaller portions when having higher quality food.....but this is probably the smallest piece of salmon I've ever received when ordering a meal, (I am a bit of a health freak and primarily choose healthy options and places when when eating out...) When you are paying 15 dollars at an order at the counter type restaurant for precooked food that is rewarmed in front of you, it's very disappointing to have your 1 protein choice to be less than 3 ounces!!!!! This was my first time here and I would definitely recommend to stay away from the salmon choice unless you literally want something that is 2 bites.
came here for lunch and was pleased!

it reminds me of farmer's keep (except i think farmer's keep is dairy free) but it was good!

i got CYO bowl (meatballs, chickpea salad, charred broccoli, quinoa, spring mix & sauce) and everything was fresh and delicious! the quantity was generous as well.

price and quantity add up here which is always a plus in my book.

my only tip for the business would be to not give me a sauce bowl worth of 2 tsp for my whole bowl! don't be stingy with the sauces :)
We were in the area and hungry for some lunch, and after doing a bit of research, I felt that this place looked like a good option. My wife is gluten-free, so it was great to know that the menu here is completely safe for that diet!

Thinking we might stop somewhere else, we decided to split a bowl instead of getting one for each of us, and we chose the spicy chicken bowl. As it turns out, the portions are pretty good, so we were both quite satisfied with that shared bowl. Not only were the portions good, though, everything in that bowl was delicious. It all went great together, and both of us loved it!

I would totally come back again to try some other combinations, and I really hope they open some locations in the suburbs! In the meantime we may swing over to the City Ave. location next time we want some more!
Welllllllllllllll, the jury's still out.

Went in thinking I'd be totally infatuated after one bite, but so far it's not quite like that.

I tried the steak over brown rice, warm beets, and broccoli.

The good:
-I asked for my steak rare and rare is what I got. 
-The broccoli was well seasoned and nice and garlicy.

The meh:
-The beets tasted funny to me, and I looooove a good beet. I also thought they were supposed to come topped with goat cheese, but alas, they were naked.

Overall, I just thought there'd be more of a flavor explosion going on. Nothing to write home about, but I do appreciate the quality ingredients at a very reasonable price point, especially for the portion size.
Food was good however customer service was zero! Not only was my 1st time there it was 1st time for my friends. The beard guy that toke our order was unforgettable rude and pretentious. I almost walked out without spending my money at this place because of how this guy was rude. With a rude ton of voice he asked for my order so I started tell him and he cuts me off and says "well... can I get your name 1st" like is my 100 time there. When my niece was looking at the menu he look at her and says "well are going to order or not" (no one else was in line but us as a group of 4) she replay saying "I was just looking at the menu 1st" and he said "well, you can go online for that!" I mentioned to another employee that I wouldn't come back and when I asked for the phone number of this place he came on our conversation and said "you can look online". For having a good food but not being able to enjoy as a full experience, I will not be back and after all the food didn't taste good at all at the end from the bitter experience my fried and I had. 

To the beard guy that works at this place here is a message for you: "Quit if you feel so miserable working there and let someone else that not only need the job but enjoy smile and taking care of people when they choose to eat there!"
Stopped in here last Tuesday early-evening, needing something quick to bring home to eat. There weren't a lot of healthy options around the corner on Walnut. I'm so glad I did. The staff was very friendly (and patient with me as I took awhile to order considering the new menu and what would suit the family) and the food was delicious. Sometimes these concepts disappoint. Yes, they're healthy, but there's no flavor. Not so for Real Food Eatery. I ordered two completely different meals and an extra side. Every single item was tasty. I'm thinking to come back every time I'm in that area to make it a weekly tradition. One final shout-out to the very-helpful woman at the counter - thanks!
First time ordering from RFE tonight.
I kept thinking about these fennel fries made with carrots that I saw posted on there menu, so it was inevitable that I tried them. A little hesitant that this may be another "healthy" food joint - strong emphasis on the " ", I called prior to ask
Whether the carrots were actually deep fried and they maybe just so happen to leave that part out. Nope! Oven-Roasted!
The carrot fries were amazing and the best part was the fennel seed garnish. Such a heavenly combination. Making non-fried fries taste BETTER than your standard French Fries is not an easy task, I'm sure, but RFE pulls it off like a champ! Will certainly be ordering these again, and you should too! :)
~After having just completed the first half of an intense project mgmt training course, my thought process was to acquire brain food for replenishment. The Real Food eatery I have been herding by on my way to work everyday came to mind.

First Impressions: Upon entrance Mother Nature smacked me in the face with a wall of sweet succulent fragrance, built densely with Her ingredients. At that point the right hemisphere of my cerebrum realized this was the preferred territory to nurture it back to health. Going with the popular "moderrustic" motif, The Real Food Eatery was somehow different, a spacious open floor concept, & high quality finishing's. The stools out-looking the street were actually quite comfortable for my gluteus maximus to sit, & inferior extremities to dangle. 

Now onto thee order: First I chose the Grass-fed Sirloin a top a green Spring Mix. Then the Quinoa Salad which had a medley of raisins, parsley & chives embedded into it. Lastly the charred-roasted Broccoli sprinkled with olive oil, parmesan & garlic. 

My cannabinoid receptors were being invigorated as I grazed on my meal, the grass-fed sirloin steak made my taste-buds sizzle with excitement as it melted like a pad of butter on my tongue. The quinoa salad quickly convinced me never to eat its counterpart, rice, again... & the roasted broccoli... lets just say I could eat a whole trough full if it was put in front of me. 

The Real Food Eatery was shooting for "simple is the ultimate sophistication" & they hit the cow on the medulla oblongata. 

The Don approves of this establishment & will be back~
Four stars for solid "real food" in Center City Philly.  I was intrigued by the concept when I drove by the other day and saw it was close to where I was staying. 

I came in with my boyfriend for a late lunch after perusing the menu and seeing it satisfied both of our diets.  It was pretty empty and you order at the register and pay at the other end.  I got the sirloin with kale, beets and goat cheese, and avocado. It was so good I ate t all even though it was a pretty big portion. I highly recommended you get the beets as one of your sides. They are slightly caramelized and the perfect amount of sweet that perfectly compliments the goat cheese. My boyfriend got the chicken thighs, kale, beets, and sweet potatoes. I tried one sweet potato and if I weren't doing low carb I would have gotten an extra side to go! 

I think you get a lot of food for the price and it tastes pretty damn good. I would definitely come back.
Finally got around to checking this place out! I got the 3 sides option with brown rice as my base (I choose broccoli, cauliflower and sweet potatoes as my sides). First of all let me say how good it smelled as soon as I walked in the place, secondly the line moved at a pretty good speed ( I was there around 12:45pm), and lastly (but not leastly lol) my food tasted SO good! It was seasoned VERY well, I was SO surprised. Yup, I am a fan!! Definitely looking forward to going back and for their City Ave opening.
Wanted to try a healthy food on the go option and came across Real Food Eatery.

I know they have delivery and pickup but I wanted to stop in to see the food and process in-person.

Honestly, when I got there -- the food did not look appetizing. The presentation was just off. Food looked like it's been sitting for awhile. Not sure if the food looked unappealing because it was a Sunday afternoon; not many people dropping in. Who knows. The employee taking my order was super helpful and patient. He made suggestions and let me know that I could wait for food that was not currently available.

I ordered two meals. One for the current day and next. First meal was salmon, roasted carrots w/ fennel, mashed potatoes, and cauliflower. I wasn't impressed by any of it. Salmon was a bit on the dry side. It was just okay. The second meal I tried was Mediterranean meatballs with roasted sweet potatoes and roasted broccoli. I did not like the meatballs. I tried the meatballs with their sesame tahini sauce and it still tasted bad. The only food I enjoyed from Real Food Eatery was the roasted sweet potatoes (barely).
I ordered online and picked up in store. I arrived on time and my bag was sitting on the counter. Grabbed it home and am disappointed with my bowl. 

I ordered the lemon herb chicken bowl with brown rice, beets with walnuts and goat cheese, and roasted sweet potatoes. The chicken is VERY dry. You can almost see how dry it is in my picture. It's sad because, dry chicken is just a rookie mistake. In addition, I never toasted one bit of goat cheese in my beets. It's disappointing not getting what you pay for. The flavors are good, the sweet potatoes were just right, but the lukewarm food and the lack of ingredients that you ordered put a bad taste in my mouth.
I came here during the Friday lunch rush, but the staff moved through the line pretty quickly.  I ordered the mixed greens with salmon, broccoli, and carrots with the pesto sauce.  The salmon was very, very small for the price of the meal.  But I guess you don't need a huge piece of salmon for the 6 pieces of mixed greens that you'll be given as a "base" for your meal.  Also, the menu says that the broccoli and carrot sides were supposed to be "hot" sides, but they weren't even the slightest bit warm; neither was the salmon. The food, though cold, wasn't bad, it was ok...just ok. 

Three-stars for being healthy, quick with pescatarian, vegetarian, and vegan options. Worth a shot, but don't expect to be blown away.
Completely gluten free menu!  Being our first time, we went with splitting the spicy chicken bowl (vs building our own).  It had bacon and cheddar so really couldn't go wrong there.  The chicken was well seasoned and tender (dark meat) and the sriracha drizzled on top really made it spicy (I had assumed it'd be a sriracha based sauce, but no it is straight sriracha so be careful if you can't take spice).  Despite splitting the bowl between the two of us, we were both really filled thanks to the protein and sweet potatoes.  

In general I liked the type of ingredients I saw (simply prepped vegetables, variety of proteins) and that they're open with noting if sauces etc. contain other allergens like soy or dairy.  A refreshing change of scenery for the fast-casual dining sect!  I would definitely visit again if in the area to try some of the other combinations/ingredients!
Decided to check out real food eatery for a quick bite on a saturday evening. The concept is pretty cool. You pick a meat (I had the steak; delicious... It reminded me of hibachi style steak) and two sides (I had the avocado and carrot fries). The avocado was delightful with olive oil and pepper. Carrot fries were not my favorite, but that is likely due to more of a personal preference. I tried a friends sweet potato and it was to die for. We also got a side of brussel sprouts for the table. For only $3, you can't go wrong. Everything was really fresh and the employees were extremely nice and helpful. Can't wait to go back!
Solid new lunch/dinner spot I'll be adding into my rotation. I came here for lunch this week and it was overall pretty good with a beautiful interior and great seating inside. I wasn't blown away, but I think it is certainly worth returning for future lunch/dinners.

I ordered a "real plate" with steak. My steak was delicious! I'd felt like I wished I'd ordered chicken until I tasted it but it was really well seasoned and a huge portion. In addition I got an avocado/Brussel sprouts/rice. It was great you can add olive oil/salt/pepper to your avocado half which is what I do at home normally. I am really wondering why the rice was white rice though-- it seems counterintuitive to the entire mission of this place. Hey I like a little white rice here and there and it was still tasty, but why not have the option for brown rice or white rice? I feel like the general population would be much more satisfied with a choice.

Otherwise this was around what I'd expected and excited to have RFE join the healthy, fast-casual scene!
Stopped in for dinner last night with a few friends. Place was very big, clean, and had a lot of seating. Tried the steak over greens, some pork, broccoli, and sweet potato hummus with a side of cucumbers. It was the perfect size and only $10. The steak was amazing. Looking forward to returning.
I tried Real Food Eatery for the first time tonight and it was amazing. Everything tasted flavorful without a ton of seasoning. It's nice to find a place that delivers in the city that makes super healthy options to eat when you don't have time to cook. I definitely appreciate this place!
This place is great, from the service to the food. I got the salmon on a bed of kale with the beets and roasted broccoli. I also added a meatball, and after eating it, I'm glad I did. The salmon was cooked perfect, the broccoli was delicious, and the beets were what I remember having (and loving) as a kid. I must say though, next time I'll def get the meatballs as the entree, 1 just wasn't enough! Lol
Great healthy alternative in a world full of crap.
We get food catered from here for company lunch events. It is as delicious as it is healthy. I love the variety and healthy options and never get bored with the choices. Everything prepared is super fresh and filling. Sauces add just the right touch to my bowl full of sweet potato, beets, broccoli, and chicken. Seasoned and cooked to perfection!
I really wanted this to be great! I ordered slow pulled pork and it was a grilled pork chop! Nothing like what they said and the sweet potato was so cold. No love in this food...won't go again. Also, music was so loud in places...one plus, they had a filtered water station!
The name lives up to the food, but this place is basic af. There's no other way to describe it. I ordered the portobello entree and had it with brown rice, hummus and carrot fries. I did not add a sauce, so user error there. That mushroom was so bland. I know I know, should've added a sauce. It's hard to believe it just doesn't come with a sauce, you know? Also, what's the deal with mushrooms being the vegetarian option all the time, does anyone really want to eat a big mushroom? Maybe that was my mistake. Onward. The carrot fries were okay...again, super basic. Hummus was pretty flavorful served with cucumber slices. Whoa basic pairing. 

If you want a no fuss healthy meal, this place is for you. If you like flavor, this place is not for you. Three stars because it really is "real food," but it stops there.
This place definitely hits the spot! A healthy meal that can also be savory and check all the boxes on the necessary nutrients and food groups. Couldn't be happier that I finally discovered this place.

Creating your own bowl allows you to pick exactly what you want in your bowl. Not on the menu, but you can definitely choose half salad, half quinoa - just need to ask. The protein and number of sides/ add ons dictates the price. Chicken with two add one was ~$10. A great value indeed. 

The only downside is that the line can be a bit confusing. You order up front but pay on the other end of the line. You will be called by name to pay.
This place is like a healthy version of chipotle. It is very easy to order. You pick from many different proteins, veggies, and sauces. There are a variety of options for everyone 
I ordered the bowl with quinoa, chicken, avocado, broccoli and soy dressing. Something I love about this place is they cook the meat right in front of you. Additionally, it is not too costly! I loved my bowl but there was one big issue for me. My chicken had little pieces of bone in it and I nearly choked. It could have been an accident so I am not too mad about it but it was definitely scary for me. Other than that, it was a great bowl.
I found this lunch spot randomly while looking for a healthy lunch place. The food is fresh and the choices are super healthy. I would definitely go back for lunch again, and the price point is totally worth it for a healthy, delicious lunch. I had the avocado bowl with roasted broccoli and cauliflower. Nothing negative to say, so tasty! The roasted veggies were really good. Solid place!
Went back today to give them another chance only to discover that they no longer cook your food fresh, they raised the prices and removed the brussel sprouts from the menu.  Such a bummer because I like the people who work there.  I just can't justify paying 13 dollars for pre-cooked steak.
It can be somewhat difficult to find the right balance between takeout food that makes you feel like a gluttonous monster and takeout food that leaves you feeling hungry. I saw reviews for Real Food Eatery on Yelp and was instantly intrigued. I went on a Friday evening around 6pm and enjoyed the Herb-rubbed Chicken Thighs over greens, with sides of roasted sweet potatoes and broccoli. I ate everything and didn't feel one ounce of guilt. They have several different flavors of La Croix (if that's something you're in to). The restaurant was spacious and clean and I love that the trays are biodegradable. I will be back for more.
The food was very tasty and fresh, but the service was bad. The person who took my order gave me an attitude and made me feel that I was not welcome at all.
I love this place. Come here at least once a week. Exactly the way my boyfriend and I eat. Whole, real food that tastes delicious. The pork shoulder is my favorite protein option. And the sweet potato hummus is amazing. 

Now, what the owner needs to do is put a placard outside. This can be an unforgiving street where many businesses struggle to survive. People aren't used to stopping on this stretch of 16th to eat. Get some plants outside and a sign so that this place is here for me next year and the year after that!
Cute place for lunch. 

Came here around 12:00 PM on Monday and the place was not crowded at all. You get to choose a protein on top of greens or grain, and then two sides (many options). Not too much flavor in the food, but I assume that's because it's very healthy. The place is a bit pricey for lunch in philly and the bottled beverages are about $6.00. However, i felt great after eating the food here and I would definitely come again for lunch.
I only come here occasionally for a healthy dinner or lunch- I think that they're the same menu.  I tend to not be the most adventurous eater so I've been sticking with my solid, favorite dish of chicken thighs, brown rice, carrots and sweet potatoes, the sesame sauce is really good too and not spicy, more creamy.  I feel good about eating here because the food seems healthy and recently I have been trying to make healthier food choices, so this is definitely a place that I'll continue to visit.  They have a good selection of La Croix and I think the order then pay is a unique concept but for about $13 you can get a healthy, generously sized meal, which I often gave leftovers from, and in that price, that included a La Croix, good deal!  They will also neatly package up your meal if it's to go and I was impressed that it did not leak or spill!  I will also say that I am impressed that the staff seems to have been friendlier and more helpful, I think a change of staff a few months back.  Cool place for some healthy grub!
Great Beard of Zeus, this place is amaze-balls! Everything is so good and they cater to most dietary preferences. Healthy food just got a makeover and these guys need to be on TV.
Food isn't that great. Ordered the pork shoulder and a salad. Neither meal looked very appealing. The salad was super salty and oily. The pork shoulder, rice and quinoa were all soaked in oil too. Little flavor aside from that. The sweet potatoes were also under cooked.  I was given an option to add a sauce but no real guidance on what pairs with what, and none really stood out as a good topping. 

Overall sub par food for Philly. Plus their to-go trays need to be put into their bags sideways to carry home.
Such a great addition to the neighborhood. I don't know of any other casual food restaurant in CC Philly that offers salmon freshly cooked in front of you within 3 minutes.... for lunch! I've become a regular, and not planning on changing that anytime soon.
The protein (chicken) grain (brown rice) and veggies were okay. However, my issue was with one of the staff who was multitasking. I guess it never occurred to him, or the owner who was on the premises that food handlers should not use the same gloves to take money and also handle food, as this may cause cross contamination. 

Apparently this place must not be doing so well and are cutting corners by not having a separate staff member to handle money and some one to handle cooked or ready to eat foods. At the very least, if you (owner) are short on staff, have a box of gloves on hand for your workers to take off when handling money and wash their hands before putting gloves on before touching cooked or ready to eat foods. 

In any case, I won't be coming back to a place that does not practice  good hygiene.
Good idea, poor execution.  I've been here twice and tried different options each time and was disappointed each time. The food doesn't seem as fresh as other "healthy" places, perhaps it's because the food is pre-cooked for faster service, which results in it being over-cooked when it is finally served...and I don't show up late in the day, I've visited each time right around noon, when thing should be at their peak.  Outside of the quality of the food, the flavors are a bit bland. Again, this could be better with a bit better timing and care, but as is, it is not good at all.
Let me tell you about Real Food Eatery. Its amazing. I am constantly on the hunt for healthy, yet flavorful, lunch options close to work. As an attorney, I rarely have more than 10-15 minutes to get out and grab lunch. I went in to Real Food Eatery today at around 1:30 and was in and out in less than 5 minutes. Granted it was after peak lunch time, but the set up of this place leads me to believe its consistently quick. The worked who took my order was helpful and answered my question easily and did not get frustrated when it took me a second to figure out what side I wanted (no brussels sprouts as listed online! bummer!).  

Now let's get to the important part: the food. I'm currently on a no-sugar added, no-dairy, no-grain 30 day elimination diet. I was able to get a full, filling, and delicious meal here! I got the lemon chicken thighs over greens, with a side of roasted sweet potatoes and roasted carrot fries. The chicken had amazing lemon flavor, without being overpowering, and was crazy juicy. Contrary to previous reviews, I found the sides to be perfectly seasoned--just enough to add something to the natural flavor of the veggies. 

All of that delicious healthy food for under $10. I am so full and happy, and so is my wallet! This is definitely going to become a regular place for me. I can't wait to try more of their food! (I'm looking at you salmon filet!)
We were really looking forward to grabbing a healthy meal after a week without many veggies. There are a few places we were considering for lunch, but this place seemed like it had the most selection. 

We were pretty disappointed by the options when we got there. They had a few salad dressings but no descriptions of them, and the person who ordered before us seemed to be offered a sauce that wasn't mentioned when we asked for the options. 

The meat was flavorful and tasted fresh, but the roasted veggies were oily and soggy. I was particularly disappointed by the lack of description for the roasted broccoli. It didn't mention on the menu that there was Parmesan in the broccoli, which I cannot eat because of the dairy. If the food labels were listed on the menu - or if you ordered each item as you walked past their descriptions - I probably wouldn't have made this mistake. 

The menu also didn't mention that brussels sprouts were an option, and the man helping us seemed bothered when I asked to change one of my sides. 

Overall, what was meant to feel like a refreshing healthy meal left me feeling bloated and dissatisfied. I was pretty bummed about it, and was kicking myself for not having chosen the other option we were tossing around.
Briefly stopped by a day at Real Food Eater because I love to support these kind of businesses. Whenever everyone else is trying to sell you a sub, a sodium loaded soup, a non-healthy salad, this one claims to offer real food. 

In the picture I have posted, I got sweet potato hummus, cucumbers, sweet potatoes and grass-fed steak. I did like it. It's a proof that healthy, real food doesn't have to be boring and it's not boring. They have other options on the menu to choose from. I like that it's situated in the busy center city area where there are so many options around and yet I find it hard to sit down at a place to find a decent meal. I tend to avoid lots of ingredients when I don't have lunch with me or on the go. 

The downside of this establishment is that it's a little bit pricey. However, keeping in mind that other places around sell you some cheap bread filled with stuff your body doesn't need at all. At least these guys offer real food. So I'll give it up to that. I know some fellow reviewers have expressed their dislike and disappointment. However, I have to say that grabbing lunch from this place may be a far better choice than any other spot that sells oh so yummy food but not good for you.
This was my go-to lunch spot for a while after they first opened.  The food is still good but they have gotten much stingier with their portions on their proteins which is absolutely ridiculous based on how much they charge.  The steak I got today was about half of what I usually get and was cut up into small cubes (maybe to make it seem like more?).  I am not sure who's choice this was but it turned my favorite center city lunch into an overcooked, overpriced meal.  This will likely be my last trip.
I've been dying to get to this place for months, and a new job has finally placed me mere blocks away from this treasure trove. It's a slightly more efficient bar-style ordering system that reminds you of Chipotle but makes you do the work before you order. It's no surprise that the crowd favorite is the Lemon Chicken Thighs, which taste like they've marinated for hours and seared to order.

I particularly love getting 1/2 quinoa 1/2 spring mix as my base with the chicken since it gives me more protein and also enhances the lemon flavor a bit more. The Roasted Sweet Potatoes and Golden Cauliflower are my go-to sides, but the carrots are a good choice too! I don't really care for any of the sauces but I'd stay away from the soy as it's way too salty for consumption in any amount.
Healthy and clean eating at an affordable price.

I had the chicken with sweet potato hummus and warm beets on brown rice. The two sides were excellent.

The proteins aren't great though. The chicken was a little dry, and the pork and salmon ordered by others in my party were likewise. Not complaining given the price. Maybe they're trying to avoid risk of illness? In any case, it's still better than what you'd get elsewhere at the same price point.
Woah- new favorite lunch spot in Center City goes to Real Food Eatery!   I've been meaning to check this place out when I first saw it existed on yelp a few weeks ago.  I finally went today.  I did the make your own plate option and got chicken thighs over quinoa with sides of roasted sweet potato and cauliflower with sesame dressing on the side.  Everything was delicious.  The chicken had a lemon marinade that left it tasty and moist because it was thigh meat.  The quinoa had flavor on its own so I didn't even need the sesame dressing, which was pretty good.  The sweet potatoes had some cinnamon on them, which were excellent and the cauliflower had some onions and turmeric. 

Overall, this meal cost me less than $11 and was enough food for me to be full after eating half.  $11 for 2 days worth of lunch in CC, you can't beat it.  Plus, it's healthy and you know what you're eating.  I can't wait to go back and try some of their other options.  About an hour after eating it, I haven't hit that post-lunch slump that happens when eating out.  Do yourself a favor and check this place out!
I'm not from PA, I'm from the NYC and we have all the great food spots. However, this place really surprised me, I was just walking wanting something healthy, the food when you walk in doesn't look oh so appetizing but when I took that first bite! Omg, my mouth was just dancing in flavors haha! Sooooo good! and it's HEALTHY!! That's the best part!!!
Not a bad place.  It focuses on quality ingredients.  I thought the flavors were a big bland and I needed some better sauces (chose the sriracha, which is a complement to any sauce).
An amazing to-go lunch or dinner spot at a good price. Food is all roasted or grilled. Good for keto, vegetarians, vegans, and meat eaters alike. I usually order the avocado bowl with chicken and it's amazing.

Definitely recommend for a quick lunch
THIS PLACE. WHY HAVE I NEVER BEEN HERE? I came here for lunch yesterday and I had an awesome lunch. I really loved their chicken thighs. Good flavor, juicy. If anything, it may have been a slightly small portion, but still great. Was served over kale with a lemon vinaigrette. Simple, clean, fresh. Side I had the carrot fries (omg) and the sweet potatoes (omgx2). I have recently fallen in love with prepared carrots, and these were terrific. Sweet potatoes were simple and had great texture. The environment was fresh, young, new, and you can steal Starbucks wifi from next store :) I will definitely be back to try other of their dishes. For under $10 total, it was a steal.
I dig the whole quality, fresh, natural ingredients thing they do. Food tastes great, and the people working at the registers are super friendly and helpful to first-timers. Basically, you walk in, pick a protein + sauce and 2 sides, then pay at the end--pretty simple. I usually go for the pesto chicken and sweet potatoes.

Only gripe is the amount of food you get for the price, but that's just what you pay for the quality of what you eat. Not sure how crowds get at lunch, as I've only been to pick up dinner and it's usually empty then.
Great menu that's simple, but offers a lot of options and variety. The food is well prepared, tasty, and showcases the ingredients and flavors. Kitchen and restaurant are clean and tidy. I love that the kitchen is gluten free. It gives those with Celiac a great option in the city.
It's expensive but it's SO GOOD! I got the salmon on greens with quinoa salad and roasted broccoli. The salmon was cooked perfectly- could use a little sauce or spice maybe, the quinoa salad made it more filling and the roasted broccoli was garlicky and delicious (I love garlic). Best of all I enjoyed it, I'm full, and I don't loathe myself after eating it. If I had more money id be here more often
I came here for lunch and got the steak with sweet potato hummus and beets.  I was on the Whole30 thing and actually picked the place because I was eating with some colleagues and didn't want just salad.  I picked it because: (1) they list all of their ingredients; (2) they're willing to make some substitutions; and (3) it's pretty cheap.

The food was tasty and not just your usual bland "healthy" offerings.  Now for my favorite part, the sweet potato hummus, OMG, it was nice and sweet and creamy.  The steak was flavorful and cooked to order(ish).  The only not so awesome thing about this place, is if, you eat the food there, you will smell like food when you left, if this bothers you, get it to go.  Otherwise, go here!
Delicious!! Inexpensive, the facility was IMPECCABLE! The counter space was spotless. Fridge full of fresh produce and the food was great!
I decided to stop in to Real Food Eatery on my way home from work. I got the salmon over rice with brussels sprouts and broccoli. I thought everything was delicious. The price point is good for what you receive. My only suggestion is to increase the grain choices to more than just rice. It's a great option to grab a quick and healthy dinner on your way home or to eat in. PATCO riders should consider grabbing a meal on their way back to NJ since it's right in the way to the train. The restaurant itself is nicely designed and looks very comfortable. I'll definitely try it here again soon.
This place is absolutely amazing and there is really nothing else like it in the city. This is by far my favorite place to eat if I am looking for a 'fast-casual'-healthy meal.  If you want a variety of excellent nutritious options, this is your place! 

Everything on the menu is tremendous and you really can't go wrong with any of their entrees or sides... if it's on the menu it's dang good! The best part is being able to customize your meal to make every meal different (they offer a ton of options). All their side sauces are great, but the sesame sauce takes the crown in my opinion. 

To top it off, the owners, John and Mike are always in there working hard, are very personable, and always make it a great experience. If you have not tried Real Food Eatery yet, you are missing out!
Yum yum yum!!!!! So good! The sweet potato hummus is AMAZING!! I got salmon, it was perfectly cooked, served over rice (but you have the option to get it over greens) and then you get to choose TWO sides! I went with the hummus and the sauted brussel sprouts, it was the perfect amount of food, filled me up, AND it was healthy too! I'll definitely be coming back again and again!
Came here on a Thursday night within an hour of them closing. I was craving some simple, good food after traveling all day and when I saw them on Yelp it seemed to be exactly what I was looking for! 
They had several specials that day, "Mom's meatballs" and cajun shrimp. I got mom's meatballs ($11) over greens with half an avocado (+1.5) and roasted shaved brussel sprouts as my sides, w/ a pesto sauce and then an additional side of sweet potato hummus ($3).
The food came out speedily and was pretty solid- I eat gluten normally but the food was very solid. I would probably give it 3.5 stars if I could because it was good but it wasn't anything special. Most of the food I could make myself at home, but that's the food I was in the mood for when I went. 
The meatballs were good but would've been better with a marinara sauce (I ended up using my hummus and pesto as a sauce for the meatballs).
They didn't really come on much greens so don't expect to be able to make a salad out of your dish.
The brussel sprouts were really good- they were nicely roasted and shaved which made them easy to eat with their (compostable?) utensils.
The avocado half was covered in olive oil and spices which was really yummy (healthy fats + more healthy fats = :) ). The quality of the avocado itself wasn't great but I attribute that more to the fact that it's March in Pennsylvania rather than Real Food's ability to "make" a good avocado.
The sweet potato hummus was pretty good but they only gave me 4 small cucumber slices for a literal tub worth of hummus. I actually ended up going to a bakery afterwards to buy some bread to eat with my hummus (yes, I do see the irony in going to a gluten-free place for dinner and then going to a bakery afterwards).
Their fridge was broken when I went so all of their drinks were luke warm/room temp which was a little strange but they were forward thinking enough to put a sign up offering cups of ice if you wanted.
I also got the rose + pomegranate inspired brews kombucha ($6.50) which was good but definitely not worth $6 (again not Real Foods fault but thought it was worth mentioning).

Overall, the food was solid and it's a nice place to go if you want some simple food with options for customization. I would potentially go back for lunch if I wanted something healthy and easy.
Ordered for my daughter and used Caviar as the food delivery service. She had salmon, he had lemon chicken! They both raved about the meal, especially the brussel sprouts side. A great way to gift a loved one AND get a healthy. yummy, well rounded meal. Oh, and it was delivered warm!! Whooppeee!! Aren't I the good Mom & mother-in-law!! Real Food Eatery and Caviar you ROCK!!
I love that there's another healthy lunch option in center city, but don't quite love the price point. It's on par with places like honeygrow and sweet green, but I found the flavors less innovative. All the food does remind me of a good, home-cooked meal, though, so I could probably eat it every day for a long time without getting tired of it! 

The sweet potato hummus is really good, but I wish there were more cucumber slices or some bread/pita to go along with it. Most of the entrees are pretty plain tasting, but you can get a free sauce, so make sure to choose one, especially if you get the mushrooms! They can put the sauce on the side, too, but the sauce is definitely necessary!

One idea for the restaurant ... would it be possible to get just one of the vegetable sides on its own? I'd love to be able to get a side of fresh vegetables without purchasing a whole meal!
I wasn't expecting too much from this place because I was worried that the food might be a little plain, but I was so impressed with my meal! I got the herb-rubbed chicken (with a brown rice base), the warmed beets, and the kale slaw, and literally wolfed the entire thing down. 

The beets came with goat cheese, and the kale slaw reminded me a little of a healthy coleslaw with feta cheese - it was the perfect complement to the beets and the chicken. 

My normal go-to for a well-priced healthy meal in the city is Agno, but this meal was definitely on par and made for a nice change.
As a man who loves simple, high quality ingredients, Real Food Eatery is the fast casual restaurant I've been waiting for. There's nothing else like it in Philly. I will be coming back regularly.
I really like this trend of healthy, fast food places with lots of variety popping up all over Philly. Real Food Eatery is very similar, they have entrees, salads and some soups with a little of Mediterranean flavor. You order at the counter and then walk down to pay for the meal, it comes out in just a few minutes and you can stay and eat right inside. We came at 11am so it was not crowded at all. I tried the veggie bowl with rice, mushroom/kale mix and sesame dressing, I also sampled with butter nut squash soup which was pretty good. I think this is a nice place, but the prices are a bit more than I would expect. Worth checking out!
I've been in town for work this past week and tonight I needed a break from the options of fried food, Asian, or salad and noodle bowls and I came across this place - my only regret is I didn't find it sooner! It was INCREDIBLE. The chicken thighs were perfect and the beets, kale and carrots had just the right amount of crunch.  Everything looked and sounded amazing, I feel like I could have eaten here every night without having the same thing! Highly recommend. Oh and the staff were sweethearts too!
Went twice ... The first time it was around 7 pm .. Food it was dry and not many options left .. Second time was a Saturday around noon .. Food it was it was ok they have every options! Still not impress
I really enjoyed dining here; I came at 3 pm in the afternoon and the restaurant was pretty empty. My food was prepared very quickly. 

The meal was filling and healthy. The chicken was grilled to perfection and the tangy sesame dressing enhanced the brown rice and broccoli. 

The dining area (tables) is kept very clean and there is a bathroom in the back of the restaurant as well. 

I will definitely return to try the Salads!
I took out portabella mushrooms over rice with sides of roasted broccoli and sweet potatoes. First, the good news. I really liked the sides. Second, the mushrooms were very good too, but a small serving. My issue is with the boring white rice which was the grain. Why not something more interesting such as barley, quinoa, or polenta? Or, maybe couscous?

Added on 9/14/17

I recently stopped in and was glad to see quinoa was added as a base. I ordered a platter of salmon over the quinoa along with delicious carrots and broccoli. Like my previous review in which I had the portobello mushrooms (sadly no longer offered), the portion of salmon is minuscule. A larger piece and this review would have been five stars.
Great option for a healthy lunch. Especially if you are not in the mood for a salad.   Good flavors and quick service. Casual vibe. $16+ is a bit on the high side for salmon - esp when the portion is this modest.  Otherwise, no complaints!

UPDATE (4/27/17): Thanks for the info, John C.  Makes a lot of sense and the salmon was delicious. Happy customer!
Amazing, healthy, friendly, yummy, menu and customer service. My friend (who is gluten-free) and I walked in just as they were closing, the kitchen was closed, but the owner approached us and offered to prepare any of the cold dishes to go, even though they were shutting everything down. 

He was so kind, friendly, and accommodating above and beyond. On top of a great experience, the dishes were delicious, healthy, able to meet a variety of dietary needs, and inexpensive, yet enough for at least two meals. Highly recommend. Good food. Good people. What more can you ask for?
The food is great and the staff are generally helpful and pleasant.  I would give it five stars, but the service at the first counter is terrible.   Specifically, my issue is with the gentleman who usually takes the orders.  He stands there silently when you walk up and he waits for you to start placing your order, then he interrupts you to ask your name.   You give your name and he goes silent again.  So you start to give your order and then he interrupts you to ask whether your order is for to eat in or take out.  Maddening.   Then he asks you want you want to order, after you've already said it twice.  A smile and asking the right questions at the right time would go a long way.
Came to PA to tag a long on my husband's work trip. I was happy to know there were a handful of healthy options here! Real Food Eatery was my favorite by far. I love a good restaurant that lets me create my meal. It's also spacious with plenty of seating. I got the following:

-Portobello Mushroom Cap with Quinoa Salad and Roasted Broccoli and Soy Ginger sauce: The seared mushroom was delicious, especially with the soy ginger sauce. It had a nice Asian flavor to it. I loved the roasted broccoli because it had hints of parmesan in it which made it that much more tasty! If you love quinoa salad, you'll love this one! It was lemony just the way I like it. 
-Veggie Bowl: Don't expect this to taste like your traditional Korean bibimbap--remember that it says 'RFE-style'. The greens and mushrooms were mixed or sauted together. I got it with their soy ginger sauce instead of the sesame dressing and it was great!

If you're looking for something healthy and of good quality, RFE is the place!
Great first time experience! Food was delicious. Looking forward to trying more on the menu. Always excited to see a new spot in Philadelphia for lunch and dinner!
Wow this place was great.  I work in an office near 15th and locust and have been wanting something exactly like this place.  I had the chicken over grains with broccoli and quinoa salad.  You can choose the sides as you down the line like at chipotle.  They had some Brussel sprouts that looked good that I will have to try next time.  

It looks like they cook the meat when you start to go down the line so it is almost ready by the time you pay.  Everything tasted great!  Staff was nice and the space was clean and stylish.  I have no complaints.  I will be going back often.
I live close by, and have been going around trying some of the newish healthy fast food joints, as shockingly, I'm sticking to my NY resolutions. One thing that is frustrating, is that a lot of places advertise how healthy they are, but don't disclose nutritional info. I understand they don't have to if they have fewer than so many locations, but it would be helpful, especially if that's the marketing focus. Gluten free doesn't mean it is reasonable in calories/carbs, etc...

That being said, I thought the food was very good. I really liked how they made my steak to order. The sweet potatoes were yummy (definitely sweet though). I loved the ginger soy sauce. The food is basic, home-cooked kind of food (in a good way) and seems of high quality. I'd say definitely is good for days when nothing else will cut it but healthy home cooking, but you are too lazy to turn on the stove or bring a lunch.
I have absolutely no bad words to say about this amazing fast casual food place! I recently transitioned work offices from DC to Philly, which had me concerned of finding new food places I'd want to get quick work-day lunches at. Look no further than REAL FOOD EATERY!!!

RFE makes it easy to put together a well balanced lunch that is both healthy and tastes incredible. Although I make my own sweet potatoes, chicken, and carrots sometimes... somehow when you get it from RFE it just tastes 10x better. They know what they are doing over there! They also constantly have people ordering food, yet it moves so quickly and never takes up much time within my lunch break to go through the line. I have been going now about 2 times each work week and have no plans in slowing down (although my bank account likely wishes I did - oops!)
Service is exceptional! There's always a line but it's fast moving and efficient. 

I'm obsessed with the cobb caesar salad (add chicken) and would eat it every day. 

I've also gotten a "make your own" and wasn't overly excited. Since the sides are mass produced the veggies are pretty soggy.
Finally, a healthy lunch option in Center City! This place is great and I end up here at least once a week for a plate (base + protein and choice of two sides)

The food is fresh and prepared daily and service is fast so you can get in and out in a hurry.

You MUST TRY the sweet potato hummus.

Only criticism is that they could rotate their menu offerings more often.
(+) 
Wholesome food options
Clean and spacious dining area
Friendly staff

(-)
Workers disorganized - not very efficient
Food is luke-warm - weird in-between of a cooked meal and a cold one
Dressing portions are tiny

First off, I want to point out that I really did enjoy my food. I bought a Tofu Bowl loaded with quinoa, brussel sprouts and kale. The food tasted super fresh and high quality. Kale was amazing Good enough for the 3-stars "A-OK" rating however I need to point out some subpar moments during my experience.

I was disappointed in my experience a bit because it took a while for my meal to come out during a relatively slow time in service. Unless other fast-casual chains that have every person at a station, it seemed like a lot of people were running around getting a thing here, a thing there and overall slowed down the process from order to tray. I think they may have to do something about that.

Additionally, I was a bit disappointed as well regarding their "warm" options on the menu I opted for. Namely speaking the side vegetables were kept in a pan which I suspect was kept in the low setting for a while. It was really offsetting next to my perfectly grilled Tofu, the temperatures really threw me off. And lastly, I wish they had more dressing than the little container they give you. I'm not a fan of drowning my meal in sauce, but it was merely a pittance given.

Lots of potential here, but not quite there
Food is delicious. I would eat there everyday if I was in the city more.
This place is awesome! My boyfriend is keto and I'm vegetarian and the menu accommodated both of us perfectly. There are vegan options too! Everything tasted fresh. 

One of the girls who works here (I dont remember her name but she has long dreads and the nicest smile) recommended a fall inspired kombucha for me to try and it was delicious! She has great customer service skills! I wish I knew her name-- thank you if you're reading this! The little things make such a difference :)

Will be back the next time we're in town!
Short and simple: this place rocks! This review is long overdue, I've being going here since this past November. My gf wanted to try it out since it was across the street from my apartment and we've been addicted ever since. I've moved since then but only two blocks away so we still get it whenever we want. We get it at least two times a week, sometimes three or four, it's that good. My favorite is the pork shoulder with sweet potatoes and broccoli, and my gf loves the salmon with beets, brussel sprouts, and an extra side of broccoli. Even though the pork is my favorite, I've had almost everything on the menu and it's all delicious. 

We are healthy eaters and to have something so delicious that can be prepared so quick is awesome. People have a negative connotation that healthy food doesn't taste good but Real Food Eatery disproves this by a long shot. It takes max five minutes to get your food when you walk in unless there's a line. The staff is very nice and the owners (Mike and John) are cool dudes. The only thing we haven't tried are the sauces since we are not big fans of sauce but I'm sure they are just as good as the food. 

If this company offered stock I'd buy it in a heartbeat. I hope they stick around for good because I'll be a customer forever. Everyone has to go here, you won't be disappointed.
