I was very pleasantly surprised by my lunch at Red Owl Tavern today. I always sort of thought of the place as a tourist spot since it's located in a hotel. The lunch crowd did seem like a mix of tourists but also regulars who work in the area. I heard more than one table order the cheesesteak, and my server, Liam, said it's one of his recommendations whenever people ask what's good. 

I went with the cobb salad, dressing on the side, no onions, add grilled shrimp. The salad came out just as I requested, was perfectly sized and so fresh! The shrimp were huge and there were four - I feel like this salad will actually carry me to dinner. The homemade ranch dressing was perfection. I loved everything about my lunch! I drank water and was happy that my server left the bottle on the table. 

Everyone from the hostess to my server to the GM was very friendly. Great experience and I would certainly return without hesitation when in the neighborhood.
For a restaurant/tavern that's attached to a new Kimpton hotel, this place needs to bring an A game, especially for the hotel's guests, but sadly Red Owl Tavern just doesn't.  In fact, they don't even seem interested in seating parties if they don't meet some unspoken criteria that we weren't able to discern.  Over the course of a long weekend we had three opportunities to try the Red Owl, and with the exception of a quick brunch on a Saturday morning, the Red Owl blew it.  

Knowing that we'd be back from a performance of the Philadelphia Orchestra sometime between 10:00 and 10:30 PM, we asked the brunch hostess what time the restaurant stopped serving. To which she replied:  "11:00".  But...at 10:30 that evening, when we arrived and inquired about being seated for a quick post-symphony bite, the panicked hostess had a quick conversation with the manager who, after casting a brief glance in our direction, told her *not* to seat us.  Her explanation?  They'd let one of their servers off for the evening and were short.  I pointed out that we were told that the kitchen serves till 11:00 to no avail.  So, hungry and upset, we headed through to the hotel and our room's mini-bar.

The next day, with two friends who were also in town for the weekend, we headed to the Red Owl at about 2:30p to warm up and have some beers.  And...once again, we were told that we couldn't be seated in the bar area because we wouldn't be ordering lunch.  At 2:30?  The hostess *did* invite us to sit at the bar or to head through to the hotel's lounge, but considering that there were already two four-tops in the bar drinking coffee (one table) or wine (the other)...no food in sight...and the restaurant only half full, I think they could have let us have a table.

In summary, what little food I had at the Red Owl was decent enough, but this shoddily run tavern is doing the new Monaco no favors by randomly turning away customers, and more importantly hotel guests, with the flimsiest of excuses.  Oh, and one final note, if you're looking for a sophisticated place for a drink before heading out for the evening, the Red Owl is not for you.  Dressed for the symphony, we stuck out like a sore thumb.

We'll almost certainly stay at the Monaco again, but the Red Owl isn't going to get our business.
The Red Owl Tavern is attached to the Kimpton Monaco Hotel and has a great ambience. They have so much potential. As the ratings state, 2-stars for meh, I've experienced better. I truly believe they are great in some ways.

I ordered the Red Owl Tavern burger with avocado and egg. For a $26 hamburger, I was truly hoping it would be delicious, but it was very plain and flavorless. When I asked for mustard, the server informed me they don't carry it. It seems odd to me that a restaurant would serve burgers and fries but not carry condiments. The burger seemed very overpriced in respect to our big bill and the other budget-friendly dining choices in the neighborhood.

Should I make it back to Philadelphia, I would be more willing to try Red Owl for brunch or drinks. I liked the lively atmosphere and its a great location...its walkable if you're in the Old City neighborhood.
There were some pro's and con's to my dinner at the Red Owl Tavern. Pro: We were seated quickly. Con: It took FOREVER to get our food after we ordered. Pro: The Mussles in the curry au jus were phenomenal. Con: The fried Calamari was bland and unspired.  Pro: The specialty cocktail slushy was out of this world delicious. Con: There is NO bathroom in the restaurant. It's located like a mile away in the hotel. Pro: I have to say, the management took care of us that night. Since the food took so long to come, they took all of our drinks off the bill and 50% off the check. I probably wouldn't make a point of returning, but at least they tried to rectify the situation.
The Red Owl Tavern is attached to the Monaco Hotel in Philadelphia Pennsylvania. If you're staying at the hotel, this is the most convenient place to eat. If you are touring the Liberty Bell or one of the museums on the square, this is the closest restaurant.

The food is pretty good, but the prices 
are quite High... $20 for a burger at lunch?

THE DEAL: they offer outdoor seating 
in a very convenient location!
I came here for Happy Hour with one of my close friends and we had the time of our lives, to say the least.

The atmosphere is quite glamorous, which is to be expected at a ritzy hotel bar. The restaurant seems like a very nice place to go with family, or a special someone, but we just took a seat at the bar. The place is positively crawling with young professionals and older executive types. Very business.

The bartender was wonderful. He was very friendly (working for those tips) and whipped up a couple of great cocktails. My favorite was the Lavender Martini--not on the menu, just something he created on the spot.

Great spot for when you're in the mood to be overly classy for an evening. The prices are a little steep for a graduate student, but then again, the drinks are usually free anyway in a place like this!
Out of all the cheesesteaks in Philly this place was my absolute favorite! Great food and even better drinks. One of the bartenders, Josiah, makes the best espresso martini!
Bottom Line:  Hotel Monacco's hip restaurant with a limited but tasty menu.

On a recent trip to Philly my friend and I visited Red Owl for Friday night dinner and it was so tasty that we agreed we should return for Sunday brunch.  Overall, the service was great and our meals were tasty so I'd definitely give it a whirl again.  

Highlights of my visits to Red Owl were as follows:
- they take reservations
- friendly and attentive service
- the salmon dip at dinner was so good!
- burger at dinner really hit the spot and my friend enjoyed the short rib

What was disappointing at Red Owl is they were out of the cheese plate for dinner and out of the "Larger than Texas Cinnamon Bun" at brunch.  We specifically went to Red Owl for breakfast to get the cinnamon bun so that was definitely a let down. To satisfy our sweet tooth we got the Birthday Cake Waffle instead and shared it along with The Hangover breakfast sandwich.  The waffle surely delivered on its name but the breakfast sandwich wasn't nearly heavy or sloppy enough to cure a hangover!
I have stayed at the Hotel Monaco quite a few times, but this was the first time I had eaten at the in house restaurant. I had visited the Stratus rooftop lounge first - big mistake. So I got myself a seat at the bar and viola! great attentive service!  The people at the uppity place on the roof should be forced to spend at least 5 shifts downstairs to learn all about how it is actually done. OK, enough about the crappy rooftop bar. ;-)

 I was pleasantly surprised to see a great selection of scotch including my favorite Aberlour A'bunadh which is a rare find in a US bar and very much appreciated. :-)

I had the beet salad and the hangar steak. The salad was wonderful, the steak was great too, perfectly cooked. They could give me a few more potatoes - they seemed like rare gold on the plate. 

Friendly and prompt service, decent food, solid 4 stars. If you are considering going to one of the two establishments at the Hotel Monaco this is it. Don't waste any time on the roof. Ooops, I brought it up again. ;-)
Came to this Tavern on a Monday Afternoon. I was traveling alone, which is also a bit uncomfortable. Christopher, my waiter was beyond welcoming recommending good drink and food items. Made my day that much better.
 
The drinks were tasty and the scallops were delicious.
 
If you are in the area I definitely recommend stopping by and giving them a try.
 
Overall 5/5
This place is much more expensive than I thought it would be: $10 appetizers, $18 burger, and all other entrees above $20. That being said, the food quality is pretty good. The burger (my entree) was excellent and the chicken croquettes (my appetizer) were both very tasty.

It is important to understand ahead of time that this is place is much fancier than you average local tavern. The website describes as "neighborly meets sophisticated."
Came here a few Fridays ago after an entire afternoon of drinking on an empty stomach, so I probably would have eaten ANYTHING at that point.  It was me and 3 others and we sat upstairs.  We had a good experience, but I'm not sure I would return.  While everything tasted fine and service was good, nothing blew me out of the water, the ambiance was lacking and the prices were way too high, which I should have expected from a place attached to a hotel and located in touristy Old City.

Drinks definitely aren't cheap ($12 per glass of wine, $8 for an Allagash, etc.) and food is definitely above average in price.  My friends got burgers and fries, which looked and smelled delicious.  They loved their food (the parsley seasoned fries were really good), but again, at $20 a pop, I'm not sure it's worth it. My entree was in the $25 range.  Ambiance was weird.  Felt like it couldn't decide on what it was trying to be.  Also, to get to the bathroom from where we sat, we had to first make our way to the front of restaurant, then go down the stairs, then go through the restaurant to the Hotel Monaco's lobby, then through the lobby, then down ANOTHER set of stairs, and then meander the hallway for the bathroom.  Very strange.

I opted for the braised short rib entree with mashed potatoes and brussels sprouts in demi-glace.  I will say that the portion was HUGE, serving up two giant mounds of meat atop a large bed of deliciously creamy and buttery mashed potatoes.  Everything tasted great and was seasoned perfect, however, the pink peppercorns on the plate totally overwhelmed the palate.  I can get putting a small garnishing of them in the corner, but they dumped like a legit quarter cup over the entire dish, so by the end, I found myself picking around them just to get a regular bite.

Overall, if I were to return, I'd come back for apps and happy hour drinks or lunch.
As far as brunch goes, this place has some pros and cons. They are great for big groups and have a decent menu, BUT if you're in a big group trying to do the mimosa bar it can be very difficult. They only allow 2 bottles on the table at a time, which is less than favorable if you're in a group of 20 people. This restriction needs to be changed to avoid the multiple empty champagne glasses we had to deal with! But as far as the food, I got the huevos rancheros (yum yum yum), would highly suggest!
Ate here a couple days ago while staying at the Hotel connected to it, and it was absolutely fantastic!

Started off great, as they have my favorite beer on tap.

Ordered calamari for an appetizer, thinking by the price it would be a modest portion...but nope, it was a generous portion, and it was great.

For dinner I had the Red Owl burger w/ parmesan truffle fries (excellent!) and the wife had the slow roasted chicken, which was cooked to perfection. 

This was an absolutely wonderful dining experience. We were in town for my wife's birthday and the waitress (McKenzie?) went above and beyond to make sure we were taken care of, the manager even came out and said hello. 

It's rare that I rate a full 5 stars, but service and quality like this deserves it!
TLDR; Closer to 3 stars than 2. Burger was OK, but was the wrong temp. Mac and cheese was pretty good. Issues with seasoning and service mixups.

Located next to Independence Hall and in the lovely Hotel Monaco, the Red Owl Tavern opened up a few years back, seeking to provide updated American fare to the local (read: tourist) masses. So in an effort to check it out, the GF and I decided to have dinner here with some out of town friends, before enjoying some drinks at the rooftop Stratus Lounge.

Hibiscus Fizz [$11]
Absolut hibiscus vodka, lemon juice, basil syrup, sparkling wine

The GF went with the hibiscus fizz, which featured tart effervescence with a nice lime finish.

Spaniard [$10]
Buffalo Trace bourbon, Amontillado sherry and chocolate bitters  

The chocolate bitters were a nice complement to the Buffalo Trace, with the sherry providing some smooth flavors to round things out.

Fried Calamari [$12]

We started off with some fried calamari, which had avocado crema dressed over the crisply fried squid. Unfortunately, the dish was over-salted so after a few, no mas. 

Potato Skins [$8]

The potato skins came as a trio, and while the spicy chorizo was nice, the skins could have been crisper. The innards were creamy though, with sour cream dressed on top.

Vegetable Casserole "Cassoulet" [$18]

The GF went with the veggie casserole (at least according to what was printed on the menu), which was a melange of veggies mixed in with gnocchi and topped with cheese. This was well-seasoned and hearty, but the flavors seemed to blend together a bit too much to distinguish any individual element.  

Big Red Owl Burger [$16]

I went with the standard burger, ordered medium-rare. This came out medium-well and was clearly mixed up with my friend's who got the medium-rare. Still, the saving grace was that the burger had a nice salty crust and was juicy within. The cheddar was perfectly melted and the crisp bacon provided some salty heft. The garlicky parmesan fries could have been crisper, but were delicious nonetheless.

Mac n Cheese [$8]

I couldn't help but get some mac and cheese and Red Owl Tavern's iteration on this comfort staple featured sharp cheddar and nicely al dente pasta. No quibbles here! 

This post was long overdue and to be fair, it's from a late 2013 trip. And for this particular trip, I wasn't overly impressed by the dishes I tried here, especially considering there are plenty of offerings are available in Old City and nearby Midtown Village. The small tables were annoying as well, especially considering the abundance of space.
brunch review

kind of torn between three and four stars. definitely on the tourist path as it's surrounded by all the colonial Philly attractions (e.g., Liberty Bell) and attached to a hotel (which often means mediocre and overpriced)

I didn't have the negative experience some here have posted. food was okay, service was okay, decor and ambiance were very good. I'd come back, but I'd probably try other brunch places first
I had a really mixed experience at the Red Owl Tavern.

Some of the ladies from my office and I went there for happy hour and 2-for-1 appetizers. We tried the sausage, the hummus plate, the pickled vegetables, the BBQ fries, and ordered a side of onion rings. The hummus was tasty. The fries were pretty good, but the real star was the sauce that came with them (which we could have done with more of). The sausage was generally average, and served on toasted bread that had gotten super soggy and unappetizing. Definitely wouldn't order it again. The onion rings were okay, but not $7 price tag good. 

For dessert, we tried the pumpkin whoopee pies (delicious), the chocolate brown butter tart (also good), and a mocha-in-a-jar thing (which was good but really rich). The mocha was actually passed around the table and it took three of us to finish it, it was so heavy.

We also ordered several drinks. The Red Barn was not great, but The Spaniard was good. We all had some Tequila which was excellent. I had them make me a chocolate martini, which was just not mixed well. It was super strong, and between the girls and I none of us could manage to finish it. That and it had no chocolate taste to speak of.

The service was excellent. Our waiter was very attentive, and provided solid food and beverage recommendations to us. 

Overall, considering what the bill was (even with the 2-for-1 apps), I'm not sure I'd go out of my way to go there again. Considering the price tag, I could have a much better meal (and drinks) at the Walnut Street Supper Club or Max Brenner. Glad I went once. I did have fun. But not good enough in the food and drink department to warrant the prices.
I dined here on a late Saturday night with five others. Upon arrival, we were almost immediately seated. The service was okay but definitely nothing over the top in any way. 

The food was however was great. Some of us at the table went with appetizers while some of us went with complete meals. I for one had the fried calamari and it was extremely crisp and flavorful. I topped it off with some tarter sauce and it was yummy! Some other guest at the table had the Salmon dip, wings and fries, Caesar salad, and the Churrasco Steak with the yucca fries. 

Every single person said their meal was great and they thoroughly enjoyed it.

I would definitely be willing to give this place another try because of the food and atmosphere. Even on a late night, they didn't seem to rush us out or anything and the food was still cooked to order.
My friend and I visited this restaurant over memorial day weekend after a 3 hour tour of the city. We arrivedat 4:22 and we were starving!  The hostess sat us at a table for 2 which was so small that we didn't know how both our plates would fit on the table at the same time. I asked the hostess if we could sit at the larger table next to us and she told us no (even though at 4:30 they open up the upstairs portion of the restaurant for dinner where there were several more tables).  We sat down at our cramped table. The waitress came to take our drink order. We both ordered water. She brought us 2 glasses and some water in a glass container. it was about 80 degrees that day and the water was warm. no ice in the glasses. When we looked at the menu, we saw that it was the 'snack menu'. Apparently, you don't get a regular dinner menu until 4:30. While a little annoyed since we only had 5 mins to go, we knew we were only ordering salads so we didn't make an issue of it. We placed our order: a chopped salad and a Caesar salad, both with grilled chicken added (both were ricdiculously priced). and then we waited... and waited....and waited.... after a half an hour, we were pretty annoyed and started looking around for someone. At that point, I noticed there were 2 salads that had been sitting on the counter for quite some time. People have been walking by them, servers have been talking over them, one server was leaning against the counter right next to one of them.  Around this time the manager came over and told us that they lost our ticket and they were correcting the issue now. (i can only assume is that they basically forgot to cook our chicken, even though we were watching the cooks in the kitchen sweep, clean up and converse with each other).  At this point , even after we pointed out that we have been waiting half an hour for SALADS, the manager never offered us anything for the inconvience. Not a drink, not an appetizer, not even some bread for the table. (i should also mention that in all this time our waitress never even came back to check on us so that we could ask for some ice for our warm water). I asked the manager if the salads I have been looking at for quite some time were ours and he said 'yes'. i told him we didnt want salads that have been sitting there so long and people were talking and gesturing over. He said "if you don't want them, then you don't have to take them". We told him we don't want them and that we were going to go. He just walked away, no apologies, no attempt to get us to stay. 
We definitely will not be giving this establishment another chance since it is obvious they do not value their patrons all around experience. From the minute we walked in the door, we knew we should have left. Next time we will listen to our intuition.
I was so so hoping to like this place. Red Owl Tavern has a great view of Independence Mall, the decor is nice and classy, and the prices are very reasonable for a restaurant attached to a hotel. 

We came for breakfast, and were given a small circular table for 3 people, and I believe they had many of them set for four.  If the place were full (say, for dinner), it would be unreasonably crowded.

The tea and coffee service was good, and they use loose leaf tea, which is  a +10 for me.  We ordered breakfast, and I was very excited about the tofu scramble wrap, and my friends got omelettes and salmon respectively. While they said their food was good, but not great, I was very disappointed in the wrap ... it leaked everywhere, and the tofu was obviously not pressed and was very soft. It was also not very flavorful, and came as a giant burrito, with little effort put into presentation. It wasn't terrible (as  scarfed it down anyway -- I rarely leave food standing), but it definitely wasn't good, and definitely not what I hoped for from a vegan option.

I'd like to come back to try the cocktails, but alas, this place will probably get punted from my breakfasting list unless there's some change in the quality of the vegetarian food, or I might come for just tea and toast.
We came to Red Owl Tavern for brunch on a Saturday while visiting my friend in Philly. Our friend told us that their regular food isn't the best, so that could be the reason for some of the lower ratings? But, we went for brunch and had a fabulous experience!! 

Service - was impeccable. We had Samir as a server, and from the first moment he came over, he was super attentive, came by often enough without being overbearing to ask us what else he could do with us, get us drinks, etc. etc.  One friend and I did the bottomless bellinis and we didn't know about the end time and had decided to wait out more of the torrential downpour occurring outside and wanted another bottle of champagne. Samir let us know of the end time but said the juice would be out a little longer so went to see what he could do- he brought back another entire bottle of bubbly and 2 glasses for us to grab some juice to keep at our table. I hope other servers are like this here - going out of their way to ensure you have a good experience. 

Drinks - I had coffee and opted for the bottomless bellini option. Coffee was strong and delish and I loved the bellini bar. They bring a bottle of champagne to your table and then they have an area with the different juice/puree options - peach, pear, strawberry, and passion fruit. I loved the peach and pear options. Bottomless bellinis was 16 dollars per person and I definitely got my moneys worth and enjoyed it. 

Food - I got the huevos rancheros and it was DELICIOUS! It came in a cast iron skillet and all of the flavors blended together perfected. I definitely thought it was the tastiest item on the table, but the other girls enjoyed their meals as well - french toast (honestly, I've had better) and an omelet. If you're a fan of mexican-breakfast fare... I highly recommend the huevos rancheros! 

Overall, we had a wonderful experience and I would definitely go back if ever in philly for brunch. Not sure about the rest of the food, but I can definitely recommend this meal. My only gripe was that they offer bottomless bellinis, but you have a walk into the connected hotel to use the restroom (bellinis can run through you pretty fast!) - but hey - at least we got to see the gorgeous hotel and a beautiful bride on our way :)
Came in for dinner but ended up just staying for a drink. We wanted to get our buzz on whilst enjoying a meal, but unfortunately the drink prices were a tad out of control. I'm talking $9 beers, $10 cocktails, $13 glasses of wine. A Budweiser was $5.

I had two signature cocktails that were absolutely delicious (Red Barn and something about a Juniper- the Juniper was my fave). Service was cordial- they even put the TV on for our Penn State game watchers. The decor is beautiful and I look forward to coming back, perhaps for a special occasion meal. Chicken pot pie sounded sinful (at the lower end of the menu, $14) and the steak menu was impressive (ranging from $20-$45). 

They have a cute bakery area at the front where you can pick up freshly made pies and desserts. An ideal hotel eatery for sure.
This place was okay. 

There was not too much open early so we hit this place. 

The waitress was not very interested in us or anything at all. Her body was there but her spirit must of been working in a library. No talking really. Just takes your order and bye!

The food was nothing special. The potatoes were taken out before the rest of the food leaving them to look like wrinkly old men feet. 

We were disappointed because semi crunchy breakfast potatoes with eggs were going to give us life this fine vacation morning. But, the egg on the breakfast sandwich lacked the gorgeous runny yolk needed to be the star of the sandwich and combined with the old man potatoes- we were let down. 

This owl is probably looking down in total disappointment for putting his name to shame on this establishment. Do better for the owl, guys. Come on.
i was staying at the lovely Hotel Monaco (to which this bar is connected to) and figured that I would give this place a try.  The vibe is just a little uptight.  A bit like a sports bar.  I attempted to venture upstairs when I was accosted by a very tall, very bald doorman who looked like he was going to burst a blood vessel as he brusquely steered me away from that area, explaining that it was only for diners.  Ok Max Headroom!  Get your prescription changed.
With an entrance off the street and through the Kimpton's Hotel Monaco lobby, it's easy to find your way in.  A seat on the second floor gives a bit of a view towards Independence Hall.  Dark red weathered bricks and exposed rough looking wood beams lend an "old Philadelphia" air to the setting, but the food is purely modern.  

Corn and crab fried fritters get a bite from chipotle dipping sauce, but could use a bit less breaking, as the sweet corn and crab are a bit overpowered.  The BLT features Brie on brioche, with avocado optional for extra creaminess.  House green salad splits well if you're having apps and a lighter lunch.
Pretty solid place for HH it's clearly a tourist trap as all the signature cocktails, wines and beers were grossly over priced. 

7.00 for all signature drinks during HH. Wine and beer specials. I  didn't have anything to eat but they did offer a few snack options. Based on the hH menu alone id come back my gin cocktail was pretty amazing.
I've been to Red Owl for brunch and for after-dinner drinks and I am solidly a fan of this establishment. 

Both times I visited, the service was very accommodating (and props to the red-headed bartender whose name I forget that has the cousin who works at Troegs--she's super-friendly and helpful), especially the time when I visited for brunch. I came late and then half of our party left early and our waitress was super-kind, attentive, and even split their part of the check so they didn't have have to leave the rest of us money.

Food-wise, I was happy with the brunch menu. I had a goat cheese omelet with some mixed greens, which was delicious and I wolfed it down. Also, the french fries are extremely addictive, so beware! They're perfectly seasoned, a little greasy, but overall gobble-worthy.

My favorite thing about the brunch menu is the bottomless champagne bucket, which is something like $16 a head and includes all of the champagne and fruit juice you can drink (in my case, just the champagne. I got there late and had to catch up). The draft list is also very craft-heavy, which I appreciated when I arrived for happy hour.
Ate here lie first night in Philly as this restaurant was attached to our hotel. Great decor. Awesome menu. Very well prepared and fresh. Fast customer service. It was busy so we had to sit at the bar, the bar stools are highly uncomfortable- be advised. The bartender was personable and provided us with fast service. Was convenient for us to grab a bite before turning into our room. Would definitely recommend. Overall pleasant
We dined here and really were hoping to enjoy ourselves, since the ambiance is nice, at first staff polite and friendly, nice drink menu. However, once we sat we were put in, in my opinion, one of the most awkward positions a diner can be in. The state of the staff was in total shambles. There seemed to be a few "managers" around, but despite this, I felt like I was on an episode of Kitchen Nightmares. The very young what I am guessing were managers were in the way of the staff, to an almost comical degree. They seemed to have no idea how to move around a restaurant. Our waitress was completely in her own world, looking around, playing with her hair even at the table. We ordered, and apparently something went wrong with the (open) kitchen. There was a pretty obvious argument going on between kitchen staff, and the floor staff. It was so awkward for us, that when the nice young man brought us our food, we actually vocally commiserated with him. He was very polite and sweet, but noticeably upset. We felt sorry for him. Other than that, the food was so overpriced for just boring bland meals. The dirty plates sat on our table the duration of our meal, and the check was dropped too early. This young kid who I think was a manager asked how everything was on our way out and we said fine, because, well it was way too late. Don't go here unless drinking at the bar. Awkward staff situation to be perfectly honest.
I had the pleasure of doing at Red Owl Tavern a few weekends ago. My visit was spurred on by a Travelzoo voucher offering a great deal. Me and the missus along with my brother in love and his lovely wife met at 7:30. We found street parking and it was due to the time of day. We walked a couple of blocks to Red Owl. The venue offers outside seating and we saw quite a few patrons enjoying their meal outside. We entered and took it all in. Red Owl has a nice large bar which was bustling with activity. The large open dining room was also lively. We met with our party and were seated. I like the open kitchen and dessert station. The exposed steel beams and dark wood in the restaurant was nicely done. I also noticed upstairs seating. Katie a manager spoke with us and told us that our server would be by shortly. Our server Francis was great. He took our drink order and got our appetizers started. The voucher allowed us to get two bottles of wine. We picked a house white and the Prosecco. The wines were enjoyed by all. We tried the calamari, wings and crab and corn fritters. The calamari was lightly breaded and cooked perfectly, nice and tender. The wings were moist and juicy with plenty of tasty rub seasoning. The crab and corn fritters were good reminded me of hush puppies. Our entrees chosen were the duck breast half chicken and the short ribs. The duck was amazing, very tender and seasoned well. My brother said his chicken was tender but he felt it needed more seasoning.  The braised short rib was extremely tender. I just wish it was more flavorful. The mashed potatoes were tasty a little on the thin side. The fried brussels were yummy. I enjoyed a very nice baked pumpkin ale during my meal. The dulche de leche ice cream sandwich was hit. Spoons were clashing during the sharing. Generous portions.

The downside of the night was the long wait we had for our entrees and dessert. We brought the issue up to our server and manager Katie took care of us with a round on the house. Katie explained that the restaurant was working with a new menu which was causing the kitchen to move a bit slower.

Four stars for Red Owl Tavern. I highly recommend it and will definitely return to try more dishes.
I was wandering center city looking for a new place to try on my lunch break and came across this.  I was glad I did.
Its a got classic tavern feel with wooden walls and floors but the décor gives a slight modern accent as well.  The crowd is mostly over 30 (if not older) and fairly well dressed.  During the weekdays its mostly local business people.  

I've only been there once (with plans to go again) and I had the Tavern Burger.  It was very good.  The sauce and glazed bun made it stand aside from your usual burger.  Throw in the herb seasoned fries and you have a pleasant twist on typical pub fare.  It is a bit pricey ($16 for a burger) but I guess its standard for the Liberty Bell area.  
They seemed to have a solid draft list, but I could not partake as I was working.

The staff was super friendly.  The bartender was talkative and attentive.  An employee brought me a new napkin before I even realized I dropped mine on the floor.

Check these guys out!
A fellow Yelp elite friend and I ventured out to Red Owl Tavern during the 2018 restaurant week (January). Both of us knew about this place for years but surprisingly neither did we come here before. I enjoyed my first dining experience here with their restaurant week lunch menu.

The Red Owl Tavern is definitely one of the upscale restaurant bars in Old City, as it's the hotel restaurant of the fancy Kimpton Hotel Monaco. The decor is tasteful and their service is appropriate for its targeted customers, slightly too formal and not friendly enough for me.

Overall, the food is fabulous. I ordered braised mussels, roast pork sandwich, and the hazelnut coffee layer cake off the restaurant week menu. The braised mussels were cooked with chorizo in a special flavorful sauce, the taste of which was extraordinary (I like mussels as appetizers but find white sauce mussels boring). The mussels were served in a pot and I didn't realize how large the portion was until I was half-way through. I guess there were about 30 mussels but I couldn't share with my companion because she was allergic to shellfish, so I had to box them to save my stomach for my entree. 

Both of us had the roast pork sandwich for entree, came with a small side of fires. The pork was well-seasoned and the bread was crispy on the outside, but it was really hard to bite.  We also found a minor inconsistency that my companion got lots of veggies in her sandwich while I only had one piece of veggie.

My coffee layer cake was yummy but too large for me after eating a sandwich. I ate one layer of the cake and box the rest of it (yes, I ended up with lots of leftover from one meal).

Red Owl Tavern is not the type of places I often go to because I drink minimal alcohol and do not like bar food. Nevertheless, they changed my mind with their restaurant week menu. I'd love to come back to try some other things. P.S. We took a quick peek at their regular lunch menu before we ordered and it's on the pricey side as expected.
Came here on a Thursday night and met friends at the bar. Drinks were strong. Cocktails were complex. One of the bartenders refers to all the men as "Friend" and all the women as "Love". I find this to be pretentious and annoying.   

For being a hotel bar, it really doesn't feel like it (other than the two-story convoluted route to the bathroom, which is in the hotel proper). The restaurant has an industrial vibe with lots of brick, metal railings, pulleys and exposed ductwork. 

Food was pricey. $19 for a burger.  I had the salmon, which cost more, but was very good. You get what you pay for. Service upstairs was attentive and since it wasn't crowded, it was quiet. 

Annoyance: Either the menus are too big for the table or the table is too small for the menu. Four people cannot lay the menu on the table and look at it. You must hold the menu up or in your lap.
To me, this is the very definition of a tourist trap.

Sure, it's cute and conveniently situated near many of Philadelphia's major attractions but there are significant downsides.

The food was good but not stellar. The service was OK but less than attentive. And the prices were outrageous. $20 for a burger and fries (more if you chose add-ons) and $5 for ICED TEA. Not a Long Island Iced Tea, regular tea.

Unless money is no object, check out some of the more reasonable places in the area.
Let me first start by saying, that I am not a heathen by any sense of the word, but Oh My God... I wanted to lick my plate when I'm done. Enough so that my server even offered to turn his head as I pretended to do so. 

This place is a bit pricey, but I would gladly pay for the level of service and the food all over again every single day. Now, I may need to win the lottery to go every single day, especially considering I live in Ohio and I'd have to fly there... ok, tangent. 

But seriously, you get the picture. I also do not eat a ton of meat because I'm a weirdo and I'm big on texture. If I get a piece of chicken with gristle in it for example, I can't another bite. So, I will admit, I was very hesitant when I decided to order the short rib for dinner with the mashed potatoes and gravy. The server assured me it was a delicious choice over whatever else I was pondering, so I said, "What the hell? I'm on a mini vacation right? I may as well splurge a little and take a chance." 

When they brought out this bowl of magical deliciousness, the aroma reminded me of those old cartoons, were it would turn into a finger beckoning you over to it. I wanted to put my face into the mashed potatoes and just inhale them. The short rib was not what I expected it to be, it was a million times better, and good gravy was it tender. 

I have never eaten a better selection of meat in my life, and I'm not even kidding. It was fantastic. The mashed potatoes and veggies I got were such a great compliment, and I really wish we had a Red Owl here. I would love to spoil myself with that tasty dish again sometime. The atmosphere seemed dressy but was really laid back, and everything looked so industrial and so well put together. We sat up in the balcony and were overlooking the place. Fantastic!!!
Staying at the hotel I was attracted by the clean design of the Red Owl, everything from there when down the hill.... Awful attitude from hostess , an absent waiter although it was only 11.30am so not too many guests. I ordered a classic, Phily Cheestake and it was a disaster, it was basically a meat paste on a dry piece of bread.... I ate the Brussel sprouts which were decent, I left my sandwich behind, waiter came by to grab the full plate without even wondering why I had only taken one bite. I do Take it upon me to mention how dissatisfied I was with the sandwich, all he said is sorry and walked away bringing me back my bill....

I am on the road constantly , I rarely leave reviews but this experience was so bad it called for some carved time out of my schedule to write it.
I came here with a group of 6 for a boozy brunch on a Saturday morning. We had a reservation, so we were promptly seated. Bottles of champagne ran for $19 and came with a complementary juice bar complete with multiple types of juice and an assortment of fresh fruit. Definitely the highlight of the meal. I ordered a fritata, and other orders at my table included the huevos rancheros (with steak), farm fresh eggs over easy, eggs benedict, and french toast. My fritata was just fine, a little on the oily side for something that is baked and too heavy on the cheese. The service was mediocre; the staff wasn't particularly friendly, and I don't think our waitress smiled at all the entire time. Overall, I think that there are better and more affordable spots for a boozy brunch.
Just had the best brunch experience here. Talia is amazing! Split the eggs Benedict and French toast. Both were delicious. Bellini bar includes a bottle of champagne and comes with pear, strawberry, peach, and passion fruit juices (for $18). Best brunch I've had in months!
This is a review of the brunch. Keep away. The menu is kind of meh, nothing jumps out at you.

Coffee was burnt..
The waffles seemed like they were right out of a microwave. Rubbery and tasteless (the server gave them high marks)....
The mixed-berry compote on the french toast was beyond sweet, almost unedible..
Hash was very standard..

Throw in some yogurt and you have yourself a $90 meal - pretty ridiculous.
To be fair, this joint is a good spot for grabbing snacks and drinks, especially if you're staying in the attached hotel. Just find brunch elsewhere.
Our go-to restaurant for brunch with a big group of people! Even though our reservations are made sometimes last minute, they always accommodate us. The restaurant has a very pleasant dining atmosphere with its large, lofty ceilings and warehouse look, set right by independence hall and the liberty bell. We go for the champagne bar! We order a bottle of champagne and have them keep it coming. The champagne bar has raspberries, strawberries and orange slices in a bowl that you can add to your drink. There are also bottles of fresh juices that you can add as well (the strawberry and the passion fruit are high delicious!). You don't really need to dress up a pour of champagne but it certainly is fun when you do! 

The food here is great as well. I get the huevos rancheros and I've also gotten the three meat hash which is very filling and flavorful. My friend got the French toast and the whipped cream was fresh. 

Whether you're in town and visiting with your family, or attempting to begin a hefty session of day drinking with a large group of friends, this is a solid place to try out!
My family and I had an outstanding lunch at Red Owl while in town to see the Liberty Bell.  Innovative menu, big portions, and kid-friendly from beginning to end.  

The best part was the service, notably from #Richard.  This server picked up immediately on my daughter's sign language and made it his mission to engage her.  He came back multiple times to chat with us/her, learn more signs and engage with all of in sign.

Great restaurant and even better people.  Highly recommend!

#Richardftw. #askforrichard
Is it near the tourist spots? Yes. Is it delicious and warm and wonderful? YES! Don't let the location fool you, this spot has super delicious and elegantly quirky drinks, great service, and a thoughtful little menu. 

We had the Catcher in the Rye, a caraway seed infused Rittenhouse Rye plus delicious other goodies, and a beautiful cocktail of Monkey Shoulder scotch with St Germain and other accoutrement. Divine!

We also nabbed the calamari, which was nicely prepared, super tender, and served with grilled lemon (a nice touch) and a wonderful mustard remoulade. Highly recommended! This place was just so cozy and warm and tasty.
We are big fans of the Kimpton Brand and have stayed twice at the Monaco over the holidays.  The most recent time was with the family and we were very impressed with the dinner at the Red Owl Tavern.  Some kinks to work out with the service (newer restaurant), but the food and the effort was great.  
Food - wife and 4 year old loved the short ribs. I had a beet pasta dish that was fantastic.  7 year old did not see anything on the menu she liked, so she just ordered off menu - no problem
Service - a little disorganized, but tried really hard.  No booster seats, so they grabbed a larger pillow from the lobby.  I appreciate the effort.
Overall, we have been to many Kimpton properties and most times, the food/food choice is just "OK".  Not the case with the Monaco in Philly.
This place was pretty cool until they changed a UFC fight because of a "parent's complaint."  First, if 90% of folks at the bar want to watch the fights, it's a good indicator that they'll stick around and enjoy the eve.  Second, it's 945 at night.  Kids should be in bed.  If not, turn their seats away from the tv, so everyone else can have adult time.
Just came here for lunch because it's sort of new and it looked nice from the outside. 

The place is pretty neat. I was pondering how that the nice fragile looking olden days wooden ceiling could hold the myriad heavy metal sconces with no problem while waiting for my table for 15 mins at noon on a Monday and we were led to a corner table next to huge mason jars of marinated fruits and vegetables. I mean, it's obvious that this is a tourist trap being right next to Independence Hall and the Liberty Bell but how good is the food?

A strange thing happened during our meal and please pardon this soliloquy but I think it's essential to this review: Being an Asian gay guy there are things that I notice especially when I'm dating a white guy. Sometimes, I become invisible. I guess stereotypically the white guy has more money, or has better communication skills, or is the dominant in charge one. But since I'm the sugar daddy of most/all of my relationships, I find it offensive when a server ignores me entirely. So that happened at Red Owl. 

During my entire time at Red Owl, the fairly good looking server had only looked at me about twice. Once when he took my drink order as an after thought, the other when he was taking my food order. He didn't looked at me during our meal and asked "How are you guys doing?", he didn't looked at me when he asked if we wanted any desserts, he didn't looked at me when he brought us the check. It's bizarre, I mean there's only 2 people in our party but my boyfriend might as well be eating by himself. 

It's possible that he's attracted to my boyfriend, I mean he's no slouch but still, a more professional waiter would at least try to address both party equally.

We had 3 things at Red Owl, sausage of the day with white beans, arugula, pickled fennel marmalade. It was good on paper and it was good on the plate. Sausage, white beans and arugula is a pretty classic combo and the pickled fennel marmalade added a lot of interest. It's served on a piece of multigrain. I got the pancetta, lettuce, brie and tomato (PLBT) sandwich and my boyfriend got the grilled vegetable and goat cheese sandwich. The grilled vegetable is pretty well made, it's got grilled eggplant, zucchini, yellow squash, peppers in it to make it real earthy with dots of creamy tangy goat cheese and pesto. Traditional Italian flavors. The PBLT had crispy pancetta, rich brie with lettuce tomato, mayo and toasted. buttered Challah bread. I love challah bread and all the ingredients but when you put them all in one sandwich it's just a bit too oily and rich for me. 

I probably won't go back even though they have a nice 2nd floor balcony but I'm sure with a primo location and better than average food, they won't lack customers.
I went here for Center city restaurant week. The atmosphere is casual and laid back. A great place to chill with coworkers, meet up with old friends, or get to know a new acquaintance. The seating area upstairs and downstairs provided ample space. 

The food was good. The ribs were good. The ribs were tender and succulent. The menu had a good variety of appetizers and entrees. There was something for every one to enjoy. The restaurant also appeared to be family friendly as there were numerous families with their children. The noise level was not bad and the staff was friendly. 

This place is definitely a place to put on your list to try :).
The Red Owl Tavern was located on the first floor of our hotel. My wife wanted a real breakfast, so we decided to give it a shot. Really wish we hadn't!

The experience started off innocently enough. We walked in and nearly all of the 1st floor seating was taken. It was mostly business folks, but there was one other family there. The menu was short, but the options appeared interesting. The waitress was pleasant.

My wife ordered the Red Owl omelet with orange juice and I the sweet potato pancakes with coffee. My son opted for milk and toast. The OJ and coffee arrived. The OJ was very good according to my wife, but the coffee was pretty much institutional coffee. 

When the meals arrived, the size of the entries was good. This pretty much ends the "good" of our visit here. The omelet was according to my wife, tasteless. The sweet potato pancakes on the other hand were not pleasant tasting and very dry. They had some sort of butter on top that tasted good, but there was not nearly enough to cancel out the taste of the pancakes. 

After waiting for some time for our server to reappear, we received the bill....Huh?! About 53 before tax and tip! If the food would have been outstanding, I might have muttered a bit, but would have accepted it. However, for what we were fed, this bill was totally outrageous! Needless to say, this will not be on my itinerary the next time we visit Phillie!
Great space, decor and location in the Kimpton Monoco Hotel. Our server was a bit on the sketchy side, was nervous and forgetful. The table next to us got up and left, they said they were just waiting too long for toast and croissant. 
Our breakfast sandwiches were pretty basic, nothing special.
My fiancé and I had a stay-cation night at the Kimpton and were pleasantly surprised by the Red Owl, mostly because our server Kris brought the whole experience together for us.  

Apps: charcuterie - chicken liver mouse, pâté wrapped in bacon, jamon serano, brie, raisin nut bread (ask for some fennel chips), in-house pickled veg, grain mustard, dried fruit.  Great starter to get your taste buds firing on all cylinders.

Pear salad - brandy soaked pears, blue cheese, arugula, sweet potato crisps, added 4 large shrimp for $4.  Refreshing and not at all sweet.  Sweet potato anything is the new goat cheese, it goes great with everything.

Entrée - (to drink, st. germain? it was a rosemary drink) braised lamb leg that resembled the Flintstone intro, and was a perfect choice for the upcoming season.  Spicy pepper remulade, black lentils, meat fell off the bone, no knife required.

Sea bass - light, flavorful, and a crispy, massive portion given the species.  Kennet square mushrooms, sea bass, nothing to hide, just glorious ingredients.

Dessert: mocha mouse - ridiculously rich, could have shared it for days. Abundance of cocoa and coffee flavor, extremely smooth, well executed.

Lemon tart - fiancé was not impressed, said the lemon filling tasted too much like egg whites.

Our server Kris was phenomenal.  He was knowledgeable without being pretensious, agreeable without placating, and fun without being intrusive.  The overall grade from us is 4 stars simply because Red Owl isn't trying to compete with 5 star establishments.  Red Owl is fun, delicious, and a welcomed addition to our Contemporary American style restaurants.

Next time I'm leaving the fiancé behind so I can get the fresh beet pasta and an apple pie!  She's not a fan of either.
Nice decor.

Good quality brunch options.  The lox was deeelish and the bacon was crunchy.

Great service.  Very attentive servers and totes affable.

BUT...its hella expensive.  like $5 for orange juice?  Stop it.

Try it, I guess.
Terrible service and mediocre food. Quite possibly the worst service I've had in a long time. 

My husband and I were guests at the hotel and came here for dinner. We sat down and were one of three tables. We ordered drinks and appetizers to start. Our appetizers (a cheese board and chipotle hummus platter) sat on the counter for 10-15 minutes while our waitress was nowhere to be found.  I spotted the manager and asked him if we could have our appetizers since they had been sitting for a while. He didn't apologize, just dropped off the apps to our table and walked away. Five minutes later, our waitress glanced at our table, but never came by to check on us, nor did the manager. 

We also ordered the short ribs and chicken wings, and the wings were disgusting. Every time we needed something, we had to literally flag down our waitress or other staff to get additional drinks, etc. Sooooooo disappointed in our experience. Stay clear, because the staff doesn't care about your experience here!!!
Red owl, is a very cool spot, bartenders are very knowledgeable when it comes to drinks and their food. But this place is not the place to come if you're watching your budget. If you're into the $6 beers and $12ish drinks this is the place for you. Put it like this, a $20 burger is the cheapest thing of the menu. The fritters are great but really this is not my type of spot, it's connected to the hotel I was staying in so I went a few times
We were in somewhat of a rush to get to a bus near 30th St. but the waiter was very understanding and recommended us the dishes that come out the fastest, and he wasn't fooling around: within about 10 mins we already got all of our dishes together (me burger, my dad ribs, and my girlfriend a salad) and had plenty of time to eat! 
My burger came with some great fries seasoned with parmesan (might be quite salty for the average mouth) and the burger itself was fair. my dad enjoyed his ribs, and my girlfriend was pleased with her salad being a vegetarian.

All in all great zippy service and well made food on all levels!
The huevos rancheros were delish.

I thought the $18 Bellini bar was a great deal! A bottle of champagne and a selection of juices. 

Then they confused pineapple juice with orange juice - this wasting a Bellini on my part. 

And I was really ticked when what i took a tiny apple Danish that appeared to be free pastries on the Bellini bar turned up as a $3 charge.
Very poor quality as a hotel restaurant.  
We eat at a hotel restaurant even its food is mediocre and everything is overpriced, because we expect to be treated really nicely by well trained staff.  Well, the experience at this hotel restaurant was very unique.  We (five of us) stayed at the Hotel Monaco to celebrate my birthday, and reserved Red Owl Tavern based on many good reviews.  When we arrived at the tavern, we were taken to a table for four.  We told the gentleman that we were a party of five and we had a reservation.  He told us that he would bring a chair.  So, one of us sat on a chair that was placed in an aisle.  We then saw the area in the back where a group of five or so just left.  So we asked if we could move there.  The waitress told us that those tables were reserved.  I told her that we too "reserved" a table for five not four, and it was my birthday.  She told me that she would "see what she could do."  Soon, a lady came to our table and said, "Those tables are reserved."  I told her that we had made a reservation for five.  She said, "Sorry, this is only what we have" and patted on my shoulder and left.  My husband was upset, but I said it was OK.  I decided not to let this ruin my birthday.  After that, however, few things went right. They brought pasta with cheese even though I asked the waitress no cheese due to my daughter's allergy.  So, my very hungry daughter had to wait another 20 minutes for her pasta with no cheese.  We had to ask why the bread, the side, and my father's dish were so late when other dishes were already at the table.  When the bread came after a long wait, it had butter on it despite the fact we told the waitress my daughter was allergic to dairy.  My 81 year old father's dish (Caesar salad with chicken) finally came after everyone finished their food which was more than an hour after we ordered all the food.  While all these things happening, we saw the area we had hoped to move in order to have more room which was "reserved" completely empty.  Toward the end of the meal, a couple of people were seated at one of the empty tables.  Our waitress was very apologetic.  She was never rude.  She took the pasta, Caesar salad, bread, off the bill, which was nice.  Would I like to dine at Red Owl Tavern again to deal with all the stress, especially for a special occasion like a birthday?  Absolutely not.  I hope the general manager of the Hotel Monaco (Mr. James Adamson) will make more effort to train people at the restaurant at the Hotel.
I was in Philly on a Sunday night, and unsure of where to go to eat. I am hardly ever out by myself in the city, so I was nervous to go to a bar without friends, as I wasn't in the mood to fight off guys trying to talk to me. My uber driver recommended the Red Owl Tavern, so that is where I ended up that night. I was greeted by a very friendly hostess who I told I wanted to sit at the bar, as it seemed that was where all the activity was going on. As someone who pretty much never drinks, I had no idea what to order, and most times the bartender will look at me like I'm an idiot when I ask what they suggest I would like. This was not the case this time, the bartender was one of the nicest and most friendly guys I had ever met (and pretty handsome too). He was able to explain all the drinks on the menu and suggest the ones he thought I would like the most. He told me his name was Mirek, and if I was in the area more, I would definitely come back. Food was a high price, but well worth it. Thank you for the wonderful service!!
Great place to grab a dinner and some drinks in old town Philly.

Nice looking bar/restaurant that fits in well with the location... which is right next to the Independence Hall and the Liberty Bell.

We had the chicken... which was really done well... nice spices and flavor... unique... my wife got a big garden salad and it was really good.

Overall a fine place ...
This is by far the worst restaurant. We ordered 2 Cesar salads, kids pasta and the beef major. It took 45 minutes to get our food and the steak meal was missing the potatoes. The manager comped the steak meal but before the steak meal  was even finished they cleared the table. They removed the plates before they were finished and without asking. Extremely rude service. Do not go!
Just breezing through Philly after being head butted by a horse and decided to stop into this place on the corner for a quick bite.  They serve brunch all weekend and it was absolutely scrumptious.  

I settled with their house made country pate because I'm a big fan of liver (stop gagging, it's delectable).  I was expecting some pate and slices of bread not the smorgasbord that they came out with.  Not only was the liver filled with other textures but it came with a homemade honey mustard, dried fruit, brie and the bread was a type of fruit bread.  It was absolutely amazing with every single bite.  The only complaint that I had was that I wish there was more slices of bread!  With all of the wonderful things they included on the board to eat there wasn't enough bread to go around and eat with everything.
For such a large restaurant that just opened, I was very impressed.  I was in on a Saturday evening with a large group.  Upon arrival we were promptly seated.  They did a great job with the look/feel of the joint.  They have a large bar with a very nice display of whiskeys and bourbons.  It looks like they repurposed many of the materials used in construction.

We split 2 mussels appetizers (sausage and garlic), both of which were good, but the consensus was the garlic was the best.  I went with the sirloin with cheese.  we also had the cheesy grits side.  i also had the chance to try the fresh beet pasta and pork confit papardelle.  Both were tasty, especially the pork.

Drinks were strong and very affordable.  I was a big fan of the Scottsman.  

I'm looking forward to returning again.
i'll definitely be back to try this chicken pot pie that yelpers rave about. sadly, i'm not allowed to eat chicken on new years eve because my filipino mother says that if i do, then i'll be "scratching for money" in the new year.  ridiculous i know, but i obey!

anyways, my friends from baltimore came up to philly to celebrate new years eve.  red owl tavern delivered a perfect dinner to start off the night and ring in the new year.  i was immediately impressed by the atmosphere and decor.  rustic but elegant, the lofted open concept with exposed prep area and expansive bar are trendy and intriguing.  the drink menu is solid, we all enjoyed our choices, but while my old fashioned was strong and tasty, they went a little overboard with the ice cubes.  it's a minor infraction considering i recognize the snobbiness of my expectations.  unfortunately, i feel like the plethora of craft cocktail bars in center city have set a higher standard for any new bar that claims "craft cocktails."  for appetizers, we got the bone marrow.  buttery and creamy and spread over crostini on a bed of arugula.  quite tasty but it's a small portion good enough for only a couple of bites.  for dinner i had a perfectly cooked medium rare sirloin filet.  my fiance had the beet pasta with pork belly, which she loved but was a little sweet for me.  in fact, we all thoroughly enjoyed our meals.  i honestly didn't expect much from this hotel restaurant but i have to say that i'm delightfully surprised. 

i'll definitely hit up red owl tavern again.  and for more than just the chicken pot pie, since supposedly i should have enough "scratch" in 2013.
Great food - very pricey for breakfast.  We were looking for a place on our way to the Convention Center and had passed this place a couple times.  I had the French Toast and it was great.  We just spent over $40 for two breakfast dishes and two orange juices.
FIRST and foremost -- GREAT SERVICE!!! This place INVENTED the warm welcome and non-intrusive attentiveness. Mirrors hotel service wherein the resto is located. Food OK. Great tourist location. 25 percent tip. If you're in the hood, try it. -- HOTSPUR. (This review will also appear at The PJ (www.junto.blogspot.com).
Made a point to review :) believe it or not found this place on allergy eats, I'll put up a review there next! I work in restaurant and understand allergies take more time and care, a hot commodity in a busy restaurant. Allergies aside the restaurant atmosphere is superb, greeted and sat with friendliness and humor out of the cold. 
Our server Aaron, I can't say enough good things about- he didn't flinch at my list of allergies, recommended exquisite food, personally checked to make sure I could eat something safe and delicious with the cooks (thank you Bobby for one of the most exquisite meals I've had in years). 
To top it off, after I was halfway through my meal and had warmed up with coffee, he examined my tastes in whiskey and recommended his personal favorite. Sold, and I was not disappointed. I'll definitely be grabbing a bottle of bookers for home :) I love a server with such care, menu knowledge, both food and alcohol, character, warmth, and humor. Ask for Aaron if he's working! He embodies the character and reputation of Red Owl Tavern and if I lived here he'd have made a regular out of me! Hopefully this review entices future regulars on my behalf :)
When I'm back in philly this will be a must-visit spot. Thank you for making me and my family warm and well-fed! Couldn't have asked for better.
Red owl killed it. We got lots of love from John and Kyle after being turned away (as hotel guests!) from the hotel sky bar. Thanks Kyle! Gave us complimentary drinks for our troubles. Really nice people and great service!
Right across the street from Independence Hall, Red Owl Tavern is a must-try for those in Old City Philly. It has a rustic and charming feel in the dining areas, and servers were quite friendly. My compatriots and I all enjoyed our meals, which were reasonably priced. I had the BLTB, which is your classic three-pronged sandwich along with Brie cheese. It was irresistible. We were there at the time of day when both breakfast and lunch were offered, so making a final decision on what to have was difficult, in a good way. Red Owl soars above in regard to food presentation and quality of taste. Owl surely be coming back sometime!
What a poor excuse for a restaurant, and I already expect hotel restaurants to be expensive and mediocre but the prices here were ridiculous and not posted on the menu. 

I asked if there were any other options on the breakfast menu for kids and he said they do things a la carte, like eggs, bacon, fruit....one of the a la carte things we ordered was three eggs....we paid $5 for the first two and then $3 for the 3rd. What's that about? And $5 for a drip coffee? The most overpriced coffee chain doesn't charge that for a venti. 
In the end we paid over $50 for 1 order of croissants (2), 2 miniature danishes, a small bowl of cold oatmeal and 3 slices of bacon and 3 scrambled eggs. 

We should have just braved the cold like we did for every other meal when we were staying at Hotel Monaco.
Went here with a few friends as the place to have our reunion dinner. We hadn't seen eachother since elementary school and got reacquainted through Facebook so this was a pretty special dinner. 

The restaurant is very swanky and the prices show this. I do think the food was worth the price although all of my party thought it was very expensive. I ordered the lobster bake which was delicious. It was not fantastic and there wasn't alot of seafood but it was adequate for me. I also ordered a Neopolitan Old Fashion which was made perfectly. 

My friends ordered the fritters, carpaccio, crab cake and fries. Plus 2 shots of tequila, a lemonade and 2 more old fashions. Bill was $170 which is not bad but some of my friends weren't expected it. 

And I must say something about our waiter. Unfortunately, I didn't remember his name but he was fantastic! Very attentive, nice and even bought out a dessert because it was also one of my friend's bday. He was just real cool. 

5 stars for service
3 stars for food
4 stars for ambience 
2 stars for price.  

But I was satisfied.
Was in town for the weekend and after a red eye flight I took a stroll to Independence Hall and the Liberty Bell. I stumbled upon this place and decided to check it out. It was a Friday lunch visit and they were moderately busy but I had no problems getting service, and water. It is a nice atmosphere. The views from this place was great as you can see the "city" action from within. I was a walk-in. I did not have reservations.
This rating does not include food - Hopped in the Red Owl this afternoon for a drink while checking out the sites in Old City. Enjoyed their extensive liquor/liqueur selection, a great place for scotch lovers. The atmosphere of the bar is unique, with a rustic but modern feel. The restaurant walks into the lobby at the Hotel Monaco, quite a fancy place. 
Loved the atmosphere and the bar staff were friendly and attentive.
Great place! Good atmosphere!  Can get bit crowded but if your not in a hurry...ENJOY! Outside eating area is delightful on nice day/night! Great people watching.  Food is really good- own butcher downstairs-they have specials based on what is yumm for the day/night! Bartender was friendly (Jim?) and offered great suggestions of places to go that re local like the Tavern!  I loved this place and would go every time I'm in that area!!!
Bartenders are cocky and don't understand the value of customer service. Getting a drink looking irritated and putting it down in front of you is not good customer service. Three straight days of this with several different bartenders. 

Food was ok but everything is overpriced. I'm fine paying hotel restaurant prices for food if it is really good. This place was average and the menu wasn't very appealing.
Stayed at the Kimpton Monaco. I came down from my room (not knowing I could have ordered from them through room service) for a light meal. I opted for a Caesar salad with grilled shrimp...it was delicious! The jumbo shrimp was grilled and seasoned perfectly. The salad was lightly dressed with a tangy Caesar dressing and topped with shaved Parmesan and buttery croutons. 

While my family rested upstairs I enjoyed some quite time after a hectic day of travel and so I appreciated that the establishment lent itself for the occasion. The waitress was friendly and attentive, but not intrusive.  Although I was a table or two away from the bar and other patrons, the place was not overly loud. 

Overall, a nice place...the service was prompt and friendly, and my dinner was delicious.
This bar is connected to the hotel Monaco.  Definitely not cheap but very cool vibe.  Huge L shaped bar that wraps around the perimeter of the restaurant with seating in the middle.  It's a little crowded if you are at the bar because the tables of people dining are within a foot of the bar so you sorta feel like you're invading diner's personal space.  Loved the way the mimosas were set up here.  The bar pours the champagne and you put in the juice.  There were several option including orange, grapefruit, mango, raspberry and lychee.  YUM!  Great idea.  Didn't get to try any food this time but there was a guy eating a burger at the bar next to me and judging from the way it looked, it was probably amazing.
I am just ending a 60 day food tour by myself, where I drove through about 9 states/13 cities, consuming great food (and average), while experiencing the same with service.  sadly, this place falls into the category of 'waste of time'.  two reasons:

1). My service from Nick.  I only know his name because it was on the bill. When I sat down, I knew the service was going to suck.  Probably cause I was wearing a NY Giants cap.  Whatever, I was not greeted in a friendly manner.  Was finally poured a cup of coffee, but not asked if I needed cream or sugar.  I needed to ask for cream as Nick walked around outside the bar area, filling up other customers cups. I also was not asked if I wanted orange juice etc, when I first sat down.  The customer who sat down next to me was in fact greeted warmly, asked what they needed etc. So, I call Nick out on this.  Thanks for not giving a shit.

2) that eggs Benedict.  Watery eggs, a hollandaise sauce that would make any professional chef cringe, and a stale rosemary biscuit.  All for $16.  Plus OJ and coffee, putting you into the $30 range.

I get it.  Restaurant within beautiful hotel can and will charge these prices, that is not an issue.  for me though, you need to serve a solid breakfast, which this place didn't.  As well, try being friendly and accommodating to the customer.  A very disappointing experience.  Definitely wouldn't return.
We actually really enjoyed most of the food. But the service was horrendous--our receipt said the server's name was Stephen. 

First mistake on our part was a ordering a cup of coffee for $5. It was brought out black-didn't ask if we needed cream or sugar, NOT refilled, and would've been free in the hotel. 

Next, we ordered our sons food (plain Greek fage yogurt) and the server offered to bring it out first, along with 2 Danishes (apple and raspberry). Very nice offer! Unfortunately our entrees came out first, followed 5 minutes later by 2 overly sweet butterscotch Danishes (he said "they're out of raspberry so here are 2 Apple") and a bowl of yogurt without a spoon. 

He definitely did a "drop and run" with our food. We needed refills on water and coffee, hot sauce for our eggs, a spoon for the yogurt, and water for the dog. 
Nope. 
Not even a glance in our direction. 
We finished our food (which was pretty good!!) and had to wait quite a while longer before he brought the check. Hopefully Stephen's day gets better!!
The ambience was nice but the service was horrible. A group of friends and I just finished touring around and just wanted a glass of beer to relax so we found this place and decided to go in. The hostess was very friendly and greeted us. On the other hand, our waitress was very rude and condescending. She barely came by to check up on our table and was very impatient with us. There were barely any customers at that time since we arrived there as soon as they were opening for dinner service. When we finally found her walking around, we called her over and she bluntly rolled her eyes before coming to our table. No matter how much of a bad day she had, it does not give her the right to treat us this way. 

Isabelle (was the name on the receipt), word of advice: You're a part of the CUSTOMER SERVICE industry. You're going to serve all different kinds of people. Treat everyone with equal respect and if you can't, then maybe this isn't the right industry for you.
Pleasantly Surprised with the Red Owl Tavern;  I really didn't intend on eating, I had free drink coupons to blow, however as Jessie (the very sexy Aussie Chick bartender) explained the appetisers'......I then  slowly melted into ordering what ever she said. After taking a couple of drink orders, She suggested the Charcuterie Pâté cheese plate and the day sausage. Both were outstanding and pared extremely well together and with the wine she suggested. The Charcuterie was a county pâté with stone ground mustard, small tart pickles, nuts, toasted fresh raisin/nut bread with a portion of Prosciutto and smoked turkey with Bree.  This paired this with the day sausage that was house made Italian sausage with fresh arugula and spicy pickled fennel on house made bread with marmalade. 
YUM! And I'm stuffed!

I was only charged for one app as it was happy hour. Even more Yum! What a great non idea this turned into. Staying at the Monaco made this a easy low key evening.

It's really clear the Kimpton Group has put a huge priority on polite accommodating customer service and very interesting decor. The restaurant  & hotel staff ALL have been a breath of fresh air.
I absolutely loved this place! They were able to easily accommodate my gluten free and dairy free needs. The waitress was very friendly and helpful. At times it seemed service was a bit slow, but she apologized and explained that she had been handling a situation with another table. I had the huevos rancheros. I believe this was the first time I've ever had huevos rancheros and I'm afraid that I'm going to be disappointed anywhere else that I order them. I was impressed with the quality of ingredients. I wish that I lived near this restaurant!
Stopped in here yesterday morning for breakfast after having spent the weekend in the Monaco Hotel next door.  We were seated promptly and our server was very friendly but not overly friendly considering it was just around 9am.  Sometimes an overload of friendliness can go sour early in the morning, lol.  Anyway, we had a party of six and we ordered a variety of dishes ranging from just a bagel w/ cream cheese to scrambled eggs with bacon and the smoked salmon platter. 

I ordered the french toast with berries which had a nice hint of citrus in the topping.  There was a side of mascarpone cheese to add to each bite which was awesome.  I also ordered a side of bacon that was cooked so perfectly, I could have snacked on it all day long. 

Very nice establishment and if you are in the Independence Hall/Mall area and need a bite, stop on in.  The bar also looked decent and was fully stocked.  Pretty sure the bartender with the fancy mustache is a former Black Horse Tavern employee and from what I remember of him, he is a good chap.
Fiancée and I stayed at Hotel Monaco for my birthday.  Because the Red Owl Tavern is attached to the hotel, we decided to do breakfast here.

The Rise & Shine raw juice was absolutely wonderful!  It had the right amount of sweetness and a fantastic texture and thickness that made me drink it a bit slower than a juice and more like a smoothie.  Would definitely get it again!

I had the two eggs poached with chicken-apple sausage.  The sausage was such a great balance of sweet and savory that I had to eat all of it right away!  The eggs were just the right size.  The yolk was ever so slightly set on the edge - they were perfect!  The home fries were seasoned very well and had cilantro in the seasoning, which was a great surprise.  

We will definitely return when we're in the neighborhood.
Since we were staying at the Hotel Monaco and this tavern is attached making it very easy to grab a bite or a drink. We had a light lunch here Chicken wing and Mac n cheese were pretty good. I recommend checking out the night scene anytime after 11 pm on a Friday or Saturday this place is packed. Breakfast is also worth it if you are in the area. The fact the hotel is so close brings a lot of guests late at night making it a very busy but enjoyable experience.
Way overpriced for what it is. The food, which I want to like because it's a very good menu, is just not executed well. My fiancé had the tavern mussels, which had zero to no flavor and a heavy bitterness at the end. The potatoe soup was better, as was the burger, although it was slightly too charred and came with lettuce and tomato, which I didn't want, and the bacon wasn't crispy and was somewhat flimsy. The crab and corn croquettes were good.

With entrees getting up into $30+ dollar realm and an inconsistent dining experience, you just leave wishing you had spent your money elsewhere. Hope they can improve!
4 stars for food; 1.5 stars for service...
Great transformation of a bank into a restaurant. Good atmosphere. A little annoyed that my husband and I had to wait for a table for almost 25 minutes, with only 1 or 2 families in front of us, when there were many open tables in the balcony area. When we were seated, only 2 or 3 tables in the balcony were occupied out of a dozen or so tables. Good thing the food redeemed our experience. My husband had the PLBT sandwich (pancetta, lettuce, brie and tomato), and I got the grilled vegetables and goat cheese sandwich. I was offered fries or a salad with my sandwich, and then my husband was offered fries, chips, or a salad. When I asked if I could also have chips, I was told I could. --just made me wonder why I wasn't offered the same-- We both enjoyed our sandwiches, which seemed fresh and were a good size without being unwieldy. When our meal was over, and we finally got the check, we then sat waiting for our server for quite a while to come back to take the credit card. (Remember, only 3 tables were occupied in the balcony this whole time.) I could see the server in an alcove wiping silverware (?), but the server never turned around or came back to our table. We ended up leaving cash instead of paying by credit card, which we didn't want to do, but we couldn't get the server's attention to finish our transaction.
Went there recently - and again the same-food ok, wait staff nice but our order took a long time -I watched the kitchen staff and they are so slow and confused. It's a shame because it's a great space
We stopped in for breakfast before heading out for sight-seeing. The table was already set with coffee cups and the waitress came over with a coffee pitcher and poured. We assumed it was complimentary/part of the breakfast; it wasn't until we got the check that we found out it was $5.00 per cup. Pretty pricey for a cup of basic coffee. Just wish the waitress had been up front about the charge before pouring our cups, especially since we didn't order the coffee.

I had the french toast with berries and mascarpone cheese with a side of scrambled eggs. The french toast was good, lots of berries, but the eggs were just ok. My husband got eggs, bacon, toast and potatoes, which he enjoyed. 

The total came to around $50.00, which is pretty expensive for an average breakfast (remember $10.00 of that was just for coffee).

We loved the decor though: modern exposed steel beams mixed with colonial style details.
Right across from the liberty bell and independence hall this gorgeous little gem smells fantastic!! The fresh seafood smell emanating from the kitchen is absolutely delicious! I'm atmosphere alone I like the place already the servers are great and I love the hot chocolate!!! Will definitely be coming back here! The location is excellent and the place is just what it needs to be. Definitely recommend it! I would give it 5 but the prices aren't exactly perfect.
We went for an early dinner mid-week in July with our two young children ages 4 and 7. There was good food and good service. 

We were seated pretty much right away upstairs by the window and then our server arrived almost immediately to take our drink order. The kids liked the children's menu and the activities on it and we had the short ribs with polenta and the seared scallops as well as two cocktails. 

My only complaint is that the bathroom is in the adjacent hotel, past the elevators, down the stairs and halfway down the hallway. It was kind of a pain ONLY because once one kid went mid-way through dinner the other one had to go as soon as the first one got back. That's my coordination problem, not the restaurant's. But if the bathroom was inside the restaurant, it would have been slightly less inconvenient. 

It's not cheap but keeping in mind the location and quality of food and drink it's not expensive either. We hardly get to go out ourselves, so we took advantage of being on vacation to go out one night to a nice place and not have fast food. It was worth it.
Looking for Sunday lunch, a friend and I decided this looked like an inviting spot.  The atmosphere is spunky with lots of ambiance.  The food was divine - French Toast with Cherry Sauce for her, the Philly Cheesesteak and Herbed Fries for me.  We both tasted each others and loved both.  I will say, for what we got, it felt a little overpriced ($4 brewed coffee especially), hence the 4, not 5 stars.
I wouldn't normally give bad reviews for places but honestly I just needed to for this one. We were trying to have a special brunch but the place left me quite disappointed. The atmosphere is cool and we were pretty excited about it, but the ambiance was the only positive aspect to it in our experience. 

From the moment we sat down the server was pretty rude. She spilled water on the table and floor and did not even clean it up... We had to do it ourselves.  Waited for our food and the disappointment just grew from there. Our potatoes were cold... As if they'd been sitting out for half an hour before they brought it to us. On top of that, the sausages were cold as well and the eggs just looked sad.

Again, this place probably has potential but I had such a bad experience there that I would never even go there for drinks. I'm not from Philly but whenever I visit again I'm gonna have to find another spot to have brunch.
Had breakfast- egg white omelet with potatoes

Absolute crap. It felt like i was having a piece of foam. I am sure this was straight from a can and served on 'expensive' silverware.

Will not recommend. And its ridiculously overpriced- which makes it even worse.


Even Wawa egg white omelettes are better. NOT joking.
First time in Philly!!! Connected to our hotel is this little gem! Great atmosphere and unbelievable food!!! Want a great convo?! Find Hannah who is behind the bar and she'll break down the Philly's hotspots and what ya need to see! She also is a wealth of knowledge on spirits too!! Hannah and Josiah thank you guys for being amazing!!
I had a great experience at the Red Owl Tavern. After visiting the Liberty Bell, my group and I walked across the street to eat breakfast. There were no tables available, so we sat at the bar. There, we received excellent/friendly service. 

I drank coffee and orange juice. The coffee was bold and smooth. The orange juice was hand squeezed.

For food, I ordered the Crabby Arnold, which is an English muffin topped with a crab cake, poached egg, and hollandaise sauce. It was delicious.

I will definitely return.
Nice ambiance and accommodating staff but the food is extremely overpriced and mediocre :(((
- (cold) tomato bisque soup (w/ too much cheese)
- salmon ceasar salad was the best out of everything but it was served with smelly anchovies 
- $8 for cold/hard french fries?! Never again.

I'll never eat the food again but I'll definitely return for the drinks, atmosphere and friendly staff.
I can safely say that Red Owl Tavern is one of my favorite bars in the city. My parents stay at Hotel Monaco whenever they come to Philly and luckily for them, Red Owl is a five second walk from the lobby. They became huge fans of the bar and I decided to stop in with them one night during their stay. The food, beer and cocktails are all fantastic. Dan, Kyle and John are some of the friendliest bartenders that you'll meet in city. They also happen to be wizards behind the bar and will serve you a delicious cocktail.

If you find yourself at Hotel Monaco, Old City or in Philadelphia in general, I recommend that you stop by Red Owl Tavern.
I was supposed to meet a girlfriend up for lunch somewhere else, but came across Red Owl and couldn't resist changing plans to check it out.  We chose outdoor seating, which was great since it's a prime location with beautiful weather out.  

In terms of food, lunch selections seemed to average between $13-$30.  We both decided on the salmon salad (forget the exact name) which was about $15.  Although at first it looked potentially dry, it was surprisingly very flavorful thanks to the mango and salmon juices.  Solid service, good experience.  I'd come back to check out the indoor scene!
Price keeps this from getting my 5th star, they are a wee bit high. Best burger I have had in a very long time, made with love to be sure! We enjoyed some wonderful Martinis and apps as well. The bartenders were great to interact with, very knowledgeable staff. Very clean, and the place smelled great.
Last night was my first time at this restaurant, and it was a great experience.  All of the food was wonderful!  Based on our server's recommendation, we had the mussels with garlic sauce as an appetizer as well as the pear and arugula salad.  While the mussels were pricey at $18, they were excellent...very fresh and with a delicious sauce!  For our entrees we had the beet pasta and the short rib, also based on our server's recommendation, and both were delicious.  The drink menu also had a lot to offer.  The service and ambiance of the restaurant added to our experience, and we will definitely be back!
probably one of the best restaurants in olde city the new  ecletic menu items offer a variety of dishes to satisfy any palette , snapper and cockles with polenta and broiled leeks was one of the best dishes i have ever have. i cant wait to go back and try another special from the chefs.
We were out touring sites in Philly and looked on Yelp for something decent nearby. We called this place and they were great about getting us right in. The tavern is nicely designed with seating both upstairs on a balcony and on the main floor. We had a great server and all of us enjoyed the food. I had the Black Bean Cakes (the best I ever had, highly recommend), the Salmon and a burger with the seasoned fires. 

The restaurant is one of those newer type places where the acoustics aren't super and it can be very hard to hear. I wouldn't recommend this place for a quiet, romantic dinner. Otherwise, I'm looking forward to going back when in the Philly area.
