Yum! Been dying to try a poke' bowl and the taste did not disappoint! There's over a dozen pre designed bowls (including veggie) to choose from here, some with clever names of local neighborhoods. You can also grab a sheet at the front and completely create your own which is what I chose to do to keep it as healthy as possible. 

Since I'm vegan I decided to chose the organic tofu as my protein. It's served plain, not fried with no seasoning or breading in other words, perfect for those watching caloric intake. I must say I really appreciate tofu being offered as most poke' spots I've come across don't have a plan based protein. Other protein options include yellowtail, crabmeat (+$1), big eyed tuna, Scottish salmon, eel, shrimp and chicken, so definitely something for everyone. 

I went with seasonal mixed greens and nixed the rice in order to keep it light. On this initial visit I added cucumbers, red onion, edamame, carrot and pineapple from their list of over a dozen mix ins. 

I chose the spicy sesame shoyu which was the sauce option with the least amount of calories. After I asked the lovely girl behind the counter, she informed me it's mostly soy sauce based with a hint of sesame oil and a bit of Sriracha so no need to really worry about the oil too much. It was tasty and on the light side but still had nice flavor with just a hint of heat. 

I opted for the avocado which is $1 up-charge as a topping because well, avocado. Duh. The seaweed salad as a topping I felt was also a good choice to add some texture, wetness and flavor. 

For flare I chose the fried garlic bits. Holy yum! I highly recommend these! It added such a punch and crunch. Hey, I rhyme! 

The bowl I created was over $11, but I was just happy to keep it mostly healthful and fresh...and fast, which isn't always so simple to do. 

The only minor complaint I have would be my bowl wasn't as pretty as I would've liked. I say this not only because it wasn't as "Insta worthy" as I was anticipating, and how others seemed to be, but because a lot of the mix ins were at the bottom of the the bowl and the bowl was filled so much I couldn't properly blend. Not a huge deal. Next time I'll just ask for them to be placed side by side instead. 

This area definitely needed a "fast food" option beside Lorenzo's and Wawa and I'm happy it's a healthy one for a change!! Can't wait to return and keep creating my own unique combinations! I think the kiddos will enjoy it also because kids love anything 'make your own'. 

Kiosk meter parking. Lots of spots. There's also a lot under Abbots Square. (Entrance east of TD Bank).
Missing Hawaii and was craving poke, so we decided to get some from Red Poke Express, since the reviews look promising.

This was our first time ordering from Red Poke Express, and our expectations were adjusted, because mainland poke just isn't going to be as good.

When we first saw the takeout container it looked small, but once we started digging in, we realized how big the portions actually were.

Overall, Red Poke Express exceeded expectations. The raw fish was fresh and cut up in nice medium chunks. For the price, quality and portions, this was pretty great. This will be our choice spot for poke for now. The sauces were okay, but so is the sauce everywhere else.
We ordered poke bowls for delivery from Red Poke last night for the first time. The ordering platform we used (Uber Eats) required a selection of two proteins. I would have preferred to stick with just one but went with the big eye tuna and yellowtail. 

The bowl was large and the ingredients were fresh, but every so often something in the bowl had a mild chemically taste. I couldn't tell if it was the cucumbers or the onion crisps but I narrowed it down to those two things, which I'd probably avoid in the future. The cucumbers were sliced a little too thick for my liking, anyway. I'd just try other toppings next time. 

This wasn't my favorite poke spot but I'd be open to trying again in the future.
We managed to check out Red Poke on its opening day.  Spoiler: the food was great and the service friendly.  Obviously, my expectations weren't at max given the short runway they faced, so I'll point out some gaps but believe they are all just a matter of time.

We built our own bowl with 2 proteins.  We also ordered a miso soup.  First, it was pleasant to see yellow tail as an option for one of the proteins, as it is usually just standard tuna (which I like and ordered as well).  We pilled on the extras like mix-ins, toppings, and crunch.  Again, it was great to see some non-standard toppings (at least for the poke places I've explored).  The bowl came filled to the top but was lightly on the sauce (which was immediately corrected with a small side provided by the staff).  

Billed at $9.75 the price was more than fair for the portion.  The miso soup was good as well.  However, the bowl was kind of small for $2.50. The Ginger Wasabi Shoyu sauce really took the bowl from good to great.  Therefore, I clearly recommend you go with it!

Service was on point in greeting us, explaining the menu, and making sure we had a seat.  Making the bowl was a bit slow, especially considering the limited number of folks waiting at the time,however, I blame that on being new / opening day jiggers.

Overall, I'm a fan.  I should be back (when I make it to that part of town).  I'll also encourage others to give them a taste!
Very fresh poke. I had build my own bowl with greens but don't expect much of it. I asked my miso dressing to be put on the side for my to go. I couldn't find it after I left  the store. Either they forgot or it's mixed in. 

When you build your own, you check mark the ingredients that you want. You can double or triple it to meet your limits. The staff is really helpful in explaining the ingredient that you aren't familiar.

Don't skip the seaweed. It's fresh and really good. Perfect complement to my poke.
There are some seats available for dine in
First poke bowl experience!!!! And it was AMAZING!!! Make sure you go hungry because I couldn't even finish a build your own bowl let alone the miso soup.

When I stopped in I was the only person in there so I got to make small talk...ask how you actually say poke it's "pohkay"..asked about some of the sauces etc. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful with all of my first timer questions. The restaurant was noticeably clean and glancing at all the ingredients you could tell they were all incredibly fresh.

They suggest some styles of pre-made bowls and burritos then they give you the option of building your own with an awesome check off sheet.

I created my own bowl:
White rice
Tuna and salmon
Cucumber, mango, masago
Spicy mayo and miso glaze 
Avocado, green onion, Kani salad and seaweed salad, sesame seeds and tempura crunchies

They give you a gigantic portion of everything you pick out and don't skimp on anything. I love that they make it right in front of you.

They seriously went beyond my expectations in every aspect..so glad I live so close because I seriously might be here once a week! 

My total for a two protein bowl and a miso soup was almost $13....seriously? Where do you come up with that pricing? I couldn't even finish it and you pay $13 for only one fancy sushi roll anywhere else...

INSANE! 

Pro tip they're offering 10% off until June 30th.
So happy to find a great poke place within walking distance! 

This is one of the better poke I've had. We built our own bowl with Scottish Salmon, white rice, edamame, seaweed salad, masago, mangoes (amazingly sweet), pickled ginger, radish, cucumber, red onions, and spicy mayo. Delicious, fresh and really filling. Also, the owner and her 10 year old daughter were super sweet. 

I'm going to be getting a lot of poke delivered home:)
My wife dragged me into this poke place and told me that I "must try it". I'm a smart man to listen to my wife! I ordered a crazy mixture of all sorts of poke, stuff, toppings and sauces. On top there were three different kinds of sushi chunks.  All of it was on a bed of brown rice. I wolfed the whole thing down in three minutes it was so tasty. Do not hesitate to try this place - it was absolutely fabulous.
Convenient, delicious. Been here many times to eat in or take out. The salmon burrito type item is so delicious. Lately, I've been restricting myself to the vegetarian bowl.
Awesome place for Poke. I'll grab a bowl and take it to a park nearby. "It's like sushi deconstructed" - Jared
Best Poke I've had,  and I've had 'authentic' bowls on the west coast. You can make your own bowls and the fish is super fresh and nice. It took a little while for the food to come out but it was well worth it.
Absolutely delicious. Fresh healthy ingredients,, healthy, zesty flavors, prices reasonable, super fast,....so good. I had a bowl with salmon, mango, cucumber, cilantro, avocado, with a sweet and sour sauce, topped with tempura crunch and sesame seeds. So good. It's like a combinations of sushi and salad--but because it's a bowl, you can mix a lot more ingredients and textures than you can with sushi, so there is a lot more variety.

Quality of sushi-grade salmon was fantastic. Love everything about this place.
So glad to have this newcomer to Head House Square!  One of the best, fresh, tasty, satisfying, good-for-you lunches I've had in a very long time.  
The price was right -- built my own bowl with salmon, tuna, ponzu and lots of goodies for under $10 -- and they were super nice:  they were quick to put a table and chairs outside for me and my friend because I had my dog along.  And, when I discovered that something on my list was left off, they added it fast and without fuss.
I'm not usually sucked in by food trends (rolled ice cream, anyone?).  But, I think poke is my new obsession.
Hungry writing about it.  Must. Go. Back.
Pro:  Great food in a great neighborhood! I stumbled on this restaurant after a visit to the Farmers Market. Having visited Hawaii before, I was curious to see if this Society Hill establishment could capture some "Aloha spirit" in their creations... News Flash: They did! The Volcano Bowl is my favorite menu item thus far. As the jalapenos stood poised to kick-start your taste buds, the cucumber balanced out the spice in cool and refreshing fashion. Meanwhile, the Rainbow Bowl's use of pineapple the contrast the fish and ginger made the bowl light and fulfilling. 

Con:  It's a slightly small dining area, not the best for big groups.

Bottom Line: My new favorite for raw fish in Philly! I want more!
Great quick lunch spot for poke bowls and burritos. The build your own is a great deal and was HUGE. I chose three proteins for $13 and the toppings were very generous. Loved this spot!
We chose the build your own bowl option.  Big eye tune and tofu for proteins.  Mango, seaweed, edamame, red onion, cucumber in their classic sauce.  Flavors of ginger, garlic and cilantro made the ingredients sing.
What a great find.  And all for the price of a Hamilton.
I have a new favorite poke spot! I was mourning the loss of my local poke spot due to Covid when UberEATS ran a $0 delivery special for Red Poke. I gave it a shot and I am so glad I did! This easily beats out both of the other places I've gotten poke in Philly. Portions are huge and generous. I ate two thirds of mine for dinner and was stuffed, and just returned to finish it off as a late night snack. Ingredients are fresh and tasty! No brownish avocado here, nor did they skimp on it... well worth the extra $1. The fish was diced into perfect cubes and couldn't have been fresher. Options to customize were limitless. I made my own bowl because I like a combo of salmon and tuna and specific toppings. I'm sure the house bowls are tasty too if you're less picky. Price was extremely reasonable. Delivery through UberEATS was seamless and right on time. I'll definitely order again and try it out in person when that's an option.
Great quick lunch spot for poke bowls and burritos. The build your own is a great deal and was HUGE. I chose three proteins for $13 and the toppings were very generous. I thought the rice was a bit over seasoned/salty. Depending on the toppings I felt the salt in the rice was a little much. But overall, I loved this spot! 

PS it's a beautiful walk around this area. If you are staying at a hotel nearby this was such a nice area to take a lunch time stroll.
WOW! I popped into Red Poke Express for a quick protein-heavy pre-concert dinner and could not have been more impressed!

I did a Build Your Bowl with a mix 2 and decided on white rice, yellowtail, shrimp, mango, pineapple, cucumber, edamame, tomatoes, avocado, pickled ginger, seaweed salad, lemon, and tempura crisps topped with ponzu shoyu sauce. 
I clearly should be designing these bowls behind the scenes - because it was absolutely incredible. 
Everything was very fresh, the portion size was huge, and the price could not be beat for $9.75 ($1 extra for the avocado, because I'm worth it.)
I was absolutely ravenous and I didn't even finish the thing. 

For a quick in and out place to have a decent amount of seating, and a customers-only bathroom available, I can't recommend it enough. I don't get into that corner of town so frequently these days, but look forward to going back again!
This is the first and only poke place I've tried so far but I have become a regular! I get really bad stomachache  eating bad raw fish or sushi so I can tell from the lack of negative response that this place serves up fresh ingredients. I always go for the make-your-own poke bowl option and switch it every time I go here and it comes out delicious every time. Also, the staff are really friendly so it's not even awkward if you dine there alone. At less than $15 for a bowl, you get more full then eating sushi at that price. Definitely recommend!
I'm from the west coast so usually disappointed by philly sushi.   But this place is pretty darn good.  Maybe too.much rice in the bowl but the fish is cold and the flavors really stand out.  I got volcano bowl.  I will come back.
My first Poke experience.  As I am accustomed to eating raw fish from both Korean and Japanese cuisine, I had no trouble with Poke.  Various choice of sauce was interesting, although I would have enjoyed it more if the sauce was less powerful.  To me it was a little bit overpowering fish. 

I will come back this place as I am on a never ending diet.
This has been my go-to poke place for the past few months. Online orders have been quick and easy, which is a big help during COVID. Their portions have always been generous and ingredients have tasted consistently fresh and delicious. Definitely check this place out for poke in the Queen Village area!
Dis be da great poke spot. True HAWAII flava! Finally, hawaii in Philly. We tryin all the "poke" stops in philly. All the rest basically makin sushi salad, which isn't the same at thing. One bite tonite, and I was right back on North Shore! Make your own, or get one of their specials. All great!
I have been trying a lot of poke places around Philly and Red Poke Express is one I would recommend to others. I came here and got two poke bowls to go, one was the South Street bowl and the other was create my own. I felt that they gave me a good amount of rice and toppings. Everything tasted good in our bowls; no complaints. You can ask for extra sauces on the side. 
The boss lady was very nice.
Walking in the restaurant is SUPER clean. The server was very patient (thank you so much ) but there's so many options, I couldn't make up my mind. After much deliberation I finally decided I would get the ST Burrito (with no masago) I honestly was not expecting the burrito to be gigantic, i could barely eat half. The burrito was tasty (super messy to eat, but that could totally be my fault) I will visit again , I look forward to trying a poke bowl.
Good and fresh poke bowls! I made my own bowl with 3 scoops of protein. The fish was fresh and all ingredients had a great taste! I could only wish more toppings and maybe a bit larger bowls with bigger scoops or more rice. Overall this was a good experience but not significantly better than other poke bowl places in Chinatown!
Love this place!  The fish is fresh, tasty, and you get a TON of food for the money.  I have to be especially hungry in order to finish my bowl.  My favorite is a custom order consisting of 2x salmon, 1x eel, mango, brown rice, and some other stuff that I can't quite remember off the top of my head.  Something they do here that's great is that if you have a particular customization that you love and can never seem to remember it all (like me), they'll store your order for you (the old fashioned way - using a filled out order slip) and you can get exactly what you love each time!

Highly recommend checking this place out.
Been here multiple times and it does not disappoint. Very generous with all the toppings you choose. I always get a create you own poke bowl. Quick and filling meal.
I had a volcano bowl with yellow tail and tuna. It was pretty good and they were so nice to put a chair outside for me as I was with my puppy.
Great food, fast delivery. The wraps and salads are both delicious and the fish is fresh.
Yum! Ordered from Red Poke for the first time using Uber Eats. I'm a believer that food delivered never tastes as good as in-store, but sometimes you gotta bite the bullet. I ordered the miso soup and a build-your-own bowl for delivery. The miso soup was ok - sort of bland, but I guess that is miso soup for you. However, the bowl was DELICIOUS! Great portion size, lots of customization options, fresh ingredients, and nice presentation. I really enjoyed Red Poke a lot!
Delicious poke bowls with all the toppings!! Friendly and fast service too! Definitely better to go with a bowl as the burritos are on the smaller side.
I'm no Poke expert but this place is great! To me this is a no frills poke bowl that's filling and inexpensive. They serve bowls and sushi burritos. They have many bowls to choose from or you can build your own. I opted to build my own with two meets. The tuna and salmon were fresh and tasty. It's not the most delicious cut of tuna or salmon but it gets the job done! You then can choose from a vast assortment of toppings. Some are crunchy, saucy, etc. Each adding another layer or flavor, texture and balance to the bowl. I did the classic shoyu sauce. It was super good and basically a soy sauce based sauce. They are more than happy to describe any items to you and to let you try a sauce before you commit. The place itself is cozy but super comfortable. Give it a try!
Popped in here for a quick takeaway bite the other weekend and was happy with how quick the order came out.  I'm not very familiar with poke bowls but love sushi, so figured a deconstructed one could be tasty.  And it definitely was!

I opted for the one with shrimp, tuna, crab, mango, crunchies and spicy mayo and was pleasantly surprised at how large the portion was....a HEAPING pile of deliciously sticky white rice, topped with the fresh seafood, tons of "crunchy" bits and cucumber.  The only thing I didn't like was the random addition of whole grape tomatoes - they just didn't fit at all with the dish so I ate around them.  Since I got it to go, they put the spicy mayo on the side for me which was a nice touch, but it's highly recommended you really mix the whole thing up together for the full effect.

Everything tasted great and I felt full, so I'd say it's worth the price,  but at the end of the day I think I'd still much prefer actual sushi to a bowl.
I have tried this place about 4 times since it's been open (don't judge me ;) )and haven't had anything I didn't thoroughly enjoy.  They are quick and friendly at the counter and the ingredients are fresh! Extra kudos for labeling the gluten free sauces.  I'm really glad this place is here.
This place is great! Fresh fish and fast service! Had the Red Poke Bowl and the Rainbow Burrito. Highly recommended!
So happy this is in the neighborhood. Fresh fish, good portions! Been needing this here. So far had the Rainbow Bowl and all the different types of fish were delicious. Lots of side ingredients too including the avocado and pineapple. All good quality.
I came to Philly for a conference in pre-COVID times and was really craving poke. All the reviews led me to this place, and all the reviews did not disappoint. 

I asked the staff what the most popular bowl was, and they made it for me super quickly. I got back to my hotel room, and was so happy that I had decided on poke - and poke from Red Poke! It was fresh, flavorful, and filling. 

I had enough to last me for dinner the next night too!
The poke bowls here are a pretty good value, you can split one bowl between two people. My biggest criticism is that the two bowls that I tried were verging very heavy on the sweet side rather than savory. I appreciated all the different ingredients in the bowl, but I think the proportion of ingredients was a bit off. For example, my bowl had a TON of pineapple and cucumber in it and way too much sauce. I think if I were to come back, I would modify my bowl and cater it to my preferences. Other than that, the service was very friendly and there was plenty of seating.
So yummy!  Fresh food with a great selection at a reasonable price.  We built our own bowls and the staff was very helpful with suggestions based on our tastes.
Wow!!! Amazing and a true bang for your buck! GREAT addition to the neighborhood. These guys are crushing the flavor train!  Got the salmon, mango, eel, avocado bowl. Totally worth checking out. The vibe is def more take-out.
Wishing these guys well.
Well it's a nice place but of course it had to be something "south street" about it. Of all the Poke places I've been to this past year (we are on a Poke kick) they have a system where you can write the order down. Rather than take the order as you tell them. I'm just guessing but it's probably for accuracy, but here is the kicker...
They can charge for whatever they want! Especially when you have to "modify" the meal to your liking. The more boxes you check the higher the price. Most places aren't like that but hey the food was really good. 
I'm giving them 3 stars for a few reasons:
1.the portion size was tiny in comparison to say Pokeono in Ardmore
2. The staff has no idea what is going on if that lady at the courter doesn't tell them, and it holds up the line
3. They charge for everything and that 10% discount was bunk! 

I'll go back but I will surely be in that area instead of going out of my way for such a bizarre dining experience. Better luck next time guys!
The bowls are very good and the service is really friendly. Definitely try it !
An absolute favorite in the neighborhood. The food is always fresh and the price is a great value. I always build my own to try the different sauces and toppings to go with the fish. The staff is incredibly kind and welcoming. I will continue coming here forever and I suggest you do the same.
Tried Red Poke Express for the first time for lunch delivery for a work team meeting today - what a wonderful accidental find!!  I had the rainbow bowl - so flavorful, fresh and quality.  The delivery was also very prompt and courteous.  My whole team and I will definitely be coming back very soon.  I would add a picture of my bowl but it was so yummy I inhaled it to fast for a picture!
The ingredients are so fresh! The staff is very nice and the flavors are just great. Highly recommend this place!
Very clean location and one of the best Poke bowls I've had. The ingredients seemed fresh and the spicy mayo sauce was delicious!
One of best poke places I've tried. Food is very fresh and service is great. They give you a decent amount of seafood or chicken with you food.
I'd never had Poke before, didnt even know what it was, but it was GREAT here and we definitely will go again. The quality of the fish and everything else was very high, and the service was fast and friendly. Good view of Headhouse Sq. too.
Have been on a poke kick over the last six months and tried the 5-6 spots in the area. Would have to say this is the best of them all. First and foremost, the ingredients are extremely fresh and the place is immaculate. The Salmon and Yellowtail is as good as any expensive sushi restaurant. The Eel is awesome. Ten sauce selections. All ingredients are light and not at all greasy. The staff is very friendly and helpful.  This is the best combination of healthy, delicious and affordable I can think of in the entire city!!
I am a huge fan of sushi so decided to give a try to a poke bowl and wow!!

I picked the rainbow bowl and everything was fresh from the avocado, rice and meats ! I did ask for extra tuna cuz raw fish is life. I have difficult finding fresh tuna and this place nailed it!

You can also build your own show in the picture below...

As someone famous once said "I WILL BE BACK"
Just tried this new place tonight and I have to say I think I may be hooked.  I did the create your own bowl and everything was perfect. I got to choose my own base, my own protein, my own toppings and my own sauces. I'll be back, probably sooner than later.
I ordered the Fire Bowl, easy on the Fire, and let me tell you it was delicious! The fresh salmon. The shrimp. A touch of spicy mayo. All over white rice. You can't beat a light healthy lunch like the ones at Red Poke Express.

I ordered thru Yelp and it was ready in a jiffy!

Not my first time there and it won't be my last.
We poke everywhere and this is quite possibly the best Poké I have had in Philly.  And second only to Poké in Toronto.  The price and quality beat any place I've ever been to and the service is fantastic here. Don't be daunted by parking in the city! There is plenty here.  Love this place!
Stopped here for lunch when I was in Philly last. They let you make your own poke bowl or pick one of the standard ones. If you build your own, they're pretty generous with letting you pick toppings.

I had a bowl with yellowtail and tuna and variety of toppings. It was pretty tasty, but wish the fish wasn't cut up so small and there was a bit more fish relative to other toppings. That said the fish was fresh, the spicy sesame oil and shoyu sauce was tasty, as was seaweed salad and mushrooms. I would go back.
Fast, fresh, and delicious!  I've eaten here twice, and I love it.  Both times I've chosen to make my own and been pleased with the quality of the ingredients.  A paper order sheet and red pens are near the door and counter for you to make your selections if you want to create your own.  You choose your base of white or brown rice or mixed greens.  Afterwards, you can select various proteins, veggies, fruits, sauces, and crunchy toppings.  You end up with a nice pan Asian flavored salad/rice bowl that's perfect for summer and completely filling.  The people who work there are polite and diligent in making your bowl--they don't just plop a mess down.  If you're nervous about raw fish, there are cooked proteins (shrimp, chicken, eel, and tofu), too.
First time here but I've had poke before. The only thing holding this place back from being 5 stars is that I wish i could have added more than one sauce to my bowl. However, all the ingredients tasted really fresh and my order was made quickly with no mistakes!
Awesome find in headhouse square! It's like chipotle except with poke so what could be better? Plenty of popular bowls to choose from like the rainbow bowl, or you can build your own and have a generous amount of toppings as well. Not the fastest jawn to make, but it's worth the wait. We will make the trip from center city again!
Red Poke Express is an incredible experience! Their seafood is high quality and the flavors are incredible. I made my own bowl with yellowtail, tuna, brown rice, seaweed salad, kani salad, mango, ginger wasabi shoyu sauce and lots of other fun add-ins.

I strongly recommend trying this place out if you're looking for a healthy bite of fresh seafood at am affordable cost!

My only suggestion would be to provide reusable dishes while you dine-in and plastic ware only to-go. We did not see recycling options anywhere for all that plastic, which was sad.
I live just a few blocks from this place and I am so happy to have this as an easy option for food. The ingredients are fresh and I just can't get enough of it. The staff is very friendly and knowledgeable about the ingredients. The soy sauce they use is gluten free and they label which sauces are GF and the sweeteners they use in certain sauces are honey. You can get salad greens as the base and I tried that at my most recent trip and I will definitely do it again. For some reason it seemed like a small bowl to me when I first got one but once I was done I realized it was plenty. I think the prices are reasonable when you take into account how much you would be spending on a similar roll of sushi that had similar ingredients and would be a lot less food in volume. Anyway, I highly recommend this place. It's a fabulous, quick, healthy food option for the area and I'm sooo happy it's here!
I'm so happy this place is open near me, welcome to the neighborhood!!!! Everything is so fresh n absolutely delicious, can't wait to come back again.
This is quality poke. As good as the ones in la.
I hope they stay open for a long time.
This review is for corporate catering. I ordered a lunch for 35 people from Red Poke including poke bowls and sushi burritos. Due to a mixup with the online platform I ordered through, the order we received was incorrect. Although this was not the restaurant's fault, the delivery driver quickly called the restaurant, asked them to make more poke bowls, and rushed back to pick it up. She returned and dropped it off free of charge. I appreciate the fact that they went above and beyond to make the order right!

Now moving on to the actual food, it was delicious! The fish tasted fresh and the bowls and burritos had interesting toppings. My personal favorite was the salmon burrito. I'd definitely suggest working with Red Poke for an office lunch!
This place is amazing! Exactly what we needed in this area. Fresh raw fish to make sushi bowls or sushi burritos that are absolutely delicious! Quick and fast service. The place is owned and run by Eddy and Amanda who are so friendly and accommodating. You can even bring a bottle of wine to this BYOB place for a casual night out. This has become my new favorite place. Highly recommend!!!
Perfect spot to get a great, quick meal. We had a busy couple days in Philly and I can't believe I actually ate here 3 times. The people who run this business are the nicest, and the ingredients are incredibly fresh and delicious. Can't say enough good things. There is also something for everyone here. Vegan, vegetarian, etc. So good.
Had the Rainbow Bowl and I was pleasantly surprised by how fresh the fish tasted. At first, I underestimated the size of the bowl, but I was full afterwards.

The pineapple though, gave it an interesting taste. Seemed out of place so next time, would order that on the side, if possible.

Used Doordash as the delivery method, and it was an disorganized experience that caused an hour and a half of a delay.
Ingredients are always fresh. I drive past like 3 different poke places to come to this one because it's so good!
Everything about Red Poke Express is excellent. The service is friendly and fast and the food tastes SO fresh and flavorful! Though it's just a takeout place and people don't necessarily pay as much attention to the inside, it's sparkling clean. If you aren't getting takeout, there is still a cute area to sit. There is absolutely nothing bad to say about this place. I'd recommend to anyone and everyone. You are missing out if you don't get poke here!!
I wanted something different than our usual (Indian or Mexican) and this place is pretty close to us. My husband is all about volume of food, and on first glance he thought that this wasn't going to be enough food. He was surprised to find how full he got. We've ordered several times since. We often get the fire bowl - love the salmon, little bit of heat, sweet of the fruit and the crunch bits. It's such a satisfying meal!
I've been going here since it opened and the food has been consistently fresh and tasty. I recommend the Crazy Burrito.
My husband and I have tried so many poke places in Philly and this is hands down our favorite. The freshness of ingredients and generous portions are standouts--I especially love the edamame and pickled ginger. The sauces are all fantastic as well; I have a hard time picking just one! And the Crazy Burrito is consistently "wow" good. We'll never go to another poke place again!
Great spot to grab a quick bite for lunch.
I love the customizable menu. The options are ample but not overwhelming.
Fish is fresh and very tasty!
Portions are generous and they'll keep you happy for the entire day!
You could call this a deconstructed sushi roll. Delicious raw fish, fresh vegetables, and delicious sauce resting on a bed of rice.  The bowl as a whole is very light but very filling! The staff was extremely nice, allowing me to taste the sauce and being considers of food allergies. I will be back!
Fresh ingredients and friendly service! I would have liked a little less rice and a little more ingredients for the price but overall it was delicious and a tummyful The rainbow burrito was off the hook. See what I did there? :)
Best Poke in Philly. Fast, fresh, tasty, and well portioned. Miso soup and Seaweed Salad were yummy. I usually order from Uber EATs but recently picked up in person when no couriers were nearby. 

#Support local businesses 
#Black Lives Matter
I'm not a *huge* raw fish / seafood person but my fiance is so I agreed to try their Phoenix 
( chicken) poke bowl, and am so glad I did! It tasted SO fresh. All of the ingredients complimented one another so well - (chicken,Cucumber,Red Onion,Edamame, mushroom,cilantro, classic shoyu sauce, green onion,sesame seeds on top of rice) Plus it was less than $10 and enough for 2 meals! I did ask for the spicy sauce and think I received the regular sauce, but am not positive on that since this was my first poke experience. My fiance built his own bowl with salmon, tuna, and various veggies and was equally impressed with his meal.
We ordered delivery and it came on time with no issues! Can't wait to try more bowls from here!
