Ordered some delivery when I was with my boyfriend during this quarantine craziness since we had a taste for fried chicken. First time having this restaurant, but I am very pleased! 

We ended up ordering a 3 piece fried chicken, with cole slaw, mash potatoes and some biscuits. The fried chicken was very flavorful and juicy, just wish they were extra crispy and had more crust to tear up. The mash potatoes was tasty, cole slaw could've been better though-tasted too much like vinegar. 

The biscuits were more like thick dinner rolls, but were really yummy. After I finished eating, I wished I ordered more food cause everything tasted pretty good, I wanted more. 

I would order from here again and try the other sides and add more chicken to our order.
While in the mood for great fried chicken and seeing that this place is hot and new we decided to pop in and try it out. Great little place serving up good old fashioned fried chicken and sides. You can get their chicken regular or spicy, from quarter serving to a whole bird. Also they have wonderful sides from mashed potatoes to corn pudding. They also have regular fried chicken sandwiches and a veggie option as well. 

We ordered a two piece of regular and a two piece of spicy. Along with a order of jumbo wings (naked) and a side of their seasonal roasted acorn squash. The chicken was super crispy and juicy. We couldn't get enough. Great seasoning and not overly spicy. They are definitely on my list of top five fried chicken places. The staff was very friendly and it was nice to talk to the owner for a while and hear his back story and how he came to open this place. He really hit it out of the park with this concept.
Fried Chicken is one of those serious vices for me. So when I first heard on Foobooz that East Passyunk Ave was getting a spot that served it in both buttermilk and spicy curry style (https://www.phillymag.com/foobooz/2018/01/30/redcrest-fried-chicken-opens-menu/), I was absolutely salivating! And after a few visits I've found it to be the perfect spot to order it in meal, wing, popcorn, or sandwich form (which even has a vegan option!).

Redcrest has proven to be one of those hard to avoid vices since its 4 blocks away and within close proximity to my gym, coffeehouse, and too many of my favorite bars. But even if it wasn't so close, I'd be tempted to go for the half meal deal; which features 4 mixed dark & white pieces, a side, and one of their incredible biscuits. and since those sides include options like mashed potatoes, corn pudding, mac & cheese, or a seasonal veggie (collard greens right now!); its one damn fine deal!

If fried chicken isn't your thing than the huge wings are also a tasy option, especially if you go with buffalo or spicy honey sauce. And if you have a sweet tooth to satisfy you can also enjoy delectables like biscuit bread pudding, spiced apple cider soft serve ice cream, root beer floats, and warm apple pie!
Really really good fried chicken. 2 people went with the whole meal- pieces with 2 sides and 2 biscuits. Options were spicy or plain so had half and half which was the perfect choice. The salad was super fresh but really just lettuce with a tasty dressing. The biscuit was awesome. Sides also chosen- mashed potato, greens, cole slaw. I'm not even a fan of cole slaw but the spicy pepper and whole grain mustard were a great tasty combo. 

Took about 15 minutes- ran over to Stateside for an old fashion cocktail for HH while we waited.
Um, I've been trying to get here since opening day and I FINALLY made it. Let me start out by saying you absolutely must come here if you enjoy fried chicken (there's a no meat option but I haven't tried it yet). 

I got the buttermilk sandwich, and they use thighs so it's super juicy. The garlic mayo is well made, there's adequate pickle and lettuce, and the bun holds everything well. The fries are obviously cut fresh and have a nice crisp to them. If you're in a rush, I'd suggest you order ahead since this is run by a small team, but it's completely worth it.
Definitely get the chicken sandwich. They make it per order. Cole slaw was not my favorite. It was more sour than I like. The cornbread thing was very good. I didn't like how they had the chicken under the heat lamp. Not the best fried chicken I've ever had. Limited seating. If you go on a hot day... good luck not sweating while you eat.
Juicy with a crunch good quality Fried chicken and what a great location friendly staff too. Thanks for opening here.
Ordered on caviar, super excited to see another veg friendly option in philly. Placing my order I was searching online trying to see if their collard greens were vegetarian, not being able to find anything I ordered them anyways figuring I'd be able to tell by looking at them. When my food came there was a note attached to the bag saying that they included a corn pudding because the collard greens contained bacon! They must have noticed my all vegetarian order and figured I didn't know the collards weren't. Not only was all of the food AMAZING but that's probably one of the best customer service experiences I've ever had!
Let me preface by saying that I am not a huge fried chicken person. Weird, I know. I never crave it and when I do; my version of fried chicken = chicken tenders. 

My fiance and I have been to Redcrest a handful of times since they opened and we love it. He on the other hand is a HUGE fried chicken person and usually consumes his meal in less than 10 minutes every time we go. I have yet to order the actual fried chicken, but judging from the batter on the chicken fingers and fried chicken sandwich, I can only imagine how amazing it is for all you fried chicken lovers. I have loved everything we've ordered, including the sides and dipping sauces! 

Call ahead if you are in a rush, but we love eating there or outside!
i ordered a quarter size of the white meat chicken (spicy) meal. it came with a biscuit and a side (cole slaw) - no drink - for $8. not bad price for a small business. i also had the mashed potatoes. 
everything was made to order - fresh & hot. got my meal pretty fast too! biscuit was yummmyyy - wish it was bigger though.

i would improve on flavor. mashed potatoes didn't have enough gravy for its size. the spicy chicken seasoning could have more zest. cole slaw was alright. i tried their ranch sauce and it tasted like mayo with cayenne. 

overall - not bad, i just would like more punch to the flavor !
4/5/18 

Walked here cos it's close and maybe better option than Burger King which was same timed walk. But I come in and am told they only have chicken sandwiches and only one light white regular quarter and one spicy light quarter chicken which kind of doesn't make sense initially if they are open til 11pm. 

I went with the spicy light quarter with side of mashed and xtra side of the corn pudding along with the buffalo ckn sandwich.  Unsure if the biscuit is corn pudding flavor or if they misheard me and gave me the hard dry biscuit by mistake?  I'd stay away from ordering the biscuit altogether.  

Guess the sandwich I'll eat on the walk home as I wonder how the Burger King spicy chicken sandwich would of tasted combined with the whopper lol

I can appreciate the guy giving me the additional extra regular light meat chicken with was one breast and one drumstick was disappointed wasn't crunchy.  the white meat was a little try and the same for the spicy light meat that wasn't spicy at all and same soggy non crispy skin, but maybe I had the wrong expectation in thinking the skin was supposed to crispy to start.   

The biscuits are dry as shit and the mashed potatoes taste like instant mashed but not as good as kfc.

The Buffalo chicken sandwich was good but I would still say federal donuts has the better fried chicken sandwich overall but this one is decent and they have 4 sauce choices of the redcrest, buttermilk, bbq and buffalo. 

I do think maybe it might be a better experience had I come a little earlier as I'm unsure how quickly they run out of the good fresh crunchy chicken or if the chicken here isn't meant to be crunchy to start lol
The fried chicken comeback continues!

I rarely if ever turn down some good fried chicken no matter how much my brain/belly says I don't need it.  Philly's one place that has some really great fried chicken.

Walking past Redcrest on a weeknight, I'm immediately drawn to the super bright white lights and the clean setup.  While there weren't any customers inside, there was someone waiting to take my order right away and as soon as I ordered I was able to see my chicken drop into the fryer.  A few minutes later I was packed and ready to go.

I took my two piece and where I ended up, the chicken was really crunchy and tasty.  I got the regular chicken but next time I'll definitely go for the spicy for the extra flavor.  Redcrest is a bit pricey but it's definitely on the best fried chicken list for sure.
Me, to my boyfriend: Yo, this sandwich is f*cked up good.
Line cook: How's everything tasting?
Me, loudly in front of entire restaurant: F*CKED UP GOOD

Pros: Vegan options that don't taste like a "good enough" substitution, friendly staff, killer 77 and power pop music blaring, very reasonable prices (especially given the area)

Cons: None of my pants will fit in approximately 6-8 weeks. Also, wish there were more vegan sides and sauce options
YUM YUM  fried chicken sandwiches - really loving the flavor twist on the Redcrest sandwich.  Let's be real, anything on a potato bun is going to be delicious.  No question about it, you need the corn pudding.  It actually is one of life's necessities.  A couple of biscuits to go wouldn't hurt either, obviously lather in butter and eat in bed.  Vinegar based slaw with a heavy dose of black pepper - skip this if your a creamy fan.
Walk-up windows are so convenient, but they also make it so hard to resist temptation when indulgent food is so easy to get.

After a couple of delicious drinks nearby, we noticed the fried chicken window as we walked home. There was just one person waiting; how could I pass that up?

I got a sandwich, and he got popcorn chicken. My sandwich was the clear winner: tender and juicy. We sat on a bench in the tiny park across the street and enjoyed them.

Don't waste your time with the fast-food chicken sandwich wars. Just go to Redcrest.
this place is fantastic. simple set up, good service, superior food.

the chicken is well seasoned and cooked perfectly. It's not greasy at all and the meat is tender & delicious.

If I'm in the area, I will hit this place up.
I live in the Passyunk Square area and my neighbors have been raving about Redcrest fried chicken. I finally tried it myself today.

I ordered the 1/4 Light Spicy meal with a side of fries and the buttermilk ranch via Grubhub.

The chicken meat itself was fall-of-the-bone goodness. I think it's the most tender, juicy, delicious, perfectly cooked chicken I've ever had. The fries were good (as good as fries can be when delivered) and the buttermilk ranch is really tasty. 

My only criticism is the spicy chicken is NOT spicy. I will admit, after living in Nashville for five years, I had very high hopes that this would satisfy my Hot Chicken cravings. Unfortunately, on a scale from Southern to Fire, this is maybe Southern plus a sprinkle of black pepper.

That being said, I'd definitely order from Redcrest again. I'll add my own cayenne.
Wow! Wow! Delicious! I came here on a Monday night (04/23) and the food was so amazing!!!!!!  The 2 guys behind the counter was really helpful and sweet! I ordered the half meal with 1 side and added an extra side.  I got the chicken spicy and collard greens and mash potatoes and as I'm typing this, I'm stuffing my face with their food. It is soooooooo yummy. One of the best fried chicken I have ever tasted. I can not wait to go back!
Redcrest is a solid decision if you're in the mood for fried chicken. First and foremost the staff are beyond friendly. From the girl at the register to the cook, very very nice people. 

Redcrest is a nice spot. The restaurant itself is immaculate and simple. Mostly takeout with very few high top seats. They are open late and have a nice menu. I went with the buttermilk chicken sandwich and a side of cole slaw. The chicken is cooked fresh so there can be a bit of a wait, that's fine by me. The bun was perfectly toasted. The pickles were perfect! The garlic aioli was nice compliment to the chicken. The chicken itself while fried nice, had nice crunch was thinner than I expected. I thought for sure they would use breast meat but it's thigh. While I do prefer a chicken breast on a sandwich, the thigh was almost perfect. The cole slaw was delicious. It wasn't overly dressed. It was still very crunch and had a nice kick to it. Tastes like a spicy mustard which is different but it works. 

I would highly recommend Redcrest to anyone in the mood for chicken. I'll be a repeat customer for sure. Can't wait to try more off the menu. Solid 4 stars 

Side not: It is South Philly so parking can be tough..
I heard about Redcrest from some news articles.  Foobooz or eater...  I don't remember where, but I remembered I was excited for this place.  Having to be in South Philly today for a volunteer event st Philabundence, I realized I needed food before I start...  Where to go?  I don't want chicken, I had that twice yesterday...  Hmm...  Oh!  Redcrest!  Let's do chicken!  

I show up and order my food.  While I wait for the food to cook, I spoke with the cashier.  Incredibly friendly and before you know it, my food was up.  I looked over my quarter dark meal with a biscuit, mashed potatoes and a lemonade.  It looked good, but I was keeping my expectations low...  I saw steam and my brain said don't eat that yet...  My eyes said, do it...  I did it...  Nike would be proud...  

Crunch...  My eyes widened as I heard the sound.  The seasoning hit my tongue and I was very happy.  A moist bite of perfectly cooked fried chicken....   My mind went blank...  Is this the best fried chicken I've ever had?  It can't be?  I have to be forgetting somewhere else...  It doesn't matter, they are all dead to me now...  I can apologize later if I "remember" a better perfect bite.  That's what Redcrest was to me.  The perfect bite of fried chicken.  Seriously, I've had more flavorful chicken that was dry.  I've had crisper chicken that was dry.  Ive had the moistest chicken ever with no flavor...  Redcrest gave me the perfect bite and I'm forever grateful.  

A few mistakes... On me, not them...  Well maybe them for not telling me to get a whole chicken, since it's so good...  I fear I should have gotten a different side.  Corn pudding?  I want that...  My wife is going to read this and tell me this is why you stare at the menu for seventeen minutes when it's your turn at the counter, so you don't make this mistake.  Should I have gotten spicy chicken?  Would it have been as good or satisfying?  I can handle heat, but I love a nice blend of heat that compliments rather than over powers, especially when this product is already so good.  

I let them know how much I loved this, because they asked me by name how my food was while eating it.  Whatever I told them, when they snapped me out of a food coma, doesn't do this chicken justice.  It was a great biscuit too.  I'm hard to please with biscuits and chicken, but this is my new favorite place.  I'll be back...  I think my lunch hour will have to start while eating though.  Not when I leave.  It's a bit of a drive, but it's worth it!
Was craving fried chicken since we've been watching a TON of Diners Drive-ins and Dives this quarantine, so was happy we finally got around to picking up some grub from here the other night.

For a whole chicken (that's 6 pieces plus 2 biscuits) and sides of collard greens and french fries, it came to about $25, which is inexpensive for sure.  I called to order and made the mistake of ordering "half buttermilk/half spicy," thinking for whatever reason it would be a mixed batter.  What we got was literally 3 pieces in buttermilk and 3 pieces in spicy, so that was my mistake.  Be forewarned: it's got a kick, and tons of paprika flavor, but it's absolutely delicious.  I think I enjoyed the spicy more than the buttermilk.  Surprisingly, the collards were even spicier, and really rich in the bacon grease and (I think) garlic.  Some of tastiest collards I've had in recent past.

The biscuits were SO good - reminded me of Pillsbury grand rolls (my fav) - and super fresh, hot and buttery.  But they were very tiny and I was kind of hoping with the meal, we could get bigger ones or double the amount.  Next time, I'll be sure to just tack on more to the order.
Love this location and happy to have another casual spot along the Avenue. We got the 8 piece regular chicken which came with 2 biscuits. The chicken was crunchy and very tender but lacked flavor. The biscuits were dense and chewy, not what you'd expect from a biscuit. I'm interested in coming back to try the wings and sandwiches.
I got a quarter of buttermilk fried chicken with a biscuit and mashed potatoes. My total was around 8 dollars, which was about right for how much food I got. The chicken was delicious: moist with an awesome crunch. Same goes for the biscuit and the mashed potatoes with gravy was great. I'll be excited to try the sandwiches.

Their expected hours are also exciting, I'm looking forward to having a quick, affordable, late night option on the avenue.
I really wanted to love this place but it wasn't anything to write home about. Serving sizes are way small. Mashed potatoes taste like hospital food. Chicken was ok but I did enjoy the corn pudding and biscuits.
I went in and have been meaning to try this place for the longest time as I have walked passed and salivated for fresh fried chicken. And yes it was very good fresh fried chicken. Able to keep its juice and flavor this place gets a four stars.
Now what knocks it down to a three was the mashed potatoes. My absolute most favorite thing in this world was mashed potatoes. I get every variety wherever I go. 
This placed featured a golden spud potato and gravy, nice size. 
The gravy was so overpowering and bitter it left me very underwhelmed from it all. It was the strongest gravy, bitter like a burnt chicken stock? Brown and too powerful compared to the delicate almost too light of mashed potatoes. There needs to be definite work on this portion to even serve. Please consider not getting this amazing food item here, at least without the gravy. Chicken good, mash not so much
We were craving some fried chicken and found this place. Small (mostly take out) restaurant in Passyunk neighborhood. The fried chicken is made to order. I take the reg my husband the spicy. We have tried their sandwiches but we've come back for their 1/4 and 1/2 chickens. The mashed potatoes are awesome and their greens are bacon and well made. Small square biscuits served with some meals. 

There is counter seating #6 but there is a lot of people and services picking up to go orders. 

It's served piping hot. Enjoyed it every time we have had it so far. Will be back soon. 

In the mood- go in and enjoy!
Meh. I got the buttermilk chicken sandwich, mac and cheese, biscuit, and mashed potatoes. I didn't really love anything. The mac and cheese was just ok. I liked the gravy with the potatoes, but the potatoes themself were flavorless so it was a weird combo. I make better biscuits than the ones they sell and honestly it looked kind of weird and like something that was purchased from a vendor instead of homemade. The edges were not craggy, they were cut very precisely. Or maybe they make them in pans, which sucks because the craggy bits are the best part. The sandwich was just salty and not good. I was craving a spicy chicken sandwich from Wendy's and I should have gone with that.
Nice little storefront with good chicken and amazing biscuits. The spicy fried chicken was juicy and covered with a thin layer of crispy lightly salted chicken skin. I ate the chicken within 5 minutes of it coming out of the fryer which probably was the best time to eat it. I feel like the tastiness of Redcrest's fried chicken would decrease exponentially with time as the thin skin loses its crsipyness. The pieces were a bit small compared to standard chains like Popeyes or kfc which is less than I'm used to. 

But. The. Cheese. Biscuits. Wow. Especially the first bite when it's fresh. Salty chewy cheesy buttery flaky goodness cooked to perfection. One of the best I've ever had. Highly recommended. Would visit again just for the biscuits.
(Note, I don't give a lot of fives)
Folks, I've spent quite a bit of time in The South, and just like you'll never find a decent cheesesteak in The South, you won't find superb Fried Chicken in South Philadelphia.
With that qualification, this could be the finest fried chicken I've ever had, outside of The South.  Not just the breading/batter/crust, it's obviously been in an amazing brine/marinade.  
We ordered the hot 1/4 dark, tenders, and popcorn chx, and all were fantastic.  Even the family members who aren't fried chx fans at least very much liked this spot.
The sides we had, mashed potatoes, biscuit, and fries were at LEAST way above average.
I also have to say the buffalo sauce was, although not weapons grade hot, in a side to side taste test with Steve and Ed's extra hot sauce (my all time fave), rendered Redcrest was a hands down winner.
I can only speak to the local delivery, but it's as good as it gets.
There's legit NO BETTER PLACE to get a fried chicken sandwich in the actual world. These things are so freaking good they make me weep tears of foodie joy. 

The sides are also delicious.
Everything on the menu is a religious experience. Please order from this place if you love yourself. Chicken sandwiches are great, I'd highly recommend loading up on biscuits. So thankful this is down the street from my house.
This place is an excellent addition to the avenue. It's affordable, open late, and delicious. 

The food is crispy fried chicken, sandwiches, and a few selected sides. Everything I've had so far (in the first week they've been open) has been great. If I had to pick on something it would be the lack of seating (place is tiny) and the lack of salt (or something) on the fried chicken. 

Either way, I'm always down for some fried chicken
Probably the best fried chicken I've ever had. The atmosphere is great, the people are super friendly. Not only is the chicken bomb, but I'd come here just for the sides too. The mashed potatoes are on point!! 100% would recommend getting lunch here
I happened to walk through my hood and I see this open- whoa, I LOVE FRIED CHICKEN so why not? 
Big regret. Chicken was so gamey. The pickle with it had a bad after taste. Even the potato bun with it was unappetizing. It was horrible. I tried to see if my daughter would like it- thought it was my picky tastebuds- but I couldn't even shred it for her- it was sooo tough. I dumped the whole meal at the nearby park. Shame. I was excited to patron this place more often.
Rainy day today. Walked up to Passyunk Ave and had lunch at the new fried chicken takeout place Redcrest.

We ordered a chicken sandwich, popcorn chicken, fries and a biscuit. 

Buttermilk biscuits made with butter. Tender, fluffy, yummy. Very tender and moist chicken. Good fries. 

They opened a week ago. 1-hour wait for multi-piece orders of chicken or wings, due to large orders for pre-Super Bowl parties.

Owners and staff friendly and attentive.
I'm so into this place! I love ordering the fried chicken meal with mashed potatoes and collard greens! Their chicken is so crispy and savory! The greens are so tangy and the perfect amount of garlic! I really like the potatoes but my husband says they taste a little like box mix but I like that kinda thing! Everyone there is so friendly and the service is very speedy!
Stopped in on Super Bowk Day and they were slammed with party orders. The staff was very friendly and the food was awesome. Chicken was juicy, crispy and tasty. Biscuit was excellent. Not quite as good as my NC grandmom's but no biscuit has ever been. Fries were hot and crispy. Highly recommend.  Welcome to South Phila.
Pretty good. As you can see in the pictures the breading is a little dark so it tastes a little well done but not burnt. I feel it's a pretty good value for a 1/2 chicken and a side for $13.00. My side was the greens- very flavorful with bacon and meat taste! If my choice was between them and Federal I'd choose Redcrest.
Pros: Rather large, filling sandwich. Chicken had just the right amount of crunch to it too, and was perfectly cooked. 
Cons: Not enough spicy "mayo" to give it real flavor. No other toppings offered (pickles, tomato, etc.) just a limp piece of romaine lettuce. Lemonade was awful. Tasted like Country Time mix, NOT real homemade lemonade, as the bottle claimed.
Not bad but not special.  Only 3 stars because the items i got (buttermilk chicken sandwich, coleslaw, corn) were not the best neither was the bum used.  The chicken breading is good so i think you will like it better if you like the breading to stick out flavor wise.  Would maybe recommend the chicken pieces instead of a sandwich.  I did really enjoy the biscuits as they were fresh, warm, tasty (might be top 5 of all time for me).  
Place is a grab and go, with limited seating.

Will check it out again and update my rating if the experience is better (could have been a 4 too but was leaning more towards a 3.4 grade so rounded down...sorry)
I took off work  the Friday after July 4th and planned to go to the shore. However the weather didn't look too great so we didn't go but I wanted to do something. I decided to come here since my husband would never want to go on a weekend. 

I was surprised it was so crowded on a weekday afternoon. Maybe other people took off work too or just came during their lunch hour? We split a whole chicken so that way we could each get 1  of each chicken part to try and just take some home if there was leftovers. 

We were waiting for a good amount of time. Others who ordered after us got their food before us. Maybe ours took longer because it was a whole meal and others just got sandwiches. There's not much seating either, we were lucky to grab a spot at the counter. 

They gave us an extra biscuit for the wait which was nice. The biscuits looked and tasted more like rolls to me, but they were still good. The fried chicken was great, very crispy on the outside and moist and flavorful on the inside. The collard greens were a little spicy but had a good smoky flavor to it. The corn pudding was ok, tasted like cornbread. 

My husband thinks this is possibly the best fried chicken he's ever had. It was very good, but best I don't know. It was a solid meal though and I would come back sometime.
This place is great! Good biscuits, sides, and excellent chicken. 

Shout-out to the guy who reviewed them poorly because the chicken was "dark meat":

Its for moist juicy chicken, but if you need it to be while why didn't you ask first big guy? Or #gotoKFC
My son and I stopped by for some takeout last week. The counter woman was amazingly friendly. My son ordered a two piece chicken meal with a biscuit and fries. He also asked for a side of gravy. Everything was delicious! The chicken was moist, perfectly seasoned, crunchy  and piping hot. The biscuits were thick and buttery and obviously hand made. The best part was the gravy. It wasn't the typical "brown gravy" you'd get at a fast food joint. It was more of a chicken gravy (as it should be). I'm getting hungry just thinking about it. This place is the real deal!
Vegan/veg fried chicken? Hell yeah! Super good, friendly owner, and great sides. These guys care about what they do and they do it well. Eat this food, you won't regret it. I had the veggie Buffalo and could have eaten two - so yummy. The bread pudding was super tasty and the corn salad side was fresh and delicious. Try it out - tell your friends!
I just had the red crest chicken sandwich. The service was top notch; everyone was friendly, everyone spoke. The bread was good at not drawing any attention away from the chicken, it had just the right amount of spicy mayo, and the chicken had a good crust. It wasn't best chicken sandwich I ever had, but was def above average.
I really enjoyed the chicken. It was crunchy on the outside and juicy on the inside.  The biscuits were amazing!
Two friends and I stopped in for a casual lunch on a weekday afternoon and we were pleasantly greeted as soon as we walked in the door by a very nice woman who worked the register that day. 

I decided on a buttermilk style chicken sandwich combo with a side of collard greens.

The food took a little longer to come out than I expected, but only because the chicken was fried to order: a very impressive feat for this small place that is clearly dedicated to the craft!

The buttermilk chicken sandwich was very good! From what I gather, Redcrest only uses thighs for their sandwiches which should earn immediate props from any self respecting chicken fanatic. In time, the thighs came out hot and incredibly crisp with an audible crunch. Excellent! The bun was soft and piled high with crisp and sour pickles and enough lettuce to keep you interested. My only suggestion would be to add slightly more sauce to the burger! I was really excited to try the garlicky sauce but I don't think I could taste it! Ask for extra sauce-- maybe even on the side. 

The collard greens were tender and packed with porky goodness. I watched these babies come out of a bubbling pot right behind the line too. Super yummy.

Everything came to $12. 

Overall, I think Redcrest did a bang-up job with their chicken sandwich! I don't think it was the best I've ever had, but this spot suffices to satisfy those salty, crispy, juicy cravings right down here on Passyunk.
Awesome, and worth the line. Chicken is delicious (had the ranch) and the biscuits are amazing.
This place is an excellent addition to the avenue. It's affordable, open late, and delicious. 

The food is crispy fried chicken, sandwiches, and a few selected sides. Everything I've had so far (in the first week they've been open) has been great. If I had to pick on something it would be the lack of seating (place is tiny) and the lack of salt (or something) on the fried chicken. 

Either way, I'm always down for some fried chicken.
I ordered the buffalo bleu cheese chicken sandwich. Awful. It was a sloppy mess. Not impressed with the sauce. The chicken was oozing in grease. Disgusting.
I know they are working out the kinks as any new restaurant has to do.

sampled all the sides, all the sandwiches and the fried chicken.  

Sides: You will hard pressed to find a fast casual concept with better sides (Corn Pudding, Biscuits are off the charts).  Mashed potatoes, Fries and Coleslaw are all solid
Sandwiches: I had all 4: Again for the price point: The Buffalo, BBQ & Redcrest were all fantastic.  Buttermilk was solid
Fried Chicken: was very tender and tasty, but would agree its needs to have a little more flavor.

I'm going to give a 5 star review because the sides/sandwiches are far above what you get at this price point anywhere else.  A little more flavor on the fried chicken is needed!
Truly disappointed. Wanted to love this place so much. The chicken sandwich was soggy, dark meat huge disappointment couldn't even finish it. The mash potatoes were instant made, even a bigger disappointment.
I discovered this place when Love and Honey fried chicken was closed for the day. Red crest fried chicken was good, nice, crispy, and had good flavor but their sides kinda sucked.
Nice quality chicken. Nice and crispy. Good sauces. Packaged well, although holes in the containers to preserve the pried food's crispiness would be nice in this covid era
This place was totally off my radar until last night when we dropped plans to go out and decided we wanted fried chicken. There's still plenty I'm interested in trying that will flesh out my opinion of the place - we didn't try any sandwiches, the fries, the greens - but I'd say between my partner and I, we covered a fair amount of territory for our inaugural order.

I'm happy to report I didn't try anything I didn't like, which applies to a spicy half-chicken order, the biscuit that came with it, coleslaw, macaroni and cheese, mashed potatoes, and garlic ranch. 

The chicken itself was highly satisfying, spiced in such a way that it was never overwhelming to me but managed to maintain a steady, noticeable heat throughout the meal. Each piece was also sufficiently crisp. The thick, buttermilk-y garlic ranch complimented the spicy chicken perfectly and was absolutely worth including in my order. The biscuits aren't huge, but they're pretty on-point; they have density and substance, but aren't hard or bothersomely chewy. They make a natural built-in addition to the half-chicken orders. 

As for the sides, I'd say the least memorable was the mashed potatoes, which surprised me given the liberal amount of thick, light-colored gravy that came on top. It definitely wasn't bad by any means, and maybe I just had more intense flavors dominating my taste buds, but I wouldn't say it was very assertively flavorful. I wonder if I'd have felt differently if my order had been of plain, rather than spicy, chicken. The macaroni and cheese order wasn't my side, but I got to sample it; my gf initially thought it tasted a bit strange (not enough so that she didn't finish the side), but I was instantly happy with it - I appreciated how it didn't seem exceedingly rich or drippy. She outright didn't like the coleslaw (clearly we should have reversed our side orders), but again, I was a fan and was happy to eat the lion's share. If there was mayonnaise in it, I couldn't taste any, which is always a big win with coleslaw. It was light but a solid portion, and provided the kind of alternative flavor and mouth-feel to the meal that makes coleslaw such a popular compliment to so much heavy southern food. 

Now that I know the place not only exists but is close by, I'm looking forward to a future order, possibly one in which I go the sandwich and fries route. Speaking of, vegans probably won't be too likely to read this review, but those who do will be happy to know that the restaurant offers equivalent vegan versions of all or most of its diverse selection of chicken sandwiches.
The fried chicken was soggy and the meat was over cooked and tough, overall not great flavor, tried both the spicy and regular. Mac and cheese was ok. The biscuits were very confusing, they looked like tiny little gray bricks, maybe they weren't fully cooked? There are better fried chicken spots in the city.
It was restaurant week! So we came here for lunch on a rainy Saturday afternoon. Since it's Covid they were doing takeout only. We ordered at the window and waited for about 15 mins for our order to be ready.
I got the buttermilk chicken sandwich with fries and Mac+cheese as my extra side. The special also came with a can of soda and a brownie. The chicken sandwich was super delicious even though I thought the buns they used were too bready. They do give you a ton of fries which is always good! They forgot to put forks and napkins in our order but we just ran down the street from our car (where we were eating) and got some. I also ordered their popcorn chicken for 8$ and I thought I got a decent amount of chicken. I did notice it was dark meat but I always think dark meat taste better anyway when it comes to fried chicken. Loved the popcorn chicken it was nice and crispy and came a dipping sauce (I got ranch) My vegetarian friend enjoyed her veggie patty sandwich too! This is a great place to grab a quick lunch especially friends who need vegan/vegetarian options.
My boyfriend and I discovered this little gem and we were pleasantly surprised. He got the wings and I got the bbq sandwich. I think he liked his wings but I LOVED that sandwich. The side of fries is were delicious. 


We ended getting sandwiches a second time the next week and I wasn't assssss impressed but that bbq is definitely something to get. 

The staff is also pretty awesome. Get some food!
Loooove so affordable for the quality never a bad choice. I get the veg things but in the past had the chicken--- all bomb. Sides too. Go in!
Crazy how all these reviews might be confused about what good fried chicken tastes like. Very average, corn pudding and biscuits were good but i truly think it's crazy for this many people to be five starring some truly average and bland fried chicken
My friend and I got this the other night and we enjoyed it a lot! Our sandwiches were good and his Mac n cheese was delicious. The seasonal vegetable side I got was somewhat unsavory--I liked it, but I definitely won't be getting it again. I'll be back to try different sides and sandwiches!! Overall, Redcrest is very affordable, service is adequate, and pretty delicious.

Update: just an fyi, if you give them your number for a text when your order is ready, you likely won't get it until way after your food is ready. I'm not sure if it's just delayed or what, but definitely don't rely on that. Just go back to the window about 15 minutes after ordering!
Easily the worst experience ordering food ever..do not have delivery if you can not deliver quality food..my chicken was soggy n box soaked.. biscuits came raw and unusually small..place was a joke..25$ wasted..sad when KFC can beat you in quality
I always struggle to decide what to get here the fried chicken or the buttermilk chicken sandwich lol. I enjoy their sides too. Knocking off a star for the prices in relation to the portion size (which is small). Otherwise an excellent place if you're craving perfectly juicy chicken. Oh. And finding parking in this area is tough so be mindful of that before you come here.
Twice in a row I have found myself on the receiving end of the juiciest chicken breast of all-time. Thank you, Redcrest. You reminded me that white meat can be delicious.
I've tried this place 2-3 times and each time I'm left wanting. The chicken is fried too much, so the meat is tough. The toppings and sauces on the sandwich are good, but the tough, overcooked chicken makes it hard to enjoy. I really want to like this place, but just can't.
Where to begin.. 

I ordered delivery via their app and it was simple enough. The food came and that's where the problems start. The food was delivered to the wrong address, which makes no sense since my numbers are literally on my front door. Thank God I have honest and wonderful neighbors who called and said they have a bag with my name on it. When I finally got the food, which was delivered early, it was soggy and cold. How??? The bag with the sides was so soggy, it ripped apart when trying to pull it out the bag. The chicken was soggy and cold and didn't taste like anything. Do they know what salt and pepper are?? Also, I ordered extra biscuits that weren't in the bag, which might be a good thing because the biscuits weren't good either. The only side I ordered were greens and those taste like Glory greens out the can. I do not recommend this place. Save your time and money.
Doesn't look like much when you walk past, because it's very small. This is great fried chicken. It's slightly on the pricier end. My only grievance is that I've had an over done piece here and there when I get popcorn chicken. The sandwiches are usually right on point. Great mashed potatoes and mac n cheese. Awesome mustard, awesome workers.
The price is very much worth what you get at Redcrest. Juicy pieces of fried chicken with delicious sauces as add  ons, layered biscuits, and fresh salads delivered super quick. For the chicken, you have the option of spicy or regular, and the spicy is my fave- it is out of this world. Add on bleu cheese for delicious bites. The sides of mac and cheese and potatoes are small end nothing special, but in terms of chicken, this place is my ideal spot, and not even much more expensive than chain chicken places in the city when you consider the quality.
Would highly recommend if you're looking for a spicy, well seasoned fried chicken. While the buttermilk chicken is commendable, the star of the menu truly is their spicy fried chicken. I've found it is difficult to find fried chicken places on the east coast that actually have 'spicy' fried chicken. Red crest does an incredible job, and I will be returning very soon.
