This place has been around for years... and as a West Indian, I am ashamed to say it has taken me this long to get in here.

Usually, I hear about this place for the lounge. I just never got around to it.

This past Saturday night, my best friend suggested we go and eat. I wasn't really hungry, so I ate something lighter.

I got the jerk chicken cheesesteaks with calypso fries. I was SHOCKED. I usually gravitate towards anything jerk chicken. So this was definitely not my first jerk chicken cheesesteak... but this was the BEST I have ever had. Even the fries were good.

I did not eat my whole sandwich, so I had some for later, which was a plus! I would definitely return here for food.

I did not go up to the lounge aspect of this venue. But the music was on point.
I very surprised that this restaurant has very low rating reviews went the food is so amazing maybe it is because it is a bit price. The decoration is seen like you are in the vibe of the Caribbean. 

Crab and Curry Fried Rice a REEF original long grain rice, lump crab meat, stir-fried with brunoise vegetables and steeped in crab stock infused with curry and coconut essence. The rice has a bit spicy taste which gives it an authentic flavor and super tasty, the amount of food is pretty big enough to feed two people but the price is a bit too much for only rice which seafood. 

The staff is pretty good, and they have a full bar and a few tvs, the place is pretty big. 

Another plus is located in a good area of Philly. A bad is that a bit to the price but maybe is the price to be in that location.
The food was ok. The portions were rather small considering the price. The service was slow and not very friendly. The drinks were weak. They told us in the beginning that we were able to have separate checks and when it was time
To pay they said it was too much of a headache to do it. They gave us the entire everyone paid their portion and the manager came out and proceeded to tell us we were short 55$ when in all actuality we have overpaid by 17$. The manager was really rude and unprofessional. I will never step foot in this establishment again!
One of my favorite places to relax in the city. I always come here with lots of friends and an empty stomach. And I always leave happy. Here's why I give Reef 5 stars:
(1) Atmosphere - Grown & sexy. These are the first two words that come to mind when I think of Reef. I never really see too many kids here. This is a pretty 25+ crowd, which I like.
(2) Management - the manager is always very friendly and personable. He comes over and talks to you to make sure you're having a good time.
(3) The crab n curry fried rice may be one of the BEST things I've ever tasted in my whole entire life.
(4) Great for large parties. Friends have had birthdays here and have still received great service.
(5) The decor is nice
(6) The prices are reasonable
(7) The drinks are strong. They definitely don't hold back on the liquor.
(8) Plantains. Need I say more?????

Quite frankly, I'm addicted to Reef. I go again and again and again.
How this place is still in business is truly beyond me!!! Our waitress was the most unfriendly person I had ever met. No introduction at all, just stood there with a blank look on her face asked what we wanted to drink. Well, hello to you too. We ordered Rum and Cokes which were totally watered down. Yeah, nope. Caribbean wings were overcooked and dry. Hardly any sauce! Music was so loud we could hardly hear each other. No thanks.
Love the decor. I felt like I was an extra in the Little Mermaid. (The 80's music sure added to that illusion.)

Jerk BBQ wings weren't out of this world, but their pineapple skewers with shrimp (done Caribbean style) held their own. The three - or four? - shots we did probably helped. Oh, and did I mention that the kitchen brought me a fresh habanero? Yow!

Pleasant service from Margie (bartender and server) and Irfan (server and busser). Irfan adjusted our table when we noticed it was a-wobbly.

I'll be back for their salsa night.
Lucky the crab was good because the service was terrible. Unfortunately the waitress didn't understand English very well, which made the service a little rough. Waited 10-15 minutes for refills from a bar that was 10 ft away. Oh and the refills aren't free. Get ready to drink a lot of water. We also received the wrong check at the end of the night. I read the reviews hoping it was a bunch of haters but trust me most of them are accurate. Can't vouch for anything but the crab legs so eat at your own risk!
2 hours of time wasted! I've been to Reef several times before and have never received the level of inadequate, unprofessional and disrespectful service as I did this evening.

Bottomline: I will never patronize Reef again. Read below if you'd like to know the level of customer service you will be greeted with.  

I attended with a party of 6 and were seated in an empty upstairs. Our server immediately took our drink orders and bought us our waters. She then disappeared for at least 20 minutes. We had to call downstairs to ensure they hadn't forgotten about us. When she returned and took our orders 30 mins passes and no food had come. Finally the manager comes after we request to speak to him. There is no offer of consolation, but he ensures us our food is coming and that the kitchen is slammed. 10 more minutes & our food comes. Some orders are incomplete & service is inattentive. Had we not waited and were not starving we would have left! 

Once the check is bought out we ask for an adjusted check, as we do not feel the 18% gratuity is justified. The manager does not oblige but says he'll pay the difference out of his pocket and puts a $10 bill on the table! WHAT KIND OF ESTABLISHMENT DOES THAT? Wouldn't you just handle it behind the scenes instead of throwing money down like we're common whores. Instead of simply adjusting the bill he assumed that we WOULD leave a tip for poor service. 

We split the check in the way we feel, with the CORRECT (and that is important) amount minus gratuity. We WAIT for the server to come back. There is absolutely NO hustle in attention. But get this, when the server takes the check and we EXPLAIN that it is minus gratuity, the manager comes back and says it's not adding up. A duh!!! We left off the inflated tip because it was not deserved! We explain this, he leaves with us thinking he will run it the way we outlined. Ya'll 10 minutes later he comes back with a bleeping calculator (how disrespectful) to say it's not adding up! He says there are only 2 credit cards put down. In his hand are actually 3 CARDS!!! We wrote down the CORRECT amount from jump! He looks dumbfounded and says he still can't run it. Disgusted, we put down $10 for gratuity and go to leave. 

As we're descending the stairs to get our credit cards there is the manager chilling, having a drink!!! He is not helping his staff or running the cards. He is relaxing, providing horrible customer service and expecting his customers to pick up the slack. Most unnerving experience of my dining life.
1) Plastic "silverware"
2) Waffles looked and tasted like it came from the frozen section of the supermarket
3) Our mimosas arrived when we were halfway done with our meal - mind you, it was all pre-mixed and just had to be poured into an empty carafe and it wasn't like the restaurant was swarming with patrons
4) An unjustifiable automatic 18% gratuity
I went to the Reef for a party and and we came late but we got charged with the party the bill was over $200 dollars almost $300 dollars. All that me and my sister had was about $30 dollar for food and drinks plus give a tip. Some of the guests left the party did not want to pray for the gratuities. And I asked the waitress why was we being charged for something we didn't have and she said because we sit at the same table. But the party guests had already ate the appetizer they had got their food and was eating. This was absolutely crazy. Don't get me wrong the food was great the drinks was okay but I was not happy paying other people food bill. And especially when you don't drink you paying for people that had about five, six drinks. Or the guests pay for what they have to eat and that's it. So I simply asked the waitress again could we get separate bills and she had the audacity to says I'm tired of breaking bill down. I had to check her and let her know that you didn't do it for us I don't know who you did for and I'm asking about us. It was my cousin's birthday and I wasn't going to make a big deal but on Yelp. I am making a big deal because CUSTOMERS BEWARE!!!!! Sit at another table or stand up or order your food somewhere else and then come back and sit at the table. I truly hate when people eat whatever and drink and don't want to pay.....You are responsible for your drinks and what you eat. And the kicker out of all of this answer the waitress gave us our bill she was trying to kick us out pay the bill get up is other customers that's exactly how we feel we was trying to Total the bill trying to gather up the birthday items and pack our food. I will definitely go back but I will just pay for what I eat and drink nobody else's bill. Then after that the waitress said she was going to send my cousin a slice of cake with a sparkle on it that's what they do for birthdays  it was nice. Then we finish the party off upstairs where there was a live DJ and another bar made upstairs making drinks cash bar. Oh I forgot you can't stay down there for so long because of the 2-hour parking or your car will get towed or you have to put it in the lot. For all the money that these restaurants charges should be discounted lot somewhere in the neighborhood when you go to the Restaurants. I really hope the reef get it together because they will be losing a lot of clientele when things like this happen. And out of all of this I'm glad that my cousin had a great time.
I had the worst experience tonight. The menu had an "old" price and when the check came it was higher than the menu price. I asked to speak with the manager she told me that she would NOT honor the menu price. It was an oversight. Any good manager would has honored the price and then made sure that all of the menu prices were changed after that. If she had done that then they would have a repeat customer forever. But because of her POOR managerial skills. I'm done with the Reef.
I have to say I didn't like the restaurant food AT ALL.  For anyone who is from the Essex County & Union County area of NJ or BK, BX you can find a better deal & meal at your local Jamacian Spot and or Golden Crust.  The wait was far too long and the wait staff was borderline rude and invisible and I don't know what one is worst.  I visited the restaurant during a quick weekend trip to Philly and I have to say I will never return.
I loved my entire experience here. The music was good, the food was delicious, and we didn't even get a chance to head over to the lounge. 

I ordered salmon with rice & beans and cabbage. I didn't even eat the rice & beans, but the salmon and cabbage was delicious. I was with a group who was ready to go, but I would absolutely go back when I have more time to try that bread pudding I saw on the menu.
My girls and I love Friday nights at the Reef, they have two full service bars, and an awesome DJ with a spacious dance floor. I love Caribbean food, their Jerk Salmon with broccoli, Rice and Peas along with a Rum Punch is a must try. The service is great and the staff is very personable, we always have a good time and I would recommend this place if you are going on a date or just our with friends.
I had a very yummy dinner here during my last trip to Philly! We didn't have reservations so there was a bit of a wait at around 9pm on a Friday night. We were finally seated and it was pretty packed so I didn't expect fast service but it was slower than I thought. We placed our drink orders (the drinks were great!) while we looked over the menu. I couldn't decide between the oxtail and rasta pasta since both are favorite dishes of mine and normally the places I've frequented in NY would let me combine. Our waitress said that wasn't a possibility so I settled for the Oxtail -- wish I hadn't. It wasn't bad, but my family is Jamaican and my mom puts her foot in some oxtail so this just didn't live up to hers. I did steal a taste of my cousins rasta pasta and it was delicious!! If I ever find myself here again, that's def what I'll order. My husband had the jerk chicken and it was very well cooked. Not as spicy as he would like, but perfect for me since I prefer mild. Portion sizes were good for price and I loved the music they played. It had a loungey feel and I think they may have dancing downstairs. The music is on the louder side so wouldn't recommend if you plan on doing a lot of talking but otherwise it's a pretty cool spot!
I haven't eaten here although the waitstaff will bring you food upstairs at the dance floor; this review is for the dancing upstairs. Interesting Tuesday night salsa/bachata lessons with Joe Figueroa at 8 & 9pm. 75% salsa, with some bachata, merengue and cha  thrown in there. The dance floor is relatively small and gets crowded fast so girls, watch out for yourselves in case your partner isn't and for the love of god please don't wear stilettos. There's a large advanced salsa population which is fun and maybe a little intimidating for even intermediate dancers (not a great scene for beginners due to space limitations). Often a showcase/demo around 11ish.
Went here for dinner on Monday night. Just missed the all you can eat crab which ends at 9. All good. We ordered food and it was pretty decent. It wasn't crowded either so we got seated right away. 

I had the oxtail with rice and peas and shared Mac and cheese and side of plantains. My friend got the jerk chicken.  He said the chicken was good. The oxtail was better after I added a little salt and pepper sauce to it. It was very tender tho. The rice was cooked well. Mac and cheese and plantains were also pretty good. 

I also ordered the liquid weed and I will say the bartender was not cheap on the drink. It was pretty good. My friend had a coconut mojito which apparently was good enough for him to want to try on his own.
I haven't been to the Reef in a few months, but it's definitely one of my favorite spots in Philly. Being a native Brooklynite of Caribbean descent and living in the Philly area, this place has a feel like I'm back home. It's one of the few Caribbean restaurants where the food is actually really good. It may be a little bit pricier, but I think it's worth it. 

If you like dancehall music, the best nights to go is on Saturday night. You can enjoy some good food downstairs and then head upstairs for some dancehall reggae all night. The space upstairs is small, and it can get a little cramped if there's a lot of people.
I enjoyed my first visit here for the most part. My friend suggested this place and I was not disappointed. The service downstairs from the female bartender and our waiter was exceptional. I ordered the jerk chicken quesadilla it was tasty. 

When we went upstairs however the female bartender was rude and barely put an alcohol in our drinks. The first drinks we ordered were simple just an alcohol and a mixer, she barely any alcohol in them. We then decided to order some shots. She put a few drops in a plastic cup which was laughable, we then asked for a double and it was still the amount of one reasonable shot. 

So my advice is don't bother going upstairs if you want to order drinks. It's a waste of time and money.
Okay so boom! I try to be as honest as possible with my reviews. The ONLY reason this place is getting 3 stars is because their appetizers were really bomb! We ordered mussels, crab and spinach dip and fried calamari. It was so good we ordered another round of drinks. Which we needed it because it took forever for our food to come out. However, my food never made its way to my dinner plate. After all of the appetizers were gone and my girls ate their food. The waiter was ready to bring us the check, we reminded him that my food never came out. After waiting another 20 mins he came and said oh we are out of the curry chicken. Like seriously?!?! We had to get our Karen on and ask for a manager because that was unacceptable. The manager did come out and the missing order I put in was comped for a jerk chicken. Chileeeee they had one hostess who got smooth tf on my nerves. So me giving three stars is being VERY generous.
The 2 is strictly regarding their service. Our waitress was absolutely horrible & I'm going to assume it has to do with the fact they automatically add an 18% gratuity to all checks. The entire waitstaff, the bartenders, the hostess & 1/2 the kitchen congregated right by the bar talking, laughing, basically everything but assisting patrons. Our waitress never checked up on us and forgot utensils, plates, napkins, pretty much everything. Every time we needed her she was busy sitting at the bar laughing with the rest of the staff. I've come here several times in the past for their nightclub and happy hour and eaten here a few times, but today the experience completely turned me off from eating here again.
Can't wait to come back! Reef Restaurant and lounge was soo fun and a great time was had!
Reef restaurant and lounge offers seating areas at the bar or tables where you can experience some good carribean food.

Our waiter Nasir was charming, attentive and humorous. He informed us on their signature dishes and food. I ended up getting the salmon Montego Bay. My dish came with rice and beans and cabbage. Everything was flavorful and in abundance. My friend and I both ended up taking the rest of our food to go.

Their drinks are also bomb but pricey. Their rum shot was like 7.00 for a smidget of alcohol smh. On the other hand I like that all their drinks have a carribean twist to them.  Besides the shot, I got the Jamaican sunshine and a frozen pina colada and all was delicious!

The vibe was good they have a lounge upstairs for dancing the night away. Overall bring ya bae or ya dutty gyals and have a wonderful time at the Reef Restaurant and lounge!
The other comments are hilarious. I enjoy the sense of humor of my fellow yelpers. I read the comments to help me make my decision. I was thrown off my the poor customer service and the food not being tasty. All in all, I gave it a chance. 

The food is "overpriced" in comparison to other take out restaurants but it is important to keep on mind the overhead cost for the restaurant's location.

I LOVED the jerk wings. The sauce and the wings were simply perfect. My meal was good, I had the oxtail. Not the best I've had but decent. 

The drinks were great! Not sure of the are as culturally relevant as they are named but they taste good. I've always been a sucker for rum punch. 

I did have the bread pudding for dessert and that was divine. 

Unlike others, my customer service was wonderful. My waitress was attentive and helpful. The hostess can use some additional training but my interactions with her were slim. 

Please plan to spend a while looking for parking.
DISCLAIMER:This review is strictly based on the lounge portion of the establishment. 

It is a mandatory coat check which is all the way in the basement. No bueno! Upstairs is the open dance floor however, it's quite small and cramped in my opinion. The credit card minimum also is $20. So please bare that in mind or you'll be paying for your friends drinks. I haven't ever experienced such a large cc minimum especially when involving liquor...it just seems like a high liability especially when rail drinks were $6. Now, one major concern was the shaky floor while patrons were dancing...floors cave in everyday! So would I come back? probably only for the restaurant portion and even then I don't know. it's very easy to mess up island food -.- But atleast it's ground level!
Went alone and sat at the bar. Took them 20 minutes to acknowledge me! Food was cold and not the best! Won't be returning EVERRRRR
Went to The Reef Lounge last night to celebrate my cousin bday,  Omar the bartender was great, food was ok. We had a bday cake for my cousin, and when we got the bill there was cake charge of $15. Since we didn't order their dessert we got charged cause we brought our own (not happy about this) so we complained to management, they did remove the charge. But low and behold the manager had the nerve to suspend Omar for 5 days cause she had to take off the charge. Unprofessional.  Will never return.
Disclaimer this review is in regards to the OX Tail only. 

As i write this, i savor the the diverse and tantalising. Taste that is occuring in my mouth right now.

As a jamaican it is EXTREMELY hard to find a good caribbean establishment. The ox tail here is amazing pair with the plantains.... Absolute divinity...
Ok, Look I am going to just say this---- long wait for a drink when you are eating in and a water bottle! 20 min later the food came and it was ok, then the drinks came! BACKWARDS!!! Food is nothing to brag about, They need to hire more people and learn professionalism with their stink attitudes! Wouldn't go back!
Let me tell y'all about the reef. We got there around 730
on a Monday. They have a special on crabs so we had about a 5 min wait. Seating is tight but comfortable. It's also $5 margarita night and they were good and STRONG! I ordered the Rasta pasta. This sauce was the best the I've ever tasted in my life. We also got a crab & spinach dip for appetizers that comes in a bread bowl, amazing. They were out of Mac & cheese and chicken tenders, 2 things my gf tried to order but they made up for it by taking the first round of drinks off. I had to make myself stop eating so I could Dave some for lunch for the next day. For dinner I got the bread pudding that comes with raisins and this sauce. Whew! I was trying to take it home but it didn't make it. Our waitress was great, very attentive. I am already planning my trip back. I only gave it 4 stars because of the seating.
I'm sad this restaurant has such low reviews because the food was really good. We were in Philly for a conference and felt like Jamaican. Thanks to Yelp, we found this joint. This restaurant definitely gives off hole in the wall vibes. It's actually quite spacious when you walk in and the decor is right in sync with the "Reef" name. It's very aquatic and gives major "under di sea" vibes. 

I was happy to see that they there was a diverse group of patrons in the restaurant. Young, old, black, white. It's always good to see that, especially in ethnic restaurants because I feel like it's always a good indication that the food is good. Plus, we were hungry. 

The menu is kind of all over the place. It has your expected Jamaican classics from jerk chicken to red snapper to curry shrimp then it has the unexpected like jerk seasoned Philly cheese steaks and Rasta Pasta. They also have crab cakes (which I can't speak on because I didn't try them), chicken nachos, and turkey burgers.

We decided to order the jerk chicken with rice and peas and plantain. We got one order and decided to split it and I honestly thing it was one of the best ideas I had that week because we still had leftover food. The servings are hefty. The jerk sauce was good. I hate when the sauce is thick and gritty, but Reef had the recipe on lock. Also, they cooked my plantain just the way I like it, not too soggy, not too crispy. Juuuuuust right. Kudos to the chef! The staff were friendly, they were not overbearing, very laid back. Overall, we had a great experience here!
I guess the overall Yelp rating rating for Reef wasn't a lie...maybe even a bit generous at 3 stars. Let me get to it, the service was ok but the food/drinks were so disappointing! 

STRAWBERRY & CHAMPAGNE: You would think it's what the name says, right? It was actually champagne mixed with strawberry puree garnished with a strawberry. Seems like they added strawberry puree to reduce the amount of champagne for the drink. When I brought this to their attention, they remade the drink without the strawberry puree but put 4 strawberries in it to yet again, reduce the amount of champagne. How sneaky!

JERK SALMON CHEESESTEAK: The roll wasn't even toasted. It was just taken out the bag. 

RASTA PASTA: I opted for just veggies which was cool, but I had I known it was going to be an OVERLOAD of onions with just a few slices of red & green peppers I would've passed. They nickel & dime you for everything too - an extra $3 for broccoli (never knew broccoli to be special enough to require an upcharge) and a lump crab addition is basically like adding a whole new meal for a $20 upcharge. The cream sauce could've been seasoned more as well.

I haven't been to Reef in years and I recall it being a great spot back in the day, but even my friend said that it has lost its zest since the pandemic hit. I really want to see the establishment thrive since it's black-owned and a lot of businesses on South Street have not survived the pandemic, sadly. However, menu improvements are going to have to be made (especially considering they tack on a host of fees - 18% gratuity regardless of party size, food tax & liquor tax).
Ick, so tacky island vibe here.
Never again.
This was a stop on the margarita crawl.
The bartenders were so disorganized and spacey.
I waited 30 minutes for my saccharine margarita.  I think that I went into a mild diabetic coma afterwards.
The food menu looked very mediocre, fried junk.
Anyhoo, like I Said this place is kind of crazy so maybe that's your type of place but not for me.
The servers here can't get their act together. They try hard but the clientele must burn them out. The host, Marie sucks!! She's a freaking Nazi. 
If you get by the some of the ghetto customers and their ways, you'll find this place very nice. 
It has some of the tastiest Jamaican food here. The drinks are sub par due to lack of adequate or fully trained bar tenders. Colin is the only real bartender here. 
It sometimes feels a little unsafe here due to many low class folks stopping by. 

I recommend catering or take out. See for yourself if you dine in. Few hits and many misses.
I really wanted to like this place but...the food was not Jamaican. It wasn't caribbean and it wasn't even islandy. IDK what that was but...it was not Jamaican.

I title this review. "Famaican"

The ambience was nice, low lights, good rocksteady beats. Good drink deals $5 Blue Jamaicans (btw also not a real Jamaican cocktail). Thats how I knew the food was not going to be good. Ive never received good customer service AND good food at a Jamaican restaurant (just read my Muffin Man review). 

You have to make reservations at this restaurant on nights you know will be busy. I made reservations but there were several empty seats.

When the  rest of my party came we sat and ordered two oxtails and one curry chicken. My curry chicken was....smh...it was. Not. Jamaican. Was it curry, was it yellow tempura paint? IDK. I just know that this was not Jamaican curry. It wasnt even Trini curry or guyanese curry or grenadian curry or whatever island curry u could imagine. It just wasnt authentic. All you Americans who come here and rave about it. Please stop. Put down the fork and go to Jamaica and try some real curry. 

I said to myself, maybe the oxtail is better--NOPE. It tasted too sweet. Like the cook was heavy handed with the allspice, cinnamon and nutmeg. Just stop. DONT PUT THOSE THINGS IN UR CURRY OR OXTAIL. You can put a dash in ur jerk chicken BUT JUST A DASH. 

I was offended when I saw the red snapper came as a filet. NO WAY JOSE.!!!!!

The waitress was attentive and courteous and I am appreciative of that. 

Please dont come here and think this is how Jamaicans cook. PLEASE.
I've recently had the pleasure of experiencing the dining experience provided at Reef Restaurant & Lounge. I've heard so much about the food and atmosphere I just had to try it on a Saturday night with a group of friends. When we arrived the music and guests looked pleased and the hostess greeted us with a smile. She checked the list for our reservation and then proceeded to show us where we would be dining. Our waitress then came out after we were seated and welcomed us to the restaurant. It just felt so warm and authentic, I was definitely taking hospitality notes all night. After our drink orders were taken the waitress came back and took the rest of our orders. She was patient enough to answer every one of our detailed questions about the menu. The drinks took a little over 10 minutes but that's understandable when we looked over at the bar we saw two bartenders working their magic. What I can honestly say about Caribbean fine dining restaurant is that they hold up to their long standing positive reputation of always taking care of their customers. Oh, and desert that was a win win for us, they had this Bread Pudding Cake that just melted in your mouth. Very tasty, thoroughly enjoyed he service and atmosphere and especially the dance floor where we burned off all the calories we ate, or so I'd like to believe. Anyway, enjoy your experience and you will not regret it.
I go tot he Reef every Tuesday for dancing Salsa. You work up quite an appetite dancing s occasionally I'll grab a bite tot eat. Everything I've tried so far I've really liked and the portions were a good size too. They have a a $19.95 special on tuesday which includes salad, entree and dessert. The cheesecake was ok, but it's a caribbean restaurant so I wasn't expecting it to be more than that.

The dancing is fun especially since they redid the floor (they got it right this time!). Lots of really good dancers makes the small space seem bigger.
Love this restaurant!  The staff is unbelievably friendly and the food is great!!  Definitely a rival for Miss Lillies.  I had the jerk salmon, which I basically inhaled in a minute because it was so good, and the conch fritters which were also amazing.  If/when you go, would definitely recommend the coconut martini.  I tried the mango martini as well but the coconut definitely takes the cake (pun intended).
I wasn't sure that I would like this place, it seemed VERY Carribbean if that makes sense at all. In essence, it really is.

I'm not sure what I was looking for that night, but I got it at Reef. The drinks are delicious, try the bartender's specials that are posted right on top of the bar. If you sit there long enough, you are sure to get a free shot or "extra" drinks.

The bartender is very friendly and the food looks great, but we had already submitted to Jim's Steaks down the street. This seems to be a very popular spot and although it wasn't elbow room only, it was filling up pretty fast on a Saturday night. The later it gets the more fancy it gets and there's a Carribbean style club on the upper level, I believe its a $10 cover, I was good at the bar that day.

If I ever get back to Philly, I will definitely try the food the second time around.
Only been here once, it was a random spot that we walked into on a Saturday night. The wait was a bit long but that was expected, they had a live DJ, good music and nice Caribbean environment. Service was friendly and food was good as well. 
Definitely want to go back for another experience and really see every single thing it has to offer.
Reef has been around for me since I first moved to Philly in 2013 and lived off of Washington Ave. Walking distance, on South Street, but not ON South St and an oasis of Island vibes amidst all of the commotion of the surrounding area. While I love the food for being spicy, I'm not overly familiar with Caribbean fare to the point that I could speak on the authenticity of the dishes or if they conjure up any memories one way or the other. What I do know is drinking and music and Reef handles those well. The infused pineapples have started (and ended) many a night for me and the upstairs dance lounge can convert an American-music snob like me easily with the curated sounds. If you're walking the block, this spot is worth a quick stop for a strong cocktail and some Island tunes.
Very fun atmosphere, relaxing, great music. Came with family for the all-you-can eat crab legs. Super Yumm. Can't wait to return.
...  okay.. I love food.  I love Caribbean food, and I love Reef!!.  The venue is casual and really nothing to get excited about... but the Jerk is way better then Negril Village in NYC, decent Rum Punch,... I'm happy there...iLove nuff said!!
I dined here with friends Monday. My guest and I had to wait for over 40 minutes which was a bummer because I made a reservation. The Manager was not accommodating at all. They have a 18% gratuity no matter how many in the group. My friend ran a tab at the bar and once we were seated, you would think that the tab would have carried over to the table to avoid another 18% gratuity but that didn't happen. They have this big and burley guy who approaches you at the door when you walk in which was annoying. I thought we were at. Club and my purse was about to be searched. Isn't thevReef a restaurant? Why the bouncer? Smh

Several of us had the all you can eat crab legs and they were good. My friend had the short ribs however for $22 she only received 1.5 rib and a small portion of cabbage. She said they were delicious, she just wished she had more. Two friends had rice wasn't good. Although the food was good not sure if I'd go back. Service means everything to me. It completes the dining experience.
First restaurant I've gone to since March and I was so excited to have a girls night out at my favorite place. We ate in the back courtyard which is set up really cute. Using the phone for their contactless menu was also a good look, however, they took the spinach bread bowl off the menu. WHYYYYYYYYY. ok so no appetizers for us. Ordered my usual staple chicken and shrimp Rasta pasta. Couldn't wait to get it, til I got it. Not the same. Dry. Different. Just different. Several things were sent back from our table and several other things were just not eaten. We asked our server, Taylor, who was more than patient if there had been new owners, new chefs, new recipes, what was it! I think the reef is a wrap for us and I'm very sad about it.
I hate the customer service and management. Every time... Always the same HORRIBLE service. My last visit here I said I would never come again but today is a friend of a friend's birthday party... I'm here again. :-(
We just paid $73 for 2 drinks, 2 salads with cheap crapcakes on them. Ive been here more than once and every time ive waited an hour or more for my food. 
The service here is the worst. They also forget to tell you that they add 18% gratuity to every check.
Terrible service. Our waitress took forever to bring our drinks out. I watched her sit at the bar and flirt with a group of guys for 20 minutes. She also had a nasty attitude when I called her out for providing such terrible service. I will never return to Reef again. 

Food and alcohol is also very average and overpriced. Don't even waste your time or money here.
One of my fav Jamaican restaurants in philly! The oxtail is amazing and they serve the best rum punch.  This is my go to spot for authentic jamaican food in a lively environment.  S/o to the owners!
I consider myself a  regular customer at Reef's , whenever I get a chance to visit philly this is my go to Restaurant. I usually only get to visit on Saturday night's which is pretty busy , 15 to 20 min wait for a table unless you booked reservation ahead of time or if you get lucky enough to find a seat at the bar , So this is my first time visiting Reef's on Thursday at 5:30pm for a business meeting , it wasn't busy at out . 

Tonight I ordered the sweet and chill wings they was so delicious , for my main dish curry chicken with rice and beans , cabbage and  plantains . I also ordered take out for my parents ox tail , Swordfish with green beans , rice and beans with cabbage . They loved it  ;) 
I never have any complaints about there food or service , I guess thats the reason I keep coming back . I also tried the crab & shrimp fried rice thats one of my favorites as well . I enjoy the fact that there bartender's  no how to make actual cocktails .
Not a good experience.  First: roaches.  Yes, I definitely saw one.  I wasn't ordering food, but it was still disgusting.  And why the yelling?  Some jerk is yelling in the microphone half the time, like it's some kind of rave, but the place was practically empty.  No particularly good drink specials either.  Definitely a pass.
The food at the Reef is amazing! My go to restaurant whenever I am on South street!
There is a great bartender who occasionally sings and makes the best drinks and the chefs are on point every time. 
On a negative note the manager or host (fair skinned woman at the front) is very unpleasant, rude and will give customers attitude in front of other patrons. If she feels you are eating to slow with too much chit chatter she will tell you that you have a certain amount of time and then you have to leave.
The other negative thing is the wait staff, besides me and my husband, there was bother couple and 1 guy at the bar but it took the waitstaff at least 15 minutes with every drink. They congregate in the back table of the restaurant and just talk while you wait and wait for service, even though you are sitting right across from the bar and saw the bartender make your drink 8 minutes ago. On a number of occasions my husband has had to get our own drinks from the bar and bring them to the table.

All in all if the wait staff and host could mimic the quality of food at this place it would be 5 stars

Would I recommend Reef? Only if you are not with a large party and you sit at the bar. That way you don't have to deal with the host and uninterested wait staff
I've been coming here for years and it's just a great vibe at this restaurant.  The other night I got the rum punch and the Jerk Salmon Cheese steak which was very tasty. For some reason the rum punch was too sweet for me and I couldn't finish it but other than that this place gets the thumbs up. Parking can be a challenge.  I parked at the downstairs garage as soon as u come off of south st and make a left on 3rd it's the first garage on the right going downstairs. It was Saturday night and I was in there for an hour at the most and they charged me $25. Straight ripoff,  I know u can get your parking validated on certain days and get a break on the price but not on Saturdays.
Food was OK at best. I literally waited from 6:49pm to 7:35pm for the seafood boat. It was the tiniest 3 shrimp, 3 scallops, and 2 mini mini crab cakes. Looked like Barbie food.
I Tried the wings for the hell of it and was disappointed. That's mostly my fault, I'm not the biggest meat eater. Unimpressed but if you're looking for no frill type joint where service and food prep time is up in the air  try this place.
Cocktail selection is plentiful. You should have some luck w/drinks
I thought I should update to specify that I ONLY go to the Reef on Tuesdays for salsa and so this review is only specific to that night and not food/service etc. Since my last review they redid the finishing on the dance floor but let ppl dance on it too soon before letting it set so the floor isn't very fast-- I usually try to use some baby powder on my shoes to reduce friction (hint: don't dump it on the side of the floor where ppl walk and will fall!!). It is still really really freaking crowded between the lesson and 11:30pm, so be careful of flailing arms and take Really Small back steps to avoid killing the poor ppl behind you.
Came from NYC to check this restaurant with my ladies. The food was small portions for the amount that it cost. I had the Oxtails which were not really worth the amount they charge. The cabbage however was excellent great seasoning. Afterwards we went upstairs to dance and it was a bit small for what im use to but overall my ladies and i had a nice night. The wait staff was very friendly and the bartender was a bit much, loud singing started feeling like karaoke but it was in good spirits. overall i would come back maybe to try a different dish but my drink was amazing so i would visit again if i was in Philly.
Good Rasta Pasta (seasoned well) but there was not too much sauce on the food and they only gave me 4 shrimp to enjoy the pasta. When confronted and asked for more they refused. Asked for extra sauce, received some that was cold and tasted nothing like what was on the pasta .. total disappointment and I hyped my friends up to come here ... next time to will be going to Jordan Johnson's!
I saw great reviews on here so I decided to check it out but unfortunately it did not live up to the reviews. I was beyond let down. The food was pretty tasty but extremely overpriced for what you got. (Poor presentation, bland rice, paper napkins) Our appetizers arrived at the table cold and only about 5 minutes before our meal came out.  The seafood boat was pretty good but it was a cold.  I had the Montego Bay Salmon and  it was the smallest piece of salmon for the most expensive price I've ever paid for salmon eating out.  The service was horrible.  From the hostess to the general manager everyone had extremely poor distasteful attitudes, and they were extremely unprofessional (Took the GM about 20mins to finally come over to our table after the server told him I had complaint). The upstairs lounge was well decorated but I was forced to leave after 5 minutes upstairs due to an unruly fight between patrons. Overall I'd never go back and I would not recommend this place to anyone. If you're looking for dinner and dancing I'd suggest Time (Sansom between broad and 13th) Carribean Food I'd try Ron's Caribbean Cuisine.
Ok. So we were in Philly to celebrate my sister's big 4-0 and after an amazing Ben Franklin Yacht party, we ventured through the what appeared to be the sports bar/restaurant scene, and finally landed at The Reef. 
With a Caribbean theme, and very lites space, the Reef is a very popular spot on South 3rd street, especially for late night munchies and dining. The Bartenders were so nice and accommodating. The host and hostesses were NOT friendly, mostly because they were at capacity. There is a dance floor, but to access the "VIP" you had to pay 10.00 or have dinner. 

Well, my sister and I ate at the bar because it was faster service, but we apparently did not ea enough or spend enough, subsequently, we weren't initially allowed to go up to the dance floor!! Crazy, right? 
We had to show our hand stamps to the very kind bouncers perched on the stairs, lol...

Overall,y suggestion to you is GET THERE EARLY. 
The food is amaze-balls, prices are reasonable and the DJ ok, especially if you enjoy the island-like atmosphere.
Me and my wife decided to come here because we both love Caribbean food. However, my experience was terrible. To start off I had the waitress spilled my drink on me, and did nothing but wipe the table off. I would've been satisfied with a free drink or some money off the bill. The food wasn't even worth the price, I won't be going back here again.
Excellent catering! They were able to accomodate me at the last minute when another restaurant canceled. The jerk chicken was delicious - good amount spice/heat and tender. The rice and peas were seasoned perfectly. Minus one star for management, they seemed a bit unorganized.  But they were very pleasant and apologized for their mishaps.
The food comes in very nice sized portions but its just ok its not great.  Even my Island native friends all said its "a-right" 
But the music is good and the club scene upstairs is cool.
Also the drinks were on point not watered down and not too strong.
I was in town visiting family over the Christmas day weekend, and it was suggested that we check this place out. 

Im happy we did! The food was great. The jerk wings were awesome and the young lady who served us was nice as well. 

If I'm in town ill definitely be returning.
Worst place to come for reggae or drinks... they don't respect a quality woman in sneakers
Some of the best prepared Caribbean food I've ever had!! If you love the Flavor of Jamaica please come here!! The oxtails were tender and fantastic and the Rasta pasta is to die for!!!
Starting off with the positive, the food is excellent here! I have never been disappointed by the quality of anything I've ordered here. Because the food is just so good, I elevated this from what I originally thought would be a 2-star review. 

On to the bad and mediocre... The last time I dined here, I sat at the bar and the bartender was extremely weeded. I felt bad for her. She was all over the place making over-the-top ridiculous drinks (not her fault). I watched her make countless different sugary pitchers, at one point even having to slide out a freezer and scoop icecream. The drink menu has her set to fail! By the time she even took my order, she informed me they were out of two of the things I asked her. I got my appetizer and entree at the same time, which sucked because my entree was cold by the time I got to it. And she never got me a second drink, which was disappointing because I was planning on having a few. I left as soon as I finished eating, instead of staying to have another drink or two. 

A final note, they add 18% gratuity to every check. I actually don't mind this, because I would never stiff a server, but I think it's more a reflection on their clientele than anything. Actually, I added a little more out of pity. I hope she finds a better bar job.
The food is just okay, merely edible.  This restaurant got a big okay from me.  When we entered, there was no one to greet us.  Instead the bartender called out to us, and gave us our menus, which we had to bring to a table of our choice.  We decided to sit outside.  The lighting on the inside was too blue for me.  Our waitress was very sweet and accommodating.  She tried her best to make our experience as best as it could be.  My boyfriend ordered the oxtail.  It was very bland and salty, not a welcome paradox.  I cook better at home.  The jerk chicken was an entire half chicken smothered in sauce and it was indeed dry.  The waitress informed me that they cook it at 3 PM outside on the grill so it is authentic.  I guess six hours of sitting round didn't do much for the quality of the food.  I won't be going back here.  I hope to find a better Jamaican restaurant in Philly.
really enjoy the dance lessons on tuesday nights. it's a great place to practice bachata and salsa. the drinks are reasonable and i didn't get to try the food but the salsa environment is great
The atmosphere is really nice! The staff needs work. We walked in and were just being starred at.... Nobody asked to seat us or anything. Then when we asked to seat ourselves the response was ughhhh go ahead. We went for the crabs (all you eat) and margaritas. The crabs were great but you had to order shrimp or crabs one at a time. The drinks were terrible. I really wouldn't go back cause our bill was hefty and we were only satisfied with the crabs! Oh and no sauce at all for shrimps!!!!!
I was extremely disappointed in the service99 that was given by the manager of this restaurant. We are not from philly but this place came highly recommended and it did not stand up to its reputation. The food was not good but that wasn't the worst part. I was willing to overlook it but to have non authentic Jamaican food and bad customer service its deplorable. I will never come back here. But I'll offer them one tip, which is to train the wait staff to introduce themselves when coming to a table, and also have the hostess in the front at all times after all they should be in the front. No matter what's going on in the restaurant they should be able to still accommodate their customers. Whether you have a party of 25 guests or not.
It's a Lil Late but after attending Martin's performance at Temple we found this lil Jem love love love it!! Awesome spot for a nice drink. The bartenders were AWESOME the food was great and the upstairs bar area was a super time!!!
We came here for the dancing lessons on Tuesday night, fun times! For $5 we got an hour lesson, from 8:20-9:20. In the beginning everyone did basic steps, and then the guys got in a large circle in the middle and the girls outside of them, so every move you would switch partners and rotate. The salsa was challenging but fun, lots of new as well as seasoned people there. Fun thing to do for a Tuesday!
The drinks are wonderful. The service was good and the good was hot and delicious. I enjoyed the atmosphere and music. We went on a Friday night. Very lively and upbeat.
I did a night out  at Reef with a big party and we requested separate bills . We were told that they don't do separate bills because the customers take advantage and the wait staff are overworked....  
 It was a slow night ... My Guest and I should have been accommodated by at least two servers since some of them were standing around doing nothing while we had a young waitress whom we ran completely crazy  because like I said we were a big party of people ... I applaud her  for her patience !  In the end she brought a bill over 500 bucks including almost 80 in gratuity and we were left to figure out who ordered what ! Some of us were frustrated and we argued amongst one another... eventually we figured it out and paid the bill ... only after we became so frustrated that some of us paid more .... now ....I know your probably going to say "blame your party" BUT if they would have given us separate checks as requested we would have avoided the embarrassment of others looking in our direction as we fussed with one another about who owed what ....  
the food was OK .... the service was a little off ... I got the sense of a lazy OVERWORKED environment. And THATS NOT FAIR TO the customers.
After reading the reviews I figured I try it out ! Plus I was in the mood for some Caribbean cuisine & reggae music ! First of all, let me tell you how me & my cousin ordered plantains.They were so soggy & greasy ! Plus the one I ate tasted like onions REALLY ! My Oxtails were gross, so disappointed ! I literally only ate the green beans 
Never again, sorry!
The lounge upstairs was okay! I just wished the dj had a better selection of songs
No no and no, easy to make dry chicken and drown in sauce and call it jerk. The bathrooms are disgusting and the Mac and cheese oily and dry which I didn't think was possible.
Food was excellent and the service was amazing. My waitress Kamara was very pleasant and attentive to my table. She was very helper with the menu. My glass of water refills was always prompt. I ordered the wings, cabbage and garlic potatoes and it was delicious! Veggies seasoned just right. Wings crispy and mashed was garlicky and tasty
I sat at the bar with a couple friends.
The bartender was nice & made great suggestions on drinks . The food was good!!!! 
Only thing bad is parking but that's to be expected downtown.
My services was cool. At a private party... The bartender was not supported and had a lack of supplies. She had to use her phone to call for more supplies. SMH. So I ordered food to go and left my platter untouched. Called the manager later to request the Food I left and he was very rude and told me he couldn't give me the food or the credit. Bad business! After talking to him about how unhappy I was.. I told him I would write a bad review everywhere I can... He hung up.
Surprisingly this spot is DOPE! I loved the food, the music, the ambience, just everything. It is set up sooooo nicely inside. I went for dinner on a friday. I can't wait to try caribbean night. I can only imagine how dope that music will sound.
Unlimited crab legs are advertised from 4pm-10pm on Mondays. We get there around 8pm & stand around waiting for about 30 min for a table. Before we are seated, we are told that they don't have "enough" crab legs for new guests. Wtf kind of bs is that?? & why wouldn't the presumed manager not say that instead of hAving us wait 30min for a table. The server offered 1 free drink for "our troubles." I would've left but my friend wanted to try their food, which is ok but their servers are pretty slow & the tight tables allowed us to hear the adjoining guests complaining about the same thing. It sucks bc they need to advertise from 4pm-8pm if there is going to be a cut off time. Their crab & spinach dip is amazing, when it's available lol
This is one of my favorite Caribbean food places. I went with my boyfriend and he enjoys the food and the vibes.
The reef has great food and is also a club. The crab fried rice is just ok but the sweet chili wings are awesome. Drinks are good.
Me and my girlfriends went there around 1:30pm and only a handful of people were in there. The environment was cool.. and the music made you want to wine!  We were greeted and seated towards the kitchen. We all ordered the rum punch and I ordered Oxtail , Rice, Plantains,  Mac & Cheese and Cabbage. (Yes I'm greedy) i waited for 35 minutes for my food..  never came but the waitress kept telling me its coming soon.. 15 more min goes by and I'm about ready to go. . My parking meter was expiring and I was cranky. As soon as I was going to ask for my check that's when my plate came and all my complaining went out the door!!!! The oxtail was seasoned to perfection & falling off the bone.. it was more meat than bone which I loved! The cabbage was average but the mac & cheese and Plantainsssss....heaven sent!! The portions was just right.  I left stuffed and satisfied! ! I also tried my homegirls Rasta pasta. ... so good!! The crab cakes were good too! I'm getting that next time visit!!! Great date night place only if u go early or by 9pm or you will be waiting. . I hear they have reggae nights upstairs on Fridays. My only complaint is waiting for the food but its worth it.
This restaurant has a nice view for people watching those partying and having a good time near and on South Street.  The menu was a fairly nice Caribbean mix however the service was extremely slow. Once I was waited on I only ordered small items, I was frustrated at the time and I just want to place an order to get a feel or taste for the food.  I ordered jerk shrimp and a quesadillas they both were very good however the service was so slow. We wanted drinks but we cut our losses ate the food and went elsewhere!.
Stumbled upon this place, located right off of South St. Went on a Saturday night, and sat at the bar. The bar tender was super attentive and let's just say she has a very loose wrist when she was pouring drinks.  She even gave out drinks on the house.  Ordered food, had the seafood platter which was also good, and came out in a timely fashion.
First time here and the oxtails were dynamic. I wanted more!!! Their drinks are very good too. My wife got their short ribs, that was tender and simply delicious. We will come back for sure.
Always have a great time when I visit!  Side-bar: don't bother making a reservation-they will have no idea what you are talking about-lol. Great Caribbean food-strong drinks (the liquid weed is awesome). Good vibe. Enjoy!
Why is it so damn loud in here?
My date and I came here during the week, it was a first for the both of us.  We gave up on trying to have a conversation and just stared at one another. Anyway,  the food was decent,  nothing to call back to California about, the prices matched the quality of food. I had the short ribs, I should have ordered the ox tails, but the kitchen staff looked like they were taking no extra requests that night because they were "ret ta go". The drinks were....drinkable. I wasn't impressed,  but I wasn't paying either so..yeah. It's worth it to check out if you're in the area and hungry.
Shout out to the best bartender in all of Philly! It's rare that I go into a bar midday and get the service I experienced when visiting Philly a few weeks ago. The bartender's name escapes me (sorry, gal!) but she was super knowledgable about the drink offering and made a killer rum punch. Reef's drink menu is pretty large, so I was grateful for the bartender's help in figuring out what drink will work best for my mood. The music was also really good, and after a few cocktails, I found myself singing along to the tunes. I can't speak for the food, but I can 100% vouch for the drinks. I initially had a Capri Sun -- and then switched over to something with a little more of a kick. Looking forward to taking another trip out to Reef Restaurant when I return to Philly.
Went here with a few friends one night after we decided to do a sip and paint night.

We came her to just order appetizers and drinks, I must say it was my first time here and I will be back.

They had this one drink that tasted like a jolly rancher candy, and the shrimp appetizers we had was delicious as well.

There are other food items that I want to definitely try.

Giving a five star for the service the food and the drinks and the bartenders were nice and friendly.
The crab cakes were not worth $20! They tasted like tuna fish! Definitely not a lump crab cake! 
The curry chicken was delicious! The ribs were not falling off the bone...a bit on the rubbery side!
Went there for my bday and I really enjoyed it. This my second time visiting this place. Food and drink is great jerk salmon and Rasta pasta is delicious I would recommend this spot.
I  ordered a Red Snapper Entre and was given a different type of fish that was not Red Snapper. The fish was also extremely small, a little rectangle piece of fish that was not Red Snapper. I sent the fish back and was able to order a different entre, the Jerk Chicken, which was fairly good. The service was extremely slow, our waiter was very forgetful and did not move with no sense of urgency. Everything she brought over to the table she forgot who it was for: the food, the drinks, sauce, the take-out trays. She did not put any effort into her job, it was as if she just did not care because she knew she was already getting a tip due to gratuity being 18% for a party of 4. Well when it was time to pay, we gave the waitress $120.00 in cash and asked her put $38 on the card. If she would have put the $38 on the card and brought back the change everything would have been fine. Instead she put $36.00 on the card. The bill totaled $149.00 and we gave her $156.00, $120+$36. She did NOT bring the change back. We were going to give her an additional tip to her original gratuity of $22.00, but she did not even make an effort to give us our change. Granted it was only $7.00, BUT she did not attempt to give us our change. We waited for her to come back to pick up the receipt, but she never came back so I went to go find her. She was sitting in the booth in the back on the right-hand side with her feet kicked up on the seat and on her phone. I told her there was some calculation errors because we gave her $120 in cash and $36 on the card. She responded "Oh, I thought that was my tip". I told her, "You're supposed to bring the customer their change and then let them give you the tip" She responds, "Usually when it's a small amount the customer will tell me to just keep it". She pulled out the change and did not even have to count it because it was our change.  No staff member should ever keep someone else's money due to them "thinking" that a CUSTOMER'S money is a small amount. Nor should they go back and forth with a customer over THEIR money. The overall experience was very unpleasant, being a business off South St. I expected this establishment to be of good service.
My #1 spot to enjoy amazing Jamaican food. Drinks are always done right and strong. Food is amazing and the atmosphere is always fun and exciting. The rum punch is a must have, my advice is to drink slow!
Great food. Great atmosphere. Absolutely great service! Would definitely recommend if you're looking for Caribbean cuisine
I like the decor of this place but I'm not a fan of their food... It almost seemed to be over seasoned and over cooked... Restaurant was clean... It seems like they took pride in the presentation of the place... The service was ok, the waitress wasn't too knowledgable about the menu but she was cute so I guess she gets a pass for some... The crowd was a bit too "ghetto" for my liking... There were a lot of women there and they all just seemed too bitter... BUT the drinks were very good... I absolutely loved the strawberry shortcake drink... The bartender was pleasant... After sending my meal back I settled for the rasta pasta with chicken and shrimp... It was edible but not great... If you're looking for a place to eat try somewhere else but if you want great drinks and a place to watch the game then this is your place!!!
Horrible service, by far the worst experience I've ever experienced. We came in for dinner. First they forgot to get us a server finally we flagged someone down and Waited 45 minutes for water/ another twenty minutes for our first round of drinks ( at this point we were fed up and decided to leave after the drink. We were told that we had to order food to be seated so I said that's fine I'll look at the menu the server came back two minutes later to tell we can't order. No sense of concern about their lack of disrespect. The place was not busy at all. Lazy unprofessional staff.  

 Reef of Philadelphia.
I wouldn't say this is a lounge, it's basically a restaurant with a bar. Didnt stay to check out the food because we eat a lot of carribean food at home in NY. We expected a lounge type of vibe but didn't really find that here. Staff could be a bit more informative and friendly. We saw a bar upstairs and asked about it and was given a simple answer "yea there's a bar upstairs" so we preceeded to go and we were stopped. Like come on, why did you think we asked? And why not explain to us why we couldn't enter, after it all it about 9pm...
Customer service was good and the bartender accommodated my friends special requests for drinks. The wings are very good and one of the best things on the menu. Don't waste your money on the oxtail here. It's over priced and not that good and such small servings! It's better and cheaper to get it at an authentic Jamaican spot.
A wonderful black owned restaurant with many pescatarian options. We sat in the back patio. It's really cute. 18% gratuity is automatically added to all checks when dining out there. We started with the crab cake appetizer which was really good. My partner got the shrimp appetizer with a side of rice and peas as his entree. I liked his shrimp better than my salmon. The shrimp were perfectly grilled and seasoned. The cabbage is so tasty! Order a side of jerk sauce tho because the rice needs it.
