I can find Jamaican food and other Caribbean restaurants pretty easily in my area, but the food and service at RRV knocks those places out of the park. The woman who took our order was very friendly and accommodating.

FOOD:
Oxtails Stew w/ 2 Sides ($14): Tasty and tender oxtails! For the sides, we asked for rice and beans and fried plantains. The meat easily came off the bone, and since the oxtails were served atop a generous serving of rice and beans, the gravy and drippings made the latter even more flavorful. Although the plantains here are not as sweet or soft as the fried plantains in South American cuisine, I still thought it was pretty good. Taste wise, everything was seasoned well and made for a filling dinner.

Jerk Chicken w/ 2 Sides ($11): Really good jerk chicken! The jerk sauce was a great balance between tangy and spicy, so I'm thankful and glad the owner was kind enough to include extra sauce on the side. Even without the extra sauce, the tender pieces of chicken are already flavorful--especially the skin.

As for the sides, I opted for the mac and candied yams. I don't think I've ever been so enamored with a side dish, but holy cow--those candied yams were legit! The mac was okay, but I'd probably go with the green beans next time. We also bought a couple of unique Jamaican drinks at $2/ea.

I can't think of anything to complain about. The food was delicious, the servings were generous, and the service is friendly. They have a handful of tables inside, too. I'll be back.
Too notch Jamaican food .... lots of vegetarian options.   I love this place ........
Tasty!  We were in the area for our sons football games and had some time in between games to find a good bite to eat.  We had a taste for Jamaican and this place didn't disappoint.  We tried the oxtails with rice and cabbage as sides, the jerk chicken cheese steak and the kids had a regular cheese steak. A nice little spot, it was packed with locals purchasing lunch (which is a good thing) and everything was tasty.  I'll keep them on my list for when I'm in the area.
First of all I love this place and I'm thrilled to have a quality Jamaican joint in my neighborhood.  The atmosphere inside is warm and clean and the vibes are strong... All the staff are delightful positive people and the food is excellent!!  Their Jerk Chicken is fantastic... Perfectly done... Rice & Peas are always fresh and moist, properly cooked.  And where as many Jamaican restaurants seem to be out of 3/4 of their menu by the time you're ready for dinner, this place always has a good selection, even when they're close to closing.  Just tonight, I called them five minutes before closing, and ordered two platters... They were heaping with hot, fresh, flavorful food.  They were happy to pour some extra oxtail gravy over the rice and throw in a couple of extra ramekins of jerk sauce.  The homemade ginger brew was also a treat, I love that stuff!!!

Bottom line, I love the food and I'm very much looking forward to eating here for years to come!!!
Knew i had come to the right place as i walked up and smelled that smoke a half block away.  You know, that perfect smoke you get from a proper jerk grill.  

My nose didn't fail me.

From the Excellent peas and rice to the Luscious Callaloo, Sides were on point.  Plantains were just sweet enough and perfectly cooked. 

Jerk chicken was just right. Crunchy but soft moist skin, meat falling off the bone. Cooked through but still moist. Delicious. 

Great oxtail. Proper oxtail stew.  The juices over the peas and rice put it over the top. 

Add the dg champagne kola and ginger beer in the fridge to make it feel more like the islands and even a cup of fresh homemade ginger brew to fix whatever ails you and it's a home run! 

Couple tables inside or perfect for takeout, either way, reggae Reggae Vibes will have you feelin irie.
This place is a hidden gem! The small platters are a pretty good portion and they are pretty generous with their sides. 

I got the jerk chicken platter with mac and cheese and plantains and my boyfriend got the oxtail stew platter with mac and cheese and cabbage. We also got a side of rice and beans. 

The jerk chicken was spicy but not overpowering, and definitely tender! The oxtail is where it's at though. The meat fell off the bone and it was SOOOOO tender. If I had to eat that only forever, I probably could. It was so flavorful and melted right in your mouth.

The mac and cheese was okay, but not terrible. I wish it had more flavor, but the meats definitely made up for it! The rice and beans tasted more herbal/spice filled than I typically like, but it was good. The cabbage was also soft and tender but not mushy. 

I will definitely have to go back here and order the large oxtail stew platter!
If you want some authentic, delicious Jamaican food made with a lot of lovin', this is your place. If you don't know where to eat tonight, this is your place, if you want to satisfy your tastebuds, this is your place. As a West Indian with a parent from Jamaica, it was quite a treat to eat here.i know good Jamaican food when I come across it.  I was very pleased. I will definitely go there again. I ordered the jerk chicken with rice and peas.
I have been on a hunt to find a good Jamaican spot ever since my brothers in laws cooked us some authentic Jamaican food for Christmas (it was amazinggg) anyways, I figured I try this place. I thought it was okay. I ordered the oxtails w/ fried plantain and rice & peas. The oxtail was disappointing, the rice and peas were okay and I can't really judge the plantains since we ordered on ubereats (the plantains were soggy) Not worth what you pay and I didn't even finish it. 
BUT We also ordered Boston jerk chicken w/ Mac and cheese & candied yams, it was good! We ended up sharing that. 
Maybe before the pandemic this place was decent because I see good ratings. I understand the challenges that restaurants are facing so I would try it again. Just not soon.
If I could give this place zero stars I would! My boyfriend and I went here for takeout recently. We ordered chicken and beef patties, a platter of mac and cheese, cabbage, curry chicken and an order of jerk wings. The food was average at best. My curry chicken was dry and the chicken had tons of those little bones that you can swallow and choke on if not paying attention. Now I understand one or two of those but this was more like two every bite. The mac and cheese was okay but nothing special and the cabbage was crunchier than I prefer, like they didn't let it stew long enough. The beef patties were fine but the chicken ones were bland. We ordered via phone in advance and were told that our order would be ready in 30-40 minutes. We arrived an hour after placing our order and we still had to wait 10 minutes while they finished our food.

But the worst part of the experience is that I am fairly certain Reggae Reggae Vibes stole our credit card information!! This is the only place outside of our normal vendors where we used the card this month. Literally a week after swiping our card at this restaurant our credit card company contacted us about a fraudulent charge made at a local home improvement store. Needless to say we will not patronize this establishment again and caution anyone who decides to eat here against using a debit or credit card.
I was happy when I finally found a Caribbean spot around my way. I didn't know it exists. They were very nice and service was quick. I ordered the ox tails, greens and sweet potatoes. The only thing really lacking is season. When I got home, I added more sugar and cinnamon to my potatoes, and other seasonings to my greens and ox tails. The food was still good and the portion gets an A plus. Next time I will try the jerk chicken.
So this is becoming my favorite quick weekend take out place. The food is cooked per order. They have an open kitchen, so you can see your food cook. The kitchen seems reasonably clean for a take out place. They have a small seating area. You place your order, grab your seat and eat. Chilled Caribbean music playing in the background. The place does get very busy during the peak hours. Also, it is BYOB..yeah...
Now for the food. The food is delicious. The seasoning adds flavor to the food. I see that they will be selling their jerk sauces soon. Have tried their goat curry, chicken curry, and jerk chicken entrees, and have enjoyed all. Never been disappointed.
Recommend this place if you have not already tried it.
THIS PLACE IS A HIDDEN GEM!!!!!!!!!!!!!

I live legit around the block and heard it from my UBER DRIVER after he picked me up that I should this place. 

LET ME TELL YOU TO LET ME TELL YOU....OH MY GOD!!

Their jerk chicken is AMAZING. It's fall off the bone! Now I can eat, A LOT but as far as sizing goes here - get the small! It's about half a chicken and 2 sides. 

I also had their oxtail stew and again, fall of the bone AMAZING. A great way to try their different meats is to get the Weekend Sampler! The Curry Goat was also very good but the other two knock this out of the water. 

As far as sides go, the garlic green beans are great! So are the yams, rice and beans and corn!! Their mac and cheese is so good but it does have a smoky taste to it and me personally, I don't like that but my husband loves theirs!

You're going to be obsessed with this place! Oh and it's on Ubereats :)
Off day maybe? With such great reviews I'm very surprised my food just wasn't up to par. The curry shrimp had almost no flavor, when I added seasoning it was ok to eat. The Mac and cheese HORRIBLE, barely any cheese and separated over cooked noodles. The cabbage was good but that's literally it. I probably wouldn't give this place another shot.
Please have their famous jerk chick and steak cheesesteaks! I always ask for extra jerk on the side and they never up charge me. If you like spicy fast and a fun take on cheesesteaks you will not be disappointed
Their jerk chicken made in a "drum" is spectacular and fills the neighborhood with an intoxicating aroma.

Beef short ribs were good as well.
Delicious!

I would like to say I'm a woos when it comes to spice, but that would be over exaggerating. Flavor I like--food so spicy it heats up your mouth, throat and sinus I do not like . Luckily, this place offers the former! 

Came her on my sister's suggestion and the parallel parking gods ordained this the lunch spot after some power shopping. The place has maybe 4 tables and a large order in window. During our time we were the only party to dine in but Uber Eats was keeping them busy with at least 5 pick ups in an hour. 

We ordered 4 different sides: mac and cheese, greens, string beans, and sweet potatoes. Each were delicious! The string beans were roasted in garlic and just soft enough. The mac and cheese was clearly baked and had all the melty cheese you know you want, but don't deserve. And the baked sweet potatoes could be eaten like chips. Our large entrees were more than enough food and allowed for ample sharing. I asked for mild sauce and the tender chicken had  all the flavor of well seasoned and loved home cooking, but none of that esophagus burn used to mask bland dishes. 

Visit this place because it is delicious and come back because you have an addiction.
Have driven past this place so many times and finally got a chance to try the food for the first time last night. Ordered pick up - went HAM and ordered 1 pound of jerk chicken and basically 90% of the sides... don't judge, this fed two hungry adults generous dinner portions plus leftover lunches the next day. 

The flavoring and spice level of the jerk chicken were super satisfying. Favorite sides, hands down, were the cabbage and rice & peas (with gravy). These sides were the perfect complement to the chicken - add in some collard greens and you've got yourself a 10/10 meal.

Very excited to make this a more regular take out spot. Reggae Reggae- keep doing your thing and bringing this delicious food to the community in Philly.
Incredible! 

Okay, now that I've got your attention, let me explain why this is my new go-to for the summer. I've never had Jamiacan food before, but the reviews were pretty awesome and it's between work and home. The parking is pretty good and I didn't have any trouble finding a spot. 

I go in and look at the menu, look at the Yelp reviews, and decide to with the recommended Jerk Chicken with Mac and Cheese and Peas and Rice (peas being beans). I also opted for a beef meat pie (they were only $2 and I was curious). I got the small jerk chicken, not knowing their portion sizes and whether it was going to be good. The large is $12. When ordering, I asked for it spicy and with extra gravy (it's apparently ox tail gravy). 

The woman at the front desk was nice, the food came out quickly, and the atmosphere was pleasant. No complaints. 

Well, when I got home and tried the food, I am telling you I was shocked at how absolutely delicious it was. I will break it down by item, so let's start with the chicken. The jerk chicken (both wings and thighs I think...so all dark meat, which I love) were so juicy, so flavorful, and the perfect amount of spicy. Rememer, I got the spicy kind. When I picked up a wing, the meat literally fell off the bone. 

The peas a rice with gravy were...just so good. I need to learn what their recipe is and steal it for my own personal use. This mixture has the slightest hint of coconut in it that's so subtle that I thought I made it up, but it's true. It is definitely there and just so delicious and complimentary. 

The mac and cheese looked disappointing at first. I am used to mac and cheese that is quite cheesier than what I saw. However, I was not disappointed. The flavor was buttery and complimented the dish so well. I am actually glad it wasn't cheesier or more flavorful, it would have overpowered the meat and rice. 

The meat pie was definitely a flavor I didn't expect, but very good. It was savory but not spicy, and the crust was thick and flaky and not dry at all, despite not being a very buttery flavor. 

Overall, the quantity (it was huge and I had to eat some later), quality of flavors, convenience, and price make this an absolute win in Philadelphia. Philly foodies take note: this is a place to go. 

I will absolutely be back...maybe next week.
My go to place for rice and beans. Went there today and the lady at the counter was extremely pleasant. Had the pepper steak with rice and beans. For 12 bucks, you can't beat it as they give you a ton of food. Will be visiting often.
Can only base this on my uber eats order, with that being said anyone who loves jamaican food knows callaloo is where it's AT but also know it's hard to find GOOD callaloo. This place has got it down to a science, perfectly seasoned (not too much salt which is common) not overcooked and basically took me back to when I was eating callaloo in St. Ann Parish in Jamaica. Definitely will order again. Note: snapper and veg patties where also amazing
Oxtails are proper, basically the only place left in the neighborhood to get decent ones.
Rd the hype is real finally got down there and probably the best 8 dollars I spent in along time. 
I got the famous jerk chicken cheesesteak, I'll start by sayin best jerk flavor I had in awhile, Ima cook and my own jerk doesn't hold to this. 
I'll be returning soon I can see this being a habit
I ended up ordering the stewed chicken with beans and rice and plantains. The chicken was great and the sauce js amazing. Beans and rice were good and plantains were made perfectly. I would recommend calling ahead since they strictly offer takeout at the window. The woman who works there is really friendly. I will be back again!
Signature Jerk Chicken Cheesesteak!! Holy Reggae Batman!! It was Friday. I was cranky, hungry and coming off 2 bad cheesesteaks. Reggae Reggae Vibes Signature Jerk Chicken Cheesesteak sounded like everything I wanted and needed. And it was!! This was pretty freaking awesome!! And inexpensive. The man ordering after me was so happy he started dancing. I was going to film him but I wasn't sure how it would be received. Love this place!!
Ok- trying to figure where to start. Went off most of the reviews here because they seemed legit. So I decide to order through uber eats. Food was perfectly Caribbean. 

I had the jerk chicken-requested extra sauce. Can't really tell if they gave me extra, but what I have is enough. Platter is fitting for the round about $9 cost. Actually it's pretty large. The chicken is moist and flavorful. Cabbage is the best I've had in some time. The rice seems to be authentic and not the cheap rice you find at some other establishments. Overall 10 for me. Let me say again. The food is very robustly flavored. You could even say mildly spicy, but all in a good way. If you like spice, your in luck. I'll definitely order again, and try something different each time! I also ordered the homemade fruit punch-man listen! Give me a beach hat and some tequila because that juice had me right in st. Thomas! lol! Great food-hope you enjoy as much as I did!

Ps-food was still hot when it got to me!
Location was small and it felt a lot like Jamaica (not that I actually know what that feels like...).  

Ordered the jerk chicken cheesesteak. Well tastes like....jerk chicken cheese steak.  Well the thing about cheese steak is that the melty cheese flavor is so powerful it tends to eclipse the other tastes. Still learning what jerk chicken is supposed to taste like but it was pretty tasty. Hoagie itself was fine but nothing crazy.  Slightly cool to touch. I think a slight toasting of the bread would really enhance the sandwich.  The side of pineapple (salsa?) was a good complement to the food.  The sweet and sour really help enhance the flavors and clean the palate. 

Tropical punch was pretty good for $2. Not overly sweet with some decent acidity. Fullish body. Tastes like real juice to me. 

Good qpr. Would come back.
This restaurant has the best Jamaican food this side of Heaven. I came here last week, being from NYC, and was blown away! Everything was excellent from start to finish! I threatened to come back and the owner laughed! Then when she saw me again, she had a smile from ear to ear! Beautiful food; beautiful people! This will be my home away from home! If I cold give them 10 stars, I would! I highly recommend this place! You can Thank me later or when you come and visit because I'll
Most definitely be close by. You guys are the best and the food is off the meat rack!!!!
I'm not supposed to be so hyped about cheesesteaks not made with beef. After all, a cheesesteak without beef simply isn't a cheesesteak. One bite out of the jerk chicken cheesesteak from this spot and you won't care what they should call it, as long as we can all have more of it.

The folks here are friendly and stayed open past midnight to get our 5 jerk chicken cheesesteaks from the grill to our bellies. And in my ongoing love affair with good sauces, their jerk sauce is so good I practically drank it by itself and made sure to ask for extras to go. They served up a jerk sauce-dipped corn on the cob for good measure to one of my comrades and despite the napkin hitting his eyes often, he scarfed it down happily.

With my hometown having no shortage of solid Caribbean food spots, it speaks volumes that my peoples and I made a point to stuff our faces here. Bottom line, this spot needs to become synonymous with the Philadelphia experience immediately.
This is the real deal: delicious homestyle meals made by a caring family. One of the best spots I'm the area. Support them!
Just went here for the first time; food was amazing!  I had the veggie burger and my boyfriend had the jerk chicken - we both loved our food.  The staff is extremely nice and they gave my boyfriend a piece of chicken fresh off the grill while we were eating.  Fried plantains were bomb.  It's super casual and we'll definitely be grabbing takeout or heading back there soon!
My boyfriend and I really enjoyed this place. The food is delicious and the service is great. I had the jerk chicken with plantains and collard greens. He had the goat with plantains and mac and cheese. We brought our own beer and they offered us glasses and an opener. Everything was brought out from the kitchen on a literal silver platter. We will definitely return!
Glad to have this place in the neighborhood! I was admittedly a little apprehensive due to the odd signage on the front, but once inside, the place has a great feel. Warm, clean, and smells great. Got some takeout with a few friends. Service was super fast and the portions were generous. The flavors were on point, and everything was cooked perfectly. Keep it up guys! I will be back.
Not the best jamiacan place in the city but definately not the worst. Standard Jamican food and pretty good taste levels and prices. The thing that puts this one above the rest is the jerk cheesesteak, which was intriguing but far better than I thought. Also, unlike alot of Jamiacan places, their staff is really friendly. Definately bookmarked for when I do venture into the city.
Best Jamaican food ever . Having eaten from a lot of Jamaican restaurants in Brooklyn , I'd have to rank this above them all . Jerk chicken was really exceptional tender and not dry and salty which is the demise of many spots . Sides are equally as good particularly the Mac and cheese and plantains .
The Mrs and I have driven by so many times...finally went in and was totally worth it. Owner was super inviting. He let us try a few small items before ordering. Food was awesome. Can't wait to go back. Service was excellent. Place was super clean.
My boyfriend and I have been wanting to come here for a while now and we finally made it. SO HAPPY we did! We bond over our love of food and Reggie Reggie Vibes did not leave us disappointed. Their greens are to DIE for and everything else is right on par! The gentlemen greeted us both with smiles and we're extremely helpful in suggesting favorites. They even offered us a sample prior to ordering! We loved the food, atmosphere and staff. We will definitely be back.
So i went before closing last night and i gotta say the service went really well. I was unsure how the food would taste because I'm from NY and i just wasn't sure of any valid Jamaican restaurants in philly. Anyway i had jerk chicken and rice and peas. I ordered a small. My plate was a hefty little plate lol. It was also made with love. I ordered the spicy and it was actually spicy..anyway will definitely be returning!!
The curry chicken is full of flavor, the meat is tender. I took a star down because the container was leaking. It's a styrofoam container. They should put it in a plastic container.

Sides: steamed cabbage is tender but not soggy.

Plantain: perfectly cooked 


Candied yam: delicious, flavor is on point. Perfect compliment with the jerk or stew.

Pineapple salsa is fresh and gives some sweet and refreshing touch to the spicy dishes 

Beef patty: nice size. Not dry at all and has spicy kick in it

Chicken stew: tender and very flavorful with enough sauce so that it's not dry. I had mine with plantain and yam. The plantain soaked up the sauce to add flavor to it.

Both the curry and stew have very generous spice.
No way on earth a Jamaican is cooking this food! I am Jamaican and the curry chicken taste like nothing at all. Tastes like Americans trying to cook Jamaican.

Come on with this garbage
Cheesesteak and mac and cheese are awesome. The collards were good but not great. Will definitely be going back!
Had been craving Curried Salmon and stumbled upon this place... Didn't mind paying the $16.99 for the meal as I was expecting it to be great, also asked for extra curry gravy on my rice. Got home to a platter that was less than desirable the Salmon had no taste of curry at all and the rice had no gravy and was dry as heck!
If you love Jamaican food this is where u go PERIOD! And They're on Uber eats! To me personally I've  had jerk chicken just about everywhere around the town but this place beats them all i promises. The best jerk chicken in town!!! Falls off the bone smh. Keep up the good work guys!
This review is for the salmon. It's perfectly cooked with some herbs on it but not outstanding. It comes with slices of soft carrots. You can pick 2 sides. So far my favorite is the shrimp.
I am SO happy I finally tried this place after contemplating for almost 3 months. I'm a busy mom of three boys while running an online shop. SO things can get a bit hectic when there's over 50 orders to complete, package and ship out on weekly basis.

I find Ubereats and Doordash very convenient for me when I do not have time to cook. So finding a gem of a place like this really do make it worthwhile and money well spent to satisfy myself and my children.

I was kind of weary ordering from here because I had Jamaican food before from another establishment and all I can taste was MSG. I lived in Brooklyn for almost 9 years so I know great Jamaican food. And this place delivered 100%. Flavor was on point! My 6 yr old son ate the jerk chicken like it was nobody's business and he's my most pickiest child! The oxtail was so delicious that it took me back to my younger days in Brooklyn,NY savoring in the best oxtail with rice and peas. YUM!!


I would also like to add that I received two drinks for free and it was so refreshing. It will be great if they can add some jerk BBQ sauce for the jerk chicken so it can take the dish to another level especially with the rice and peas but other than that great service and great food.

Dang! It's been 10 years or so finding a good Caribbean restaurant  like this in NJ and Philly. I am very happy I did.

Until next time Reggae Reggae vibes.
Staff here was very friendly and gave off that family feel. Their welcome felt warm and inviting . I smelled the delicious bbq smoke a block away. 
I ordered the oxtail dish (came with two sides - i chose Mac and cheese with rice). The oxtail was great!! Tender and literally fell off the bone. 
Wasn't a fan of the rice (a bit biased as I don't like beans). I overheard them give the option of white rice but I was never given an option and so i wish I did. 
Other than that everything went well and i will return
I used to like this place until I found a ladybug in my kale!!!! Disgusting! I thought Jamaicans clean their food before cooking it???? I gave them another chance after they gave me spoiled green beans and undercooked yams with a previous order. I am very disappointed. I got this order thru Ubereats because I live all the way in south philly, and Ubereats is not cheap! Honestly I don't even want a replacement meal because now I don't trust how they clean any of their food.
I love this restaurant but they've been messing our order up lately.  I don't know why!?
We ordered lunch at work today.
We ordered Montego Bay Oxtails Stew and No Problem Curried Shrimp.
We ordered extra gravy for Oxtails which we were charged extra but did not receive.
We also ordered Candied Yams and cabbage with shrimp order which we received 2 sides of cabbage.
Generous portions and consistent, delicious food. I love the cabbage, boston jerk chicken, and collard greens-always my go to. I highly recommend this spot.
A staple in my take out list, this place is legit. Good food good prices and the portions of the side are great. I usually get the jerk chicken but honestly I've never had a bad order with them
Yum!! Have gotten large platters a couple times and greatly enjoyed the food. Large enough for dinner then a small lunch the following day. Slight preference for the brown stew chicken over jerk chicken, though the amount of bones was kinda rough. Mac and cheese has always been solid and I really liked the plantains even more then the yams, which surprised me!

Definitely would stick with the platters though. The jerk fries were embarrassingly bad... to look at and to taste, and jerk chicken cheesesteak wasn't exciting. 

Can be a pretty long wait but their estimates have been pretty accurate.
A friend and I were craving some Jamaican food and took a chance on this spot. The food was delicious! My jerk salmon was seasoned just right. I ended up making two meals out of it, there was so much food! I would visit again, but likely do takeout next time. Seating was limited and kind of cramped.
BBQ Beef Short Ribs 
Brown Stew 
Cabbage
Rice & Beans
Yams
We ordered lunch at work today.
Everything was delicious!
Portion size and quality of the Jamaican food here isn't what you'd hope for. Inconsistent flavors, but meat always tastes alright and the sides are okay. I wouldn't opt to grab a platter from here, but maybe the chicken.
I've been on a take-out kick of trying new-to-me restaurants and I'm glad I took a chance on Reggae Reggae Vibes. Jamaican food is known to be very spicy, but I found their food to be on the milder side. Still great smoke-y, grilled flavor! Also you get a lot of food for what it's worth. I wasn't able to finish all my food and had enough leftovers for a second meal.

+ FOOD/DRINK:

-Boston Jerk Chicken (Large): I think a large is definitely big enough to feed two people. I loved how you can taste the char on the meat. Like it's been either grilled or smoked. I liked that the meat isn't overly sauced and it was actually very juicy. Kinda of disappointed that the meat, though savory, didn't get that expected spicy kick. Not enough scotch bonnets? The spice level on this chicken is mild at best.

-Steamed Callaloo: Great to pair with the chicken. Not overly watery. Nicely seasoned. I would say get this side to cut down on the heaviness of the chicken.

-Fried Plantain: Very sweet. Sweeter than I expected plantains to be. If the slices weren't so large, I would have mistook these for fried banana. 

-Jamaican Patties (Beef): I loved this so much! A little more dough than beef filling, but a steal at only $3. The outside is crispy, dough is thick so not sogginess. Just a little oily, but the filling is well seasoned. 

-Tropical Punch: Very interesting mix of guava and pineapple? Refreshing and a great way to wash down all this food. Orders come in a standard 16oz size.

+PRICE: Well worth the price in my opinion. A lot more food than I was anticipating. With everything, I paid about $20 and had enough food for another meal. 

Overall: If you want to try dipping your toes in Jamaican food, I recommend trying out Reggae Reggae vibes. The food is bomb and I was very satisfied with my order.
