I'm not racist.  I swear I'm not.  Okay, maybe a little... but here is the truth.  I have been to MANY a black owned establishment, particularly restaurants, and I tend to leave with the feeling that my people still have some strides to make in the realm of overall customer satisfaction.  

Relish had me eating my words last night... along with quite a few other tasty dishes.  

Truth be told, some of my 5 star reviews of other restaurants should really be 4 1/2 star reviews, but that isn't an option here on Yelp.  Relish is a 5 star place through and through.  Here are the whys:

1. The reservation:  When I called for reservations the woman was polite and professional.  I highly recommend that you make reservations because who knows when we would have been seated otherwise.

2.  Ambiance:  Well, the place is just lovely.  Everything is beautifully and tactfully decorated, and it is apparent that the owners spared no expense.  For an additional fee you sit in the same room as the live jazz performer, but unless that's the only reason you came you can hear the music perfectly well from any other place in the restaurant.  

By the way, you don't want to show up here in sweats.  Jeans are fine, but you certainly would not feel out of place in something more upscale.

3. Service:  The servers were excellent until the very end when we waited quite a while for our check.  I never understand that.  Why would you fall apart right when we are deciding how much to tip?

4. Food:  MY GOODNESS!  My party of four ate the following items:

- turkey wings (x2)
- beef ribs
- southern fried chicken
- macaroni
- greens
- apple cornbread dressing

When you go, SOMEONE at your table should get those mean turkey wings.  An earlier reviewer described stale greens, but I must say we all loved the greens.  Everything else was tasty and worth ordering, but the cornbread dressing was a bit sweet for me.  Next time I'll get the greens instead.

As far as price, the dishes ranged from around 14 for a fried chicken dinner to 25 for lobster linguine.  This is definitely a good first date choice.
Relish is a soul food restaurant located in the West Oak Lane section of Philly.
I've been there many times and felt it was time to give them a review.
This is one place I really miss since everything has shut down.  I was more than excited when I got a email saying they were going to start having take out Thurs -Sun.

I ordered through Grubhub with no problem. 
We got 2 platters, Turkey wings ( 2 big ones), that came with sweet potato mash & collard greens & cabbage mixed. The 2nd one, Smoked bbq Brisket with the same sides. The Turkey wings were fall off the bone good and enough for another meal. The brisket was tender and a generous portion. They could have put a little more greens and cabbage on the platter though!
I loved the sweet potato mash as well. We also got a pan of honey butter cornbread,  which I feel they are famous for. So good! Sweet and buttery with kernels of corn in it! Forgot to mention the appetizer...... Honey Hot Wings! So gooood! Only complaint,  not enough for the price. You only get 6 :( for $12.95. But still very good!
My food came on time, still hot too!
We really enjoyed everything and ate on it for another meal!
Relish is a upscale, black owned and operated soul food restaurant that normally (when they open back up) is a very nice sit down restaurant.  They have live entertainment, Jazz, karaoke nights, nice bar and all you can eat breakfast and dinner buffets on the weekends. 
I would highly recommend Relish!
I placed an order using UberEATS for over $70 in food for dinner for my family. An hour and some odd minutes later the driver shows up with one dish in a bag of seafood mac and cheese. Sorry sir, look in your car that's not mine. He said, "ma'am we ask the restaurant before we leave. I have them the order number I was coming to pick up they gave me this and rushed me out. You would have to call the restaurant to resolve."

Ok fine! I call the restaurant and they pick up and they ask to put me on hold. I said no. Don't ask a question if you don't want an actual answer! So I explained my situation and he has to apparently get someone else. This situation is just oh too damn complicated for him to figure out.

A woman, whom I later find out is a Manager named Kelly, gets on the phone. Lo and behold I have to explain it again! After she has heard my predicament while someone's mac and cheese gets lumpy and cold standing in front of me and my $70 worth of dinner sits there cold as ice, she proceeds to tell me how it's the drivers fault! 

My phone is on speaker, so the driver hears this and is incredulous! Instead of taking responsibility for her restaurant's mess up because someone there gave him the wrong order and didn't confirm before letting their food go out their door because it's their business that got paid for the food that's being expected to show up correctly at my front door. She blamed the UBER DRIVER like he walked up in that restaurant and just picked up whatever bag he felt like. I was mad at her rudeness and indignation. Them the dismissiveness in her tone. "Is he gonna bring it back?" Is this what your customer service teaches you? 

Yes he is bringing back that thick cold mac and cheese and you can keep all that food I ordered as well. I asked for a refund. Them I had to ask for the confirmation number on the refund because she wasn't going to offer that either. Took her 4 mins of me on hold to get it.

I emailed UberEATS immediately after I got off the phone. Had a response in less than two hours. I already didn't think they were that great. I expect great service when I spend my money. Sorry for my high expectations. I eat ALL over the city. THIS? Worst experience ever! 

Kelly must be related to owner otherwise it's no way
she would still be working there!
It was a cold snowy Thursday and we were experiencing our first snow storm for this Fall season. Then their was this determined yelper who embarked on a lifestyle change and had choosen this day awhile back along with friends to splurge on Relish dinner!

So yea, I was definitely determined to make it to Relish despite the nasty weather, I just knew I was gonna eat some fattening food and I didn't care if I was eating solo. I was gonna eat and eat good mmkay!

I made it safely along with a few others.It was 3 course Thursday at Relish and that's where your order an appetizer, main course and dessert all for 19.95. I had the kale and turkey sausage soup, which was so flavorful and delicious, just perfect for the snowy weather. For my main course I definitely enjoyed every crispy, crunchy fried goodness of the buttermilk chicken and lastly for dessert, I had a lemon pound cake which was light, fluffly and plain good!

Overall service was wonderful, staff was friendly, accommodating and kept us laughing. We was hoping to get the snow storm discount!!!... unfortunately that wasn't an option lol.

Thanks Relish!
Oh My! Came here for birthday brunch, it was a pleasant surprise.  The atmosphere was pleasant on a Sunday it was poppin.  The food was plentiful and so good.  Lots of options.. breakfast meats, made to order omlettes, waffles, soul food, fish, collards, chicken, pasta, fruits, desserts... so much food and it was all seasoned well, nice and hot.. I'm really not a fan of buffets but I'm a super fan of good food.  Relish showed me not all buffets should be lumped into one, I couldn't stop raving about how delicious everything was and everyone was nice welcoming, it was a great experience, everyone looked like they were in the stat of food pleasure, lol.  They have indoor and then somewhat of a sunroom dining area as well.  The layout is pretty interesting.  I would definitely come back for a great meal.
What is going on here is a tragedy. 

I visited this place last summer for a "happy hour" type of event with half off appetizers. The appetizers  (3) that I ordered all tasted stale, like they were made yesterday and hence the whole "half off" deal. 
I was soo disappointed. My mango mojito (or was it peach) was on point tho.
I vowed not to return because I was just turned off by the food.

So they changed the name and the management and so I figured let's give it another go...uhm, big mistake.

1) I ordered regular margarita...tasted salty. I asked for my nice waiter to add some pineapple or ANYTHING to make it better, he gave me a little cup of the sour mix thing that margaritas are made of...so I just added it to what I was drinking which made it a bit better.
Now it was hot as balls in the place and for some reason or the other my ice was melting really fast in my drink...so I ended up with a warm'ish drink. 

2) I ordered a virgin pina colada next....i can make better with my home blender...but I guess that's not their fault that I'm Queen of Pina Colada making

3) Cornbread....I actually enjoyed this because it was sweet. However, it wasn't baked evenly OR there was something wrong with the way the fat/butter settled in the mix. Some parts looked saturated with fat/butter/sweetness...and other parts were nice and dry like a bread/cake should be dry. Either way I ate it cause it was sweet.

4) The biggest disappointment- MY entree. I went with the short ribs. It was 60-70% fat...the kind of fat that you can see and you just wanna cut off cause it's just all white and soft and ek! 
I was partially grossed out, partially just annoyed at the work I was doing to avoid a mouthful of fat.
My friend had the rack of lamb which I didn't want to order cause I thought THAT would be fatty...BAD decision. The lamb was actually very good (I tasted hers)...so if I have to recommend a dish, I'll say the lamb. 

So at the end of the day...I just don't think this place cuts it. Maybe my taste is just way up there (I really don't think so). I guess if the prices were 80% less I wouldn't be soo disappointed but with the price I'm expected to pay, I really thought the food would be a bit better but it's not. 

I don't know...I wish the place well.
Relish is easily on my short list for favorite Sunday brunch locations. The food is superb. There's an excellent selection of food and everything is well executed. The drinks are awesome too. I dined there on Sunday and the meal was as yummy as expected. 

The customer service was not yummy. At some time after 1:20PM, after we'd finished eating, after we'd finished our Satchmo cocktails, 10 Cane mojitos and Hennessy sangrias and importantly....after we'd settled the bill, a manager came over to inform of that there is a two hour limit on the buffet and we've been there since 11AM (opentable reservation) and our table is needed. -_- Whet???? You have to appreciate that we were one of 3 occupied tables (two other parties of two) in the front dining area that seats 60ppl at least. The place was empty. "We need the table" was a lame excuse that I'll explain more in a sec. The issue was that this manager seemed to think that we were two people who would sit around and eat all day and she needed to call time on our eating. But we weren't eating. We were at the table talking and catching up. Bill paid. Plates cleared. Our server had no issue with our presence at all. After the offense washed over me I realized 1) I'm not eating but I also wasn't informed at the time of seating of this two hour dining policy 2) surely this exchange could have been handled with more tact 3) why do I feel shamed for sitting at a table in an empty dining area catching up with a friend on a Sunday? 

My friend felt compelled to gather our things and talk to the manager on the way out. I was more inclined to ignore nonsense until it makes sense meaning continue as we were. I lost. On the way out we talked the MOD who genuinely apologetically explained that it's a restaurant wide policy they are required to enforce because "people come in like it's an old country buffet." I wanted to retort that her management approach mirrors that in that it wasn't patron friendly or reflective of customer service practices but alas... I'm disheartened that Relish thinks of themselves on par with fast casual venues. I've liken them to my local high end dining destination. In turn I've expected much more tactful and customer friendly service. If I wanted to be timed on my seating and invited to leave brunch, there are several other places I could be treated poorly for less. I truly expected more respect and value for the guest experience. I have had better experiences there. I believe they are capable of better. 

Back to the "we need the table" position. After talking with the manager, my friend and I continued our conversation for another hour in the waiting area. During that time zero people were seated at our table or in the front dining area. Our waitress continued to serve the couples in the area which suggests that we weren't holding up closing the area. The manager even walked by and said, "oh you guys are still here?" Funny that would have been a perfect opportunity to redeem the situation by inviting us in to a heated area but nope. I really considered the options for what happened here and I continue to land on daft, unskilled management and communication. It wasn't the chefs, the waitstaff or the hostesses. Just the management and that's so unfortunate.
I honestly don't understand why everyone is so hype about his place.  I decided to give it a shot one saturday night and was completely disappointed.  When our party was seated we were informed that they had just run out of mac and cheese (im sorry but there are certain things you just DON'T run out of on a 'southern' esatblishment and tha'ts one of them.)

Our food took FOREVER to come out.  The waitress was apologetic and brought us out more cornbread however I was still very annoyed.  When the food finally did arrive, I was undewhelmed.  My greens looked and tasted like they had come out of a can and they weren't even all that seasoned.  Toward the end of our meal the manage did come out and offer us free dessert.  I feel like I should have gotten something taked off of the outrageous bill I received however at that point I was just ready to go home.
We came to relish while visiting relatives in Oak Lane.

The food: Cornbread, mango-glazed salmon, deviled eggs. Was all very good and was really the saving grace of this whole review.

The drinks: I'm a craft beer lover, and they had only wine and mixed drinks. I did not partake since they had no beer on their menu at all.

The service: Horrible. Our waitress was inattentive, slow, forgetful, and just plain rude. I've never EVER skipped leaving a tip except for this waitress in my entire wife. it really kind of ruined the visit. Not only was she rude and short, but she kept trying to push extras on us when we clearly were not on level with her.

Ambiance: Very nice! Live jazz, a handsome doorman, candle-lit. Private parking seemed secure and I didnt worry about the car.

We will visit again... but if we get that waitress again I will seriously ask for a different one because she was the worst waitress I've ever dealt with. Our host  was very polite, as was everyone else we encountered. There was a comment card in with the bill, and I spoke the truth and handed it to the doorman on the way out. I was not rude. He actually gave me the manager's card and said that next time we were by, they would hook us up with some freebies on the house. It was a very nice gesture.
Yay!  This past weekend (Thanksgiving) I was visiting a friend of mine who lives in Philadelphia, PA with my cousin who was visiting me from Atlanta, GA.  We enjoy eating out and my Philly friend always suggest the best places to go for breakfast and dinner.  In this case, we were going out for dinner.  What better way to close out your last night over dinner with friends at a great restaurant.

From the outside, the neighborhood is not as pleasant looking.  The outside building of the restaurant could use an upgrade or a remodel or maybe not...I suppose, that's the whole idea.  Maybe keeping it the way it is keeps the suspense and the anticipation.  Perhaps keeping it the way it is allows it to properly blend in with the neighborhood surroundings.  Actually, come to think of it- it's not a bad idea.  Until the surrounding area decides to upgrade keeping their structure is not a bad idea.

Now,  let's talk about my experience.
Once I arrived with my friends I rushed in because it was a cold evening and I needed to run to the restroom.  (To my surprise) As soon as I approached the entry door, I noticed the ambiance of the inside...my thoughts were 'Oh!?, and Whoah!?'  Totally different from what I had expected.  (honestly, I didn't know what to expect but I assumed- your typical American restaurant from the outside).

The moment I walked in I was greeted at the door by two beautiful women with pleasant smiles.  I saw my way to the restroom.  The restroom was nice and clean.  I came out, my friends and I were greeted by the host and my party was seated right away.  The more we walked around the corner towards our table I was in a ceaseless awe.  Shocked at where I was.

*  I believe my waitress name was Ashley.  She was very pleasant and attentive to our hungry needs.
  
*  I ordered my first drink- (Because I'm a huge fan of Nina Simone) I ordered the "I Put a Spell on You"- Nina Simone drink.  Endorsed- I highly suggest trying this one out!  Made with Malibu Coconut Rum, 99 Banana, Amaretto, Peach Snaps, Pine apple and Cranberry.  I was hypnotized by my first sip and I drink occasionally.

*  I ordered my food-  I saw the Einstein meal and was set off a bit because of the name.  But  I figured, since everything appears to be a name thing around here- why not?  RELISH, NINA Simone, and now- Einstein.  It was basically an Italian dish.  It reminded me of the Fafali pasta dish I love soo much.  Moreover, it was delicious!  

Based on what I noticed on the menu and the plates of my friends and neighbors, I'd have to say the food is a Classy soul food.

Too bad I couldn't stay for the "live" entertainment that was due to perform at 9pm.

I plan to return.  They actually have so much they do on a weekly basis, I'm curious to return just for those experiences.

I gave it 4 stars because it was my first experience.  If and after my next experience it's what I expect, I'll give it 5 stars.
I personally have an awful experience every time I call to set up a reservation or Oder take out and every single time I've sat in the dinning room.  The food is never consistent! Management is poor and the servers are constantly changing... That's says something in its self!  I still manage to come by every now and then simply because it's one of the only decent looking soul food restaurants in the city! That excuse will soon run it's course for I have very little patience and too much restaurant experience (Front&Back of the house) to not take my ass to NYC the next time I'd like a decent environment and good soul food!  

I really hope they get new management and a steady chef that still has passion in his SOUL
I had such high hopes for this place but it was just mediocre. I had several friends say I must try it, so I had my bf make reservations for us for Valentine's Day. We arrived at 6pm and the host seated us by 6:05pm which was great.

After we got to the table however we did not hear from our server Cory until about 6:25pm after my bf flagged down the manager. We literally sat there for 20 minutes with no water, bread or anything. While I understand it was Valentine's Day, greeting your potential tippers should be high on your priority list and surprisingly, at this time, his section was not very busy so that was strike one. He could have at least greeted us, taken our drink order then disappeared for 30 minutes like at other establishments but no, we got nothing at all. 

He was friendly and efficient however when he did arrive and it's a shame that he had literally been walking back and forth pass our table for the first 20 minutes, his so so 15% tip may have become a 20% one. 

We started with drinks, my bf ordered a Ciroc on the Beach and I ordered the Cointreau Sangria with a shot of hennesy per Cory's suggestion. I should have known better, I don't like dark liquor so that was my mistake. I took a sip and gave it to my bf. Cory was nice enough to offer me a different drink on the house but I opted not too.

For our meal we both ordered a Valentine's Day special. My bf ordered the Land and Sea platter, which was a grilled flat iron steak, petit lobster tail, buttered broccoli, and a sour cream-chive mash and I ordered the Herb crusted Rack of Lamb served with sautéed spinach and a sweet potato hash.

My bf enjoyed his meal and the lamb made my taste buds sing !! It was amazing. SERIOUSLY. But of course my sweet potato hash was undercooked and my spinach was cooked with entirely too much oil. Strike two. 

Overall, i'd give this place another try for the lamb alone and I hope my experience is much better.
It's really disappointing to have to post this review as this place was outstanding the first time I went there however the half dozen times I've been back for an outing or just to enjoy a night out of town, I have been disappointed. The quality of the food continues to go down. The wait service however remains excellent; that's one thing I cannot knock. Staff remains attentive friendly, and really makes an effort to make sure things are right. HOWEVER, one of my pet peeves is when a business try to cut corners and one big pet peeve of mine is not having white meat available as an option. Sunday brunch this Sunday...only legs and thighs...I wanted to just walk out. By the way, several people mentioned the nonexistence of any wings and breasts. The fried whiting (falling all apart unable to pick a whole piece up to put on my plate). French toast (extremely hard to the point where I needed to really use force to cut the bread. I want to continue to support independent business like this one but it's difficult to do so when owners cut corners.
Maybe we should go back to try the buffet but... As it stands it's not convenient so probably not! My bf brought me here as a recommendation from a co-worker... His Mom and Step Dad came into town so I told him to make reservations. I will break this all the way down. We picked the jazz dining room. I'll start with the positives!

Entertainment: if I could give it 10 I would!

The jazz singer that was there was absolutely amazing. Her voice, her performance, her personality! Everything about her commanded attention! Queue my instant girl crush! She was beautiful inside and out! If she walked to the table to steal my bf, I would have let her lol! Her name was Krissy Mence I think... I'm horrible with names!!! I know it started with Krissy!!!

Service: 0 
I was seated first bc he had to run to the car. We had a table for four. I say there 10 mins no one spoke. He came in another 10 mins passed we. Discussed leaving. The only reason we stayed was due to our out of town guests. 10 mins and finally our server Brie decided to Grace us with her presence. She stopped by to say I will be right with you. I have worked in numerous restaurants. Even if the entire party isn't there at least stop by the table to get a drink order. We are sitting in a bar area. She came back after 5 mins introduced herself and took a drink order. Waited some more and finally saved her down so we could put in appetizers.. Still no drinks... Not even water. Finally drinks came and the rest of our party. 

Food: 1 

One thing about soul food restaurants they are either really good or bad... No in between ! For Appetizers we ordered cornbread and jumbo honey hot sauce wings... There is nothing jumbo about them... They can just call them wings... And there isn't any honey. So they were just plain buffalo wings! JD McGillicudy's in Manyunk does it better! Don't spend money on the name! You will be disappointed! The cornbread??? Jiffy with a twist. So my family is from the south of you present me cornbread in a cast iron skillet I'm looking for that crunch! There wasn't one! After reading reviews I'm not sure how this is the standout here! And had I read reviews before I went I would have expected the meal to go downhill from here! I ordered turkey wings with mac n cheese and collards. Sent back my collards. How can a soul food place fuck up collards? 2 things you must do well if you are going to consider yourself a soul food restaurant collards and cornbread!!! The collards weren't done! Meaning they weren't tender. I can forgive that if the flavor profile was on point! Yea... No... They lacked any resemblance of vinegar, garlic, season all... Plus there wasn't any pot liquor. Even if I decided to continue munching on my cornbread there want any juice to dip my cornbread in! I CALL FOUL! So I sent it back and tried the cabbage! Wrong move! No flavor and greasy! I know these are only the sides... HOW WERE THE TURKEY WINGS YOU MAY ASK??? Drum roll, lackluster, salty, no distinct flavor, and over cooked! Everyone who cooks turkey understand there is a point where the meat turns stringy and barely chewable! Well that was the case... Mac an cheese was the highlight and it wasn't enough to make the meal 2 my bf got the crab cakes and our guests both ordered the catfish. The overall consensus: we should have went somewhere else. The money we spent we could have went to rittenhouse and received stellar service and amazing food! The portion size of the entrees was huge... Enough for leftovers... But no one wanted their food for the next day! 

The only reason I'd come back??? If I had no other choice. I would rather eat at a hole in the wall Chinese spot on the corner than give Relish my money... Unless Krissy was there, but I'd just stick to the drink menu and eat before I go!

It's expensive in a sense of the food and service isn't worth it! I LOVE food and I'm not the type of person who checks prices... If its good, cost is a non-factor! This just was not good!
The food is still good - when you finally get it.

I ordered takeout on a Friday night, recently. Their site says 30 minutes until it's ready, for pick up. OK. When I arrived it took an additional, 45 minutes for the food to come out; during that time, I was able to see the clientele has changed significantly. What used to be a diverse and upscale group has turned to what looks like mid-level dealers accompanied by "wish" they were video vixens (I know that was harsh but...it's what I saw).

My food finally arrived and, I was given several comp cards for drinks and hors d'oeuvres for het ridiculous wait. I'm never going back. There was a lot of apologizing. That's swell but I'm never going back. All that I just mentioned, solely, is reason enough but here's what's solidified my decision.

When the food arrived, I paid and left. More than half way home I realized an item was missing. Yup! I called, told them of the omission and was given a hard time about it. I know...I couldn't believe it either. I asked ardently that the item be ready when I got back there (it was a dessert). I had to wait another 10 minutes and was given more comp cards. I'm NEVER going back.

When we got home and opened our platters, the food was pretty good but...hold on! One of the sides in a platter was missing.

I'M NEVER GOING BACK.
Now my best friend and I were here last night February 1st 2014. It was very crowded but we were seated fairly quickly within 15 minutes. We were ushers in to the room where the band was setting up. Had I known what was to come I would have waited another 30 minutes to be seated just so I wouldn't have to sit there. The music was just too loud there was no conversation to be had without shouting and because we were at a small table in between 2 others where I could reach out and grab cornbread off of the others table that wasn't too nice. My friend and I decided to stay collected our water came out immediately and the waiter was new and green but very endearing. We ordered a bottle of Chardonnay . 20 minutes later the waiter comes back and says that bottle is gone (this would be a theme of the night) and we had to choose another. We asked to sample another bottle of Chardonnay but were told that that was not allowed so instead of a 27 dollar bottle we ended up with a 65 dollar one ... Ok ... We are still calm.... Another 15 minutes and our food orders are in... We are sitting and shouting across our small table as the drummer bangs and bangs and bangs and as a musician I know he was just well .....banging ... 20 minutes pass and the waiter comes to tell us that they have no herb roasted chicken... It's only 9 pm at this point and they close at 12 am ... Ok cool she orders salmon... 10 minutes later waiter comes back "oh sorry we are all out... We have no salmon, no herb chicken,no lamb, and no turkey wings...."*we stare blankly* we already have our 65 dollar bottle of wine opened so she orders Caribbean chicken something she did not want . We wait 30 minutes and our food arrives . My sweet potatoes are mashed like baby food and we're not sweet they were worse than Boston Market I was highly disappointed because with soul food it is a combination of foods that make the meal anyway so I waited 20 minutes for a side of Mac and cheese to come out. The manager comes over and says they didn't expect so much volume and wanted to comp us desserts... We had no intentions on having dessert because we had cornbread it would have been nice to have another option presented to us... So anyway meal is over and we wait for our check...and wait ... The machine is down so they have to tally all the receipts by hand...-_- great.... So we wait and we finally get our check we were at Relish from 8:30 to 12:00 am ... It was just insane and totally disappointing . The time before when I was there they had run out of food items so this was me giving them a second chance . I live about 10 minutes away and support local business but I will travel the 20-30 minutes to warm daddies or miss tootsies after this catastrophe they have been open too long for it to seem like their opening week it is the first of the month ...expect high volume
Considering getting new friends because none of them told me how good this place was....

LET ME TELL Y'ALL!! If you live in the opposite direction like me, take the drive and go! I was very annoyed at first because I had 7:30 reservations and waited 30 mins to be seated, but who cares! The food was so darn good that I forgot about the wait.  

I has the seafood mac n cheese. Amazing!
The molasses wings. Falling off the bone amazing!
The crab cakes. Super fucking amazing. 
The braised short rib. Also amazing! 

And the cornbread!!!!!! Please, anyone who works there. Teach me how to make it. I'll pay you I swear. It was crispy and buttery. I could not stop eating it at all. Smh

I'll be back.
The Sunday Buffet is my favorite! I usually do takeout and eat at home. It's a smorgasbord of food--meats, salads, fruit, vegetables, starches, breads, etc. There's also a dessert table with a hossst of sweets (pies, cakes, cookies, cupcakes, waffles and ice cream sundae...). The setting is intimate and everything is organized and displayed nicely. The food is very tasty and the take out trays are large to have more than enough to eat. What I like about buffets is that it gives you the liberty to plate your own food and try different things; it doesn't restrict you to one particular entree. I'm so so glad to have a soul food (aka southern food) buffet so close to me--it's a rare gem. I don't know of any other buffets in PHL that specifically and intentionally serves soul food. If you do, please message me asap. Furthermore, the excellent and professional customer service at Relish just puts the cherry on top! While Relish isn't perfect (especially on very busy days), you still can almost always rely on great food!
Had a great meal & heard some awesome jazz at Relish last night. There was sadly a medical incident with a patron at the start of our dinner   The staff at Relish was stellar and even performed CPR until the EMTs arrived. They were awesome & unbelievably apologetic & generous after the incident ended. 

We will definitely return for a hopefully more subdued experience. Thank you again
to the wonderful staff!
I am writing this while I sit in the restaurant waiting for our bill to be recalculated. The food was horrible.  I sent the seafood mac n cheese back, the bacon wrapped scallops were bland and the bacon was cheap, another party sent those back. Our party sent back 2 appetizers and 3 entrees.  The service was also horrible,  the waitress was nice but she was serving the entire room. It took us an hour just to pay THE . NEVER GOING BACK.
I luv Relish to pieces. I've been going to their Sunday brunch for almost a year now. I average about once a month. The food is always great. So is the crazy juice. I deducted a star because their service isn't as good as it used to be. I've been for dinner twice. It was very good.
Relish is the new kid on the block, the latest business to occupy the spot previously known as Sadiki's and the Ogontz Grill and so on. My friend Ishmaile and me went there to check out the cuisine and to see what changes were made after Sadiki's closed. Relish is owned by the Bynums, Ben and Robert and the menu is very similar to that of the old Zanzibar Blue. Which by the way suits me fine. Ishmaile ordered the Carolina Catfish, which was fried as he said, perfectly with a creole sauce, accompanied with a mashed sweet potato puree and collard greens. Me being a total beef slut, ordered the Beef Short Ribs and I had the same side dishes as Ishmaile. Everything was delicious, but the collards seemed a tad bit old. We both ordered a nonalcoholic drink (a first for me) called Crazy Juice. It was too small and way to sweet for my taste-what was i thinking? We were looking forward to desert, Sadiki's served an incredible warm Peach Cobbler with Ice Cream and there it was still on the menu. It was delicious but less than half the size and with the same price (could that be where the 5th star went?) The service was good and the vibe of the place is decent. I even saw a childhood friend, Danny there who rescued me and sent over a cold Red Stripe to top off my meal.
Went here for a saturday brunch and the food was phenomenal. The staff was so attentive but not in am annoying way. The decor was Fancy-ish which is surprising considering the restaurants neighbors.  The food was the perfect temperature and the women working the omelette/ pancake/waffle station were super sweet. 

The potatoes were amazing, as was the bean salad. Lots of super fresh fruits that were ripened to perfection, and the waffles were delish!

The inky reason this place didn't receive 5 stars was because many of their foods at the buffet lacked a label. And I hate running around asking what is this and that and whats in it. Otherwise amazing experience.
What a shame. My wife and I were looking forward to our meal, only to be left sitting outside with the worst service ever and no food and no explanations for an hour and half. We reordered twice and we're assured food was on the way. Eventually had to just leave.  

What an absolutely shameful experience
We made a reservation to have my dads 50th surprise birthday dinner here. Our party arrived around 7:30, and my dad at 8:00. We placed our drink orders at approximately 8:10 and did not receive them until 8:50. We ordered from the prix fixe menu, and having worked in restaurants for several years I'm very familiar with how food gets fired in the kitchen. However, not even appetizers came in a timely manner. Our seemed to be flustered and unorganized, and our food and drinks, when they finally arrived, were auctioned off as though she didn't know what anyone ordered. In the time that we were there, no refills on any water/drinks had been even offered- in fact, I only really saw the server when she was taking our order. 
I went to the side to speak with the manager. I told her I had to leave at 9:30 and would like my food to go. She told me she would speak to the server and assured me my food was coming right out. A few minutes later (and here's what really made me angry) another manager (I'm guessing) came over to ask what had happened. When I told him the times we ordered, instead of apologizing, he told me he would have to check and see what time the ticket said- as if he didn't believe me. Regardless of the situation, 2 hours at a restaurant is entirely too long to wait for an entree. 
Before leaving, I went to the host standing and told them to cancel my order entirely. As my fiancé and I were walking to the car, the server (who decided she wanted to now be attentive) yells from the door that she has our food. ARE YOU KIDDING ME? Now you want to provide good service? Entirely too late. We refused to take it and left. 
Sorry but not sorry to say but we will not be returning.
As it relates to Kemi's review I  must say it's not a fair comparison, Sadiki's and Relish being there is an entirely different wait staff, (my guess and think my taste buds agree) cooks, management as mentioned already as well as a different partnership. The Bynum Bro's were not part owner of Sadiki's are of Relish so think this restaurant should get a clean slate in the review dept......and not PR btw:) But don't drink so can't vouch for that area but food wise and service (even with what I'm going to mention below) much improved.



But with that said I do need to deduct a star:) Went back last month to check out Jeff Bradshaw and the host was real smug. I believe he heard the disdain in my friend's voice and kept trying to account for it but didn't do a very good job. After telling us we'd have about a 20 minute wait to get to a seat in the stage area due to a wedding party and just business of the restaurant as a whole that night, we were "promptly" seated in the former patio area although we stressed we were there specifically to check out Bradshaw's set and didn't have an issue with waiting for seating.  

A few of us were hungry so opted to stay anyway and take the seats offered could still hear him play. I stuck with my usual the shrimp and grits which were good as usual, my friend got the mussels, another the Caesar with crab meat and last in the party a burger. We barely saw our waiter that night either and when the host came over to ask how thing were going , we told him we barely saw our waiter that night and he proceeded to let us know he's one of the best waiters on staff.....not the response when dealing with displeased customers. 

Everyone enjoyed the food but was a bit disappointed by service and hope it was just a bad night Yet after having two good experiences before this I'll stick with them and consider making a reservation next time as well as speaking directly to management when it comes to service issues.
I am not very picky...I usually just want to feel like I got my money's worth and I did so at Relish.

PROS:
Even though we did not have a reservation...we only have to wait about 15 minutes to be seated.
Excellent service...our waitress Margo (girl!!! I remember your name-lol) was funny, bubbly, and very much cared to make sure that we were well taken care of. I will seek her out next time we visit.

The food has to be hands down some of the best tasting food I ever had (and thats saying a lot as I have ate food all across the country, but when I got the first bite of their cornbread I know I must have looked like I ain't never ate good food before-my eyes opened so wide and the jaw just dropped).
Then came the appetizers...my husband had the Mac and cheese and I had the chicken corn chowder...omg..they were to die for!!!
Well seasoned ooey gooey mac and cheese with hints of seafood. The chicken corn chowder was to die for too, creamy, well seasoned delicate...we thought we had gone to food heaven.
By the time our entress arrived we were basically full. My husband had the Red Snapper, collards and Curry rice..he loved it all.
I had the Leg of lamb, roasted potatoes and cabbage..they were all to die for.
I must emphasize that the blend and balance of spices, herbs and seasoning in their food is excellent.
The atmosphere was nice and homey.
We ordered a pitcher of henny sangria and boy was it yummy...got a nice buzz, they were not stingy with the henny.

CONS:
Our food was delayed a bit...people that had ordered after we did got their food faster than we did. But it was all good..we were patient and our waitress was very reassuring and caring.
They were so awesome that they made it right by taking the appetizers off our bill!!! AWESOME

The decor could use a little help...I like homey...but it was a bit like walking into an old style church...I would love to see a pop of color here and there.
The table for two was a little small..especially with all the plates we were raking up while we were pigging out.

But honestly...with food as good as they had...I would overlook a whole lot. But like I said...they made things right and show care and concern. I felt like they appreciated my business.
Now some of my family members are only used to meals at the chain restaurants (Chili's, Fridays, Olive Garden etc.) Now when we go to these places I never here a complaint out of their mouths. This time, going to Relish was another thing.

One cousin ordered chicken wings...okay but why order chicken wings when you can have salmon or steak....She complained and poured a bottle of hot sauce on them...ugh!

Then another cousin ordered a chicken dish (can't remember what) and said it was disgusting. (I've had what she had and It was really good) 

We had shrimp and grits and I loved them, so did most of the other party guest.....
Some people just aren't classy enough to enjoy an upscale soul food dish. 


When the bill came, they complained that we couldn't get separate checks...It was 15 of us! ugh

All this to say, I will just go with my sophisticated friends from now on. 
I just might go tonight!.
Yes, I'm still a big fan, but with a big ole GIANT badoncka-donk caveat... do NOT go to Relish on Valentine's Day.  Since V. Day is a popular day they book back to back reservations.  Apparently, this is too much for them to handle because it was a mess:

- slow service
- significantly smaller portions than usual
- they ran OUT of mac and cheese (an unpardonable sin at a soul food restaurant)

I should add that I have gone to Relish around Christmas and other holidays without a problem, but Valentine's Day apparently stretched their limits.  Never again!
Had reservation for 10 at 1pm Sunday July 1, 2018. I could not make reservation on Open Table but upon calling, the person who answered was very helpful and made reservation and explained that table had a two hour limit. He shared w me that Enon Church (which we are visiting) was less than 10 minutes away. 

Upon arrival, parking in the Relish lot was easy and we checked in 5 minutes early. To preface, the day of our reservation, the weather was unseasonably hot. We were seated in the room in the front. I understand brunch is set price but was surprised I was handed a cocktail menu but when I asked about sodas and tea, was told they were not included in brunch cost and the restaurant did not have printed non alcoholic drink menu. I was told to ask my waiter. With a reservation of ten that I was picking up tab, it would be nice to know how much tea and soda would cost. 

Everyone enjoyed brunch but I felt Relish fell short. We arrived at 1pm est and by 1:20 est the salmon was gone. The sign clearly said "Trout and Salmon." I informed staff salmon was gone and asked for them to put out more and was told they were out. Also they had a waffle station with strawberries and when we arrived at 1pm they were out of whipped cream and they never put any out. For the price of almost $30 per adult I was disappointed. A staff member in my opinion could have put more salmon out and run to store to get more whipped cream. 

The cook at omelette station was clearly irritated he was put on omelette duty when he was the chef that cooked all the food on display for buffet. He shared that with me as I waited for my omelette. 

My final comment is on food safety. The room where the food was for the buffet was very very hot and there was a seafood salad and mayo based pastas on middle buffet table along w fruit and pastries that were out but there was no ice keeping Seafood salad and mayo based pasta salads cool. Also the trout (minus salmon) did not have any ice. For fear of illness we did not eat seafood salad or mayo based pastas. 

Overall the restaurant is homey and staff nice. I feel food quality could be better and attention to detail would have made my score higher. For example when we arrived at 1pm the shrimp and grits station did not have any small bowls. We were forced to put on plates both times my niece went back for more. Upon final walk through about 2:15 there were small bowls for shrimp and grits. And the salmon was never replaced and still no whipped cream.

And I agree with other reviews. The fried chicken only had odd cuts. No chicken breasts or wings so I did not try it. Not sure what the fried fish was. Not appetizing at all. I also don't recall seeing any cornbread or collards.
This place used to be on point all the time but now things are changing. For years they were my go to. 
Pro's: great environment, great live music, great food. 
Cons: Last 2 times i ordered over the phone they messed up the order or never made it
- i had a reservation for 15 that i made directly with manager Kelli Ray for Sunday brunch and they forgot and had all of us waiting an hour to be seated and we only seated prior to closure. During the same reservation i was over charged initially. Babies and small kids eat free and children are half price but they charged everyone and including the baby as an adult! I got them to fix it before i left and save about $100. Waitress knew she was trying to get over. No way that's a mistake.

I hope they get their selves together
I've waited a few days to write this review to make sure that I would get it just right, so this is a well thought out review when I say...I'm impressed.

 Maybe I was just in a chipper mood- we were celebrating my brother's graduation from grad school, maybe I was far more relaxed- I'd taken a few days off from work, maybe I had low expectations- sorry kids, but I find that many places outside of NYC, just don't know good service...Or maybe they just got it right at Relish. I'm leaning towards the latter. 

I referred to yelp and asked for a few recommendation from friends familiar with Philly restaurants when I got tasked with finding the location for graduation dinner and the guest of honor had some pretty specific requirements. Once I decided on Relish, my initial thoughts were shaky. My first few attempts to make a reservation were halted by the sound of a busy signal. Urgh! After finally making it through., this was immediately redeemed when I quickly received a confirmation email, which included their address and directions. 

The day of our dinner, Relish was on top of service from the moment that we arrived. Although the lot was full, they did offer a parking lot which was a nice touch. The layout inside was pretty inviting. We were greeted by all staff members that we passed, when something seemed to not go right, someone was certain to come by and explain the situation ( I ordered champagne and it needed 20 minutes to chill and they were quick to explain this and suggest alternatives rather than simply offering unchilled champagne). 

We enjoyed all of the food and cocktails. We probably ordered one of every entree option on the menu- no complaints! By the latter part of our visit, a band started up (this was a Friday evening) and made things that much more enjoyable. As we finished up, the manager was certain to stop by to see how things went. When I spend one dollar or a few hundred dollars, I expect good service. In fact it can outweigh the food in some instances. Relish balanced both. 

To top it off, as I stood in the parking lot after finalizing the bill and exiting, I noticed that I had a new email on my Blackberry....from Relish thanking me for my visit.

Great soul food, great service and great follow-up. Relish has my vote.
My 30th Birthday Dinner was June 27,2015

Tonight started out ok and ended up making my dinner party was a mess!!!! By far thee most unorganized event I've ever had or attended. I had several guest that wasn't able to eat their dinner or dessert because the item that their order wasn't ready when everyone else entrees came out!!! Everyone ate at dinner times, the children food came out so late to the point where though they were too tired to eat....

I had an entire table that took their food home because it wasn't ready!!!! I'm so frustrated that my entire party didn't eat together nor at the same time!!!! The food that was served to us was not hot, it was cold and most complained that the crabmeat I top of the redsnapper was bad and it didn't taste nor smell good.

Overall I feel as though the serves tonight were horrible and this would've never happened if I was in a "white or "Italian establishment.  The mangers  tired their hardest to make sure everything went well however it just didn't work out that way, I'm so upset and angry that it went how it did...

I know weekends are busy but when you've a party this big or larger you need the proper staffing to accommodate your guest!!!!

They won't be getting my money anymore!!! I paid for open bar for all my guest I have over 30ppl
In theory - this place sounds amazing. Live music, soul food & it's a small business you can support, right? Wrong. The two times I have had food from here, the food tasted good. However, they had my UberEats driver waiting the first time I ordered years ago & they gave such a minuscule amount of food that it turned me off. Fast forward a couple years & I order from them again. The food was good, but I waited almost 2 hours for a pickup order after being told "Oh, it'll be 30 minutes." Tonight, I placed an order and was told "30-40 minutes," and purposely waited an hour and twenty minutes before going to pick it up & of course, the food was not ready. It doesn't help that their staff is completely unapologetic bordering on dismissive when you're upset. Both times I was told "I talked to my manager," as if that compensates for the inconvenience. 

While the food isn't bad at all, you can spend your money with an establishment that respects you. Don't waste your time with this restaurant.
Like Ayana said, the Sunday brunch at Relish great. This is my first time going and we had reservations for a mini family reunion. The food was all really good.  They have an made-to-order omelette bar, as well as waffles and pancakes.  There was an issue with the bill that took a while to correct, but the hostess (owner?) was pretty patient.  She was also very accommodating when 3 extra people who were not on the reservation showed up.  The service was the worse part, but it was far from horrible.
With no prior knowledge and one mission,(I wanted to hear some jazz)my daughter and I ventured it to Relish. It had jazz and was close to her home.
Now supposedly, Providence, which is my hometown , was voted a few years ago to have the best restaurants in the world. Well, sorry, I have to say, hands down, Philly has us beat by a mile. And there's no competing, with Philly, music wise. So listening to live music here is a must! Now back to Relish.
OMG!!! I called and was told no reservation needed. First come basis in lounge for live band. Unheard of and pocket friendly cover charge of THREE DOLLARS to hear music.(added to bill. The three is per set . A bargain no matter what!)
A beautiful, friendly waitress greeted us. She reminded me of my college roommate, from years ago! She was very accommodating. My daughter had a sore throat and asked for hot water, with honey and lemon, after our meal( oh I'm getting to that!! Patience, young grasshopper.) Initially, she came back and said there was no honey. Then a bit later, she brought her the water, lemon and honey on such a nice setup. Apparently she hunted down that honey!! Just such caring, wonderful service.


So we ordered a sample plate, with fried chicken, collard greens,corn bread and sweet potatoes. Yummy!!!

The music was slamming and had the entire audience jumping, including the 9 month old baby who was sitting next to us. This was so much fun!! I wish I could pick up the place and move it to Providence,as we are lacking in jazz music here.

I cannot wait to return!!
Ok... just ok. 
We were a little confused on where to enter but figured it out.
We were greeted by a kind young lady who sat us immediately. We next hit the buffet. Great selection of food (omelettes, waffles, pasta and fruit).
Delicious Collards, Shrimp and Grits and French Toast.
Fried Chicken was a little bland, Fried Fish & Grilled Chicken was a little dry and overcooked. 
They weren't too busy when we arrived but business picked up almost instantly and I noticed all food items were replenished instantly w visibly attractive food items. 
I was full and unable to eat more but wished I would have had that food instead. 
My cousin is a vegetarian and was made an alternative that was absolutely delish. 
There was entertainment throughout brunch that kept the atmosphere lively. 
Thankfully there was on onsite parking lot which is always a bonus.
I'll try not to be to lengthy but I think Relish actually deserves 3.5. We had a dinner for my Grandmother's birthday here last Saturday night. The whole reservation process was a little frustrating (I could write a paper on this alone) Once we arrived for dinner there still seem to be a bit of unpreparedness but it finally worked out. The food was fantastic I had the mango salmon and the bread and banana pudding which were both sooo yummy. Atmosphere was great, live band was good also. I would probably return but only on a weekday. Relish has great food with better organization/customer service it would be a five star restaurant.
We came to Relish for Sunday brunch. We made a reservation for 10:30, which happens to be the time it opens. You definitely need to be there on time because the crowd starts rolling in quickly. The breakfast buffet consisted of a omelet bar, pasta bar, several salad options, fish, french toast, grit, fried chicken, and much more. There's also a full bar. The cost is $30.00 per person but it's well worth it.
I brought my fiancé here on a Thursday night which come to find out is a special.  An appetizer entrée & dessert for $19.99 very great deal. Everything was perfect from the setting to the decor. We ordered fried buttermilk chicken (u get a wing leg thigh & breast) w/2 sides I got greens & mac my gosh that baked mac was the best I've ever had in my life no lie. Was our first time going will def be back for more
Made a stop here with friends jazz bar and restaurant. Good entertainment. My friends all ordered the short ribs to discover they were out I had the fried chicken expensive but good the restaurant comped us a free round of drinks  . For not having what we wanted. My friends ordered the catfish topped with crab meat ---good---- also the duck--- good as well the served cornbread as a appetizer hot and sweet like cake. I would go back  again. Go relish. Go
NOPE! NEVER AGAIN!  I really don't like writing bad reviews but it's not my fault. The only reason they get 2 stars from me is for the waitress. If you decide to dine at Relish be prepared for MASS miscommunication about something, for your food to be at least/minimum 1hr. late, and for them to run out of something you ordered. On top of this, they issue no apologies, make you pay full price anyway, and expect you to understand their dilemma. Diners.....you must realize that Relish and WarmDaddy's is under the same ownership/management umbrella so if you had a wack time at one you bet it's gonna be similar at the other. What bewilders me is that both venues over book their venues due to fear of not making money (which is understandable as a business) but then they are NEVER prepared for the big crowd; not enough cooks, not enough servers, seated late, and show starts late. This is not the first time I've experience this with Relish/WarmDaddy's which has brought me to finally write this review. Good luck future diners because I am done and I hope SOMEBODY in upper management gets it together because maybe not know but in the near future another venue is gonna be prepared to challenge everything they are bad at doing and win-over their customers--then no more Relish/Warm Daddy's.
Relish Restaurant.....It's a soul food restaurant that I visited last month when I was on leave in Philly.  Located in West Oak Lane area, right near my grandmother's house.  When you first walk in, it has a relaxing atmosphere.  Look to your right, there is live jazz band playing and if you look to your far right you can see two flat screen tv's with the football games playing so you can keep score.  The waiters are very friendly and polite.  I ordered the crab cake, with cornbread and Yams.  This is a really nice, upscale restaurant that's great to bring your family but I wouldn't recommend really small children because of the jazzy atmosphere.  Great restaurant I will definitely eat here again with my family.
I have been here four times: for the live entertainment, for dinner in the dining room, for brunch and most recently for karaoke. The first three times were pretty uneventful. The evening of live entertainment was pretty cool, the band was great, we had appetizers and drinks. An overall good time was had. Dinner in the dining room was ok. I liked that they had a classic movie playing (I believe it was Casablanca) that was a nice touch. My mother loved the brunch, as did I. The food was great, the atmosphere felt pleasant and congenial. The most recent visit was to celebrate my aunts birthday with some Karaoke. It is because of this visit that I gave them 2 stars. There were 8 of us and only two people's food was warm (not hot, but just warm). The sides seemed to had been sitting out before they made it to our table as they were barely even room temperature. While my rice was nice & hot, my cabbage was not and my fish was actually cold. After eating we decided to partake in the karaoke. At this point only one other guest had participated, so we thought we'd spice it up. When we got to the stage to make our requests, unbeknownst to me the manager told the DJ that we could only do one song. Mind you, nobody else was performing. In addition to this, my aunt mentioned that the manager was quick to clear the table and had said to her that they have another party coming in. So we were basically rushed out. This left a very sour taste in my mouth & was a damper on my Aunt's birthday celebration. I chose Relish because it's a BOB and had not had any issues on my previous visits. I don't see me returning here. I am a fan of the Bynum Bros. establishments, but unfortunately I'm crossing this one off of my list.
Brunch is my favorite meal and my husband saw this place on the list of the top brunch spots in Philly so he made a reservation and we gave the brunch buffet a try. 

SO MUCH FOOD...not a bad thing, just be ready to eat. Lol. The food was amazing, I didn't try everything because there was just so much but what I did try was really good. Being from the South I appreciate well cooked southern food and this was a taste of home. The fried chicken was crispy, the grits were creamy, and the meal was very satisfying. 

The atmosphere was nice and quiet, you could hear the person across from you without having to raise your voice. It was clean and the staff was very nice. Our waiter made sure our glasses were full and replaced our place setting each time we went back to the buffet. 

So, if your perfect idea of brunch is trying a little bit of everything then make reservations and put on your eatin pants because Relish is a really good place to do that. We will definitely be going back!
The wait was not long, we were seated within 5min. The food was amazing, I tried everyone's plate, crab cakes, catfish! Really like the decor, live jazz band, gives it upscale vibe.
I've had really good experiences with Relish, however this dining experience was not so great. We came on Thursday for their 3 course special. We thought this was great, but it turned out otherwise. Our hostess was friendly and patient considering the high volume of patrons. Also, we had a large party to celebrate a birthday. The food wait was very long and it was bought out one by one, instead of being bought out all at once. I had to return my meal which was meatloaf because it was broken up and very dry. The amount of time we've had to wait reflects on how the kitchen can handle the  parties. I believe it was very packed because of the special. We had reservations for 7 and ended up leaving 10ishl! It seemed to be very disorganized.
Shrimp and grits were not good at all.   Cornbread just ok.  Fried Chicken, I've had better at the corner spots. Mac and cheese, no go.  Collard greens were the only thing worthy of praise.  Service was okay though but not enough to make up for very mediocre food.
Relish is located away from the city life ....a 1st cousin to WarmDaddys in Philly near Delaware ave.  Great thing about this place is its in a residential area. So families come here for Golden Anniversaries, Birthday celebrations, Sunday brunch. Karaoke and Jazz nights. 

My favorite is the Turkey wings with mashed potatoes.  All together with the signature HOT Sweet Cornbread they serve.  if nothing else, go taste the Cornbread :)  Not super salty or oily like some Southern restaurants are.  Plus u can dress nice and not come out smelling like grease (if u knw what i mean).  Great staff n customer service is on point.  

Desserts are not their strong point and the serving size is really generous. Enjoy!
We visited Relish for my mom's birthday. Was the food good, yes! But would I come back, probably not. Here's why: The hostesses didn't greet us OR wish a good night. Both sisters just stared at us like they were mute. It was so awkward. Second, the food took FOREVER. No lie, it took an hour for appetizers and an additional 40 mins for our entrees. Our reservation was for 7:30, we didn't get seated until 8pm, and we didn't leave until 10:30pm. Our waitress was very kind which made the 18% *mandatory* gratuity something I could entertain. Finally, the live music was just so-so. The band played super old school music (and trust, I'm an old school head), like "Natural High" instead of more jazzy, uptempo old school music... 

I'll stick to Warmdaddys.
I took my friend here to celebrate his birthday so I wanted to treat him to the Sunday brunch. First, I want to highlight that the food was amazingly good. However, there were waaaay too much people the buffet line with such a tight space. It took us 20 minutes just to move through the line. It took so long we decided it wasn't worth taking a second trip back. Although I feel I didn't get my monies worth, I would definitely come back during regular dinner hours.
Left a lot to be desired.

I was staying in downtown Philadelphia and a friend suggested this place.  It was soooo not worth the drive.  The service (host) was below anyone's standards.  We went on a Friday night and did not have a reservation.  (If you go, I HIGHLY suggest a reservation).  We were told they needed to take care of their reservations first but they "got" us.  We asked for a time estimate and they said they'll take care of us.  Two hours later we were seated, literally. We were a party of 3.  At 1.5 hours they called our name for a party of 2.  No, we are a party of 3.  Ok, BRB.  They did not come back.  After 2 hours my friend approached the guy at the desk.  He said, "You are waiting because you don't have a reservation." At that I was pissed.  Dude, tell us we have a possible two hour wait and give us the option to go some where else.  The back and forth with the front desk about them about to seat us several times and we are on the list and blah blah was deceitful and annoying.

The décor was meh... looked like an old banquet hall.

The crowd was mature (which I appreciate).  

The waiter was perfectly fine.  No complaints.  Fast and responsive (Andrew).

There was a live band that was pretty good.  Our bill then showed an "entertainment fee" of $3 pp. 

Parking lot was full.  I found parking on the street with no problem.

After all of that.... I can finally discuss the food... SHEESH...

I ordered Turkey wings and hot tea.  They are listed as famous turkey wings on the menu. I'm not sure why.  They were good but not anything to rave about.  All of the food was good but not fantastic.  I hear the brunch is amazing.  I'm not curious enough to go back.  

The food was PLENTIFUL.  Very large portions.
10 of us had a girls brunch buffet here right before Christmas. It was my first visit although several in our party had eaten here before.  My first impression--I was VERY pleasantly surprised by the decor and the service.  We were seated promptly and the staff was very friendly.  I'm born and raised in West Oak Lane so I love the fact that an upscale restaurant is open and doing so well in my old neighborhood.  I didn't realize it at the time but I believe reservations are required.

I didn't give a higher rating due to small things that bothered me.  I had to constantly search for someone to refill my coffee cup. And even when I flagged someone down to request a refill, it still took quite a while for someone to respond.  I thought the food was decent (I think the fresh omelet station was probably my favorite) but I was disappointed that they only offered turkey bacon and sausage.  I'm not a fan of either.  Lack of pork aside, everything tasted fresh and there were plenty of offerings.  

The buffet food had beautiful presentation but I thought some of the items looked better than they tasted.  I tried two different desserts and both were just mediocre.  

I didn't order a cocktail but several in our party did and they were pleased with the quality.

I'm not giving it the highest rating but I would definitely dine here again.
Had the fried catfish w/ smoked turkey collards, mashed potatoes while the Mrs had fried chicken w/ smoked collards and mac & cheese. Not a huge collard fan but some people I was with said they were a little over cooked but still good. I thought the seafood mac and cheese was phenomenal and the grilled diver scallops were also really good. Stayed after a bit in the lounge and listened to the jazz band playing. They do have a $3 charge per person per set (of band) that will be added to your bill so they can keep quality bands coming. Laid back and really nice sounds. Had a really good time and would definitely go again.
My food was not worth the money I paid. The short ribs were dry even with the Barbeque sauce one it. I got 4 deviled eggs for $12 bucks. I just knew they were gonna be outrageously great. NOT!  $23 for 1 short rib. I paid extra for garlicky greens that had more stems than leaves. I would not recommend my dog to eat there. Sweet potatoes lacked everything. Not worth all the money I paid. I want my money back.
I will say that I at first I was skeptical, but ever since my first visit, it has been love! lol ! Let's start with the ambiance, very nice, immaculate, professional service with charm.  The food is amazing! seasoned well, and the menu offers a variety that is often missing from many soul food upscale restaurants.  

When I was there, they were hosting a bridal dinner and were of great assistance to the group.  They helped with decorating and gave personal prompt service to the party I was very impressed. 

 Last but not least the live entertainment is definately a plus.  I love the live jazz band.
I read a lot of reviews for this place.. Some were hits and some were missed. I decided to go for the hits and give Relish a fair chance. I decided to take my husband on a last minute date night for some soul food. I thought this was the perfect spot. From the photos, it looked intimate, quiet, tamed and overall cozy. We quickly made a last minute reservation for 9pm and got there at 8:50. We waited a few moments before being led to our table. The decor was inviting, cozy and overall very elegant and extremely pleasant on the eyes.


On our way over to Relish, we had already scanned the menu in the car and decided to order the Caribbean Chicken flatbread, honey butter skillet cornbread and the Cajun deviled eggs. The cornbread came out first. This cornbread was "make me jump on top of the table and yell to the top of my lungs" delicious. Not too sweet but it also had a hint of apple in it. Perfection. The eggs and flatbread came out 20 minutes later. I was alittle antsy but was patient nonetheless. Nothing Cajun about the eggs and the flatbread was nothing to write home about. For the entree, I got the fried chicken with collard greens and the 4 cheese macaroni. I also got a side of Apple cornbread stuffing. My husband ordered the lamb leg with the macaroni and collard greens. We both agreed our meat was good.. This is after I wiped both our mouths several times from the grease from my chicken and the liquid from his lamb. The sides. Oh the sides. The collard greens was just that.. Collard greens. Nothing special. The macaroni. I could of cried right there at the table. WHAT. THE. HELL. It was warm and not only was it warm but it tasted weird. Not a big fan, AT ALL. Didn't even finish it. The stuffing.. Not a fan. 

We waited awhile for our food but it definitely wasn't worth the wait. I'm not sure if I could forgive Relish for the disappointment to the macaroni but I do thank them for taking that cornbread stuffing off my bill. Would I go there again? If that was my last resort...
Came here with my husband, we were visiting from out of town and I was so interested in going to see a jazz performance. I was told Relish is the place to be on the weekends! When my husband and I arrived, we were greeted immediately by a woman who was such a sweetheart. She informed us of the entertainment fee which was $5 per person, we agreed to it. The waitress was also polite and we ordered our food within a few minutes. Staff is very friendly here, there were times where we were greeted by random staff in the restaurant. Makes for a great environment! Good job people! 

I ordered smothered turkey wings which came with collard greens and cornbread stuffing, my husband ordered the fried chicken with collard greens and mashed potatoes (those potatoes were so good geesh) and we shared the seafood macaroni as an appetizer. The entrees came out really fast and hot. The taste was amazing!! Especially the collard greens, my family is from the south and I know some good southern food. This was it! The seafood Mac took a while to come out but it was pretty good as well. The entertainment was out of this world!! The band was amazing, kept the energy of the crowd going, did newer and ol skool songs, even told some jokes. I really did have a blast. Definitely will remember this as one of the best parts of the trip!
Came to Relish Thursday for dinner with friends. For a weeknight it was busy, but we had reservations and were seated right away. Loved the live music, definitely added to the ambiance but it can get loud if you're in the front room with the band. 

We had a round of drinks to start. Loved my "Put a Spell on You" and would recommend to anyone who likes a sweet mixed drink. Not too much on tap as far as beers go (no IPAs, Sam Adams, etc), pretty basic Bud Light and Coors options. 

The starter for the table was shrimp and grits which was buttery and rich, great flavor but not the best dish to share. 
I opted for the deviled eggs and side of greens for my entree, which was a light meal. The eggs were solid but could have more seasoning, the greens were better. 
The others in my party had the fried chicken and the pasta Alfredo. The chicken went too fast to grab a pic, but it was a half bird so a healthy portion. 

Overall, a good spot to grab a bite with friends.
Stopped in last Friday night since I haven't been here in a while. This used to be my weekend getaway and I was quite the regular, so I felt like home.  I really love the friendly, family, atmosphere of this restaurant.  I'm sure they have a lot of regulars because people really just love the food and the specials are affordable.  On Friday nights they have live music.  Tonight is the G2 band.  Einstein pasta was surprisingly very flavorful. It came in a broth and then it had spinach sun-dried tomatoes garlic seasoning. I think they should cut the pasta by 50%. Way too much pasta and not enough spinach sun-dried tomatoes which really does make the dish flavorful.  The current menu comes with penne pasta but it used to come with fettuccine or maybe it was linguine - either way the long noodles made it a nicer dish better than Penne. Oh! It does come with grated cheese on top and I keep forgetting to ask them NO cheese.  I think they should put the cheese on the side to make it a true vegetarian dish.
This place is by far the worst. We had a party of 14, we did not see our server for 25 mins. They also decided to split our table of 14 up into two tables. It took 1hr just to get a drink menu. The food menu is pretty limited to seafood, catfish and chicken. The Food was ok.  According to everyone else they were not happy as some people food were cold. We wasn't expecting the best but somethings we should not compromise on. The drinks was ok. You can avoid this place, especially if you have a seafood allergy.
I don't know if it was the day we went or what? I was so disappointed. I went for the Sunday brunch and I was completely disappointed. I think the best thing going for Relish is the staff. Everyone working for the restaurant seemed to be very friendly and helpful. 

What is it that I would recommend. First of all, please reconsider the layout for the buffet. For the amount of people your getting, it's entirely to small to accommodate the crowd. The 2nd thing I would work on is the promptness of the staff. It should not take 15 minute for a customer to get a drink. The third thing I would work on is the cleanliness of the place. I'm not saying the place is dirty. I'm saying more effort can go into making sure the place has clean appearance both inside and out.
Dine here for dinner and you won't be disappointed! My husband and I love us some soul food and at Relish, we pretty much had to be rolled out of the restaurant after our meal. Not only was it delicious, but we actually needed doggy bags (yes, more than one). And trust me, we never need to box our food to go. 

Aside from the gigantic portions, the service is on-point - friendly and attentive. If you're in the mood for some good eats and are willing to stop counting calories for a meal, then Relish is your place. Oh and get the fried chicken. Because you haven't lived until you've had it.
5 star food and drinks with 2 star service 

I've eaten at Relish a few times, the decor is lovely and food is always spot on but the service is a massive disappointment. We usually end up flagging down another waiter to ask them to get our waiter for everything from condiments to water refills... Dont know if they are understaffed or what because the place has always been packed on the nights I've gone. I'll be returning (the food really is that good, esp. the turkey wings, crab cakes and seafood mac&cheese) but I'll most likely choose a weekday and hopefully get better service
Where do I begin. Firstly I would like to start by saying that I am an African American woman who always go out of the way to patronize black owned businesses. I've eaten at this restaurant maybe twice in the past and the food was pretty good. Recently I decided to do a take out order on grub hub. I get to the restaurant and wait a little longer than my estimated time to go in and get my food. I enter the restaurant and walk up to the host and she never even pick up her head to great me. This young lady was so engaged in her conversation with this man who also was employed there. She was more so interested in talking to him then assisting a paying customer. At this point my patience has gone out the window because I don't tolerate rude especially when I'm paying my money. So I then interrupt the conversation and ask for my order. She is just confused as she wants to be she say oh I'll go check the kitchen for you. She come back and say give it like 15/20 more minutes. At this point I'm hot because it's been over an hour since I placed my food. So I go outside and wait for about 25 minutes go back in and it's a new girl standing in the front so I ask about the order and she tells me oh u gotta go to the bar. I go over to the bar with a ATTITUDE but that quickly changed because the bartender was so nice and pleasant and honestly they need to take some tips from her. Fast forward I get home open my food up portions are small I mean two bites and your finished and I did not enjoy the cornbread stuffing it was undercooked. After spending almost 30 bucks on one platter and it not being up to standard I will never return to this restaurant again and I will make sure to spread the word to friends and family. Do better relish. Don't be the stereotypical disorganized black owned businesses with lack of customer service skills. Right your wrongs !!!
I went to Relish to celebrate a friend's Birthday. I have driven past this place several times, and used to live in the area. I always said to myself "I'm going to go in there one day", but alas, I never made it until recently. 

When I first arrived, I was impressed by the decor, the place was clean, nicely decorated and there was a packed house on a Thursday night. The hostess was polite and sat me promptly at the table they set aside for our party of at least 15. 

Unfortunately, many in our party were a bit late and the wait staff were extremely patient, and didn't appear to be flustered when ppl kept arriving at different times and they had to keep putting in new orders every 7 minutes or so. The lead waiter really impressed me when a member of our group mentioned needing glasses to read the menu, the waiter produces a pair of readily available reading glasses from his apron. 

The live music was awesome, and the singer even sang Happy Birthday to my friend and invited her and her sisters up on stage to sing back up with her. 

I ordered the Braised Turkey wings, which came with the collard greens and the apple stuffing. The food was delicious and the portions were great. Many in our group got the Beef short ribs and raved about them, and the fried chicken came with 4 BIG HUGE pieces of chicken in addition to 2 sides. 

Now onto my complaints (relax there aren't many). My chief complaint is that I had to flag someone down to get another beverage. I ordered a diet Pepsi but then after i was done... i sat there for a good 30 minutes, and NO ONE asked if i needed another beverage. However, we were a very large group, the place was packed, so I'm sure it was an oversight. My diet Pepsi drought was not reason enough to complain I guess. 

The other thing is there were several live flies in the room. I'm not sure if it was because we were seated next to the kitchen or what, but I am a person who cannot really enjoy their meal if there are flies buzzing around. One more than one occasion i had to "shoo" a fly away, which was a bit annoying. In their defense (the flies, ha ha) they never landed on any of my food, but flies and dining don't really mix. 

Lastly, and call me a snob. I wonder if they have a dress code policy. I saw at least three people come in wearing shorts. Now i understand its summer, but come on. Are we past the day and age where ppl know how to dress for an evening dinner meal? I mean Relish is not a "chain" family joint. It's not Denny's or somewhere you pop in on your way to or from the beach. Super short denim shorts and a baby-girl tee are not dinner wear. But alas, I guess its 2011. 

All in all, i had a good dining experience and will definitely be coming back. They have a Sunday brunch, I'm dying to take my mother to.
This place was soooo awesome. My fiancé and I sat out on the im closed porch area. It was a bit noisy out there and they played music but yet it was still nice. 

The food was really good. I had the fried chicken collard greens and Mac n cheese. The drink I had was really tasty as well it had a mixture of a few ciroc alcohols and juices pretty good. Their happy hour has great prices. The service there is great and the insist dinning area it's very nice and quiet. I would love to go back.

They have karaoke at a certain hour. The place is usually packed so I would say a reservation would be best if you would like to sit and enjoy.
Relish USE to be my FAV...  Just had my birthday dinner there on 09/21/2018.  Food and Service was horrible! The service was bad because of the manager regarding my RESERVATION for a large party.  The manager acted as if we were inconveniencing him.  
Horrible Manager...  NO training!
The food USE to be very good....  It kinda sucks now.  
FYI:  It was regular dinner not the Dinner Buffet
Seated a group of 9 for their 8pm dinner buffet mind you the buffets over at 9pm the day before Christmas Eve the buffet sucked everything was dry chicken, fish, macaroni and cheese, everything  offered on the buffet looked as if it had been sitting there since they opened for dinner. They brought out fresh chicken and fish only after my sister complained to the manager about the food. The buffet was suppose to be this big 40 ft buffet which was a complete lie it maybe had ten offerings on it. The employees were slow and not doing their job we asked one young lady for plates she disappeared in the kitchen and never returned the hot station chef had to go and get the plates he took about 5 seconds to come back
My girlfriends and I visited this restaurant one recent Saturday evening and loved it so much that we returned for brunch the next day.  

I've lived in the area for about 5 years and have dined at this location when it was the Ogontz Grill and Sadiki's and by leaps and bounds Relish has the best food and service I've had at any restaurant at this location and it's in my top of overall restaurants.  The Ogontz Grill was just ok and  the service at Sadiki's was so consistently poor that on one occasion my party waited more than 15 minutes for someone to take our beverage order.  Unbeknownst to us the owner was seated at a nearby table socializing with friends and never noticed we weren't being served.  When another patron brought it to his attention, instead of getting our beverages himself, he went to look for someone else to do it and then returned to his friends, causing yet another wait.  We never returned.  

Relish, however, was everything I expected from the Bynum brothers.   

We were greeted with welcoming faces and had a nice and attentive waitress.  The decor is pretty (love the bamboo bathroom) and the drinks delish.  I ordered the turkey wings and my friends had crabcakes and everyone was very pleased.  For brunch, we all had the chicken & waffles, which we all agree are MUCH better than the ones we've had at Roscoe's in L.A.  I agree with a previous reviewer that the gullah shrimp and grits are awesome! Each time we had enough food to take home leftovers.  The only negatives were the collards and the red velvet cake.  We all agreed that the collards weren't seasoned well and while the red velvet cake was good, I'm from the south and used to eating some of the best red velvet cake known to mankind.  

I love that I can get a great affordable (in my opinion) meal without having to trek down to Center City and pay for parking.  

Relish has a repeat customer in me.
I'm enjoying a nice quiet intimate dinner with my husband.
I'm loving the jazz music that's playing not to mentioned the delicious food..
I have been to Relish a few times and I always enjoy the food, service and atmosphere. Recently I celebrated a friend's birthday (a group) and we sat for over 2 hours eating and talking. They had to  throw us out (in the nicest way possible). :) You can't go wrong eating there.
Came to this place after briefly looking at the yelp reviews and it's less than a mile from me. We go on a Thursday night and they had a live singer and musicians, a pleasant surprise. Thursdays they have a 3 course special for $19.95. We started off with the cornbread which was amazing! Just the right amount of sweetness and still moist. I picked the corn chowder as my 1st course, it was soooooooo good! Got the fried chicken as the entree. It came with collard greens and mac&cheese. The plate was huge I could barely eat 2 pieces of chicken. 3rd course I picked the lemon pound cake. I left with so much good to go. I'm definitely coming back to this place!
Best fried chicken, Mac and cheese, and cornbread we have ever had! We also ordered the honey BBQ chicken that was good also but the fried chicken was sooo good. We only heard about this place from uber eats and I'm so glad we found it! We will be ordering again!
Relish / Relish now I was here with a group of 40 to 50th people for a private birthday dinner and it looked like they were under staffed because the sodas didn't come out until 80% of the guest were finish there food ...

Far as the food the food was great .. but the service is just as important as the food  so if I was the owners I would really think of ways to motivate my employees to want to provide great service .. 

#Good
The Sunday brunch is awesome. They have everything from an omelet station to a pasta creation station. The fried fish is delicious. FYI they don't serve alcohol until 11am. Reservations are a must!
I visited for the brunch buffet, and despite it's sinful qualities, I WILL be back soon. It's definitely not something to indulge in every weekend, but on a special occasion it's nice. The food is delicious and fresh, and everyone is very friendly. It can get kinda crowded, or at least there was an event going on today, but even still, it was lots of fun, and not overwhelming.

Our server was a bit off, but she was also very friendly and accommodating.

overall great experience
Good dinner.  Good staff.  Great Sunday brunch!  This place is mainstay in Philly.  A must check out if you like soul food, Sunday brunch and live music.  

This is always packed, so make a reservation if you want to get a table.  Especially on primetime Friday and Saturday nights.

Will be back!
Tonight was my first time at Relish. I ordered turkey wings, collard greens and mac n cheese. I received two large turkey wings, ONE scoop of Mac n cheese and a good amount of collard greens that had a funny taste to them. I sent the collard greens back and I got mashed sweet potatoes and they were really good. I ordered seafood mac n cheese to go since I had one turkey wing left and because I didn't have enough regular Mac n cheese to save. I got home and I opened my container and it look like on scoop and a half of seafood mac for $13.50. Really?! They don't have to worry about me coming back..smdh
Nice atmosphere food was pretty good. That cornbread is a must try, thank me later. Since my last visit, the things I tried today did lack flavor. Presentation of food I must say was great. Good service, seated quickly upon arrival. Shrimp hush puppies look amazing didn't taste good though. 

Mac & Cheese was more cheese than elbow noodles greasy and all cheese. More of an  artery clogging experience as oppose to a guilty pleasure. Fried cabbage didn't have any flavor, everything else was wonderful! Make sure to make reservations but of course, you would know that! Not sure if I will come back for a third visit.
The food was pretty good the service was great I thought like the Drinks was a little bit more expensive because they had a live band but we was not  even in the same room to enjoy their music but Friday nights is karaoke and that was fun
Had dinner here tonight, service was horrendous had to flag someone down just to get water no one took our drink order. Had in incident involving manager Darryl Greene which left me and my sister feeling offended, when we spoke to him after our meal he was argumentative and unapologetic. He was extremely unprofessional I have been in customer service for many years and when a customer has a complaint they should be listened to and given an apology
Relish is in the heart of the hood, and I did not have a time when I was here the place was very crowded and we were seated late for our reservation because the other party was still eating, when we were Seated the waitress was very nasty had a very bad attitude then when the manager comes over I think his name was bobby he was very rude as well and had a nasty attitudes is an poor excuse for a manager and he had bald spots in his head with also was unacceptable for a manager to have. I will never come back to this place t eat.
Y'all. Overrated is not even THEE word. I don't get the hype. I can't believe that my fellow Yelpers deceived me like this.

We came about 10-15 minutes before our reservation for Sunday brunch and was seated about 5 minutes after. So the wait time wasn't bad. Once we were seated we headed over to the buffet and personally speaking I've seen bigger buffets but at this point, I was trying not judge just yet. Took a stroll around the buffet, they had a bit of a variety of food: waffle, omelette and pasta stations; BBQ and fried chicken; fried fish; shrimp and grits; challah French toast; home fries; curry chicken salad; Caesar salad; fruit salad; small desserts; etc. 

All that I stated above was practically majority of the buffet. I managed to get a pasta and omelette made to my liking with Caesar salad, fruit, turkey bacon, curry chicken salad and fried fish. Y'ALL! The best thing on my plate was that fried fish and that's probably cause I added hot sauce to it. The rest of the food was... meh. I can't believe I was in a soul food place where the food was not seasoned. The only reason why they are getting two stars is one because of the wait time and the other because the waitress was nice. But it even took long for her to come around at times. Also, the drinks weren't bad. It could be good for a happy hour but as a person who goes to many brunches and places to eat in the tristate area, I was disappointed in the quality of the food. The food was overpriced. Those who gave 4 or 5 stars truly hasn't been to a good brunch.
I hosted a birthday party for a loved one at Relish this past Saturday night. It was amazing! We had a party of 40+ including attendees from the age of 1 on up to 96. The birthday girl as well as every single guest in attendance had nothing but praise for Relish. The experience was just great from start to finish. I really appreciated the integrity, professionalism and patience that I experienced throughout the entire event. The establishment, event coordinator, Sherri Lee Stevens and all of the staff, food, ambiance, etc was just wonderful. We had a few mishaps come up on our end (overbooking, tardiness, etc); however, the wonderful Relish staff was able to work everything out for us, with a smile! I really can't say enough nice things about the place. If I ever have to host another event in Philadelphia, I'll definitely book Relish again. I highly recommend it.
Dined here with out of town guest a few weeks ago. I noticed the pasta station was new since I was last there. My pasta was DELICIOUS!!!!!! I barely touched my breakfast food!!!! The server was nice. We ordered the new item, Hennessy sangria and it too was DELICIOUS!!! Their salads are pretty good. The pastries always go fast and aren't replenished quick enough. 

I wouldn't recommend making reservations after 1pm because they start shutting down for their 3pm close. I felt rushed. The selections weren't replenished and one server just threw some shrimp into the grits :-( I went back for pasta station and the cook was distracted with their co-worker that she forgot my chicken and of course by the time I noticed the station had been broken down. 

I wish the area to get food was bigger. You really don't have space to move; always bumping into people. 

Overall the staff is courteous. A good place to eat if you have patience. The wait to be seated is always a bit. Enjoy!
Service and food was absolutely great! Drink was on point and definitely left me with a nice buzz. The live music was also great. All the food, even the vegetables was seasoned to perfection. Nothing was salty. Good breading on crab cakes and shrimp.
The Sunday Brunch Buffett was worth the trip. The food selections were broad and plentiful. I was able to stuff myself while listening to good music and enjoy great conversation. I've only been this establishment for dinner so I must say the brunch was just as good.
I knew I would not feel like cooking on NYE so I proposed to my hubby that we get take out from Relish and he obliged... The ordering process was very easy and directions were very clear but the pick up was disappointing - I selected a 7pm pick up time and our food was not available until ~8:30pm... I was HANGRY by the time we got our food.

When we arrived home, the food was lukewarm so we had to reheat it BUT everything tasted amazing! I ordered a short rib platter, which came with sweet potato purée and a mix of collards and cabbage; my hubby ordered the fried chicken platter, served with potatoes and the collard and cabbage mix also. Both platters were also served with appetizer samplers and dessert samplers - yum, yum, yum... The appetizer platter contained a Caesar salad topped with lump crab meat (no shell residue), 2 halves of jerk chicken rolls, 2 scallops wrapped in bacon and a deviled egg topped with shrimp... Again, deeeelicious!!! In addition to this, there was also a black eyed pea stew added as well as a side of cornbread. All accompaniments were just what I needed (but didn't know - lol). I could not finish my food in one sitting because it was so much but I will be eating my leftovers - lol.

I would highly recommend getting take out from Relish or dining in (when possible); the food is great and prepared to perfection and the prices aren't bad. I've dined here a few times pre-COVID with small groups and the ambiance of the restaurant is lively and the music is on point along with the food.

Final note to management - please prepare better in the future. It was a big let down to show up at my reserved pick up time to learn that my order was not ready (until 90 mins later)... If people show up to support your establishment and pay their hard earned money for a decent meal, you and your associates should be giving your best also... Please do better!
if blackpeoplemeet.com was a place,⁣⁣ it's address would land at Relish.⁣⁣ their weekend brunch⁣⁣ used to be my happy place, but their take-out delivers the same familiar happiness. great food (and if the world evers open again: warm atmosphere, too). go! support!
Today is 9/13/2019.I just left relish an establishment I've  frequented on numerous occasion's. Generally the food is tasty and hot,but on this particular evening my wife and i was very disappointed in our meal.  I ordered the three course special which consisted of soup,oxtails, mac and cheese and collard greens.  My wife ordered the fried chicken,collard greens and mac and cheese . Well both meals were brought out before my soup that was supposed to be an appetizer. My oxtails were cold,not even luke warm but cold,so I sent them back. My wife's chicken was dried out like it had been sitting for a while. The mac and cheese was dry along with the collard greens. The food was bland at best. They finally brought out my soup which was pretty good. The cornbread is always very good. But when the waitress returned with my oxtails(after they have been microwaved)  tasted very bland and got cold soon after my first initial taste. Over all the waitress was friendly and we gave her a good tip. But the food was cold,bland and dry. I was very disappointed at the fact I've been supporting this establishment for years along with their other restaurants,warmdaddies and zanzibar blue. And my the last few times at relish was not good at all. I love to support black owned businesses but I will not continue to patronize bad service. I'm hoping that this reaches someone and that they make changes,but as for now I will not be returning.
The brunch buffet is pricey but worth it. My husband suggests they add the juice to create balanced pricing. I thino its all good. After having a nightmare of an experience when it was converting fron sadiki's we hadnt come back until about a year ago. They have done a complete 180 the service is good and the food is impeccable.  The turkey breast smothered in turkey bacon gravy is manna from heaven.
My second time here. I was a little let down. I was here 3 years ago and since I know that some things change I didn't know it would go down. I made reservations to eat here the night before we drive to NYC. I was pumped up about the food remembering how it was a few years back. We arrived there on time and only waited a few minutes to be seated. I gave specific instructions on the seating arrangements and they were not met. This place wasn't packed, roughly 50%occupied. Before we walked in, we reviewed previous comments about Relish and they were not good. 

They still have the live band playing across the way by the bar and they were ok. The waitress walked up to us about 3 minutes after we sat down. I got a Long Island and my lady got a Gin&Tonic. They were not good. They did get there quick. Our appetizers didn't take long to come which was a blessing cause a brutha was hungry! The entrees didn't take long either. The food was just ok. The staff was great except for the host who gave me bad seating. Again, the food was just ok. It was like bad foreplay. I am a guy of second chances but I'm not sure about this one. I'm not sure if it's new management but whatever it is, it should be better. We spent $126.00 on food and tip for a meal I could have eaten at my cousins house. Let's not mention the cost to ride Uber to and from there. Exactly 5 miles away from the hotel and a straight shot. We decided to Uber because I wanted to be responsible because I was ready to get nice and tipsy.  That alcohol was like watered down Kool-Aid...SMH
Relish is amazing! Came here on a Saturday afternoon with my Mom and Sister. There was no wait- YES! 

The cornbread is sooo good! 

Appetizer- Cajun Deviled Eggs With Shrimp. Delicious!

My Entree- Mango Glazed Atlantic Salmon with Asparagus and Mac n Cheese. This was by far the best salmon I've ever had from a restaurant. The asparagus and mac n cheese were delicious as well.
Went here for a girls night out on 3/23/19. Hostess was great, server was nice and friendly. The food was just ok. The cornbread was excellent. Hands down. 
I ordered the stuffed salmon after asking the waiter for recommendations. The stuffed salmon was tasteless and mounted with white tasteless creamy sauce, stuffed with artificial crabmeat and over done shrimp. I was very disappointed. However, the spinach and macaroni and cheese was excellent. The Caesar salad tasted ok, but was drenched in dressing.
I was in town for the weekend and was recommended this spot by a good friend of mine. Relish exceeded all my expectations for brunch I must say. The food selection was amazing and will have you indecisive on what you want to put on your plate.  Everything was hot and the food tasted amazing. They even had a pasta bar which I have never seen before. The entire staff was nice and the atmosphere was amazing giving off soulful vibes. Coming from somebody who really enjoys a good brunch and been to plenty all over, Relish is a new fave of mine now. If you're ever in need of a good brunch spot please do not hesitate to stop by Relish you will not be disappointed!!!
The mac & cheese was salty.  The cornbread was delicious. The turkey wings were good. The devil eggs were different.  The drinks were OK. The best part about our visit was the live entertainment.
I've gone for brunch but this was my first time for dinner.  I have been dying to get here since I smelled the aroma of   seafood Mac n cheese fill the office air at work.  A colleague brought in leftovers for lunch...what a tease!  Needless to say I'm finally here and it's the first thing I order.  The smell far outweighed the taste.  What a disappointment!!!  The cheese was not ooey gooey the shrimp were over cooked and tasted like hard balls of rubber throughout.  My soul food sampler was ok it was a variety of favorites.  I only wish they would cook the chicken to order instead of pre-frying then frying again to reheat.  However the relish rolls saved the day.  It was nothing special won't be back anytime soon.
The Worst Deviled Eggs I ever tasted  it had too much mustard and something was spoiled. I didn't taste anything Cajun so don't waste your money the menu sounds better than the taste.
By far my worst experience here and I'm surprised. I came to visit here with my aunt and son to enjoy their 3 course fixed menu. I ordered my son chicken fingers. The first set of fingers came out fried hard as rocks. His second plate were fish sticks instead of chicken fingers which thank god my son didn't eat because he has a seafood allergy! The third plate was fine however by then my son had eaten a lot of what was on my plate that he was full. I had high expectations because my family has come here for years but this visit put a horrible taste in my mouth. Not to mention our third course desert, we had to remind our server about. Probably won't visit again, this place seems like its run its course.
