The hosts had a look like 'how can I help you?' without saying it out loud so I said, 'it's just me'. With that I was immediately seated and given a comfortable few minutes to review things. My server approached and offered drink special information. I went for a local beer, 'I like beer'!  Churchville lager I like a lot. After a few questions about sandwiches I went for my go to pizza. The Americana (?) is just basically pepperoni pizza. It came out in less than 7 minutes but it was perfection. The crust was the right thickness not doughy or or too much sauce. The only thing that was off was it was hot just not piping like fresh out of the oven. But I have no complaints about the food or my server.

The decor is wood paneling walls and exposed beams, a nice above ground basement vibe. The pizza was good the restaurant clean and organized but slightly expensive for a personal size pizza. If they have Happy Hour deals during the week I would consider returning if not, it's not worth another trip.
Old City,  I will say you never fail to amaze me. There is a cluster of establishments located everywhere trying to win you over. Competition at its finest I say and Revolution House you my friend have a great spot.  

What are some of the things an establishment needs to be successful? 

1st-
This is most important, with it being number 1  is .... Location, Location , LOCATION!  Revolution House is located right on the corner of 2nd and Market. This is a heavily populated street with hundreds or thousands of people walking by every day.

2nd- 
The service ~ The service, well it is pretty close to being number 1 . This is key to any establishment if you want those patrons to return. Once you make the customer feel comfortable, accommodate to their needs as best as you can, they will return with more to their group. You get word of mouth out there on how a place treated you, you're pretty much golden.

3rd-
Food and Beverage~  If any establishment can provide you with great refreshments (i.e. crafts, mixed drinks, etc..)  along with some pretty unique flavorful food you know you'll be back. 

Revolution House has all 3 of these things going for them with Noelle bar tending making sure your get what you need. Rotating drafts so you'll never be locked down to the same old choices, with the option to go with flights so you could peruse the different crafts. Lets face it it gets boring after a while seeing the same old beers. The crafts are great , their mixed concoctions are up there with some great mixtures. The libation gods would definitely approve.

Revolution House even goes a step further with  their own pizza and breads they make in house , not that frozen DiGiorno , or Red Barren crap. These guys actually make it in front of you served hot and fresh. 

Their Margherita pizza is pretty much on point with that tomato sauce, basil mixed together playing havoc with your taste buds. Their Lobster Pot Pie is on point with nice pieces of lobster mixed with veggies , and herbs that is held in with their puffy flaky crust. I know its unreal , but kiddies there is more to their fantastic menu of deliciousness. I had also tried their Grilled Octopus and Artichoke that comes with their flat bread. Unbelievable another must order, ok scratch that, their whole menu is a must order. 

Revolution House is a great spot to make it a night out  and relax. They have 2 floors, both are spacious and accommodating with an outside deck. Who doesn't like a deck to just relax and enjoy the evening. With  Spring ,Summer and Fall weathers you know this is a hot spot with the view of the city .

Ok so lets do a recap here shall we. We have Noelle, who is a great bartender, great service, awesome decor inside, great food, great drinks to be had.  What else is there to say, but to just go in and enjoy.
This is a great little spot to check out if you're ever in Old City.

I met up with some friends here since it's literally a stone's throw from the MFL. It has a comfy and yet very classy vibe inside. There is lots of space at the bar and plenty of high-top tables to crowd around with your crew. 

The bartender was a total sweetheart and the service was fantastic. The selection is decent--somewhere around ten beers on draft and plenty more bottled choices as well. 

I didn't get a chance to try the food, but the options seemed tasty. Overall, we had a very nice experience here. Nothing terribly special, but no complaints either.
While I could give five stars alone to the amazing transformation that they delivered upon the grounds that used to house the garbage juice that was Snow White (Can only find a review link to the old Rittenhouse location. But if this Snow White was a fairy tale it would be the 50 Shades of Grey and Grease edition - http://www.yelp.com/biz/snow-white-philadelphia)! But I do have to curve down  a star for the menu not being as inventive as similar bars in the Old City proper. But regardless, If I'm looking for a suitable beer bar with a roof deck to enjoy brick oven pizza and homemade tater tots in, I can't think f another spot that I'd rather be in!

Up until now Old City has been one of those Philly spots that has really been lacking a bar/restaurant with a suitable roof deck. So the fact that Revolution House provides one that can offer a suitable view of the Continental, a bit of Penn's Landing, First Friday revelers, and a bit of the hot mess that usually befalls upon Old City evenings speaks miles. But despite it being a packed destination on warm weather (and some winter) occasions, it manages to maintain a roomy atmosphere.

Taking a star off for the menu is by no means a poor reflection on it, just a note that it doesn't offer to many stand out items that you won't be able to find at several other nearby locations. But with that said, from the juicy burgers (that are very accommodating with extra ingredients like bacon and fried eggs) and the fresh made brick oven pizzas, to seafood additions like sauteed mussels and lemon & crab encrusted salmon, with plenty of snacks like hand cut fries and steamed edamame; the menu is quite plentiful and filled with a good mish mash of pub grub that's made from fresh ingredients. And house made tiramisu and Franklin Fountain provided ice cream & sorbet does leave plenty of incentive to save room for dessert.

the beer does run plentifully and the draught list rotates semi-frequently. You'll also find plenty of special beer themed events like the Troegs Mad Elf and Dream Weaver mash up on Dec. 14th. But you'll also find an amicable selection of wine and spirits to wet your whistle.
Let me say positive things first, considering how few positive things I have to say. The rooftop bar, the decent drink selection, and the location are all brighter spots to the otherwise dull and rude Revolution House. When roaming around Old City's many bars and restaurants, it is a painless stop along the way. 

Efforts to remain professional aside, the 10 minutes I spent in Revolution House comprised the worst experience I've had in any Philadelphia restaurant. Looking to grab a drink during happy hour, my parents and I stopped in at 6:50 pm, admittedly toward the end of happy hour but with time nonetheless. It took us 5 minutes for them to - rather unwillingly - show us to a high-top table adjacent the bar. I asked which drafts were available for the happy hour and our waitress said that happy hour was finished. I said, "Well, it is 6:55," to which she replied, "My computer says 7:00 and it's automatic. Sorry." 

Having worked in restaurants and having enjoyed many a Philadelphia happy hour, the very least our waitress could have done was ask a manager. Instead, she offered a patronizing smile and walked away. We decided to leave, and as I turned around to grab my pack, I saw our waitress roll her eyes and take our water glasses away. 

It's just bad business. I understand there are policies that waiters and waitresses have to follow, but why not do everything possible to make a good first impression on new customers? In all likelihood, I won't be returning to Revolution House. There are plenty of great restaurants and bars in Old City, much less Philadelphia. Across the street is The Continental, one of the culinary highlights of the city. Instead of wasting money on a mediocre drink selection, try Cuba Libre or Eulogy Belgian Tavern on 2nd, or Fork on Market. In my experience, those places are much more fun and they actually act as if they want your business.
Quick and easy review starting now: 
Came in here while the Germany soccer game was on bc the place next door was too packed....Glad I did!  

The Bartender "Noelle" was VERY knowledgeable and knew her way around the bar pretty well!   All the drinks were GREAT!  She also knew the menu pretty good too! 

We ordered....

Guacamole- fresh and good..

Tater tots: like little fried mashed potatoes w cheese puffs , very good 

Crab Wontons-  SLAMMING

Lobster Pot Pie- SUPER SLAMMING

Grilled Octopus and Artichokes- SLAMMING

All and all this place is a homerun, great decor, food and service....

Happy Jason.   
The End
Normally I'm not big on going to brand new restaurants. It usually takes them 60-90 days to find their groove. But with the fair weather this weekend, a rooftop terrace was called for. I arrived before my friends, and put my name in for a table on the roof. I was told it might be a half hour wait, but when my friends arrived a few minutes later, we were immediately seated.  Walking through the first floor, the decor is fairly upscale, but except for the bar it was mostly empty, as most guests favored the roof.

There's another bar upstairs, and some indoor seating as well, but the true focus is clearly that terrace, which has about 10 tables. The deck is lined by flowers and plantings, and the street noise wasn't terrible for being one of the loudest intersections in the city. The tables aren't squeezed in too badly, so it's a nice open air vibe. One problem though is that the chairs are very narrow and uncomfortable.

While we were seated immediately, and brought water, it took a few minutes for our waitress to get to us, which was exacerbated by the table's lack of a drink menu. Realising the error, she came back quickly to order our drinks. The beer and wine list is small but diverse, although the prices are a bit steep, with most of the beers being more expensive than I'm used to in Philly. The sangria we had was good, but again on the pricey side.

We started with appetisers of tater tots and antipasto. The tots were excellent, with parmesan cheese lending them a hush puppy like texture and rich flavor, which was balanced pretty well by the mustard aioli accompanying them. An antipasto plate was more disappointing, with thinly sliced soppresseta, cubed sharp provolone, pita bread and olives too closely resembling a supermarket party tray.

For entree, I had the revolution burger, which follows the growing trend of topping the burger with a fried egg. Unexpectedly, the burger is served in half of a pita, which makes it a bit interesting to eat, and necessitates several meatless bites. Maybe if they made the burger less circular, it wouldn't be slightly awkward. The fries it came with were great though, thick cut and crispy.

The pizzas we saw coming by looked very good, and are the typical bar-pizza size. They have a full page of the menu devoted to the pizza options, but as with the other pages, the prices seemed high. It feels like they are trying to be a higher end place, or maybe to cater more to tourists and night-on-the-town crowds rather than locals.

The service was good for a place that had been opened so briefly, although our server did have a habit of hovering and waiting for the conversation to stop, which can be off-putting. The roofdeck also clearly led to some confused looks by potential customers, as they looked inside and saw empty tables before passing by.

I think the problem I had is that Revolution house isn't quite sure what it wants to be yet. The menu lacks mid range options, with few entrees under $15, but the appetizers are reasonable. Aside from the great roofdeck, it feels like it's destined to be a tourist trap, safely upscale for out of towners. Maybe it's just the old city vibe that does it in. They did a great job rehabbing the corner restaurant, but it doesn't yet feel like a place I'd want to visit regularly.
Revolution House is a perfect place to go to in Old City. I had previously been here once for dinner, but recently came here for brunch on a Saturday morning. 

They don't take reservations on the weekends, but there was no wait and we got to sit at a table on the roof deck. They open at 10:30 and we got here around 11, but as we were leaving it was beginning to fill up. 

The roof deck is great, it's filled with greenery, lights and there is plenty of shade. The view of piers landing is great too. 

As for the food, I had the french toast and a mimosa. The french toast is made with texas toast and it was delicious. The menu had plenty of sweet and savory options all at super reasonable prices. I will definitely be back here soon!
This is a cute little spot to stop for a quick and causal brunch if you're in the area. There's a nice outdoor rooftop area on the 2nd floor with tables to eat at. I loved their cheese steak egg rolls with spicy ketchup and their homemade bread was so delicious!
Storm watches and tornado warnings were blowing up my phone on this rainy night in Philadelphia and do you know where the perfect place was to be? The Revolution House. Upstairs on the screened-in rooftop deck with glowy lighting and big picture windows and pattering rain sounds. We ordered a caesar salad that was crisp and delicious along with a mixed mushroom pizza, with fontina, spinach and truffle oil with a delicious chewy sturdy crust and Blue Moons with which to wash it all down. My friend had an art show not far so we were able to walk here, eat delicious food, listen to the rain and enjoy good service. I like this place. Especially on a stormy week night.
Two months later, I've been here several times, and I won't be going back.

When I first went, the burger was $8, and included cheese. Now at $9, with cheese an extra $1.50, it's not good enough to justify not  just going to National Mechanics for their $6 burger lunch special.

They've also replaced their really good burger bun with a pita? Bizarre.

Each time I've been, the waitstaff has seemed brand new, and I've never seen the same waiter twice. The turnover is really killing them.

Also, a 12oz bottle of Yuengling should never be $5.
Second time at this location. This time we were able to sit on the rooftop. Service was very slow. Almost as if the waiter forgot about us and all we got were drinks. The view is nice and it's cool for happy hour or a nice summer day but the service was the only downside.
I enjoyed my experience here, however, my friend not so much. The hostess and waitress were both friendly as we arrived and were seated. The place wasn't too crowded and our waitress was patient with us. 

My favorite part is the homemade tator tots. They are delicious. I would definitely suggest getting them if you come here. For my meal, I got a veggie burger and instead of a bun it came out on a pita looking thing. At first I thought that was weird, but to my surprise I ended up liking it a lot more than a bun. It allows you to actually enjoy the burger. Also you don't have to worry about the bun being too thick or too dry. This is something I'd actually prefer going forward! The fries and dipping sauces were also good

My friend ordered Mac and cheese which neither one of us really liked. It was a bit watery and very lacking in flavor. It could've used a lot more seasoning and a lot more cheese. It didn't taste very cheesy and didn't have that cheesy texture. I wouldn't order this again but I'd come for the other food.
Came here after dinner, and had a truly lovely time. Alex was working alone at the bar serving the whole upper floor (minimum occupancy 80%). He not only made our drinks to perfection (made recommendations as well, yuh hurd) but made time to converse with us. It's been such a long time since we've been able to sit bar side and Alex made the experience so much more memorable. 

Pros: Alex & company, aesthetic of the upper floor, outdoor area, location.
Cons: can't even think of one
Solid beer selection but the food here is just ok. I wouldn't be opposed to eating here again but I don't know if I'd necessarily suggest it.  It is a great spot however, to grab a few drinks with friends. 

Some other perks? Location, the staff is really nice and accommodating, and they have a pretty spiffy roof deck for nice days (if you can grab a seat that is).

My only major complaint honestly is the see-through mesh staircase. Who thought that was a good idea?
I was wary of coming in because of the low ratings, but decided to risk it anyway. Ordered the Duck Skins (similar to potato skins, but with chopped potatoes and duck in a little mountain on a plate).It was delicious. It was a little loud where I was seated upstairs, but that's because the place is pretty casual and seems to be popular with groups. All in all a nice place to grab something to eat.
Vacilating between 3 & 4 stars.
We came here with a party of 6 (2 little kids and 4 adults) and sat outside on the roof deck upstairs (NICE!!!).

The mesh staircase freaked out my kid pretty badly (and me, too!).

Meanwhile our server was so patient and kind.  Brought the kids "mocktails" in martini glasses and extra slices of orange to nibble on.

We all shared a mushroom pizza - very good.
Lasagna cupcakes were a cute idea, but poorly executed (dry pasta on the bottom, huge glob of ricotta on top).  Maybe some more sauce?

The best bite for me was the beet salad - a lettuce-free composed plate of red and golden beets, sliced almonds, thinly slice cucumber and a medallion of yummy (and not too goaty) goat cheese.  Sweet and tasty (albeit, perhaps, a bit too sweet on the dressing).  Would re-order for sure.

A fun place for a post-Arden-theatre bite.  Even the cast eats here!
I had the time of my life in Revolution House near Penn's Landing on a Thursday. After walking a few miles, we stopped in for AC, a place to rest our feet and a beverage. In doing so, my colleague and I met the nicest couple and Mark, one of the coolest bartenders known to man. He made sure to mention the happy hour items were noted on the menu with an asterisk and were half off. Upon noticing the tater tots were housemade and filled with cheese, I decided the HH price was too good to pass up. I am not a tot lover but I love their tots and would have bought a T-shirt saying so if they had 'em! This soft cheesy flavorful carb is pretty spectacular and was the perfect finger food carb for time spent at the watering hole. 


Our amazing bartender impressed the nice couple and apparently a slew of others so much so that a group of ladies celebrating their nuptials returned for a happy hour cocktail. Interestingly, 3 were wearing banners and it was a group of about 8-9. He alone is reason enough to visit.
So we went in for a Sunday afternoon, just a random thought. Staff was friendly and place was busy for a Sunday at 3. 
We sat upstairs. Service was good. Might of been a bit understaffed for a busy Sunday. Our server came over got our drink order. My girl asked about the soup of the day, he replied.... yeah , no it ain't good today. We both loved his honesty. Ordered up some appetizers and drinks
And my girl ordered the prime rib grilled cheese... which was awesome, a bit salty but good
I got the morning jam burger... had this topping bacon jam.... yeah that shit was banging!!!!! Like it was bacon candy!!! 
And also the bathrooms were clean and on point too.

Anyway good atmosphere, good food, nice staff. Great drinks.

Definitely worth checking out
I came here with a group of 9 people on a weeknight during rush.  There are two floors and we surprisingly got seated right away,  on the second level next to a screened in porch. It was a beautiful night.  There may be gratuity of 20% for parties of 6 or more.  We told the waiter ahead of time that we would need separate checks,  and because of this,  no gratuity added.  There was a wide variety of beverages,  full bar. The menu was pretty expansive.  I had the southern fried chicken with cheesy potatoes and green beans.  Everything that came out looked delicious.  It was fun and tasty.
It's hard for me to write this review because I've been here many times and have had some great times. For my 21st we had the upstairs for a brunch, which was EXCELLENT. The food, drinks, service .... everything! We also had my sisters bachelorette party dinner here and again... EXCELLENT. The grilled cheese is amazing, but so is all of the food, I can't say a bad thing about it. 
   More recently, a few of us went here for dinner and asked if they were seating outside. They said yes and happily took us to our table outside on the sidewalk. 30 minutes pass and not a single person approaches us, all while workers walked by us inside not stopping or making a single effort to serve us. So we left and went next door to marmont, which was great. Unfortunately, the bad left a BAD taste in our mouths. We will be back eventually, but with all the great restaurants in the area, its not first on our list.
It was a beautiful day, so one of our coworkers suggested eating here for lunch, specifically on the second floor on the upstairs bar. Unfortunately, there was no seating so we had to settle eating curb side. We were instantly solicited by panhandlers which was why we wanted 

The food was okay, I had the chicken bombs and shared some risotto balls.  The risotto balls could've used more  salt. Overall, the meal wasn't all that special and the prices weren't all that great either. Ambiance would've helped out but we couldn't get onto the second floor.
I didn't expect much out of this spot. I have heard very little among my circle of friends, and I'm not the biggest fan of old city in general. However, I loved the service, the atmosphere was perfect to catch up with friends (not too loud), and the food was pretty good too! I had the margherita pizza and tried the tater tots made with  sweet potato.

I look forward to returning, particularly in the springtime when I can take advantage of the roofdeck.
Ordered a simple margherita pizza from Revolution House but wasn't expecting it to impress me!  There was something about the fresh mozzarella - it was distinctly rich yet light.  Picture drinking skim milk regularly, and then you take that first sip of whole milk...oohh...that's exactly what biting into this pizza felt like.  The mozzarella was exceptional and the star of the pizza.  I appreciate the thin yet chewy crust. The tomato sauce was savory and tangy, just to my liking. Topped off with fresh basil. Muah!! Itsa greata pizza!  Quality ingredients shining bright.

We sat out on the sidewalk on Pride Day in Philly.  Nice outdoor setting. The servers were nice and checked on us regularly. Good for a bite if you're in the area.
The upstairs terrace is lovely, maybe go for a drink. The food is overpriced and tastless. The pizza crust was soggy :( Won't be going back.
Service was non-existent. Brunch menu was okay, a lot of common breakfast items that are overpriced. I had pancakes and a side of sausage for $11.5.  They were good, but not enough to pay that amount and still enjoy it.  It has a good location, and will probaly be full of jersey kids bussed in on a fri or sat night. But after the new resteraunt aura disappears, it will be interesting to see what becomes of this place.
This review is for the atmosphere, light bites and bar upstairs. 
The service was incredible. My bartender Deanna was top notch. She crafted me cocktails that were high end and she paid attention to every detail. Watching her make my cocktail allowed me to have much more respect for bartenders. She was attentive and prompt which is two characteristics of a great bartender.
The atmosphere upstairs is sultry but casual. The decor is high end but has a comforting feel. The light bites provided were full of flavor- this is great to see from a bar with typical American flair.
I will definitely be returning here in the future to sit outside on the roof deck.
The food was decent - service is complete shit.  Had to send back a basic egg dish because they were overlooked and got the replacement more than 20 minutes later and after the other plates had been cleared from the table.  Had to ask for silverware for each person at the table when the plates arrived - meaning they kept coming back one at a time with individual silverware settings. Three separate people went out on a scout mission to find silverware before finally striking gold.  When we asked out server if a dish came with toast she said no.  So we ordered toast. Sure enough the dish came with the "house bread."  Duh?!  So the toast was left for the trash.  Listen - I know not everyone in the world wins a Nobel Prize in physics, but shouldn't most people at least be able to rub two brain cells together??  Apparently the Revolution House hires from the coma ward at the local hospital.
Didn't realize that happy hour existed on the weekend! I've come here for happy hour several Saturday afternoons since I made this discovery. During happy hour, their margherita pizzas are only $6 (it can definitely feed 2), and a few of their beers are half price. Definitely check out the roof deck or if it's full the upstairs bar at least. I always have a good time here!

Also, if you don't come here for happy hour, be sure to use the yelp check in for a buy one beer get one free deal!
I have been here quite a few times for quite a few different reasons. Here are my highlights....

+ if you check in on Yelp you get a free beer
+ they have an awesome upstairs deck to sit and it's even open when it's cold
+ they have Omission gluten free beer
+ the atmosphere and seating upstairs is pretty sweet (yep I like the upstairs)
+ they take LevelUp
+ they have a great brunch menu and brunch food was delicious

- the bar staff isn't always the friendliest or have much personality (wish I would have had @Benjamin M.'s bartender haha)
- if you sit in the bar area you have to go up to the bar yourself which can take a long time to get a drink (call me pampered but I still like a waiter)
- can be pricey for drinks, but they are all delicious
- other menu food is just ok
Came here on a whim and I am very happy that I did. 

We walked inside and the bartender greeted us and said the host would be with us momentarily. It was nice of him to acknowledge us, despite tending to a somewhat filled bar. When the hostess came over, we asked if we could sit on the rooftop and she walked us upstairs and sat us in the corner of the rooftop with an amazing view of town. 

Our server's name was Cas. She was so helpful and sweet! We started with the tater tots with cheese sauce as our appetizer and I got the Ahi Tuna salad. She assured me that I had made a great choice when I ordered the salad. She was right! It was a healthy option that was totally yummy. Just the right amount of dressing and toppings. 
My boyfriend got the BBQ pulled pork sandwich, which I failed to get a picture of. It came with a side of fries. He said it was absolutely delicious. 

Cas came over several times to check on us and refilled our glasses of water when she saw they were empty. It was an absolute pleasure dining here because she took great care of us. 
Right before we left, we saw a storm was brewing and Cas encouraged us to stay as long as we'd like after we had paid to avoid getting soaked in the rain. We stayed at our table and chatted, and she continued to come over and refill our water glasses. Over the top service!!! Thank you, Cas! 

Will most definitely be returning when I'm in the area! There's a variety of restaurants nearby, but I'll be a loyal customer to Revolution House because of the amazing service and food they provided.
Dinner before the festival.. Stopped in for a quick meal before attending the film festival. The place was lively and upbeat. The staff was friendly and the service was good. 

The menu seemed a little too "junk foody" to me. While there was ample choices, there didn't seem to be an abundance of healthy menu options. I opted for the chicken tempura salad. The salad was served with ample chicken and great salad greens! The dressing was ok, but nothing spectacular. The salad was served with the bacon ranch dressing and I asked for another vinaigrette dressing to accompany it. The server kept bringing me the wrong dressing. Overall all the service was ok and the food was good. 

This seems to be a good spot for a quick bite or a happy hour for friends, but not somewhere to have a good hearty meal/
I've been to Rev House two times in my life.  Both were not because I chose to go, and there will probably never come a time when I choose to go there.

The service is always good, but some of the servers seem bored to be there, and show litle or no emotion while serving their patrons.  I'm not expecting my server to turn into Bernie Mac when they arrive at the table or anything, but a little personality goes a long way.  If you don't like your job, get a new one.

The food is good, but I've never had anything that's made me say 'woooowwwww this is greaaaaaat'  ...   ugh.

The drinks are just as mediocre as the food.  

I love the roof deck tho.

Yeah. Ho hum, Rev House... Ho Hum.
Great atmosphere at Revolution House! Couldn't say a bad thing about this place if I tried. I felt safe as the entire restaurant/bar was sanitized and all employees took safety precautions. It was truly a beautiful summer evening up on the rooftop and had an amazing experience with Alex the bartender! Alex was everything you'd hope for in a bartender- personable, kind, attentive and made wonderful recommendations for food and drinks. Cant say enough wonderful things about Alex-- he engaged with us the entire time on top of fulfilling orders, and even taught us a few things about Philadelphia/made suggestions for the rest of our stay. We will definitely be back again thanks to Alex! He's second to none!

Cheers! Will be back VERY soon!
Food is OK here...nothing spectacular but service is great and their rooftop patio is beautiful. 

Made a reservation in advance. Came here on a Tuesday around 6. Seated right away by very friendly staff. Happy hour was going on - very small happy hour menu. Only 4 items that are 50% off. 

We split the Margherita pizza, chicken skewers (which are actually wings) and the tater tots. All 3 were good, I'd have to say the tater tots were by far my favorite. SO delicious!!

Also have a great cocktail menu. Tried the Summertime and loved it.  

Overall, good place for happy hour, but wouldn't come back for an actual meal.
Came here bc i saw on Yelp that they had buffalo chicken dip..dip was good i gave only 4 stars bc it woulda been sooo much better if u had the option to have them with nacho chips. Other than that everything was peaceful and delightful there. I sat at the bar with Alicia as my bartender, she was nice. I came 2 mons early and they were nice enough to let me in to get out of the heat
Probably would have scored a 4star on any other night than a Saturday night.  Waiter(s) 3 of them upstairs were a bit busy and more of a focus on a bachelorette party going on.  

After about several minutes the bus boy acknowledged us, then the waiter showed up after a couple of trips to the big party.  The waiter was nice in offering us choices and must say the firecracker shrimp and homemade cheese filled tots were the bomb.  

Several times everyone else not at the big party table had glasses empty waiting on service...simple task failed.

Ores two different types of pizza and they messed up the order and brought out pizza I guess they wanted us to eat.  

Side note, people, if you're gonna go out in public....CLEAN UP FIRST!  No need for the rest of having to smell nasty ass body oder.  Gag me to death from the dude with a lady who smelled like camel ass.  One would have to know if they smell like nasty ass!

Overall food was good, service fair and the dude at the next table...Uggh!
The decor (nice chandeliers) and prices ($6-12ish for brunch) are not bad.  Neither is the service.  

I didn't really enjoy the food, which was surprising, since it sounded like it would be great.  This place also seemed to be popular, so I thought it must be okay.  I ordered the Betsy Ross omelet with potatoes and 'housemade bread'.  The omelet had spinach, tomato, and feta.  I was expecting a fresh-tasting meal with some fresh-tasting potatoes and fresh bread.  That's not really what I received.

The potatoes tasted reheated for sure.  The bread was a strange and stale-tasting flatbread, which I thought was a huge mismatch with the rest of the food on the plate.  There was random fruit salad on top of all the hot items - maybe to hide the look of the potatoes?  Either way, it made the other food taste like fruit, and the other food made it warm.  The omelet tasted like it had bacon in it - so much so that I asked the server if there was bacon, and she said there was not.  Maybe it was cooked in the same oil as bacon?  I'm not sure.  Either way, I don't usually leave much food on my plate and I did this time.  :(
Recently reopened with new menu and new staff. Checked it out today to support one of our favorite restaurants in the neighborhood. Currently they only have drinks and small plates, so be prepared for that if you go. The food offered is very good even though they are small. The new staff is very friendly and eager to please. Hopefully as they fully open back up some of the larger offerings will return but we understand the current limitations.
I was really hoping this place would be good. I live nearby and their roof-deck seemed liked it would be a great place to bring friends in the summer or grab a drink after work, however, my dream was thoroughly crushed with my first visit. It's super pricey for type of food their offering, and generic cocktails are just shy of $9. The food was edible, but nothing I would return for. (I also thought it was hilarious that a place called "The Revolution House" serves largely Italian food. Nothing says 'American Revolution' like a personal pepperoni pizza. ha.) BUT The kicker was the service. We saw our waitress twice throughout the meal. Once to take our order, and once to yell at us for going to the bar to get our drinks from the bartender after waiting around for her for half hour to come check on us. All in all pretty miserable. In short, though the roof deck is really quite nice and they did a great job with the interior, I would recommend steering clear of their food and their personnel.
Was there on 3/9/13  with friends from out of town.  We ordered 4 bloody Mary's for brunch.  Each had a stalk of salary that was either dirty or had brown wilted leaves on it.  We mentioned it to our server, Jimmy, who then grabbed the celery with brown wilted leaves, broke it off, and said "is that better?"



The bad service continued and we decided not to return.
We were in Philly for the day so on Dave's recommendation we checked out Revolution House. It's located at 200 Market Street on the corner of 2nd and pretty easy to find. We managed to get street parking for a 3 bucks and stopped in for lunch.

This place is old. How old I didn't inquire, but at least 19th century old.  We arrived about 12:30 and easily got a seat at the bar. Revolution has 7 taps and all are craft. There's no room for pedestrian beer. I ordered a pint of Stacy's Mom a great IPA from Evil Genius and was not disappointed. 

I got a pork flatbread for lunch. Sounds shitty doesn't it? It wasn't. It consisted of pork and cheese with collard greens on a fresh flatbread; with a side salad with dressing on the side. Most enjoyable with half the sandwich to take home. 

Service excelled. Worth stopping in!
I came here for brunch one Sunday with a few friends. I had just run a half marathon then couldn't find a cab, so I walked from the Art Museum all the way to Old City. All I wanted was to sit, relax, and enjoy a nice meal. 

Ambiance: Beautiful. We sat on the rood and walked though the nicely decorated restaurant upstairs to sit in the picturesque roof with tons on flowers and great sun. The whole place has a "revolutionary" old school feel... probably hence the name. 

Menu: Typical brunch fare. Lots of Eggs Benny variations. However, I have a BIG complaint!!!! The menu items do not list the sides of the items or details as to what exactly comes with or is on the the dish. Annoying. 

Service: Sucked a big fat D! When we walked in the hostesses and bartenders below seemed to welcome us with open arms. However, once you reach the roof, you are on your own. They seemed to have about 3 servers who were tag-teaming so no one actually knew what was going on or what anyone else was doing. 
Since the menu did not state what the sides were, my friend asked if one dish came with potatoes. The server had no friggen clue but said he would make sure she received potatoes. Turns out, the item did come with potatoes and we were also brought an additional side of potatoes, which we were ALSO charged for! She did not want additional potatoes, just normal potatoes. We tried to bring that up to some server who had not taken our order and we were not given the $2.50 comp. Stupid. Stupid. Stupid. We never even touched the extra side of potatoes. 
I ordered the egg and cheese sandwich. Server and menu did not know if sandwich came with sides. I decided to wing it with the potatoes and I ordered a side of bacon. Should be an option to just add bacon to the sandwich, apparently not. My bacon came out about 15 minutes after my sandwich and after I repeatedly asked for the side of bacon. By the time it arrived, I had eaten my sandwich. The sandwich was pretty lame without bacon. The bacon was completely cold and old looking. The fat had crystallized to white on the surface. It had clearly been last warmed/made over an hour before. I tried a bite and decided not to eat the rest. 
Servers also did not provide utensils, ketchup, etc. Everything you would typically require to eat a meal. Our food came up and we couldn't eat it. Asked one server. Nothing. Asked another server.... 5 min later finally get utensils. No ketchup. Ask again. Bring one tiny thing of ketchup. Ask again, finally get sufficient ketchup for the table. 

So I don't know what the heck happened with our service that day, but if this place wants to stay in business they better step it up. The food wasn't bad, and the restaurant was beautiful. But that can't make up for a terrible brunch experience caused by absolute moronic servers. Definitely would not recommend the rooftop brunch.
Stopped by here last night for the first time looking for a place to grab a drink on their roof deck.  We were told it would be about 25 minutes so we took a seat at the downstairs bar.  It would have been nice if someone had told us there was an upstairs bar, since most of the workers seemed annoyed that we were downstairs.  

The tap list was decent, but nothing to go out of the way for.  After sitting there for a while, we started to notice that people walking in were being taken right up to the roof deck and seated.  When we were finally taken up to the deck to the roof to sit, we sat for 10 minutes without being asked if we wanted anything to drink or eat.  We got up and left.  

Two stars exist because the roof deck is nice and its buy one get one craft beer if you check in on your yelp app.
My friends and I ordered here and picked it up to go
We only ordered one pie of pizza and their tots but everything was just SO a good! 
I can't wait to go back again!
We got the mixed mushroom pizza (fontina, spinach, & truffle oil) which was really delicious. You could taste the truffle oil which was what I was really hoping for 
Then the tots! I wish I ordered two of these because they were so good! These are not like regular tater tots, there more like little potato croquettes which I LOVE so I was super happy when I bit into it! The outside breadcrumbs were perfectly done and the potato inside was just right 
I will definitely be coming back again soon for those tots and pizza
Drinks are weak and expensive. Food took forever on a sparsely populated Sunday afternoon. In fact, our simple order of appetizers still hasn't come as I write this. 
I am sitting on lovely terrace on a beautiful day with a beautiful woman, so life ain't soooo bad. 
Next time, I'll take her somewhere else.
Not too shabby. Great happy hour. Munchies hit the spot. Thanks Jeff for the food selections. Drafts on tap were fantastic.
I went with a few girlfriends just because I wanted to try a rooftop bar and it was close to septa.  We walked in to a gorgeous building with hardwood floors, beautiful decorations, and an all-around cool vibe.  We went to the bar upstairs, and were served by the sweetest bartender of all time.  She was patient while we ordered, and very knowledgeable.  One of my friends who doesn't drink ordered a Shirley Temple, but the bartender asked if she wanted something fancier and enthusiastically went to make her a faujito (fake mojito) for free!  

We sat outside on their beeeeauuuutifullll deck that overlooks 2nd St, and decided to order a pizza 10 minutes before the kitchen closed ... yup .... we were those people.  Apparently the pizza guys had already gone home for the night, so our waiter made us the most delicious pizza ever by himself!  In most cases I would have expected a waiter to come back and tell us we ordered too late, but instead he just took extra time to make us what we wanted.  

Delicious food, great drinks, and exceptional service all around.  I'd definitely recommend for a night out. :)

Oh, and their bathrooms are really nice and clean -- definitely a sign of a good, clean restaurant in my eyes. :)
My friend and I had a wonderful dinner here on the rooftop of Revolution House! The terrace overlooks Penny's Lansing and made for a great atmosphere, paired with attentive and quick service. The waitstaff was notably great in offering recommendations, explaining portion sizes, and refilling drinks. I ordered the Grilled Peach and Watermelon salad, a really hefty serving and all the ingredients paired well (loved the feta). If you're looking for an upgrade but the $5 to add chicken feels like a little much, and it did, the hard boiled egg was a good addition to the salad.
I guess I'm on a 3 star kick.  I would come back to this place but I've definitely experienced better.

I crashed a Penn Alumin happy hour here with a fellow yelper.  We hung at the upstairs bar and had drinks and socialized.  The beer specials were ok, just a dollar off drafts.  The house wine, which I stuck to, was decent for the price but would not be something I would keep at home.

What was disappointing was the pizza.  I ordered a margherita and it came out under-cooked.  It's not like the sauce weighed it down, the dough was just actually underdone.  I wasn't worried about getting ill so I ate a piece or two anyway.  The flavors of the sauce were good along with the fresh mozzerella (also not melted)  Somehow they had crispy basil.  Not sure about that one.  Pizza fail.

For a place sporting an oven like that, you'd think they would turn out better pie.  I think they can do better.
They have a mouse problem. 

I thought it was just one but I saw 4 running around the upstairs deck. 

The food was good.
A nice place to eat in Olde City.  The drinks were fine and the food was eatable.  Wait staff could be a bit quicker, but a solid for stars is deserved.
I stopped by for a quick drink on a Friday night. We got a table outside, which was clutch. The server was really nice. I hate when beer menus lack prices for beers. The prices, once our lovely server checked on them, were alright. 

The Margherita pizza we ordered was pretty decent, even though I've read not so stellar reviews.

Overall good experience, but not great enough for me to rush back.
Our waiter completely ruined the experience. 

Dragged his feet on everything from water refills to bringing our drinks over (the beer was lukewarm and terrible) and constantly served the wrong thing to the wrong person. This should have been an indication of what the bill was like since multiple orders were on the wrong receipt. 

He also didn't let us know ahead of time for any additional charges.

Their sandwiches are good, the bread is made with the same dough as their pizzas, but there are so many amazing sandwich places in the city for the same price or cheaper (National Mechanics, Royal Tavern, Square One Cafe). 

We were on their rooftop deck which was fine for the first 15 minutes and unbearable for the last 30. Perhaps instead of year-round heat lamps, they should switch them out for fans in the summer.
The Revolution House recently reopened under a new menu and presumably a new chef, and this is one the best turnarounds of a restaurant I have ever witnessed. It's not that the RH was bad originally, but the experience (both ambience and food) have dramatically increased. Our waiter (I think Alex) gave me and my party of 5 some of the best service I have witnessed in a long time since visiting restaurants. My only qualm with the place is that everything on the menu looked so good that we got everything and ultimately spent more than we intended. Even though some of the food items seem pretty exotic (beet salad, proscuitto and melon, korean tacos), they all combine for a flavorful experience like no other (definitely on par with Zahav). Hell this place has even gotten me to eat fish (which I normally hate). Some of the food I would definitely recommended (if I couldn't recommend the whole menu) are the korean tacos (to die for), blistered shishitos, and the zaatar crusted steak. 

15/10 food and service
This review is only on the experience of planning an event here.

Ideal for a private space for a group 40+ people. Their events department was very responsive and helped us figure out how to book the upstairs space for a holiday event with a limited budget. We had a fantastic time, and great feedback from the attendees! We loved the space, food, and working with their staff so much that we've done multiple events here. Highly recommend!!
I am a fan of Rev House for sure. The think they have a pretty good happy hour if you are looking for drinks and apps at the bar, but I love coming here for dinner on the second floor patio area. It is so cute up there and you are over looking Olde City. They have a bunch of tables and also a few couches up there if you just want to lounge at the bar.

The food is delicious I recommend the pizza and tots, but they also have some yummy sandwiches as well. Their cocktails are unique and they also have a good beer / wine selection.

Service is good. Pretty standard, I've been here a bunch and have never had a bad waiter or slow service. I recommend, for sure!
Can't tell if it was because it was after a long bar crawl, but this place has some pretty good food. The service was prompt even around dinner time, and the prices are in range for the portion you get. The tuna tartare came with a great wasabi sauce, and the fish was obviously fresh. Avocado was also a great accompaniment. I heard great things about the veggie burger and mac and cheese, and I had some of the best calamari I've ever had in Philly. 

French fries came in a huge bowl, obviously freshly cut and fried perfectly! Didn't like the shrimp rolls particularly, not very crispy but weren't bad. Overall, this spread impressed me and I'd come back for some appetizers with friends, and the beers are average prices too. They do everything just well enough to impress, but since I didn't try the entrees, will have to come back and see how they stand up!
I don't get people to go here enough -- the rooftop area is phenomenal, and probably unbeatable in Old City, and the whole menu and bar is very classy. I've been here for some drinkery and brunch. 

For happy hour, loved it. Doesn't get crowded, and at least in the early spring, we were able to bring a large group to the roof deck. Quite a treat! For food, the one meal I had there was brunch (no drink specials for brunch, by the way. Scandalous!) and the quinoa salad was quite good.

I was a bit disappointed in the lack of vegan options ... but I was mostly put off by a clueless server. When I asked what was available that would fit a vegan diet, I swear she looked at me like I had three heads and basically betrayed that I might have been the first vegan she'd met in her life (as a server in Philadelphia? this I find hard to believe). I'm happy to explain "vegan" after 11 years, but the treatment was quite odd. This coupled with an incorrect bill the last time I came for happy hour ... I have my doubts ... 

Still, it hasn't put me off ... I'd probably come back for a happy hour that turns into "maybe" dinner to try the menu again, and maybe have better luck. One of those places where even when it disappoints me, I'll probably keep coming back.
This place is great! They have an amazing roof top outdoor seating patio. I had the gyro and my wife got the buffalo chicken pizza. They were both fantastic. We will be back. Sit on the roof top patio for a great view and environment. The decor is super cool and industrial. Great drink selection and neat Revolution themed cocktails. 

Parking is tough- we used Uber but there are lots around just expect to pay. This place is right across the street from Penns Landing so it makes for a great pre bb&t concert food spot. Eat hope on the fairy and have a great time! 

We'll definitely be back!
Fabulous! From the fantastic flavorful new menu to the great rooftop deck and attentive, professional staff, the newly opened Revolution House will quickly become your favorite restaurant in Philly. A talented new chef  has created  innovative tapas style dishes for a wide range of appetites with plenty of meat, seafood, vegetarian and vegan options. We had the carrot falafel which was cooked perfectly and the cacao e pepe was coated in a delicious silky sauce. The flavor combo of the brown butter calamari and fig salad was incredible. The harissa shrimp was an explosion of bright spice- so delicious! Make sure you save room for dessert! The homemade somemores blondie with Graham cracker ice cream was a home run and not over the top sweet. The deconstructed apple tartin with cardamom ice cream was fabulous as well. Good, prices, good portions, fabulous food! We will definitely be back!
Ok so let's talk. This is a nice restaurant and bar. 2 bars one at the entrance, the other upstairs by the patio. I don't know why, I just assumed the patio was going to just have heaters and not be enclosed too. Either way, we sat out there. I enjoyed the vibe, not too loud, easy conversations going. And the food was good. I had the pork and birthday boy had a burger. We are still not sure why. He said after tasting my food, it was very difficult to enjoy his meal, but he ate most of it. We also tried the hummus app. And it was heavy on the flavor and oil. 

Our evening was overall great. Service was quick and friendly. I would go again. When time comes.
This is a nice brunch spot to check out if you are adventuring this part of Philly. My husband and I were here on a Memorial Day after a Sunday wedding. We were very grateful they were open during the holiday so we would have a place to eat on our day off together. 

We sat upstairs in the roof deck area. This was probably the main reason we came here instead of other brunch/ lunch places in the area. It was fabulous weather so it was nice looking out at the ambiance. 

We ordered the wedge salad, pepperoni pizza, and pesto hummus. The salad a pizza were very good and I would eat those items again. The pesto hummus was a big miss. There was no hummus consistency at all. I don't even think it was made with chick peas. I'm pretty sure they just gave us a cup of pesto sauce but the menu clearly said pesto hummus. Bottom line: I don't recommend 

Overall the service was good but they weren't busy so the server wasn't stressed. And the food came out very quick.
I had lunch here with four coworkers on Wednesday.  Keep in mind that they opened in June.  Here are my observations.

* They seem to be working out a few kinks.  The staff seems like they don't quite have their act together.  It just seems a little disorganized.

* Our waitress was just fine.

* Out meals took too long for lunch.  We waited about 30 minutes after ordering.

* I ordered the try-tip sandwich which is their version of a cheesesteak.  My friends ordered burgers and chicken sandwiches.

* All of the sandwiches feature house made flatbread.  It is OMG good.  That's not just my opinion but my coworkers as well.  This bread is less bulky than the usual sandwich buns and we all appreciated this in addition to the great taste.

* My cheesesteak ($11.50) was moist and flavorful and included amazing caramelized onions.

I agree with my coworkers that we all want to return.   They need to work on the lunch timing.  If they truly want their share of this crowd they need to push the food out faster.
If you like watered down, incorrect drinks, then this is the place for you! My friend and I went there on a Friday night and discovered that the bartenders could not make an amaretto sour. It was cloyingly sweet, tasted like pineapple juice, and clearly had a drop of amaretto in it and not much more. This alone was not a huge deal, but when I tried to send the drink back, the waitress got extremely nasty and began arguing with me, saying that it was "how we make it" as if there is not a standard way to make the drink. The attitude and the eye rolling were completely unnecessary and to top it off, the drink she replaced it with was also wrong. Don't waste your time here.
This place is phenomenal!!! Great place to hang out after work. Happy hour is great. Try the Korean tacos and the brown butter calamari! Staff is super friendly and accommodating. 10/10 recommend
We will start with a disclaimer... my review is based on everything I got to try from the menu at the most recent Yelp Elite Event held here.  So when it comes to things such as quality of service or value for your money I can't speak to those things. It was a night where the food was served buffet style rather than table service. I will say that the staff was more than friendly to me the whole night, and the value was tremendous because I ate for free, so there.  

And in the interest of fairness, I will acknowledge that you're probably thinking to yourself that since I was treated to a free night, it might cloud my review.  I will assure you right up front that I will be as honest about the fare here as I possibly can.  Truth is, not everything completely wowed me.  But I'll also grade taking into account that food quality is always different in an atmosphere where it is served from catering trays rather than presented fresh from the kitchen to your table.  

Now, I can be a very detailed reviewer when I want to be, and truth is that I kept a nice little list of everything I sampled on my iPhone notepad.  So I'll just go straight into the list and review each dish I tried one by one.  Because in the end, I attend these events only so I can provide you the most detailed reviews possible.  By the way... you're welcome!  

Pizza... right off the bat, I'll tell you about the star of the menu.  The pizza here really is fantastic.  We spoke briefly to the chef, Luca Sena, Jr, and he seemed to take great pride in his pizza, especially the dough.  It is wonderfully fresh, no question, and it makes the entire pizza better.  The Margherita pizza was quite good, the sausage was better, but tonight he put out a seafood white pizza that quite honestly was out of this world.  I didn't see it on the regular menu listed on the website, but if it is available on the night you visit, I highly recommend it.  My wife also raved about the Margherita and the sausage. It was definitely her favorite dish of the night as well.  

Lasagna Cupcakes... they sound completely wonderful, don't they?  The concept is a lasagna base serving as the "cake", with ricotta "icing".  Very creative.  Truth is, they taste more basic than the concept.  But, I don't consider this a bad thing.  I sampled the sundried tomato ricotta lasagna, and it was good enough that I went back to try the truffle ricotta lasagna.  I do suspect that they might be a little fresher directly out of the kitchen, but they were definitely tasty.  Maybe not quite on the level of getting lasagna in a legit Italian restaurant.  

Guacamole and malanga chips... I love fresh guacamole done right, and this place does it right.  Another winner.  The malanga chips are a lighter taste than your basic corn tortilla chips, and most definitely the perfect compliment to the guac that they serve.  Great combination by the chef!

Braised short rib... another dish that I suspect would be a little better served from the kitchen rather than a serving pan, however it was very tender with a nice rich gravy.  

Salmon... I'm not sure if they served it in the same manner that they serve it on the menu, but it was a very fresh piece with a sweet tangy sauce.  

Seafood and Fregula... quite a unique dish.  I did enjoy the mix of seafood in the dish.  I'd probably enjoy a full dish of this right out of the kitchen.  

Tater tots... I have seen previous reviews and I know that this is popular.  I'll come out and say that the ones I tried were good.  But I wasn't overly wowed by them.  It could be that again they weren't served as fresh as normal.  I'm betting that they're much better right out of the fryer.  

Crab cannoli... this was a surprise.  They mix crab in with the Marscapone, fill a cannoli shell, and dust it with powdered sugar.  At least that's how they served it tonight.  On the menu they serve it with tomato sauce.  I applaud the creativity.  I'm going to say that this didn't work for me.  The tastes felt like they didn't fit together.  Maybe it's a personal taste.  

Tiramisu... this was definitely as good as any Tiramisu I've had at Italian restaurants.  You won't be disappointed.  

Chocolate ganache... my wife loved it.  I simply liked it.  I thought the chocolate could be a bit richer.  But I certainly finished it off happily.  

No complaints about the cocktails.  The wife and I both highly enjoyed hot apple cider with spiced rum on the heated patio.  It was a perfect combination and a fantastic atmosphere.  A taste of the house sangria also went down very smoothly.  

I can see where many would think the menu isn't on the same level as the finer places in Center City.  This place does seem to have a heavier bar atmosphere than a restaurant feel.  But overall, I thought there were more than enough quality items on the menu, especially the pizza.  I can see this place being a perfect choice for a gourmet pizza and a craft beer.  And that's never a bad thing.
As someone else noted, this place gets five stars for the decor, and the giant chandelier above the cool looking steel staircase is especially impressive. The faucet in the bathroom is also cool.

The food - just OK. The hostess noted that they serve upscale bar food. I guess the food is better than some bars, but bar food in Philly is getting better and this place certainly doesn't rank on top  (e.g., the food at City Tap House is much much better). 

I'll go back, however, to sit on the upstairs deck and have drinks. The outside patio is a new great spot to relax and hangout in OC. If they expand the selection of beers on tap, although I don't like the food,  I'd add another star.
Amazing service and the food was just incredible! Such a versatile menu - there's something for everyone. Can't wait to go back!!!
If I could break it down, I would give an easy full five stars for the phenomenal service and experience, four stars for the ambiance, and three stars for the food (averaging out to a four). 

We came for a friend's birthday dinner on a Wed evening, and enjoyed a lovely time up on the outdoor-but-covered rooftop bar. Our server (shoot I forgot his name because I'm not writing this review in a timely fashion) was excellent in accommodating us in so many ways that it really helped create a wonderful evening experience! Really can't emphasize enough how friendly and attentive he was!

I would give this place five stars but I wasn't particularly impressed with the food. It wasn't bad but I didn't enjoy my goat cheese, beet, pasta salad as much as I had anticipated because it was prepared very differently than I would have imagined; the goat cheese was inside pasta bits that were kind of more of a tough consistency to chew on. I tried some of my friend's tater tots, which was actually very delicious because it had melted cheese inside. However, she hadn't been aware of the cheese inside because it didn't say on the menu and she doesn't eat dairy so it wasn't a pleasant surprise for her (even though it was a treat for the rest of the table as she shared it with us). 

The interior is beautiful though, and I loved their clean yet rustic styled bathroom. We had a good time here, and I would recommend overall. Perhaps stick to the bar food/pizza on the menu though as the classic bar food seemed to be more of a hit!
I came here on Saturday when it was beautiful out with my friend. We went to the hostess and put my name down, along with my phone number to be seated for a table for 2. The hostess said it shouldn't be long so don't go too far. We said we would be right outside due to the high traffic of people coming in and out. 

My girlfriend and I were chatting for about 30 minutes when we noticed people who were coming in after us were being seated. I walked up to the hostess and asked how much longer for Brianna. She scanned the paper, as if I never put my name dow, and I pointed saying where it was and that it was crossed off. She got nervous and said she called me but I didn't answer. I then showed her my phone's recent calls and that I had no missed calls.  

I asked if they could accommodate us next due to the mistake and she said no and that I would have to wait 30 more minutes for a table. Ive worked in the service industry for 10+ years and would have never shoved a customer to the bottom of the waiting list. TERRIBLE customer service.

I will never attempt to eat here ever again and I will make sure my local friends know about my experience as well.
Was out for a bit of day drinking last weekend, so a couple friends and I spotted up at the bar.  The bartenders were all extremely personable and helpful.  They effortlessly facilitated conversation involving everyone within earshot, and were more than happy to improvise on a cocktail or two when the ladies present proved indecisive (picky).      

The beer selection won't blow your mind with variety, but they do have some quality crafts on tap to appease the average beer snob.  It just so happened that I found a beer with my name all over it, and that beer was Dave's BrewFarm.  It was light, in a can, and overwhelmingly uninteresting....we were perfect for each other.

The no-pants-no-service policy seems a tad stuffy, but I'll definitely be going back.
The food was okay and I'll leave it at that. I would not go back for the food alone, but I would go here for some drinks on the patio on a beautiful sunny day. The upstairs bar is nice, the stairs are cool, they accommodated our large party and let us watch a certain nfl playoff game that another neighborhood bar refused to turn on...so props for that.

A word of advice to them would simply be to focus the menu a bit, there are asian dumplings, mac and cheese, pizza, and cheesesteaks & burgers in a weird pita thing,...it just seems all over the place. Find the one thing you do best - whether its pizza or sandwiches (I can't say I didn't have either) and stick with that.
This restaurant has nice ambiance and decor. We dined on the outdoor terrace which was a much much nicer experience than some other restaurant's street side cafe seating.

The Mediterranean salad was good but had More tomatoes than greens and a bitter heavy on the olive oil. The chicken sandwich on pita with arugula was a light & tasty lunch dish. I would like to return again and try other entrees.
Am... am I in the right neighborhood?

Where... where are the bros? Where are my backwards cap, polo and flip flop wearing young professionals who look like they just woke up from a nap?

Yeah. This is kind of a strange spot to find right at 2nd and Market, but not in a bad way.

I'll cop to hanging out/getting drunk/blowing chunks in Old City a little more often than I should. Which is why I appreciate places like Revolution that provide an atmosphere where I don't have to do all of that for lack of better things to do.

Come on down. It's right next to the train station, has a good selection of beer, really friendly staff, and some pretty good pizza/other things, too.

You done good, Revolution. I'll be back a few times.
Terrible. First time here and they over charged for a glass of wine. Was not informed of price changes because they lacked on the to-go drinks. I had no issue with paying, but the very fact that they purposely did NOT inform us the price would differ on to-go orders was terrible. They should change the menu or inform customers BEFOREHAND. I paid $36 for what I thought would be $22 for glasses of wine. Please, change your menu or inform customers that the price may vary!
We came here last week and I was very disappointed after having enjoyed each time before this experience. 
The service was slow and my we thought the food wasn't as good as we remembered it (we shared a pizza and a Cesar Salad). We won't be back this winter since it's further from my apartment but maybe we will have a redemption experience in the spring.
We stopped in on Memorial Day afternoon. It was not too crowded and we sat right away. The Korean Tacos were straight fire!  Then we had the chicken kebabs with the eggplant jam, and they were even better. Overall, we had a great time, and would definitely recommend it!
Had a really nice experience the other night for dinner. One of the few places in the area that weren't super crappy and did not have a wait. Although they wanted to sit us at a tiny table near the bathroom, we asked too sit at a booth and they put us there without trouble. I don't know why we had to ask.

The service was really good. Very personable and attentive, especially when considering how busy it was. We ordered a couple of appetizers, the tater tots and the crab corn fritters. Both were excellent, especially the tots! They were like fried mashed potato balls and came out super hot. Had to wait for them to cool down a bit. Served with a mustard mayo sauce that was also good.

I had a brisket sandwich which was excellent and served on an interesting roll. It was thin and soft and reminiscent of a pita but a little bit different. Also a very tasty and slightly spicy red cabbage slaw accompanied the sandwich with large chunks of cabbage. I put some slaw on the sandwich and finished the rest with a fork. The sandwich was a bit sloppy, but very delicious. I was happy with my choice. The wife got the lobster pot pie which was more like a lobster stew with a puff pastry. She liked it. 

They had a few dinner specials too, so make sure to ask for them if they don't tell you about them. Also had a decent draft beer selection including some interesting things that I didn't try, but will next time, like this vanilla cream ale thingy.
I like rooftop decks, so Revolution House gets an automatic 5 stars.

However, they start losing stars when they charge full price on drinks to sit on said deck.  It's a gorgeous summer evening at 5:30, the colleagues and I don't want to sit inside at the bar, so we swallow our cheapness and sit outside anyway.

The menu sounds good, but is executed poorly and is borderline too expensive ($11 for a tiny little quinoa salad?).  The fancy brick oven pizza was decent, but no match for Zavino or Stella.  The homemade tater tots are actually delicious, compiled of a variety of potatoes.  My colleagues had the lasagna cupcakes and artichokes, which they said were really gross (especially the artichokes, normally made with butter, were floating in some oily concoction).  

We went back for my birthday happy hour last week and sat inside at the upstairs bar this time (heat wave!)... the bartender was super attentive and gets extra points for letting 15 of us take over a bunch of tables and most of the bar.

Overall I like Revolution House for drinks, especially because they have prosecco by the glass, but they definitely need to improve their food and lower those prices!
My husband and I like to go to Old City for happy hour before we see a show at the Arden. Revolution House was our most recent spot. The timing was perfect as it was a gorgeous day and Revolution House has a roof deck and happy hour specials. 

We ordered our first round of beers at the upstairs bar and took them to a table on the roof deck. There were about 8-10 beers on draft and the selection is pretty decent. For happy hour, all beers are half off. We were pretty happy campers with a Long Trail IPA and Dogfishhead Indian Brown Ale. We ordered our second round (same beers) and food from the table. The roof deck isn't the most spacious but it's a roof deck and they are a sparsity in Philly. 

The happy hour food special was half off a Margherita  pizza. The pizza was okay...I guess no  real complaints for $6. The crust was light and flaky but the sauce and cheese were inconsistent. The sauce wasn't evenly spread and there were a few blobs of mozzarella scattered around the pie. It was topped with basil but the basil had been baked in and was a little dry/crispy. I prefer my basil fresh and added to the top of the pie at the end of the cooking process. The pie was a decent size and did the trick for a snack for two people. 

The service wasn't bad. We had ordered our first drinks at the bar then seated ourselves potentially causing some confusion. It took a little bit of time for our server to come visit our table. It was smooth sailing for the rest of our visit and the rest of the service was prompt and attentive. 

I wouldn't make a trip across town just to go to Revolution House but if I'm in that part of the city, I wouldn't hesitated to go back from happy hour.
The food was outstanding. It was a group of 8 that asked for the rooftop and said it'd be a 45 minute wait, but I went up to check it out and all that table needed was to be bussed. 45 minutes to bus a table. So I asked nicely and we got seated in 5. The pork sandwich was the best pork sandwich I've ever had. Calamari was great as were the tacos. The servers really seem to not like their job. Really out of it and disinterested to do anything for any of us. The food was so good, that I'll be back for that.
Revolution house has the best roof deck in Old City - no contest.   I believe it's even covered when it's cold outside, but I have never ventured to check during sub-optimal weather.  

The decor inside of the restaurant is super cool.  I wouldn't mind having my house decorated by the same person who designed this place.  See-through steps, interesting vintage chandeliers, other vintage accessories, uptairs bar light made of empty glass bottles - even the brick pizza oven is stylish.  All in all, it's a really cozy place to eat or drink.  

There are bars both upstairs and downstairs, so you can usually get a seat, unless it's first friday - don't even bother trying that night.

The waitstaff has never particularly impressed me, so that's why a star is missing.  The bartenders are usually good though.

As for the food, I've tried only a few items aside from the pizza.  They make a great beet salad.  The pizza is pretty delicious.  Last time I ordered the margharita and it was fantastic.  A good amount of sauce (I love sauce) which was slightly sweet, the perfect amount of cheese, and crust that was crisp on the bottom with a doughy crust edge. 

Yum, I'm a fan.
Really nice, low key atmosphere. Limited selection of beers but I was promised it was expanding. The bartender, Frank Kelly, is drop dead gorgeous! WOOO WOOOOO!
** Hair in the food **

Stopped over for a lunch. We got beets salad -- leaves were big & dry, but still somewhat delicious based on beets & goat cheese. My boyfriend & I then both ordered salmon filled with crab. While the food was okay despite salmons edges being dry, we totally got disgusted when my boyfriend pulled quite long black HAIR from his dish. I mean, it's not like it was just on the plate, it was like deep in the crab filling intertwined with food. 

While the waiter was polite & they took his dish off the bill none less horrifying experience for food. The manager never showed up to apologize. 

Stick with drinks upstairs only -- which actually has way too many rules of when the deck is available. Definitely pass on this place going forward.
Came here last night with a few friends for some drinks. I LOVE the patio! We were able to sit out there for an hour or so under the heat lamps before we got a little too cold and headed inside to the upstairs bar. They have a great beer selection, and their cocktails are strong and delicious although a little pricey. I just drank beer this time and was very satisfied. 

We only ordered the guac, so I can't really comment on the food, but the chips they served it with were delicious -- made from "malanga," which is a root vegetable.

Also, just be careful about parking in Old City. 2nd street heading south from Market (right next to the restaurant) is a tow zone after 10pm on Fridays and Saturdays. Wish we would have read the sign more carefully, so hopefully you won't make the same mistake!
First off, this place gets a star just for location.  You can't beat a place this decent being so conveniently located for when you're out in Old city.

Stopped in during a Monday afternoon for lunch with some out of town friends.  Very much liked the place.  We sat out on the rooftop patio (weather was delightful for the occasion), and it had a nice little atmosphere going on up there worth a star.

I ordered the cheesesteak, which came on a flat bread... I was skeptical, but it ended up being quite delicious, so a star for innovation.

The best part about it was the service though.  While it was indeed a slow time, I was still impressed with the level of attentiveness and the style of interaction from our server 'Tom' (we were the only ones upstairs at all, so he checked in frequently and was humorously helpful in suggesting plates for the visitors). One star for him!
We were attracted by the roof deck, but when we went it was too hot to sit outside.  So we sat at the upstairs bar.  The atmosphere was nice.  The bartender was friendly.

But the drinks were extremely watered down, and the food was mediocre at best.  Pizza (ham and arugula) was excellent, but the artichoke was way over-cooked, the dumplings - eh, and the "yam-based" tater tots had no trace of yam that I could see.

We left to find a $10 drink that actually had booze in it.
This place looks like a rustic hole-in-the wall restaurant, but we quite enjoyed our experience here! I got the cheesesteak which was done on a pita instead of your typical bun. This was probably my favorite cheesesteak I have had since moving to Philly. The spices were on-point and the cheese to steak ratio was perfect. 

Definitely going back!
Awesome pizza and even better atmosphere! Conveniently located in Philadelphia's historic Old City. This Multi-story bar/restaurant is like a time warp with a modern flavor. The building itself was built in the late 1700's. Don't let the age fool you though. Everything inside is modern with various relics hanging from the ceiling or on the walls. 

As soon as you walk in. You are greeted by the aroma of wood fried pizza from the oven. I grabbed a seat at the bar. The bartender recommended I order the "Belle" (Barr Hill Gin, St. Germain, Caledonia Spirits raw honey and rosemary syrup, lemon). I'm glad I did. It's was full of flavor and perfect on a cold day. 

After making small talk with some of the patrons and staff I decided to order. They have an extensive menu mixed with pizza, soups, salads and sandwiches. I opted for the classic Wood Fired pepperoni and cheese pizza. It was one of the best pizza's I ate during my visit to Philadelphia! 

Whether you stop in for a cocktail or meal. Revolution House is a must visit!
Do not go here. I came here with a group of friends on a Friday night (6 of us) and was promptly seated. It was pretty empty; just 1 or 2 other tables were full.  Our waitress took our order and REPEATED it back to us. We were served our apps and drinks very quickly but then waited 30 mins...1 hour...1.5 hours later we asked our waitress where our pizzas were. Oh, she didn't hear us and will put the order in now. Ummm, you repeated the order to us, thank you very much. We told her we didn't want the pizza at that point and asked for the check. She charged us for the pizzas AND auto 20% tip. No thanks. We paid for our apps/drinks and we all decided to leave her our own tips. I left her $1.
Revolution House is a gem in Old City. I've been here several times, and the food is always delicious, the servers are attentive, and it's got a great chill vibe. It's my absolute go-to whenever I want to go out for a casual dinner. I'm really looking forward to going to happy hour here in the summer on the roof deck. Try the pizzas. They're all amazing! They also have a great brunch menu.
Finally had an opportunity to take my wife to Revolution House after our yelp event (actually my/our first event) and a few solo stops myself. Their Craft beer selection is very good and constantly rotates so I had a Clown Shoes Galactica along with a Neshaminy Creek Tripel which went well with an order of housemade Tater Tots to share along with Mini Meatloafs for me and Eggplant Parmesan for my wife. Very Good!
Came here with five friends after checking out the art galleries at First Friday. It was a good place to just chill with friends.

We each got a "small dish," such as the baked Brie or Mac n cheese. The Mac and cheese was good but was nothing special. My friends said the baked Brie was amazing. 

We all checked in on yelp to get a buy-one-get-one-free deal for beers. Most of the beers were $6. So $6 for two beers was great.

Overall, I had a good experience here. But it was nothing extraordinary.
The food is decent, and there IS a rooftop bar, but it's not amazing. The servers are generally nice, but service can be pretty slow, even when there aren't many people there. Rev House generally has good deals, and they have a good selection of beers, but the food isn't the best.
For the restaurants in old city, you can definitely do better.
Came hear after a visit to the National Constitution Center. (10 min walk). So pleased to have really fresh food that  is alive with flavor. I enjoyed the beet salad with spinach, red and gold beets, orange and cucumber. It was a symphony of flavors. I also had the crab cakes which were moist and flavorful as well. Presentation of the food is also to be noted.
If I could rate this place a 0, I would.

My entire party received their food except me. When it came out, it was wrong. Still waiting for my food 50 minutes later. 50. minutes.

Not acceptable.
The menu was fine and the food standard. But the service was absolutly terrible. it took forever to get your drinks refilled. Our food was served to another table then brought to us. I was half way through my salad when the waiter brought the dessert menu and ask us if we were ready for our check??? WTF
Ive lived and enjoyed old city for years and Ive never had service like this before.
Ruined the entire experience, wouldnt go back or recommend it to anyone.
We had brunch there because it is close the The Franklin Fountain. I had the eggs Paolo. Wow! The grilled prosciutto complemented the grilled peach, which looked like it came out of a jar, but that didn't bother me in the slightest. The house made bread was delicious.
The wait staff was attentive & friendly. We learned that they have a patio on the second floor. Maybe next time we'll sit out there to enjoy our food, with a view.
How often are house made tater tots on a menu? I had to try it, and it didn't disappoint. Yummy!
When I hear tater tots, I used to think of the ones that came with my school lunch from grade school. Well, no more!
They get crafty with the bill and your tab will jump before you're eyes. Wait staff was rude as well. Ton of great places in a one block radius, all more worth your time and money. Skip this place.
