Stopped in for takeout on Saturday afternoon and spent my entire walk home brainstorming ways to write a killer yelp review. Mind you, this was before I even bit into a taco.

Backtrack. I purposely came during a time I knew it wouldn't be busy, because who likes waiting... and more importantly, waiting for food. I immediately asked the cashier (who ended up being the owner) about the menu, suggestions, and just random info about the new restaurant. They're going to be starting a happy hour type special (7-9pm) where you'll be able to mix and match tacos rather than getting 2/3 of one kind.

I was torn between the chorizo and the pork so Mike (the owner, yes we're on a first name basis), offered to give me one of the pork at no charge because he didn't want me to miss out. UHM I LOVE YOU.

I watched the cooks fry up my tacos, which I always enjoy. Everything is extremely fresh and cooked to order. All of the staff members were just as outgoing and helpful as Mike. They have a few different sauces (self serve). I tried the two that were suggested, blackberry and pepper, they were both incredible. 

Ok so now I basically ran home because I was so excited to eat what I KNEW was going to be incredible. And man, was it.

Let's start with the house made chorizo. Chorizo is one of those meets, if you mess it up, everyone will know it. This was not the case. Uhhhh mazing. The crema and salsa roja complemented the chorizo perfectly. Next was the pork special. This had pork belly, pulled pork, and I think pork shoulder (or some other variety). This was also incredible. I drizzled on some of the blackberry hot sauce and it was actually to die for. Andddddd now I'm drooling.

I normally get annoyed with the extra taco shells because hello0o0!!! carbssss!!! and usually the taco isn't packed enough that its needed. Its needed here at revolution. The portion sizes are very large for such a reasonable price. 

Oh and when I emptied my take out bag, there was a brownie in the bottom. Honestly, it was the best brownie I ever had.

Thank you for opening the best taco place in Philadelphia. I can't wait to come back!!!
I finally hit Revolution Taco last night for a late-ish dinner (thank you for being open until 9pm!). Since I was eating on the later side I went with two tacos instead of three, and ordered the ground beef version to-go. I loaded up on the mild green salsa and hot salsa during the wait. 

The tacos are nicely sized; two left me satisfied without feeling stuffed. I'd go with three if I were feeling super hungry on a future visit. I will say that I hate the trend of doubling up on corn tortillas, though I understand it's because they are more likely to fall apart with just one. I still tried to remove as much of the outer shell as possible, to let the ingredients shine. I did find the ground beef tacos to be rather plain, so I'd likely try another version next time. 

For a quick and easy dinner that costs less than ten bucks, I'm definitely on board.
Revolution Taco is aptly named because when I had their Chipotle BBQ Brisket tacos, I had a revolution in my mouth.

Ok so I have no idea what that means exactly BUT they were soooo good. Brisket was tender, the sauce was spot on, the pickled jalapeños added a kick and a tartness, the crispy shallots added texture. These were some of the best tacos I've had in a long time.

If the rest of the menu is like this, I am one happy customer!

Thanks Revolution, I'll be back :)
These tacos are legit. The portions are generous - there is a lot of meat in each! Honestly, 2 tacos would be enough for me but I was very hungry and I just went for 3. Also, I was with 2 friends to share - which brings me to why I docked a star. No mixing and matching? Who wants 3 of the same taco? The beauty of having so many varieties is being able to try them! 

I shared the Korean short rib, brisket, and chorizo tacos. I think the chorizo was my favorite, followed close by the brisket. The Korean short rib was good too but I think the sauce was a bit sweet. 

There are 4 salsa options. However 2 were labeled hot and 2 were very mild... Maybe some bottles were missing but I found it strange there was nothing in between. 

Overall, delicious tacos. Definitely try it (with friends to mix and share)!
I'm torn. I love the food here. And it seems like they're going to take a seasonal approach to some menu items, like their awesome fish tacos, which means new options on the regular.

But I just had a bad service experience I can't get over. I ordered some food for take out, paid   and waited quietly at table near the pickup counter. Someone other than the cashier that rung me up brought my food to the counter. Her: "Did you pay for these?" Me: "Yes." Her: "Are you lying?" 

In what world is it ok to ask a customer that? I left feeling mistreated/profiled.
(to the tune of Ke$ha's "TiK ToK")

Dinner time hits hard, tum growlin' like a kitty,
Grab my wallet and my girl, we're hittin' Center City
Before I leave, check my purse, got some cash and my card
Gonna fill my mouth with tacos, one with fancy "canard"

I'm talking brisket with jalapenos (YOS)
Some tasty housemade chorizo (ZO)
Sprinkle on a little more queso (so)

Sure they got vegan for veggie lovers
Tryna eat all the others.....
I'll stick with meat-eating brothers

Don't stop, taco shop
Making all our tastebuds pop
Tonight, imma fight
my buddy for the last bite
Tik Tok-oh, the shop
Mouth Party don't stop. (x2)

Ain't got a care in the world, we don't even need beer
Have a few bucks in your pocket? Lord knows that you should eat here.
At busy times, line stacks up cuz they heard of beef tongue
Worth the wait, tacos great, for patrons old or the young...

Beef tongue/smoky pork cheeks (check). House made chorizo (check). Infamous roast duck taco (check). Five tacos, two gals, and a buttload of hot sauce. We went for the guac and chips while we were waiting, and were not disappointed. Much like everything else we tried, the portion sizes were generous and the ingredients fresh. I LOVED the chorizo. I was pretty fond of the tongue/cheek. I would happily fill my plate with that duck taco any day of the week. 

PRO TIP: Don't skimp on the variety of sauces. Each one is pretty solid BUT the REAL Cinderella story was the Blackberry Hot Sauce. I put it on almost every bite. I contemplated stealing the bottle, but wouldn't want to risk a lifetime ban.

Price is right, space is small but not TINY and definitely packs it in. Will be back. Can't come soon enough.
I like to think the guys from Revolution Taco were chilling in one of their successful food trucks and then the song "let's give em something to talk about" came on and then they turned to each other and said  "no, let's give em something to TACO bout". And then they revolutionized the Rittenhouse taco scene with beauties like:

A DUCK TACO WRAPPED IN A SCALLION PANCAKE. Take a second to let that sink in. Also topped with pickled oyster mushrooms and pickled cabbage. These are a bit pricier ($14 for 2) but totally worth it. 

Pork belly taco- also really good, a bit fatty but sauce and jicama slaw were good. ($8 for 2)

Beef tongue and cheek taco- super tender and the kimchi and pickled jalapenos were a great touch. ($9 for 2)

3 tacos was a bit aggressive for 2 hungry ladies lunching but I have no regrets.  #YOLO. Removing the outer shell made it kind of manageable but mostly just messy. $30 for 2 wasn't too bad for the amount of food and neighborhood,  but no,  these aren't authentic tacos, so don't expect it. I like that they have different toppings and the sauces were on point. 

Line gets pretty long around lunch time and there's a bit of lag time for the food to come out but that's to be expected. Order at the front,  then snag a table and wait for your name to be yelled out rather than awkwardly hovering, they're pretty good at yelling.
I've been to this location 3 times now and its time to write a review in hopes that it can save others their hard earned cash and go get your money's worth elsewhere like Honest Tom's, Buena Onda, or heck, even Shake Shack, Mac Mart or Spot Burger.  Over the course of my 3 visits to revolutionary tacos I was able to try 3 separate items, the Chipotle BBQ Brisket is actually very tasty however very inconsistent. 1st time I got them they were loaded with brisket, 2nd time, very slim pickings, both times they were double wrapped in cold corn tortillas that were very rubbery.  Worth $9 for two? No. Worth $13 for 3? Still no.  Should be no less than $3.50 each.  
The little sign that greats you at the register reads "NO MIX AND MATCH TACOS", which might as well read "We are jerks and have no valid reason as to why we are depriving you from trying our variety of tacos, Deal With It"
I asked today repeatedly why they are so strict about not mixing different tacos in your order and why you are forced to buy in groups of 2 or 3, and if you want to try a 2nd type of taco you are approaching the $20 mark just to enjoy 2 different tacos.  The employees scrambled to give a solid valid answer as to why they are doing this, they said crap like "its so we don't mess up your order, and the PO system is setup that way there is nothing we can do about, the portions are made to accommodate the costs of each item"  ......huh?
I was one of two people ordering at the time, so the "we don't want to screw up your order" just translated to me "we just don't care to satisfy your taste buds and we are lazy/unorganized and don't want to expel extra effort to create a fun meal for you". the always sweating girl cook even jokingly said "its so we can take more of your money each time you come here"...yeah well that is blatantly obvious, this is stupid menu system designed for people with lots of expendable cash.  It sucks that it would require up to 10 visits and $100 to actually try the full range of tacos on the menu.  
This evening I got the shark fish tacos, which one associate told me comes with a lot of fish...not really, not really at all.  I requested extra pineapple salsa which, didn't really happen either. Once again they were wrapped in doubled up cold corn tortillas that were disgustingly glued together somehow.  The lady behind me ordered the same tacos, her's were substantially loaded with more cabbage slaw and salsa and stuff, kinda made me feel like they deliberately shorted my portion just because i was maybe to inquisitive about the menu policy before i ordered.  The fish was pretty dry, no were near as juicy as the Fish Tacos at Honest Toms of Buena Onda.  The table I ate at in front of the window was super sticky, yuck city sticky. 
Let the taco lovers of Philly start a REAL REVOLUTION and AVOID EATING here, its a con, its designed for the extra successful person who can throw money around carelessly and enjoys wasting food(cold double corn tortillas is a waste).  As an avid regular of Honest Tom's I highly recommend you go there and mix and match all the tacos your taco loving heart desires.  Honest Tom's is the best, their fish tacos rule, and guess what? you actually leave full and satisfied after Honest Tom's, you can choose corn or flour tortilla and they grill both types of tortilla so they have this lovely warmth when you bit into them....you leave Revolting Tacos and your like "I just paid $9 for that? for what? I'm still very hungry!!"
and look, I get it, the rent for they must pay is astronomical at rittenhouse and that's probably whey the cost is so high and the menu is rigged to frustrate the heck out of a variety taco enthusiast on a budget.  so in the end the high cost represents the location and clearly not the quality or quantity of food and service.  
If I ever hear that they can the no mix and match policy and offer flour tortillas I may return, but for now this place is dead to me.
Whoa, super small unauthentic bland tacos for $14? Not for me. 

Yes, you're in rittenhouse but don't use that to rip the assuming taco lover off. Why do you even serve them in the quantity of two? Who would ever buy just two mini tacos? Do people buy half a car? Do people buy one sock? No. 
Why so small? Why so expensive? Why so American? 

You want real tacos? Go to any taco place on 9th street around the italian market. There you will get 3 monster tacos for $9 and won't be able to move afterwards.
So...I'm really regretful that I am writing this review after my second visit to Revolution Taco, because compared to my first meal there, this one was a relatively subpar experience. However, as I am fully aware that the extent of my disappointment was largely thr result of the mistakes I made in my approach to the business of eating the second meal, I am still rating Revolution Taco 4 stars overall.
So...the first, much better eating experience, was an order of vegetarian tacos. In the good old days when it was still safe to have reckless dine-in experiences at restaurants, I stopped in one day with two friends for lunch, and we each got our own order of tacos. I'm pretty sure I had gotten the mushroom tacos, and one of the friends got an order of  the BBQ cauliflower, so we were able to mix and match (not an option within a single order). I distinctly remember bright, exciting flavors, and two tacos were quite adequate for me as a lunch. I can't recall if I had any sauces on the side, but it's likely. Overall, for the quality, the quick service, and portion size, excellent prices too. So a really great first experience. 
The second experience, alas, not as wonderful as the first - that was the takeout on a Friday night that led to this review. But a number of reasons for the lesser experience, most of which were less shortcomings of the meal than of my own sequence of decisions:
1. I got a burrito. Clearly, if "Taco" is in the name, you figure that will be the superior option of the two, and in this case you would be correct. I really prefer burritos to tacos though, so I was hoping the  burrito would be as good as the tacos I remembered- not so much.
2. I didn't get any sauces on the side. Big mistake. My burrito selection, smoked mushroom, was filled with a lot of rice, chunks of smoked portobello mushroom, some beans, a tiny bit of crema and a tinier bit of tomato. So it ended up being REALLY dry. I hate getting the little to-go containers of sauce, but really, that would have made for a much better eating experience here.
3. In spite of realizing after a few bites in the extent of mistakes 1 and 2, I made no attempt to try for any of a range of options to improve the meal - say, to slice up one of the tomatoes i had at home to go with half the burrito- and instead, like a mindless glutton, I sat and ate the entire burrito in one sitting.
The dryness of the burrito was its own issue, and the smokiness of the mushrooms didn't really help with that. On the other hand, my partner got the chickpea veggie burger burrito and he was very happy with that, in spite of there also being a dry quality to his burrito too (no sauce for him either). 
So, lessons learned:
1. Don't pass on the sauces!
2. Chickpea veggie burrito instead of smoked mushroom.
3. Maybe skip burrito altogether and just get the excellent tacos.
Came here for lunch after reading all the great reviews.  I was really underwhelmed by the food.  

I order Beef Tongue & Cheek tacos based on the reviews.  The beef tongue was deep fried and over cooked to the point where you can't tell it's the tongue.  It was far from the soft and moist meat you expect in a lengua taco.  You also can't tell the cheek is cheek, it tasted no different from any random bland shredded pork.  I actually prefer the Chipotle carnitas to this.

The only positive is the portion size, 2 tacos would have been enough for me.  I am baffled by all the high reviews.  May be I will come back to try the other tacos, but definitely a vote down for the Tongue and Cheek taco.
Revolution Taco has engendered a bit of a buzz since opening right off of Rittenhouse Square.  These are tacos made to order right in front of you with fresh ingredients. Sauces are provided free to enhance the flavor including my favorite - a blackberry hot sauce.  I ordered the house-made chorizo tacos.  The tacos were very good - and large - although I found the ground chorizo itself slightly on the bland side as was the cheese.  Thank goodness for the blackberry hot sauce!
 
Service was professional.  Do be aware that during the lunch or dinner hours there are many take out orders and as everything is cooked to order,  you will have a wait for your food whether you eat in or take out.  
Water is also free (I'm adding this fact because a few places that have opened up recently in Philadelphia only have bottled water which of course you pay for.) 
 
I'll def eat again at Revolution Taco!
I saw the "hot and new" and tacos and was very excited. We waited for an hour to get our lunch. It was pretty loud. We got the tuna tacos, chicken and chorizo tacos and unfortunately everything was very bland and just so so. I was really disappointed.
Tries hard to make simple food gormet. Save yourself a trip here and make your own tacos for  better value and quality. The environment is nice though with plenty of seating.
The single star is for the only good thing (according the the person I was with) - the duck taco on a scallion pancake. Though that was very pricey, but it IS duck. And a scallion pancake so maybe that's fair. 

I wanted to like this place. I wanted to love this place. I LOVE tacos. And I live SO close! And maybe that's why I feel so let down. 

Seating - as an interior designer, space planning is kind of my thing. These tables are too big, poorly spaced and there's not enough chairs. You walk in thinking there's plenty of space for you to eat here, but NOPE. 

Menu visibility - once again, as a designer, how information is received is key so we designers are big on signage. (We call this way-finding) The specials are on a small board in the corner that you can't see until you're standing in that corner ready to order. This should have been in a different spot so I could see it sooner. Which is probably why the staff was so testy about answering questions. 

Staff- as a vegetarian I had some questions about the menu and it was like pulling teeth to get this info. "Are the mushrooms in the taco thinly sliced?" Response "They are smoked. I've had that one and it's good"  "okay, so are the mushrooms sliced thin/shredded or is it thick chunks of mushroom?" Response: "people like them" ... ?? What? 

Timing - we came in mid-afternoon after the lunch rush and waited 15 minutes for 3 tacos and an empanada. Then were told the other item (my burrito) wasn't ready yet. Didn't these people have a food truck... or 3? Twenty minutes seems a long time. 

Food - I'm told the duck taco was good. 
And if you're a meat and potatoes kind of person who also likes to have tacos sometimes, this is for you. The fish tacos are "fish of the day". Weird that they don't even have a shrimp taco option on the menu. And who said vegetarians only eat tofu, mushrooms and eggplant? (Eggplant wasn't on the menu but the other two were). 
The fish that day was swordfish- not exactly safe or sustainable. I was told this was just "eh". 
The spinach empanada was SMALL (even smaller than some of the pictures others have posted) and the inside was super runny. In fact, I bit in and the entire contents ended up in the wax paper. Bonus: lots of sea salt on top and mostly cheese sauce inside. And I do love cheese! 
The veggie burrito had no veggies. Chickpea veggie burger usually implies some veggies or it would be called a grilled chickpea patty/burger or mashed chickpeas. When I first bit in I thought I had someone else's order. No evidence of pico de gallo or lime crema, mostly a flour tortilla with double rice and some decent texture (albeit tasteless) black beans. I forced down half of it, trying in vain to make it okay with their super watered down and bland salsa Roja, salsa verde, and both hot sauces (also watery). Where are all the usual hot sauces? Eventually I gave up and threw it out, then went down the street for a better taco. We spent $30 and both ate entire meals immediately after this. 

Drinks- bottled drinks only. No fountain beverages or water fountain. And if you ask for a cup of water you get a 4 oz plastic cup 3/4 full with water. Kept in pitcher in the fridge. Behind the counter. I guess if the food had some flavor or had some spice and wasn't $$ then I would have been compelled to by their bottled water or jarritos. 

We won't be back.
I was really excited to finally try Revolution Taco but I hate to say I had a very disappointing first (attempted) visit. I arrived at 9:00pm and it was bright and busy inside and the sign said open 11-10pm in bold outside. Immediately the cashier yelled that they were closed, because the hours were 9pm on weekdays (this information is available online I was told, and the sign on the door just shows weekend times). It was very uncomfortable for me and my friends and for the few people online who realized that we walked in at exact minute of closing. It was a terrible customer service experience, particularly for a new restaurant that you would think is trying to welcome new users.
Tacos are so good! Five stars for food, service, and ambience. 

We ordered two tacos each of three different kinds: three little pigs, beef tongue and cheeks, and the roasted duck. All three were decent. My favorite was actually the tongue and cheeks! Don't let the name scare you, the meat was super soft and melted in your mouth. The kimchi and cabbage topping was a nice complement to the tacos. The three little pigs was a pork on pork taco from bacon to pork belly, you can't go wrong! It was the most savory taco of the three. The roast duck came with a scallion pancake tortilla instead of a corn tortilla that the other had. I really enjoyed eating the pancake in a taco form, the duck was solid and the cabbage topping complemented it so well. This taco falls apart a little easier though but don't let that stop you from eating. 

Service was good; it's a clean up after yourself place but I was surprised that the cashier told us to have a good day as we were leaving since we were super far from her. Nice to know that they care about service. 

There's only seating for about 15-20 people so it may be pack during high traffic times. Highly recommend you eat the tacos asap if you decide to take out to get the full food experience.
Quick food that was underwhelming for the price. I ordered the beef tacos and fried cauliflower tacos.  I didn't really care for the beef and only went with it because the fish special was salmon. For some reason I hate ordering salmon at restaurants. Probably because I make it too often at home.  I enjoyed the cauliflower taco though. 

The only thing I really did not like about this place is that you have to order a minimum of 2 of each kind of taco.  You cannot mix and match. I prefer being able to try at least two types of tacos.  Even when I make tacos at home I dont make each taco the same.  I can only assume this to force you to order more food. Probably not coming back because my favorite place to get tacos is the same distance from our apartment.
Revolution Taco.. Here's the thing..

This city has been in a taco love affair for quite some time. Like most big cities, they have taken this simple street food and turned it into something bigger and more expensive then it needs and should be. 

I go in today to try Revolution. I have been hearing good things but I always take these type of places with a grain of salt. The reason being? It's in yuppy Rittenhouse Sq and the prices reflect. 

I sampled the Chicken Tinga burrito bowl and a Mexican coke. The bowl was 11 dollars and the 12 ounce coke was 3 dollars.. 3 dollars for a 12 once Mexican coke... That's a can of coke people.. Probably the most expensive coke next to a movie theater or sporting event coke I ever had. 

The bowl it's self was tasty but not life changing. Everything was fresh but the portion size was SMALL.. I mean Jesus, you can get almost double the size entry at Chipotle for 6 dollars and some change. If you venture into South Philly for truly authentic Mexican, you can find bigger and better selections for even less.. 

As far as their sauce selections.. Pretty weak. Their hots were mild and their milds and special flavors were uninspiring.  

I know it seems like I'm beating this place up pretty bad but I'm just sick and tired of the over done, Overpriced taco joint trend that's happening in this city. I truly don't see this place lasting that long. There is just too many more inspiring and more price reasonable spots in Philly. 

On a positive note, I will say the service was friendly and pretty swift.
Offering burritos, burrito bowls, and of course tacos, this casual spot has the potential to become a new neighborhood favorite. We came here on opening day and had a great experience. The owners also run several food trucks, and fare is similar to that type of high end street food. They definitely have some interesting choices on their taco menu like beef tongue and roast duck, but being that I'm a vegetarian I tried the fried tofu tacos and a spinach and fontina empanada. The flavor was very tasty and the tofu was fried just right in a spicy-sweet goodness. There are several hot sauces to choose from too and each one was pretty good. The only thing I would change is an additional mix and match option so I could have tried a couple of different tacos in one order, but they currently don't offer this. I will be back soon and definitely want to try the burrito bowl!
For how much great stuff I heard about this place... it was subpar. 

I got the fried tofu tacos and was pretty disappointed. They were very dry and the sauce didn't help at all. And all they had on top were slices of carrots. Ew. I don't know what other vegetarian taco options I could have gotten. I got a side of spinach empanada and it was actually very yummy! 

I really don't have much to say about this place. It was bleh. I might return for the empanada though.
Ordered the chicken tinga burrito and the chorizo burrito through GrubHub. What I received was a chicken tinga and a ground beef burrito :/ after a few bites this place immediately reminded me of a Chipotle and what I mean by that is a lack of flavor. So overall Im disappointed in my purchase and probably won't be coming back. Bring out the Valentina hot sauce, it's needed!!
Fish option review: Lunch here just didn't do it for me.  In my opinion there's much better options for fish tacos in the city.  I had the tuna salad and it was nothing special and it was a special.  The swordfish taco was just ok.  They have steps so caution for those toting strollers.  I'm a sauce fiend and their sauces just didn't make my cut.  I'd give them the benefit of the doubt and possibly come back for some carnivorous tacos.  High lunch hour was packed, so be cautious.  Oh the only thing that did it for me here was the spinach/fontina empanada minus the unnecessary sauce that came with it, it was yum!
I am leaving this review on Yelp instead of a food ordering and delivery service which shall not be named but which has the initials GH... why? Because if the food never arrives you don't get an opportunity to leave a review on GH. 

So anyway - You know when you order food and you are really excited about it? Well, we just moved into a new place and are demo-ing it ahead of a full on renovation. So we basically live in one room while the rest of the rooms are in a state of complete chaos, plaster dust, and old insulation. (Read: no kitchen). It was Friday after a full day of construction work and we were hungry and tired. Tacos sounded like just the thing, and we were really excited for our meal to arrive! We ordered a big mess of food and then started waiting. One hour passed, but I figured 'hey its Friday! Lots of people want tacos!" We waited another hour. At 2 hours in, I called the restaurant but believe it or not, nobody answered. I finally called GH who refunded the $ after not being able to get a hold of anyone at the restaurant either. But it didnt matter, we had waited so long (and had quite a few of the beers we intended to drink with the tacos) that it was too late to get anything else. (I had a almost slimy banana and some pita chips for dinner, all that we had in our makeshift apartment). 

Listen Revolution Taco! When people order take out, sometimes they dont have any other options and that food arriving means something. Dont accept orders you cannot fill.
I am a big fan of tacos and was extremely underwhelmed by this place.  

Here are the things that disappointed me about this place:
* When you walk in, it is very challenging to see the menu and even more difficult to see the specials.
* The cashier was not very friendly. Not outwardly rude, but clearly having a bad day.
* The little cups for the salsa are REALLY hard to close. We ended up crushing two of them just trying to get the top on.
* I heard someone ask for a knife - "we don't have plastic knives"... what?! I understand that you are primarily serving tacos, which generally do not require utensils, but what if someone (like the guy who asked) wanted to cut a burrito or empanada?  So bizarre.
* Most importantly - the FOOD. I went with two co-workers and we were all really unsatisfied with our orders.  Two of us got burrito bowls (1 chicken and 1 beef) and one a burrito (beef).  The rice was horrible.  While we were waiting for our food, I thought I heard one of the people on the line say that the rice had been cooked for a minute too long before switching it out for a new bag of rice.  After receiving my food, I am SURE that is what she said.  The rice was bland, really overcooked and had a very odd taste to it - horrible.  The beans and meat (and everything else) were very boring - no real flavor at all, not even after I doused it in salsa.  And worst of all - LETTUCE! My fault for not reading the board more closely, but lettuce on a burrito?!  Such a sin.

I will not be going back, ever.  There was nothing about this place that would warrant a return visit. Bummer.
Figured I would give this place a chance instead of going to Buena Onda, my usual taco place.  Right off the bat this place was off the wrong start as it forces you to order 2 or 3 of each different type of taco. I decided to order the ground beef burrito bowl  which was very average, the lettuce and salsa seemed very fresh but the beef tasted like something anyone could have made at home. Additionally I got a side of guac which was on par with chipotle, probably worse, and was more expensive. 

In the end this is just a very average taco spot in a city where average restaurants don't survive long.
I found out yesterday that Revolution Taco pre opened so I knew I had to try it. Let me start with what was on today's menu. On the right side there were burritos and burrito bowls with many meat and veggie protein options. Smoked chicken, gold angus ground beef, verde smoked pork,  chick pea veggie burger which sounds like falafel to me, and smoked mushrooms. The burrito shells are wheat so not gluten free. Also on the right side of the menu were 2 different empanadas and chips guac and salsa options. I don't think the empanadas are gluten free either. Now let's get to the reason why I wanted to try this new taqueria. The tacos. There were 10 options. You can not mix and match any of your tacos. 2 or 3 tacos per order except for the roast duck which you can get 1 or 2. 1st let's start with what I had. The roast duck on a scallion pancake. Ridiculous. One of the best tacos I've ever eaten. The only taco on the menu that contains gluten because of the scallion pancake. I also had 2 fried tofu tacos which had a tofu mayo on them. They are vegan. I am not. They were delicious and I will order them again next time I go. Seriously. Also on the menu is a smoked mushroom taco( also vegan), weekly special fish, bbq brisket, house made chorizo, glazed pork belly,  beef tongue and cheek, gold angus ground beef, and smoked chicken. Every person who had a taco had more meat than ice ever seen. The tacos are extremely filling. I want to try them all. I will go back again and again. You should too.
Finally! A taco spot in Rittenhouse/Center City that's worth visiting!

From the chefs that brought us Street Food Philly, Say Cheese and Taco Mondo. 

I highly recommend the Tongue and Cheek Taco with its ginger cabbage slaw. Nice combination of flavor, salt fat and texture. 

After that you must get the Duck Taco which is wrapped with a scallion pancake. Holy crap! This taco is too legit. Amazing flavor with really good contrast in texture of the scallion panckake and the tenderness of the duck. 

Don't forget about the Empanadas!

The whole menu is great and I'm excited to see what they'll have next to surprise us with. 

Staff was super friendly and the food came out in no time. 

I suggest going before or after lunch time to avoid the inevitable long line out the door.
Alas! Finally something in Center City which I can see myself going to quite often. I've been here on three occasions since their grand opening and while there are some negatives about the joint (wait time, no place to sit, etc.), the vast majority of the tacos have been hits. You can't mix and match tacos so your best bet is to come with a friend or two in order to split so you can try a variety. I've tried every taco but the vegan and fish options so here are my ratings rated from best to worst (within their respective buckets as well): 

Must trys: brisket, roast duck, ground beef

Would eat again: pork belly, beef tongue and cheek, chorizo

Would not eat again: smoked chicken (talk about dry and bland)

Chips and guacamole are extremely fresh as well, although for $5, I would expect more chips. 

I really hope that Revolution Taco rotates their menu for the locals that hope to make this a staple lunch spot. There are going to be complaints about the wait time but their tacos are damn good, so patience is key! Don't go during lunch hours if you're looking for a quick bite to eat.
I could definitely come here multiple times a week and not get sick of the food.  Revolution Taco is delicious! 

I like to come here and do a "tour of tacos"....basically come with a friend, order each taco that we decide sounds delicious/we are in the mood for that day, and share.  The tacos are pretty big, so if I want to have more than one kind, I have to come with a friend.  Since tacos come in orders of 2 or 3 (except the Duck Taco, which is 1 or 2 per order), I find teaming up to try the most flavors is the best approach!

Roast Duck Taco...beyond words fantastic!  The shell is a scallion pancake..I REPEAT: THE SHELL IS A SCALLION PANCAKE.  This is a must try if you have not been here before.  It is so flavorful, duck is super tender, YUM!  I like to get 1 of these and split it with a friend because it is extremely filling.


Chipotle BBQ Brisket is also a must try! The ginger cabbage slaw and pickled jalapenos compliment the brisket perfectly.  the shallots add a nice texture.  The brisket is super tender and flavorful.

House made Chorizo is extremely flavorful and the creme and salsa roja on top are perfect components to compliment the flavor of the chorizo.

I really like the charred pineapple salsa on the smoked pork pastor taco.

The flavor of the Korean Short rib is awesome.  Different than the other tacos, so definitely something to try if you like the types of flavors that are incorporated in this taco.

The mushroom vegan taco and the smoked cauliflower are great options if you want a veggie taco as well!  Super flavorful and (if you are not a vegan or vegetarian and might be a little wary to try a taco sans meat) you will not find these tacos lacking in anything.  They are super satisfying.

The spinach and fontina empenanda is super delicious, but I tend to go with the weekly special if I do order an empenada.

The other menu items look delicious, and I will have to start trying them more as I make my way through the rest of the tacos.  

The tacos are super filling and they have a great Salsa/sauce bar to enhance your tacos even more.

Do not miss the chips and guacamole, a great addition to your meal!

The only downside...this place gets very crowded and there are not too many tables.  I have been here with the line out the door, and people hovering over others to get seats.  If you don't come at the right time, you can be waiting 30+ minutes for tacos.  If you hit this spot at the right time though, you will not be disappointed!
Pricey , slow , food was dry. Had a variety of tacos and guacamole and chips. Burrito also. Bom Bom is better. Tortilla was so thick and dry, no flavor.
They constantly get your orders wrong, over and over again. When you tell them, they yell at you. Not good service. STAY AWAY
So I am going to start off this review with: I can't wait to go back to this place! I really enjoyed my experience here. I was walking home one day and noticed this new addition to the neighborhood; luckily, within a matter of minutes a friend asked if I wanted to get dinner and I quickly suggested this place. 

We came at just the right time - this place is order/pickup at the register style with first come, first serve seating. There are plenty of table options and also bar seating in front of the large window that overlooks walnut. The line wasn't very long around 7 and our food was out in a matter of 15 minutes. At that point, there were plenty of table options to choose from so we got lucky. A bunch of people walked in shortly after we sat down. 

We ordered the following and here are my reviews on each:

- Smoked chicken taco: this was ok, definitely my least favorite though; compared to everything else we tried this tasted the most bland and we would have been better off ordering something a little more wild

- Chipotle beef brisket taco: THIS WAS MY FAVORITE; the meat was tender, but not dry and flavorful but not overwhelming; the toppings complemented the meat perfectly and, honestly, I would have been happy with just eating only this taco

- Roasted duck taco: THIS WAS MY SECOND FAVORITE AND ONLY BY A SLIGHT MARGIN; what isn't to love about a taco that uses a scallion pancake as the taco shell? The duck was cooked really well and of very high quality; I didn't find it gamey at all. I also thought that toppings were a perfect match on this guy. The only reason it didn't end up being my favorite was because it had a hint of sweetness that I just wasn't expecting

- Spinach and fontina empanada: I though this was pretty good. I wanted a little more seasoning, but I would considering ordering again and/or trying the other specialty empanadas next time.

- Chips and guac: OK, honestly, best fresh tortilla chips that I have every had the pleasure of devouring. The guac was great too!

Overall, the food here was great! I'd just say that if you're claiming something to be hot or spicy, make sure it is! I thought all of the hot sauces were bland and not as advertised, but this is the ONLY thing I'd change. 

Expect to see me back soon, owners of Revolution Taco; I've found my new go-to specialty taco joint.
I've been here for lunch a couple of times and left very stisfied with my lunch choice each time.  I've tried the  smoked chicken, ground beef, and BBQ brisket tacos. The beef and BBQ brisket tacos are outstanding. Had me licking my fingers after I ate each one. The chicken was good but not as memorable as the beef and BBQ brisket. I'm looking forward to trying their other tacos as well! You get to order the tacos in groups of 2 or 3, making it a good spot to go with a group of 2 or 3 and then share. They also give out samples of their brownies. The sample did its job, luring me in to purchasing the entire brownie the next time. But if you are watching your calorie intake, just grab a couple of samples.

The only downside is that the place is small and cramped and it can be hard to get a table.
We got the chicken tinga tacos and a cauliflower one. The cauliflower was really bland. Even with their sauce they were not flavorful. Also we were told they no longer have mushroom which is what we wanted to order.   Maybe it was a bad day but it just wasn't great.
Was hoping for something great but came away feeling these tacos were expensively just OK. Came for lunch on a Sunday with a friend; I had chicken and he went veggie. Portions size is good (considering the price), place was clean and staff was great. Unfortunately we both found the offerings to be quite bland. Tried to dress it up with the sauces available but it didn't do much good. Bummer.
Took forever to get our BBQ tacos and chicken burrito.  Mediocre, overpriced food.  I will stick to Chipotle.  Better food for less money.
Checking this place out due to great Yelp reviews.

This location is located in a busy cool spot of Philly.

The decor is really nice but seating is limited (maybe 15-20 people).

The cashier was just blah. Not mean but not friendly as I would expect from a higher priced lunch spot.

Tried the duck tacos ($14 for 2) since I saw such positive reviews.  The scallion pancake outside was tasty.   I was not crazy about it.  I'm not a duck eater so it may be me but not my favorite.

Since you can't mix and match tacos my friend ordered the brisket tacos ($12 for 2) and we swapped a taco.  I really enjoyed the brisket taco.  It was a generous size but a bit greasy.  I suppose from the meat.   I can't imagine if I had to have it to go.  Luckily we got there early to sit at a tab;e.

They have a few Salas to choose from.  I chose plain which was ok.

Meals are prepared to order so it was about a 15-20 min wait.

Had the fontina cheese empanada ($3).   It was very tasty. Really loved it 

All in all I spent about $18 for lunch with no drinks.  2 tacos and 1 empanada.  A bit pricy for lunch (for me) especially with no waitress service.

There is definitely a following. The place was busy on a cold rainy winter day.  I can only imagine the summer.

Will I be back?  Probably not.
In honor of Superbowl Sunday I found it appropriate to drop some reviews on some gameday worthy foods. And what could be better for this than some truly revolutionary tacos?!

This revolution first had me at tacos, but then the love grew as I noticed the global inspiration of their menu, and the wall that pays homage to several varieties of spicy chili peppers. My reasoning for giving four stars is that living in South Philly for so many years has spoiled me with several delicious taco options on a budget, and by comparison Revolution Taco is a touch overpriced. But that price does go a long way in the quality and their eclectic options, so much so that they're even one of the very few taco places that may have you asking for a burger (https://mobilefoodnews.com/philadelphia-pa-shhhhh-revolution-taco-has-a-secret-burger/).

Favorites of mine include the following:

House made chorizo taco - It first had me with their Chorizo being house made and with its cotija cheese, salsa roja, and crema it might just be the best chorizo taco in Phily!

Korean beef taco - Forget all of the others that you've had. With its spicy aioli, pickled cucumber, sesame seeds, and cilantro this fusion taco is the real deal!

Roast duck taco - Put roast duck, ginger cabbage slaw, pickled oyster mushrooms, crispy duck skin, and a plum BBQ sauce inside a scallion pancake sauce, and you have a taco that's the best of Chinese leftovers!

Smoked mushroom taco - Smoked mushrooms, a corn & black bean salsa, and avocado chimichurri come together for the 2nd best vegan taco that I've ever had!

BBQ spiced cauliflower taco - perfectly BBQed cauliflower, a chipotle sundried tomato vinaigrette slaw, cilantro, and fried tortilla bits come together for the 1st best vegan taco that I've ever had!

Non-taco fans will also find solace in burritos, burrito bowls, and some incredible homemade empanadas. But be sure to save room for a sea salted brownie!
Duck tacos!! Shall I say it again? DUCK TACOS!!! That is really all there is to day. I am sure other items are just as good but if you don't get the DUCK TACOS, you will have bad luck for 7 years!! Joking. But not joking. Walked in randomly after a bomb a** workout at a gym next door and I am so happy that I did. I ordered the DUCK TACOS (get the theme here?) and my palate was pleasantly pleased. The chicken chicharonnes that topped the tacos were so good! I usually don't eat meat at all but on the occasion I go for some good poultry and this was well worth the pescatarian diet sacrifice!! 

I was a little thrown off by the prices, hence the 4 stars. Actually, I did not order a side of guacamole (MY FAVORITE!!) because they were listed as "market price". I have NEVER EVER EVER seen this at a restaurant. Market price on GUAC WTF?!! Needless to say, hard pass. But overall, the tacos were amaze!

Try them! You will thank me!
I am on the fence about Revolution Taco because I've had one disappointing meal and one fantastic meal.

On my first visit I ordered the duck taco. The dish borrows elements of Chinese cooking without proper execution. For me, the worst part was the scallion pancake - greasy and messy to hold. I would have preferred a tortilla.

I enjoyed what I ordered the second time - mushroom tacos and short rib empanada. The tortillas were firm and served as the perfect receptacle for hearty mushrooms, beans, and corn. The empanada was the best thing I'd eaten in a while - crispy, flaky, and full of cheesy goodness. This alone would warrant a return visit. 

Next time I visit I will try one of the more traditional tacos and update accordingly.
Alright, I hate to say this but expectations weren't met :( 

Went in on a Friday during lunch and ordered the fish of the day (fried octopus) 2 tacos and a spinach & fontina empanada. Waited about 40 minutes for takeout, no problem, I understand it's prime food time in the city and I wasn't in a rush, but this would not have been ideal timing during my normal work day.

For spending close to $15 or $16 gotta say I was pretty disappointed. I was expecting tacos filled with delicious goodies and flavor.. instead i got tortillas, fried octopus, cabbage and some sauce. Even after adding 3 different kinds of additional sauces I was left unsatisfied. 

I will say the empanada was delicious and I've heard the duck is really good so if I come back I know what I'm ordering, but not really motivated to make a trip so soon.
Delicious tacos. Fresh guac is great. Making tacos great again!
This is overrated and it's not authentic at all. Extremely pricy for what it offers, you're better going to chipotle or something. That's how not great it is. I'd definitely recommend other locations for a better price and quality food.
1. The tacos come in 2's or 3's and there is no mixing and matching. So if you want to try more than one type of taco, you have to get 4+ and, unfortunately, I cannot eat 4 tacos in one sitting - super disappointing because I wanted to try the chorizo and the smoked chicken. 

2. We had to wait 20 min for 2 tacos and 2 empanadas. 

3. There is no silverware whatsoever.

4. We got the chorizo tacos and an order of empanadas. They were excellent.
Good, if slightly pricey tacos for the experience.

Came here for lunch with a colleague, and meal was good, if not consistent with other similarly high end taco places that experiment a bit with the form. Got the smoked pork tacos, and the chorizo tacos -- both of which met expectations but didn't leave a substantial impact. The empanada's here were a surprising standout that I would definitely recommend if you're ordering here.

Staff was friendly and the time from placing our order to getting our food was pretty quick -- making this a solid lunch option if you're working in the area. 

If you're in the area and in the mood for a taco in a sit down location, you might want to check our Revolution Taco, and if you do -- get that empanada!
So yummy! I have a sixth sense for good tacos! Wandered in here while hanging out in the city today. I can't turn down the opportunity for brisket tacos or short rib tacos when the opportunity arises. They know what they're doing here! Very generous portions. Very flavorful and perfectly tender meat! Delisioso!
First, I have to say that I love the concept of high-end tacos that your average person can enjoy. The menu has many different options that will appeal to a wide variety of people, from the picky "I only eat beef tacos" people to the adventurous foodie. I also love the choice of 2 or 3 tacos. Too many taco shops assume that everyone can finish 3 tacos, so kudos to Revolution Taco for implementing a choice.

I ordered the weekly fish special, which happened to be black cod today (after they ran out of black cod, I heard that they were offering swordfish next... damn! I would've loved swordfish tacos). I expected tiny little tacos like the ones in El Rey, but these are much bigger and, dare I say, better. Lots of big pieces of fish filet all nicely grilled. The pineapple/pepper salsa was simply awesome. I also tried the mild tomatillo and medium sauces and they were on point. I'm definitely going to try this place again. Looking forward to trying the tongue and cheek tacos as well as the house-made chorizo.

I like the vibe of this place, too. At 8:30pm or so, all of the seats were taken so it's good to see that others also know that this is a great go-to for good tacos.
I think we could call ourselves taco lovers.  We love a good taco and this place sounded just right.  It's a simple place which clearly helps keep the price point lower.  It wasn't their best day however with trash overflowing and dirty floors and tables.  We ordered anyway because it looked like they had some nice food options.  I ordered the 3 little pigs which was okay but not exceptional.  I happily offered the second taco to my boyfriend who had gotten a burrito bowl with the ground beef.  I was  more disappointed with that unfortunately.  The only really exceptional item was the back and date empanada.  The flavors were great and unique and they were a great dessert.  Stop by for an empanada.
After having managed to start my day before sunrise on a bleary Sunday, I decided to treat myself to some tasty tacos during a late lunch. I had been meaning to try Revolution Taco's roast duck tacos for a while, so that was the first thing I said when they asked for my order. I also tried two of their specials that day: salmon tacos and a bison empanada. 

The food was made fresh and came out within 10 minutes. There were 5 very colorful sauces to choose from, including regular salsa, hot salsa, salsa verde, mango salsa, and coconut lime salsa. Curious, I had to try them all. I personally liked the hot salsa on everything, and thought the bison empanada tasted best with the coconut lime salsa. 

Everything was tasty. The duck tacos contained a generous amount of filling. Be warned that it is quite heavy, due to the deep-fried scallion pancake shell. If I hadn't skipped breakfast and been starving, I would have gotten full on half of the taco. 

The salmon tacos were also tasty. The salmon pieces were perfectly grilled and their savoriness was nicely balanced by fresh chunks of pineapple. The bison empanada was also good, though it was more of a snack item, filled only with seasoned ground bison (I don't remember if onions were in there). It was good, but I've had more creatively filled empanadas in Philly before. 

The staff was very friendly and the decor is clean and modern. In terms of quality, I am definitely a fan. Everything was fresh down to the very soft corn tortilla shells. It's a bit more expensive than average for tacos (though cheaper than Buena Onda), but definitely worth it for a treat.
My and my people hit this place up in between lunch and dinner. Since there were 6 of us, we were able to sample most of what they had... Smoked chicken in both burrito and taco form was a highlight. Otherwise, pretty average overall...
Figured I give this Taco joint a try as I was walking down Walnut Street post lunch hour. Based on the reviews I was really excited, but unfortunately the taco I purchased missed the mark for me. I ordered the Duck Taco - 1 taco is $8 bucks. I will give them credit for the creativity, but the duck itself was overcooked and quite dry. I was able to manage the taste due to the wide variety of hot sauces. Anyhow if you're empanda fan - I will give credit to their special of the day Buffalo Chicken ($3). I would rate that 3.5 stars - a little higher than the taco - go figure. For the price of the taco, I would pass on the duck taco from my perspective. Also, didn't like the fact for the other meats, that you have to order them in quantities of 2 or 3. I would prefer to be able to mix n match.
I happened to check Twitter at just the right time & discovered Revolution Taco was doing a soft open today. I'd been eagerly awaiting its opening as there is a severe lack of amazing tacos on the west side of Rittenhouse Square. 

I wasn't sure what to expect but I walked in and the interior was sleek & spacious. Plenty of room for lunch buddies! The staff was very friendly and seemed skilled/knowledgeable despite being brand new. 

I wanted to try everything on the menu but practicality struck and I got 2 chorizo tacos (the chorizo is made in-house!) and the naked burrito bowl (so I could feel less guilty about ordering more than one thing!) The chorizo was amazing. Even the shell itself was bursting with flavor. I don't think I've ever truly tasted a tortilla until this day. The roasted pork naked burrito was just beyond delicious. There was so much flavor in every bite.  I shared my other taco with a coworker & she could not believe how amazing it was either! 

Revolution Taco is now my go-to lunch spot.  There are gluten free options. There are vegan options. You can and should bring everyone you know - no excuses! I need to try everything on the menu - the empanadas are calling my name.  I'm also hoping in the future they might consider a "flight" of tacos so it's easier to try everything!
Revolution is HANDS DOWN my favorite fast casual taco restaurant - my first time here I decided to go for the Korean short rib after getting a suggestion from the girl behind the counter. It smelled so good that I completely forgot to take a photo before I devoured it, luckily I remembered before going for the second. Definitely the messiest of the tacos I've had here, but it's only because they're so juicy from the short rib sauce. If you're looking for something even more wallet-friendly, the Gold Angus Ground Beef and Chicken Tinga tacos are every bit as flavorful and delicious, with just as unique accent toppings. My favorite to-date, though, has got to be the BBQ Brisket. Again, a little pricier than some of the others but the flavor is unbeatable and it's so packed full that by the end of the first taco you're already full. 
Cannot wait to go back and keep trying something new every time. If you're as big a taco fan as myself, do yourself a favor and try out this delicious little gem.
Went to revolution taco to grab a quick bite to eat. The service was good and quick. The girl at the counter was really nice and gave us some recommendations. There weren't a lot of veggie options which made it hard for me, I ended up ordering the cauliflower tacos, which were good in flavor, a little more oily than I would like. Add a little hot sauce and overall the meal was not so bad.
I am giving it three stars as I have a mixed opinion. We ordered Chicken and Cauliflower Tacos. The chicken tacos were just okay, not really flavourful but the cauliflower ones were really great. It had fried cauliflower, avocados and fried potatoes shavings...Yum! I even liked the mellow yellow sauce. I will return to the place only to have Cauliflower Tacos since it's super close by.
In general, revolution taco is a solid spot for a quick bite. I love how you order at the counter and sit down for those who want a faster, cheaper way to dine. The duck taco is by far my favorite.. it comes on a special thick taco shell, almost like a latke, and you only get one of them instead of two for $8. I don't see this taco on the website, so can't provide more details, but it's on the specials menu of tacos in the store. 

The BBQ spiced cauliflower tacos were a bit disappointing they need more spicy flavor. Bar Bombon has better cauliflower tacos. However I do really like the smoked pork pastor tacos at Revolution taco. The Mahi mahi tacos (seafood special) is OK. I prefer the Mahi tacos at Buena Onda. I also prefer how Buena Onda lets you mix and match tacos, Revolution does NOT. 

So overall I really do like Revolution taco and I eat here often. It's probably one of the better fast food taco joints in the Rittenhouse area. However compared to some other spots, it's just not my favorite. Go try it for yourself!
I woke up with a taco craving, and by the end of the day, Revolution Taco had it satisfied. I ordered 2 chorizo (home made!!!) tacos, and it was way more filling than I expected. So flavorful that I didn't need any of their 5 sauces! My friends ordered the cauliflower tacos and chickpea burger burrito, which they thoroughly enjoyed as well. 

In comparison to the other taco places in Center City, this one is definitely my favorite. You get the best value for your money, and it's by far the tastiest! It won't be a hard decision to come back, just what to order next time.
Revolution tacos was delicious but a bit pricey.
The bacon and dates empanada with almond honey was freaking amazing. That was the real star of the dish.
Chorizo and brisket tacos were delicious. The chorizo was very flavorful. The chipotle bbq brisket was  juicy. The flavor combos weren't new and exciting, but the tacos were done well.
Relaxed atmosphere and can be a bit of a wait.
Decent taco sizes and prices that are a bit high so it's a treat. 
I'll be back to try more and definitely for the empanada
The very first meal I had as a Philadelphia resident!

After a long day of moving, and not eating, I was looking for something satisfying - yet not completely unhealthy.  This place called out to me so as to say, "You've reached your destination."

I ordered the chick pea bowl.  Rice, beans, sauces, pico, and salty little pillows of heaven that have ground chick peas in them.  The saltiness of these bites played well with the other flavors in the dish.  I devoured it in about 2 minutes.  I thought it could have been a little bigger for the price, but it was satisfying, which is what I set out for.

You'll be seeing more of me, Revolution Taco!
Vegetarian review:

I came here on a rainy day craving a burrito a few weeks ago. Well, I went upto order and they DIDNT have tofu as an option- just cauliflower or some chickpea patty.. Neither of those sounded good so I asked for guacomole instead. They were out of guacomole.  So I just got no protein, and the cashier looked at me like I was crazy and I asked her to add a little bit more rice and beans so that it wouldn't be super small.

I got the burrito, it was a decent size and got the green salsa, the red one and then the really hot one. 

Burrito itself was okay.. just felt really dry, even with the pico and extra diablo I asked them to put inside. I tried to add the salsa to it but didn't like any of them. The green one was the alright, it was just very limey. The really spicy one was exactly that, just really spicy with no real depth of flavor. The other red one had a Smokey flavor to it & I hate smokey flavors.

Overall, I suggest checking it out once, especially if you like cauliflower or chickpea partties in your Mexican food. I would loveee if they added a normal tofu option- for the non hipster.

I would come here again if my friends wanted, but it's nothing I would crave or voluntarily come to.
Delicious tacos. The Korean beef tacos is spicy enough to give it a kick but not overwhelming that dominate the tacos. Generous portions of tender meat. You can choose between two or three tacos per order. 

I ordered takeout and the tacos were in environmentally friendly containers.

The staff is friendly. The place is clean but not many seatings.

Definitely come back to try different kinds
I went here for lunch & was presently surprised! The staff was friendly & the food was great! The only issue I had was the cramped space... 

We tried the smoked chicken tacos & the bbq brisket chipotle tacos. While both tacos were good, the bbq brisket was excellent! The chicken taco was tasty while the bbq brisket taco was brimming with flavor.
While eating, they were giving out samples of brownies. The brownies were delicious. 

The only issue I had here was the cramped space. The tables barely provide enough space for you to be comfortable. A little more arm & leg room and this place would be perfect.
Stopped in for tacos today in the midst of the "snow storm" and was delighted to see a nice crowd mid-afternoon with the same thought as me. The space is warm and inviting with a really cool pepper wall. My friend and I had both empanadas (spinach and fontina & the special smoked pork). The dough was ridiculously delicious and inside was a warm gooey taste of home. For tacos we had the smoked chicken, special seared tuna, brisket, and ground beef. All were a really wonderful display of flavors complementing the next. We had two of each kind and I walked out totally satiated. 

So glad there are good tacos on that side of town! Thank you for doing what you do!! Can't wait to come back.
So I happened to try Revolution Taco for the first time on Mix N' Match Monday so I was able to try three different tacos without breaking the bank.

The Gold Angus Ground Beef Taco was above average. I feel this taco should come in a hard shell however and think most Taco spots are rolling there ingredients in two corn tortillas as it is cheaper...do not like that we do not get an option to put the taco in a hard shell and are doubled up on cards with two corn tortillas as other yelpers have almost mentioned their displeasure with this presentation.

The Chorizo taco was unedible for me. I ate half and had to throw it away. Not sure how people tolerate all that sodium I did not enjoy it but only deducting one star as it could just be that Chorizo is too salty for my taste buds.

The Sweet and Sour Chicken Taco - We have ourselves a winner. Basically a jumbo chicken tender that is sweet and fried. It has good flavor and I am glad I tried it but I would not come back to pay $8 plus dollars for two of these.

You ultimately have to decide if you do not mind ordering two different taco options on any other day then Monday to get some variety but your looking at around $20.

I will be coming back for the Duck Tacos with chicken skin in the taco...now that sounds like its worth ordering which btw is not available to order on Mix N' Match Mondays unless you get an order of two. Kinda weak fellas you can't give this option to the public even on Mix N' Match Mondays.
Came across this place after a night out drinking. It's a bit pricey for some tacos but I really liked their chorizo tacos ! Very flavorful and probably the best chorizo tacos I've had. My boyfriend got the al pastor tacos and we thought they were okay. A bit fatty for my taste. I love how they have different hot sauces you can try. I thought their strawberry got sauce was pretty different and unique.
Coming from California, I always hear people complain that there isn't good Mexican food in Philly. While that is mostly true, I would be up for going to Revolution Taco, any day. 

Not your traditional taco, but they have a ton of choices (meat and flavors) and they are all action packed. Besides from the tacos themselves, they also have fun hot sauces to try. Rare chance to try a jackfruit based hot sauce. 

If you want to try a bunch of different flavors I HIGHLY recommend going to "Mix n Match Mondays"! Rather than having to purchase 2-3 tacos of one flavor (standard offering), you are able to mix and match them. I was very satisfied with all three that I got - the Korean Beef Taco, Chicken and Carne Asada! Three tacos will definitely fill you up!
Dope tacos. I'm always a bit weary whenever I see a semi-upscale taco place. Why are the tacos pricey? Are they worth it? Am I *really* paying ten bucks for two tacos?

Quality ingredients, yes and yes. I got a couple tacos and a beef empanada, and everything was delicious. I did think the tacos were a little pricey, but the quality was excellent, and I was filled with my order.

I would definitely recommend Revolution Taco and STRONGLY suggest you try out the sauces. They were all pretty delicious, especially the verde.
Tacos were very good....we were a group of 3 and we each got a different items with 3 tacos: chicken tinga, Korean beed tacos, and chorizo tacos.

Out of the three items I liked the chorizo best as it had a nice but mild spice kick. 

This way we were able to mix and match...it was actually quite good. I'll definitely be back to try other things.
Unfortunately we've had the displeasure of encountering a staff named Alexandria who repeatedly out loud kept complaining not only about the store management but also made allegations such as the supervisors often force the employees to take tequila shots during slow hours. We understand employees have frustrations and it's perfectly normal to vent, however, when done in front of customers, it just appears unprofessional and creates a negative ambience. When it happened at our every visit,  we stopped going to the shop and just ordered in from them just so we didn't have to encounter the disgruntled employee. 
Excellent Tacos, fast service, and prices are great. Set in a convenient location. My husband and I frequently order in , would recommend to people.
Decent tacos. Way overpriced guacamole ($8 for a serving that might last 8-10 chips). Service was mediocre; the lady taking my order was very nice and patient. $45 for 6 tacos, gauc and chips, two wagers, and a brownie.
Stumbled into Revolution Taco simply because I was being lazy before heading home from a hairdresser appointment. I needed to eat,  I like tacos, and I was already on Walnut street. Coming here was just logic. I have never rad a review nor heard of this place.

What did I get? I love Duck when it's done well and  was pretty willing to go with the recommendation  of the cashier. With that said I forced ranked and got the Roast Duck Taco instead of the Korean Short rib which ill try once I overdose on the Duck Taco.

Overdose is the right word. I fell in love with the Roast Duck Taco. The pancake shell was devine and sturdy and once I got a bite with the crispy chicken skin I was over the moon. The cabbage slaw, mushrooms and plum sauce make it a masterpiece and the amount of Duck made the $8 taco I got a meal. I was satisfied. I've contemplated driving into the city just to get it again. 

Washed the taco down with a Guava soda. I got my order to go and ate it in the car while I drove home but the place was clean while I waited for my order. Not a lot of waiting area space but that wasn't an issue order came out fast and if I would've dined-in on a Friday night around 7p I could've found a seat. Yummy..I'm glad I stumbled in.
I just ate a burrito bowl with a chickpea veggie burger on it. It was perfectly delicious! A bed of fluffy rice was sprinkled with black beans (tender, not mushy),shredded lettuce, lime crème, and spicy and flavorful salsa roja and pico de gallo (I chose to leave out the cheese). The burger came as 3 or 4 finger-sized logs - crispy on the outside and creamy on the inside strips - I loved them. Will definitely return. With a drink it came to $10-something - a great price for a perfect lunch or dinner.
I came in here for a quick lunch (I had been given a giftcard and I wanted to use it). I ordered the mushroom burrito bowl -- delicious! It doesn't look like a big lunch in the bowl they provide, but I was stuffed after eating. All good fresh ingredients - I will definitely be back for lunch!
Finally got around to trying this place and was not disappointed in the slightest. I'd heard the tacos were a bit pricey, but after dining here I understand why. Not only are they delicious, but they're stuffed to the brim and seriously filling! Don't let the $8 tag on the duck taco scare you off because it is scrumptious.
Super delicious tacos! Crazy lunch crowd so plan accordingly but definitively worth waiting for.  Portions are quite sizable to keep that in mind when ordering. Love the variety of sauces to compliment the main courses.
Very good wholesome tacos! Each taco has its own uniqueness and all are very tasty. The roast duck scallion pancake taco is delicious!
Great quick place for a different type of taco. Tried the Korean beef which was tender and juicy with just the right amount of sauce. Also the pork pastor which is probably the closest thing to an original Mexican taco. Pork not greasy. And of course had to try the duck. The scallion pancake was fantastic. Underwhelmed by the flavor of the duck! Not very juicy and just too much sauce and slaw. Drowned out what should've been the star of the dish!
Channeling my inner Valley girl: So, like seriously, these are the best tacos--ever. Chips and guac are like totally awesome. The neg reviewers--oh my god-- clueless! Whatever...
The duck tacos are incredible!!! I'm not a huge duck person but I saw that people were raving about them so I had to try. Will definitely be back to order them again! :) also the pineapple hot sauce is really good too.
YUM YUM YUM.

These tacos are bomb. Seriously, so so good. I've had their chipotle BBQ brisket (Ginger cabbage slaw, pickled jalapenos, & crispy shallots). Which were soo soo good. I ordered 3 and ended up being full from two and giving my friend my last one. 

Another time I went I tried one of their "specials" which they change weekly. I got the salmon and it was SOOOO good. I was super glad I tried the special, because they may not have it again. It had salmon (I think red cabbage) and pineapple salsa. Mmm I am wanting one now typing this. I ordered two and was perfectly filled. 

My friends all liked the tacos they ordered as well, one got the curry cauliflower and another got their burrito with chickpea veggie burger. They both liked their choices, although the one said two tacos was not enough for her and would suggest getting three. 

I will definitely go back here and most likely try another taco on the menu. It's a great lunch spot. You can take your tacos to go or eat in. They have seating for about 15-20 people max. Their seating is pretty small, so depending on the time you go you may not get a seat.
Revolution Taco is a fun and trendy taco joint in the Rittenhouse neighborhood. I ordered takeout from here on Grubhub during the pandemic, so I'm not sure how the dine-in experience would normally be. But the food was scrumptious and delicious. The food is more on the side of Americanized tacos as opposed to traditional Mexican cuisine, but it still hit the spot. I ordered their classic beef tacos - but this isn't your Old El Paso family taco night with just ground beef and shredded lettuce. The tacos were stuffed with various fillings and made for a satisfying lunch.

Overall a great taco eatery I'd gladly visit again.
I orders the Gold Angus ground beef tacos which you have to order on groups of 2 or 3.  They are pretty large so 2 is enough, I ordered 3...

They were very slow on a Saturday when I came and it took longer than I thought it would to cook the order.  The tacos look very good and the lime crema is amazing.  I found them very good but the beef is a little salty and a little dry.  Having said that I will come back as overall the meal was good and good tacos are hard to find in Philly.
pretty good burrito bowls! the chorizo one tasted great and the portion is pretty big. friendly service
Wanting to quench my craving for Mexican, I strolled in one Wednesday afternoon. The place is clean I was kindly greeted by the employees there. I found the tacos to be juicy and have good flavor. I would have preferred the taco shell (soft) to be heated or baked a bit. The tacos were kind of pricey. 2 tacos for $7.50 not including tax.
I was really excited to find out Taco Mondo was opening a restaurant! I have always loved the smoked mushroom tacos from the truck, and was super excited that the restaurant serves them as well. They are just as good as they are from the truck! Bonus it has opened only a few blocks away from where I work - have a feeling I will be going here a lot!
Quality spot to grab a few tacos! I had the chicken which were yummy. Corn tortillas and onions, more like a traditional taco not Tex mex. Also got chips and salsa but that wasn't worth it. The chips are the thick kind and there was no where near enough salsa to chip ratio. I left 3/4s if my chips untouched cause the tiny salsa ramekin was gone in minutes.
Overall: Great little place for a quick bite

Ambiance: It is a small place, fairly new, for quick dinners. It was empty when we went (Sat night at 9pm), but it's trendy. I think you'll be fine with a family here, just not your typical family dinner restaurant.

Menu: Lots of selections - beef, chicken, chorizo, fried cauliflower, mushrooms, and couple more. I tried Chicken, Chorizo, and Cauliflower and all 3 were good. Priced for the city. You get fed for your money.

Drinks: I believe they have alcohol but we came here from a bar so weren't "thirsty".

Price: I think it was $7 for 2 tacos and $9 for 3 tacos.
I ordered the chicken tinga bowl online and paid $2 for guacamole. I walked from work to pick it up so I could eat during my lunch meeting. 

I came back and realized there was no guac on my bowl, was a little disappointed and decided to call them to let them know my guac (which was additional) was not included. Instead of being met with concern and apologies, I was put on hold for 2 minutes (had to step away from my meeting) and was asked to bring my bowl back to "prove [I] didn't have the guacamole." At this point I'm beyond frustrated, and asked why do I have to prove to you something that you didn't do, that I paid additionally for? If I had my guacamole I would've been happily eating instead of calling them back. 

I had to request that I could SEND pictures of my bowl to someone. Previously all I wanted was an apology for the mishap and an offer for something in the future, when I was met with uncertainty, that's when I decided if I had to prove I didn't have guacamole then they should refund me my $2. 

I received a call back more than 10 minutes after I texted the photo. It was the person who made my order who apologized (whom I believe was not the manager), and she said "I hope you don't have a bad experience from this." At this point I already did. They promised a refund of the $2 but I've yet to see it process. If it posts, I'll update this, in the mean time I'm not sure if they forgot. If I don't get the refund, I definitely won't be calling them about and but I also won't order from them again, because you know, integrity.

My bowl was hearty and very flavorful, loved the lime crema and fresh lettuc, but it was a snack... as in the portion just felt underwhelming. I wish I could tell you about how the guac tasted, but I don't know where that $2 spoonful went.
I came in for a quick bite in between other activities and tried the duck taco.  It was okay, flavors weren't bad, but it was much too salty for my taste.  The taco is served with a scallion pancake shell, which was interesting on it's own.  The taco is filled out with ginger cabbage slaw, mushrooms, sesame seeds, and crispy chicken skin.  It is a little strange that there is crispy chicken skin when duck skin is so delicious and crispy.  But I suppose it should be expected in this sort of cafeteria situation, however, it wasn't exactly a cheap taco, one taco was 8 or 9 dollars (I don't remember exactly).  

Overall, not something that I will be rushing back for.  The concept is solid, but the execution is not quite there.

Service was friendly.
I initially got tacos from a Revolution Taco food truck during one of the many street festivals that we have in Philly. My friend and I split an order of the fried fish and the carnitas tacos, so we got one of each. No lie - the fried fish was the best taco I've ever had. 

Since then, I've been to the physical location on 20th and Walnut twice... and both times left me wanting just a little bit more. Neither of the two flavor combos I got from the food truck is available on their regular menu, which is a shame. 

From their regular menu, I've had the ground beef (ordered the Korean beef to go but they accidentally gave us the ground beef instead) and the duck taco. Both were good, but nothing to write home about. I know some people do not like the double tortillas but I personally enjoy it as I feel my taco is less likely to burst open. 

They make your order fresh which is great, but there's no drink machine so everything comes in bottles. There is a small cooler of water available. I personally think it's quite pricey for a fast casual restaurant (three tacos is admittedly a better deal than just two) but fair given the Rittenhouse location. 

It's worth checking out if you're in the area but I likely wouldn't go out of my way. Unless it's the food truck in which case I will check out what they have on the menu!
So I wanted to break away from my usual Chipotle/Qdoba routine of burrito bowls, and I stopped by the neighborhood Revolution Taco (which also serves burrito bowls). 

Revolution is a nice little nook in the Rittenhouse Square neighborhood, and it smells nice once you walk in. But be warned - there is no drink fountain here; you'll have to order drinks by the bottle, and that means water also. And the cashier didn't endear a sense of welcome either; she literally just jumped over to the register and kinda starred blankly into space, until I verbalized an order.

The chicken tinga burrito bowl I ordered did not allow me to leave with a full tummy, as I always do with Chipotle & Qdoba; but I did leave with an enjoyable fresh taste in my mouth. Perhaps the 3-taco entrees, with their more-filling tortilla shells, would be a better choice if someone was pretty hungry.

It was difficult for me to tell if the chicken was all white meat or not, as it was chopped up pretty finely buried under the lettuce, and was partially covered with the salsa roja, lima créme, and rice.

I will say that the chicken was moist and the grill gave it a nice, smokey flavor. The salsa roja had a really nice spice that Qdoba does not have. Also, that lima créme was a wake-up alarm for the taste buds that really hit a home run on the burrito experience.

The saving graces for a $10 bowl that did not fill me up were the fresh flavors and supporting a neighborhood business. At some point I'd probably get an itch to try some of the other unique meats that Revolution Taco offers; but next time I'll opt for the traditional tacos.
My partner and I love tacos and rarely ever miss a taco Tuesday. This was the first time dining here for both of us. We were underwhelmed. 

The vibe is cool, LOVE the music they were playing. We are pescatarian so we ordered the spinach empanadas, the only fish option, grilled salmon, and the cauliflower and mushroom tacos. The salmon was very bland, the salsa on top was good but I wish the salmon was seasoned better! The mushroom was just a no for me. It was smoky and just not good. The cauliflower tacos were both of our favorite! Could do without the spinach empanadas. Nothing special. 

We were trying to hook our tacos up with hot sauce and they have none!!! The wall with all the decorative peppers and spices led me to believe there would be some great sauces to try. There were 3 - none were good. The guy who was working actually gave us a hot sauce that he created and it had a great kick. They should put that on the menu!

Probably won't go back, unfortunately.
I would say 3.5 but I'm feeling hopeful so I rounded to 4. Cute place, was pretty lively for 8pm on a Tuesday. I'll start with a complaint though....they have a sign straight off the bat saying "no single mix and match" which to me signals many people have asked....so..why can't they do it??? I just recently went to Buena Onda and loved that I could just get single tacos and try a bunch of them. Would love to revolution to do the same. Anyways, as of now you can get 2 or 3 at a time. I tried the ground beef and the pork belly. Both were pretty good- maybe could use S touch more flavor? But overall I enjoyed both. They are quite sizeable- much bigger than I anticipated...I could barely finish 3 and I was pretty hungry. Glad this place opened I'm looking forward to trying more !
The salmon tacos were amazing! So many flavors! The mushroom tacos were also really good, but I would go with the salmon if you're debating getting one or the other. I ordered these for delivery and service was very quick--highly recommend this place (and I'm not even a huge taco fan to begin with)!
Tacos are my favorite thing and I Love this place!

Things to try:

Donkey Kick Ice Cream Sammich: they use Weckerly's chipotle cinnamon smoked chocolate ice cream with salted fudge brownies in the middle, hugged by house made cinnamon cookies. Has a bit of a kick!

Swordfish Tacos: note that the fish changes in the fish tacos and that I just happened to have swordfish. I know they also have salmon from time to time.

Chips & Guac/Pico: Chips are house made & perfect!

Their verde: my favorite of the salsas they offer. 

All good things; I'll totally be back!
Finally tried the tacos here. It's a cute place in a great location. They have a respectably broad menu, including burritos and tacos. It's a *bit* pricey but quite tasty. 

Pork empanada so yummy. Mushroom tacos were flavorful especially for being vegetarian. My companions got the chorizo and the Korean beef tacos which both were well received. The have a nice variety of sauces to go with the meals. 

Interestingly, there is currently an avocado shortage so there was no guacamole available. It was the first time I heard about this and I hope it ends soon!
Very delicious tacos! We got the duck tacos with scallion pancake as the shell. Would come here again and try the other tacos. Will recommend friends who visit philly to come!
A solid 4 / 4.5 stars for the creativity of the food, taste and ambiance. I'm always on the lookout for unusual flavor combinations, and was excited upon hearing about Revolution Taco with its, well, revolutionary and unusual ingredients. 

The place is small but cosy, with high top tables and an open kitchen concept. I split 6 tacos with a friend (most come in orders of 2 or 3 each, and we really wanted to try the different items) - 2 each of Smoked Chicken, Beef Tongue & Cheek, and Three Little Pigs. We ate them in this order, leaving the heaviest till the last, which worked out nicely. 

Smoked Chicken - a decent taco, comes with chicken and a slaw of lettuce on top. It was pretty good, but I would definitely recommend forfeiting this to try other items that you wouldn't normally be able to get. 

Beef Tongue & Cheek - these are the most delicate, tender parts of the meat, and it gives a melt-in-the-mouth texture which I really enjoyed. 

Three Little Pigs - LOVED this one...but again, it has bacon in it, so that's almost a sure winner. My first bite was just bursting with flavor, and the crunchiness of the bacon contrasts nicely with the rest of the juicy meat. 

Other things - the tortilla in each taco comes in a double layer, which I have mixed feelings about.. it does provide enough support to hold the rich filling, but also feels a little too much at times. The wait time was also a little long (not unacceptable, but just feels like a long wait given the casual vibe of the place). 

While my friend and I were debating whether to get a brownie to end our meal (it's huge), the owner Mike, who was sitting at a table beside us, actually came up to us and offered to get us a brownie on the house. Mike was super friendly and told us about how he worked at a baking place way back, which is why he wanted to put this on the menu, and also told us that this current menu will be switched out for a Spring menu in May (so if you want to try the existing menus, take the chance and go now!). The brownie was great - super rich and super filling.
This taco joint was really satisfying. I ordered the Chipotle bbq brisket tacos and it was bomb! These tacos are not your ordinary Taco Bell tacos. The tacos at Revolution Tacks have some weight of them. The protein they used was pretty good quality rather than 50% real meat. 

As I picked up my taco for the first bite, it was pricey with meat juices. Yes, I said it. Meat juices. The brisket was tasty as is. You can add different sauces they had on the condiment section but I believe it was great in it's pure form. Honestly, I was still hungry after eating 3 tacos and a empanada but I felt satisfied as I walked around the city . The price tag is a little hefty with all four items being around $16 but I would recommend it if you wanna treat yourself something new. They have a good amount of options to choice from.

Overall, probably gonna visit here again for more tacos.
