I was very pleasantly surprised by Rex! My boyfriend and I came here and were seated by the window. I had heard through the grapevine that they had a great burger, and I was not disappointed! In my opinion, it's one of the top 3 I've ever had. I crave it on a regular basis. We shared the craw fish pot pie to start, which I highly recommend. Not something I would usually try, but I'm very glad we did. Great food and a relaxed but intimate atmosphere, I'll certainly be back!
Rex is back and it's opened it's new location at 1524 South Street, which was once the Royal Theater.

It offers its southern style cuisine in a nicely designed, open space dining room along with a new hip bar.  For now they are only offering dinner, but the plans are to expand into breakfast for which they already have a nice "coffee shop" area set up. Live music is also going to be part of the scene. The new revamped Rex is a great addition to the Grad Hospital South Street neighborhood!

Now onto the food... My husband ordered the Frogmore Stew, which was a uniquely crafted entrée that included fish, mussels, shrimp and andouille sausage. He loved it and in fact said he had never eaten anything quite like it before. I ordered the Hoppin John. For me, it was sort of a "meh" type entrée. It was more or less fancy beans and rice, which had a smoky taste. I wouldn't order it again. Prior to our meal we were served cornbread muffins which were really good with the accompanying sweet butter.
Go Hungry!

I'm a huge fan of the creative small plate american food you get at places like Sbraga, Fork, Farm and Fisherman and Russet.  This is something else--but to call it comfort food, sells it short.  It is inspired by New Orleans and this joint loves some sweet potato.  One thing it's not is stingy--generous, but not overwhelming. We had a fig, goat cheese and caramelized onion bruschetta and some sort of crayfish pot pie as appetizers.  Salmon (big piece perfectly cooked) with a green rice unlike anything.   My son had a stuffed pork dish with sweet potato that was to die for.  

Our desert was cheesecake and pie, both made with sweet potato.  There's a dedicated pastry chef--somehow, save room for desert--it ain't easy.

Oh yes, there was generous arugula salad with pecans and pears.  Cause they just opened there was complimentary wine (don't count on that for long);  three of us got out with food to take home for under 100.  A very fair value, I think.

The service was warm and attentive but not annoying (take a lesson Tashan).  Really terrific classic jazz from the 20s to the 50s on the fine sound system-speakers all around.. Someone with taste chose the music; our musician son agreed. 

Joint was empty, so no way to say if they can sustain all this with a full house, but if they can--watch out.  We live in the neighborhood, so see you there.  

Great meal.  Fair price.
Did not know what to expect coming here and couldn't have been happier with how things turned out.

Came on NYE for the perfect end to 2016. The decor is really nice and homey.. my only complaint is the long bench along the wall which was pretty uncomfortable to sit on throughout dinner. 

We had the escargot fondue and the hamburger.

I've never had escargot before and this was a great way to enjoy it for a first - covered in cheese, garlic, butter, and oil along with toasted bread.. recipe for success.

Bf and I also shared the hamburger which came with bacon, spicy pimento cheese, and crispy onions  and added a fried egg on top. This thing was MASSIVE,perfectly cooked  (medium), and an explosion of flavors in every corner of my mouth. 

Service was wonderful. I can't get this place out my mind and am excited for our next trip back. 5 stars!
It's always a little awkward returning to a business after giving a not-so-stellar review. Fortunately, the staff at Rex 1516 were total class acts when I showed up for lunch today, welcoming me back and immediately apologizing for the previous snafu. Much as I wanted to give that burger another try, the thought of something so heavy in my stomach before my run this afternoon swayed me into ordering the fish tacos instead.

This turned out to be a wise choice. The blackened fish was perfectly cooked and heaped into two doubled-up flour tortillas, with lettuce, tomato, red onion and what (I am pretty certain) was a goat cheese cream sauce. They were absolutely delicious and satisfied my hunger without making me feel like I needed a nap.

My dining companion, Allison B, tried her hardest to finish her hefty brie and bacon sandwich, but she had to throw in the towel with a few bites left. She put in a good effort, though. Our check was dropped and my tacos had been comped, which was extremely nice. Even nicer for Allison, as she graciously offered to pick up the tab (folks, she's now loaded with this new job of hers). 

Lunch in an hour may be a tight squeeze, but for those days when the boss is out, Rex is the perfect spot for a leisurely meal.
Right when I thought I've experienced the best southern creole inspired cuisine that Philly has to offer it seems like I come across another victor. But while I expected Rex 1516 to deliver a win for somewhat biased reasons since my friend Jake works the kitchen, and that it would be the perfect spot for myself and couple friends to enjoy a holiday reunion; I wasn't prepared for the little touches that delivered big results. And those things make Rex the perfect place to give my first 5 star review of 2015 to!

Sitting barside during a packed Saturday meant that our main server was also an incredible mixologist who was spot on with his beer recommendations. The Deep South cocktail with rooibos infused vodka, honey syrup, lemon, and Bartram's bitters was perfectly crafted and delivered the right elements to sooth the claws of the throat wolf that the weather had me enduring. When a patron was gluten free they were given a whole other menu of options. When someone asked for a soda they were given Mexican cola by the bottle instead of whatever crap comes out of the gun. Its little things like that which just took their service and attentiveness to another level without being obtrusive.

For appetizers we split the smoked wings with chipotle molasses glaze, incredible crawfish pot pie with a spicy crawfish etouffee, and fried green tomatoes that are easily the best in Philly. While the hamburger with fried egg, bacon, and pimento cheese with sweet potato fries; and the southern fried chicken meal with collards, Andoiulle cornbread stuffing, and black pepper chicken gravy gave my friends satisfying meat comas; I decided that I needed some fish. And the Bienville Pan Roast  with littleneck clams, mussels, and Scottish samon fish of the day with a flavorful sauce and plenty of sourdough to soak it up in delivered perfect results.

Hitting up their brunch so that I can try their Best of Philly winning huevos rancheros is definitely on my list. But I also plan on catching some of their game changing Citywide  Burger Specials of the week since they've been coming up with some amazing ones.
Delivering southern-inspired dishes with a twist, Rex 1516 delivers a hearty rib-sticking brunch.

One thing to know about Rex 1516 it's that it's really small inside and is quite popular for Sunday brunch, so make a reservation or call ahead. If you come and have to wait, there's a small bar in the back serving some southern classics such as mint juleps, sazeracs, and hurricanes. The bartender is guaranteed to have a twirling mustache. 

The brunch menu had way too many delicious sounding options, but ultimately I decided to order the special, a Po Boy with pickled red cabbage and gochujang remoulade and sweet potato fries. It was a unique creation I should've taken more notes on, but I could've eaten three of these. Put cabbage on anything and I'd eat it, but all of the interesting flavors worked in perfect harmony to deliver a memorable dish. The sweet potato fries were also well prepared, lightly salted and cut into thick steak fries.

Overall, even after a 45 minute wait, Rex 1516 delivers one of the better brunches in the area.  They take some well known classics and add an interesting spin on them with great flavors that subvert expectations. Definitely go for brunch.
This is a restaurant on my list to visit as a suggestion from fellow Yelpers. Because of Covid I tend to limit where I go however lately I have been venturing out by using the surplus food app. When Rex 1516 was listed I jumped on it and so glad that I did. Based on the lunch I received today and reviewing the menu this is a place that I could see myself dining several times before the end of the year.

For the interior I really like the idea of a Louisiana living room parlor pseudo speakeasy. I can imagine men or women smoking cigars drinking whiskey and women with red lipstick sipping some type of cordial but with liquor. The only downside is the staff was a little standoffish when I walked in. Or should I just say slow to move or greet me so that's a negative. But the meal  I received was delicious and I can imagine it being well worth its full price.

In my to go order I received the ingredients to make the smoked turkey Reuben see menu. The turkey were nice thick slices from a real turkey breast. I liked everything about it.

When I return I hope The greeting will be a little more enthusiastic or at the very least professional!
Went here with really high expectations. i guess that was my mistake.   Plenty of yelpers spoke very highly of this place & have written raves reviews about the service ,atmosphere and food.Arrived for brunch a few minutes after our reservation slot and our table was still waiting for us. The service here is impeccable and the staff that helped us out were friendly and know the menu. Everyone in our group commented on the awesome decor especially the exposed brick wall and dark wood furniture. 

The brunch options sound very inviting with a southern spin so i was excited to try something different.
I decided on the heuvos rancheros with a crawfish etouffe. What arrived to my table was a semi warm dish that looked as though it should be an appetizer. The tortilla base was a little on the hard side and the crawfish etouffe though flavorful was not as warm as it should have been. The sunny side up egg (yes just one) was not nearly as runny as i would have prefered but at least it was warmer than everything else on the plate. I probably should have sent back the dish but i was starving and didnt anticipate still being hungry post brunch. 
The theme for this brunch was small , cold servings but fantatsic service so based on the service alone i would give rex another shot. Im hoping the rest of the menu is full of normal size options that are WARM and filling.
I teetered between a 3 and a 4-star review but decided to go with a 4 since the service was so very good - Thanks to Action Jackson!

The BF got a burger and enjoyed it. It was well cooked but a burger so there's only so good you can get. They did have a combo sweet potato and white potato fry option which went over really well.  

Started with the  Cream of Sunchoke soup - AMAZING. I need to figure out how to replicate this at home. As an entree I opted for the warm cabbage and kale salad (5 star) and the mussels which were just ok. Not very flavorful although perfectly cooked. The blandness would be a 3 star for sure. 

The server was awesome (action Jackson per my bill). Knowledgeable about the menu and the beer list friendly but not pushy. Great at anticipating needs. Took recommendations and upped them (for me and people sitting adjacent). Absolutely the best kind of server - an asset to any restaurant. 

I'll be back for a repeat - burger with a fried egg was highly recommended by the table next to us so I feel like I haven't given it a fair shake until I dive face first into that. 

.
Rex 1516 has only been open for a week or so but they are bringing their A-game already! It is so nice having another option south of South/west of Broad. We walked in without reservations on Thursday and were lucky enough to score a table. The ambiance is Prohibition-esque, with custom boxed speakers projecting swinging sounds, a gorgeous bar, studded tables and other accents adding to the atmosphere. 

The wine, beer and cocktail list is nicely developed and priced well. I tried two different whites which were interesting and different from the typical offerings. To start, the mussels in a bacon-y beer broth with white beans were large, tender and full of flavor. The three toast points that came with soaked up the juices and the dish was a fantastic start to the meal. Since I was keeping it light, I opted for the chopped salad with cheddar, ham, croutons and red onion for my main. I didn't take offense to the balsamic dressing even though our server assured me that they are moving to a white balsamic so that the greens didn't look wilted. It didn't matter to me - the veggies were snappy and fresh. 

My boyfriend's crawfish pot pie starter and his entree, roasted chicken with mashed potatoes and root vegetables, received rave reviews. I sampled the potatoes and they passed my test. We cannot wait to return and we wish them tons of luck!
Amazing.
Great service, ambiance. We were seated within seconds of entering. 
We had a waitress named Ari, she was very nice and enthusiastic. 
I got the mac and cheese, without a doubt the best I ever had. It had a spicy kick to it, a nice sharp gruyere cheese. For the entree I got a caesar salad with shrimp and cornbread croutons. My friend got the meatloaf and loved it. 
Good Prices, atmosphere, food.
Our return to Rex was just days after our first visit, we liked it so much. I had logged an extra long run that day and I was jonesin' for something a little richer. I ordered a salad to start and it was nice, but barely touched by dressing and pretty light on the toppings. No big, I had a burger coming my way. 

My medium burger arrived looking super tasty. I sliced it in half as I normally do and as I picked up half I noticed that it was extremely red inside. On closer inspection, it was actually still raw. I notified the bartender and they took it back to the kitchen. Not very long after, a new burger appeared, but again, it was really undercooked on the inside when I sliced it. The staff agreed and it was taken back to the kitchen. The third time, the burger was brought out to me and the manager said they had sliced it in the kitchen to make sure it was cooked. I kind of thought that maybe it was my previously-sliced burger thrown back on the grill, but I honestly didn't really care at that point as long as it was edible. Of course, the center of the burger looked fine because of the cut but the center of each half was definitely still too red for medium. I kind of ate around the innermost parts. Honestly, the burger was very nice and it would have been great had it been properly cooked. 

What ultimately left a bad taste in my mouth was that the burger was on our check, after having sent it back twice. I feel weird saying it but I suppose my expectation was that it would have been comped since it went back and forth to the kitchen as my boyfriend struggled between waiting for me to eat or letting his food get cold.

This doesn't change my feelings about Rex, and I'm still really happy that they are in the neighborhood. I had one bad experience but it's not going to stop me from going back, and hopefully adding back some stars in the process!
A group of friends and I made a reservation  to eat here for our monthly dinner. After drooling over the menu for a week, we were very excited.

The food was 5 stars. At the table we ordered the mac n cheese, mussels, crawfish pot pie, an app of the day (fried beignet), spinach salad, chopped salad, and the ribeye steak. All of which was delicious. Appetizer portions were very large, so many of us were satisfied with having them come out as an entree. Desserts were so-so. The beer and pretzels dessert did not taste like either, better described as a chocolate torte but overall bland. The winning desserts of the evening were the bread pudding and sweet potato duo.

The service was 3 star. Our waiter was very condescending towards us. Perhaps he was frustrated dealing with a large group of women whom were attempting to catch up. One of their signature cocktails had a displeasing taste so we asked if it would be ok to replace it. Our waiter made an obvious facial expression of annoyance but did bring us another option. From that point on he made sarcastic remarks all evening. At one point in the meal, a couple of our diners did not like the sauce that accompanied the steak and asked if there were other options available. Upon returnig from he kitchen, he then proceeded to give us a lecture on the aging process of the meat and how it should taste. We reiterated that the meat was wonderful but inquiring after sauce options. He returned with hot sauce. Then when we politely declined and continued with our meal.  He made a production of going to a corner store to find some A1, bolting from the restaurant and then doubling back through the kitchen. Perhaps he meant it as a joke but he took a simple request and turned it into a situation. 

Unfortunately will not be returning here. There are many other amazing spots with amazing customer service.
As a big fan of Jet Wine Bar, I've been eagerly awaiting their new restaurant, Rex 1516. They had a few delays which only added to the anticipation, but, Rex 1516 lives up to expectations.

We've been there twice in the short time they've been open. Once for dinner and once for drinks. The night we went to dinner was just a couple nights after they opened and they did not yet have their full bar, so they offered two complimentary glasses of wine. Coming from the same people who run Jet, the wine was quite good, definitely not your First Friday plastic cup Chardonnay kind of free. We were curious about many of their southern influenced offerings, so instead of my partner and I each ordering an entree, we opted to select a few of the appetizers so that we could try more. We started by sharing the fig bruschetta and the arugula and roasted pear salad. They had a special duck soup which we split and ended with the mac 'n' cheese. Everything was absolutely delicious. Can't wait to go back and try more.

We stopped by for a couple of drinks on a Friday night. It was pleasantly not crowded, although that won't last long as word spreads about how excellent everything is. The bar tends toward variations of classic cocktails. They have a small but nice draft and bottled beer selection and, of course, an excellent selection of wines. I had a perfect Sazerac and an excellent old fashion. The bar is dark and elegant with a very inviting couch along the back wall. 

The staff have been all very nice and incredibly welcoming. 

Between Rex 1516 and Jet Wine Bar, I don't know if I'm ever leaving that block of South Street!
I can't say I hadn't been warned, but I was feeling optimistic when I came here for dinner on a Saturday night, as it seemed the reviews had been turning around of late.

Eh. Catahoula had better Southern food and I didn't even really like that place very much. We started with the buttermilk fried shrimp, which were probably the best item of the evening, E had a plate of the clams and shrimp appetizer, and I got the jambalaya. Many of their starters are just too large and too heavy to be appetizers. The clam plate was obscenely big and rich with all the cream. The jambalaya ramekin probably weighed 2 pounds. E liked his clams well enough, but the jambalaya was nearly inedible. It tasted like nothing but andouille sausage and bay leaves, the rice was slightly mushy but also too dry. It was not good. I ate the seared shrimp that were arranged on top, which were fine, nothing exciting.

I snagged one of the last 2 plates of fried chicken, and E got the burger. By this point I was already starting to get full, working on my second Lagunitas IPA. The fried chicken was decent, but not significantly better than, say, Popeyes. The mashed potatoes, on the other hand, were abhorrent. Think garlicky wallpaper paste. Collards were passable but a bit bland and on the toothy side. E's burger looked better than it tasted. The brioche bun hadn't been toasted, so it basically disintegrated on contact with the juicy burger patty, which was really thick and meaty. The overall impression was just soggy and greasy, and there wasn't enough presence from the condiments to give it any excitement. Oh, and the bacon was super floppy. What a fail.

Service was fine, our server was a pro and the place was super busy. We did have to wait a bit for the table we reserved at the packed bar, and the lone bartender looked pretty overwhelmed. Drinks tended to take a while all night, but he was willing to make E a mojito even though it wasn't on their list.
Omg i freakin LOVE Rex! This is by far thee BEST brunch place in South philly hands down. And I've tried plenty of them. The location is convenient as it gets for South Street and the decor is so beautiful! It's vintage/ French style with a minimalist classy touch. 

Lets get to the food "runs hands together". 

The menu is limited which means you should expect that every item is going to be amazing. 

I tried the fosters French toast while my wife had the Benedict chicken and waffles. 

The fosters French toast came with caramelize bananas, pecan syrup, with a chocolate truffle butter. 
Oh. My. Stars. 

The balance of sweet and savory was just to utter perfection. The chocola truffle butter with the caramelized bananas gave the French toast with its crispy edges such a colorful taste. And the portion sizes were just right. 
I'm not even a fan of Benedict style eggs but REX'S version is the exception. 

There's nothing else I can say except of you haven't had brunch at REX yet then whaaaat the heck are you doing?? Get there! Now! Gooooo! Lol
Ambiance is very nice, candlelight, good music, brick wall, and just a welcoming atmosphere with good service.

The starter was PERFECT! Their crawfish pot pie makes you feel cozy and does a WOW with your taste buds with that Cajun seasoning. Delicious.

Creekstone NY ribeye was also incredibly tasty. Go medium not medium well. It was smoky because it was charcoal rubbed and their house sauce was unique. It had sweet potato purée that also had some smokiness to it and Brussels sprouts slaw- it all went very well together.

I also had the stuffed rainbow trout .. it was good- solid flavor but it was missing something and I was still hungry and needed a few pieces of my husband's steak. It may just be my innate carnivore, my inner fatty, or a desire for something carb-y to be added to the dish. Not sure how or what though, so the rest of you may just love the dish. 

Lastly, we had the fried cookie dough and milk- amazing! Felt like little fat kids. You can only really get through one piece each and that milkshake was so complimentary..

I will be back for their steak and pot pie, and whatever new options they might have. Their burgers LOOKED divine but not creekstone (halal) so we can't have, but for all you others, you might want to dig into THAT first!
Man look..ate here on New Years and the everything was really good..waiter bragged about the brunch so I had to see about it and he wasn't lyin'! No freezer and no microwave in this kitchen..fresh made food from scratch
I like what Rex 1516 is trying to pull off, but after dining there twice I just didn't have a good experience.  The decor is nice, but the food was inconsistent and overpriced.  The experience is casual yet pretentious, making me feel like the restaurant doesn't know what it wants to be, with servers pretty much ignoring you for long stretches of time.  The food has to be way better for that.

The $11 scallop appetizer nets you two, that's right TWO scallops on a giant plate with some okay looking greens.  Maybe I just don't understand scallops, but we didn't see/taste anything special there.  The vegetarian meatloaf felt like something you could get out of the frozen section of the supermarket, to be awfully blunt.  The chicken was good, but not what you'd expect for the price (again).  The friend I dined with wasn't raving about the pork loin either.  

The best part of our first visit was the crawfish pot pie, but when we returned a second time we got two and they were not as good and mine tasted somewhat sour.  Disappointing.

Lower some of the prices and the pretentiousness level and you've got a good place to go, but as is, I won't be returning.
First, I'll start by saying that I've never actually eaten at Rex 1516. This review is about the two times we tried to eat here for brunch.

The first time: we arrived around noon and were told that it would be a 20 minute wait because we didn't have a reservation, which was weird because only a couple of tables were actually occupied. We were told we could sit at the bar, but we looked down at the bar and saw a bartender and a waitress who both looked miserable. "No thanks," we said.

The next time: this time we actually made a reservation and were seated promptly, although no one asked for our reservation, despite the fact that there were twice as many occupied tables. Then we waited literally twenty minutes before someone came around to ask if we wanted anything to drink. Mind you, there were only 4 other tables occupied, so it's not like they were slammed. When I asked for coffee, I was told they didn't have coffee that day. "What kind of brunch place doesn't have coffee," I thought to myself. We'd heard bad things about the extremely long wait time for food here, and we looked around and saw that none of the other 4 tables had been served yet. "I'm not going to wait an hour for my food," I thought, "if I can't even drink a cup of coffee while I wait," so we politely bolted.
Woke up this morning craving brunch at Rex... And as I now sit here, replete & craving satisfied, I realized that I have yet to provide a review! 

The chicken & waffles benedict is out of this world. It's like no other brunch dish in the city. A little sweet, a little savory, and totally worth every delicious calorie. I did get the side salad instead of potatoes, so I was *somewhat* controlled, right? Honestly, I always think I'm going to try something new (the shrimp & grits sounds amazing!), but have yet to pass up the benedict. 

The BF seems to switch between the huevos rancheros (SO unusual, with the crawfish etoufee!) and the biscuits and gravy. I've had (multiple) bites of both, and they are equally incredible. I don't think you can go wrong here at brunch! And prices are very reasonable for the quality and uniqueness of the food! 

Bloodys are also very good - spicy! And apparently they had $5 mimosas today, which we overheard the bartender tell another group. 

On a side note, I've been for dinner once, a few years ago, and remember loving my cocktail and the escargot. We have to make it back for their burger, beer & a shot deal! And their HH sounds amazing, not sure why we haven't made it! 

So glad to live so close to this gem!
3.5 -- I've heard rave reviews about the "city wide burger" offered on Tuesdays and Wednesdays so we decided to come on a Tuesday when my friend happened to be craving a burger. Two of us got the burger, medium rare - not sure why people order it differently - and the third got the caesar salad. Overall the food was good and I would recommend it, but i wouldn't recommend the "city wide burger". It's just the burger, the cheapest beer, and probably the least pleasant whiskey shot they have available. The waiter, who actually made our experience better, made it sound like the special was more than just the popular city wide drink special you find at any local dive bar + a burger. So I was a little disappointed to learn that it was just that. Next time I would just get the burger and a beer for the $17 and save myself the horrible whiskey shot, which somehow tasted like whip cream Pinnacle vodka.

Overall I'd say 3.5 stars and would definitely come back, but next time with different expectations. The interior is supposed to mimic southern/New Orleans. I've never been to NOLA but every other place I've eaten that claims the same inspiration had some variety of this decor so it must be true! Either way, looks cool and just adds to the experience!
Stumbled on Rex 1516 by accident while walking down South Street last Saturday afternoon with our six month old. It was lunchtime and we were looking for a spot. Rex had just opened that week apparently, and was almost totally empty (one couple eating) so we figured we would try it. (Also, we spotted a stroller-friendly table!) What a treat. I love Southern/NOLA comfort food, so their style hits a sweet spot for me. We had a great fish stew to start, that a real spicy kick. Then I had blackened fish tacos and my wife had the Southern caesar salad. Two small quibbles - cornbread croutons added a sweetness to the salad that my wife was not loving; fish tacos needed had great flavor but need a little more moistness - maybe a remoulade sauce. Their selection of wines by the glass was great. Prices really reasonable. Decor is nice, sort of speakeasy style. And they plan GREAT vintage jazz on the fine sound system. All in all, a great find, and great addition to the neighborhood. Going back this weekend!
I've tried mostly everything here for brunch.  Honestly, I should have never done that because now I'm so indecisive when I come here because everything is so good. Best shrimp and grits I've ever had.  My favorite brunch item is probably the cream chipped brisket though. Damn good bloody too.  Rex is definitely my favorite brunch spot.
Great addition to the neighborhood! My friend and I were interested in the gluten free menu (not listed on the website) and decided to check out Rex 1516. The food was amazing.  We ordered the burger and salmon to share.  I also had a mint julep, which was tasty.  The burger was cooked perfectly and we appreciated the gluten free bun.  It reminded me more of a biscuit and was a little crumbly, but it's homemade and tasted great.  They should offer it as a side with brunch! The caramelized onions, blue cheese and bacon worked great, and the sweet potato fries were amazing.  Crispy and served with a creamy, sweet mustard sauce.  The salmon was also cooked perfectly, and was a large portion.  The green rice was great, but the ham hock jus really didn't add much to the taste of the dish.  Some sort of vegetable on the side would work much better.

The dessert on the gf menu is a variation on the chocolate torte with pretzel crust and ipa sauce on the regular menu.  It's basically a flourless chocolate cake with sea salt and a bourbon caramel sauce.  It was amazing.  I got it to go and heated it up for a few seconds with the sauce on top.  Highly recommend!

Overall a great meal and I can't wait to return.
I have made coming to Rex part of my Sunday routine. For the past couple weeks I have come in sat at the bar and ordered brunch. I was beyond excited the first time I came, simply for the fact I am originally from the south and I was so happy to be able to get my hands on familiar delicacies.
My first time I ordered the shrimp and grits, I must say that they were out of this world. Grits done to perfection. I was so impressed I needed to meet the chef, very nice guy with an excellent mind for culinary excellence. I feel like I have transported to another time and place in Rex, casual, yet classy. Rex 1516 had me NEEDING to come back.
My second meal I had was the sweet potato biscuits with chorizo gravy. This is such a unique and delicious twist on a classic southern breakfast, it was fantastic. However good both of those meals were, the Monte Cristo tops them all. One of the best sandwhiches I have ever had, the fig preserves compliment the ham and spiced cheese so well. Incredible place with incredible food, a must see.
This place was great!  We took a group of 12 there and the food was great and so were the drinks.  Our server was amazing and we were never without attention.  The part that surprised me the most... We had 12 people and I had to look at the bill two or three times because it was so reasonable.  I kept thinking I must be looking at it wrong. If we ever get back to Philadelphia, I will definitely eat there again.
Amazing Southern Nola cuisine on South Street. Highly, highly recommended for some amazing comfort food without a trip to New Orleans!  On a rainy Saturday night, my husband and I stopped by for dinner and I was immediately wowed by the cozy, warm, candlelit atmosphere. Its small but didn't feel at all crammed in. We were quickly seated (on a Saturday night no less) and able to dry off. Service was really attentive throughout our meal and happily provided suggestions.  Full bar with some great Southern inspired cocktails like hurricanes, sazeracs, and juleps. Always a good way to warm up.

We started with the cornbread ($8) which was hearty and full of flavor w/o being at all dry.We split the mac n cheese ($9), fried chicken ($20), and crawfish potpie ($10). The mac n cheese was amazing - it wasn't overly cheesy and the slight heat from the jalapeno crumble was a great combination of flavors. The fried chicken was also cooked to perfection with great crispy, crunch skin, good seasoning, and good flavor. Absolutely a must order. The crawfish potpie was also another great dish though not as spicy as I would have thought. 

Now desert - the milk and cookies ($10) to end the meal was PERFECT.  The cookies were more like beignets filled with chocolate - powdery, filling, superb!  It came with a rumchata spiked milkshake, perfect to dunk the cookies in and the best way to end a meal!
We went here for brunch, and it was exceptional. Although it wasn't on the brunch menu, we asked if the chef could make the southern Caesar salad because we had seen it on the menu when we were here the other night and it sounded intriguing. The chef kindly obliged, and we were so happy he did. The dressing was flavorful, the greens were nicely dressed, and the sweet cornbread croutons made it special. It wasn't the greatest Caesar we've had (the dressing could've been a tad punchier), but we'd definitely order it again.

I got the Monte Cristo for my main, and it was a spectacle to behold when it came to the table. It was a glorified ham and cheese that smelled like a funnel cake and tasted oh-so-good. It was deep fried, sprinkled lightly with powdered sugar, and stuffed with ham to give it saltiness, pepper jack to give a little kick, and fig jam to give it a little sweetness. Aaand yes, all served on brioche. Despite all of those ingredients, it was deceptively light and I polished it off. 

Thinking I could still fit more food in my stomach, we ordered the chocolate, beer, and pretzel tart for dessert. It totally satisfied my chocolate craving and my boyfriend's salty caramel craving, but it put us over the edge. It took all of our self-control not to crawl back into bed and nurse the food coma when we got home.

The only odd thing about our visit was that my Monte Cristo came out with the Cesaer, and then we waited another 20 minutes before my boyfriend's burger came out with no check-in from the waiter in between. It may have been our mistake to not clarify that we were splitting the Caesar to start, and we probably could've waved another server down if we were really bothered, but we weren't in any huge rush.
I've been here three time and three times it was for the same thing - the burger. Make sure you have no plans afterwards because you'll be so full and satisfied you'll want to go home and nap on your couch afterwards. It's one of my favourite places in the city to take friends visiting Philly for the first time!
The burger at Rex1516 was named best burger in the 2018 Best of Philly issue of Philly Magazine. I also saw it on FYI Philly and knew I had to give it a try. I arrived for dinner at Rex knowing exactly what I wanted and put in my order. The burger was a perfectly cooked medium. It was topped with bacon, fried onions, and lots of creamy pimento cheese. As I ate this burger juices where dripping down my hand, which is the sign of a great burger! I never thought I would say this, but it's actually too much cheese. While most bites were perfect, in the middle the cheese overwhelmed the burger. So unless you are a huge fan of the pimento cheese you are probably not going to agree that this is the best burger in Philly. It is one of the best. 

My meal actually started out with some delicious cornbread. The waiter was great and made dinner more fun. If I had stopped at the cornbread, the burger, and the service this would be a 4 star review. But my dining companion had the ribs and I tried that as well. It was a full rack that arrived looking delicious. But the admittedly delicious BBQ sauce was hiding what can't be hidden once you bite into it. The ribs were burnt to the point of having no remaining juices. The chef surely knew they were overcooked and decided to serve them anyway. With so many great options when it comes to restaurants in Philly this type of money saving behavior just doesn't fly. If you burn something it has to be thrown away if you want repeat business. I had to take away a star for the ribs.
This is my new favorite restaurant in Philly. I feel lucky that I live so close. Everything is always cooked perfectly, the staff is so friendly and accommodating, the ambience is always nice - I haven't loved a place this much in a long time.
I came to Rex 1516 around 1 on a Sunday afternoon. It's cozy interior was comfortably full, but not packed. We had made reservations ahead of  time though, just in case. 

While I enjoy Southern comfort food as much as the next person, it's not usually my favorite type of cuisine because I feel like it relies too much on fat and carbs, as opposed to complex flavors. Rex 1516, however, combined delicious fat with a depth of flavors. I ordered the shrimp and grits, which was AMAZING. As a native Northeasterner, I don't have much experience with grits, but my dining partner, who was from the South, assured me that the grits were excellent. The grits came plated almost in a ying-yang formation, with creamy sauce and pork belly on one side and savory, mildly spicy salsa on the other with 3 blackened shrimp in the middle. The shrimp were excellent: perfectly cooked and seasoned to balance out the creaminess of the grits. My partner ordered the huevos rancheros, which he also enjoyed. 

I should mention that the service during our meal was excellent. Our waiter was very warm and friendly, and checked in on us regularly without being intrusive. I will definitely be back to try the other brunch items and regular menu items!
My fiancé and I decided to roam around the area to see what was in town and we stumbled upon this cute little spot. This place has a cutesy, antique, Victorian feel to it. The dark colors on the wall, the ceiling lights, and their accents definitely adds to the feel of this place.
Unlike many brunch spots, they don't have an unlimited/ bottomless brunch menu. However, I feel like the food and drinks makes up for it. I ordered the shrimp and grits and the grits were the best I ever had; it's very flavorful. The shrimp was very limited in number; they only gave 3. I forgot the name of the drink I ordered but it was pretty good and strong.
Since I don't eat meat I'm not sure what else I can try on their menu but what I tried was pretty good and worth the visit.
I love this little upcoming block of South Street.  I am a definite fan of Jet, so it was only a matter of time before I made my way over to Rex.  I am from the south as was my dining companion, so we were excited about this new restaurant prospect.  We started with the crawfish pot pie and mac and cheese.  Both were quite enjoyable, but I really enjoyed the crawfish pot pie.  I opted for the seitan meatloaf.  I am very far from vegan or vegetarian, but was intrigued.  I enjoyed this as well, it is a good option for vegetarians or meat eaters alike.  The cocktail list is definitely a fun, festive addition to the experience as well!
This visit was so unexpected, but such a great addition to the day. 

I had been out and about showing my mom (farm-lady) the big city that I'm moving into next month (!!!!!) last Saturday afternoon. I don't usually drive in Philly, unless I'm heading to my job, so, in other words, I had never driven on this part of South Street before and had kinda gotten myself turned around. Nonetheless, I found a parking spot, paid, walked about five feet, looked up, saw the sign for Rex, and announced, "THIS PLACE HAS BEEN ON MY BOOKMARKS LIST FOR FOREVER!"

They were serving brunch when we walked in, and we were instantly seated at a two-top near the bar. Actually, the bar takes up most of the place, because it is tiny. It's much smaller than I imagined, in fact. But it's so cozy and welcoming.

My mom chose the fried chicken and waffles, and I went for the pulled pork sandwich. Now. While my pulled pork sandwich was great, I had serious food-envy after trying a piece of my mom's chicken. I wanted all of her plate. Every last bite of that chicken. But alas, she has a stomach too, it turns out, and she wanted it herself so... I'll just have to go back sometime and get that dish myself.

While at Rex, make sure to stop in their bathroom. It's bright red and just very fancy. I want it for my apartment.

Fantastic experience all around.
Where do I even begin? AMAZING BRUNCH. DON'T EVER WANT TO GO ANYWHERE ELSE. 

We walked in expected to grab a table but everything had been reserved. We sat at the bar which ended up begin the perfect thing. The bar tender is AMAZING. He really knows what he is talking about and is so kind and into his craft. He makes his own ginger syrup! He was able to recommend the perfect whiskey to drink and even made my boyfriend and drink to help make him feel a little better (he was getting over a cold). 

We split the huevos rancheros (THERE IS A REASON THEY WERE RATED BEST IN THE CITY. WOOOOOOOOWW) and the creamed chipped brisket. Both were fabulous. The brisket came with a side of sweet potato hash browns which was also so superb. I have no idea what they did to them but it was magic. We are going back soon to try everything else. I love it there. 

Also there was a TV on which they were playing funny old 90's cartoons like Roco's Modern Life.
Go here if you want a great deal- $15 for a specialty burger (style is different each week), whiskey shot, & beer! You can check Instagram to find out what the burger of the week is!
Do not go here!  I want this awesome, DELICIOUS, awesome, fantastic place for me, my friends, & family to enjoy a meal.  My daughter found this as the foodie of the crew.  Everything we had was great!  Happened to come in on burger night, shot, beer, & a burger!!!  Please only occupy if your palate wants to be amazed with the savory flavors of what you order.  "I'll/ We'll be back!"
Nice place to go on weeknights, which is really my favorite time to go out nowadays.  Service is professional, but relaxed and not hurried.  The burger specials are always really good.  Pastrami short rib, fried chicken, and ravioli are all tasty.  One of my favorites in the neighborhood.
Fried green pickled tomatoes with a special bbq sauce I would love to know the ingredients to!!! I know that other plate looks like a pile of ______!!!! Lol        but it's actually smoked whole chicken wings in a chipotle bbq sauce that was soooo good. Great service, ambiance was nice, old fashion vintage look while great  (blues/jazz) played!!! Very sexy
I absolutely love Rex, everything I've ever had there has been amazing. The cocktails are extremely tasty and the food always hits the spot. We go here probably every other week even with the million other options in Philly. Mon-wed they have their version of the philly special which is a rotating burger (arguably the best burgers in the city), fries (sweet potato fries are banging) a beer (usually some type of ipa), and a whiskey for like 15 bucks maybe. Absolutely worth it every time.
Had been to Rex's before for brunch, but this was my first dinner experience there.

We called ahead and made reservations because we weren't sure what the wait time would be. It wasn't too crowded when we got there, but got busy quickly. 

The hostess and server were very attentive and friendly. We ordered drinks to start. I got the Sicilian Solstice- blood orange infused gin?! Yes, PLEASE! For dinner I got the crawfish potpie with a side of sweet potato fries. Would have liked for the pot pie to be a little bit bigger because it was good and I finished it all too quickly! Sweet potato fries were super good too! 

For dessert all you need to know is MILK AND COOKIES!!! Deep fried cookie dough... o-m-g. Say no more. Two orders of that split between 7 of us was perfect. 

Everything was very good. I will definitely recommend Rex and also be back again!!
The food was really good. I tried the crawfish pot pie and it was very tasty but smaller than I thought it would be. I really loved the warm cornbread with goat cheese spread on top. Could have ate a whole plate of that! I got the brisket pountine special as entree and really enjoyed it. This place is very affordable too. Got the special and a beer for around $16. Everyone else seemed to really enjoy what they got. Very nice find. Too bad it is very small. Every time the door opened, you felt a cold wind even across the room. Brrrr.
Have been here a few times for brunch and dinner. 

Service: great! Everyone here is super sweet. I will never forget how quickly my water and drinks were refilled, but especially that each time I walked to the restroom, there was a gentleman (bartender I think) that always beat to it first to turn on the lights for me. I thought that was very kind since the place is a bit on the dim side. 

Food: Based on the few times I've been there, I have never been wowed by anything. 

I've had their special, which was a play on Big Mac which consisted on overcooked (obviously pre cooked) beef which we drenched in ketchup because we were unable to get any more of the sauce since it was limited. It did not have any flavor and I couldn't finish it bc it simply wasn't good. 

Fried green tomatoes and fried oysters were my favorite. Batter tasted great and it was fried perfectly. 

For brunch we had huevos rancheros which I felt was just okay. It was probably the most simplest huevos rancheros you can get and make at home. Avocado and pico de gallo needed more flavor (lime juice & salt?) and my sister had the shrimp po boy which in my opinion was very bland. I had the shrimp and grits and was hoping it would blow me away bc I was referred their brunch so many times! I was disappointed because I had 3 shrimps which were overcooked and grainy grits that did not have enough cheese. A nice touch was the crispy pork belly on top. 

Drinks : Bloody Mary wasn't the best I had but it wasn't horrible. My sister had a mimosa, which in my opinion was a bit too tiny lol. 

Overall, everyone has different taste!! This place is definitely worth a try. My 3-Star rating won't deter me from returning because everyone here is super sweet, and some things they hit right in the nose.. such as their sweet potato fries!!!!!
My long awaited visit to Rex 1516 was very much well worth it! Cranky and starving from having walked from Olde City, we were fortunate to be seated at the bar in the back since we did not have a reservation. 

Service: Terrific! The bartender was fabulous and watching him was like watching live art. Incredibly friendly and knowledgeable staff who engaged with us and made us feel like home. We loved the staff. 

Atmosphere: Cozy, but dark and mysterious. There are tables near the entrance and the bar in the back. Right before the kitchen is a bench with a TV directly above it. I can't remember the music, but they had The Maltese Falcon playing on a loop which was delightful since it's my favorite Bogart and Lorre film. There wasn't an air of snobbiness and felt very welcoming. 

Food: GREAT burger and highly recommended. The catfish pate was also on special and worth trying. Make sure you have room for the dessert which also delivered with their warm apple crisp which was delicious (coming from someone who does NOT do apple desserts!).

Overall a wonderful experience from beginning to end!
Vibes: elegant, dimly lit with candles (for dinner), intimate

Tasting notes:
Crawfish pot pie-buttery, flaky crust hot from the oven with a surprisingly light filling with crawfish and vegetables. A solid appetizer for one person, a light one for two. 
Gumbo rice bowl-mussels and shrimp atop chewy rice in a delicate broth. 
Pan-fried cornmeal catfish-the coating offered just enough crunch that didn't peel away from the fish with each bite or overwhelm the meatiness of the fish; the fava bean puree was savory and a nice, creamy contrast in texture to the fish as well as the very crispy, fine flakes of collard greens and slightly soft but firm bean salad. 
Milk and cookies-a creative take on a simple dessert; warm, gooey truffles dipped into a cold, cinnamon-y milkshake was a fitting finish to this Southern meal. 

Will be back for: that citywide burger special, happy hour, brunch (shrimp po'boy was super satisfying last time, am looking forward to the chicken and waffles eggs benedict)
ONE BURGER - ONE SHOT - ONE BEER! Need I say more?
Thank God I came here on a Wednesday and got this special!! 

I went to Rex 1516 and fell in LOVE!!! I had their burger special so I can't tell you exactly what was on it but it was probably top five best burgers I've ever tried. 

First off, this whole special was $15 and it came with your choice of side (I had sweet potato fries - so good!) + a shot (I think it was whiskey) + a beer. Need I say more? The beer was good, the burger was delicious - it had some sort of white sauce with carrot bits and something else in it + chips - just know that I devoured it within seconds. The sweet potato fries - bangingggg! Soft and just so good. They also gave you a side of ketchup + this white sauce which again was so good. I have no other words but "good" or "delicious" for this place haha. 

As for the establishment - since it's summer and we stay in doors most of the days because of work we decided to eat in their seating area outside. I did catch a glimpse of the inside of their restaurant and it looked very nice and intimate.As for the service, their waiter was so accommodating and friendly!! 

Bottomline:
I can't comment on the other entrees but seriously come here on Tuesday or Wednesday for their burger special!! It was so good and really makes me want to go back and try anything else on their menu!
This is a nice little eatery on South Street. Quaint decor and environment. Nice bar area too.

The food is a slanted towards southern inspired dishes. My southern Caesar salad has great flavor and was enjoyable. The fried green tomatoes were tasty as well. 

Staff was friendly and professional. Nice spot for dates, or dinner with friends.
The Rex burger is the finest in all of Philadelphia! My husband and I ate there many times during our four years in Philadelphia (probably 15-20 times). We exclusively ordered the burger when we went. I'm sure their other food is fabulous too. It's just too hard to say no to the perfect patty, bacon, pimento cheese, and crispy onions. It's truly a magnificent meal. 
Plus, the service there is amazing, it's not usually super busy, and they have great burger deals on Mondays and Tuesdays.

Don't miss out on this burger!
There are only about 5 tables in this restaurant. On a Saturday night they had 2 hostesses, 2 runners and only 1 waiter.  I guess one waiter would have been ok if he wasn't so slow. He was also not pro active.  We had to ask for everything, to order drinks, to order our food, to get the bill and for dessert menus.  Come on!
The food was ok, overpriced.  Very few wine selections and overpriced. 
The owners were sitting at the bar the entire time eating without a care in the world to how their restaurant was running, or how slowly it was running.  It was as if only one table could eat at a time there.  
This is my second and last time there.
Last minute decision to eat here for dinner turned out to be great choice!
The service was GREAT, so welcoming when we first walked in, giving great recommendations, and answering all our questions. 

We started with the wings.  Hot wings which weren't too terribly hot and BBQ which had nice tangy taste.  Both were good but I favored the BBQ more. 

I ordered the pork loin dish.  Pork was cooked well and combined with sauce, mashed potatoes, and brussel sprouts, I left very satisfied.  
I got to try my friend's ribs.  Meat fell off the bone.  Really delicious. 
Another friend got the burger and raved about it.  I want to come back for the burger.
Sweet potato fries were good too!

Looking forward to going back!
This was one of the more memorable and better staffed dining dates that I've had in awhile. Recommend coming here on Sunday nights.

Must get: turkey tails, cornmeal pasta w/eggplant, mussels, hushpuppies, biscuits, porter on tap
Meh: banana pudding, cheese platter, escargot
Missed out: blackened fish

I'm not a connoisseur of cajun cuisine, but I was delighted to be one of the only two parties on a quiet Sunday date night at Rex 1516. The most charming aspect of this contemporary cajun establishment is not the food, but the attentive staff, who moved tables, folded napkins and frequently checked in on us. Granted we were the only people there, but it was well noted.

Our favorites selections were definitely the pasta, mussels, hushpuppies and the biscuits. The hushpuppies have a nice kick to them, a little bit too much actually, that lingered on and stayed for 5-10 minutes. The cornmeal pasta was tasty and a bit grainy, but we wished there was more vegetables on the plate than what the descriptions let on. The mussels portions were very generous and I loved the broccoli and sausage added to the dish (albeit slightly salty). My favorite was definitely the biscuits, made in house, perfect blend of salty, sweet, and soft in the center. In short, it was heavenly.

Unfortunately, the banana pudding and cheese platter were misses. The pudding was layered with an inch of molasses that was hard to eat and vanilla waffers were too dry and soggy. The cheese platter was very nonspecific and the escargot was a bit too salty and cheesy.

Overall, this was a great place with memorable dishes and great staff, would come again during off-peak hours.

Food: 4 stars
Service: 4 stars
Price: 4 stars
Ambiance: 5 stars (loved the jazz and quiet)
First off, I don't tend to give a lot of 5 star reviews, so don't let that dissuade you.

SO GLAD to have this place back on the restaurant scene.  The only complaint I had about it's previous iteration was that it was too small.  An issue they MORE than addressed!  What an incredibly beautiful spot!  Huge bar, romantic appointments, I couldn't have imagined a better place.

Folks, if your in the mood for Low Country fare, I'd be quite surprised if there was any place in the Delaware Valley.

The wife had the beet salad, and the chicken and dumplings.  Both were tip top (although my wife felt that the portion of dumplings was a little skimpy).  I had the Frogmore Stew (don't let the name bother you, there are no frogs in it), which was great, although be warned, I'm a pepper-head and I was curious to see what brand of hot sauce they served, but it wasn't at all needed.  It's HOT folks!

Only complaint:  On our previous visit, they had the BEST fried chicken I've ever sunk my teeth into.  Not on the menu, I'm sure they have their reasons.

Lastly, our server, Cecile, was just superb!  You could kind of tell she was at least new to the restaurant (heck, it had just re-opened, and maybe new to serving) but incredible instincts, hospitality, and grace.

If you're looking for Low Country, this is the best place outside of SC/GA.
I absolutely adore this place. 
We happened to take a walk down south street during Covid season and came across a couple of empty tables, we asked the hostess if they were accepting walk ins and she was more than happy to accommodate us. We were seated and I immediately started wiping the table with my Lysol wipes, the server saw me and said that they do wipe each surface between each guest and I did see them so that while we were seated. Phew . 
They explained the rules- masks at all times while moving around, food is provided in biodegradable single use plates, that need to be discarded by the customer in the bins provided. QR code menus! 
We ordered a couple of drinks and the watermelon salad. This salad is AaahhhhMazing! It's a seasonal one, but it was healthy sweet with a  hint of heat! We also got the fries which were fresh and delicious. Can't wait to head back there for some fried chicken! 
Oh and puppies are allowed!
This is the best addition to South street in years. I am absolutely thrilled. I almost didn't want to write a review for Rex because I'm afraid everyone is going to find out about this spot and I'll never be able to get in again.
The food is incredible! 
The mac and cheese is out of this world- it has such a different flavor and comes with tomatoes in it... the crumb topping is delicious. We also had the sweet potato fries, the burger, and the arugula salad with pears. The maple vinaigrette on the salad was a really pleasant surprise... my only gripe was that the pears were a liiiittle soggy, but nothing to complain too much about. Everything was really really delicious and I can't wait to come back again soon.
I kind of wish they had regular fries, and I kind of wish they had other burger options (aka not blue cheese/bacon/carmelized onions). HOWEVER, it's enormously exciting even without these things.
Wow! What a fun place! The service was excellent  we went for the city wide burger special ( a shot, beer, and a burger for 15 bucks... what a great deal and it was delicious. We also added on fried green tomatoes  and mac and cheese which were equally amazing. To top things off we stayed for dessert .. ice box cake and it was dreamy. We will definitely be back.
Only been here for the citywide burger special, but Rex has earned all 5 of these stars with the best burgers and sweet potato fries that I've been able to find in Philly. Their OG "house grind" burger haunts dreams, but also keep an eye on their Instagram for really cool weekly burger specials.
All I can say is wow! This little gem had delicious food! We were staying at the Marriott Downtown and walked here, and the walk was worth it!

As soon as you walk in, there is a closed curtain that made it appear as if they were closed, but they weren't! We were seated at tables that were VERY close - almost too close for comfort. However, we quickly got over that feeling when one table beside us left and the other did too soon thereafter. The waitress was very friendly and the service was top-notch.

I got the Honey Mustard Glazed Berkshire Ham & my partner got the Pan-Fried Cornmeal Catfish. The Ham was thick and delicious and the Carolina gold rice cakes tasted exactly like homemade sweet cornbread. The catfish was breaded and fried to perfection and the dish had a little spiciness to it, which was a good surprise. We also ordered two drinks - one Kenginston Blues, which I thought was a little too strong for my person preference & one Belle du Jour, which was perfect with a strong ginger taste.

This restaurant was romantic and quaint. It made for a perfect date night for our first night in the City on this trip. Also, our waitress was kind enough to take our picture at the end of dinner. Definitely a 5 star restaurant, food, & experience!
I took my parents here before we were going to see a play. I walk by this place frequently and always heard good things so figured we would give it a try. I think my parents were a little scared by how fancy the place looks when you walk in. I loved the decor and the old movies playing over the bar were a nice touch. 

On to the food... we shared the cornbread to start. This night it had a garlic butter on top. I liked the blend of the sweet cornbread and the savory butter. I could see some people not liking the combo though. 

For dinner my mom and I went halves on both the fried chicken and the mushroom bucatini. The fried chicken was good, the meat was moist and the breading was very crispy. My piece was great but my mom's was a little raw inside. The fried chicken came with collard greens and a mashed red potato patty. I loved the collard greens, a little tangy but not too salty, while the potato was a little bland to me. My mom was the opposite though and liked the potato and wasn't as thrilled with the collard greens. The star of the dinner was the mushroom bucatini. It had different types of mushrooms in a mushroom cream sauce all over noodles. I actually wish i had ordered this myself so I could have eaten more of it. 

For dessert we had the apple crumble with the brown butter ice cream. I had a few bites and it was very tasty. The crumble on top was very hard though so watch your teeth. We were joking about how much noise we were making while eating it. 

All in all it was a great dinner and I would come back again just for the mushroom bucatini.
I came here for happy hour along with my girlfriend. I love the atmosphere of this place.  The staff was super friendly. The bartender we had (can't remember his name sorry) was awesome.  Made great drinks and talked to us about 1000 different topics from cheeses to Broadway.  We ordered everything on the happy hour food menu and it was amazing.  I was shocked at what I was getting for only $5. My favorites on the happy hour menu were definitely the pulled pork sandwich and the grilled cheese sandwich.  I will definitely be returning often for happy hour.
My husband and I and the twins went out for a walk (more like a mission to find dinner) last night as the weather was amazing!
 We were headed to another restaurant on South St but stumbled past Rex 1516. The place was close to empty so we thought it would be perfect to bring the twins in.
 
We were graciously greeted and seated at the table next to the open windows. With in minutes we made our drink order...although they were out of the Absinth for my husbands Sazerac he settled on another drink(I forget the name) that he has equally as happy with. (Note to the person who very carefully delivered this very full cocktail...next time bring the empty glass and the shaker and pour at the table....then you won't look as nervous).

We ordered the mac and cheese, muscles, southern ceasar, burger and rib-eye.
Mac and Cheese- Pretty darn amazing
Muscles-wanted a second order...OMG the broth they come in so FAB!
Southern Ceasar-cute twist on an old classic (add the shrimp...they are a nice size)
Burger-the kids split the burger...wish they could have put another cheese on it (Bleu Cheese isn't really kid friendly) but we smothered it with ketchup and they ate it
Rib-Eye-looked good...and my husband ate it all...what more can I say

We will be back...I am anxious to try their lunch menu as well as desserts...
Get this: The kitchen is visible from the sidewalk, through big glass doors. Major kudos right there.

Rex 1516 is just starting out, yet our dining experience suggests it's already hitting its stride--and if this is Rex's stride, that's good news for the culinary vibe of the city.

The space is laid-back with enough retro decorations to recall another era, but it doesn't resort to kitsch. The service (and server attitude) varies from humble to cocky. Dishes appear quickly but well-timed, and they are taken away smartly.

So ...

The burger is as good as you've heard. The bread pudding is riotous. You can sit at the bar and watch Hitchcock's Vertigo in uh, black and white. There's no sign out front; not even a street number. Heh.

... maybe that stride is part skill, part attitude. I can deal. And return.
I came here for v-day brunch. It was actually better than I expected, with the exception of there being no bottomless mimosas. The restaurant is small but cozy. We sat near the door which was a  little drafty, but they have heavy curtains to block out most of the draft which is great. I ordered the roast pork special with a salad, it was really good. The menu here is tailored to the day so you cant really order outside the menu. The service was great and the bartender makes an amazing negroni.
Rex 1516 whisks you away from the busy & bloated South Street and tucks you into a dark and calming Southern hideaway. 

My mom and I had dinner here last week and enjoyed our experience from start to finish. 

We didn't order much, so I will certainly be back to sample other parts of the menu that piqued my interest (Southern Ramen, Collard Greens, Fried Chicken, etc.) 

We started with the Escargot, which was rich and bright with flavor from the various cheeses, the Absinthe butter, and the garlic. 

I've heard how great the hamburger is, so we both ordered hamburgers for our main meal. It was juicy, perfectly cooked, and assembled with care. The toppings (bacon, pimento cheese, red onion, etc.) only add to the flavor and were not just thoughtlessly thrown onto the patty. It was a really damn good burger.

Service was overall pretty good. Our server was happy to offer wine pairing suggestions (and even brought samples of some reds to try for our choice with our burger - which ultimately led to us ordering more wine, so good for him!) Intentional or not, the meal was paced bordering on slow. Not necessarily a complaint, but considering the restaurant was about half full, I wonder if service suffers when it's very busy.

I see Rex 1516 has updated it's menu to reflect the summer season, so I'm eager to go back and try out some other menu items!
So... I live in TN and made it a point to come to Rex1516 this trip. Drove in from NJ, totally 100% worth it. I've had good food, a it of it over the years, and this was simply excellent. We had the crawfish pot pie,ac and cheese, seafood pan grill and the hush puppies with one pepper jelly. All delicious! Second courses were a burger, pork hash and a salad for the lady. Again, all delicious and world class. The wine list was very good, beer selection very, very good especially for such a small and cozy place. Of course we had to have dessert. Chef DeMuro knocked it out of the park with the "milk and cookies" (I now know what rum chata is and boy do I like it!) and the apple crisp was very good as well.
If all I did was fly to Philly for this meal I would have been more than satisfied with the trip!! If you're in Philly, don't miss this. It's better than I'm telling you it is. 

The restaurant itself is narrow but deep, reminds me of a lot of places in San Diego. It's charming and cozy, nice decor and really an excellent staff. Everyone was friendly, attentive and went out of their way to ensure we had an excellent experience.
I've been here a few times and I always seem to order the same items. Fried green tomatoes, fried chicken and or the burger. Home made pickles are very good. The food is wonderful . The service is excellent. The restaurant is quaint, pretty but a bit dark. It's nice that this part of South Street is finally looking like a destination. I like the southern flare and I bet you will too.
Quaint, local bar that you'd probably walk past if someone local didn't insist on meeting you there.  Quiet and cozy inside, it's a great place for a date where you want to be able to talk over dinner, or if you're by yourself, a very comfortable place to just sit down and eat (at a table or the bar).

Friendly bar service, never crowded.  The menu had a few interesting options, but the dish I kept hearing about was the crawfish pot-pie.

Heavy on the meat and seasoning, if you like creole food, you'll love this dish.

The burger was good, just not "great", your next time back you'll probably order something else as the other menu options look much more interesting.
When we got seated, the waiter told us "nothing is good here, everything is amazing" and I'd agree with him! Of all the dishes we got, I thought only the honey chipotle wings fell a little short. I'd definitely recommend the crawfish pot pie. So yummy! The corn bread is also delicious (don't be dumb like me and touch the hot pan it comes in) and the catfish was great as well! Great spot for a nice dinner!
Amazing! I just had take out muscles, oysters and the smoked wings but goodness it was great. I will have to come in and dine one evening. The oysters you get about 4-5. Tasty but go for the muscles if you want quantity. Delicious sauce and great bread for dipping. The wings are perfectly done with the right amount of sauce. Cute clean restaurant and the bartender had a great energy. Cute for a little date or laughing it up with friends. Small restaurant but I can see a variety of meet ups happening. They have a few mezcal selections ($15/shot) so pick your fav or try something new as you wait. I would return again.
Overall, I had a good experience here. Being from New Orleans, I know my southern food well and have a harsh eye for any restaurant in the NE that claims southern heritage. 

I had the jambalaya as a starter. The rice was undercooked, the texture a bit too wet, but it was well seasoned. The cheese sticks were an extreme disappointment though. They were cold pastry bread sticks for $7, not worth it at all.

However, the osso buco did make the experience much better. It was fall apart tender, well braised, and paired well with the sides. 

The fish and chips were the special that "day" I went. And turns out a few days later, it was still the special of the day. It was good though: tender fish, and well breaded. However, portions were entirely too small. Rex, this is supposed to be a southern meal, not a plate from Le Bec Fin.

Additionally the desert options were also varied and hardy. Definitely southern styled deserts but with a new American twist.
Came here for a birthday celebration dinner this past Saturday night and could not have had a better experience.

Everyone on staff were exceptional from the fellow who greeted us and sat us at our reserved table to those helping clear our table to our server, Brian, who was so gracious, welcoming and funny. We all felt right at home from the get go and ready to delve in to the food and conversation.

We started off with a bottle of white wine and 2 apps  - the mussels and the hush puppies. The mussels were so very good with an amazing tomato broth studded with chunks of cooked fresh andouille - the mussels were steamed perfectly and the toasted bread that came with them sopped up the broth really well. I cannot speak directly to the hush puppies as i was concentrating on the mussels but if it helps, when i did think to try one they were gone ;-) eaten up by the others in my party with nary an offer to me to try haha. 

entrees were as follows: shrimp and grits (complex and flavorful, some parts creamy grits, some parts wholesome red peas and 4 smokey whole shrimp), fried half chicken (smokey flavored while fried and perfectly moist), bavette steak (roasted carrots tasted like candy, steak done perfectly to order and glazed as well), 1/2 rack of ribs (didn't get much feed back outside of alot of oooos and ahhhs and a lot of finger smacking, so i think he liked them haha).

We also enjoyed some dessert as well - a slice of coconut cake, banana pudding (I loved it) and the beignets.

All in all it was a wonderful evening and everyone really enjoyed the atmosphere that we were in. Special thanks again to Brian who took great care of us!
Academy Of Music & Fine Dining  (April 1, 2018)
We took in a matinee show of "School Of Rock" at the Academy of Music and made reservations for dinner at Rex 1516 after the show. Our options were somewhat limited as this was on Easter Sunday. We read a couple nice reviews of "Rex", it was within walking distance of the Academy, so we gave it a try.
 We were there right at 5, but they were open and ready for business. We were greeted at the door and got a table for 2 by the front window, overlooking South Street. We struck up a friendly conversation with our server, Ashley. We ordered the cheese platter as a starter, along with the smoked turkey tails. The cheese platter came with some interesting mustard green biscuits & a clementine, cinnamon chutney. The sweet, juicy chutney blended perfectly with the earthy biscuits. It was unusual, interesting, and surprisingly delicious.
 There were 4 cheese flavors; a spicy "Buffalo" creamy cheese with pimento, a firm parmesan, a nice creamy brie, and a great one called "Nutcracker which was sublime & funky goodness. I LOVE my pungent cheeses!  The smoked turkey tails were fatty, salty & Quite Yummy. I will definitely try them again some time.
 I ordered a tried & true all American comfort food as my main entrée. It was the Buttermilk Breaded pork tenderloin, presented on a bed of mashed potatoes and fried cauliflower. The meat gravy was the perfect topping. The fried cauliflower was really good; first time I had tried that.
This dish was so plain & simple, but SO Incredibly Delicious.
 Diane had the Green Goddess Grouper. It came with large smoked oyster mushrooms, and wheat berries in a creamy dill sauce. Diane rates the fish & dill sauce as an "A". Everything was served in a timely manner, cooked perfectly, and well worth the trip.
 For dessert we had the King's Gateau; an ode to Elvis. It was chocolate cake, with banana shavings & peanut butter ice cream. Amazing sugary sweetness overload. Everything was very, very good.
If you like Southern comfort food, this is your spot.  Even the drink menu is crafted with such attention to detail that I forgot I was well north of the Mason-Dixon.

The Deep South, centered around rooibos-infused vodka and honey, was as pleasant as any front-porch rocking chair.

As for the appetizers, the crawfish pot pie was INCREDIBLE, possibly the best thing I've eaten all year, and the pulled pork shells & cheese were delightful too.

The barbecue platter was great, too, featuring brisket and andouille sausage, along with three types of barbecue sauce to span the tastes of the American South.

Seriously, go.  Now.
This was probably the best meal I had in the past 6 months. Came in for brunch around 11am on a sunday and got immediate seats at the bar (btw they do reservations for brunch). My friends and I split three dishes. The chicken and waffles had THE BEST flavor. We also got the burger and biscuits with gravy. The biscuit was probably my least favorite but the others liked it.

I loved the ambiance of this place. The bathroom was over the moon impressive, so elegant, modern, and clean. Our server / bartender was very attentive, constantly topping off our water - really liked it.
Delicious!  I ordered the chicken and waffles and damn, was it good.  The waffles were fluffy and buttery; the chicken was crisp and moist; the eggs benedict were cooked to perfection; and the hollandaise sauce was delicious.  I would definitely recommend it.  The only reason why I deducted a star is due to the spotty service.  Our waiter was not as attentive as I would have liked, but the food definitely made up for it.
The service was friendly and the bus boy was amazing. He was a lot of personality and was hilarious. 

I'm going to start off by saying my daughter has a gluten allergy (celiac disease). I called beforehand and was told there is even a separate menu for us!  Awesome. 

We ordered:
Apps (shared)
Skillet cornbread- delicious 
Shells & cheese- super creamy **best dish**

Dinner:
Half fried chicken (x2) had a funny taste.  
Steak & potatoes-two small lumps of meat covered in BBQ sauce 
12 Nashville hot smoked wings- nothing hot about them.
*Burger and fries (gluten free)*- We asked to hold the pimento cheese. I stressed the fact she has stomach problems and her food came out wrong. The waitress seemed overwhelmed and stressed... the bus boy took the food away apologized and brought out some fries for her to nibble on while we waited for the correction. He was kind to us. The hostess let our waiter know what was going on with our table and she looked annoyed and walked pass angrily. 

Not my favorite meal in philly. We paid $220 for 4 adults 1 child.
Rex is one of my new faves. I have been here a handful of times now and I can speak for brunch on saturday and sunday, and several dinners. 

The macaroni and cheese is not to be missed. It smells a bit strong when the folks next to you get it, but it's not as overwhelming while you are eating it. There are several cheeses in there and they are layered so well. It's smooth and unctuous and just lovely. 

The roast chicken is lovely. Shrimp and grits at brunch is awesome. I've had it twice. The grits are just perfect. Even on a super hot gross day I still picked the shrimp and grits! 

The spinach salad with bacon is also super. One night I shared the fig bruschetta, had the spinach salad and didn't even have room for desert which is sad. 

You must always save room for desert here.

The sweet potato turnover is amazing. serious. amazing. So, amazing I think they should just sell them. Stop making everything else and just make and sell those! The king's gateau is also a great desert, it's all sorts of wonderful flavors of elvis...peanut butter, banana and chocolate. The bread pudding is good, it's my mothers favorite, but I find it a bit too rich. I've never had the pie, but my friends have and they dream of it! 

Rex is a wonderful addition to the neighborhood!
One of my favorite restaurant in town: gourmet southern food without being pretentious. I have been there countless times and I've never been disappointed: great food, cocktails and service. The Mc &Cheese is excellent.
The desserts also are delicious, try to save some room for one (it's hard).
Brunch here was amazing! I'm not a big chicken and waffles fan but theirs was amazing. All of my friends were happy with their entrees and I'll definitely be coming back. I also hear they have good happy hour deals during the week that I want to check out.
My husband and I went to dinner here last night and got the crawfish pot pie, sweet potato fries, and fried chicken. The craw fish pot pie was really good as were the sweet potato fries. I was highly disappointed in the fried chicken. It was a small leg and thigh and worst of all, just so bland.  The sides of cucumber and tomato salad and baked beans were not impressive either. Can't believe I paid $20 for such a less than mediocre meal. For dessert we got the milk and cookies which we really liked! For me, it was a little too much fried dough. I would have preferred a bit so thick dough so there was more chocolate than dough, but my husband loved the extra dough! Lol In terms of service, we sat at the bar and our bartender was amazing - so friendly, helpful and great personality! Great service!
We had a pleasant enough brunch experience at Rex 1516 on a hot morning. The food warrants 3.5 stars, but I dug the vibe which bumps it up to four. No wait for any sized party at 12:30, a big plus.

Rex's dark wood, metal accents, brick wall, and artistic light fixtures suggest a rustic but classy ambiance. The back bar looked elegant and interesting jazz played at the perfect volume. I wouldn't hesitate to bring a date here on atmosphere alone.

Service staff acted nicely enough, though our waiter fumbled a bit with an order screwup (which was remedied) and a slow pace. Coffees were kept full, food came out quickly. Worth noting is that the cocktail list here seems killer, I will definitely imbibe upon return.

A basic egg breakfast nailed it with lusciously textured scrambled eggs, delicious sweet potato hash, thick bacon, and fresh jam/toast. The eggs lacked a touch of salt, but I'm nitpicking. Sweet potato biscuits and chorizo gravy had palpable sweet potato and chorizo flavors, an interesting take on the brunch standard. Unfortunately, the biscuits were more leaden than fluffy or airy, and the eggs had too much salt. I should've gone with the delicious looking shrimp and grits my neighbors ordered.

The damage was $12 or under a plate, portions were adequate. Rex 1516 is thus a solid option for a brunch in a nice, casual atmosphere. The food isn't 100% there, but you'll enjoy the ambiance.
Omg ! Came here for my brunch to celebrate my cousins 21st! I ordered the cheeseburger and it was amazing !!
Rock solid quality, great service and a nicely appointed room.
Service was beyond reproach.  Our server, Brian, was everything you could possibly ask for.  Extremely well versed in both the menu and  the bar offerings.  The first round was a little slow, but these things happen, and I was so glad to have my martini stirred instead of bashed in a shaker.
Food, I loved the escargot, or take on escargot anyway.  Good, not great presentation, but absolutely delicious.  My entree was magnificent, fried chicken, was amazing.  Not some sad, limpid, "Korean style" fried chicken, this is damn good REAL southern fried chicken (sure wish I knew how they did it).
The room was well decorated.  My only negative was that we were at "table one" which is quite close to the hostess station, but they need all the space they can get to get this fantastic food to as many people as possible.

If there was one thing that could improve this place, it would be to buy the adjacent building(s) and add more tables and a little more room.

If they keep turning food like this out, they should be able to afford to buy any place they desire!
Small Plates are way better than Entrees here

The vibes of this place remind me of Charleston; cute vintage decor with a classic movie playing in the background. The drinks were OK, a little bit on the bitter side for me but the presentation with the flowers on top was nice.

I was more impressed by their small plates than entrees here.

Smoked Wings - very flavorful and cooked well
Mac and Cheese - delicious, i wish there were more!
Fried Green Tomatoes - perfectly fried and pickled

My friends and I were not impressed with the entrees

Fried Catfish - soooo underseasoned! for a southern food restaurant we expected more from this
Fried Chicken - it was seasoned OK but there were some parts of the batter that were SO crunchy it felt like it was going to break our teeth, we've had way better fried chicken elsewhere
Crawfish Pot Pie - not enough crawfish but the flavors were decent

The desserts were great! The fried cookies were a bit much but I enjoyed their peanut butter chocolate cake w/ ice cream

Overall, I think this place needs to improve on their entrees which is the essence of this restaurant. All the small plates we had here are easily obtainable in other bars/restaurants.
Whiskey and grits, the TRUE breakfast of champions.

In my previous stops at Rex, I had only sampled one of their stellar cocktails.  Finally, I got a chance to sit for a meal and it was a very enjoyable one.

We began with the fried oysters and the mac & cheese.  I'm always impressed when I can taste brine and sweetness in a fried oyster and that's exactly what I got.  They were perfect and those grits, holy hell.  The mac and cheese while not the best I've had was certainly impressive and I had many spoonfuls of it.  We also grabbed a special of the Nashville Dill Hot Wings which were definitely the highlight of the meal.  Our waiter warned us about the heat level but we pressed on anyway.  They were totally awesome.  The heat was a dry heat and I could still taste dill.  I love it when flavors are balanced in a dish.

My main was the pork hash and I was impressed with both its flavor and presentation.  I didn't expect that hash could look elegant but the kitchen at Rex pulled it off.  The pork was put in alternating pieces on the plate along with the potatoes and roasted cippiolini.  The dish came together really well and I would certainly eat it again.

This was a very enjoyable meal and when paired with stellar made cocktails (courtesy of Sweet Lou) just made the whole experience memorable.  Next up, brunch, and another wonderful reason to return.
tl;dr - really cute vibe! Food is pretty good but prices are just a little high. Service was just normal. Cute place for a date and brunch!

I ordered the shrimp with grits. I really liked my entree, though it was quite rich. It was something I never had before and it was definitely very yummy. The fried pork in the grits was really good. It was pretty heavy for brunch, so watch out for that. 

My boyfriend got the famous burger. He gets burgers pretty often, but thought it was pretty average considering the price and the hype. Definitely a good burger, but slightly overseasoned. You could tell the ingredients were quality ingredients. 

Service was fast, but nothing stood out to me. Make reservations! It was crowded by the time we arrived. Would come again.
Sooooo good and fresh! I had the vegetarian gravy and biscuits with a side of grits along with a Deep South. Everything was phenomenal and perfectly seasoned. Kudos!
This place is amazing! The food is delicious and unique, and the ambiance is perfect. The inside is dark and stylishly decorated, and the music is relaxing and pleasant--and you can actually hear your dining partner's conversation!

The Vasco de Gama cocktail, featuring a strawberry shrub and pepper, was amazing. The Farmer's Plate was so so good, as were the fried green tomatoes. I preferred both of those over the salad I got (the lettuce was a little gritty), so next time I come, I will probably just stick with appetizers and also save room for dessert. The buttermilk pie was the perfect way to end the meal! 

As others have noted, the service is on point--not too pushy but not too sparse.
Wow yeah definitely had a great time at this place.  Will go back.  Valentine's Day 2016 dinner with my wife. I had a buddy recommend the burger so we had to get it and it didn't disappoint.   Tied for top burger for me in the city.  I believe it was a special make that night with fontina cheese, bacon and we asked for the friend egg on top.  Fantastic.  We split the NY Strip and couldn't finish it either.  It was in a sweet glaze that was great and you got a lot of steak for the $25.  We also started with the fried tomatoes and wings which I would also recommend.  Clearly this was a night to not hold back on the healthiness.. Really nice wait staff and atmosphere.  They comp'd the table next to us as they under cooked her steak and it took too long back in the kitchen.  A gesture to make you want to come back.  The bar was also a good selection of drinks and some craft beers on tap.
That, was fun! Admittedly, I went in hopes of simply having an "adult beverage," but their signature burger called out to me. "Nicholas," it said, "don't be sittin' there actin' like you don't wanna wrap yo' lips all around me. C'mon over here and show me some love." Well, I was forced to submit. The vodka martini was dirty and perfect (thank you Paco) and their signature burger was perfectly prepared (medium-well - and I don't wanna hear it) #yumminess for sure. Had hoped to have a Chef Justin Swain sighting, but alas, that did not happen. Maybe next time - after all, I know for sure I'll be back - you know, with that burger calling out to me and all.
We were looking for a place close to the theater for a dinner before a show and luckily selected Rex. Being fans of southern/New Orleans style cuisine we were excited to give it a try. Sampled the Bucatini, mushroom pasta, which was very rich but really tasty. My son had the fried chicken which was possibly the best I have had in years. The barbecue pit plate was excellent if you are really hungry and the special pit sandwich was a nice sized meal for my younger daughter. Great place for a southern style meal. Thumbs up.
My brunch was truly amazing, I ordered a dish with grilled shrimp and pork belly! Enjoyed every bit of it! I wish I was living in Philly to explore whole menu! However, I'll be coming back once I visit this town again. Also, prices are very reasonable. It's Truly $$ in the Yelp range, no surprises!
Rex 1516 is my new favorite brunch in Philly! My friends and I came here on a Saturday morning at 11am. We had made a reservation in advance which we were thankful for, as the space is relatively small so tables fill up fast. The atmosphere is very cozy and antique-feeling.

We split a Skillet Cornbread for the table which came with blueberry compound butter. It was excellent! For my main meal, I got the Green Eggs (baked eggs, creamed collards, herbs, swiss chard, and ricotta with grilled sourdough). It was unbelievably delicious. Despite the small list of ingredients, the flavor profile was absolutely stunning. Even the simple step of grilling the sourdough really added to the depth of flavor. I could eat this dish for breakfast every morning.

Our server was great and got our orders 100$ correct without writing them down, an impressive feat considering the number of substitutions/choices to remember for our group! Overall I highly recommend Rex 1516 for brunch, and I can't wait to return for another meal!
Nice quaint place. Staff and service is excellent.
Very friendly. Good beer and cocktail menu.
Food was outstanding. Everything was terrific.
With the Cookies and Milk and Strawberry cake desserts being the certain highlights.
Just overall a really excellent experience!!
One of the best cheeseburgers in Philly! 
My wife and I went to Rex for brunch the other day and loved it. The burger was cooked exactly how I had asked (medium rare). It was big, juicy and very flavorful (especially with those crispy onions, smokey bacon, and the slightly runny fried egg on top). The service was great and the atmosphere cool . Highly recommend if you are in the mood for a burger or just a casual good place to eat.
We had eaten our fill elsewhere, so by the time we got here we only wanted small plates. I was thankful we made reservations because it is a somewhat small establishment and the tables are close. We were escorted to our seats right as we arrived.

We went for the smaller menu items, which were priced slightly cheaper than their entrees. I had the turkey tails and my husband has the mussels. According to my husband, the mussels were delicious. He even ate the little bits of sausage in the tomato broth they were in. Turkey tails were good, but greasy and fatty. They also were a bit warm instead of hot. Nonetheless, I really did like the sauce they used on top.

My husband got 2 orders of their strawberry cocktail, which he seemed to like. Then, to finish off our meals, we shared the warm pound cake. It didn't look very appetizing, as the the outer part looked harder and crustier than I've seen most pound cakes, but it was actually delicious. I loved the flavor of the warm blueberries. I was a bit close to giving this place 3 stars, but there is something I quite like about the atmosphere and the food. I need to try more to really see how I feel.
I really enjoyed the food, we split the fried chicken and had some pimento cheese and starter salads. The place is on the smaller side but the interior is also very nice.
My son and I stumbled upon this gem walking around South Street and thank goodness we did! The staff, service and food were all amazing! My son had the shrimp and grits and I had the fried chicken and a cocktail.  The price of the food was fair and the ambiance is great if you want to go on a date. If you get a chance, check out this upscale soul food restaurant.
