This review is strictly for the chicken wings. From the looks of the other reviews, that's too narrow of a focus to gain a full complement of stars. And If you've visited Rice & Mix and haven't had them, I might be wildly pom-poming a back-up option in your eyes. But I'm doing it anyway. This is the second best fried chicken I've spun between my fingers and thumbs in Philadelphia. 

The wings ($10.50 for 10) arrive delicately stacked like an edible Jenga set. This is almost ironic not only because, well, where was the last place that did anything but dump them on a plate, but also since you look like you've been enthusiastically finger painting by your 7th or 8th drumette. The meat is jacketed with a batter that's more tempura than herbs and spices and tailored with a red chili glaze that turns on a deep heat and pumps out a savory and pungent taste.

Some kind of dry-ass slaw sits shotgun next to our breaded heros; think shredded SEPTA passes finished with a drizzle of white sauce. I'll buy your next trip on the Broad Street line if you can actually finish it.

Rice and Mix might be a one trick pony, but man, it's not a trick I'm getting tired of anytime soon.
Decent Korean food. Very fast delivery.

The combos are a good deal - you can get a bibimbap and a side for $16. The bad news for me was, the bibimbap was just okay. I've had better elsewhere, but this was lacking in flavor and vegetables. 

Not a bad place to order from if you're hungry, but I'll probably try some other Korean places before I order from Rice & Mix again.
.....Seriously?  
Pros:
-clean & cool interior
-next door to Yogorino

Cons?  Where to begin.  Worst bibimbap I've ever had.  Honestly, I could probably whip up a tastier bowl of bibimbap in my own kitchen.  Who puts slices of hard boiled eggs into a bowl of bibimbap?!  Is this supposed to be a cobb salad or something? The rice was hard and the ingredients they used were ridiculous.  That meal should have been $3. 

Overall: I like the concept and understand what rice & mix is all about...but I don't think they pulled it off.  If you're looking for authentic, nay, DECENT bibimbap...go elsewhere.  If you're at the brink of starvation...sure, stumble in.
I love this place! 

The hot bowl bibimbops are awesome!! Although they do take some work, so if you are not down for keeping the rice constantly stirred, the cold versions are just as good! The chicken wings are amazing too. I think they are some of the best wings in the city. They are served alongside a nice vinegar slaw. Service is fast. The prices are a little high and you do have to pay for add-ons like kimchi which should just come with your meal in my mind. Otherwise, I really love this place. It has me coming back for more bibimbop.
I can't pinpoint exactly what I was expecting from Rice & Mix, but they really hit the spot.  The food made me feel comfortable and cozy on a rainy day.  There are cafeteria-style tables if you're in a hurry or small booths if you are grabbing a business lunch.  The menu is not that extensive, but they do have a lot of sides/toppings that you can get to make your dish unique.  I ordered the build-your-own-bibimbap rice bowl.  For $8, you get a huge bowl filled with rice, 4 vegetables of your choosing, a protein (chicken, tofu, beef, pork, or $2 extra for shrimp), spicy sauce or soy sauce, garlic, onions, and sesame seeds.  It was delicious!  Everything was really fresh.

Even though I thought my meal was a little expensive, I actually recommend shelling out the extra $2 to upgrade to the hot stone bowl when you're ordering bibimbap.  The hot stone continues to cook your food even after you start eating it.  I found that my veggies were a little undercooked in my steel dish and I really needed the hot stone bowl to cook them all the way through.  They probably do this on purpose so that the veggies don't get too overdone with the stone bowls.  My meal wasn't bad in the steel dish, but it had an extra crunch to it and it would have been better if I had upgraded.

Their system is similar to ordering at Subway, so I imagine this place would be pretty efficient even if it was crowded.  As I was eating, I watched a girl walk out with take-out in less than two minutes.   I also loved the cleanliness factor at this restaurant.  The countertops were all really clean, as were the tables (I watched the staff clean them off with proper cleaner and not a gross rag).  Even the bathroom was sparkling.  I really liked it here and can't wait to come back.
TLDR: 4 stars considering the dearth of decent Korean options in Center City, but the prices are a bit high and the fact that you have to pay for kimchi is just weird to me. 

--------

The dearth of good Korean food options in the city is notable. Unless you're venturing into Northeast territory, Center City Philly is a barren wasteland. New Jersey/New York or bust, really.

So the GF was itching to get me to try Rice and Mix, where she's had lunch a few times with coworkers. So on a recent weekend stroll through Center City, we stopped in for lunch.

Rice and Mix has a contemporary design and there's plenty of seating for the weekday lunch crowd. Quite a few booths available for some comfortable seating as well. You place your order, receive a number, and grab a seat.

Kimchi Pork Pancake [$12] 

The GF loves pajun, which is a Korean pancake. Most restaurant pajuns don't turn out as crispy as I normally like, so I didn't have high hopes. As expected, this wasn't as crispy as I normally like. A bit gluttonous, I'll admit it still had some good flavor. A decent mix of pork and kimchi helped t, though at $12, seemed like a bit of a premium for a dish that lacked texture. 

Signature Dolsot Bowl & Korean Fried Chicken Combo [$16.75] & Shrimp [$3]
Carrot, radish, broccoli, red cabbage, egg, mixed greens 

The GF's absolute favorite is dolsot bibimbap, which is essentially stir-fried rice in a stone bowl. The stone bowl helps to add a nice textural element to the dish, because there's a crispy layer of rice at the bottom, known as nurungji.

This was spot on in terms of texture, albeit overpriced. There was a nice mix of fresh veggies, though the shrimp were chewy/overcooked, and likely frozen. The egg was pre-scrambled a la Korean sushi style, so the lack of a gooey fried egg was disappointing. 

Korean Fried Chicken
Spicy

Korean Fried Chicken or KFC has been all the craze over the past 5 or so years. Popularized in NYC thanks to the likes of Bon Chon Chicken, the news that Philly would finally get an outpost came as welcome news. In the meantime, I was hopeful for Rice and Mix's version. This was a decent iteration, with huge, juicy pieces of chicken that were crisply double-fried. The spicy sauce had only a bit of heat, so don't be deterred. The accompanying sesame-vinegar slaw was nice, but I prefer Bon Chon's radishes. 

Overall, I'm glad there is a Korean option in Philly that isn't completely horrid. I'd rate it average overall, though it is certainly one of the better ones that are available in Center City. The fact that the prices are so high and kimchi isn't gratis is off-putting. But most of the flavors are there and it's a nice change of pace.
review about korean food from a korean person

sigh. i had high hope for this place. i crave korean food on the daily so i've been looking for a go to place in philly... unfortunately still looking.
i came here for a quick to go meal; ordered my custom bibimbap and watched at my table waiting for the magic to happen.
as i was watching my meal being made, movement was slow. there was 1-2 people working to get everyone's orders done and then about 2-3 people standing around just staring at me and other customers in the store. i made eye contact with one of the workers to nudge her to say, "why not help?" but no movement.

i finally got bibimbap after about 10 minutes, which is weird because all the ingredients are already made and ready to go, all they have to do is place it in the bowl. 

the bibimbap was sooo mediocre i wish i went behind the counter and made it myself. and for $14... i wish it was better. spicy chicken came out in huge chunks, egg was so stale and old, mushrooms & bok choy were OK but overall, it was not satisfying.
I kind of hate this place, but I keep coming back- mostly because I need kimchi semi-regularly to maintain my membership in the Korean club. 

The food's watered downed Korean.  You get no banchan, they try to trick you into paying more by giving you the option of white rice or "multigrain" at an absurd up charge of $1.50, the last I checked, and they're stingy with napkins.  WTF?  Give me more than one god damned napkin without me asking for it. 

Don't eat here.  It'll leave you with the feeling of a morning after a drunken hook up in a bar where your friends may have taken video and so you're a bit afraid to look on FB. Not that I know what that's like.
3 Stars for cleanliness and friendliness, 2 stars for food and prices.  I'd go 2.5 for this place. 

I have the same sentiment about this place as I do with Giwa.  It's Center City Ethnic food.  This means "Feed the masses tame ethnic food at prices necessary to pay for the lease" I can't hate on their business model.  

I'm sure if you've had Korean food in North Philly, you'll say this place pales in comparison (food wise).  So obvious statements aside, I'll say that the food isn't bad.  It serves the purpose.  

I had the grilled chicken Bi Bim Bap Koreana style.  Plus some ban chan.  While I opted out of the stone bowl because of time and additional cost, that would usually be my preferred method of Bi Bim Bapping.  It was all fine.  That's the word...fine.  

Try it if you're curious, but no need to rush.
I was in the area today, running a few errands in the city, when I realized I was starving and it was lunchtime. The Yelp app (yay!) told me that I was near a Korean lunch spot called "Rice & Mix". I was totally surprised because I know this area fairly well, but this restaurant is still fairly new, only about six months old.

I should say that bibimbap is one of my most favorite foods in the whole wide world. I went through a winter when I was making myself this dish probably three times a week. It is soooo yum and so versatile, warm, and comforting. So I was pretty stoked to check this place out.

I ordered a "Make Your Own" Dolsot Bibimbap with the multigrain rice. It costs a few dollars more than the bibimbap not in the hot bowl, and the multigrain rice is an extra $1.25 which is kind of cheeky, but I did like having the option and as it turned out the multigrain was delicious. The staff were very friendly in taking my order.

I like that the restaurant is incredibly immaculate, and the decor is very warm and inviting. The ladies' bathroom was clean, although it needs to be checked on more often--the restaurant was fairly empty when I went and one stall was out of t.p. These things matter! ;)

After about a ten-minute wait, the dolsot bibimbap showed up and that bowl was the hottest one I have ever gotten when ordering this dish. It was like they had plucked it straight from the fires of hell. So it took me a loooong time to eat my meal. It was scrumptious, though. At first I was mad because the lady at the counter, it turned out, screwed up my order and gave me chicken instead of beef. I decided not to complain because to me it wasn't worth the hassle and I've probably been eating too much red meat anyway and I'll tell you what, that chicken was sooo good!! But for this mistake, I would probably take them down half a star if I could and give them 3.5 stars. I'm rounding up from there because the meal was really delicious, anyhow.

I would definitely come back here, and if I'm in more of a hurry I'll order the bibimbap without the hot stone bowl so I can get out faster. (Which will make me slightly sad, however, because the crunchy rice at the bottom of the hot stone bowl is pretty much the stuff of the gods.) The food is fresh, healthy, and delicious, and I'm so excited that there is a whole restaurant devoted to one of my top favorite dishes!
The staff are helpful if you need recommendations/ aren't familiar with Korean food, but I thought the food was just OK. The prices are also high for the portion of food you receive. 

I ordered the Fried Chicken, and the Chicken Jap Chae. The fried chicken was decent, but doused in sauce. I love a good sauce, but it was overbearing and the flavor was eh. The chicken in the Jap Chae was pretty dry and I had to add sauce at home so that this meal was more flavorful. 

I think this place has potential, but as someone who loves Asian food I did not think the quality/ quantity of the food lived up to the steep prices.
Have only ordered takeout so far and it's been banging. I appreciate the "healthier" options they offer. Favorites so far are the pork dumplings, garlic soy wings, bibimbop, and jap chae
Quality ingredients but they are unprofessional as they practice a cheap trick by misleading the customer.  They will nickel and dime you and before you know it, they have already rung you up at a higher price than what you thought you were committing to.  I ordered a 'Bibimbop'. The lady at the register asked me "Do you want brown rice?" I said "yes please"  I also ordered a green tea.  She rung me up and the total didn't seem right, but I paid anyway. (mistake) That was when I realized that she failed to tell me that brown rice is $1.75 extra. First of all, it is rude not to mention that there is an extra cost for something you are offering to a customer, second of all, that is an expensive upgrade.  I also found out the hard way that she charged me for a cold green tea, which is more expensive, when I actually did not order a cold one.  I politely pointed these things out to her and she copped an attitude with me.

I can prepare Bibimbop at home and it is just as delicious. Korean food is not rocket science.  They lost a customer.
I have only ever had the dumpling soup here but I love it so much and I come back every time. Literally the only place around center city with such a dish. 

The dumpling soup has so many dumplings and it's SO CHEAP. It will absolutely leave you more full than you need to be, but completely worth it because it's so delicious. There are also rice cakes at the bottom. 

The soup tastes home cooked and is flavored with jalapeños to make it the perfect spice for when it's cold outside and when you need to clear your sinuses. This dish is the epitome of comfort food, and this place does it perfectly. 

Rice and mix is very casual. You order up front and you can sit anywhere you want. They give you a number and they'll bring your food to you when your order is ready. The people who work here are so nice and friendly. 

Although I haven't tried the other foods, my friends have said great things about the bibimbap and judging from the dumpling soup, I can put my faith in the other foods here as well.
I was craving soon du bu, and this seemed the only likely place nearby to get it, so I stopped in. The other reviews are right: it's just not that flavorful. If you've never had soon du bu, don't have it here first. The broth was lacking the usual depth of flavor, and there were cucumber pieces in it, which I found odd. That said, even mediocre soon du bu is pretty satisfying on a chilly day, so if you're in the area and are just looking for a fix, this place will fill the need.
First time trying this Korean restaurant. Just happen to pass it and wanted to try it for dinner. Spacious seating area and very clean too 

You order your food at the counter, grab a seat then they will bring you your food. Got the beef jap chae , & chicken bibimbap Korean fried chicken combo. All the dishes were very tasty and tasted authentic to me. The server was super nice and friendly. 

I would come back here for Korean food. You don't find a lot of Korean restaurants in the center city so this would be my go to spot from now on.
Fast casual Korean restaurant with some hits and misses. Stick with the more mainstream dishes -- really impressed with their hot stone bibimbap, and their Katsu was good too. Skip the soondubu (soft tofu soup). 

The first time I went here, I was super disappointed in the soft tofu stew I ordered.  The broth tasted watery and not very authentic. Maybe this was partially my fault for ignoring the cashier recommendations (bibimbap or Korean fried chicken). 

The second time I came here I ordered the make-your-own bibimbap (with a stone pot) and it totally redeemed rice & mix!! You can pick 5 veggies, 1 protein, and a mild/med/spicy gochujang sauce. This will set you back around $12, which is reasonable imo. The best part of this was how long the bowl stayed hot!! Literally 30 minutes later, the rice was still crackling and I was able to get a good sear on my rice and mushrooms. Very impressed. 

Additional notes:
- Not a traditional place, as there is no banchan here :(
- most bibimbaps come with a raw egg, but here that's an add on charge of $1
- the spicy gochujang is the most authentic--the mild isn't as good
Ok so I still don't know the difference between my Dup Bop and my Soon Du Bu but I can say I'm a fan of Bibimbop. They had their soft opening today. Food was great. Had the Bibimbop Koreana, hot stone bowl. Now you might ask yourself what's the difference between the hot stone bowl and regular bowl. We did and we asked the friendly servers this too, after 5 mins of hand gestures we still didn't know but decided to go for the hot stone bowl anyway. I definitely recommend it. The regular is cold, kind of like a salad with rice, the hot stone bowl, you've guessed it is hot. Not just stove hot but like 4000 degrees hot. So hot the white rice starts to brown  on the bottom immediately. Very good. The portions are generous, my wife and I split one and it was plenty. Looking forward to trying the Jap Chae or Galbi next time.
Finally, after months of waiting, Rice & Mix opened its doors! I saw them working on this place across the street from where I lived for like 2 months, and was getting really excited to try the food here.

Ironically, literally THE DAY I was moving out from my apartment, my fiance (equally excited for this place opening) and I noticed they were having their "soft opening"! After loading up the car, we just had to try a dish from here.

Both of us wanted to have a hot stone bibimbop, mine with chicken, the fiance's with tofu. We ordered the customizable ones, each with our own choice of fixins (there are so many things to choose from, but I like the freedom to make mine the way I want). It took a good 15-20 minutes to make, but once we got them, we were both super excited!

Each one came out piping hot in this enormous, heavy stone bowl. You could still hear the ingredients cooking/sizzling at the table, and, be warned, the first bite can be painful! We each had our own sauces to add, mine the hottest one, and hers a milder one. I dumped my whole container out, then mixed everything up, and dug right in! Every bite was so good, if I wanted to mention every item in there I would need another paragraph, but everything mixed together so well. The sauce was great, and I love how the rice gets really crispy at the bottom from being cooked so much!

All in all, another great addition to the "fast food" style Korean dining market. My only complaint would be that they do not include sides for free (something that their parent company Giwa does do). Because they were soft opening however, they were really friendly and even offered to throw in a few extra veggies into our bibimbops for no extra charge!

Definitely a bittersweet experience, considering this was my last meal in Philly as a resident of the city, but a great way to go out! Not that I won't ever be back to Philly, but not quite the same...
Very nicely done interior for a fast food joint. But the food did not impress, at all. Flavors were dull, quality of ingredients was middling at best, and preparations were painfully Americanized. The "fried chicken" was the biggest disappointment: really, seriously lame. Rice & Mix would have to vastly improve their food to get my business again.
Rice & Mix is a Korean themed casual restaurant.  You order at the counter, and they bring the food to your table, however you bus the table yourself.  The selection is decent, though not a lengthy menu.  They have pretty standard Korean fare, and if you've been to a casual Korean restaurant before, this isn't much different.  

The Bulgogi was very good; the mung bean pancake a disappointment, and the chicken wings very crispy and doused in a sweet/spicy sriracha sauce.  The shumai were just OK; the dipping sauce was not very flavorful.  

They have an assortment of asian sodas, beverages (such as coconut juice), bagged snack items (such as crab chips), and packaged desserts (like moon pies).  

Overall, I like it, and will definitely go back.  Low-costs and flavorful menu items make this place a popular spot for hipsters, students, and other 20-somethings.  Right next door is a frozen yogurt place that is a great ending to a Korean dinner.
Ever since I heard there was a Korean restaurant somewhere in Center City - I had to try it out. There aren't many around here so it was a must-try for me. 

I always order the Dolsot Bibim Bap (hot stone bowl rice mix) - they have lots of options to choose from and you can even make your own rice mix and add veggies/protein. I like my spice but just know that if you want an extra hot pepper sauce - it is extra. 

Portion: Fair and large (def worth the $11+). Warning - does not come with any sides (I know some Korean restaurants will hook it up with the sides but not here)

You do have the option to get a combo meal for lunch I believe, where you can get the bibimbap AND get a few Korean chicken wings (you can choose the flavors)

I'd recommend:
- Hot stone bowl bibimbap
- Pork Katsu 
- Kimchee stew
- Dumplings

I'm sure their other stuff on the menu is just as delicious :) 

I like that you can order your food and pick a table to sit and eat if you'd like. They will come bring it over to you after you receive a #
The bulgogi was really good and came with multi grain rice, carrots, broccoli and edamame.  I also ordered some other food that I haven't tried yet but it all looks delicious.  The delivery was fast and the portions are a decent size.  Glad there is a Korean restaurant nearby!
Good bowls and vegetarian options. Ordered the tofu hot pot spicy. Only thing that could have improved it was a bit more flavor. Felt like it was lacking even with the extra hot and soy sauces added. Took it home and added kimchi as leftovers
Order through Grubhub because of free delivery and $5 off, it's a good deal. I was expecting my food to be delivered at 1:05 but got noticed that it's delayed to 1:35. That's a little bit disappointing because it would pass my husband's lunch time so the meal became dinner instead of lunch. Fortunately it arrived at the new ETA.

Spicy pork: decent portion size, packed with rice. Pork slices are thin but tender and not dry. However, it's not too flavorful, needs sesame oil and soy sauce, a little bit bland. It asked for level of spiciness and I wanted spicy. The pork as is without extra gochuchang isn't spicy at all. They put extra gochuchang on the side.
I like Rice and Mix. I've been a bunch of times, and always end up with either the Bibimbop or the Soon Du Bu.  

The bibimbop does take a while for them to make, and because of the temp level, it can take a minute to eat as well.  The same goes for the Soon Du Bu.  With that being said, everything that I have at RnM has been delicious.  The Soon Du Bu (vegetarian, extra spicy) is one of my favorite things to eat in the city.

They have a small container of kim chi for $3.  I think that's a good deal.  I wouldn't buy the super small sides, as they're each $1, and have about two bites of product inside.

The employees are always polite, and the restaurant is always very clean.

This isn't a place I'd go to if I were looking for a quick meal, or had somewhere to be with a quickness.
No banchan, but in center city... there's really no good korean food options... and this hits the spot when I crave korean. 

the veggies are fresh, the restaurant is clean, and ... it gets the job done. 

i used to think that giwa was way better... but lately, am thinking this is equally as good.
I think my rating for Rice & Mix will end up being a 5, but after my first visit, I want an excuse to go back and confirm that 5 star rating :)

I went during lunch on a sunny Wednesday afternoon. It was my (embarrassingly) first Korean food experience (that I can remember...) and the nice people behind the counter could not have been more accommodating or patient. I decided to go for the Signature Bibimbop with tofu. I absolutely loved the mix of vegetables, rice (i went for multigrain), and the addition of soft and delicious tofu. The mild sauce I got with it added a terrific kick of heat. I really enjoyed how fresh the vegetables were, and the earthiness of the multigrain rice made for a nice base.

I want to head back and check out of some of the other offerings - but overall I really enjoyed my first Rice & Mix experience!
Yummy bibimbap, great place to go for a quick workday lunch! I think of this as the Qdoba or Chipotle approach to bibimbap, in that you can choose exactly what protein and what veggies you want. I always get the spicy pork in the hot stone bowl and wait a minute or two to let the rice get crispy. I swear I will branch out one of these days. 

My only disappointment is that the egg is not a runny fried egg that you can dice up and let the yolk run into the rest of the bowl and mix in, it's strips of omelet.
FYI This establishment is B.Y.O.B, so you know we had to grab a few beers before heading over to enjoy some grub. We heard a lot about this place, and so we had pretty high expectations. It wasn't terribly expensive and was definitely affordable, and we had the fried chicken (which was VERY crispy and delicious) and we had one of the sizzling bowls where the food was STEAMING hot!!! It was delicious, their prices are affordable, and we loved the recessed booths that provide a little privacy while you are eating. Overall this was an awesome experience!
I really love this place because they have enough vegetarian options to choose from. I usually just get the tofu/mushroom soondubu(~$10), but last time I tried to venture out of the norm and get the bibimbap with the hot stone (~$12). It was good, but not as great as the soondubu I usually have, so I'll probably just stick to that the next time I go! However, the meat options for bibimbap were popular among my friends whom I went with. I've also had the veggie jap chae as well, which is really good! I love the chewy glassy noodles and the sauce is so flavorful. 

It's a pay at the counter and seat yourself type of place, so pretty no-frills, and the staff are really sweet! Service is also pretty fast and the food comes boiling hot (which is great) but if you're hungry you'll have to wait a little bit before digging in!
I had pressed them for months to signup to Grubhub or Seamless so that I could order, walk the half mile to pick it up and walk back to the office and save the 10-15 minutes waiting for Bibimbap to cook. They finally did and I order from here more often because of it.

So there aren't many Korean places to eat at in Philly, unfortunately. Giwa isn't even edible, so as far as I can tell this leaves Rice n Mix. I have eaten here probably like 40 times, and when I first started coming here the quality was outstanding, but lately it hasn't been as good. The first thing is that they stopped using real hardboiled eggs in the bowls and now use some synthetic pre-made egg strip crap that tastes like Styrofoam. They also used to pre-mix some sauce into the bowl which gave it a little more moisture and flavor. If I order it with extra meat (+$3.00) or not, I can't tell if there is a difference, honestly. I hope that things will improve in the future. 

The Asian ladies who run the cash registers are there all the time and are generally pretty friendly. 

I will update the review if the quality gets better or worse.
I like that this place has been trying to roll out new options on the menu. The fried chicken, for example, is a nice option, even if it's not the best in town. And the kimchi fried rice, even if it's a little one-dimensional, is a nice as well. But then I tried the new bulgogi sandwich.

It sounds good, right? Basically take all of the stuff that you might put in bibimbap and put it on a sandwich instead of over rice. But then they add mayonnaise (which is not noted in the menu, so be forewarned). Not a little smear of mayonnaise either, but a bread-soaking glob. Why? I have no idea. I guess because Americans tend to put mayonnaise on sandwiches, regardless of whatever other ingredients are also on the sandwich. In this case, however, the result is nothing short of disgusting. I could only eat 1/3 of mine before I just couldn't stomach it anymore and threw it out, feeling like I definitely wasted $8.25.

Dear Owners of Every Restaurant in Philadelphia: Please don't leave ingredients out of the descriptions on your menus. There are people who are allergic to mayonnaise. Or who simply don't like mayonnaise. Or who--like me--think that mayonnaise is just something that should never be paired with bulgogi and would prefer the sandwich without.

Dear Owners of Rice & Mix: If you're trying to add interesting new things to your menu, you should think about adding bulgogi kimbap. And don't put mayonnaise on it.
Soon du bu with tofu is an absolutely delicious, spicy, hearty vegetarian option (there is anchovy in the soup though if you don't eat fish). A perfect surprisingly filling lunch option. I'm giving 4 stars instead of 5 because the place is a hair too expensive and the ordering process is really confusing, despite clear attempts to make it simpler.
I ordered the koreana bibimbap with spicy pork and mild sauce. (Not hot stone, regular). It was amazing! It was very healthy. All the vegetables were really tasty. 
Also, the lady working there was so sweet ! I forgot my water bottle and she ran outside to catch me and give to me! She also had a great attitude while serving me, which was quite refreshing. Definitely will return, very filling and healthy!
I was still thinking about their super-crispy chicken two days later.  I ordered the unsauced six-piece mixed breast and wing option, which was definitely a sufficient meal.  Get the garlic sauce on the side for dipping.  The ambience was much nicer than one might expect from a fast casual spot.  I ordered takeout, but I can definitely see coming back for a sit-down meal.  They need to open a spot in University City!
Came here finally after walking by this place for the past few weeks.

Good: Clean atmosphere, friendly staff

Bad: slow service (waited 20 minutes for Galbi), price is pretty high for the very average tasting ingredients, bland veggies

This place is def very trendy and clean.  The booths are pretty sweet (but why an intimidating sign that says only for groups more than 2?)  The servers are friendly and I like the self-service cafeteria style seating.

However, for $9.00 I expected a lot better than a bowl of white rice topped with veggies and some sauces.  The veggies seemed like they were taken straight from a salad works chain.  They were raw and completely bland.  What's up with charging $1.00 for a side of Kim chee?

A staple of a nice BiBimBop dish is plenty of the red spicy korean sauce that goes on top of the dish and a rice poached egg.  What do you get here...a watered down non-spicy reddish salad dressing/hot sauce and a cold overcooked hard boiled egg.

The idea is good but the conveyer belt style of serving Korean food doesn't hit the spot for me.  

Conclusion: come here if you want some bland americanized version of Korean food.  If you want more authentic korean food that is cheap, goto Koreana in University City or the many places on North 5th Street
Who doesn't like Korean fast food? Well, I guess from the 3.5 average on this place there are those that don't. But seriously, it's a fast food Korean place. I'm thankful that I can get a quick bowl of bibimbap or kalbi and be in and out in less than 30 minutes. Plus they have some great wings there.
Food: Bim bim bap came with cucumbers and broccoli and hard boiled eggs. WIERD. Much better at Giwa. YEA! Jap Chae was good, though. Have to pay extra for ban chan. WACK.

Atmosphere: Nice, but kind of reminded me of a Korean CHIPOTLE.

Good for the niche it serves: quick bites or too lazy to cook dinner.
What the HECK happened?  This was the worst visit I have ever had here.  Did they change management or something.  I ordered the seafood pancake , and though I normally get the standard bi bimh bap or Bulgoki or even the tacos, I have had the pancake at Giwa before, their sister store.

Why do I get the sinking feeling that ...the more these two (formerly little)  restaurants grow..the more the quality will suffer?

This is my umpteenth visit to both--and only the second time I've ever had a bad meal here.   The other was a few weeks ago, at the "New and Improved (NOT)"  --Giwa.  It was the first underwhelming meal I had had there.

It is lacking that certain Je Ne Sais Quois now....just the spark has gone out of both.  It's like the place has no sould and no one cares anymore.

But the pancake--ok back to the pancake.  This listless little devil arrived like a limp dish rag...with the smell of old , frozen, bagged seafood preceeding.  NOT good.  In fact it was a downright disgusting, pasty mess. 

I almost took it back up, but the people are (usually) so nice, I couldn't even bring myself to complain.

Plus, I wouldn't even know what to say--it was so beyond the pale--bad, that I can't even describe WHY.  There was not one redeeming pancake factor there.

Overly Grease Laden (check!)  ( I get it--it's friend--but this was more than that--it was like they hadn't changed the oil in the fryer in months.  It had a slightly grayish tinge...and just tasted---raunchy.

Virtually Inedible.  I literally took it over to the trash after 3 heave ho bites with a large dose of gusto.  What can I say?  I gave it the old college try.  In the trash it went.  All $12 of it.  

I ask again, Rice and Mix, what the Hell happened?  

Say it isn't so.  

After all these years, this is making me never want to come back here.

Get it together, people.
waited 20 minutes for my stone pot bibimbap... kinda disappointed: 1 because of the  wait, 2 after the wait, i'm disappointed with this rice bowl compared to the money i paid ($11.88 after tax)... 

let's just say.. get the regular bowl (so there is no wait) and it's several dollars cheaper ($8.50)!  this isn't new york.. don't make me pay too much for lunch... 

service is friendly, nice decor, don't know how i feel about the 2 or more people for booths... but all in all, a nice choice for lunch~ good luck with competing against Chipotle across the street which is a much better choice economically speaking.
HOT STONE BIBIMBAP is my new obsession. I dream of the crispy rice on the bottom of the bowl and the hot sauce that comes with this. 

I'd stlil say Giwa is my preference, but Rice & Mix is much roomier for eating in and much more convenient to my office. Clean, friendly, quick service. This place is a winner!
This is the new place from the people who own Giwa, which I had been interested in trying since seeing the sign at Giwa a couple of months ago. We were walking by yesterday, saw that they were having a soft opening, and decided to give it a go.

I think the build your own bowl of bibimbap, which you can get both hot and cold, is an interesting concept (they also have preset options if you're indecisive or not feeling creative). It allows you to experiment with new flavor combinations. I also think that it's a good option for someone who has never tried Korean food, as it sort of demystifies the process. At the same time, I don't think someone who already loves Korean food would necessarily feel that this place is dumbed down or Americanized.

We had a bowl of bibimbap (a build your own cold bowl) and soon du bu, both of which were good. If you like Giwa, you'll probably like this place. The menu is shorter, but the food is of the same quality, and the build your own option is an interesting touch. There is also more seating than Giwa, and the booths are really nice. I paid an extra $1.25 for the multigrain rice, and I thought the portion was a little small for the added price. You also don't get kimchee or other banchan with your meal, but everything on the menu is also around $1 less than Giwa, so you're probably getting what you pay for. Overall, I'm a fan, as it's a relatively inexpensive, hearty, healthy option for lunch, and it's only 2 blocks from my work. We talked to the owner, who recognized us from having eaten at Giwa many times, and he said that they hope to start serving Korean fried chicken sometime this summer. I'd definitely come back to try the chicken.
Went in today for lunch.  Our meal was exceptional.  Also, very reasonably priced.  We ordered 4 entrees with beverages and the total was $45.  Not bad all.

Sun dobu stew was very nice.  And the Korean fried chicken was very good.  Not as good as Cafe Soho, but not far behind.  We will definitely be back again.
I won't say I am an expert on Korean food, I'm not. I've only had a few dishes, Korean fried chicken, bibimbop, bulgogi, a rice cake dish with ramen, and a few fermented items such as kimchi. All were delicious.

I was late arriving at work, and I knew if I didn't pick up food beforehand, I wouldn't eat until dinner.  I was looking for something that was quick, simple and not expensive. I have a lot of digestive discomforts and tend to shy away meals heavy with veggies or meat. Yeah, the heavy on veggies is odd, but the sugars in veggies wreck havoc on my tum.

On this day, I chose the beef bulgogi with white rice. It was decent sized, however it was very Americanized. Instead of having some sort of lettuce like veggie to wrap it in, they complemented it with carrot "chunks" and broccoli, and your choice of rice. I chose white rice. You could purchase small sides of fermented veggies, but I didn't. I also received a cup of ssamjang (spicy delicious sauce made with fermented peppers)

The meat was super tender, and marinated well. The rice was sufficiently sticky, and the ssamjang was spicy but not hot hot hot. They will make the bulgogi any heat level you prefer, so that's nice.
 I rate it 3 stars "A-OK", not 2 stars "Meh, I've had better" even though I have had better because my intent wasn't eating he most awesome, authentic food, just to eat healthy nourishing food. This isn't to say I wouldn't have really enjoyed it if it had been authentic.
Atmosphere is great (for a fast food place). Food is good. But - how can you have a nice bowl of bibimbap or dolsot bibimbap with no lightly fried egg on top??? The protein in the rice bowl really misses those yummy egg juices. Rice & Mix tops your bowls with hard boiled egg, which leaves you wanting. Had to deduct two stars from the rating for something so integral to the dish.

The concept of customizing your rice bowl is nice. Two thumbs up for the service and for having fresh veggies like Bok Choy. Rice & Mix is like a slightly nicer and more customizable version of Tampopo. You just get your rice bowl with no pickly condiments. Good once in a while, but if you want the fuller bibimbap experience go to Giwa or Wajoe.
Love the decor, love the food, love the people.

The hot stone bibimbap is amazing and super hot, both in the temperature and the spiciness (keep stirring because your rice will burn otherwise). A ton of vegetables comes on top, which makes it even healthier. I think it's a great indication that even though my face is on fire, I still want to eat because it's that tasty. 

I wholeheartedly agree that they have the best wings in town. Lots of sauce, but still retained their crispiness.

You walk out feeling full, but knowing that it wasn't unhealthy, and that it was worth every dollar.
They are hardcore with their $10 minimum on paying with a card.    Even if you're just shy.    Who does this in 2016?    Refused to sell me a $9 lunch because if it.   Great service, guys.   Rude.
I was not expecting to have such a disappointing lunch. Is it possible I am spoiled living in Chinatown? Possibly. Here were my biggest complaints:

1. Price- I ended up spending $13 for takeout, just for the bibimbop. No drinks or sides included! I find that outrageous for fast casual. Granted, the portions were huge and I ended up saving half for later, but it still wasn't fair. Their whole model needs to be re-evaluated. For the entrees there are 2 options: 1. Regular 2. Hot stone. Apparently regular means the entree is served cold. I may not be an expert in bibimbop, but charging $3 extra to have a hot rice dish doesn't even make sense. 

2. Flavor- Making my way to the back of the restaurant to place my order, I passed a window displaying all of the ingredients. This actually excited me, as there was a great variety of fresh items to choose from. However, after taking my first bite of the meal, I was extremely disappointed how bland it tasted. The dish was served with hot/medium/or mild sauce on the side (which I thought was more of a salsa), but I was confused why there was no sauce in the dish. Just a plain bowl of dry rice & veggies- no thank you. 

Don't be fooled-! With all of the options in the neighborhood, there are plenty of other places to get a better meal.
YUM!

I saw this store being built and could not wait for it to finally open!  Yummay! I did the make my own Bibimbap thing, got it with Bock Choy, Bean Sprouts, Spinach, Mushrooms and the Beef [ Drum-rolls please] with the spicy sauce. Goddamn i ate it all! It wasnt the plan but i did! And the best part about it? I din't feel gross at all! Im not gonna lie eating out way too much makes me feel pretty gross,but this was very light, fresh and just the perfect portioning, although i could use a little bit more vegetables. The beef was spicy, juicy and succulent! Some of the vegetables though, I could tell straight came out of the can [I am pretty darn sure, if not i am horribly wrong, which can't be] so they could use some flavors or something. 

The interior is warm and welcoming and you would have no idea about it unless you actually stepped in! Great lunch spot if you are willing to spend $10 or a bit more, not to mention, its really hard to find healthy food when you are eating out.
This is probably the worst Korean food I've ever had. And also the most expensive and worst quality and even the service was terrible! Avoid this place at all costs.
I finally found a go-to fast food option in the heart of Center City that I have long wanted.  It is Rice & Mix Korean at 12th and Walnut Streets.  When I am in a hurry or need a quick bite before a concert or theatre, this is where I am heading.  All your "Best of Korea" favorites are here....you order at the counter, they cheerfully bring it to your table, you heartily eat, and you are out the door soon after you lay your chop sticks down.  Recently I had a very tasty Beef Japchae here with Gochujang sauce on the side....not gourmet but def good enough.  And it was less than ten bucks and I made it to the theatre on time!

Cheers to Rice & Mix!!
Food was delicious and the staff was so sweet and welcoming. I had the Bibimbop bowl it comes in a hot stone bowl that sizzles the rice until it's crispy. Total hidden gem in center city!
Self served korean food. You pay for side dishes(kimchi, radish...etc) . For a dollar you get two ounces of kimchi. The soon du bu had five large chunks of tofu which isn't the way it's supposed to be prepared. The soup base was too salty. I ordered a beef soon dubu but it resemebles a vegetarian order. Overall the food didn't satisfy my craving.
I also got a Japanese green tea that costed 2.50 for a 10 oz can (which can easily be found at an Asian supermarket for under a dollar).
Finally! A restaurant that's different than hamburger, sandwiches, or street food! Pretty much everything on the menu is healthy too! The bibimbap had a very refreshing taste and gave me energy for the rest of the day. The restaurant inside was very beautiful, clean, and inviting. I love the idea of the booths because you get to have privacy while you're out for dinner or lunch. I can't wait to go back and try something else!
Normally, I love this place. However, I JUST got an order in the store.  The rice was clearly scraped from the bottom of the container (BURNT) and the egg in it is BLUE. Yes, BLUE.This is probably some die from the container but I am not taking ANY chances. I am SO SO disappointed. I guess make sure that they aren't scraping your rice from the bottom and ask for non-blue egg. Sad face.
I expected much better things from Rice & Mix, since it's owned by the same people who own Giwa, which is pretty good. Unfortunately, Rice & Mix is not that great.

I eat all kinds of Korean food, but two things I always get are the spicy pork & Korean-style fried chicken. The first time I ate here, I got the spicy pork. It was OK, but not spectacular. I suppose if I were absolutely craving Korean spicy pork & this was the only option, I'd go here. 

However, this place gets one star for the horrible product they think is Korean-style fried chicken. It's basically General Tso's chicken in wing form. There's too much breading & too much sauce. It's just not done properly. I can say this as a former resident of NYC who has eaten at Mad for Chicken (now Mono + Mono), Kyochon, Bon Chon, and Boka. Rice & Mix is just horrible when it comes to chicken.

$10 minimum for credit card. The best thing this place has going for it is that it's right next to Yogorino.
I am not a Korean food expert, so no idea of authenticity. That said, it was a great lunch and I would definitely eat lunch here again. I got the cold bibimbop which was basically a salad on multi grain rice. Light, but filling and tasty.
I am no authority on korean food and I have only gotten take out from this place while at work.    Generally its pretty solid.  I usually get the bimbimbap hot stone (i like the crispy rice you get with hot stone even though I'm getting it take out).  The hot stone is $2 dollars extra but it is a larger portion than the regular bowl.  My only gripe is the nickel and dime-ing.  $2 is a little much for the hot stone upgrade, also whole grain rice is an additional charge.  A single rice dish can cost $14 which is a bit excessive if you ask me.
I have lived here 3 years and don't know how this is the first time I have stumbled upon this place. Talking a walk during my jury duty lunch break, I passed this spot. I love Korean food and thought why not? I was a little leery of a Korean fast casual place but always willing to try anything once. The interior has lots of seating (although I was a little put off by the sign instructing solo diners to not use the booths-um oookay). 

I opted for the Korean bowl with spicy pork and white rice which came out to just under $10. There is a sign at the register indicating debit/credit cards must have a min of $10 but since I was close, she let me pay with a card. 

My food was ready quickly and there was an abundance of fresh veggies, meat and rice. I didn't expect all of the veggies and egg to be cold with only the rice and meat hot. I wanted everything warm. I mixed everything together with a little of the spicy sauce and ended up really loving my meal. The balance of everything was just right and because of all of the veggies, I felt good about my lunch. 

Despite some initial reservations before and during my lunch, I would love to come back and eat here.
The bibimbop was amazing the first time I ordered. So I figured I'd try something else. I've been spoiled with good Korean fried chicken from Soho and bonchon. This chicken doesn't compare by a long shot. Not worth the money. The fried chicken dumplings were pretty good, but the shrimp shumai smelled and tasted like stale fish...I spit it out after the first piece. Complete waste of money, probably won't order from here again.
I have been there several times and enjoyed it. They are clean, the food is fresh, and everyone is very nice. I am most pleased with how fresh the ingredients are. I think the prices are fair.
Was in the mood for Korean and saw this place.. It's a little pricey and the food is just okay.. nothing special.. Service was so so.
Came here on a Tuesday at 2:22ish and got the Bulgogi DupBop and a soda which came to $12.37 with tax. You order at the counter and they bring he food over to your table. My only complaint is that the vegetables were rock hard which was disappointing. The staff was friendly we didn't have much interaction, but the food was quickly brought out and delicious.
I love this place, especially for lunch and take out ! 
The hot stone bowl is my favorite, you can customize it according to your liking, i also like the shrimp Shumai. Customer service is awesome! Love the condiments as well. 
The hot stone takes a longer time, so you may want to order it in advance.
A rip off for bimbimbap to go but it's capitalizing on the sparse Korean options and makes the best of its location. Good for Rice&Mix but not so good for a person that's had her fair share of Korean food. The food is meh and doesn't make up for its subpar tastes with quantity.
I'm already obsessed with this place. I've been here twice in the last two days and I'm dying to bring everyone I know here.

This was my first time having bibimbap on a hot stone and I can't believe what I've been missing out on. I've been a fan of bibimbap and had always seen signs for this place and am SO HAPPY I finally decided to go in. 

The service is great and the staff is super friendly. They were able to explain items on the menu in great detail which really helped when putting my order together. I ordered the spicy chicken signature style in a hot stone with their spicy sauce. This was just incredible.

The veggies are fresh and I loved that they had Multigrain rice as an option. The entire meal is tasty as well as filling (they give you a ton of food) and you can feel good about it because it's all healthy stuff!! I loved the food so much that I brought my dad the next day. He had the same bibimbap, except he got tofu instead of chicken and no egg. My dad is typically a very picky eater, but he LOVED the meal. I could tell he was really happy that I took him there and he was excited to take some home to my mom.

This will definitely be a go-to place for me and I'm super excited to try other things on the menu, but idk how I'll get to try those things when I know I'm just going to want bibimbap every time!

I also really like the setup of the place. There's plenty of seating and there are spacious booths as well as tables in the open. I love that I can spend some quality me time here either catching up on emails or scrolling through social media. It's just a really nice set up and comfortable environment. I'm already trying to plan my next visit.
I looove this place. It's a few blocks away from my office, and gangs of us go multiple days per week. My favorite is the korean kimchi wrap with spicy pork; I now eat it at least twice a week. Anything with the beef bulgogi is also good, and I like the hot stone bibimbap even though the egg comes pre-cooked. Their sauces are sick.
I've been here a couple of times for take out and have always been happy with my orders. I've tried the mixed fried dumplings (yum!), the galbi (beef short ribs), and the signature beef bibimbap, which is tasty with an abundance of fresh veggies. I've had better bibimbap in the city, but its solid choice for a quick and veggie packed meal. I think I'll have to try the Koreana next time which seems like a more traditional bibimbap. Don't forget to get the dolsot too. Its worth the extra money to have that crunchy crispy rice. I have yet to try the fried chicken, but I'd like to come back and get an order.
I went here not expecting to get gourmet Korean BBQ, this is the equivalent of PEI WEI good food for a relatively cheap price. What I like specifically about this place is that they offer relatively healthy options. Its very clean and pleasant, they also offer BYOB which is weird because they close at 9, I guess they are promoting getting drunk early in the night. 

The Options are simple. Cold Bibimbop (Basically a salad with hot rice), hot pot bibimbop same as the latter except the veggies are heated up with the rice, Korean Stew (Can't remember the actual name, and Kalbi. Its basic and you definitely get what you pay for. So don't go here expecting the world because you'll be disappointed. The first Matrix movie was amazing because no one had any expectations. The 2nd and 3rd matrix movies were horrible because the expectations were just too high. Make this the first Matrix not the 2nd or 3rd.
I think the bibimbops are pretty good. They are loaded with more veggies than meat, and the gochujang (red pepper paste sauce) is pretty tasty. I wish the egg wasn't well done, especially in a stone pot...maybe over easy? I like my yolk runny.

The dup bop is decent, but the meat portion is small. They give you a side of lightly boiled carrots and edamame which just screams, "this restaurant is not authentic Korean!" Anyway...

To have multigrain rice, the price is $1.25 more than white rice. 

I have NO idea why the stone bowl is $2.50 more than the regular bowl. I haven't gotten the regular (because you should always get the stone bowl when it's offered), but I cannot imagine how the $2.50 would be justified. Essentially, it's just a reusable stone bowl, right?

All-in-all, a satisfactory, but overpriced place. If you get a bibimbop in a stone bowl and a drink, it's going to be $15.00. They don't even give you any ban chans (side dishes) like it's sister, Giwa.
decent for a quick and easy meal or take away
i would guess most of their business is to go

the space is, however, much cuter than i expected, it's quite designy for being a lower end style pay first at the counter restaurant

plusses: they have mixed rice, BUT it was't particularly good and was 1.49 extra

i've had two dishes here the galbi tang and the soon tofu with shrimp

both were mediocre, the galbi tang (galbi soup) lacked body and was too salty. the piece of meat also looked a bit small and sad. i asked for extra spicy and it had a good kick.

the soon tofu pot was a little smaller than i'm used to, it was the size i would expect in a combination order. the flavor was mediocre, but the two big prawns were luscious.
This was a disappointing experience. We ordered the bibimbop combo with the spicy wings and the kimchi stew. The bibimbop combo was alright. For a place that has rice in the name the rice in the food wasn't much. Definitely wish there was more rice. The toppings were nice and fresh though.

The wings were average. Nothing that would make me say "I'd come back for wings", but it wasn't bad either.

The kimchi stew that costs about 14 dollars is the biggest ripoff I've ever seen. I would never recommend it. It had some kimchi (not even the right type for stews), a few pieces of tofu, and almost no pork at all. 

Based on the bibimbop alone I would say 3-4 stars (def better places out there in the city). The stew definitely makes me give them a solid 2. Price wise for the food, I would say it's a bit too pricey for the content and flavors you get.
Mmm, I feel like there's a real dearth of good Korean food in Center City. I have yet to find a restaurant that I would consider returning to on a regular basis for my Korean fix.

Rice & Mix gives off a Chipotle-esque vibe when you first go in - their bibimbop bowls use the same kind of assembly line set-up. They also offer other Korean dishes like ddukbokki (spicy rice cakes), soon dubu (spicy soft tofu stew), different kinds of Korean pancakes, and fried dumplings. The soon dubu wasn't bad, but it wasn't great. The dumplings definitely tasted like it was of the frozen variety that had been quickly thawed and fried. I tried some of my friend's fried chicken though and it was pretty good.
I went here the other day for a quick bite one Saturday and I was impressed by the decor and the friendly service (and not to mention the pretty female servers) I. ordered the Korean fried chicken platter which contains steamed rice,  radish, carrots & broccoli, edamame and a side of kim chee. Everything was good except the chicken had a hard shell instead of a crispy crunch, I got do not enter!  
I didn't complain but I will give them another chance to please me,  hear that Rice Mix servers?  LOL!!
