There's not a more fun place to get your chocolate fix than Rim Cafe!! It's a place I take out of towners and those new to South Philly. It's an experience, one I think everyone should have, and one people always love and certainly remember!!

The leopard covered, chocolate salami filled cafe where you may just hear bongos playing is the best! Their truffles are to do for (hummus is a vegan favorite of mine-OMG!!!) the cannolis are so fun (chocolate, pistachio and candy-covered shells properly filled to order with the creamiest ricotta and marscapone filling) and the hot chocolate is made from a hand shaved chunks, sometimes as many as a dozen different kinds, and on occasion lit on fire with a handheld torch by non other than the "Chocolate G-d Father" himself!! He'll sing to you, make you sing, and ladies, he's sure to make you blush! Rene is the coolest, jolliest, most creative guy around. Chat him up if you're not sure what to get or if you just want to smile. 

All this "show" and the place is super solid and legit too!!

I URGE you, if you've never been, make sure to stop by this cozy corner joint the next time you're near The Italian Market! It's totally worth circling the block a few times for parking. 

I've never met anyone who didn't absolutely fall in love with this unique place! My kids beg to come here and even older folks fall in love. 

The decadent truffles are sold by the piece and are TO DIE FOR. The grab ana go desserts like their thick tiramisu isn't to be missed either. But definitely get the hot chocolate...even if it's summer. Trust me!
Cute cozy little cafe near Pat's and Geno's cheesesteaks. 
The cappuccino I had was just made perfect, rich and smooth and not sweet but not bland. 
I'm upset that I didn't try the cannolis, hopefully in 2 weeks when I have a chance to stop by. 
The front has chocolates and sweets for sale, on the side has an interesting display of very interesting chocolates! See pictures hahaha 
The waltz was on that day and my legs wanted to dance as I was sipping my coffee.
I FINALLY experienced the famous RIM Cafe! I can't believe it has taken me this long to come here. What is not to love about this spot?  A relaxed vibe kind of establishments that is serving up some of the best chocolate concoctions in the city. The Italian Market truly has a gem over here, with Rene and his lovely wife leading the way.

I had the pleasure of Sari's company that evening in joining me in our pursuit of happiness... in chocolate that is. This what I like to call "Operation Chocolate Fix" as we stormed into RIM looking for that sweet rush. Rene was in the corner loving his new coffee roaster he had just gotten in that week.  Rene was just doing his thing, the calm, cool, collective thing in exploring with his new toy. Rene was doing the whole roasting thing, making cups of coffee while handing them out he would give a story behind it. How can you say no to that?  Who am I to say no to the "Godfather" , he basically made an offer I couldn't refuse. This is the man who brought the house of everything that is chocolate to Philly!  

If you have an idea of what you have in mind when you come in, you are going to rethink it once you see that glorious menu. The options are endless in how you can satisfy your crave for this illustrious, well concocted treat. I went with a volcano concoction called the "Godfather Tiramisu" which by the way, this has got to be on everyone's must order list.   

This is my unicorn, my mythical creature, the chocolate gods have ascended down putting me into an euphoric bliss. The  preparation work alone had me going into a frenzy, I was growing impatient with every perfect step into making this. That wheel they place it on as it goes in circles has me in a trance. The homemade hot chocolate that is being poured with the glass already being laced with chocolate, is interacting with the mascarpone. The chocolate and vanilla biscotti  added to this with the whipped cream is like adding perfection on top of perfection. 

You're not scarring me, I'm not intimidated by this is what I was saying to myself, followed by me salivating.  The final touches is what made me recant my last thoughts,  as I watched the bricks of chocolate being shaved off over top.  Yes, I was intimidated, yes I was scarred, but damn it am I a happy guy right now.  

RIM also has some amazing pastries as well with their truffles along with their homemade cannoli shells. Mascarpone and ricotta filled beauties with the different options of shells down to the crushed pistachios' over top. Heaven  served on a dish, with your choice of their hot chocolate, espresso, or that perfectly roasted coffee. 

I know I will definitely be back, Rene and RIM has that affect on people.  A touch of Europe resides on 9th St. in the Italian Market.
After a serendipitous weekend of meeting random eccentrics, my main mate and I felt it necessary to round out our experiences with a visit to RIM - reading about your stories of Rene had us feeling like he'd be the pot at the end of a rainbow.

Rene is the best, he knows he's the best and he won't serve anything that isn't completely fresh and made to order. I enjoyed the most ambrosial chai latte. It came topped with freshly shaved chocolate, bits of pistachio, and other spices he scraped, drizzled, and dribbled into my steaming glass. Rene's got a culinary arsenal of spices and chocolate off to the side and it isn't until your drink is in the glass that he adds the final touches. He even has a chocolate covered block of Parmesan cheese!

My friend's chocolate cappuccino was ridiculous. First of all, Rene served it in a margarita glass and spread melted chocolate on the inside using a brush. I mean, yeah. Once he poured in the steaming milk and espresso, he added a circular airplane shaped chocolate piece to the top of the glass and used a BLOW TORCH to melt it into the beverage. To say it was the best thing ever isn't saying enough. 

While at RIM, we met a couch surfing nomad and her Spaniard boyfriend. She's been "surfing" for 10 months and swears it's how she's going to spend the rest of her life. Once my friend and I left, we just stared at each other and smiled. This weekend was sublime.
"Oh, my God! Oh, my God!"

I walked in hesitantly, unconvinced that I wanted to be there in the first place - for the café could well have been a set in a Mariachi movie by Robert Rodriguez.

He sized me up in an instant. "Hello, my friend! Let me know when you're ready"

After reading the menu on the wall, I inquired what a Cappuccino Brulee was, he smiled as if he would reveal the secret, bit by bit - "In that I set fire to your cappuccino!" I noted the butane torch he had tapped lightly, and nodded "Ok, go ahead! Do your thing".

The performer, Rene Kobeitri, first pulled an espresso shot, poured hot milk to make an elaborate design and if that demonstration of art weren't enough sprinkled sugar crystals over the foam which he set fire to - adding a crispy texture to the drink. "Now, I will pour my special chocolate just for you to make it extra special.... Voila!"

By now another family exploring the sights and sounds of Philly had also ventured into the café. As they read the prices aloud ($7.50 for my Cappuccino Brulee), the lady asked me, "So, is this the best cappuccino you've ever had?"

I leaned forward and whispered, "You're paying for the show"

Part Universal Studios, part Cirque du Soleil, part coffee house, Rim Café is an experience that exceeds the quality of your hot drink. The atmosphere, the props (volcano dish), and the background music (Rene whistling the Godfather tune) all reinforce that. I couldn't decide whether I was a fan till I noticed the interaction between Rene and a little girl who asked for some hot chocolate.

"For you, I will make something extra special! First I add truffle shavings. Now, some goat cheese chocolate, and just for you..." he went on to scrape and drizzle six different kinds of chocolate. "Here we go!"

The girl stared wide eyed and with unadulterated joy over what appeared to her as a drink created JUST for her. As the volcano bubbled (temperature difference between the hot molten chocolate and the whipped cream) and Rene waved his hand as if this were a feat of magic - the ear to ear grin of the girl was simply priceless to her parents.

When another group incredulously inquired whether a cup of hot chocolate was indeed $6.50, Rene responded, "You can get hot chocolate everywhere, but if you're paying $6.50 you should know that you're buying a volcano, not any hot chocolate." Really, if you're there to get your money's worth you should stay for a few more performances. 

Rim Café should be part and parcel of your Philly experience. After hearing the sound of your arteries getting clogged (credits: cheese steaks from the nearby Pat's or Geno's) do end your trip with a finely tuned performance at Rim.....  Voila!
While you can definitely do it there, this isn't the cafe that I would go to for coffee and getting work done. they do have an abundance of Lavazza coffee, but I've always found there something to be off about the brand (their better for espresso). And aside from the outside seating arrangement that gives you the chance to watch people playing in a park, and fools getting ready to line up at Geno's, I found the seating to be kind of scattered. But this is by far the place to go for espresso, dessert, chocolate, and chillaxing outside the Italian Market.

When I first came in I saw Rene whipping up a drinking chocolate concoction for a customer that was the stuff of decadence. It was filled with so many different varieties of chocolate syrup that I lost track, but It also had some raspberry amaretto for good measure. it definitely looked beyond impressive. When my turn came I was craving a Canolli even though I was in a French cafe, and holy crap did I get one. the inside was a traditional blend of ricotta and marscapone, and the outside was uncharacteristically drizzled with cocoa, chocolate syrup, honey, pistachios, cinnamon, and then some. The traditionist inside of me might of been calling blasphemy, But the rest of me was greedily devouring it without paying him any mind. I also quickly noticed that Rene was a friendly and entertaining person to watch while he prepared your order.

Upon checking out their website I'm learing that they make their Tea using a syphon, offer good tips on how to make espresso, and offer a decadent sounding Cappuccino Brulee! So apparently I have a lot more reasons to come here.
If you're looking for a delicious hot chocolate spot, THIS IS IT!!! 

I can't believe I've never been in here before and I pass by it almost every day! This was recommended to me by a friend so I had to stop by. I've been craving for a good hot chocolate after having some in NYC last year and this is by far better than the one I had in NYC. Saves me the trip to NYC! 

I ordered the Spicy Volcano Hot Chocolate and the Marshmallow Brulee Hot Chocolate. The spicy hot chocolate had just the right amount of spice! The marshmallow was a little too sweet for me but the hot chocolate was good nonetheless. They both had chocolate shavings in them, which added an extra flavor of richness! 

It is a bit pricey but the quality is there! The most amazing hot chocolate ever. I'm definitely going to be a regular here. The staff and owner was lovely as well!

Side note: This is better than Max Brenner and Magnolia Bakery Hot Chocolate. (Don't get hot chocolate from Magnolia Bakery - Tastes like instant Swiss Miss)
Another fabulous find for our bookclub forays =)

I almost completely walked by the cafe huddled under my umbrella last night, tucked into a quiet corner shop in the midst of the neon and noise of the Italian market. Inside is a little bit of a mix of your grandmom's living room and attic. The couches are well worn in, the fireplace was sadly fake, and if you're ever not sure which country the owner's from just look on the ceiling. The bathroom is also a must see, with a kind of red light, boudoir feel.

I got the Dirty Volcano to start off with, and enjoyed Rene's finesse while mixing the drink as much as drinking it when he was done. I particularly loved the 7 or 8 (I lost count) types of chocolate that he shaved over top of it. It was so rich it really could have been enough, but my arm was easily twisted with the allure of a free second round, and tried the Killerrr. Molten chocolate in a martini glass, the flavor reminded me a little of a Kandy Kake, and I'm not complaining.
The Rim Cafe is a cozy little hole in the wall on the southern edge of the Italian Market. I'm really glad that I'm in book club, or else I'd have never ventured into this place. Hell, I didn't even know it existed, and I only live four blocks away! 

When I stepped inside (after making sure that I was at the right spot), I was promptly welcomed not only by Rene, the eager-to-please, extremely amiable... owner? host? barista? chocolatier? all of the above?... but also by the warm (albeit fake) fire and my amazing fellow bookclubbers. Even though their space is small, the friendly owners were more than happy to accommodate a group of eight, and for that I am grateful. 

Now, onto the chocolate. The chocolate! I wish I had words poetic enough to describe the way I felt about that damn chocolate. I ordered the Dirty Volcano, which consisted of a heap of sipping chocolate (various different kinds, most of which were dark and, thankfully, not overwhelmingly sweet) with a dollop of creme fraiche in the center and myriad flavors of chocolate shaved on top. Truly heavenly. And if that wasn't enough to put me into a diabetic coma, I decided to also order a cannoli. Not only was it entirely delectable, but the presentation was adorable. There was even a brightly colored flower made out of different syrups. All in all, a thoroughly enjoyable experience, even with the incessant "You've Got a Friend in Me" playing from their television (that did, admittedly, drive me kind of nuts at the time). Rene, I hope you're ready for me, because I'm coming back to collect my free second round!
I was intrigued to check this place out for two main reasons:
1/ Everyone raves about it.
2/ I LOVE CHOCOLATE! 

The second I stepped inside the groovy Cafe, I felt I was in a chocolate wonderland experiencing chocolate in all forms and shapes with all of my senses! It wasn't easy to stay away from all the Truffles! White chocolate Rum Truffles, Peanut Butter African Chocolate, even Hummus Chocolate Truffles!!! and many more, Oh my!  I want one of each. I really had rough time keeping my hand out of the chocolate heaven around me. 

The barista is a former chemist and she enjoys very much playing with her secret -surprise me- drinks recipe! if there was one! All you have to do is the following:
1/  Have faith in your barista! 
2/ Inform her of any allergy or if there is anything you absolutely hate.
3/ Be open and adventurous to whatever she is in the mood for!

Our drink:
We shared the " surprise me " hot chocolate! Watching her shaving different types of chocolate to make our drink was a performance by itself! Hot chocolate with delightful ricotta cheese and espresso in the mix. Very rich in flavor and too heavy and dense that we had to drink it with a spoon! It's like "A Spoonful of Sugar for a a sensory overload!" The hot chocolate was too filling we could't finish it! 
Now taste wise, I wasn't enthused about. It was ok but not as good as everyone raves about. I'm not hooked and thats one star off!

Houston, we may have a problem!
We both got a voucher from Yelp redeemable for $10, but we were unable to use it! They said they were locked out of their Yelp account and couldn't regain access to it for two weeks. I was caught with no cash and I had to take money out of the ATM located outside RIM Cafe since it is cash only- and of course the ATM charged me the cash withdrawal fee!!!
The barista remind me to save my  ATM receipt to get a free espresso! I thought its a smart way to outwit the ATM charge, especially many people could be caught with no cash!! 
and that's why I chopped off another star

Over all Three Yelps!
Not quite the caf d' Golden Cote I imagined.

Nearest casino is the coastal Chester Royale, next door is a torture chambre for all sorts of live poultry - and up the road works noted fan of Romance Literature, Geno (the Rainier of bloody meat)

This shouldn't affect my love of RIM - but if you've visited any sparkling beach filled with glam vitality, passionate virtual nakedity and wonderful natural scenery - the road to this locale is troubling.

Once seated, coffee is passable OK, but croissants appear rundown, as if trod on by M. Renault, other foods miserable to non-existant... 
the decor is drab (some regional maps, silly Cannes postcards, overpriced marmelades, the smell of mould)

Much better would be to forego 150-200 visits and instead grab an Air France a Marseille o Aix... 
a croque'd madame, cotton blanket and clacky seabirds fit together much better over there
Holy shitting dick nipples, are you people fucking serious?! I see good review after good review but not one person will state the obvious: the prices are outrageous. Absolutely insane...
This is my favorite cafe in Philadelphia. The guy who owns it is a total character. He's really all about the experience of whatever you're ordering. My girlfriend ordered the RiM Tea once, which had a great host of things in it, and is made in a special tea pot that sits on the counter. Rene was explaining how you had to be patient if you want something to come out perfect. After it was done brewing, he meticulously added things to it until it was complete. (Needless to say it tasted great.) 

That same day I saw somebody order the "volcano", which was this drink from which, when all put together, cream (or something like that) rises to the top. I remember him and the guys who ordered it just staring at it for a few minutes, waiting for it to happen. They were entranced, waiting for it to put on its show. I've never seen that in any other cafe, ever. 

We actually caught some live music happening that evening too, which was a surprise. I don't know if they plan on having that often, but I really dug it. Rene even joined in on a bongo himself.

Overall, RiM is definitely the cafe with the most character that I've ever been to.
While walking down the streets of Philly's little Italy, we came across a shop that had big fat speakers playing outside.   Curiosity peaked and I had to run in to scope out the dark corner cafe.   The staff was so welcoming and the friendly Italian proprietor dressed in a Sly Stallone hat was humming away.

The shop was across from another cannoli shop that I wanted to visit.   The Rim Cafe had lots of Italian movie memorabilia hanging on the walls and the sofas and chairs were just begging for our business.   

We ordered a latte and a 'classic volcano' aka hot chocolate.   We also sampled a couple of mini cannolis.  Our beverage creator was none other than the Sly Stallone look-alike!   There was a special technique to creating that volcano complete with hand shaved imported chocolates.   That drink creation was a show by itself.   The drinks were amazing and the cannoli samples were just perfect for that afternoon snack.  They sell lots of homemade chocolates and other fun items.   It's a nice way to get away from all the street hustling.
Rim Cafe was nice enough to accommodate a group of 8 of us for Yelp Book Club, so I thought I should write a review immédiatement. The space is nice and cozy-- not the cleanest, but it certainly has its charm. A piano is perched in the corner with all sorts of crap stacked on top of it, a huge wall mirror helps the claustrophobic folks feel more at ease, and a fake fireplace looks fitting yet out of place, a few feet away from a pile of computers. The same Randy Newman song played on the speakers, juxtaposed against French tv in the top front corner of the bar. The bathroom wasn't the cleanest, but despite the eccentric mess going on in this place...I just can't knock off any stars off my 5, because this place is unique and just plain damn charming.

I thought $6.50 was a steep price to pay for tea (note to Rene: update your website prices) but the taste assured me I was getting a deal. It was the best tea I've ever tasted. The dried apple ring garnish was the perfect touch, and I would've greedily dumped the pieces of dried cranberries and raisins at the bottom of my glass into my mouth if I was alone, but I decided to be somewhat civilized amidst company. I got a rooibus cappucino to go-- the perfect caffeine-free finish to a wonderful taste experience. 

The owner takes his time making the beverages, but I assure you, it's well worth the wait. Just choose to embrace the Randy Newman, and remember to take Rene up on his multiple yet endearing requests to become a fan of Rim Cafe on Facebook.
The Rim is a great place to sit awhile, especially in the winter. The inside is cozy and homey and there's always something French to watch on the TV. Rene is a charmer and the drinks are unique and fantastic. Specifically, the volcano hot chocolate is a masterpiece - like no other hot chocolate I've ever had before. I'm not sure what Rene puts in there to give it such a distinctive, delicious texture, but it's magic. 

They're open until midnight, and it's the kind of place that makes you want to linger until closing time.
So confused as to how this place has such high ratings...

First of all, I am a chocolate fiend, so I don't mind paying the high price tag when it comes to good chocolate, so when I found out this place was $8-$15 per cup of hot chocolate, I was ready to be amazed with some chocolatey goodness in my mouth.

It starts with the owner, which I assume his name is Rene, and he is a very pleasant person who clearly enjoys what he does. He sits you and makes a small show for you while he makes your hot chocolate, and explains each block of chocolate he's using. 

So why the 2 stars? Because the hot chocolate itself wasn't that amazing... it tasted more like milk than chocolate. Secondly, right after he made our cup with his BARE hands, he went out of his counter and sat and talked to some ladies... and TICKLED THEIR FEET with the SAME BARE hands he used to make the hot chocolate. So at that point, all I could taste was FEET. 

If you are willing to sacrifice hygiene and your money for overpriced drinks to be in the company of a pleasant owner, then this place is for you.  As for me, I will not be returning.
Anyone that gives this place anything less than 5 stars is out of their mind!! If I could, I would give them 10 stars. Not only are their desserts addicting, the customer service is really like none other. 

First, let me start with my favorite, their cannoli. I'm originally from Brooklyn and Italian bakeries are my forte. However, once I experienced the cannoli here at Rim cafe, I cannot eat it anywhere else! They really blew it out the charts with their cannoli. They add the filling in when you purchase the cannoli (the filling is made BY them every morning). This keeps the shell extra crunchy and it keeps you begging for more. Even though the cannoli is filled with this amazing stuffing, it is not too sweet which always takes me by surprise. 

Then there are their other famous desserts like their hot chocolate lava. Pretty sure this is what everyone comes here for. This is their signature dessert. They add all these different types of chocolate shavings on top. Which is surprisingly ALSO not that sweet! What I love about ordering this dessert is that Rene (the owner) always puts on the best little show when he makes this dish. He gives you samples of all these different types of chocolate syrups and trust me, you have to try them. My favorite is probably the homemade peanut butter syrup. If you need a drink with all this I suggest you try their chai tea! 

Now on with the best part, their customer service. Having amazing food is one thing, but being with THE BEST company is everything. Rene and Bella really know how to make you feel like home EVERY time you visit. I love how much energy and love Rene has towards his business. He's supper passionate about what he does and it shows through what he creates. Bella is literally the sweetest person alive. She will go above and beyond to accommodate you as a customer. Majority of the times I visit, she throws in a extra cannoli or chocolate bar even though she doesn't have to. This allows you to try other things which is amazing. 

All in all, if anyone needs a dessert place to go to, Rim Cafe is my #1 suggestion. Not only is the interior designing cozy and cute, the dessert is mind blowing. Then you have the whole experience with the amazing staff as something you can never get else where. 

GO GO GO GO! This place is a must if you're in town. I promise you won't regret it
If you're never been to Rim Cafe on South 9th, I highly suggest it. A French Cafe situated adjacent the Italian market makes for quite the juxtaposition, but the decadent chocolate desserts and showmanship alone are worth the visit. Make sure to say "hello" to Rene the master chocolatier when you visit, he'll whip you up something fancy on his little chocolate wheel that'll surely put you in a sugar coma, but it'll be worth it I promise! 

Try the crème brûlée cannoli, it tastes like France and Italy had a baby!
When my BF told me about this awesome hot chocolate he had that cost over $10 I asked if he got to keep the mug... $10+ for hot chocolate is absolutely absurd, right? WRONG! 

Rim cafe and it's owner Rene make for one unforgettable experience. Upon first walking into Rim cafe, your eyes do not know where to glance first. The decor is dark and the place is a bit cluttered (so if you're reading this before visiting, walk in - continue straight and then turn right!). The music is always on.. 'Applebottom jeans', 'Naughty girl'... It's like tacky tracks of early 2000, Rene knows all the words, dances along & I adore him for it. 

Rene will spot you walking in and if you have any questions, want a recommendation, whatever - he is on it! Then you will watch your drink be prepared! He'll go through each and every chocolate he is shaving - which I thoroughly appreciate (peanut allergy). We normally get the salted caramel and it is out of this world.  I tell everyone about Rim cafe and think it's the perfect spot to bring out of town visitors. Check it out!
Syphon coffee in the Italian Market?  Yes please!  The espresso here is fantastic with quite possibly the most exquisite presentation.  Pair your latte or cappuccino with a creamy,  delicate cannoli and your taste buds will be on cloud nine.  And I have one word/piece of advice: Volcano.  Just trust me on this.
The coffee is great, the chocolate volcanos are fantastic, but that is not what make The Rim fabulous.  You will NEVER frequent an establishment with a better host than Rene`.  He makes you feel that he is truly happy to see you, and that you are special.  I live two hours away, and have only been in 3 or 4 times.  I've been in with my young children, my friends, or just with my laptop, it's always the same.  It's like he's greeting an old friend. 

Bonne Année Rene`!
Rim Cafe is a pretty sweet place. I like the ambiance, I like the coffee, and the biscotti I've had is pretty darn delicious. It was dipped in dark chocolate and it was perfectly baked.  I had a great cup of coffee, and my friend had a delicious whipped mocha drink that looked and tasted amazing.  My only beef with Rim is that it's a little steeply priced.  I understand why - their products are home made, and made with REALLY good ingredients.  However, I feel like I could go to a coffee shop closer by and spend less. 

The ambiance is neat, and the food is delicious. It's not terrible. I'd go here again.  Also they def have wireless, which is flippin sweet.
We went on a Sunday night and it wasn't busy at all. I got the marshmallow brûlée and we got a coconut truffle and a dark & spicy truffle. The dark & spicy was our favorite of the two. The hot chocolate was good but I think would've been way better if he had used regular marshmallows instead of the tri-colored fruit flavored marshmallows. That said, I still enjoyed it and drank all of it. The decor is fun and funky and the service was warm and fun. I know some friends who will love this place and plan to take them there next time they're in Philly. :)
Rim cafe should not be missed by anyone !!!! The Hot chocolate served up here is definitely the best i have ever had !!! In fact, the cafe is so close to the corner made famous by Pat and Geno's steaks, that i'm surprised i never heard of it until now.... Honestly, i dont think i'll ever be able to stop by this neighborhood to eat without finishing the night with a Hot Chocolate from Rim Cafe, it's just that good. 

Hot Chocolate comes in an 8 Oz cup and starts at 8 dollars for the OG and goes up to around 15 with all sorts of options. I highly recommend  stopping in for a bit. Be warned No Wifi no laptops no bathroom ...Huh??? Yup, that's whats posted on the wall.
Hot chocolate tasted like water.  I thought the place was cheesy and gimmicky but maybe you'll enjoy the show.  Maybe you'll be drunk like everyone else outside genos and won't notice the difference.

*The reason I  call it a show is because he shaves several different chocolates onto your cup on a spinning plate.  Half the chocolate ends up on the plate and what ends up in the cup is barely a tablespoon that I barely tasted.
So apparently they serve coffee here? Not something I even noticed when I visited one evening--I beelined straight for the hot chocolate. RIM is, in a word, phenomenal.

I chose the lava with chocolate ganache ($10, yes, pricey, but everything is made with great attention to detail) and one of the employees set up shop on the revolving stone right in front of us. Interestingly, she put the whipped cream in first, then poured the hot chocolate on top. She then proceeded to carefully shave about four kinds of chocolate on top and drizzled more chocolate sauce on that (giving me and Jared J a taste in the meantime). I gobbled half of the drink down almost before I realized what I was doing. It was delicious and I was licking my fingers to get every last bit. 

Later, we saw Rene making the chocolate, and all I can say is that he is a wizard. He is also a hilarious man on top of that. If Rene's around, he'll make your trip worth it through sheer force of personality (but the chocolate helps, too).

Drinks aside, the shop is very small and intimate. The walls are plastered with Italian-American pop culture memorabilia and one of the Godfather movies was playing in the background. The music is all Italian love songs and it's perfect for cuddling up to your crush or your date (especially because it gets cold there in the winter). Drink up!
It's been a while since I've been by the RIM, but I'm moving back into the neighborhood very soon and can't wait to give it more love.  

It's a quirky little cafe in the middle of the Italian Market, with many pieces of French flair (including the French live TV).  The drink selection is unlike any other, and owner Rene definitely knows his away around the espresso bar.  I've had many a yummy cappuccino here.  

I'm looking forward to trying more of the tea!
Not sure I can add much more info to the plethora of reviews here, aside to further confirm that this is the best espresso experience in the city by a mile.  nothing comes close.  

part of me thinks its proximity to the least inspired corner of philly (genos/pats bermuda triangle) is both a blessing and a curse.  i think most people wouldnt look twice at Rim, as, from the outside, it looks like maybe another 2 star pizza joint or hanging-on-by-a-thread italian restaurant.  but on the other hand, if this was opened near rittenhouse or nolibs, it probably wouldve been over-exposed by yuppies or hipster or yupsters or yippies or whatever by now.  i think part of the charm is that I walked by it a hundred times before ever giving it a shot, and even then, only on the advice of a neighbor.   might not make Rene a rich man, but if you go in there youll see pretty quickly that thats not his raison d'etre.
Want to check out one of the coolest places (or hottest depending on your chocolate preference) in Philadelphia? I'm not taking about a bar or a club. I'm taking about the RIM Cafe. There are a plethora of reasons why this place is so awesome, with the main ones being chocolate, the atmosphere, and of course Rene. 

The RIM Cafe sits on the unassuming corner of 9th Street, just a stone's throw away from two famous tourist traps serving fake cheesesteaks, in the Italian Market district in the city of brotherly love. But don't let the location fool you. 

Upon entering RIM, you may choose to shack up in one of the two corners that are adjacent to one another - the lounge area or the more open area. We opted for the lounge and sat admiring Rene's decorative wall of places that he's visited in the world; however, sitting in the more open area will give you a better view of the chocolate and bongos, that Rene plays from time to time. 

The chocolate used in the hot chocolate, back that up....the chocolates used in the hot chocolate are insanely rich, creamy, and like nothing you will ever taste. When Rene makes you a hot chocolate, he doesn't just microwave a mug of hot water and throw some Swiss Miss into it. The man puts on a show! 

Before you know it, music will be playing. Rene "will make it happen" for you by grooving to the beat, slicing generous slabs of chocolate into your mug, utilizing what I like to call his chocolate spindle, and dousing your drink chock full of whipped cream (be sure to get one of the variations of the hot chocolate volcanoes). 

How about a chocolate flavored cappuccino? Or a canolli? How about some chocolate truffles (they were given to us for free by nice lady behind the counter and I would gladly pay for them because they were that good)? Your wildest imaginations can be filled at the RIM Cafe. All you have to do is ask and Rene will make it happen!

Side note: Bring plenty of cash with you. You may be surprised by the prices but after your first sip, you won't even care.
This was some wonderful hot chocolate, made even better by the valentines day special that was being run while we were there! The classic hot chocolate is so creamy and delicious, and it is always the perfect temperature.The first time I went I shared the hot chocolate with my husband as I was worried it would be too rich to have on my own, the next time we went we both knew there was no way we could split again we needed our own! We also got the baked cannoli, which was incredible. The shell was so crunchy but the inside was so soft, definitely worth getting.
Owner René is a coffee and chocolate artist, and a lover of life and all souls.  There is no categorizing this quaint shop in the heart of the Italian Market, but you will leave with a smile on your face, a song in your heart, and mouthwatering chocolate in your tummy.  René is from France, but his heart is in Italy, and this eclectic cafe has an Italian feel to it with the fine Lavazza coffee used in all the imaginative coffee drinks.  The Iced Espresso is to die for, as are the Iced Crème Brûlée Latte, the Iced Salty Caramel Latte and the Iced Salty Caramel Avocado Latte.  I do not like avocado at all, and would never have known it was in there, but it's superb!  The hot drinks are also good, and the hot chocolate has won Philly Magazine's Best of Philly.  Like the coffee drinks, they are imaginative, with the Hot Chocolate Volcano being a favorite.  A cappuccino there is like nowhere else, and the homemade truffles and other sweets are creamy and delicious.  Everything is special here, and even the chocolates that are shaved to flavor and decorate the coffee and chocolate drinks are homemade and unusual, with flavor combinations like Parmesan Chocolate and Pistachio Chocolate.  The Rim has been featured on the Food Channel's Sugar High show with Duff Goldman.  But while the beverages and chocolates are creative and superb, the real star of the place is René himself.  There is no describing him.  He exudes passion and love for his creations and is an entertainer and a photographic artist.  He will take exquisite photos of the most unphotogenic person, and post them on Facebook for you to download and keep.  It is clear this is not work for him, and it's not a job.  Being at the Rim and joking and mingling with people, "making it happen," is his true love.  Yes, a drink there may cost $10, but it is not the drink you pay for, and as such, it is a very inexpensive form of entertainment.  René is very generous, sharing many of his creations.  At times he gives away more than he charges, having you try a new drink creation or a truffle at no charge.  It is the perfect place to go with a group of friends, or to share with a date.  It is an EXPERIENCE to go to the Rim, one you will want to return to again and again.
If I were just passing by, RIM is probably the kind of place I'd never imagine walking into. But luckily my friend had a gift certificate so we decided to try this place after dinner one day. 

The inside of the cafe looks a bit like the attic of someone who collects 70's memorabilia. The first time I went, I was actually a little intimidated by the sheer amount of decor, but Rene, the owner, is one of the nicest shop owners I've ever met. He doesn't speak much English, but he gives off such a friendly vibe and it's a lot of fun watching him make the hot chocolates (especially when he grates the chocolate! It's like watching someone grate cheese, but so much cooler.)

My peanut butter hot chocolate was not cheap (around $9) but it was one of the richest, most decadent hot chocolates I've ever had. I had to sip it slowly as to not die from the richness... but I still ended up getting terrible chocolate coma afterward. Definitely worth the experience though.

I also came back here a second time and ordered my hot chocolate to go, and it wasn't nearly as good as the first time I went. So a word of advice: enjoy your hot chocolate in the cafe. Then go home and take a long nap until you feel like you can move again.
This is quite possibly the BEST cafe in Philly. The owner is truly a man who loves what he does and takes coffee art to a new level in originality and flavor combinations.  Where have you ever ordered something at a coffeeshop and the barista pulls out a blowtorch?? Well that was my experience when I ordered the creme brûlée cappuccino!  Simply amazing, velvety, sweet and belly-warming, perfect drink for the winter.  

Iced coffee French style is shaken with the perfect amount of cream and sugar, leaving it frothy at the top and garnished with ground pistachios.  Great cool drink for the summer.  This is how coffee should be done.

I have yet to try the cafe specialty, the Volcano hot chocolate, but I have heard nothing but good things about it.  Instead of hopping on the coffee bandwagon, you can tell the owner Rene truly loves the art of coffee.
There's a lot of good things happening inside Rim Cafe. The place is basically covered in a layer of chocolate dust and shavings and there are cannoli shells scattered throughout the entire cafe and I am okay with all of this. 

We wanted to continue our date after dinner at Taco Riendo on Saturday, and I suggested we make the drive down to Italian Market to peep what's poppin' at Rim. I expected to be filled with glee. I was.

I love cappuccinos and I love creme brulee (too lazy to find the accented-e this morning), so I opted for the creme brulee. Rene is a cute man. Has another reviewer already requested that he be shrunk down to pocket-size so they could carry him around all day, making tiny chocolate drinks for me to drink? If so, ditto. If not, I'd like that to happen. He looks like a cartoon character and I dig that in a human. The cappuccino brulee is exactly what it sounds like. It doesn't have a faux custardy tasty infused to it, which I appreciate. The crispy burny top was sticky and delightful. That's the best part. My boyfriend ordered the volcano and it was one of the best, if not the best, hot chocolate I've ever tasted. The different shavings of chocolate on the top was a nice touch - a little of everything. The variety of chocolate was definitely unique (parmesan! tropical!). 

When I brought our mugs back in Rene asked me which I preferred. It was hard to choose, but I plan on returning. It could be argued that $7.50 is a little steep for a cappuccino, but considering it's prime location directly across from a major tourist spot, and the care that Rene uses when creating each drink, it's absolutely within reason.
We were just walking down from Geno's and saw this huge banner of RIM cafe we couldn't really make out what was inside it was dark and cluttered however we saw the guy with the hat who was probably René. The store was whimsical a bit of voodoo a bit of Elvis and Cuban percussion which René played to some latin music. He was entertaining the tourists in the store yelling "make it happen" every few minutes. We were rather amused by it had no idea about RIM except for the fact that he was featured on food network. We ordered a chocolate canoli it was coated with very good chocolate but the filling was a little grainy. We also asked for the recommendation of a beverage ended up going with hot chocolate "dirty with espresso". There was a good amount of chocolate in that drink at the end he shaved in a variety of chocolate blocks from various chocolate regions. That hot chocolate was the BEST hot chocolate i ever tasted - it was not too sweet but rich with great flavors of chocolates. What a find! It put a smile on my face.
HERE WE GO!

This place is awesome.  I had been wanting to go in here for, literally, years, but their hours are so weird, the stars just wouldn't align for me and RIM until recently.  The guy who owns the place is crazy.  If you're looking for a quick cup of coffee to go, go somewhere else.  You might walk up to the counter to order, only to have the little French man walk to the other side of the cafe, blast the Mission Impossible theme song, and drum along to it on his bongos for ten minutes.  Then, he'll return to the counter (music still blasting), and make you the sexiest iced chai you could ever dream of.  I am more than eager to return and try new things.
I'm not quite sure why there's such love for RIM.  It certainly has its good points - Rene is awesome, and the hot chocolate is great.  Oh, and there's jazz on some Saturday afternoons.  But a straight cup of coffee is terrible, and the environment - with its large-screen television, occasionally a movie playing on an additional computer monitor, and weird recorded chirping bird noises - is distracting and annoying. It might be nice for the occasional visit, but as a regular cafe where one might get your basic cup of coffee and read a book, it's not worth the trouble.
Nothing more to add to the 4 & 5  star ratings already here. I love the care and passion that's put into everything on the menu. YES, the cannoli's can come across a lil pricey but this is not some random donut or pastry. These babies are flown in from freaking Sicily. Sicily!!  Who's gonna take care of you better than a chocolate cannoli?  WHO?  I'm fine with the cost. 10 stars easy.
Belle and Rene are both really nice and the Hot Chocolate Volcanoes are really delicious. When Rene is making them it's very entertaining, it's like you're watching a show. I got the Dark Chocolate Volcano which was delicious! Unfortunately I didn't get to try the frozen Volcanoes because they didn't start making those until around the end of May so I was a couple of weeks too early but I'm sure those are also delicious. I got a couple of truffles and of course those were amazing! The Dark Chocolate Pistachio was my favorite but the Peanut Butter one was yummy too. Honestly, I don't think you can go wrong with anything that you get from here but a Volcano and at least one truffle is a must. ( BTW I did the $6 for $10 deal and saved a little money.)
The hot chocolate preparation is QUITE a production - whipped cream, chocolate shaving and rich hot chocolate melted into a cup. Aside from that, there are a selection of delicious desserts and coffee drinks. It's a cool concept with retro cafe vibes but 9-15$ for a hot chocolate is no joke.
Chocolate lovers paradise. This place was old world italian, like what you saw in movies. Lol. Pretty cool.

I ordered a marshmallow hot chocolate with a cannoli. My friend got chocolate truffles and a hot chocolate.

Six different shaved chocolates went into my drink with fire blazing marshmallows. The show that comes with the drinks are priceless. The overall taste: Super rich, chocolatey happiness. I loved it. This drink was on the pricey side of $13. A mini cannoli was the perfect pair to my drink. 

Parking is scarce around this area.
Last night after a group of business colleagues and myself finished devouring a cheese-steak at the brightly lit Geno's, we were looking for a place that served Italian desserts. As we dutifully searched Google and various others apps on our iPhones and Droids, I glanced down the street and noted the RIM Cafe. The sign for Lavazza was in the window that grabbed my attention (Lavazza is great coffee from Italy.)

We entered this little shop and were very pleasantly surprised. The theme from the Godfather was playing as we made our way indoors. We were the only four guests at that time and received what was a memorable and attentive experience.

We met Spiro at the counter who welcomed us to his business and proceeded to tell us about their menu and items for sale. We learned about their delicious version of a hot chocolate called The Volcano. When I say to you that this was the best hot chocolate I ever had in my life, I am not exaggerating. I nearly shook with delight as this sweet chocolaty dessert was masterfully prepared for us.

As the melted chocolate concoction was poured in the glass, it was place onto a lazy Susan known as the Wheel of Chocolate. Yum. Next to that was a another wheel with several types of handmade chocolates ranging from semi-sweet, to dark, white chocolate, and a chocolate with Parmesan infused in it. Spiro then shaved at least six ir seven types of chocolates on top of the drink. Then, as if that wasn't chocolate, he then drizzled some hot melted chocolate sauce on top.

Is it possible to experience a chocolate inspired nirvana? I believe the answer to that question is a resounding yes. The notes of sweet, savory, and succulent chocolate and other tasty accouterments made an inspired drink into a phenomenal dessert of its own unique merit. I swear I had tears in my eyes as I experienced my chocolate bliss. 

One person in my group and I also got to sample a Syphoned coffee. This was a very unique and precision based way of making a deep,rich Italian espresso coffee. Rather that a traditional drip method, this used a method that looked like a chemistry experiment by boiling water at the bottom of a glass globe that turned to steam and rose above to consummate its love with espresso above, all drifting down to a hot brewed, delight. I normally don't drink my coffee black, but made an exception. The coffee was dark,full bodied, and delicious.

Our experience at RIM Cafe was amazing. We were the only customers present and Spiro was really friendly and down-to-earth. I really enjoyed the desserts and will visit again anytime I am in Philadelphia. If you love chocolate and people who are knowledgeable and passionate about, you simply must come to South Philly and visit the RIM Cafe.

Bravo and Gratzia!
SWEEEEEEEEEEEEEET lawdy this place is amazing. Havent been there in a long time, surely too long. This place has left a memorable impression off just one visit years ago.
I found myself in Philadelphia once again today in advance of some work related training this week. After my last wonderful experience at RIM Cafe, I just had to go back. And I am so glad that I did!

Not only did I get to enjoy another sumptuous Volcano, but I got to meet Rene in person! What a marvelous man Rene is, so passionate about his business, his customers, and his craft. I also got to enjoy a RIM Cafe exclusive, a Caramel Macchiato in a Cone!! This was culinary wizardry at its best, so simplistic yet so magnificent! Imagine taking espresso, cream, and making it into a macchiato inside of a chocolate dipped ice cream cone, then drizzled with caramel and wonderful chocolate! To die for!!

"Make it happen!" as Rene says! Another awesome visit for me and the four other guests who were there.

Rene, Merci beaucoup mon ami!!
The drinks and sweets are ok, they are way over priced however.  Go to termini for conolis, seriously they are amazing.
First of all, I must direct a "WTF" at Philadelphia. Why are there no coffee shops open past 10 PM ?!

Finally discovered RIM Cafe only a few blocks from my house and they are open late! Maybe until midnight? I'm not sure what their hours are... if they are posted, they have been lost amidst the hundreds of random pictures and articles all over the walls and ceiling.

The setup is perfect - a couple couches, tables and outdoor seating coupled with a few computers with internet access. Not to mention board games scattered around and a piano that anyone is welcome to play.

I didn't get any coffee, but my boyfriend got the Americano, which was tasty; I got a Macchiato, which was heavenly (they give you a little spoon coated in chocolate in addition to drizzling some on top of the foam. mmm).

Of course there's Rene, the adorable owner who walks around whistling the Godfather theme.
The moment you step in this cafe, it's clear you are in a very special place. A place like no other, where time stands still and the only thing that matters is chocolate, coffee, love, and chocolate!  Go ahead, indulge... you deserve it!!!
I can't begin to accurately describe how amazingly unique this place is. The BF and I show up and the place appears empty, but walking in it felt like one of the coolest old lady garage sales I'd ever been to. The place is beyond eclectic to down right ridiculously fun. Finally we ordered from the lady and got hot chocolates, cannoil and truffles. 
The salty caramel hot chocolate was delicious, but the real winner was the toasted marshmallow brule hot chocolate. The guy makes it right in front of you and tells you everything that goes into it. The hot chocolate was so rich that we didn't even get to the truffles, or one of the cannoli's.
As for the cannoli... well, I have never been really impressed with any cannoli. I've had two or three from different places but never fell in love. With the first bite of the cannoli I may or may not have had a religious experience in my mouth. It was incredible, beyond words. Rim's cafe restored my faith in the cannoli. 
Someone previously discussed the price, but these are seriously city prices. I can understand how visitors might see these prices as crazy, but I think $9-14 for hot chocolate is reasonable and 4 truffles for $10, especially for how incredible they taste. The people working were incredibly amazing and very kind. I absolutely recommend going and I am going back soon!
If I could sit in RIM Cafe all day and watch Rene make hot chocolate while smelling fresh coffee beans roasting, I would.

My friend and I came here on a Saturday afternoon, and it was not too busy. I ordered the Cubanno Espresso, which was a perfect balance of sweet and bitter. I also had a Mini Dark Chocolate Cannoli, which was delicious with the espresso.

My friend had the Original Volcano Hot Chocolate, which was lovely to drink but even more lovely to watch it being made. Rene (the owner) puts a lot of attention into each drink, while simultaneously bellowing out Adele songs. 

RIM Cafe is truly entertaining and delicious.
This isn't just a hot chocolate place -- it's an experience. A great little gem in the Italian market. Admittedly the first time I went in here I was perplexed by the interior  -- it's eccentric inside and not like a typical cafe, but this is all part of its charm. The hot chocolate is fantastic and the atmosphere is so fun it will pull you out of the worst mood with every bit of chocolate that goes into your cup. One of my favorite places in the city. 5+ stars
So I didn't stay for hot chocolate which is what they are known for. I stopped in to grab some treats to go and to take home for others to try. The shop is tiny and filled with an eclectic mix of decor. The group inside was having a ball when I walked in late on a Friday night. 

I bought a half dozen mini cannoli in chocolate, peanut butter and white chocolate and a dozen truffles of different varieties.  The peanut butter truffle was tasty and the cannoli was good too. 

If you are in the Italian market area and looking for a treat or dessert beverage give it a try.
The RIM Cafe is always, always my favorite place to go for hot chocolate or just a fun time. Recently, my friend was very sad and randomly asked me where she could get a hot chocolate that could make life worth living. I immediately picked her up and brought her to the RIM Cafe. Not only did she agree that the hot chocolate was life changing, she also had a phenomenal time and loved every second she spent there. Rene is fun and cheered her right up with amazing chocolate and kind words. You always feel like family there.
Woah, woah, woah!! The most decadent chocolate desserts that are all homemade by French chocolatier Rene. We got three chocolate drinks along with a tray of truffle. My favorite drink was the peanut butter volcano. My only complaint is that the drinks are large and very hard to finish due to how intensely chocolatey they are. Rim Cafe can sure any sweet tooth!
I LOVE Rim Cafe. Rene (the owner) is quite possibly the nicest man EVER. He takes his job seriously and every drink is a work of art. And, you feel like you're at home there.
RIM Cafe is awesome!!! I can't believe we have never stopped in before with how many times we've passed by in the Italian Market. We were looking for a cafe to get dessert and an espresso drink...little did we know we were entering a cafe with more personality than any I've ever seen before! As others have mentioned, the owner, Rene, is great. He kept saying, "MAKE IT HAPPEN" and had a really fun personality. The cannolis were to-die-for, as was the mocha truffle. The espresso drinks were SO good...unlike anything I've ever had before. I think ours was iced avocado tiramisu..it was perfectly creamy and delicious. We definitely overloaded on the chocolate, not realizing how rich the drinks would be. Next time I think I would order less (though it would be so hard to choose!). Definitely check this place out...it's unlike anywhere I've been before, in a good way!
After freezing to death eating our Geno's steaks, two friends and I popped in for some warming up. The volcano hot chocolate here is certainly worth the $6.00 - if not for the actual drink, then certainly for the process and display that goes into making one. A young man was playing La Vie en Rose on the piano in the back which made the place seem that much more romantic and charming. I could easily find myself here with a knitting project or book, sipping away on decadent espresso drinks. Strangely enough, the bathroom with its red light a pasted photos was a highlight. It's small and cozy - perfect for two or three, but no parties larger than that I would say.
**3.5 stars**

I was really apprehensive of  marscapone and ricotta in a thick hot chocolate drink, but the Grandfather's Volcano at RIM Cafe sold me.  As featured in Duff Goldman's Sugar High show on FoodTV, the hot chocolate drinks were as ostentatious and elaborately constructed just as in the show.  The owner is charismatic and friendly and the vibe is pretty laid back in a voodoo biker hard core kinda way.  The TV plays either The Godfather or their FoodTV feature.  Pretty awesome place to hit up, especially after having a Philly cheesesteak at Pat's/Gino's.  Cash only.
I walk in to the tune of Regulate by Nate Dogg and Warren G. The Godfather part 2 is playing and the place screams ambiance. It's like this place knows me.

Rene is sitting by the door, on his phone. I've never actually met the guy, but he's legendary and so his reputation precedes him.  There's not much you are going to learn from my review that you won't get from everyone else's but if you haven't gone, you should go. While you're at it, bring a friend because this place is for the lovers, the dreamers, and me.
If you can catch this place when it is open, you are in for a treat.
Rene makes unbelievable drinks with his homemade chocolates. Noteably the variations of Dirty Volcanoes (the original, white, and spicy are all decadent). He will chat you up while describing the chocolates he is shaving on top of your drink, in a variety of neon colors and names (my fondest being the electric blue Love Chocolate). If you are nice, he will even give you a homemade truffle on the house. Rene once gave me a truffle coated in parmesan cheese and it was honestly to-die-for. The ambience is all over the place. Decorations are from all over the world (notably France) and lots of random things. There are a few computers and always people having interesting conversations.
All-in-all, this is a great way to end your date night after having dinner across the street at La Lupe!
What a cool little place this is. The decor is so neat and the people are so nice here. The snacks and beverages keep us coming back for more. They are located on 9th street in the Italian Market. We love coming down here and this is one of our favorite spots to visit. We will continue to frequent this establishment
This is the best place for a real cannoli and cup of coffee it is the best that I've had in Delaware County and philly Rene the owner an belle are the most friendliest people and just make you feel like family which even makes you feel more warm inside I'd highly recommend don't have a bad word to say but just go and say let's make this happen baby!
Have you ever had a party in your mouth? Have you ever wanted to know what your last drink should be? Have you ever considered what it would be like to reach nirvana or wish you had been touched by the Dalai Lama or the Pope? Look no further. Here at Rim Cafe any desires not fulfilled or tastes unsatisfied will be left out the door as you choose which tasty treat or beverage that will satiate your most gluttonous desires. We enjoyed the White Raspberry and the Chocolate Ganache Hot Chocolate...both were to die for. The owner could not be more friendly or enjoyable to be around!
This is not your typical hot chocolate.  Oh no, this is a production of the finest quality, hot chocolate to the nth level!  They put so much care, love, and precision into making every cup and the flavors are spot on delicious.  I went with the 80% ganache lava and my sister got the peanut butter one.  Into the cups went thick melted chocolate, caramel, spices, peanut butter, ground up nuts, bananas, strawberry, and blueberry blend.  Topped off with chocolate shavings!  What resulted was a concoction of pure magic and chocolatey bliss.  This was easily one of the top foodie finds in Philadelphia!!
I have to say that the hot chocolate does live up to the hype.   It's like eating a rich, high quality liquid candy bar.    As a result, I ordered a cappuccino chaser.  This was also exceptional.   I later learned that the "dirty" version includes coffee so maybe next time.   

This dark little cafe is filled with Godfather themed things as they call René The Godfather.   This is not a frou-frou place in terms of ambiance, but the hot chocolate is not cheap either.  If you are at Geno's or Pat's for a late night cheesesteak, then you can walk here.  Drinks are 5 stars; ambiance, not so much.

The cannoli are a bit different from the ones you get at the well known South Philadelphia bakeries.   

There is not much else to get here except chocolate candy so if you are in the mood for the 4Cs -coffee, candy, cannoli, and chocolate- stop in for the experience.
6 stars out of 5.

You won't ever pay more for your latte but you'll never taste one as good or have as much fun watching it be created than you will at the RIM cafe!
Stopped in here for some cannolis as a last minute Mother's Day gift to my mom and grandma. I was on my way to an appointment at my gym, so I asked if I could come back for them in a half hour or so. Rene, the owner, said of course, he would wrap them up for me in two separate bags, and they would be amazing. 

I came back 30 minutes later and Rene said they weren't ready yet. I was like, oh no, is he out of something or did he not have the packaging so I could get them to go? I needed another idea quick! He said, nope, he would whip them up for me no problem, but that he had waited so I could watch him MAKE IT HAPPEN. hehe It was awesome and he let me try bits of different things he was making and working on. I was hesitant for a sec to go with the full 5 stars because this place is pretty pricey, but for the full experience and how nice and enthusiastic the owner is, I wouldn't feel right going below that. It's most likely just not the type of place that you could afford every day.
Ridiculously decadent hot chocolate and mochas. Their espresso is pretty tasty, too (LavAzza). The super sweet barista must have put at least 3, if not more, different kinds of shaved chocolate on top of my drink. 

I am one of the unfortunate few to never have sampled their baked goods (my mother would disown me if I ever passed-up a cannoli, so I take it that since they've been sold-out whenever I'm in is a sign that their food is delicious). 

Like Kristin H. mentions in her review, it always looks like it's closed from the outside. Just push (shove!) the door open. Jazz musicians chillin' and playin' while I was last there...added to the atmosphere.
Hmm, so the volcano hot chocolate drinks here were okay... I got the dark lava ganache, which was very dark and quite bitter. I absolutely love dark chocolate, but this was kinda too bitter for me. I could see and taste the bitter roasted cocoa beans in the drink. While it wasn't bad, I don't think it's worth getting ($10). My friend got the Godfather tiramisu ($15). In some ways, I liked it better than the ganache because it was more balanced, with cold, refreshing whipped cream combined with warm, sweet tiramisu and chocolate. It was a bit too sweet for me though. The hot chocolates were more like warm ice-cream desserts than actual hot chocolates -- they were too thick to sip, and you have to use a spoon. Also, they weren't hot, just warm. 2.5 stars for the hot chocolates, but I'll give it 3 stars because the man made the hot chocolates right in front of us, and that was pretty cool and fun to watch. The drinks are really overpriced though. $10 for ganache and $15 for tiramisu?? The portions weren't even that big.

***MY ADVICE: Go to Sazon Venezuelan Restaurant for literally the BEST hot chocolate ever. It costs $8 (it's still expensive but cheaper than here), and the chocolate is incredibly fresh and is of FAR higher quality. 



The food treats, however, are another story. They were awesome! The chocolate peanut butter pretzel was amazing, my god, with lots of peanuts and peanut butter added generously to the top of the dark chocolate-dipped pretzel. I'm not a big fan of chocolate+peanut butter combinations, but this peanut butter was so soft, sweet, and creamy; it complemented the more bitter dark chocolate and the crunch of the pretzel really well. $6 for one pretzel is quite steep...but it's definitely 5 stars.  

The truffles are also 5 stars -- very delicious. It's $2 per truffle, or $10 for 6, but you can buy the $6-for-$10 deal on Yelp, so get that! We tried 3 different types: 
- Nutella hazelnut - my god, this is amazing. Nutella and hazelnut is the best combination, and this truffle embodies this combination perfectly. 
- Espresso dark mocha - mmm, such a deep, dark espresso! Very smooth. I think this is the most unique-tasting truffle here, and it's absolutely delicious.
- Dark chocolate pistachio - the most "normal" tasting truffle of the three we got. It tasted like frozen dark fudge and was quite sweet. Can't really taste any pistachio, except to feel the crunch toppings. Don't bother buying this one; it's just "regular" dark chocolate lol.

It's funny, dark chocolates are my favorite, but I would have to say that the nutella hazelnut is my favorite. The espresso dark mocha is a VERY close second. I guess it would depend on my mood -- the nutella hazelnut is lighter and the nuts make the taste and texture more exciting, while the mocha is much darker, more decadent, and very smooth. The dark chocolate pistachio just tasted a bit too much for me. Seems like when you order something from here that has a lot of dark chocolate, it really IS dark and bitter... a bit too much for me.
Can Rene get anymore amazing? No.
With a host like him, you can't go wrong.  A European cafe in the middle of the Italian/Mexican Market and Genos cheesetake utopia.

Great sweets and coffee selection with occasional live music. If there's no music, sit and chat with the host with the most!
Walked by this place many times and never would have thought to stop in.  Always thought it was a bar until I searched on Yelp for best hot cocoa in Philly.

Was it the best?  Not by a long shot.  My bf did love it though and would give it 4 stars.  I prefer the thicker and richer type.  At 7 bucks it's expensive but fine to share.  

Walked into a decorative place that smelled of good home Italian cooking, 80s music blaring and quite the decor complete with motorcycle inside.  The good smell of food didn't go with the good looking truffles and hot chocolate being made.
I would say it is definitely an experience  and worth making a stop at in Philly if just for watching the owner make the hot chocolate volcano.
Awesome how he shaves so many different flavored chocolate bars into your mug.  
For some reason the flavor just didn't do it for me, but everyone's hot cocoa taste is different!
You're shuffling over to a free table clutching the cheesesteak you got after 10 minutes of waiting in line at Geno's, trying to suck all the warmth out of it. After attempting to eat the steak with your gloves still on you look up across the street and see a sign on the corner that reads "Philly's best hot chocolate". You never did sit down, your butt has been frozen solid for nearly half an hour and the idea sounds painful. So after taking a few bites of your meal you convince your friends to trudge over to this promising oasis of warm, chocolaty goodness. 
You walk through the door and are transported to another place, another time, and quite possibly, someones living room/basement. A jolly man greets you at the counter and before you can utter what you want, begins talking of the wonders of chocolate. Without looking at the prices you order a volcano, the simplest hot chocolate on the menu and with a flourish, the mystery man behind the counter whips up your beverage with a flurry of chocolate shavings and whipped cream. 

Narrations aside, my experience at Rimcafe was amazing, Rene (the charmer behind the counter) is quite the barista and chocolatier. He got all the more excited when I pulled out my camera to document his show and one-upped my 40D with his 5D. He then took a picture of my dazzled companions and I and put it up on his facebook site. 
Yes, the prices are steep, but it's worth it. One of my best random Philly experiences and one I will never forget (can't really forget a $6 hot chocolate). They informed me that they have a 2 for 1 special on Tuesdays so that is when I'll be visiting next!
First time here was with my boyfriend for valentines day! Let's just say this place made our day! They are such happy people here and spread their joy to their customers! I love the enthusiasm! Every drink I've gotten here has been great! They are known for their hot chocolates but everything els is great too. I'd go with the surprise me if your totally lost. It's more than just ordering a drink here it's a show too!
sit down and enjoy the show.  rene is such an entertainer and his drinks are great.  i love taking people here who have no heard of RIM and watching the look on their faces when rene starts working his magic.
I've been following Rene, the owner, on The Rim Cafe's Facebook page for months, watched the videos of him making his delicious chocolate creations,and finally got here today!  Rene is a unique and loving individual who makes you feel so welcome!  I ordered the Salty Caramel Volcano Hot Chocolate.  It was magnificent.  My husband just wanted a cappuccino, but even THAT was extraordinary! Where else can you get marscapone artfully gracing the top of your cup??? 

I highly recommend this as a wonderful night cap after a night out with friends or your special someone.  Rene will "make it happen!"
I absolutely LOVE LOVE this place! The owner Rene welcomed my friend and I with open arms and a big smile on his face. We told him it was our first time here and he told us he was going to "make it happen and be a magical experience" and boy,  it was! We ordered the 5$ special drinks, the salted caramel latte and the iced hot chocolate. My friend and I were in love! It was the best chocolate ever! Very decadent and smooth. 
And to top it off, Rene gave us two free dark chocolate truffles! It was heaven! 

People may think it is a bit pricey but personally it was worth it with the delicious homemade chocolate as well as Rene's company. Rene is not like any other owner, he is personable and will entertain you throughout the whole night!

I am definitely coming back with my girlfriends here!
I stumbled upon Rim while walking back from Geno's. This place is beyond amazing. The owner, Rene is a gregarious happy man.  While he was artfully preparing my drink, he was talking to my boyfriend and I about his view on life and his older age. He is very optimistic, and it is very obvious that he enjoys creating his artistic drinks and making his customers happy. In addition to having such a cool owner, the drinks are outta this world...I swear, and this is coming from a former barista! 

I decided on a Raspberry Iced Cappucino (the picture outside drew me in!).  I sat and watched Rene make drink and I was in awe. After pouring the espresso into the cup, he followed it with the raspberry mix, and a chocolate bridge. He then very skillfully, poured the cappuccino milk and topped it off with a honey drizzle, and garnished with pistachios. It was amazing. It was so pretty I really didn't want to drink it. But I did. The flavors were great together, and the milk was creamy; it wasn't just poured milk in there like most places that say they make em are.

After devouring that in less than 3 minutes, I decided to try something else. Rene recommended I try the Tea Cappucino and I agreed. Again it was just as amazing. I loved it here so much, I made the bf take me and the bff here that same night! We ordered the lovers drink and Rene gave us some delightful truffles to enjoy with our drinks.  I have been thinking about this place ever since I left Philly...I wish there was a Rim Café here in the bay area. *sigh* I'll just have to wait til I head to the east coast again. Til next time, Rim Café!
Alright. So the place is totally wacky and the dude behind the counter, who I assume by everyone else posting is a man by the name of Rene, is equally as funny. 

The prices are a little too high for me but the volcano definitely was delicious. I recommend it if you wanna drop dough on a good hot chocolate. I still prefer hot chocolate from Sazon on Spring Garden and Naked Chocolate (all over the city but the main one at 13th & Walnut is the one I frequent).

For South Philly, there may not be as many options for coffee and hot chocolate so it does get good business, especially on crowded days.

I would only come back here if I stumbled upon it with a craving, but not something I'd seek. This is definitely a place I was disappointed in after reading so much about it on Yelp.
No visit to Philadelphia would be complete without a visit to RIM Cafe and seeing Rene "make it happen". Today was no exception. I brought my cousin Laura with me to experience a place I absolutely love. Laura was just as enthralled as I was. We had the most amazing hot chocolate drinks. Laura had the Salted Caramel ( a favorite of mine) and I had the Peanut Butter. Another amazing experience as hosted by the always gracious and vibrant Rene. RIM Cafe is a place like no other. The coffee, espressos, and specialty drinks are beyond amazing. The chocolate truffles add to the chocolately goodness. Anytime I find myself in Philly, which is never enough, I make it a point to head over to the RIM Cafe and see Rene. He is a wonderful host who makes everyone feel welcome and special. Taking friends or family there is something I really enjoy as well. I will be back in Philly in June, and you can rest assured there will be several visits ahead to the RIM Cafe. Tres Bien!!
Absolutely wonderful! Renè is so warm, welcoming and fun! He knows how to throw a party. The Rim cafe is perfect for all occasions. I've been here for valentines day, just for fun  & even a surprise birthday party for a friend with 15 ish people, the place is small but it worked and was a great time! I'm a big fan of the salted caramel hot chocolate. You must stop by and get a glimpse of the immense creativity going on at Rim Cafe ;D thank you René for bringing so much light to South Philly xo.
AMAZING!!!!!! Thank you yelp-ers for the recommendation because this seriously is the best place for hot chocolate (and a show). It was a lot of fun and you feel at home here. Especially if your grandparents grew up in south Philly. The decor is not like anything you've seen before but that's what makes it so great. Bring your friends and enjoy!  Ps worth the $9 for the hot chocolate!
Thee best espresso and hot chocolate!  Five denotes  for me awesome, and this place is,  you gotta just go for it.
If you're in the mood for hot chocolate and big personality, there's no better place in Philly to go. When we walked in, the owner of the place wasn't behind the counter - he was in the middle of the room playing the drums. Once we had ordered, he came back behind the counter to prepare our drinks, explaining every step of the way what he was putting into it. Then he told us a story about Andrea Bocelli, played us his appearance on Food Network, and made extensive use of his catch phrase, "Make it happen!" The thing that made it all work was that the owner was 110% genuine. He wasn't putting on an act to attract business - he really is just a big personality, and he spends all day doing what he loves.

It's pricy, and it can't possibly be good for you, but when you're in the mood for something extremely rich and for a memorable experience, this is where you should go.
Cool spot run by a real unique character. Rene is a great host and makes just about everyone that walks in the door feel welcomed and right at home. 

The volcano is delicious and worthy alone of making a stop at this coffee/dessert cafe. I love a good hot chocolate. This was thick like a moose and very rich. We tried a few different ones but I think the marshmellow brulee variation is the way to go.
I've been to RIM plenty of times...I've reviewed him as the most wonderful place I've ever been but this past weekend it just got better and i have to write about it. . . My boyfriend and I like to go there on our special dates, one because we love Rene and his delicious treats but two because of the atmosphere he creates. This weekend was different...We went in for coffee and came out engaged. Apparently my boyfriend and Rene have been working for a couple months to create the most wonderful engagement i could of ever asked for. My boyfriend proposed the idea to Rene a couple months ago and with no hesitation he said yes. Rene went above and beyond with everything....not only did he create a wonderful tower of chocolates and meringues (where my ring was hidden) but he gave his venue to host my surprise engagement party. He was such a wonderful host, he came out a couple times and played the drums to this Arabian like music that was just so much fun to dance to.  
A few things to say about Rim and Rene...the drinks and treats are extremely delicious and that is because he uses the best of the best...Rene not only is great owner he is a great host...he always makes you feel special even when he is busy....He goes out of his way to make you happy.....if you are looking for something different and just amazing for to RIM...and you will also gain a friend from it...and believe me Rene is someone you want to meet...he will change your life...he definitely changed ours.
This is not your Typical Cafe....this is in its own category ...a Magical Cafe with a Spectacular Host. Rene :)
This is not Starbucks.  If you want Starbucks, just don't come here.  Go back to the mall.

If you want a little taste of Europe, a unique atmosphere, and a charming experience, come visit Rene.  Try a Cappucino Creme.   Or just listen to him lecture his employee on how to make a proper macchiato - maybe that was just the one time.  But I loved it anyway.  A man who loves his craft, and coffee that makes this fact obvious.
"Make it Happen"-Rene

Rene I love you! You make my heart warm!!!The 1st day I visited my friend and I went in and was immediately greeted by Rene. I had a long day at the range and was in stress mode. All of that went out the door when I was greeted.
I ordered the White Chocolate Volcano & Cappuccino Brulée. I was in tears. Rene made us some fresh Caramel and gave us some treats to try. How I love this place and Rene. There are days where there is live music and events. There are many pictures and items to view. 

Rene & Rim Cafe creates an experience. Prices are very true to the items actually they are fairly low. Experience is everything so price means nothing. Rene and staff go above and beyond to "Make it Happen".

You will enjoy every bit of this place. He is truly a "God-Father". Any day I feel down I try to go visit. Thanks for everything Rene & Rim Cafe.
What an experience this place is!! More than just desserts! They have a great offering of house-made baked goods, coffee drinks and "wait, there's more"... artisan hot chocolate! 

I can't believe I haven't been to this place sooner since I live just a short walk from 9th Street. A friend took me here last week for hot chocolate and I was so impressed and loved everything I tasted. 

We had three different hot chocolates and shared them among a few friends. Peanut Butter, Spicy Caramel Chocolate and a 'surprise' which was the Geno's Wizz. No, there was not yellow cheese wizz... It had a sweet creamy mascarpone cheese topping on melted hot milk chocolate. The hot chocolates are a little on the prier side (about $7 average) but that is because there is a lot of care that goes into making one. I think it is worth it! 

The chocolate truffles in the case are all handmade by the owner. I can't wait to go back and try some. Everything looks fresh and smells so good.
This is a coffee shop that doesn't look so nice outside but once you got in, you'll definitely feel the good vibe!  love the ambiance inside. so chill. we tried the Rooibos Red Tea soo good but a bit pricey $7 for a cup of tea. Service is good. they're very friendly.
Rene is a God amongst mere coffee shop owners. He will magically create your drink in front of you with singing and yelling, spinning and fancy pouring, and will chat you up all the while. He'll probably take pictures of you, and you'll wonder whats going on, and then he'll send them to you on Facebook and they'll be the best pics of yourself youve ever seen. The ambiance is just amazing, the drinks and chocolates are amazing, and it completely exemplifies the word unique. And yet, even at the mellow pace of an artisan, I was in one time when a group of 25 people on a city food tour came in and asked for 25 volcanoes (hot chocolates) and, without blinking, turned and yelled out "I'm-a gonna make it happen!". Just perfect.
Best cafe, dessert that I have ever had in my entire life...

The owner is such a big deal lol he pretty much did a show for us while making the drinks....

Love love love this place and try to go everytime I go to Philly
This was a great afternoon.   I was looking for a place to sit and get some work done on a Friday afternoon, and this place was recommended by my son who lives in South Philly.    Wow!   This is my new home away from home....

Rene is the consummate host, and the cappuccino was off the charts.   Free wireless, no pressure, and I have been working for several hours here and am thinking about skipping dinner with my family and just eating something scrumptous here....

Check this place out - you will love it!
Such a unique experience... Not my first time but always wonderful... Kid friendly... So original and authentic..appreciate the wonderful service from Belle The true Kamis that we are lucky to have us our specialist for the most incredible hot chocolate you will have in your life! Homemade truffles and Sicilian canolis at a French cafe!!
Make it happen baby!!!! Wow wow wow, talk about a one of a kind place. The most electric man in the world making beautiful creations of chocolates, hot chocolates and coffee drinks. Oh wait, and the cannolis too which I had 4 of. This is a wonderland for chocolate people and the real life Willy wonka is here. Rene puts on a show while making incredible and balanced hot chcolates. Take a look at his wheel. Years of shaved chocolates settled  in the most beautiful pedestal to make creations on. You can't go wrong with anything that you get here. Born in France Rene understands the line of sweet and slightly savory. I had hot chocolate that was so thick and rich but not too sweet that I just fell in love with my boyfriend all over again when I was drinking it and looking at him. The cannolis are to die for. No matter what shell you get, you can't go wrong. Everyone knows what really matters, the cream filling. Hands down the best filling I've had, so creamy and not too sweet, I had my doubts but I'm a believer. That night I regained my beliefs in magic and the existence of unicorns. If you're lucky when you're there you might get to witness Rene making his salted caramel on a large block of Himalayan salt. Yes seriously, he does it right there and with a blowtorch. He's always putting a show up on Facebook live and it's worth watching. This guy knows his chocolate and it may be one of the most impressive places to go in the US. Bingo baby!!!!
One of our favorite places to go on a cold winter evening! Rene has so much personality and makes our experience at RIM Cafe so unique and fun! My daughter loves sitting on the high stools watching Rene make her hot chocolate (marshmallow volcano is her favorite) fresh right before her eyes. 

The decor is so interesting that I always find new things to admire that I missed during my last visit. Such a great atmosphere and nothing beats Rene's volcanos!
Mmmm...late snack after a long day at work.  Today's date we treated ourselves to hot chocolate made to perfection.  Not only the hot chocolate was perfect, but the yummy Connolly which are home made.  
Th he atmosphere is always cool and fun at Rim cafe.  Music is always playing in the background and watching the creator created the yumminess is always fun.  One will always feel welcome and part of the Rim cafe family.
Love this place and will continue to come by for the deliciousness.
I'd come here just for the atmosphere, but it helps that they have THE BEST HOT CHOCOLATE IN THE WORLD. Well, best I've tried in my life - and I'm always on the prowl for good hot chocolate. I love the shaved chocolate bits on top (especially the bits with papaya), Rene makes them himself. While at  around 10 bucks, it really isn't the cheapest cup around, you really are paying for the entire experience. Rene is absolutely delightful, and often shows great things on the TV screen (funny videos to Pavarotti and Frank Sinatra to Michael Jackson), sometimes beating the drums. He makes it happen. I try to make a monthly pilgrimage to RIM Cafe, usually more often than that. A long travel for me, but it's worth it.
Rene provides you with an incredibly unique and delicious experience. The salty caramel hot chocolate was awesome! We also received a surprise dessert for my wife's birthday. This place is a must visit in Philly.
Wow! I had won a gift certificate for this place in 2012 and just got around to going yesterday. I wish I hadn't waited that long! This place is great!!! I had an Espresso Volcano and my friend had the Spice Caramel Volcano and we each had a canolli. Everything was so delicious. The atmosphere of this place is so unique and fun. The owner is hilarious and definitely "made it happen" for us yesterday. Don't be a fool, check this place out!
My daughter and I went all the way from Virginia to visit Rim Cafe. We arrived on Saturday morning and the cafe opens at 12:00 PM. We walked for an hour in the neighborhood until it opened. We were greeted by a very nice lady then Rene came. He was singing and playing the drums. We felt at home and walked around as if we have been in the cafe before. Rene gave us to taste a round cake ball that was so good. My daughter had the volcano hot chocolate and she loved it. I'm not much of a hot chocolate person but i had a taste and could drink the whole cup. I ordered Capacinno and it was so good. We took pictures with Rene and hung around for a while. He gave us a taste of a salami chocolate which is chocolate that looks like Salami. The trip was worth it and I would definitely drive back just to go to Rim cafe.
