This place is a true neighborhood gem thats worth a trip over here just for their pizza. Authentic Roman style pizza that was praised by a real Italian (no joke my friend was visiting from Florence, Italy and said it was one of the best he's ever had). Flavorful, crisp, and airy, this pizza will not disappoint. In fact, as I type this, my mouth is watering so I have to cut this short so I can go grab myself a slice before they close! 

Lots of veggie or meat options and reasonably priced slices. Something for everyone. Do yourself a favor and forgo the soggy oily pizza that is found all around town and come visit this authentic home grown Roman style pizzeria. I mean, where else are you going to get pizza thats made from dough that has risen 72 hours?
Pizza al taglio is a Roman specialty and Philly now has an independent eatery specializing in this treat. Al taglio means by the slice and what is offered here is indeed gourmet pizza sold by the slice. There are many different combination toppings starting with their best-seller - the Diavalo Pizza. This is spicy soppresatta with tomato sauce, mozzarella, parsley, and olive oil....all familiar toppings in the pizza universe. It indeed is good although I didn't find the soppresatta very spicy.  But now for the real highlight - the salsiccia and rapini with broccoli rabe, mozzarella, pecorino, and olive oil. This is one of the most tasty pizzas I have ever eaten.  And of course the pizza crust which requires 72 hours to rise is excellent - just flavorful and crispy enough with an airy texture.  Def try this pizza ... you'll thank me later!

The atmosphere for eating in is fine with European football on TV. Condiments and free water are provided.  Service is extremely friendly and the owners are present to insure everything goes well.  Pizza al taglio at Rione will cost a bit more than slices from a big pizza pie elsewhere ... but I think you will def find interesting the various topping combinations and enjoy the totally good quality.
So from my trips to Rome, my pizza experience wasn't like this...

Rione's style is unique in Philly and well-executed for the slow-rise, airy, crisp crust. 

But the toppings I've found to be hit or miss. Classic margherita is good but the great - I always end up with a slice with one piece of cheese on it. The potato pizza was not impressive because potato does not sit well and it looked like that pie had been sitting a while. The potatoes got a bit tough and dry. 

Most flavors have some kind of pork, so that's limiting for some people. And you never really know which flavors they'll have when you get there since I've been there and half of the flavors were empty.
Came into Rione on their soft opening weekend and was immediately excited as soon as I walked in the door. Each slice seemed better than the rest! So many unique flavors that I've only seen in specialty Italian markets outside of Italy itself. I chose the tri colorè and the diavola (it was a very tough decision though!) and was not disappointed. The crust is perfectly crunchy and each bite was more flavorful than the next. A piece of Italy with each bite! 

The aesthetic of this place is almost as good as the food itself. It's minimalist decor reminds you that you're in Italy while still being a chic slightly hipster vibe that you'd want in a date spot. From the Italian sparkling water to the Italian sports teams playing in the background everything played into the scene. The owner worked the register and provided a friendly smile with every transaction and clear dedication to the business by serving every customer herself. The rest of the staff was also very helpful and nice. Exactly what you'd expect by a strong female business owner! 

Just when you thought this place couldn't get any better, it's BYOB. Can't wait to come back.
I really like this place, however, do not go in expecting Roman pizza. They are as close as I have found in Philly, but the crust isn't nearly as thin and crispy and they don't cut the the pieces to order/ charge by weight as they do in most Roman Pizzerias. 

That being said, great slices with really cool options. I got the Carbonara and the one with eggplant and Parmesan. Both were awesome. They also sell suppli which is homemade and quite good but over priced at $3 for a very small serving of one per order (roughly the size of a finger). In total, my order cost about $11 for 2 slices and a suppli.

The staff is very friendly and nice. They have tables and bar seating as well as gender neutral bathrooms and a free water dispenser. Accepts credit cards.
First time trying Roman style pizza. The crust is so airy and light it reminds me of a focaccia! I love the texture it's so easy to digest and I don't feel stuffed after eating about 2 slices. I'm usually a fan of flat bread pizza and dislike the thick chicago style deep dish. Depends on what kind of pizza dough you like you'll have different opinion on this pizza place. But if you like focaccia bread, this is your place! 

We tried the ham & mushroom pizza slice, truffle pizza slice, and the carbonara slice. They were all really good but the topping is very lacking. I was hoping there would be more toppings on the Pizza but that's my strange personal preference. I've yet to really find a pizza place that's impressed me with their quantity of toppings. The bread and flavors were all good though - but nothing spectacular. 

My boyfriend told me they usually will sprinkle some oregano/spice and then add some fresh basil after they toast your pizza. They didn't do that for me...  *Ask about that when you go, I'm sure it'll add good flavor to the pizza.
Rione must also mean delicious in Italian, because this stuff is the bomb. While I have tried other pizza al taglio places in town and  felt as I have been thrown down the rabbit hole (no names mentioned) because the pizza was just so-so, Rione really hits the spot. I love their burrata, fig, and prosciutto pizza when it's in season, but you can always enjoy the Proscuitto Crudo anytime. Rione also has great Margherita, and the Diavola is spicy (but not too much) and yummy too. Friendly employees and great service mean that I will be in wonderland when I come back here!
This is not my pizza place. 

I have no issue with the staff, I just don't think I should be paying $3.50 for a slice of pizza to be REHEATED ala Wawa toasting machine (or at least something similar). There are tons of varieties of  pizza and the cashier was more than willing to walk me through the options. It's just with the abundance of fast, cheap, and tasty pizza places in Philadelphia, Rione is not a place to go and seek out that perfect slice. 

The pizza I ordered was the regular old margarita pizza - something every pizza shop should have nailed. Since this slices are square and silician looking, I was hoping for some chew in the crust. Due to the reheating of the pizza in a toaster there was no chew. The crust is very thick but also crispy. This might be my personal preference but it doesn't work for me.
Philly has tons of pizza options but this roman style pizza joint has recently caught my eye (and stomach). The pizza is sold by the slice and the ambience is more casual than other restaurants with similar menus. The pizza itself is crisp, light, and non-greasy. If you take it to go (like I did), just pop it in the oven for a few minutes and you have a fabulously fresh, crispy pizza slices. 

1) Eggplant - the most flavorful of the 4. Highly recommended!! 
2) Potato and rosemary - interesting combination, didn't love it but didn't hate it. 
3) Marinara - perfect, as expected. 
4) Tomato pie - too dry, I would have enjoyed it more with more sauce. 

Rione, welcome to the Philly pizza scene!
This might just be my new favorite pizza place. The dough is really different from most other places...it's incredibly airy and light. And they have pretty awesome meat as well as vegetarian pizza-by-the-slice options. I recently tried Patate e Salsiccia (potatoes, rosemary, sausage), Parmigiana (tomato sauce, mozzarella, eggplant), and Diavola (spicy salami, tomato sauce, mozzarella, parsley) - all delicious. Can't wait to try some of their other selections!
Heard lots of great things about Rione. Seeing people walking past daily with Rione take out boxes got me thinking is something real good. So I decided to give it a try today since I was looking around for my lunch spot.

Rione is located on 21st street between Chestnut and Sansom in Rittenhouse. Many of you know stores in this area is pretty small, Rione is one of them.

I order an slices of each: Patate E Salsiccia, Carciofi E. Spinaci, and Salsiccia E. Rapini. I believe these were the names but if not, plz forgive me..... I took a few bites off each of these slices bc I was starving. I didn't like all the ingredients each slice have. Kinda like it is too much weird flavor in one bite. Or maybe it is my tastebuds being off, IDK. But I couldn't eat the rest so I threw them away.

Reason for the 2 stars. The staff were friendly and helpful. Inside were very clean and neat.
A little taste of Rome in Rittenhouse!!
Loving this new Roman-style pizza! Fresh hip new pizza joint west of the square. The pizza is displayed in rectangular stripes under glass on a long wood counter. It's an eye-catching view from the large glass front street window as you walk by. 
The staff is very friendly, happy and chatty. Great vibe!
The restaurant is surprisingly big, in the back behind the kitchen, the space opens into a grouping of wood tables. 
We gobbled up a few different slices, all delicious! The slices are served on fun little metal trays. The pizza is a bridge between focaccia and regular pizza, and is awesomely crunchy. If you are a 'toast' lover like me, this is right up your alley! I also had an arugula salad, nice and big too! 
In my hood, so will be back soon to try more combos!!!
Philly has grown into a pizza town. My original top 5 pizza spots included: Beddia, Vetri (ritt not Callowhill), In Riva, Zavino and Nomad (barely over Tacconelli's). This pizza is very Roman-esq, as I imagine many other reviewers have noted. This slides into the #2 slot, only because Beddia is somewhat of an enigma. 
The pizza is reminiscent of Bonci in Rome, but the dough is WAY better. This is a solid choice for Philly pizza. As noted, the dough is top notch, and unlike others in Philly, the variety is great. I wouldn't recommend passing this spot up. Very good mix of old world style with a dash of modern flair. Plus, it's BYO, where can you go wrong? Will def be back.
Stopped in during their soft opening and was pleasantly surprised. Having never had roman style pizza prior to this I was intrigued to see the difference. The owners are friendly and motivated and I went with two recommendations, potato with sausage and mushroom with prosciutto. The crust was light and airy and both were delicious. The decor is comfortable and clean. Look forward to coming back in the future. Definitely recommend!
Second time here but this time, I dined in and I have no choice but to up my rating to a 5! The area is spacious and fits around 5 tables and two large screen TVs. You order, pay and get seated while the slices are warmed up to the perfect crispy texture and served directly to the table in a metal tray. The pizza was even better than I remember it tasting when I took it to go. My favorite vegetarian slices include Margarita, eggplant, and spinach + artichoke. 

Rione, so excited to have you part of the Philly food scene!
When I walked into Rione and saw the crowd of locals who were drinking wine, eating pizza, and watching the soccer (football) game, I had a feeling this place would be special.

Upon entering Rione, patrons are greeted with all of the freshly baked pizzas and the agony of choosing a slice begins. There are plenty of veggie-centered options (eggplant looked especially good), as well as a couple of over the top flavors (carbonara pizza, anyone?) and meat options (such as diavola). I chose the diavola (~$3.50) which was blessed with thick, crispy crust that still managed to hold up the cheese and delicately sliced spicy pepperoni. One slice was the perfect size for an afternoon pick-me-up/light lunch.

The clean, bright interior with friendly staff, diverse seating, plenty of open space (for the lunchtime crowd), and a jug of self-serve water topped off the entire experience and definitely made me want to come back for more.
Try the Trufolata, and try the Tricolore. I'd say it's a good spot for a light lunch. Came with a friend on a Wednesday afternoon; parking was a bit of a struggle, but I guess that's pretty much anywhere in the city.

They had the three slice lunch special for $9, not a bad lunch deal at all. My friend and I tried a bunch of different slices, but the slice with truffle and mushrooms (Trufolata), and the slice with pesto (Tricolore) were by far the best. The slice we tried with potato and rosemary was fine, but just kind of not something you can have more then a bite or two of. I found their standard tomato pie a bit bland, and even the one with meat on it didn't really elevate the tomato pie at all.

When we first came in, they gave us a whole spiel about how the dough took 72 hours to make, and while the dough was good, I wouldn't have really noticed either way. The staff was very friendly, and the place is a bit hipster, but nice and clean. For a light lunch, for sure you might wanna give this place a try. 

Food (B-), Pricing (C-), Atmosphere (B+), Service (B-)
Mucho disappointing.  I was excited to see a new, interesting pizza place in the neighborhood and I went here for lunch during work last week.  Unfortunately, this was one of the worst pizzas I've had in recent memory (rivaled by a Sbarro's in Charlotte airport).  I think they are too busy worrying about fancy toppings and forgot to focus on the basics like dough or how long the slices have been sitting out.  The best way I can describe the pizza is "cardboardy" and "reminds me of a school lunch pizza".  The premises were clean and relatively inviting, but the 'za did not live up to the branding.  If you're in the area looking for some grub, save your time and money and go next door to Poi Dog or Tampopo
Wow, Rione's pizza is different from most I've ever had. And it's also some of the best. 

To me, any pizza is largely defined by its crust, and, for me, the crust has to be crisp. In fact, over the years I've grown to really like the kinds of pizza places that sell by the slice and reheat the slice to order, which I've found makes for a nice crunch. I know, I know, as an entitled millennial, aren't I supposed to want a whole pizza made to order just for me? Nope, I want that crunch. Rione follows a similar format, in that the pizzas are all laid out for your choosing, then the slices you order are reheated to order. This results in a perfectly crunchy crust.

The dough here is slowly risen, which results in a more interesting and complex flavor, almost like a sourdough but not too much. It's also airy and bubbly, giving a soft pillow-like foundation for the toppings and also contrasting really well with the crunchy bottom. 

I've had several different slices here and really loved all of them. My favorite is the diavola, basically their take on a pepperoni pizza slice. The best part, though, is the spicy soppressata they use, which is actually pretty spicy. It gives an awesome kick. 

The eggplant pizza is also very good, with very thinly sliced eggplant on top. Because it's sliced so thin--almost to be transparent--the result is more of a mellow eggplant flavor, almost fragrant, as opposed to something like meaty eggplant chunks. It works great. 

The potato and rosemary is also great, and the carbs-on-carbs of potato-on-pizza is kept light by the fragrant rosemary, which isn't overpowering, but does round out the flavors. 

And, you know what, the vegan tomato-topped slice is perfect, too. With their perfect crust, Rione tops it with their perfect sauce and it shines. The tomato sauce is clean, a little acidic, bright, and well seasoned. You may expect this to be boring, but it's not.

These are the slices I can remember off the top of my head, but trust me when I say that I'll probably try everything Rione offers. In addition to the pizzas, Rione has fried cheese croquettes that look amazing, but I haven't tried them yet. There are even salads, but, come on, who wants that?

Aside from the food, Rione is pretty big! There's a good amount of seating and I've never seen this place get full of diners. The clean, modern design is warm and pleasant to eat in. TVs on the wall play tennis from around the world. And every interaction I've had with the staff has been really nice. They are extremely nice, warm, welcoming, professional, and courteous. 

The last thing I'll praise on here is the price. I never spend more than $10 here for perfect pizza. It's a cheap lunch at two slices, or an even cheaper snack with just one slice.
Tasty by the slice pizza. Definitely not the best in phila but definitely up there with regard to pizza you can get by the slice. The carbonara was a big hit as was the diavolo. The broccoli rabe slice was only okay. I most likely won't be back just because nomad is so much better but certainly worth trying if you are a regular pizza-eater (and if you're not what is wrong with you!).
I'm so adamant about not liking pizza from philly because let's be honest, most of it is not passable for pizza in NJ standards. However, I will be returning here. Their model reminds me of jule's pizza where you pick a healthy slice of your pizza and they warm it up for you until it's the perfect temperature and has a wonderful crunchy crust. 

Simple on the inside with a few flatscreens sprinkled in the dining area. Great for take out or a quick bite. Lots of different pizzas to choose from, and a bunch of old Italian guys kept coming in when I was here. That's when you know the pizza is good.
More of a 3.5, but I'll round up because the service was good and the employees were pleasant. Good flavors overall, but the pizza is sitting out by the slice and has to be warmed/baked. My wife and I tried five different slices. My favorite was the carbonara, as the flavors were on point. My wife liked the one called tri calore (I think it's called). There was a thinly sliced potato pizza that I found to be the puzzling and bland flavor of the bunch.

Prosciutto pizza was good, not great. The zucchini pizza was tasty.

Overall, I thought the crust was the best part of the pizza. I wished I'd asked for a fresh slice - if that's not offered, it should be. I would have waited the 10 minutes or so for a pipin' hot fresh slice.
Rione is seriously delicious!  The crust is probably my favorite i've had for pizza.  I will say the salads are SUPER underrated.  This arugula salad is so simple and done so right.  The parm is sharp, the pine nuts are always good and the dressing is the perfect amount of sweetness.  I am obsessed
I felt this was decent Roman-style pizza.

I had three slices. The dough/crust is spectacular. The crust is crisp while the crumb itself is impossibly light and chewy.

However, I found the topping underwhelming. The cheese was sparse. The white sauce on of the slices was not flavorful enough.

The bottom line is that they are trying to do too artistic pies. My recommendation is that they forget the traditional Roman style (I even found Bonci in Rome to be just ok) and load this awesome dough up with gruyere/provolone/mozzarella blend, fresh red sauce, and some hearty meat and vegetable toppings. 

I left feeling like this is just not living up to its full potential.
Roman style pizza served in square slices. The pizza was good, had one with sausage and broccoli rabe. The service was really congenial and food was served fast. I really like the crust of the pizza as it is thinner and did not leave me feeling overly stuffed. Would go here again if in need of a quick lunch.
It's almost impossible to find Roman pizza like this. I've been a fan of Bonci, the king of Roman pizza, and this stands up to that quality! The offerings were changing as we were there standing in line (yes, they have lines) the toppings were simple and tasty! The dough is light, crunchy and very flavorful. Keep in mind they just opened, and they're still figuring out a good service flow, but I'll defiantly return to try more toppings!
Rittenhouse Square is one of those places that is a culinary revelry, and I'm happy to say that I've tried and have enjoyed many spots on its elaborate food map. But of late whenever I've been in that area there's only been one thing that I've found myself craving, and that's a slice or two of impressive pizza's from Rione!

For me, when it comes to pizza I'm all about those slices that are hip to be square that are made so good by places like Santucci's (Which I'm still somehow VERY belated in reviewing. Soon!). But the perfectly prepared Roman style pizza al taglio that Rione delivers even manages to give the old guard of that regard a serious run for its money! And with traditional slices like a damn good margherita, slices inspired by Italian classics like carbonara and eggplant parm, and then some, it makes some pretty amazing slices that come immediately into sight as you walk in the door.

Some of my favorite slices include:

Cotto E Funghi - This funghi is a very FUN GUY with his ham, mushrooms, and Parm Reggiano!

Carciofi E Spinaci - Artichoke and spinach combine to form a very solid veggie pizza!

Patate E Salsiccia - Sauage and potatoes on a pizza with extra rosemary? Yes please!

Polpette - meatballs and Parm Reggiano make this pizza a king!

Prosciutto Crudo - Prosciutto Di Parma and burrata reunited on an amazing pizza with arugula.

When your blinded by so many amazing pizza options upon walking in, you miss details like them serving sandwiches loaded with porchetta, and desserts like tiramisu and cannoli. And now that I know of their weekday lunch special that lets you grab any 3 for $9, I have even more reason to make the most out of my lunch time!
Let me start my review with a bit of background: I love pizza, particularly pizza by the slice (as it is offered here), and as a consulting and research scientist, I also have a very strong background in fermented foods (and fermented nutritional supplements as well). Of course, in part because of the fact that I am a scientist who works with fermented foods and nutritional supplements, I am well aware of the health benefits of eating fermented foods, and of the even far more powerful health benefits afforded by long-fermented grain products such as long-fermented pizza dough.

I should also mention that I have, in the past, made batches of long-fermented sourdough bread where the dough had been fermented for 3 to 4 days before cooking the loaf. In fact, it is safe to go further and say that I am a connoisseur of long-fermented breads and other dough-based products. The flavor and texture of long-fermented dough products alone make them stand out heads and shoulders above other baked products, and the added nutritional benefits are just one more plus!

I first discovered this unique and worthy shop while on a walk one morning while visiting Philadelphia a few years ago. When I walked in to check out the shop, I was stunned, and incredibly pleased, to discover that they make the dough for all of their pizza and other dough-based products only using long-fermentation methods, wherein the dough is allowed to ferment for at least 72 hours before baking! Yummy! 

Since that time, every time that I visit Philadelphia -- which is usually twice per year, for about 7-8 days per stay -- I always visit this shop to pick up a few slices of pizza, which I then bring back to my room, where I eat as much as I can, and then the rest goes in the fridge for later meals.

The quality of this pizza, and particularly of the dough, is nothing short of amazing and incredible. The dough is so light and fluffy, and yet so tasty, that it seems almost impossible that such an incredible food actually exists, and these characteristics are all due entirely to the long fermentation time and the high-quality products used in making the dough (and the toppings as well).

In fact, it is 12:40 PM as I write this review, and one hour ago I walked from my hotel to this shop to purchase a few slices of their pizza to go. I then walked the box a few blocks back to my hotel room, where I devoured almost 3 slices, and the remainder went into my fridge.

I can honestly say that I have never tasted a better pizza dough, nor a better fermented bread or sourdough bread product than the dough/crust in this pizza, anywhere in the world. This shop is my sole go-place for pizza made with long-fermented dough.  

My only regret is that they do not offer loaves of bread made with this dough! It would be downright incredible! In fact, I also wish that they would consider offering for sale, via the web, frozen loaves of partially-cooked long-fermented bread and pizza crust, and if they did, I would probably purchase a dozen frozen loaves per month, to be delivered via Fedex or UPS to my rural home in the Appalachian mountains!

In closing, all that I can say is that the texture, taste and flavor of this pizza is amazing! BTW, all staffers whom I have encountered are unfailingly helpful and polite.
Despite all the rave reviews, I just found Rione to be "meh." I was really hoping for something good, to be honest. Alas, I was a bit disappointed. Rione's claim to fame seems to be that their dough is left to rise for a full 72 hours, which supposedly allows it to get really light and airy when cooked. Now, I will freely admit that the dough was pretty darn good. Unfortunately, the rest (talking about toppings) does fall a little short. I don't eat pork products, and since almost all of the meat slices feature some type of pig on top, I was pretty much restricted to the vegetarian section.

I tried two different slices at Rione - the margherita and the potato, or "patate". Both were on the bland side, but the potato slice definitely stood out from the two. While I would eat that one again - it actually had some sort of flavor, the margherita was just downright awful. I've never encountered a tomato sauce that had so little flavor. In fact, the only thing you really tasted when eating that slice was the basil on top. Had the sauce been on point, Rione would definitely have gotten a higher ranking from me.
Best pizza in center city!!! Whenever I'm downtown I go out of my way to get this pizza! Every slice is incredible! The Diavola is my favorite! It's like a spicy type of pepperoni! Also, this is the first time I've ordered a salad and it's the perfect complement to their pizza! The arugula salad is simple and delicious with a lemon dressing! So glad this place exists!!!!
Just stopped by this new spot in Rittenhouse to try out their pizza. The place is cute and clean and has a section where you can sit down to eat and even bring a bottle of wine! They have only been open a few days so I think they are still working out the kinks. I got an eggplant slice and a potato slice. They are about $3 a slice- a little steep but didn't seem too crazy. The crust itself was delicious- crispy, thick and flavorful in all the best ways. The eggplant Slice was really good. The potato one was a bit confusing.....no cheese or sauce or anything-just literally crust and thinly sliced potatoes. Would not get that again. They only had 3 kinds of pizza out and said they are still working out the menu. Would love if they added a cheese or maybe a white sauce to the potato pizza? I'm looking forward to coming back and trying some more pizza!
I want to give Rione a good rating because the concept and quality are a much-needed addition in the area. However, when you order four slices (for $15) and only three are found in the box upon returning home, it makes it difficult to rate. I'm willing to give them a second chance, but will certainly check the box before leaving the store!
The pizza is delicious. The crust is airy in the middle but crunchy on the bottom.  This is my kind of crust.  I got the white pizza slice with bacon and the flavors were phenomenal.  My buddy got the margarita and liked the sauce a lot. The seating area seats about 20, and packs in fast during lunch. The service is really attentive.  You order by the slice. I am not sure if full pies are even an option here.  I highly recommend trying the pizza here. It is different than most of the pizza in Philly. The place claims that it's Roman style pizza. I've had the pizza in Rome and I think the texture of this pizza is different. Regardless, this pizza is out of this world.  I cant wait to have more. There goes my diet.
We've been to this place three times now and each time we have tried a different topping: zucchini, potato, and tomato. Maybe we're just coming too late in the day and the pizzas have been sitting out too long, or maybe the pieces we had weren't reheated long enough for the flavors to come alive, but we have felt the pizza to be just OK--and that is a shame because usually we love this style of pizza. I want this family-owned business to succeed but I don't think it will become part of our family's regular rotation unless we're super close by, and peckish, and want just one small slice, erm, square.
Not you typical pizza, but oh so good!  This Roman style pizza is so airy, crunch, and chewy all at once, that you will be swept off your feet and imagining yourself in the heart of Rome.  All the flavors are unique and flavorful, and the toppings are always fresh.  Don't be turned away by the fact that they reheat the pizza, just look at it as completing pizza perfection.  The mushroom and ham (Cotto e Funghi) is our favorite and always leaves us craving for more!

Enjoy!
This is a revision of my previous review which was very critical, but honest.

I've eaten here four times. The first time was not a good experience, however, the three successive times were much improved. The crispy crust is the best part of this pizza, but I will warn you that when the crust is not crispy, the character of the slice changes. (read: eat your slices there, don't get it to go!) My favorite slice here is the Diavola, which still looks like a fancy pepperoni slice to me, but the owner corrected me and said it's soppressata, which is kind of, sort of, but not quite pepperoni. The sauce is on the sweet side. Sometimes there is a lot of soppressata on a slice, which is a real treat.

My criticism of my first experience was based on one of my slices being skimpy on the ingredients, but I will retract my judgement by saying that you could look at it like that's the charm of getting pizza like this. Each slice is different, just like sliced squares of pecan pie tart or raspberry tart. Some people like the end pieces, others like the middle. I'll know that if I get pie or tart like this, I'll always want a middle piece with the most ingredients.

There are many different pizza options on display. Some of the more interesting looking ones are the potato and sausage slices, the ham and mushroom slices, and the slices with lots of green peppers on top. I don't think there are any loser pies here, because every pie has its fans. The eggplant slice was very good. The margherita could've been better (again, pick the slice you want rather than let the server pick it for you). The Diavola is the clear winner of the marinara slices.

Unlike other food places on the same block, Rione put some thought into their seating area, which is much appreciated.  Two television screens grace the walls and lots of tables for two as well as seats for six are available. There was a lot of hype surrounding the opening of this place, so maybe my expectations were too high going in.
Rione is a great fast casual Roman style Pizza joint. Serving up authentic Pizza Al Taglio, suppli, salads and desserts. They have a wide selection of beautiful topped pizza by the square. Many different meat, veggie and cheese options. 

Today we tried one of their suppli (arborio rice, tomato sauce, ground beef, mozz and bread crumbs). Really crispy, cheesy and filled with flavor. Next we tried the Patate Pizza (rose marino potatoe, rosemary and mozz). The Parmigiano Pizza (eggplant, tomato sauce, mozz and parmigano). Also the Salsiccia e Rapini Pizza (sausage, broccoli rabe, mozz, pecorino and evo). Also the Carbonara Pizza (pancetta, egg sauce, pecorino and black pepper). First appearance the pizza is beautiful, the toppings were very flavorful and the crust was crispy and soft all at the same time. Outstanding. If you have not tried Roman style pizza, you must try this place!
Perfect for a cheap, fast casual bite when in the Rittenhouse area. My favorites are the Diablo's and the carbonara. Dinner for $8! 

I would even venture to say Rione is the best pizza I've had in Philly. None of that wildly thin crust oozing with grease from cheap cheese--this is the food quality stuff. Decently thick crust, wide variety of meat and vegetarian flavors, a bunch of seating room. Love this place!
Decent interpretation of Al Taglio. Definitely on the pricey side for slices. Given nobody else does Al Taglio, it's fair to consider it the only game in town. Not a place I'd rush back to and not a place I'd refuse. They do seem to invest a lot of care into their product and the ferments look good on Instagram - perhaps I just had an okay experience.
Hands down the best pizza in Philly. It's not your ordinary super cheesy, soggy dough fare though. This pizza has substance and style. And it is fantasy worthy. Seriously. I think about having the pizza and just get happy. 

There is pizza for everyone, meat lovers, vegetarians, vegans, and what ever else your palate desires. 

Remember, this isn't your ordinary slices that you think of from the movies or a cafeteria. It's honest to goodness joy in a rectangle (with awesomeness on top). Now go get yourself some!
I walked into Rione curious about this Roman style pizza I had heard such good things about. As I walked up to the counter the entire selection of square slices of pizza looked tempting but I figured I only had room for 3 slices. I tried the margherita, the polpetta and the diavolo. The thicker than usual crust on all 3 slices was  airy but crisp on the bottom. You can hold each slice easily to eat it. The diavolo was the standout star, with its flavorful spicy soppressata making it a must on any future visit. The polpette was good, but the meatballs weren't quite as tasty as I would have liked. The margherita was exactly what you would expect, with a delicious sauce complemented with spots of cheese. The space has more seating than you would expect, making it a good spot to sit for lunch. I plan to come back for more. I'm now a Roman style pizza fan.
VERY happy with this discovery. 
I was eating at another restaurant when I passed Rione to see these delicious looking slices of pizza.  I immediately went to yelp to check out the reviews and new I had to try it. 

I picked up two slices to go 
Marinara - tomato sauce, parsley, garlic, evoo
Prosciutto Crudo - prosciutto crudo, fior di latte, arugula, evoo

Both really good. I especially loved the Marinara.
I honestly like everything about Rione.

+ Pizza is fantastic - all single serve slices with a variety of toppings (Get the Spicy sopressata) 
+ They have cannolis
+ The staff is ridiculously nice
+ It's BYOB

There's probably seating for about 24-30 people in the back with tables you can easily slide together to accommodate larger groups.

I will definitely go back with a bottle of wine in the near future.
Very, very good. I'm the kind of person for whom 4 stars is indeed an excellent place to eat (5 stars is an appropriately lofty goal), so keep in mind my own very peculiar grading curve with restaurants. What is to me a 4 is probably a 5 to most people.

This place's schtick is that it's doing pizza in a more traditional Italian style. It's a thin crust by American standards, but Rione does a good job in not just turning it into a cracker. It's just a tiny bit thicker and appropriately oiled, which sold me. I went with three different styles: the Margherita, the potato, rosemary and sausage, and the Carbonara. All three were extremely tasty; the Margherita came with an entire basil leaf on it, and it was appropriately cheesy to boot, with a nice, tangy marinara sauce. If you haven't had potato on a pizza before, I strongly recommend it, though I would suggest going with the sausage because it gives it a little extra action. 

As for the Carbonara, I have to imagine it's not exactly traditional (though I could be wrong, I've never eaten pizza on the street in Rome)...but it's Carbonara. Carbonara is amazing in just about any context, and putting that flavor on a pizza is a winning combination.

Considering it's artisanal pizza, it's fairly priced for how big the pieces are. Three slices came to $11, which given the more expensive ingredients and the somewhat unorthodox ingredients (by the standards of ordinary American pizza) is a very fair price. Of course, that doesn't include tip, but don't be a sociopath, tip the staff. And three pieces was very filling, even factoring in that I had skipped lunch and was running on empty.
This pizza is excellent. The crust is thick, airy and really crisp. It is definitely different than the standard pizza crust. The toppings are all very fresh and interesting. The salads are also very good.
Finally, I have found likely my favorite pizza spot in Philly. 

Pros:
Very nice employees - welcomed us, explained the pizza and what makes the dough special. Offered to cut the pizza slices for sharing. 
Nice variety of pizza offerings
Quick service
Pizza was delicious and the dough really was something special/noticeably different from normal pizza. 

Cons:
Just an opinion, but being a BYO with relatively nice/fancy pizza and desert options, I wish the interior felt a little less like just another pizza joint. Maybe nicer chairs, some place settings, more art on the wall, different music or lighting, I'm not sure. Now it unfortunately felt more like every other place you can get pizza from in Philly. 

Definitely will be recommending this and will be back!
This pizza is so good - the crust is the right mixture of crunchy bottom and doughy top. The sauce has a great (low) level of acidity, with yummy chunks.
Upgraded to 5 star on my second visit. The selection was much more plentiful this time around. I got the carbonara and the diablo (essentially spicy pepperoni). Both were DELICIOUS! The carbonara was rich and delicious, with a nice salty finish with the bacon. Definitely not a light slice- super filling. The diablo was also quite delicious, not sure if it was the sauce or the pepperoni (or both) that had the heat but it was amazing- perfect amount of spicy. Still a touch pricey - about $8 bucks for the 2 slices. However, I'm generally fairly pleased if I can have a filling meal for under $10- and I was definitely full!
I try today first time roman pizza I love it best pizza in my life great location great service great food I try today eggplant pizza and nutrella amazing one block way from my home always recommend
I'm so happy this place is literally around the corner from my place! Although there are many pizza places in Rittenhouse Square, this place really stands out with the perfect balance of quality, price, and taste. 

You can order "fancy" pizza by the slice while paying only slightly more than you would at a casual pizza joint. There is a great variety of unusual toppings, for both vegetarians and meat-lovers. It's a great stop for a quick, tasty, and inexpensive meal without sacrificing quality. The portioning is great - I was full after 2 slices and paying less than $10. 

When I came in, the gentleman at the counter gave me a detailed run-down of their Roman style pizza (which I had never had before), the various toppings, and a bit of background about the restaurant. Service was impeccable. Once I selected my slices, they were heated up and delivered to my table as I sat in the dining area. Their TV's were showing a game of Jeopardy - very relaxing to watch while enjoying the pizza. 

Since I love pizza, it's a no brainer - totally adding this to my list of default places to eat in Rittenhouse!
GO HERE!

I love Rione, so glad it is new to the neighborhood. It's pizza slices are the perfect size and perfect slice, and I have to stop myself from coming here every day because it is THAT good! The restaurant has a clean vibe and the pizza is the star of the show. I can't wait to go back and try their fried rice things (I forget what they're called but they're a speciality Roman food). My boyfriend and I got 6 different slices, including the eggplant, the potato one, the diavolo (think pepperoni but less greasy &a more spicy), marinara, and a few others I'm forgetting, but honestly I can't wait to try them all!
It's nice to find a pizza shop like this that offers something different.  Most pizza places in Philly are either your standard delivery pizzeria or standard brick oven.  When I went they had 13 varieties of square pizza that were around $4 a slice.  Many had meat on top or inside and there were plenty of unique varieties plus the standard margarita.  Ended up being a little pricey for the food I got, I bought three slices and was still a little hungry although I do have a big appetite.  Pulls off four stars on taste and uniqueness though.
I came here for a promotion for buy one-get one free promotion.  I can tell you for sure that I will be coming back for a buy one-get only one slice next time around.

It was my first time here to this venue and also to this style of pizza.  I had never before had Roman style pizza--  I am very much a fan after my first visit.  The pizza slices are square and come with many different varieties.  This is not your typical pizza where the varieties are your basic, cheesesteak or buffalo chicken styles.  This pizza is very gourmet like in that the slices can be had with different vegetables and cheeses.  There were over a dozen different styles to choose from!  The slices were savory and had excellent flavor.  Slices were about $3.75

The inside of the establishment is very large.  Clean, well-lot, and spacious.  There is ample seating available for groups and water is free.
This place has a nice feel. The inside is really cool, small but like a regular pizza spot.. but it isn't. 

They have some nice specialty pizzas, Roman-style. Very airy and a nice variety. 

We weren't huge fans of the pizza, they were ok. We got the potato one and the margarita one. Again, average, wouldn't go bonkers over it. It was nice, got the job done, but nothing special.  The rice ball on the appetizer menu was really good! Would come back for that. 

Was nice to check out and try, it's off the checklist but not sure if we would come back for the pizza.
Can't believe I haven't reviewed this place yet! I've been here a couple times now and I have to say that their pizza might be up there with the best in the city, especially as far as slice shops go.

So the types of pizza at this joint are roman style, so they are square and almost reminiscent of the thick, sicilian style pizza that you can get in some places in new york but still has a lighter feel to it (it won't leave you feeling heavy afterwards). In fact, I would say for a solid meal, one person should probably have 2-3 slices, 4 if you are hungry. 

I think that what really stands out about these slices is the dough, which stands alone in terms of its own flavor - savory, chewy, and a little bit salty, just as a good dough should be. I've tried my way around many, if not most of the flavors at this point and I think that my favorites are the margherita, vodka, and whichever ones have potato on them! (The latter of those I feel like is always underappreciated). A special shout-out also has to go to their sausage slice since I thought that the sausage was super aromatic and flavorful as well.

The interior is fast-casual, yet modern and definitely not too intimidating. It is a good vibe for a fast meal alone as well as a good place to catch up with friends as well! I believe they're also BYOB so if you're looking for that kind of an experience it would work as well. Definitely check this place out.
My boyfriends favorite pizza place in the city. He took me here on my first night in philly and it was THE BOMB. Every single slice was so good. Definitely try the CARBONARA, it was the employee's recommendation and he was right, it was soooooo gooooooood. Each slice of pizza is around $3.75- $4, which isn't too bad considering that its specialty pizza. I only wish their pizza has more of an herb-y taste to it (more than 1 basil leaf), but other than that, its a good place to visit! 

They also have delivery system through Caviar if you're too lazy to leave your house which, let's be honest, we all are guilty of.
The pizza here is so dope. I especially loved the mushroom pizza. Would definitely recommend.
this is NOT 'Roman Pizza Al Taglio.'  Its close in its presentation(sheet pans of pizza) but it kind of ends there

The pizza was fine.  Somewhat lacked flavor(prosciutto crudo).  Arugla could have been treated.  

But what really matters: This didn't remind me of anything i've had in Rome.  The pizza wasn't cut(scissors or wheel) to my exact size(surprisingly, i would have wanted a smaller slice than what i purchased).  I got the slice to go.  I refused the box(Who gets boxes for street food?).  I asked for it to be wrapped in wax paper.  The person tried, then just served it to me in a cardboard boat.  The problem is that when you use the name Roman Pizza Al Taglio you're setting an expectation.  I'm expecting a quick cut served to my preferred size.  Wrapped in paper and sent on my way(We don't need to get into the whole change/money dish thing in USA).

TL/DR: Pizza is fine but doesn't meet expectations of Roman Pizza Al Taglio.  /shruggie
I was skeptical coming in here to pizza that's already cooked they just heat up, but was pleasantly surprised.

I didn't know whether to rate this on the same level as "fancy" pizza places that only serve whole pies (ex. Square Pie, Birra, Bufad), or with cheap pizza places that serve by the slice (ex. Lorenzo's, Zio's, Rosa's). I found that Rione is somewhere in the middle. Side note: Lorenzo's on 9th and Christian is the only "by the slice" pizza place I've been to recently that hasn't closed (the other was a cheap place I went to in college that was bought out by a fancy restaurant), and Rione is a million times better! It's the best "by the slice" there is!

I had the cotto e funghi ("ham" and mushroom), prosciutto crudo, and carbonara (the guy told me had bacon, some kind of cheese, and some kind of sauce, but he spoke too quietly, so I only heard the words "bacon" and "sauce"). 

The Carbonara was the first slice I ate, so it was the hottest. It was ***AMAZING***. I wish I could get a whole pizza of this. The crust is thin and crispy, yet the toppings take up most of the pizza. It's amazing how it can still be crunchy in the middle part under the toppings! Believe me, I've had countless pizzas where the middle is soft and flimsy... but not here!

The Prosciutto Crudo left a lot to be desired. It was basically a naked pizza with two pieces of prosciutto (that covered about 30% of the slice, two TINY fior di latte (cheese?) pieces that you couldn't even taste, and (70%) arugula. There was no flavor except for crust and arugula. I think this would've been a hit with a complete layer of cheese or sauce, though.

The Cotto e Funghi (prosciutto cotto and mushroom), though better than the Prosciutto Crudo, was not as amazing as the carbonara. I really think this one should just be a cheese and mushroom pizza because the "prosciutto cotto" was a little cold. By the way, I'm going to come out as say that prosciutto cotto is a fancy way of saying basic ham. It was ham and mushroom. The mushrooms were very good, but the wannabe prosciutto ruined the flavor.

I found that they got cold very quickly due to how it's already made and just warmed in the oven. The first slice was the only one that was actually an appropriate temperature. I inhaled the first slice, but I can see how temperature wouldn't be a problem for people who only get one or two. I had three, and by the time I got to the last one, it was cold.

If this rating were based solely on the Carbonara, I would be asking Yelp to add a sixth star. The other two were just okay (considering both flavor and temperature of the third slice).

It's expensive (~$4 a slice). You probably think I'm being cheap, but I spent $16 on three slices and a 16oz bottle of water (including tax). Believe me, it's very good in pizza standards, "the best" in cheap by the slice standards, but it's not $4 a slice good. The only way I think it's appropriate to be paying $4 a slice is if you get one at a time that isn't the prosciutto crudo or cotto e funghi. I'm sure if you only get one slice of the carbonara or "vegetarian" slices with red sauce, you'd willingly pay $5 a slice. I just think I got the wrong kinds...

I definitely recommend Rione over your typical down the street $1 slice place, but I definitely don't think it's the overall best pizza in Philly.

Overall, I think you should only get two slices max to get the full effect of this pizza. I myself might come in for one or two if I'm in the area, but I don't think I intend to have a full meal here again. Alternatively, I could just be the most annoying customer ever and have them heat up one slice at a time...
Rione has turned into one of my favorite pizza spots. I appreciate the variety of pizzas so everyone can get what they want. The staff will cut the slices in half for you if you want to share.

I typically order the arugula salad with 1 or 2 slices.  The arugula has a nice lemony and light dressing that's complimented well with pine nuts for an extra crunch.  I tend to order different slices each time. Thus far, my favorites are the carbonara, parmigiana, margherita and patate. The crust is so light and airy with huge bubbles. While the crust looks super thick, its not and doesn't weigh you down like most other pizzas. The slices are always fresh!

Staff is always super friendly and quick to bring out your pizza. Highly recommend of you've never had Roman style pizza!
My favorite spot to get pizza in Philly! It is authentic and if you've ever had the pizza al taglio in Rome, it will take you right back! You can't go wrong with any of the flavors - but the margherita, diavola, and prosciutto are a couple of my favorites. Also, don't forget the Suppli - my boyfriend and I always split both flavors since they are so delicious! Owners and staff are fantastic and it's BYOB! Grab a couple beers right next store at Monde Market or a bottle of wine and dine in.
I stopped in for some takeaway pizza for lunch during the cold freeze. Perhaps because of the weather, the place was pretty empty. There was a wide selection of pizza flavors, and the friendly cashier/pizza server recommended that I get 2 slices per person.

The presentation of the pizza certainly took me back to Europe, where I enjoyed a number of pizza al taglio slices while sitting in some cobblestone-paved plaza. After struggling a bit to narrow down the choices (there were so many that looked really good!), I ended up with the mushroom (truffle and porcini) slice, the carbonara slice, and a meatball/tomato sauce (polpetto?) slice. The cashier then popped them in the little pizza toaster and in just a few minutes, my slices were neatly boxed and I was on my way. Each slice was ~$4, so the total for a lunch for 2 (/3 slices) came out to slightly under $12.

I really enjoyed all the slices, and 3 slices were definitely enough for 2 people. The crust tasted like if focaccia were pizza dough (and I love focaccia!), and I particularly enjoyed that each slice had a good amount of flavorful ingredients, yet the ingredients really clung to the crust, making for an easy-to-eat, portable lunch (as opposed to the more American-style saucy gooey pizza). If you have small kids, I feel like they'd like this place because there's so many choices (!), and you'll love this place because there will be so much less mess than usual.
I stumbled upon Rione today as I was trying to escape the madness of the Erin Express. Picked up a few slices - Margherita, potato and sausage concoction, and a mushroom concoction. OMG - these were all amazing!!! I actually liked the potato sausage one the best and I'm not even a fan of potatoes or sausages! 

I've never had pizza like this before - it was very light, thin, cut in rectangles.

The staff were so welcoming and helpful and extremely patient with me as I asked what every slice was and for their recommendations. The inside is very clean and spacious with a lot of room for seating. 

I hope they do well!
Very impressive crust - apparently a 72 hour process is what it takes to get it crispy and airy. The toppings are delicate and made of high quality ingredients. The customer service was quite lovely. However, I don't anticipate coming here frequently since I am more of a pizza smothered in tomato sauce, cheese, and toppings kind of person. I am still on the lookout for a Rittenhouse pizza joint that can do this well, so fellow Yelpers, please Yelp at me if you have a rec!
I will be dreaming about this perfectly crispy crust for months! Rione has an amazing selection of authentic Roman pizza by the slice. I had to go back twice in two days so I could try all of the options. This is a great place to swing by with friends. Plenty of seating, fast, friendly staff, and a great ambiance. Save room for some suppli too!
Amazing. Reminds us of our trips to Rome. The crust is airy but has great flavor. The toppings are fresh, and they offer a wide variety. Best pizza in the area for sure.
This small place is a nice surprise. Pizza is sold by the slice and there are 10-12 choices that seem delicious. I took one with meat and 1 without and they were all great. If you like light and crunchy crust, these slices are for you. I tried the tiramisu and loved it as well. I'll definitely go back
As if I needed another reason to love the Rittenhouse area. I've been wanting to try this place since it opened and finally had a chance to check it out at lunchtime today. 

My goodness. 

My mouth was watering just eye-balling the display cases when I walked in. Friendly staff, easy and fast ordering, good prices and a table if you want to sit down. I took mine to go. 

I got the "Tri color" with fresh pesto, fresh mozzarella and halved grape tomatoes, then a slice of the classic tomato pie (no cheese). Walking home was agony because I couldn't wait to take a bite. Completely worth the wait. This has now topped my list as the best tomato pie. So incredibly light with crispy bottom and the sweetness of the sauce was just amazing. A subtle, not over the Top kick of fresh pressed garlic sprinkled on. Fresh olive oil. So amazing. 

Comin' back for ya again soon.
Roman-style pizza? Yes please! The most authentic I've ever found in Philly. 
I love pizza by the slice so much. This crust is banging, the only con is it's not by weight come in Italia.  So if you wanna try a bunch, you get a standard sized slice. But I understand for the sake of speed of service.

Oh, and it's BYOB. ;)
Pizza was excellent and reasonably priced Good variety of flavors and it felt very authentic. The owner was serving and is a really nice guy chasing his dream. The kind of place you want to support.
Dropped into Rione early on a Saturday night with my boyfriend to grab some pizza to go. We ordered three slices: Margherita, Prosciutto, and Potato with Sausage. We reheated them at home at 450 for five minutes and they were delicious; much better than any other Roman style pizza in the city. 

The service was also great; the wait was only about five minutes and the entire staff was extremely friendly. The seating area decor is minimal and fresh; had I known how cute it was inside beforehand I probably would have come later and eaten the pizza there. I'll definitely be coming back!
Holy cow!!  Had read about Rione, and finally was nearby and wondered in...even though just had dinner. OMG, I would have to say this is in the top five in Phila...but #1 in it's specific category of thicker Roman pizza. The husband and wife proprietors are running an impressive operation. The pizza is so good for a few reasons: 1: The dough...whatever he's doing to make that dough...keep doing it!!  It's kind of like Metropolitan's specialty made artisan dough, and the way it cooks, the texture, the taste...damn, just go and enjoy!! 2: The various types of pizza are unique, creative and taste great. They cook the pizza to the perfect hot temp to make the bottom crusty and the rest just the way it should be. I had the Carbonara...still thinking about it 4 days later.  Will be back soon!!
Perfect Roman style pizza. The crust is airy, pillowy and crunchy and not greasy at all. The bottom of pizza is a gorgeous golden brown. It is not soaked in oil like other thicker square pies. Simple authentic toppings compliment the dough without taking away from the long and appreciated fermentation process. We shared 4 slices which was the perfect amount for a mid afternoon snack. We will definitely be back.
Visiting from Michigan and we really enjoyed their pizza. Fantastic taste and wonderful people working the store.
My hope is that today was an off day... a very off day. Arrived around 12:10 to get some pizza as the shop has great reviews and was recommended to me by a friend. There were about 5 people in front of me in line but somehow it took close to 15 minutes for me to place my order of 4 slices of pizza. The guy at the register was very friendly. Told me about a discounted lunch special and I paid and I was very much looking forward to my pizza. But then I kept waiting....and waiting... and waiting. I don't know what was going on behind the register but all they needed to do was reheat some slices of pizza. Every order that came out before mine, aside from taking an absurd amount of time, was wrong. There was a line of about 14 people all waiting on their food or complaining because they got the wrong food. After about 40 minutes of waiting I walk out and went back to work...hungry. I can't imagine that this is a typical experience but it sure was a memorable one and not in a good way. $16 lost :-(
This pizza is unbelievable, the crust is perfectly crunchy yet fluffy. My favorite is the trufolata (sp?)-truffle mushroom one. Workers are always friendly! Hard not to go here every day.
The BEST pizza! This place is just like Italy. The pizza is so crispy and light. They have so many great options. They also have suppli! My friends and I have been trying to find suppli ever since we got back from Italy. They have 3 different kinds and they are all delicious. Can not wait to go back!
One of the best pizza places in Philly! Great late night food, but honestly good anytime of the day. The place is really simple and nice, with plenty of seating. We're vegetarian and we get plenty of options there! Haven't had a bad pizza there yet. Would definitely recommend!
Tasted great, out of the 3 slices I ordered I'd eat at least 2 of them again. However this said.....make sure you tip as the slices I ordered were way undercooked and not nearly hot enough.
The pizza is bomb!! Friendly staff, flavorful food and all-gender restrooms. Stumbled in when I was walking around the neighborhood and this was the greatest accidental great dinner ever
Good Roman style pizza.  Thicker pan style but travels well and nice amount of options.
Eh. Tasty. Over priced but there are such limited options in the neighborhood so i feel guilty rating it low. I prefer the pizza at Mix but this place is much cuter
Quality, quick square pizza. Interesting toppings and variety. Well executed.
This pizza is actually amazing. I never had Roman inspired pizza but this is so unique in flavor offerings and always cooked at the perfect temperature level.  Crispy, delicious, and quick. My favorite.
So good!! We made sure to get there right when it opened to get the pizza toppings we wanted (when they're out, they're out). The pizza is definitely different from anywhere else in the city. The unique flavors are delicious, though if you're looking for some basic pizza, this is not the way to go. They didn't even have any "normal" options when I was there. My sister also got a salad, which looked pretty good but nothing special. I would definitely recommend Rione and really enjoy it, but don't work it up too much in your head from some of the reviews on here!
This place is awesome. Full selection of delicious pizza al taglio, with vegetarian and meat options. Prices are very reasonable. BYOB too! Be sure to try the great tiramisu and cannoli! The staff is super friendly. This is the place!
I always judge a place by whether or not I would come back again. Rione is on the fence for me. 

The good: pizza by the slice (or "cut" as they are in rectangular pieces) so you can try multiple flavors. Friendly waitstaff who definitely consciously gave me the bigger slice. Interesting and unique flavors on top of a crunchy crust that tasted like focaccia - yum! 

The bad: it's quite expensive per slice - ranging from about $3.50 to $4.50ish for a 4x6 rectangle. It's the type of restaurant where they pre-make everything and then heat up - and it seemed like ours had been sitting around for a bit. (We came at 6:30 PM on a Monday.) Also it was quite oily, although not soggy, and lacked a little extra oomph. 

Overall glad I tried it but not sure I would seek this place out deliberately again. It's the kind of "treat-yo-self" place where you grab a slice or two while you're on the go.
My favorite pizza place in the city for a quick, specialty pizza. The pizza is Roman-styled- rectangular, perfectly crisp, airy, and flavorful! I usually get two to three slices, and that is typically plenty enough to fill me. My favorite by far is the trufolita; if you love mushrooms, this is the slice for you! The funghi and the diavalo are also fantastic. The diavalo has a spicy kick, and is perfect for pepperoni lovers. I come here embarrassingly frequently, and recommend it to all my friends!
I love that we're getting more into the Roman style in Center City and I'm living for it! I opted to get the lunch special which allows you to get 3 items with option of mixing and matching (slice, suppli, half sammy, half salad), picking a margarita and another slice that I honestly can't tell you what was on it, and a suppli al telefono. I came pretty late into the afternoon just after the lunch rush, and I couldn't help but notice the timing of the pizza vs the suppli felt off. It would make more sense to drop the suppli, then toss the pizza in the over to warm back up so they finish around the same time, particularly if there's literally no other patron in the restaurant. But that's borderline picky, so I'll stop. I just had piping hot suppli and rapidly-getting-cold pizza.

Still, the suppli and the pizzas were super good and I was glad I could take advantage of the reduced price. It's kind of out of the way for me but I'd definitely stop by again if I was in the neighborhood.
My boyfriend raves about how good Rione is and sadly I was never able to try, especially due to COVID. But Rione has finally opened their doors and I was finally able to try these Roman style pizzas. 

We got the Suppli which was divine! The cheese was stringy and absolutely delicious. 

Pizza: Diavolo, Carbonara, and Patate. All three pizzas were unique and flavorful. They were dense and rich in flavor with each and every bite. The Diavolo was by far my favorite with bold flavors with an added kick. The carbonara was rich and taste reminded me of carbonara pasta. The Patate was light and different (in a good way) with super thinly sliced potatoes to give an extra crunch. The pizza was airy but dense, I definitely couldn't finish everything. 

The prosciutto sandwich was one my boyfriend hasn't tried and I'm glad we did! The sandwich was both salty and sweet from the prosciutto and the mozzarella cheese. The arugula made the sandwich feel and taste refreshing. 

Everyone, go and try Rione and support this amazing one of a kind pizza joint!
Excellent pizza option. I have never had "Roman style" pizza before. The crust is relatively thin yet airy and crispy. The topping choices are delicious! I had the trufolata, parmigiana, and ricotta vodka slices. The trufolata was the winner with the ricotta vodka a close second. The ricotta tasted so fresh and light. Everything was perfectly seasoned and not greasy at all. Overall, a great pizza option!
Blew my mind!! Get an assortment, all are equally phenomenal and totally unique. The crust is very light and airy with a crisp section where it meets the oven. Topping combos are nuts. No one is doing pizza like this anywhere I know of. Pizzaria Vetri is still my favorite south of New Haven but Rione has worked it's way onto my must-eats.
This pizza spot has some really unique flavors and I'm all for it! Love that they sell by the slice so you can try multiple flavors. We tried the spinach artichoke, a mushroom one and one with prosciutto and egg cream - all were yummy. The shop appears to be following covid protocols well and the guy behind the counter was properly wearing his mask which I appreciated.
Its simple...Just really high quality pizza... bought multiple cuts and we all ended up fighting over our favorites...
There are a lot of places you can get Roman style pizza in Philadelphia, but Rione is one of the best! 2 slices for $3.50 (which differs from my go-to pizza place Alice which is $0.60-0.70/oz). Compared to other establishments, this quaint little shop in the 20th street area of Center City excels with its fluffy pizza crust and variety of selections. 

We had the Diavola which had hot soppressata (which is pork FYI!) tomato and mozzarella and a special with Alfredo sauce and potatoes. Both delicious but the soppressata is always a little drier than white sauce pizzas - as they usually are.

Though on the pricier side, they do accept payments on the Ritual app which I'd highly recommend to use for deals and credits. Will be coming back the next time I'm in the neighborhood and craving good pizza.
Rione is a good place to pick up a filling, relatively inexpensive lunch. For $9, you can pick choose any three from a variety items (including pizza slices and a 1/2 salad, because I'm not going to pretend that I know what a suppli or a crochette is). 

I opted for two slices (the carciofi e spinaci and the salsiccia e rapini) and 1/2 Caesar salad. The pizza was pretty good---the crust was a tad crispier than what I prefer, but the salt level was perfect and the toppings were flavorful. As for the salad, the Caesar dressing (note: all of their dressing are made in-house) was fantastic: creamy, cheesy, and potent. Special emphasis on the potent...resist the urge to dump the entire container in your salad, because I can assure you that you do not need that much.

All in all, if you need a quick cheap lunch in Rittenhouse, Rione is a solid choice.
Recently moved to the center city area and decided to take a stroll around. It sounds like this place just moved a few doors down to the former Poi Dog location. Lots of pizza options in small slices. I was very overwhelmed and ordered a few slices to go. Pizza is crunchy and crispy, but not hard. Will come back to try the other flavors. Wish they had a menu posted as they have some appetizers and salads also available.
Very, very good 'za by the slice, Roman style which is thin and airy. I prefer the white slices to the red sauce based ones, but everything is good. Hard to walk by and not get a slice.
