Pesto is a super delicious, cozy South Philly Italian BYO located right on Broad Street, so parking is easier here than most local spots! 

Reservations are nearly impossible on the weekends last minute, so definitely plan your visit in advance and a few months ahead around the holidays. (It's at this time of year they require a $200 deposit for large parties too)

Ristorante Pesto, not to be confused with Pizzeria Pesto just a few doors down serves up freshly made pasta dishes ranging from classics to more innovative plates and a plethora of tempting daily specials also. 

Our most recent visit was for my mom's 70th birthday celebration where we had a larger crowd armed with plenty of bottles in hand. (Don't forget yours!) Service was excellent and even though they serve desserts, we were still able to bring our own cake in! Winning! 

Everyone at the table was delighted with their meals...chicken parm, fettuccine alfredo, whole grilled branzino, plump pillowy huge gnocchi, black squid ink with seafood, crab, shrimp and lobster cavatelli in blush sauce, crab avocado stack salad (which was raved about, as were the outrageous complimentary balsamic carrots given prior to our large meals). Oh, and they give delicious chunky bruschetta and caprese salad to start also! Yum!!  

Portions were huge, seafood was given very generously, pasta tasted as fresh as it was, and the sauces were so flavorful! 

It's definitely not inexpensive and I don't love the fact that there's a sharing charge of $5 and no kids offerings, although my hungry gals finished almost every lick of their plates. It's for this reason I can't in good faith give it a 5 Star and may not recommend for those with real wee ones who eat little unless you're planning on lots of leftovers. 

It's really a must try in South Philly and I would say it's absolutely up there with the most authentic tasting Italian spots in the neighborhood. It's definitely one of my top two Italian spots in ALL of Philly and Mom's absolute favorite!
I went to Pesto with a group of girlfriends to celebrate a milestone birthday. We had reservations, which was smart because it seems like a pretty popular place, even on weeknights. 

The restaurant is BYO-friendly, though they have a bar as well. Our server was great and made sure everyone had glasses and everything we needed. She rattled off a giant handful of specials, and we opted for two of the starter specials (eggplant rollatini and bacon- and phyllo- wrapped shrimp), plus a caesar salad, for the table. We were given bread baskets and some balsamic carrots (delicious!) and bruschetta on the house. 

I also opted for a special for my main, which was cavatelli with crab, shrimp, and lobster in a blush sauce. The serving size was enormous and I brought half home. 

We were all stuffed but knew we had to try some desserts. They had so many options! We shared the chocolate cake, Reese's peanut butter dessert, and the Oreo ice cream cake. All three were delicious! 

The only things that could have made our night better would be more consistent water refills and also some soundproofing. The restaurant was very loud even though there were a few empty tables. Either way, I'd definitely go back with a group because we had a great experience overall and there were plenty of options for everyone!
Everything about Ristorante Pesto is perfect. It is located in South Philadelphia in a beautiful older brick building. Inside is comfortable and welcoming. The food is the best and service excellent.

Try to make a reservation because they do book up. If you have failed in this regard, don't panic, call them, they may be able to fit you in and if they can they will with a smile. They are ever so kind there. The owner is there most nights and chances are he will be by to your table to make sure you are happy. You will be. 

Anything you order will be great. They have wonderful salads, we like the one with crab and avocado built into a little tower. Their ravioli is the best and you must have chocolate cake. You can bring in your own wine if you like. We did not, but it is my understanding there is no fee for that.

The servers are great. They are friendly and make you feel at home. You are not rushed and you can just relax with the best homemade food. They have a private dinning room as well. We did not eat there, but I did see it and it is very nice. Have the best time.
I don't understand.  I see the glowing reviews and I'm totally confused.  Everything is doused in cream, and maybe people are taking that to mean it's "good"? The food seemed old and the cream sauce started to feel like it was hiding something. 

The specials sounded great, and there were a ton of them - but nearly every one had crab meat sort of thrown in there and it seemed like they had a lot of crab to use up, so we avoided those.  Maybe they were awesome.

Our waiter was good - I have nothing negative to say about him or his service - then someone else brought out a bowl of bread and slammed down a plate of dark brown (roasted?) carrots.   I said, "Oh, what's this?" and she said, "Carrots." I said, "And what's on them?" and she said, "It's carrots."  "Yes," I said, "but what's on them?"  I could see garlic, and they were floating in oil and there was a brown sauce.  She looked right at me and said, "vinegar," and walked away. 

They were (I believe intentionally) cold, and fine, I guess, but looked a bit tired, like they were from a buffet that had been open a while.  I took a piece of bread without looking too hard at it, took a bite a realized it was lemon coffee cake.  Odd choice. 

We ordered a special - eggplant rollatini appetizer - which was good, in the way that things that are covered in cream sauce are inherently good.  Rich.  Creamy.  Cheesy.  We also ordered a salad from their specials - the raspberry/poached pears/gorgonzola/walnut salad.  It was good, except it was doused in overly-sweet storebought dressing, and there was no getting away from the dressing.  Points here for using nice field greens, though. 

He had the gorgozola gnocchi - swimming in cheesy sauce, the gnocchi had the texture of scallops.  Big and smooth and slick.  It was weird.  It left a bitter taste in my mouth, and I love gorgonzola. 

My chicken florentine was drowned in a creamy rose sauce.  I couldn't taste anything but the sauce - the chicken was thin, about a quarter inch thick, and the sauce was at least twice as deep - I actually had to hunt for meat in the soup it was served in. 

Three bites in, carrot girl came back and threw down a small plate of spinach and roasted potatoes.  Again, these seemed to be left over from a banquet at a Holiday Inn.  Cold potatoes, and bitter, tired spinach. 

Sadly, my dining partner took another piece of bread.  He looked at it and touched it first, and broke me off a piece - fool that I am, I put it in my mouth.  I needed a palate cleanser.  Whatever it was topped with had the texture of a mushroom but just tasted like burned.  Just burned.  

I picked at everything and feel like I've eaten two days worth of food. 

We will not be back.
From the moment I was graciously greeted from the hostess I knew I was In for a great dining experience . The decor atmosphere and spaceish table settings added to a relaxing wonderful evening  .   
Being a graduate of the Culinary Institure of America in Hyde Park , NY .  This Restaurant did not disappoint from the bread served as we were seated  to the wide range of appetizers , Entrees , Daily Specials , Desserts and their after dinner drinks .   

Service was friendly and very knowledgable of the menu and daily specials . The waiter knew when and what how to approach our ends .   Great job !!! Worth a genious tip !!!   

Culinary expertise was known instantly in the  presentation of each dish to the delicious flavors in each creation .  

I have been a Sous Chef , Banquet Chef , Garde Manager Chef , saucier Chef , butcher and even later decoming A General Manager in many Restraurant and hotels in over 48 states and I have only written 5 !  Only 5 great reviews and this is truly one of those FIVE. 

At the end of our meal I had to pull over Concetta Varallo  Owner ( who I have never met before this evening  ) and tell her how wonderful the staff and culinary experiences we had .  I also asked to see the chefs in the kitchen to thank them for a job well done !!!!!


People of TripAdvisor DONT MISS OUT on this restaurant !!!!
So, family and I came here with my best friend's family on a "last minute" reservation. We were able to be fit in at the 5pm opening for seven people but had to be out of there by 7:20pm. We left with only seconds to spare!

This was, for us all, a three and one half star restaurant but I rounded down this time as we liked the food, but were not particularly floored with everything. There was nothing wrong, but the tastes were not that spectacular.

My family had appetizer specials of stuffed mushroom, bacon wrapped shrimp, fried eggplant, and a non-special calamari. The mushroom stuffed with crab was very pleasant with lots of crab and a very nice rose sauce, but it was served lukewarm which diminished the taste. The calamari was also crispy and not over greasy. My kid said there was too much for just him. The bacon wrapped shrimp was five golden fried plump shrimp but the one I got to share with my other kid was overcooked and a bit rubbery. The eggplant on the other hand was light and crisp but with a lot of sauce which was almost too much on the plate.

Our main courses included a special of homemade black pasta with seafood, gnocchi, and chicken Parmesan. All were nice but nothing to rave about. The seafood pasta had a generous amount of seafood within the dish. And garlic! The the gnocchi was just "all right" and was only 3/4 finished with the leftovers not wanting to be brought home. Wife's chicken parm also was nice and filling, but the gravy was not to her liking. Also, it only comes with vegetables and not pasta. It was finished, though. 

Like other Yelpers mentioned, a tray of bruschetta and cold roasted carrots with balsamic glaze were served gratis. Both were quite nice even though some bruschetta was felt to be a bit too much onion to tomato ratio.

We did decide to go with some desserts and cordials. A shot of limoncello was refreshing. The cheesecake and chocolate cake were fine, but did not seem to be made in house. Again, good but not awesome to us. The cappuccino was good.

Overall, a more fun meal because we were with friends and had great conversation. We brought our own wine and you can, too, but not beer or liquor. There is no corkage fee. They also have a full bar. There was nothing wrong with any of the food, but it just wasn't something to put everyone else to shame. 

Service was friendly and spot-on.

$210 including tax and gratuity automatically added on as we had a party of seven. The $210 was our share with a second check. They will only split a bill two ways and accept two cards. Our share was four appetizers, four entrées, two desserts, cappuccino, and limoncello cordial. A very fun pleasant night out with friends.

ADDENDUM: Based on this review, the owner contacted my friend who actually made the reservation and offered a considerable refund of monies paid saying she was very disappointed that we were not completely satisfied. I have to say that this was not requested or desired, but shows that the owners do pay attention to social media reviews. I felt this review was very honest and if things were really bad, we would have said something in person asking for a new meal or money back. This was not the case in our fun meal yesterday, as things we had were nice, and service was great, but overall just not awesome.  I appreciate that the owner reached out. Maybe it should have been to me through Yelp as I wrote the review. I would have recommended and still would recommend Ristorante Pesto to anyone if they asked about it.
This restaurant demonstrates how restaurant hospitality industry should be.  The owner/manager can't be more welcoming than ever. They provided home-like dining experience and you are treated like their friends and family. 

The food itself is like traditional Italian dining - shareable and big in portion.  Lots fresh ingredients (like seafood) and their pasta is not to be missed. I did the whole appetizer to dessert course and none of them disappoints. 

Make sure to make reservation here - it is worth to come here for a lovely dinner.
What a great place!  This is the "real deal" Italian Food, the way it is meant to be - Concetta is lovely and there is an abundance of great food.  Chicken picatta is perfect in its simplicity.  Veal (or chicken) Marsala is delicious.  Bruscetta, marinated carrots, roasted red peppers and what?  Cornbread!  (Yes, you read that right - cornbread in with the Italian bread.)

Loud and raucous bar area, but it lends to the jovial atmosphere.
Parking is a NIGHTMARE.

Otherwise 5 stars.

You gotta come to Pesto.
Went here tonight as a group of 18 for a birthday.  In short: the service was good (especially for such a large group) but the food was not.  

Every dish I tried was overcooked, underseasoned, and just subpar.  My mixed seafood grill was totally overdone.  All of the fish was dry and charred.  If it hadn't been for a birthday I likely would have sent it back.  It was just bad.  

And for a restaurant named "Pesto" their pesto should be good, no???  It was bland just like the other dishes.  

To top it off, the prices, while not high by "good" restaurant standards, were just too great.  This seemed like a place pretending to be better than it is.  Still, big props for handling a large group so well.
Not one, not two, not three, not four, not five, not six, not seven, not eight, not nine, oh wait I can't give this place ten stars on here. It blows my mind that people give this place less than 5 stars. The only thing from keeping me coming here weekly is the fact that I live in Boston. 

I wasn't sure where to get dinner with my coworkers last night but we knew we wanted Italian food that had big portions. So I Googled large portioned Italian restaurants and Ristorante Pesto was the first place to show up. I called them looking for a reservation for 3 people and all they had was 9:15pm, so I took it and told them to call me if anything earlier opened up as we were starving and dying to eat at their restaurant. Around 7:45 they called me to say they could seat us at 9:00. We got there right on time and had to wait a few minutes for our table to open up. We were waiting and just looking at the menu, when we were offered a round of drinks by the owner, Concetta, who had been checking on the status of our table. She walked us over to the bar and told the bartender to give us whatever we wanted and it was on the house.

A couple minutes later our table was ready. By the time we took off our jackets and sat down, they already had a basket of bread/cornbread and carrots on the table. We ordered the eggplant appetizer as we read in previous reviews that this was amazing and let me tell you, it didn't disappoint. The sauce that was on the eggplant was some of the best sauce I've ever had. We got extra bread just so we could dip it into the leftover sauce. We also ordered the calamari which was very fresh. They also brought us out a free appetizer of bruschetta which was the beat bruschetta I've ever had. I joked with my friends that at this rate we may get free dessert.

When the entrees came out we were in aw over the portion size. We ordered the gnocchi, fettucini alfredo, and the linguine pescatora. The gnocchi has three different sauce options that you can chose from. Easily the best gnocchi I've ever had. If I had to sleep in one food, this would be it. The fettucini and linguine pescatora were sensational as well. Just when we thought it was all over, we were brought free cheesecake. We weren't sure if we would be able to get a third wind for the cheesecake but once we tried it, we knew we were going to finish it. The cheesecake was very light and had a nice refreshing taste to it. If you have room for dessert, make sure to order this.

There is no doubt this is best restaurant I've ever been to. There's a reason they are rated on Trip Advisor, 1 of 3,000 for all restaurants in Philadelphia. I'll make sure to come here every time I am in Philly. When asking yourself what to do in Philadelphia? The answer is now dinner at Ristorante Pesto.
We needed a place to hold a dinner for several of our friends the night before a memorial service. We were looking for a restaurant in South Philly that makes great southern Italian food, is reasonably priced, takes reservations and credit cards(not so easy to find somewhere that met all requirements). At least until we discovered Pesto. 

Located on South Broad Street in an unassuming looking store front, once you step inside you feel right at home in the two nice size dining rooms. Part of the reason for feeling so good is the female half of the wonderful couple that owns the restaurant. - Concetta.She oversees the front of house and dining room staff and attends to her customers making sure everyone is happy. She is the one I spoke to about setting everything up and she was just awesome. She put us in a special room seated next to the front window, giving us as much privacy as you can in a sold out restaurant during prime dining hours on Friday before Memorial Day.

One of the more unique things about Pesto is they allow you to bring in your own wine even though they have a full bar and they don't charge a corkage fee.

Our waitress was great, starting with her ability to rattle off 15 specials for the night from memory. She did a super job along with her team of helpers.

They started out by bringing us bread and carrots marinated in balsamic vinegar that was delicious. 

The food is headed up by husband Giovanni. And it's as good as any Italian food you will find in Philly. Be forewarned that the kitchen does not alter the recipe as described in the menu or specials - it comes exactly with no changes allowed. But when you get the amazing quality coming from their kitchen that's okay. 

We ordered appetizers we shared with the table: fried calamari, clams casino, bruschetta and Capri salad. They were delicious.

For my main course, I had Lobster Fra Diablo over linguini that was spectacular. Shrimp, clams and mussels as well as large pieces of lobster were plentiful in huge portion on a large plate that tasted too good to waste a bite.

The others at our table had such choices as lamb chops, fresh fish, chicken piccata. Everyone raved about their meal.

For desert,we had sorbet and coffee. 

This is a GREAT restaurant. I highly recommend it.

PUBLIC SERVICE ANNOUNCEMENT - be careful parking on the side streets. It's 2 hours non-metered parking and some ambitious ticket writer decided to leave a nice 26 dollar fine for my exceeding the time by only 15 minutes. It's why I don't dine in Philly more often.
The food was only surpassed by the friendly warm environment. Eric our waiter was outstanding and the owner made us feel right at home.The owner was very sweet and made the restaurant feel like family dinner. Would highly recommend this restaurant to everyone. Just fantastic.
Was looking for a nice Italian Resturant to take my father for his birthday after we got out of the Philadelphia Flyers game.  We decided on this place looking at all the reviews and how it looked like a nice family owned business.  We made reservations for 5 people.  And it's a BYOB (wine only). 

We were greeted by Concetta who was such an amazing person who took the time to welcome us and made us feel like we were part of her family. She also checked on us periodically during our dinner to make sure everything was good.  The staff was so friendly it felt like we were in their home. Our waitress was Jenna (not Janet) lol inside joke. She was such a nice person and very knowledgeable about the menu and was so sweet. The complimentary bread was good but the carrots in a balsamic sauce were amazing.  

They had a wide selection of delicious food and all looked very appealing.  The restaurant got very busy and there were no seats left so a reservation was definitely needed.  

The appetizers came out the calamari was so tender and my favorite was the eggplant with a rosé sauce was such a great bite I might order that next time for my entrée.  We also had the grilled brachioli stuffed with cheese. Was also so very good you taste the nice smoke from the grill and the tender steak was a great bite.  

For the entrées I enjoyed the delicious rack of lamb with a brown sauce was tender and juicy, my father had the squid ink seafood pasta was handmade and packed with flavor, my mother had the veal parm was another amazing dish the veal was tender and was accompanied with a tasty red gravy,  my brother had the chicken Marsala also good and his wife had the ravioli with pesto sauce. I tasted it but was allergic to the pine nuts in the pesto. But it had a lot of flavor.  
 
The deserts were amazing!!! They make the whole cannoli from shell to cream, the shell was fresh and crispy the canoli cream was the best I've ever tasted it was thick, creamy and smooth.  The trimisu was packed with a coffee flavor with a nice sweet cream topping.  Being it was my fathers bday he ordered a banana cream pie and it came out with a sparkle.  The pie was another hommade delight. Nice and light with a crispy crust.  
 
A grey stop in Philly don't pass this place up and make sure to make reservations.
I'm definitely not a fan of this South Philly BYO trying to go uptown with its menu and overall dining experience.  The food was mediocre at best and the lackluster service and apathetic host didn't do much to make up for the subpar cuisine.  Judging from others' favorable reviews there is apparently an audience for this place.  Then again, there's an audience for roller derby and nascar too.  I won't be back.
Pesto did not disappoint! We had a delicious BYO dinner here the other night and loved it.

I went with two other friends on a Wednesday night, we had a reservation but you could probably walk right in. The vibe is kind of funny, I'm not sure what the building used to be but it reminded me of an old school and had bright lights. But the atmosphere is great from the start due to the awesome service.

Our server recited from memory a specials list that I think was longer than the actual menu! We all ordered our entrees from the specials list, as well as the fried calamari for an app. They do have a full bar but we brought some wine since it is still BYO (for wine only!)

Prior to the main course they brought out our calamari, bread, and two apps we did not order!! It was on the house! For my actual entree (although I was stuffed to the brim at this point), I went with a pesto pasta dish with shrimp. It was so creamy and delicious and absolutely huge (leftovers were unbelievable the next day)! For dessert we had the tiramisu, which is always my favorite, so I'm glad we were able to make room. 

I will definitely be back to pesto! I've heard that there are other dining areas and I feel like it would be good for a big group. Can't wait!
We came here for a family meal and had an overall very nice experience. If you want that old school south Philly Italian restaurant - with great service that is fit for a large group this is the place to go. 

They have a large menu and a lots of seasonal specials.
The menu has a lot of dishes, pasta, veal, chicken, beef and seafood in all the classic preparations that you expect to see in an Italian restaurant and some unique ones. 

I guess crab was in season when we came - and they love to stuff things with crab meat. That was a part of most of the specials when we were there. 

For appetizers we had very nice fried calamari, grilled vegetables and eggplants in a rose sauce - that was very very tasty and not too heavy. 

I had rack of lamb with Rosemary and balsamic - it arrived perfectly cooked (medium rare is what I asked) and a huge portion of it. 
My better half had veal Marsala that was very well made. Other guests in our table enjoyed their food - a couple of pastas with seafood - very big dishes with a lot of seafood - no survivors on their plates so I guess they liked it.
We shared a creme Burlee which was very well made - very good espresso with a nice layer of crema. 
I was a little disappointed by the bread - it tasted like it was a day old - very common thing in the US - even in nice restaurants but still a pet peeve of mine. 
Service was very attentive - all the dishes came together even for a group of six - not too long of a wait and everything was steaming hot when it arrived.
WOW. WOW. WOW. 

I had a reservation to celebrate with a group of people, including a baby. The host and servers were incredibly friendly, touchy feely like family checked in with us to make sure we were well fed and happy. It being a BYOB establishment also gets points, but what's the best aspect here is the food. Oh wow, the food seemed so authentic and just mouth watering. We got a free orders of some carrots and mushroom appetizers and let me be very clear- I am a carnivore, and I LOVED it. It was that good, ya'll. Their pasta dishes were so well proportioned that we had to get boxes, the table bread was yummy, and the pasta...ah, just salivating thinking about it again. I had leftovers the next day and I just wanted to go back and get more! Everyone loved their food, from the specials to the simple pasta dishes, it was just perfect. The whole experience was amazing here and you cannot go wrong with this restaurant.
This was just awful food overpriced the service was good if you have a option to go somewhere else do it i don't know how people give this place such a high rating overpriced and not good food
My husband and I ate here for Valentine's Day last year. We came here because it was a top rated Philadelphia Italian restaurant with homemade pasta. 

You feel like you're part of the family here, the owner Concetta is constantly around greeting everyone and making sure your meal is perfect. They offer complimentary glazed carrots and eggplant rollatini with your meal. The eggplant was very good, we wanted more. My husband ate it even though he's allergic to tomatoes, so he must have thought it was very good as well. 

I was debating on which entree to get and decided to go with their famous cavatelli pasta with crab, shrimp and lobster that was featured on the Rachael Ray show and won the pasta showdown competition. You can definately taste that it's homemade pasta and tomato sauce, it was very good. I just wished there was a little more seafood in it. The crab was shredded very fine and you could barely see it and there was hardly any lobster or shrimp as well. The shredded crab gave it an overall fishy taste to it rather than a crab taste. The portion was large so I ended up taking a lot home, but it was all pasta and no seafood left so it was kind of a bummer. 

We ordered the tiramisu for dessert which was good, but not the best I had. They put it in a souffle cup instead of just on a plate. After dessert my husband and I got up to take some pictures out by the front entrance. When we came back to our table my drink was gone. Our waitress apologized and told the bartender to replace my drink but it took ahwile before I got it. 

Overall it was a very good authentic Italian meal. I would maybe like to go back sometime to try some of their other pastas. I think I have learned that it's not always best to get a restaurant's "famous" or most popular dish. I should have just went with my instinct and got the other pasta that I wanted.
Places like Pesto make the impossible parking and shady back streets of South Philly totally worth navigating!  The authenticity of the food and Italian hospitality will surely be enough to drive me out of my comfortable northeast Philly confines in the months and years to come.
Going to a restaurant named Pesto, I, of course, had to try the pesto sauce.  It was fabulous; heavier and more substantial than other pesto I've had but much more flavorful as well.  The gnocchi upon which the pesto was served were delicious also.
I realize I'm jumping around a bit here, but the carrots they put on the table along with their bread were very unique and delicious, if you like balsamic vinager that is.  Thankfully I do so I indulged (if one can indulge in carrots).  My one and only criticism would be to serve better bread with the aforementioned carrots.  With such great authentic Italian food why compromise on the bread?
Having sampled bites of my fellow diners' entrees I can say that everything served to us was fabulous.  We really ran the gamut at my table (seafood, chicken and pasta) and all of the meals were done very well.
I'd highly recommend Pesto to anyone searching Philly for good Italian fare.  Although the menu does not have a ton of options, Pesto does offer a lot of daily specials; and what they do they do incredibly well.  Can't wait to get back!
I simply adore this place. It feels like you're invited to be honorarily Italian and someone's aunt is going to stuff your face full of Italian deliciousness for an evening. Maybe that's just the wine...but really, the place has a great ambiance, and is really quite cozy, despite there actually being a lot of space inside. The wait staff are lovely, the owners check in on their patrons, and great googley-moogley: The. Food. Ristorante Pesto is BYOB (wine only) so bring a bottle (or two) and be sure to take a look at your menu before your server arrives---because you're going to be bombarded with an amazing specials list that may tempt you away from their standard fare. Your table will receive a basket of bread, and some very tasty balsamic carrots before your food arrives - and you may even be treated to a complementary appetizer (especially if you're there with a group or for a special occasion.) Their pasta dishes with seafood elements deserve a special shout-out, for their ridiculously tantalizing offers as does the obscenely good squid ink pasta (that features on the specials list regularly.)

If you're bringing a group, be sure to make reservations! (And luckily there's a loading only zone just to the south of the entrance on Broad Street, which I've seen come in handy for dropping of diners who are a little less mobile -- but it also works well for cab drop-offs and hailing.)
Rich food, warm service.

I didn't have a reservation for the evening but upon entering, was greeted warmly and seated promptly by the hostess.  After asking for and hearing a few recommendations, and lamenting the fact that there seemed to be far too many options to consider, to my surprise, I was given a complimentary eggplant rollatini appetizer.  This appetizer was incredible and the portion size could have been a standalone meal on it's own.  Between the appetizer I had originally selected and this eggplant rollatini, not to mention the complimentary bread, I was already well nourished before the main entree appeared.  When the seafood pasta main did appear, the pasta was perfect, it was chock full of seafood and the sauce was incredible rich.  Needless to say, my meal ended with a doggie bag for the ride home.  As far as the food is concerned, the sauces here are fantastic and very rich.  I had a shirt that needed to be dry cleaned to prove it as well.  

While the food stands on its own and is fantastic, the service truly beyond.  My waiter was knowledgeable and friendly, knowing exactly what to recommend and pair for my meal.  The hostess who I assume is also an owner, was also very much interested in my experience and treated me as a regular even though although I wasn't.  Even though the food is awesome, the great service is what I remember the most, and definitely one of the best experiences I've had in Philly.  Go visit!
Dinner was ok at this restaurant.  I was there with 6 people and the reviews were mixed, but nobody was blown away by their meal.  My mom got a veal dish and she said the veal just didn't taste right, almost like it was going bad.  I had gnocchi with pesto.  The gnocchi was fabulous, but the pesto sauce was too rich and overpowering.  The highlight was the carrots and balsamic that they brought out to our table!
If your in the mood for some down home south philly flavor this is your place.  The crab stuffed steak is amazing, muscles in garlic and oil delicious! Portions here are humongous so come hungry.

Dining staff is quick and courteous!
Completely do not understand the rave reviews for this restaurant. I would say it is average. The best thing was indeed the eggplant appetizer, which we didn't even order. They just brought it to us. Two of us had a baked pasta with meat sauce and cheese melted on top. This dish would have been really good but the pasta was way over cooked. Too bad. The others ordered shrimp and veal in wine sauce. The wine sauce was basically just wine so it was very runny and had no flavor other than wine. 
Shrimp and veal floating in wine. 
We were disappointed with our meal.
To me, this is one of those places if you are looking to recommend a dinner to someone who is visiting Philly - Pesto has to be on the list. You gotta know though - this place is always packed, very important to call and get reservations. 

From start to finish, it is a bustling restaurant, hosts and servers are friendly and make you feel like you are a part of the family.

The food was simple, but really well executed. The portions are huge, and the pricing is beyond fair.

They have a full bar, but you interestingly can also bring your own bottle if you prefer.

While everything we ate was very good, they served these balsamic carrots as a starter (on the house) that were just out of this world!
Very friendly service. Very mom and pop feel. 

Loved the eggplant app. The bacon wrapped shrimp, wrapped in puff pastry was clearly amazing...because how could something that rich not be?? The crab special pasta dish was good but not amazing...I was actually most disappointed that it came out lukewarm!

Overall our bill was well above what I would expect from a local Italian place in the city. Major con - Overpriced! 

Otherwise a friendly environment and good food!
We have a tradition of going out for NYE Eve, or the 30th. Brothers, cousins, aunts and uncles; all varying ages. So, we try new places every year that can appeal to our large group, while being interesting to those of us who are lucky enough to be frequent diners around the country. 

Pesto, in the heart of South Philly blew it away. First, Connie at the front of house, as well as reservations confirmer is a sweetheart who adds to the positive experience by greeting your table and discussing the menu. 

Our large group had appetizers served family style, calamari, stuffed mushrooms in rose sauce and bracciolettini which were all devoured by eaters from elementary school through collegians and everything between. 

Lightly fried calamari ranks among the very best I have had, the bracciolette is new to me and many at the table. Thinly sliced beef, grilled, and rolled with mozzarella like pillows of flavor. Pro tip from Connie, dip them in the rose sauce of the mushrooms...just....delicious. 

The two dishes I tried both are calling me back. The Veal mare and monti are medallions topped with shrimp and prosciutto in a mushroom Demi glacé. Texturally and taste make this an experience as well as dinner. 

The entrée that the 15 yo raved about is the house made cavatelli with crab, lobster and shrimp. Unsurprisingly the cavatelli won a national award on a tv show and it shows. 

Desserts included cakes to gelato. Wine here is so reasonably priced you'll be shocked. 

Couple more things. There is a hospital parking garage across Broad street. Safe, 24 hours, staffed lobby, park after 5 pm for $6 bucks. 

Carrots: Connie had the waiter bring a gratis carrot salad in balsamic that NONE of us ever had and we are now figuring out how to make ourselves. 

For center city denizens, come to this South Philly standout and experience a true Italian dinner experience
Wow! What a meal.

I came to Ristorante Pesto hoping to find a nice Italian place I could go to when I was craving family-style Italian food but ended up getting so much more. First of all, the staff exhibit the utmost hospitality towards their guests - we were surprised by complimentary treats from the kitchen throughout our meal followed by the owner checking up on us.

The food was tasty and plentiful. I loved the veal saltimbocca alla romana and would probably order it again. My only disappointment was that I couldn't make room for more delicious food.
Came for dinner with the family.  It was a rainy Sunday evening and were lucky to get a reservation due to cancellation from the weather.  A reservation is a must.  Loved that they were super friendly on the phone and when we arrived.

We were seated promptly though took a bit for our waitress to get to us.  We brought our own bottle of wine - no corkage fee!!!!  FYI, wine only is allowed to be brought in.

The list of specials is immense.  I was impressed that our waitress had them all memorized.  We ordered an eggplant rollatini appetizer for the table to share and I had the seafood pasta special that was featured on the Rachel Ray show. 

They start the meal by bringing you bread and a plate of balsamic glazed carrots.  The bread dipped in the oil on the table was really good.  I just wish that they had dish of grated Parmesan to add to the oil. Loved the carrots!  It is a cold dish.  Hubby was surprised when he bit into one and it was cold.  The eggplant came with four rolled eggplants pieces.  Perfect for the four of us!  They were really delicious!  The best thing we ordered!  Three of the four of ordered the seafood pasta and all of us were disappointed.  The lobster was way over cooked and ended up being pretty chewy and lacking of flavor.  Daughter thought the shrimp also over cooked but mine were fine.  Wish the sauce had more flavor too.  Thought the sauce would be more similar to the sauce we had on the eggplant, which was bursting with richness and flavor.  I added some dried chilies to mine just to give it some sort of kick.

I would return but I would order something different like maybe the Zuppa di Pesca.

I thought the prices to be quite reasonable.  A good value!
Had THE best experience here last week! Came for my bday dinner with my girls. Made a ressy cause I would rather die than show up anywhere without a ressy. The place is super quaint and cute. Kinda small but you don't feel like you're on top of each other. 

We started with some apps - got the bruschetta and a special 3-layer salad with avocado and crab...I'm drooling thinking about it. They sent out balsamic carrots and a mushroom app on the house. So nice and so delicious. Highly recommend the mushroom appetizer it was SO good. 

For my entree I got the chicken parm I wish I had some room to finish it...so good!!! All of my girlfriends were super pleased with their meals, which is hard to come by with this group, so I was very impressed. 

For dessert we split a cannoli, once again, delicious. 

Service was speedy and for what you get it's super affordable! I can't wait to come back. Oh, and it's BYOB! Amazing!!! 

Disclaimer-I was too drunk to take pics of my food! :-(
What an awesome quintessential South Philly Italian spot! I came here with two friends on a Friday night.  We didnt have reservations and the place was packed, but the hostess was able to squeeze us in. We only waited 10 minutes. The restaurant has a full bar but allows you to bring your own wine, and no corkage fee! We brought two bottles of wine. Once seated, we were quickly greeted by our awesome waitress, who recited the many evening specials from memory. I was very impressed with her knowledge of the menu. 

For appetizers, we ordered the braesol, the burrata, and fried calamari. Everything was very good, and the calamari was amazing. It was fresh and fried to perfection. The server brought complimentary marinated carrots and roasted red pepper salad with mozzarella balls. We were really grateful for those extra sides. They were very delicious. 

For dinner I got the chicken parmesan with a side of spaghetti. It comes with potatoes and the pasta side was extra, but so worth it. My one buddy got the steak stuffed with crab meat in a wine cream sauce and my other buddy got the baby lamb chop special. All of our meals were phenomenal. I was extremely taken aback by the awesome flavors. I really loved the marinara sauce. The portions were really big and the prices were really affordable, especially given the portion sizes. I cant wait to come back.
Amazing!!! I went here on a Wednesday night with my girlfriends to celebrate my birthday. It was pretty busy for Wednesday night but we had a reservation, you probably could have walked in a got a table shortly. 

When we first sat down they came over to offer us water and open on wine (it's byob or they have a full bar). The waitress was so friendly. She told us all the specials. They had a ton of specials it was like a whole new menu, everyone sounded delicious. We ordered calamari for an app. I ordered pasta with shrimp, crab meat, and lobster in a blush sauce. 

After we ordered they brought us out from FREE apps. They gave us cooked carrots in a balsamic garlic sauce with walnuts, it was very good. Then they enough tradition bread and oil. They also brought our bruschetta with a side of roasted red peppers and mozzarella cheese. Then our huge plate of calamari arrived. All the apps were delicious! We filled up on them a little to much.

Next the pastas came, everyone really enjoyed their dishes and they were huge. I have leftovers for a few meals. We finished the meal off with the homemade tiramisu, which was big enough for 3 people to split. This place reminded me of a true restaurant in Italy. It was amazing.

The lighting is a little bright in there, I think it just noticeable because the walls are white. Doesn't give off that romantic vibe you might get at an Italian Restaurant.  

Overall it was an amazing experience and restaurant. I can't wait to go back and try other items on the menu!
Authentic Classic Italian.  Great service with a huge menu and lots of specials. Awesome fluffy gnocchi. Great pastas all around.
I decided to give this place a shot based on the Yelp reviews which almost never fail me.  However, this place is average at best.  First, it was  noisy.... which would be OK if the food was good...it wasn't.  While the portions were large .......... that usually indicates average food....as was the case. The veal was tough and full of gristle.  Nothing tasted home made....food was drowned in average tasting sauces.  Reminded me of an old neighborhood tap room that served dinner to the locals.
Hostess was very nice 
Waitress was disinterested in us 
The food was average for south philly 
They should serve more pesto
The pesto gnocchi were doughy and pesto was thin and creamy but not very flavorful
Veal stuffed with cheese was best dish
Chicken parm was ok - didn't come with any sides
Or pasta
Caesar salad - meh
Veal scallopini needed more seasoning
Overall decent but nothing special
This is my absolute hands down favorite Italian place in Philly. First off, everyone that works here is so nice and friendly. The owner/manager walks around greeting tables from time to time and anyone who has worked the hostess stand really takes their time to get to know you. You can immediately tell after maybe 15-30 minutes of sitting down that this is a family-run establishment and they really care about their customers, new and old. 

Service has always been really good. If you think you know what you want from looking at the menu, wait to hear the specials. I've never heard so many specials/items off the menu before and every waiter/waitress has recited them perfectly without any hesitation every single time. Once you've ordered, they'll bring out bread and a cooked carrot in balsamic vinegar and garlic which I could eat every day for the rest of my life.

For your meal, you can't go wrong with any of the items on the menu (or off the menu). Some of my favorites are the eggplant rollatini appetizer, the steak braciole appetizer, the grilled lamb chops, seafood cavatappi, squid ink linguine, lasagna. And I can't finish this review without raving about their GNOCCHI. They are like little fluffy clouds in my mouth. They're the softest and best gnocchi I've had and you can have them in their house rose sauce (yum!), pesto sauce, or the creamy decadent gorgonzola sauce. Just really phenomenally done modest italian food.

Portions are super big so come hungry or prepare for a repeat lunch the next day. And did I mention it's also BYOB? They have a full service bar but they also allow you to bring your own drinks/wine. 

I can't stop saying good things about this place. I try to take guests from out of town here when I can. Definitely call in advance to make reservations, they're usually pretty packed/booked out.
Worst experience ever.  We were celebrating our 40th wedding anniversary with my family, all six of us. We had a 5:00 reservation and got there on time. Right away the hostess told us we only had an 1 1/2 hr to eat. OK. So the kitchen took forever to get our app. and entrees  out to us. Cant believe when they asked us to hurry because another party was waiting for our table.The food was so so. 
The hostess threw a few deserts down on the table and reminded us again that another party was waiting for the table.   How rude.  I was in the mood for an espresso and cake to celebrate my 40 years of marriage.  Never again will I go to Pesto. They even packed up an extra slice of cheese cake upside in the container. Such a disappointment.
Had a great meal with my 2 girlfriends.  Portions are very large, be warned.  Tillapia special was amazing, as was the house made cavatappi with lots of shellfish & vodka blush.  Service was very good.  The decor is fine, traditional family Italian restaurant.  Great value for your money.
I would give this place 10 stars if I could.. It has been my go to Italian BYOB for years so when my boyfriend was planning his work xmas dinner/party I knew Pesto would be perfect and let me tell you.. It was a HUGE hit!  We had about 20 people in a private room and every single dish was made to order and absolutely delicious. I don't think one person had a bad thing to say about this place.. please keep in mind half of our group were firemen ;) By the end of the night we were loud and probably wore out our welcome but the staff remained cool and just let us enjoy our night. This place is awesome!
Researching Yelp always pays off.  Looking for a place to have dinner before a concert at Academy of Music in Philly.  Decided on Ristorante Pesto.  What a choice.  True authentic Italian dinning.  I would have to say the reviews of this awesome restaurant are on target.   

You will most likely be greeted and or shown to you table by Concetta.  She will treat you like your part of the family.  She told us to listen carefully to the special and order something you might not normally order.  We did exactly that.  

First time visit got a complimentary appetizer of eggplant, spinach, ricotta, (I think that is what it was) in a blush type sauce, YUM.  Carrots in balsamic, yes carrots in balsamic, different and delicious.  My wife had the cavatelli with shrimp and lobster.  I had the black ink linguini with shrimp, clams and mussels.  My oh my was it delicious.  This was my first time ordering black ink pasta and I was not disappointed.  Desert was homemade ricotta cheesecake and tiramisu.  Forgo the salad and save room for desert, you will be glad you did.

The staff was extremely attentive.  Parking was on street but not an issue.  Pesto is BYOB with no fee.  Wine is available if you do not want to BYOB.  

We highly recommend Ristorante Pesto if you are looking for great Italian dinning experience.
The best South Philly restaurant hands down. Unique little vibe since it's upscale with a strong South Philly influence. From apps to dessert, it's delicious across the board. AND it's a byo to boot!

Perfect for a special occasion, or if you go early, it's great for a casual dinner.

And no, I have no idea what those vegetables that are brought to the table after you order....Can someone get back to me on that?
My mate and I came here for Valentine's Day dinner 2017. I called them at around 4:45/5pm the night of and they let me know they had a cancellation at 6:15 and 7:45 so I chose the earlier time. At around 6 I realized we were running way late and had to cancel. I called them and they were so nice and accommodating, asking what time would work best for me. Even though they had a full house, they were able to find us a lovely table the second we walked in. 

Upon entering, we were greeted and handed a mini box of chocolates! How cute! It instantly put a smile on my face. Anyways, we were told they had a full bar, but that you could bring wine with no additional corkage fee, and they were right! We brought both a bottle of red and a bottle of champagne, and they opened both, brought us both red wine glasses AND champagne glasses, and provided us with a cute champagne cooler/stand to keep our bubbly cold. We felt very fancy. 

We were given a perfect amount of time to decide what we wanted to eat (the server wasn't too pushy or disappeared for 20 mins). However, when he read us the specials he did so very quickly and I had to ask him to repeat at least 4 of them (there were many...maybe too many), but it was a nice touch that he had them memorized. Having served food myself I know the extra touch this provides. 

In the process of deciding what we wanted, the owner or manager (female, black hair) stopped by our table to greet us and tell us that their eggplant special that night was to die for and that they had a special menu item that was featured on the Rachel Ray show. She asked how we heard about them and I said "Yelp" and she smiled. 

Anyways, my mate ordered the fettuccine with prosciutto and I got the salmon with all the shellfish (I can't remember the name). After ordering, we were brought bread and balsamic roasted/soaked carrots. My suggestion to them would be to serve the bread warm and to serve butter in dishes, not plastic individual things. For such a. I e place, it was odd to see butter come in that form. I would imagine seeing it in dishes would be cheaper as well, but who knows. The balsamic carrots though...sounds odd and I raised an eyebrow when they came (I have never heard of that before) but they were very very good. I took the rest home. Apparently the chef makes his or her own balsamic. Mmm. 

After about 5 mins, despite not having ordered the eggplant app at the recommendation of both the owner/manager (we were just not that hungry), behold! They bring one out anyway! On the house! I am mad we didn't order this at their suggestion because, despite the amazing meal, this was undeniably the best part. Good job, guys. Very authentic. 

We enjoyed our meals. The portions were large. The salmon dish I got with other seafood was absolute LOADED with lump crab meat (an absolute steal for the price). 

We finished our evening with espresso and a cannoli to go. Overall a fantastic experience. The reason I didn't give all of the starts is because of 1) the cold bread, 2) the butter packets and 3) the specials. Too many and spoken too quickly. Otherwise, keep up the good work. I will be back!!!
After all the hype, we decided to try this place for a birthday dinner. It didn't live up to the hype for 3 of our 4 person group. 

The Pros:
We got the carrots appetizer, bruschetta, eggplant roll appetizer and mussels appetizers. The appetizers were pretty good, especially the eggplant. That alone took the cake for the evening. Very delicious. The service was excellent too. If I could rate the service, I'd give it five yelps.

The Cons: 
The bruschetta app had too much like raw onion and not enough tomatoes. It was an uneven ratio and wasn't balanced. For dinner two of us had the Pollo Ai Carciofi, chicken parm, and pesto gnocchi. The chicken parm was average. The Pollo Ai Carciofi was a chicken breast sliced in half in a pool of broth. It left a lot to be desired and both people agreed it lacked flavor. The pesto gnocchi was terrible. Pesto as a sauce here was just bad. It was too much almost flavorless sauce. If it was the rose sauce on it that was on the eggplant rolls, it probably would've been good. 

We won't be returning. Food just wasn't anything to get excited about.
This is the BEST Italian meal I have had in ages. I used to like in the "Burg" (Chambersburg) section of Trenton when it was dotted with Italian restaurants, and have been craving authentic Italian food ever since I moved away.  

In addition to a fabulous menu, Pesto's list of specials was very tempting... everything sounded delicious! The food was exceptional, the service amazing, and everyone in the restaurant were enjoying their night out. Although this was my first visit, they made me feel like family. I will definitely return to try something more, and hopefully will have room for either dessert or a nightcap!
Grew up not far from here and I'm a Jersey girl now but this recommended restaurant was worth every minute it took to cross the Walt Whitman bridge to get here. From the waitress who was excellent to our authentic Italian dinner this place is not to be missed. Carrots in balsamic dressing. Chicken soup. Fish. Chicken. Seafood. Vegetables. Bruschetta. Shrimp wrapped in a flaky crust. Gelato. And the most heavenly smelling coffee!  The owner made a lovely visit to the table to make sure we had everything we needed. Our waitress was never intrusive. She never interrupted our conversation. I can only say that this restaurant is a must do. But please make a reservation. It's truly authentic. We will return and recommend to all our friends.
Comfortable, semi-fancy decor (no need to dress up or anything) on Broad St. just up from where Passyunk meets Broad.  So, the location is pretty convenient for anyone in the Italian Market neighborhood that stretched down into South Philly.  BYOB, so pick up a cheap bottle or two on the way over.

They had an overwhelming lists of specials!  Even though the waiter recited and recalled each dish with precision, it would have been better if they had them printed out.  Waaay to much to remember.

Bread was decent and plentiful.  Every table also got a somewhat strange plate of cooked carrots and potatoes along with the bread.  Not a custom I was familiar with, but tasty nonetheless. Fried calamari appetizer was traditional and tasty, not that you can easily mess that one up.   The other appetizer was a shrimp wrapped in bacon wrapped in a puff pastry that was pretty tasty.  

I tried the special salad, which was a walnut/sun dried tomato combo w/ house balsamic vinaigrette that I quite enjoyed.  It was a big damn salad too, so I can't complain.

As for the entrees, everybody seemed to enjoy.  The pasta dish my stepmom ordered was HUGE, my chicken special (topped with eggplant, roasted red peppers in a red sauce) had two sizable pieces of chicken.  Actually, my dad (who ordered veal medallions in a cream sauce) was the only one who actually finished his dish.

Plus I think everything was exceptionally well priced, especially for the size of the dishes--obviously we took home a healthy portion of left-overs on 2 out of 3 dishes, which is always a plus in my book.

Check this place out--classic Italian food done well.
First time visitor,  my sister and brother in law highly recommended.
Nice place a little crowded by layout but awesome food and very friendly weight staff. 
I had the lamb parm. Very good 5 stars to the chef.  Seemed very authentic Italian restaurant .
Would go again, good place to get decent food at a fair price.
I am so confused by all of these rave reviews.  When my boyfriend and I went a few weekends ago, the food was absolutely horrible.  I left as hungry as I came because the dishes were borderline inedible.  We started with the calamari which wasn't too bad.  I had the Salmone alla Griglia, which was really, really basic and plain.  It was just a heap of salmon over a bed of greens.  The sauce was nearly non-existent and the salmon was tough and dry.  I honestly can't remember what he had, but I know we were both disappointed.  Our waitress was very sweet, but even with her kindness I wouldn't go back.
I live very close to this spot and I think this place is very good. I've been here no less than 20 times. Everything is consistently very good. I recommend the pasta dishes as well as the braciole app along with the bacon wrapped shrimp app. I think that the meat dishes are only OK but the seafood dishes are exceptional. Given how much I have been the specials can get to be a little repetitive and boring since nothing about them changes too much. However, you can't really go wrong here and I also think that they are a step above some of the other Italian BYOBs along South Broad Street.

Definitely worth a try if you're in the area and looking for a cute BYO.
I'm being completely honest and serious when I say that this was hands-down the best Italian meal I've EVER had in my life. I'm still drooling over the memory of their food. Can someone please maybe take me back here so I can relive that gastronomically amazing night?

To elaborate, I went here on a friend-date with someone who has been coming to Pesto for years. He knows the family, knows the menu, and as such I basically told him to order for me. He told me that as delicious as the regular menu is, the specials are what you should order from because there are seriously like 10-12 additional items (that every sever has memorized, which is pretty impressive). So we went with cheese and something else stuffed eggplant in a blush sauce, crab-stuffed something in a blush sauce, and we were sent out a complimentary plate of clams casino. Each dish was absolutely delectable. The eggplant thing was so savory but not that heavy for being in such a rich sauce. The crab was cooked perfectly and I wish I could remember what else was in it the dish but I'm writing this like 3 weeks after the meal so oops, my bad. For my entree, I ordered cavatelli in a blush sauce with lobster, shrimp, and crab meat. This literally was the best food I've ever put into my body. The pasta was cooked perfectly, as was the seafood, and I swear the blush sauce that they use is made by angels and sent down from heaven in a golden pot because I've never had a sauce that good. I could only eat half of my meal, which was a good thing because I had some killer left overs. 

The place itself is exactly what you'd expect in terms of a South Philly Italian restaurant. Full of people who have been coming to this place for years which gives it a really home-y feel. The service was impeccable and the owners really took interest in how the meal was. All in all, this is basically my new favorite Italian restaurant in the whole world.

Note: It's BYO for wine but they do have a beer and liquor license.
Huge portions here! The prices here reflect the quality but also the portions. It's BYO but they also have a bar for drinks/ wine. 

Everything we got was amazing, and a few extras they threw in for us

The staff is so nice, the woman owner was so friendly and welcoming

So many options from meat to seafood. The mixed seafood was towering in the bowl. We took leftovers and absolutely had no room for dessert ( wish we did tho!!!)
wonderful atmosphere!!! comfortable, and BYOB fresh food, amazing service....after the boyfriend and i, brought a bottle of red wine, and could get the cork open, a nice family traded bottles with us, so we could! love love love!!!!!
I've heard so many locals rave about this place I had to try it out when an out of town friend came to visit. I was not at all impressed.

Plenty of better places around town.
What a fabulous hidden gem. I'm super fussy when it comes to restaurants ... My friend got us a gift card for Christmas, throughout the whole dinner I kept thinking .... Why did we wait to come here? We had a 6 o'clock reservations for 4, and were seated right away . 
Ordered 3 apps & 2 salads and honestly I could not even pick a favorite, they were all super fresh & super delicious. And the rosa sauce is probably the BEST I've ever had. And I've been to a lot of good Italian restaurants.  

The Bronzino was like no other, stuffed with all fresh seafood and piping hot. I brought most of it  home because the portions of everything we ordered at first were so large and filling we couldn't stop eating. 

Our server Jackie was friendly & efficient. Explained every one of their special and answered all of my questions. 

Connie who I believe is the owner was radiant and super friendly, as soon as we walked in the door. She hugged us and was so warm ... I almost thought I was in her personal home !  Just a beautiful family experience. 

You will thank me after your visit to this beautiful place. I love supporting family owned businesses and this is a place not to miss ! 

Thanks for a great night and AMAZING FOOD !
Stumbled upon this place when I was craving Italian food. From a suggestion by a friend, went ahead and decided to try this place out.

Originally, I called in and there were no open tables. Promptly got a call 5 minutes later from the hostess with a table [seriously, what luck.]. We came in and we were treated so well. 

The food was absolutely delicious and we can see why so many people are in love with this restaurant! Definitely suggest getting the crab salad and eggplant appetizers (they're not on the menu but the gracious waiters will tell you all the amazing specials at your table). We also ordered the gnocchi in rose sauce & the special pasta (can't remember the name but it had shrimp, lobster and crab?). Everything was cooked amazingly and flavored perfectly. 

As if that wasn't enough, the owner (I'm guessing) came by our table and gave us complimentary bruschetta AND the ricotta cheesecake. Again, delicious. We were absolutely stuffed to the brim.

But needless to say, we will definitely be coming back. 

note: you definitely need a reservation! But you could be lucky and get a call back within the day.
Don't usually write reviews, but felt compelled after the gastronomic delight which was my party's meal here, as well as meeting the equally charming owner on the way out. Best gnocchi hands down I've ever had. Amazing bruschetta, eggplant and balsamic carrot apps. Endless specials - which the servers somehow have memorized to a T. Charming atmosphere, superlative service and all the best of South Philly - what's not to like?! Went here on the first night I met my girlfriend's parents, most recently went with my girlfriend's sister and boyfriend, and hope to make it a tradition of sorts (if we can get a reservation!) for many years to come. Can't recommend more.
Absolutely delicious. Wonderful servers who are incredibly friendly and helpful. Food was tasty and great variety of choices. Felt very comfortable eating inside with covid protocol.
I am clearly not "getting" this place.  I see the reviews and practically every person is raving.  I am sorry that I cannot join in on the praise.  So here we go...  Reservations made for a second visit.  The first visit was ok..nothing spectacular.  We tried again based on the awesome reviews.  Upon entering, and giving our name, we are escorted to a table directly in front of the bar.  Not a problem except I have a cane and stairs are a big deal for me.  I don't like to complain and call attention to my disability, so I toughed it out and hauled my butt up the steps.  Now, I would have hoped that a cognizant hostess might have used some critical thinking skills and said..hey, let's seat down here, but alas...

So, seated by the bar.  Waiter was extremely nice and professional.  Also, the same for the support staff--all very nice.  We began with mussels.  They came out clearly reeking of burnt garlic and swimming in some sort of oily red sauce.  One bite and of course they went right back.  How that dish made it out of the kitchen is beyond me.  I mean, burnt garlic is unmistakable and so bitter.  So we skipped starters and ate bread--which was very good by the way.

On to dinners--I had the special of lobster and crab cavatelli--and guess what sauce it came in?  You got it, rose!  Now, the sauce was basically good.  However, let's talk about the stuff in the sauce---lobster a few pieces, overcooked and very tough--crab--not little nuggets--just sort of stringy little pieces throughout the sauce--and scallops--for the love of all that is holy--please, restaurant people STOP cutting scallops in half to stretch them...scallops are not(naturally) a little over a 1/4 of an inch thick!! The cavatelli were ok--not great, not awful--a bit bland.

My partner in crime got the Chicken Carciofi.  Chicken was fairly thin, and swimming in a kind of bland sauce--very soupy.  Would have been OK if it was over pasta--but as others have commented, they serve with a side of veggies.  These were a mix of potatoes and broccoli that were way overcooked and mushy.

Cappuccino was wonderful and then the bill came---my dinner was $26!  Kind of overpriced to be splitting scallops--just saying.  We have NO problem dropping dough on dinner and frequently dine out. 

So then, we leave and the hostess who saw me come in WITH A CANE, is now INTENTLY watching  me maneuver down the stairs (honestly, its not a pretty sight), and I can tell she is thinking:  "I hope she doesn't take a header off my stairs."  Never says, gee I'm sorry I didn't notice you had a cane--nothing.

So, long story short--not returning.  I wish I had better things to say :(
Chef Giovanni Varallo = genius & virtuoso 
In our experience, one of America's greatest.
Our entire meal was a joy to be savored. 
Hospitality excellence.
Venue spacious comfortable spotlessly clean tidy well run. 
Beverage service excellence AND BYO WINE ZERO CORKAGE!

Our highest and best recommendations for Ristorante Pesto 1915 south broad st Philadelphia Pa., where it's  always SUNNY  5 FULL STARS.

Love to return often and work our way through the extensive menu.
Truly a great VALUE and very special family place.

Blessings from Simon and Wendy in NAPIER New Zealand.
If I could give more than 5 stars, I 100% would! The food, the service- amazing! 

Let's start with Sal our server- amazing! Recited the impressive specials list- all which sounded amazing! 

My fiancé had the cesar salad and I had the special crab avocado salad- both huge and awesome! We also split the stuffed braciole which was. AMAZING! They even gave us an order of eggplant rollatini, complementary which was amazing! Their Rosa sauce is INSANE! For entrees I had the salmon entree with tasty shrimp crab muscles and clams in a Rosa- amazing. Matt had the gnocchi in Rosa- literally pillows in your mouth!

Concetta is the most wonderful and sweet owner ever! She came and chatted with my fiancé and I towards the end of our meal. Matt couldn't finish his gnocchi but with her convincing he did- and she brought him out a take out dish for tomorrow as he told her he was torn because he was hoping for leftovers for tomorrow. How amazing?!

We then got the cheesecake and gelato chocolate martini for dessert- both amazing! Sal then threw in two shots of lemoncello!

We have been to every solid Italian restaurant in south Philly and Pesto BY FAR is the best! 100% will return!
Came here with my fiancée based on prior reviews and expecting a great dinning experience.  Left here thinking that there was more than one thing missing.

Overall the experience and service was just mediocre.  

For starters we ordered the burrata special and Caesar salad.  When they brought out the food we also received a free plate of roasted carrots but I have the say the best appetizer on the table was the glass of tap water.   The prosciutto on the burrata was almost 40% fat and the rest of the food was fairly bland.

For the main course we ordered one of the special menus (don't even think about asking for any substitutions because absolutely nothing is allowed or considered) and the chicken parm.  

I for one don't understand places that serve chicken parm without any pasta.   The actual dish came out with a ratio of 50% sauce, 35% breading and 15% chicken.   Also not sure I understand the random veggie side.   My fiancée ordered one of the special dishes which she didn't seem to enjoy at all either.

Our waitress was only visible when it came time to order food or determine our check (aka her tip).  The waitress handed us the drink menu and the only time we were asked about it was 30 seconds after we received the menu, obviously not enough time to open the menu and decided.  We were ready to order a bottle but no one ever came back to take our order.


Overall we were expecting an epic experience and received sub par service and below sub par food.
My wife and infant son were in town for a short visit and we were in the mood some solid italian cuisine.  My roots are Sicilian and enjoy some authentic flavors.   First off the hostess /owner/welcoming warm positive vibe person  felt to graciously squeeze us in as they were no longer taking tables ..Good sign as the place was double booked with parties and dates. She did as promised and beyond. They brought us samples even while waiting for our entrees. My 13 month old son was treated as if he was family, and by the end of the meal i felt like i was family and didnt want to leave.  the eggplant involtini which was a gracious sample was amazing. My wife had the cavatapi lobster shrimp in creme sauce and that was phenomenal. Lobster was perfect.  I enjoyed the Lenguine Pescatora and have to say the seafood was so fresh and perfect.  I can say my grandma would be at a challenge with that one. Later i met the chef who was such a inspirational man. He cooks along side his daughter.  I felt so comfortable and left sad i wont be able to come more often and only when in Philly. Beautiful people, who my son enjoyed. Connie the  owner was the most amazing person ive met in my travels. she reminded me of my mother. the other patron all were in such great spirits. the food is fresh well priced and the only suggestion id have for my visit is hope to be back soon.  im in love
Great service and great food! This place gets packed so definitely make a reservation ahead of time. My favorite dish here was the portobello mushroom appetizer in a blush cream sauce! I should have ordered a main pasta dish with that sauce too because it was so good. Other things I tried were the fettuccine alfredo and gnocchi with pesto sauce. Both were also very good! My friend ordered the seafood squid ink pasta special. She lived the noodles but thought the seafood itself could have been cooked a little better.
Boy was this a nice change from the other Italian eateries in Philadelphia. It had an old school hospitality mixed with traditional Italian cooking, combined with a very good waiter staff and host. We were given the specials and they all sounded delightful and very detailed which i appreciated. Instead of opting for that initial special our first time there, we tried the fried calamari, the pesto gnocchi, the rose gnocchi, and the lemon cake.

The staff was walking around and the loveliest host slash owner I believe asked us questions and was very sweet about the whole experience. The balsamic carrots had nice flavor and the complementary fried portobellos were the greatest thing because it let you taste their sauce.
At the end of the table were the cheese and the spices so you didn't have to ask like you usually do at a restaurant.

The food tasted great and the staff were great, the decor was simple, the menu was simple, this places tastes good. The lemon cake was also very nice. The gnocchi both the pesto and the rose had strong flavors both that I would go again for, not salty but just right. I am looking forward to go again.
The food here was absolutely fantastic. I'd heard rave reviews about it from friends who live in the area and decided to stop by en route to D.C. not knowing that it was a fairly upscale restaurant. Due to it being the night before Valentine's, they were really booked up, but they were able to get my co-worker and I a table, so we could try it out. 

We had appetizers as well, and everything was superb. 
The ladies that run the place treated us like their favorite nephews. They were so friendly and welcoming. We were in military combat uniform heading home from training and felt badly being dressed down, but they asked us to stay and were so nice and brought the food quickly, so we could get back on the road. 

Prices are around the $15-35 range for most meals. 

This place would be ideal for a date night. 

Oh, parking can be problematic, but if you pass the restaurant on your right abd drive down a block or two, you'll probably find free street parking...free as in available and no meters. :-)
I am really not sure how this gets such good reviews. The food here is marginal at best. The complimentary portabellas in "Rosa sauce" are just swimming in a nondescript sauce. The calamari was rubbery.  They have 27 specials on a Saturday night???  We ordered 3 and wish we hadn't. The eggplant rollatini was literally inedible. It was like they fried eggplant stuffed it with spinach and ricotta and served it. Never baked it. Smothered in the Rosa sauce again. The pasta with bolognese sauce was certainly not a bolognese sauce. Simply baked pasta with a meat sauce. The squid ink pasta was halfway decent. The only good dish was the veal Marsala. There are a lot better Italian restaurants in Philly give them a try. This place is not worth it.
If you are looking for authentic, delicious Italian food, just stop reading and go to ristorante Pesto. I'm an Italian girl with a soft spot for homemade noodles and this place did not disappoint. I had the puffed shrimp appetizer, Cavatelli for my meal, and gelato for dessert. I would order any one of those dishes again - so so good! The service was friendly and authentic Philly - we're talking "yous guys" and "wooder" to drink  parking isn't terrible either for being in Philly. We parked less than a block away. 

This is a place you don't want to miss!
First thing's first: This place is BYO (wine only). 

I ate at Pesto earlier this week and I am still eating leftovers! As soon as you walk in you are treated like family. The owner, the chef, and the staff are all so welcoming and willing to answer any and all of your questions. You must and I say MUST get the portobello mushroom appetizer which is made and served in their homemade blush sauce. I have no idea what is in that sauce, but it was the best sauce EVER. Complimentary bread and glazed carrots are served with every table. Our table also ordered the eggplant rolls as an appetizer which are thinly sliced eggplant, fried, filled with ricotta and spinach, and then rolled and backed in a sauce. Couldn't finish it all so I packed part of it for home and it was just as good the next day. Do not make the mistake of eating all of the bread, because you'll get full. =)

When I tell you they serve one pound of pasta as an entreé I'm not lying! There was so much pasta in my dinner entreé dish it looked like I didn't even make a dent in it. I had ordered the linguine with lobster and shrimp. Delicious. For dessert I had to get the cheesecake (momma's recipe). Light and airy I ate about 80% of it (even though I was full lol). 

The owner comes around a few times throughout the night to check on all the guests. I love that about this place. It's truly a family run establishment and they care about their customers. I'll be back!
This chef here is pure genius! Authentic Italian cuisine has never been so good in the states. I have traveled to several countries in Italy and the cuisine here reminded me a lunch in Sorrento. The ambiance is beautiful and the service is great. Please be sure to make reservations as you don't want to be disappointed if you can not be seated.

This restaurant came highly recommended and it took me a while to get here, but I am glad I made it. To start the meal off we were served hearty sourdough bread. The bread was rich and filling. After having the bread we tried the mozzarella for an appetizer. The mozzarella was fried lightly and melted in your mouth. The entree I had was a black squid ink pasta with mixed seafood. The pasta was tender and the seafood was fresh. I also was also able to taste some sort of pasta with crabmeat. The food portions were huge & service was impeccable! 

Do yourself a favor, make it a point to go here for a great meal!
Went to this place based off recommendations. I came here with my boyfriend and was honestly blown away. The service was honestly amazing and everyone was exceptionally friendly. The food as well was INCREDIBLE. I never write reviews but this place deserved it!
I was here with 2 girlfriends for dinner on a Wednesday night. We were seated right away. I must say, the spacing of the tables was great, we didn't feel like we were on top of other patrons. The waitress was very friendly and attentive. Love that its a BYOB. We ordered calamari to start, and the waitress brought out brushetta with mozzarella and roasted red peppers for us on the house which was SO GOOD and super nice of her! she also brought us balsamic carrots which were interesting, never had them like that before! We all had pasta specials, 2 of us got a seafood pasta in a rose sauce while the other got a pesto sauce. All 3 of them were awesome, we had leftovers to take home since the portions were large. We ordered the tiramisu for our dessert to share, it was amazing. Honestly, they know what they are doing here.. the food is really, really tasty. Overall, I really liked Pesto a lot! I am curious what their other private rooms feel like. My only suggestion to them would be that they dim the lighting a bit. It felt a little too bright for a dinnertime setting. I will likely be back!
Mediocre at best.  If you are in South Philly and you want authentic Italian, trek a bit more sout to L'Angolo.
Not sure why it took me so long to try this place. If you haven't been, Pesto is a must if you love Italian food and superb service.

I knew this place would be amazing when I called for a reservation, got no answer and then received a call back from the restaurant! Yes, you will need a reservation for weekends - this place is popular and rightly so.

They have a full bar, but you can bring your own wine, which is awesome. We started with the Eggplant special appetizer, which was filling on its own. We were also treated to FREE appetizers (carrots and bruschetta.) For entrees, you can share for $5 extra and I recommend it, as the portions are HUGE. I've never been to an Italian place where the portions are this big! I tried the gnocchi and it looked like a plate of fluffy pillows! It was definitely satisfying. 

My husband and I can't wait to return and try some of the meat options, since we both opted for pasta this time around. If you want good food and stellar service, Ristorante Pesto is the place to be!
We were absolutely spoiled here with the extra stuff they gave us.

An authentic, homely Italian restaurant in the middle of South Philly. We were given some cooked carrots(!) in balsamic vinegar and bread/cornbread with butter before we ordered anything. Then had some mozzarella and peppers on the house as well.

Then we had some burrata and prosciutto. Alfredo pasta with prosciutto. A daily special: Squick ink pasta with shrimp and mussels in tomato/rose(?) sauce. And veal parm with a side of potatoes, onions, and string beans.

Everything was just done so well (ok, except maybe the carrots had too much balsamic, but it was on the house, so no worries there). The alfredo was thick and creamy; the veal parm, well seasoned; the squick ink pasta, great mixture.

I had some veal parm leftover and had it the next day for lunch, and it was still heavenly.

Oh my god, I seriously regret writing this at night. I really want to go back.

Popular place with not too many seats, so call ahead for reservations.
Wonderful little authentic Italian spot on Broad St. Cozy and familiar. Everyone seemed to know one another. The food and wine were great as was the service. They even helped me find a plant based (no meat or dairy) dish, penne with tomato and veggies. Fabulous!
Went for a birthday celebration.  Table of 18 was comfortable accomadated.   Food was excellent.  Started with little bracioles, calamari and eggplant rolatini.  All were excellent!  Braciole had a nice grilled taste to it and was tender.  The eggplant was best I've had.   The star of the show however was a special which was cavatelli(homemade) with shrimp crab and lobster in a rose sauce.  It was amazing!  Our server Rita was lovely and handled the large party seamlessly.  She just added to an already great experience.  Will definitely repeat
YUM! Looked for a new BYOB to check out with my boyfriend, brother and his girlfriend and we made the right choice! If I was being super picky, the inside could have been a little more romantic, maybe the lights dimmed a little more just for effect. Aside from that everything else was amazing. We split the bruschetta, which was great, and I got a warm crab and radicchio salad which was unbelievable, the balsamic dressing was the perfect accompaniment to the heartiness of the salad. Then came the star of the night, the pasta. I got the pesto gnocchi which is a must if you're going to a place called pesto. They did not disappoint! Soft and pillowy, melt in your mouth pieces of heaven.  My brother got the Gorgonzola gnocchi, and it was the same taste of heaven. Yum. We will definitely be back!
This family oriented business has reallly good pasta and appetizers. The service is excellent the staff and even the owner make you feel part of the family.
Def make a reservation before you come! 
The staff is super welcoming right as you step foot in the restaurant. Everyone's very friendly and attentive. All of the food we had were amazing!! We also received a complementary stuffed mushroom parm that was fantastic. Also couldn't get enough of the white wine sauce from the mussels. I would've probably drank it all if I didn't order so many entrees! I highly recommend the the shrimp and lobster ravioli. The desserts were also to DIE for! It was my first time here and def will not be my last!! I'm already planning for my next trip bc I can't stop dreaming about what I just ate. 

I also really loved that it was BYO (for wine)!
If you want home made, perfectly chew al dente pasta made from the likes of someone's Italian grandmama, this is the place. 

I came here with a couple of girls to celebrate the night and I am still thinking of their squid ink pasta. Honestly, I hate to say this, but anything you get here will be delicious: from the wine to the meatballs to the pasta and desserts. If you're aiming for best eats here, go for anything seafood and pasta. You will be set. 

Since I am still thinking about my squid ink pasta and delicious seafood way later. Get that and couple it with the Cantina Zaccagnini white wine and you will have meal you'll remember forever. 

Service was great and it really isn't that much based on the dollar signs. It's reasonable what you're paying for the quality you are getting.
Oh my gosh, where to begin...
My wife and I visited Philly for her birthday from CO and decided to find a nice Italian restaurant. 
When we arrived we were greeted by the beautiful Concetta. 
After making our way To our seats we settled in with a couple drinks and their two special appetizers. Concetta asked if we liked eggplant, I told her I have never had an eggplant dish I enjoyed so we passed on that special. Before our appetizers came Concetta brought us an appetizer and told us to sample a special. We devoured it! So delicious. She came back to check on us and asked how we liked it, we raved about it. She said that was the eggplant special. Unbelievable. So great! Our appetizers were an avocado, crab meat, with tomato topping and  balsamic vinegar. Again, so amazing. The other was mozzarella wrapped in steak. See the pics. 
Main courses were the specials with sea food and they too were amazing. When we get back to Philly again, this will be a must go to place. 
I highly recommend. Amazing staff. Concetta, we will return. Thanks for a special evening.
I've had a few really great meals here. The food is great, the staff is friendly and I love the fact that it's a BYOB! It is a bit pricey...we had a group of 6 and our bill was about $40 each with appetizers and entrees. Just a bit expensive when you figure in that you're not paying for any booze.

That being said, the food is great! They bring out fresh bread and carrots glazed with Balsamic Vinaigrette (I know it sounds weird, but I LOVED it! I think it's better than a brown sugar glaze!) I was with a large group both times I went and both times they gave us bruschetta on the house. They make it a little heavy on the onions, but still very good.

My favorite appetizer was definitely the eggplant rolitini. Eggplant is rolled up with ricotta and spinach and topped with a creamy blush sauce. They also have shrimp wrapped in bacon which everyone at my table was raving about, but I don't eat pork so I didn't get to partake in that dish!

 The first time I went, I had an amazing platter of Eggplant Parm. The second time I went for a special. NY Strip Steak stuffed with crabmeat and topped with fontina cheese and a mushroom glaze. YUM! Both dishes were delicious and I have always left very satisfied. 

It was a Saturday on both occasions when I ate here and both times it was very lively and full. I enjoy this sort of atmosphere, but it is definitely not somewhere I would go for a quiet, romantic dinner...at least not on the weekend. It's a good size for a small South Philly restaurant...it has a couple rooms...but you are definitely seated close to other patrons.

Overall, a great experience and I would definitely go back!
One of the best dining experiences we've ever had.  The table before us was running a couple minutes behind. After just a couple minutes of waiting, Concetta offered us each a glass of wine.  

The bread basket was great and the complimentary carrots in balsamic were simply indescribable and delicious.

The reviews for their crab and avocado as well as the eggplant with spinach appetizers from the special menu were spot on - these are a must try.  We also enjoyed the unexpected complimentary bruschetta (best I've had).  Then our entrees . . .

The cavatelli with shrimp and lobster was top notch.  My wife tried the veal varallo which she thought was absolutely delicious.  It goes without saying the sign of a great Italian restaurant is the quality of the sauce and these were some of the best we've ever had.  Our only regret is we were too stuffed to try the desserts.

This is a true dining experience.  Concetta welcomed us in like we were family and provided top tier food for an exceptionally reasonable price.  Make reservations early and you won't be disappointed.  We look forward to going back next time we are in Philly!
Randomly found Pesto a couple of years ago and was pleasantly surprised. Most of our meals here are great, and I've been a fan of their Gnocchi al Pesto since my first visit. Nothing too fancy about this place, it's run by the Varallo family I think so have fun paying attention to the decor and general construction (the Varallo's also run a contracting operation I think.)

Anyway, certainly no frills here and few pretensions. The staff are South Philly Italians all the way and are generally congenial. 

We generally enjoy the spaghetti with mussles and clams or the gnocchi. The salads are fair to good, our one truly confusing experience here included a Caesar salad with super watery dressing. At the time, we didn't know whether this was some traditional twist or not. We haven't tried it since to see whether this was their style or not. It was pretty bad.

Still, it's a fine casual byo where we usually have a great time with friends. Worth trying.
As soon as I came in, the staff was incredibly welcoming and wonderful. I was pleasantly surprised at how attentive everybody was, we were checked on by both our server, another server and the hostess multiple times throughout the night. 

I order the veal topped with prosciutto and Swiss in a Marsala and sage cream sauce. It was absolutely phenomenal and their sides of roasted potatoes with a side of green beans lightly sautéed in their house red sauce really complimented the dish well without being an overpowering side. 
They also gave us a complimentary appetizer on the house and when I mentioned my 3 year anniversary with my boyfriend and my upcoming birthday, I was surprised with a limoncello gelato for dessert. 

I will be definitely coming back here, between the amazing food and the wonderful service, you cannot go wrong here. Best Italian in Philadelphia I've had.
The crab/avocado/caper salad was mainly crabmeat compressed in a cylindrical tower.. Although not jumbo lump, it was fresh and delicious. If you got this at a more expensive, trendy restaurant in town, you would hear raves about this dish. The portobello stuffed with crabmeat was covered with a very nice blush sauce. Both of these were huge portions as an appetizer. Likewise, the grilled veggie and caesar saads were good and plentiful. 2 of us ordered the special, branzino stuffed with mussels and other seafood. This was apparently baked in aluminum foil and actually served that way. But the fish was moist and seafood fresh, very nice. The baked crabcakes had little filler and were fine but I prefer jumbo lump crabcakes.

 So why not 5 stars? It was a busy Saturday night, the waiter acted rushed and spoke quickly. We were not exactly rushed, but from sitting at the table to the end of the meal was 1 1/2  to 1 3/4 hours and we also ordered dessert. I understand their haste for us to leave with people waiting for tables. The time between courses was not quite long enough and if we ate quickly we could have been out of there in less than an hour. Likewise, if you go there on a Saturday night and only order entrees, then expect to be out in 45 minutes. I suspect if you went during the week and asked not to be rushed it would have been better. But this is still a quality place that serves very well prepared food and has good portions. You do not walk out hungry or feeling that you did not get your money's worth.
Sometimes there just aren't enough stars...

We were here for our 5:30 reservations on Saturday, 5/12/18. The restaurant was already crowded and a few others for 5:30 spots were also here. We were seated slightly before 5:30.

Spectacular restaurant, spectacular food, spectacular staff, spectacular owner. If I were a person of few words, I'd leave it at that--but I'm not.

We were here to celebrate my other half's birthday. It was a great decision on my part to pick this place, located virtually on the corner of Broad and Passyunk. Parking can be a problem, so arrive early on busy days to be sure you get a spot without being late.

The restaurant is attractive and the decor sent me back to dinners at my South Philly Italian grandmother's house--minus the slipcovers. There was plenty of room between the tables and you did not feel crowded. You are permitted to bring wine to the restaurant, but they also have a small bar. 

Crowded as it was, we were not rushed through our meal. A restaurant employee who was not our server ran through the specials with us--and pay attention because there are many of them. I could not possibly remember all of them so I just had to keep in mind what sounded like a possible entree. It was going to be either the fusili bolognese off the specials menu or the gnocchi off the regular menu. After asking the server for her recommendation, I chose the gnocchi with rosa sauce since the gnocchi is handmade daily. 

My partner chose Pollo ai Carciofi (chicken, artichokes, prosciutto and mozzarella in a delicate creamy sauce). Both entrees were substantial portions (I took half my gnocchi home but there's a reason for that). I had ordered the Pear and Walnut salad off the specials menu. It was huge and I ate all of it. It was equally as scrumptious as the entrees. With your dinner, the house provides bread, bruschetta and roasted peppers with mozzarella, and carrots in a balsamic reduction--I never would've guessed carrots could taste this good. Because I ate much of the above, by the time my gnocchi came out, I was approaching beyond full. The two margaritas contributed to the lack of stomach space.

Since you cannot make a reservation online, I had already spoken to the owner during my phone-in reservation about my spouse's birthday. I had pre-ordered the cheesecake and the restaurant put a sparkler in it. The cheesecake looked so good it seemed like it took forever for the sparkler to go out. We ate the entire piece within five minutes--full as we were.

When the bill came, I was so pleasantly surprised, I had to flip it over to be sure the alcohol cost was there. I then looked to be sure my salad was on it. It's not often you go out to eat such divine food that you think something was left off the bill.

The owner is a lovely woman who checks in with her diners frequently. She'll place her hands on your shoulders and amicably ask how things are. She does this regularly, but not obtrusively. It is familial and it is endearing. She makes me miss my S. Philly home.

Ristorante Pesto gets my highest recommendation. I would love to make this a regular stop. It is only second to my now-deceased grandmother's kitchen.
First let me get this out of the way, a lot of the restaurants I rate get fives from me and that's because I simply leave out a lot of the restaurants that I don't like. That's not to say that any place I haven't reviewed is a place I don't like but I mostly review places that I can say nice things about. And I have a lot to say about this place. 

Pesto is a pleasure from entry to exit. You're allowed to bring your own drinks with no corking fee, but wait...there is also a bar? The only reason they'd do that is to make you happy, as it clearly cuts a certain % of what they could be earning off your wine and stuff. But that's the thing about Pesto, from the hostess to the waiter to the bartender there is care taken to ensure that you're evening is in good hands. 

I got black ink pasta with shellfish and the taste really grew on me as I finished it. The use of garlic was arguably the best I'd ever seen; I don't know if the garlic was extra fresh or just perfectly utilized and cooked, but the taste of the garlic in this dish was super memorable. I also really enjoyed the eggplant rollatini, that one prosciutto entree seen in my pics, and the cavatelli in pink sauce with lobster. The bronzino was also really fresh and stuffed with shellfish and a delicious sauce. I was also lucky enough to try the rack of lamb which was excellently prepared and nicely presented. 

Highest recommendation.
Great family owned Italian restaurant. Concetta, the owner goes out of the way to make you feel like family, checked in with us several times during our meal and even sent over a complimentary appetizer. My friend and I split a delicious eggplant appetizer, black ink squid pasta with seafood but the award winning seafood cavatelli definitely stole the show.  Dinner was amazing but hospitality was a home run.  This is a restaurant that we will be back to again and again!
We arrived for our reservations and greeted promptly and informed they were getting the table ready. We were seated and immediately greeted to ask what type of water we would like. The waiter was soon to the table reciting the daily specials, which all sounded amazing! We choose the special of the crab/avocado/bruschetta salad: my Husband said this was absolutely delicious; Chicken Tortellini soup: it is the best soup I think I have ever eaten, huge chunks of chicken and a flavor that explodes in your mouth with fresh tasting pasta; Chicken Parmesan: my Son said it tasted fresh and flavorful. They also gave us some bruschetta, peppers and mozzarella cheese appetizer along with bread and balsamic carrots. Everything we ate was outstanding! This is what good eating is all about!! This place will definitely be on my must go list for Philadelphia!
My boyfriend and I came here one night without a reservation, and we weren't expecting to get sat because it was so busy, but the hostess at the front was very kind and had a table open for us. (I think her name was Coletta). When we sat at the table, our server brought out waters and told us about the specials for the night and then left. It took some time for us to place our orders because there were so many people there for holiday parties and such, but the staff gave us a complimentary appetizer on the house for making us wait. The food tasted amazing and I would highly recommend going for dinner or lunch. As we got our check and were about to leave, Coletta stopped by our table and asked us if we were having desert, and we had decided to skip desert, but Coletta decided to comp us a desert that also tasted AMAZING. The service here is top notch, and the food is just as great.
This place is AMAZING! Seriously so good. I honestly couldn't tell you what I ordered, because everything was authentic Italian. They have daily specials. I normally order one of these. Everything is made from scratch. The portions are huge! I included a pic of the left over baggie. The entrees could definitely be split, but my boyfriend and I always get our own, so we have leftovers. Also, this place is BYOB! 

The owners are so sweet. I was given a box of chocolates for Valentine's Day. The staff always goes above and beyond. 

Apparently, Pesto won the Rachel Ray Italian Showdown. They competed against restaurants in NYC and San Fran. When I was there, they were filming the restaurant. Pesto is a true gem!
Love pesto but think I just might love Pesto even more. I enjoyed the waitstaff and service and the food has always been great. I'm particularly a fan of the gnocchi gorgonzola. I think its really nice to find a restaurant that offers you bread-- let alone a small appetizer to start. I enjoy the gesture and its also delicious. Because it's in South Philly, street parking is possible.
I'm not really sure what the hype about this restaurant is, because the food isn't good. Due to all the positive reviews I was very disappointed with this restaurant. The seafood over linguine dish i ordered wasn't even fresh. The Mussels and lobster weren't fresh. The mussels were also very small. The service was nice. The soufflé was too overly sweet and chocolatey. The lamb chops had some balsamic vinegar on it which completely overpowered the flavor of the lamb chops. The carrots over balsamic vinegar was alright. It wasn't really good. My boyfriend had the mushrooms with cheese on top which was ok, but I thought it was overpriced. For over $90 that was spent the only thing good was the mango peach gelato. I won't be back.
GREAT food, comfortable and warm.  The food is amazing.  It's not white tablecloth but if I want an amazing, loving, tasty Italian meal.....this is it.
I was really excited to come here after being told Pesto had the best Italian food in Philly.  When I arrived on Friday night, the restaurant was packed but we still stayed for the 45 minute wait bc we were curious.

They have tons of specials and the waiter rattles them off by heart when you first sit down.  It was overwhelming & I wish they printed them out or at least had it written down somewhere.  They sounded delicious but I couldn't really remember anything after the 10th one.

Their bread was delicious!  They also give you carrots in vinegar & oil which was unique & tasty.  For starters we had the calamari which was alright.  Our entrees were the penne primavera in rose sauce & the gnocchi w/ lobster, crab, & shrimp.  I didn't care much for the penne and my bf didn't really care much for the gnocchi.  I'm not sure if it was high expectations that made it seem lackluster or if it really was that lackluster.

Either way, Pesto has nice service but I was not blown away and I'm not eagerly waiting to come back for seconds.
I will be going back again and again. Wow. A true family friendly place. The wife of the chef greets you at the door to start. The staff is friendly and knowledgeable. I haven't even begun about the food we got. Ha. From all the apps to the main course. Not one thing we had to complain about or anything. Everything was fresh and so damn delicious. Only thing I could complain is that I had no more room to try anything else. There's no substitutions on the menu and that there will be doing you the favor. I got the steak and came out perfect. My gf got the veal and she's always the picky one. Not one thing I heard her say besides when are we coming back. Desert was great. My gf was having tough time deciding what to get. And the chef daughter was there and suggested and tried to tell her about them. She than brought out the desert and said just try it. If don't like it send it back. Again my girl was happy. We will be back shortly. Great place.
Um, can you say delish?  This is the type of place you'll either find an absolute favorite or get a different special each time.  The special menu the night I went was nearly as long as the menu!  I had a pasta with seafood in a vodka sauce.  As my date described, it was a "stick to your bones" type of pasta, thick and doughy.  And the portion was so big it was able to feed me another 3 times!!!  

Overal,, excellent service, delicious food and great atmosphere.  I'd definitely go again!
This place was amazing!  it was just the perfect small neighborhood restaurant.  We found it on yelp and Trip Advisor.  We are from Florida and wanted the neighborhood experience and we got it. The wait staff was very attentive - right there when the plate needed to be cleared or the water or soda filled.  The owner was amazing - she came by and asked how we were and if this was our first time.  She the brought us two different appetizers which were so delicious.  This was everything we were looking for in our dining in Philadelphia.
