I had my birthday dinner at the Prime Rib tonight and I had a very nice experience.

I walked in the back entrance and was warmly welcomed by a kind lady.

I was then give a very nice seat in the main dining room and the ambiance was great. There were leopard rugs, beautiful leather chairs, live music including many verses of "Happy Birthday" and large white tablecloth tables! 

Our server, Alex, came over and took our drink orders. I got a ginger splash with a maraschino cherry. Others in the party got a variety of drinks including scotch, Chardonnay and coke.  

After a little while, our bread was finally dropped off, though I wish it came a little quicker. Either way, the bread was amazing. There were a variety of options that were all served warm and with freshly whipped butter.

At about the same time our bread came, we placed our appetizer orders. I decided to get both the house salad and seared ahi tuna, which I shared with another member of the party.

The appetizers came out very fast and were of great quality. I really enjoyed my house salad and all the toppings were very fresh. Even the dressing was good, especially with the level of creaminess. It took the salad to a whole other level. While the ahi tuna was small for the price, only three pieces for $22, it was good. I gave one piece to another party member. While he liked it, he commented that he wish it came with soy sauce. Personally, I thought it was fine without soy sauce and I especially enjoyed the lemon juice and sesame seeds on top. 

Finally, since I was at The Prime Rib, I had to get the prime rib. All I can say is that it was amazing. It was tender and full of flavor. The sesame seeds on top took the dish to a whole other level. It was also very big that I couldn't even eat it all!

While I didn't eat too many of the sides, I munched on a few. The potato skins were delicious, they were nice and crispy. Also, the grilled broccoli was great! Other people in the party raved about the sides especially the potato skins. 

Others in the party got tuna and crab (we joked that it was the most fattening thing on the menu). 

For dessert, I got the chocolate sundae. It was very good! It was served in a bowl that was surrounded on the outside by cake and a giant scoop of ice cream on the inside. It was topped off with homemade whipped cream smothered in chocolate sauce, pieces of peanuts and topped with a cherry! I also had a little of the chocolate mousse cake and while it was good, I wouldn't say it was spectacular.

While I had a very nice night, there were a few minor downsides. First, the waiter Alex was nice, but made a few minor mistakes. First, two others decided to split the shrimp cocktail, which we informed him about, but it was not split when it was brought out. Also, someone was given a lobster soup for an entree, which he did not order. Everyone at the table was a bit confused on how this mishap happened. 

Luckily, the owner came over and easily resolved the problem with the shrimp cocktail. Speaking of him, he was very nice and professional and introduced himself to the table.  

Unfortunately, I was very disappointed with the two hostesses when leaving, they were on their phones and did not even wish me a goodnight. 

Altogether, Prime Rib could improve their staff, but they serve superb food! I would definitely recommend!
This is a continuation of the previously written review: 

After the servers argument, he offered for them to cook me a new one, I agreed, but hubby was done at that point and he had had it, I saw a side back waiter and asked him to just bring my overcooked steak back, wrapped and we were ready for the check. The creamed spinach was good, not grand, the Greenburg potato skins were pure fried potato skins, no potato at all and served with a sour cream and horseradish sauce. Do it at home and save the big bucks. 

My big dilemma is we have more open table certificates that we would have loved to have used and we have no problem mentioning yelp, but they do, so I'm trying to even reason why I would want to return at this point Douglas? I hope you enjoyed your unwarranted $50.00 tip... Oh and I do hope that you read my little note on the receipt. The staff used to be welcoming, accommodating and friendly, seems to have gotten a bit snobbish, but I can take my $50.00 tips elsewhere and get a filet cooked properly without the sideshow. The service used to be stellar, but those days are gone.  

It's now a great place for older worn out men trying to pick up very used "ladies" or so it seemed, the blend of tables from floor to floor and the acoustics left conversations flow though out the restaurant, this is what made my night, have your piano player come in earlier. 

BTW, I made a dry aged standing rib roast for Christmas and hubby said it put yours to shame, I can also teach you how to cook a proper steak.
Old-school city-club dining, open to the public. Simple, classic, understated, elegant. Live jazz piano and string bass duo make this the hands-down Rittenhouse destination for swill, swank, and steak!

RITTENHOUSE 
Tucked neatly at the corner of the Warwick Hotel (and Residences) on the ground floor, at 17th and Locust. 
This is the spot you take your colleagues, your friends, your partner, your fiancé (or make it so, right here), or even your federal judge friend (because you aren't actually a member of the Union League).
RG will host you and your party to make you properly proud!

AMBIENCE
Dark wood paneling with brass accents, studded black leather chairs, white tablecloths, majestic floral topiaries, and
"King" highback chairs for host that anchor each table. Cool. 
Dave Posmontier jazz piano and string bass duo. Puts RG steps above all the rest.
Style and sophistication the way it used to be before piped-in bubbly Boublé and Sinatra became the norm. 
Bravo!

SERVICE
I want to say casual and not overdone, but that means it's a massive operation running everything perfectly. 
Smooth, not rushed or frantic, well-staffed, well-groomed and tailored. 
Auto-gratuity at 20% is well deserved, and is not concealed, but notably mentioned on the menu, reminded verbally by your server, and underscored on your bill. Well done!

SWILL
Barmen doing the classics, exactly the way they should be. No frilly and confusing yet daring mixology, just solid and staunch, tradition. 
Classic wine list with bests and recognizable favorites for each style. 

STEAK
Mine was a simple chopped steak, served in its juices and topped with grilled onion. Delicious. 
But the steak fries! Oh my. Absolutely perfectly prepared and cooked. 
My starter was a Caesar salad with anchovies. 
Dessert was a teeming and delectable cup of raspberry sorbet. 

DETAIL
Black cloth napkins by default. Because everyone is wearing dark clothes. None of this change out from white hoity toity. 
I could go on and on. Just GO.
Dining at the Prime Rib restaurant, which is located inside the Warwick Hotel in the affluent Rittenhouse Square area is not as wonderful as it used to be.  It was once a place where you would feel like you were walking into the middle of the past century and beyond to find Don Draper and his mad men croonies, ah times change and everything else along with it, but this time it was a sin.
 
We were early for our reservations and were going to have a seat at the bar, but decided to check in with the host and he offered to seat us right away, seeing we were famished, we took him up on his generous offer, Food! Our server immediately greeted us and offered us drinks, hubby had a coke and I had an excellent dry martini, served in a rather large cocktail glass, well chilled and made to perfection.
 
On the Prime Rib page of reviews on Yelp, it says to mention Yelp and you and anyone else at your table will receive a complimentary appetizer and so I did, which he was not at all enthusiastic about and it clearly showed. Then I pulled a rabbit out of my hat or rather a printed certificate from an Open Table offer that they and the Prime Rib had made publicly, to pay $25.00 up front to receive $50.00 off your bill when all was said and done. 
 
This really did not thrill him and he was very obvious about his distaste in our lack of class ( in his mind ) to take the Prime Rib up on their own offers. Not only this but several times our server and a group of other staff members were nearby our table, talking about us and looking right at us, like how could we?! Even over at the service area for the bar, they turned and stared at us, laughing and talking. I'm serious folks, it was down right rude, made me feel like a clown and was the beginning of the most absurd service I have ever experienced.
 
We sat at least 20-30 minutes waiting for menus, while hubby stewed watching others being serviced and finally received our Yelp appetizer which was one large ( Diver, I'm assuming ) scallop each, wrapped in practically raw bacon on a small bed of baby spinach leaves. The scallop was cooked perfectly, I gave hubby my bacon, but he and I both agreed it was too raw to eat and then we were handed menus, which was a good forty minutes after we had been seated.
 
We shared the most bland bowl of lobster bisque that was served in a cool tureen style crock, absolutely no hint of sherry and I used to love their bisque, our waiter brought us a hot pepper sherry sauce in a bottle, but we passed, as it was very hot and the sherry did not even attempt to shine through.
 
The large oyster Rockefeller were outstanding, the escargot were tender and swimming in a garlic sauce with baby mushroom caps and a thick slice of grilled bread to dip into the sauce. The jumbo lump crab cake was large and pure but very un-adventurous other than that and was served with a lousy cocktail sauce. I had to giggle silently as the table next to us commented on their choice of sauce to serve with a lump crab cake. I myself had asked for the mustard sauce that was previously mentioned in their crab claw appetizer and it worked to help.
 
When our meals came our server finally grabbed my hubby's longtime empty coke glass and refilled it and asked if I would like anything else. I asked what chardonnay they had by the glass, he offered several, not mentioning the names but the regions and I chose a Sonoma, when he brought it he had the label totally covered and poured me a sip, I asked to see the label and I was thrilled to see that it was Sonoma Cutre, one of my favorites and then he was about to walk away when I said excuse me, can you please pour my glass of wine? Oops.
 
Hubby was served a huge roast of Prime rib and he was kind enough to cut the bones off first to save for my onion soup for Christmas, his meat was cooked to perfection, tender, flavorful and juicy, however my filet was a big let down and we had already spent so much time there and just wanted to leave. I had ordered it medium rare and when I cut into the first third of it, the first cut was medium well, no pink or red whatsoever, but the center of the steak was barely pink.
 
I was not going to say anything, but for a dry, flavorless piece of meat at $38.00 and the thinnest, un-flavorful bearnaise sauce I have ever been served, I thought this is so wrong, class or not speak up. I did and he argued with me! He said well the outer edges will be well done, I had cut one third into my steak, come on buddy this is not the first place I have had a steak is what I wanted to say, but instead I showed him the center and said it is barely a hint of pink and even the top and bottom of that was well done!
 
To be continued in another update, this is how upsetting this dining experience was.
A very upscale and respected chain, with a short list of cities to allure with their prime cuts of meat and their fresh seafood. Philly is lucky to be one of those three cities! 

The bar melds perfectly inside the restaurant and does not make you feel like it is the "bar" area. Tables fill this room for dining or having a cocktail. One step up and to the side is an elevated floor, where we sat.  Beyond the "bar" area that you walk into, is a more secluded dining area, but we were center stage and had a great view of it all. 

Hubby and I ordered and shared three appetizers. We loved them all, but I was partial to the escargot and the oysters Rockefeller and he to the clams casino, so I did not mind letting him finish the clams while I devoured the other two appetzers. We did skip salads, but hubby enjoyed the wonderful lobster bisque, of which I found exceptionally good, with my one snitched spoonfull. 

My husband had the Prime Rib, what else? I love filet mignon and they have in house made bearnaise sauce, so I stuck with what I love best and it was a huge, juicy and tender portion, very good indeed. 

The restaurant has a lot of class and prices are what you would expect. 

What I loved most about the service, for such an upscale establishment, the wait staff was not at all uptight. The waiters were professional, but with charisma and humor and knew how and when to have conversation. 

Bottom line, I would go back in a heartbeat!

Wheelchair accessible with ramp through main entrance into the lobby of the hotel and entrance right in through their door.
I think The Prime Rib is one of the best classic Philly steak houses.  Located on the ground floor of the Warwick Hotel near Rittenhouse Square, The Prime Rib has a rich clubby look that hits you as soon as you walk in.  It is very attractive and we were also warmly greeted by the hostess.  We were taken to a great table near to the piano player - who let me state here was 'awesome'.  He performed long sets and played everything from Piaf to Chopin with a little Brahms and Broadway show tunes thrown in. The meal we ordered from the wonderful prix fixe menu was superb.  A seeded bread roll began the feast followed by a green salad topped by their well-known house dressing - think creamy parmesan.  The juicy prime rib was done exactly as requested and we enjoyed the delicious sides of creamy spinach and steak fries.  I loved the horseradish dressing which probably was intended for the roast beef but I used it as a tasty dipping sauce for my fries.  An excellent Château du Pin Bordeaux wine accompanied the meal. Dessert was a piece of moist chocolate cake and a well-executed crème brûlée. Service was excellent by both the waitress and the attentive busboy. I had not one complaint and a happy & full stomach when I left The Prime Rib!
I got Prime Rib'd, y'all.

I was warned that the happy hour at Prime Rib was so magnificent, so unbelievably dealtastic, that it had actually overpowered some of the most seasoned drinkers I know. I had heard about the battles fought, the stories that have become legends, and yet I went in blind, became instantly mesmerized by the old money and botox, and ordered my half-priced Kettle martini with blue cheese stuffed olives, up. And then I ordered another. And then I ordered a cosmo (that tasted more like a gimlet). And it was only after my third drink that I thought it wise to order some food for my empty-besides-the-vodka stomach. 

I think you know where this story is going.

After a few tasty clams casino and some potato skin crisps, some renegade in our group insisted we order yet another drink. I got a glass of sauvignon blanc. What I needed was a large water and two advil, plus a full night's sleep. 

Onward into the night we went. I can only hope the other people we encountered throughout the evening were as intoxicated as our crew/me. It may be a while before I'm able to face a martini again. And that is really saying something.
From the second I stepped into this glamourous steakhouse, I felt like I went back in time into the old Hollywood world. The retro dining room with live jazz playing in the background glass-topped piano and live jazz music, was very entertaining. 

Friendly yet very professional waiter in tuxedo, took our order. I started my steak dinner with the house salad for my appetizer which was  dressed with a bit too much ranch. 

I couldn't resist getting the 'famous' Roast Beef Prime Rib. A big and bloody steak  center came out so tender and well roasted. It was served with duo of super creamy spinach and smooth mashed potatoes. 
My favorite part- of course-was dessert, the Crème brûlée. Oh dear Lord, the pleasure of creamy custard can be highly addictive.

Loved this place, retro and full of character and the service was very pampering and outstanding.  Well done Prime Rib, WELL DONE!
Five Yelps!
First thing I must ask: WHY DOES THIS NOT HAVE FIVE STARS?

This place is absolutely wonderful. I don't even know where to begin. Appetizers of course!!

I went with my family and got the Oysters Rockefellar and we split the french onion soup. The Oysters Rockefeller danced the can-can on my tongue and the french onion soup later blanketed my taste buds with cheesy goodness and crunchy delicious-ness.

Next, I split the large prime rib with my sister--honestly, if you go with an even amount, this is the way to go. Our portions each were the size of the plate and it was the juiciest, tenderest, perfectly salted thing I've ever had the good graces to eat. The horseradish sauces were fantastic (I like to combine the creamy horse radish with the ground horse radish) and I cannot wait to eat it again.

For dessert, get anything. It's wonderful.

also, join the club if you're a regular! You'll get offered a free drink for you and a friend on any occasion (anniversary, birthday).
This place is beyond tacky. Maybe I would think differently if I was a senior citizen, but for real....the decor of the place reminded me of two things....1. a funeral home and 2. my grandmothers house, which really aren't very much different.

My friend and I were probably the only two people apart from restaurant staff below the age of 60.  The food was ok. I don't think it was anything spectacular, and also somewhat overpriced.  

Worth the laugh to see old men's wives chowing down on their gigantic tomatos because they are "vegetarian."

The waiter knocked over our two glasses of wine.  We had to actually request 2 new glasses be brought, and then they had the nerve to try to charge us for them.

The Barclay Prime is better.
For the price, this place deserves ZERO STARS. It's a scam and a ripoff. Nice ambience and a good piano player but overpriced bland food with terrible service.

I brought my girlfriend here for our one year anniversary- I wanted to go somewhere classy and I heard this was the place to be.

We had a 7 pm reservation and were seated on time. The tables were way too close together. My elbow and knee literally hit the person next to me several times and I had to keep apologizing. I couldn't enjoy a conversation because my ear was right next to another persons mouth. I was in a suit and tie, she was in a gown- but we saw people in jeans and untucked shirts. It took away from the experience. 

Waiter didn't come for about 15 minutes, not even for a glass of water or a "Be right with you."..

We didn't get our food for over an hour, and not once did our waiter come by to see if we needed anything. I ordered a Medium prime rib signature cut- it was rare as could be. Completely red, zero brown. I had to put an exaggerated amount of salt on it because it was tasteless. My girlfriend ordered a well done Filet mignon and it was bloody in the middle- medium rare at best. She is pregnant so that was alarming. I ordered potato skins- nothing special- no taste, just crispy skin. Creamy spinach- tasty, but it was 6 spoonfuls for 12 dollars. Her mashed potatoes and corn were bland and tasted like they were pre packaged.

We wanted to get desert but we had tickets to a 9 pm show. I figured if we sat down at 7, there should be no reason we can't get dinner and desert in an hour and 45 minutes. Wrong.

We got done eating at about 8:25ish and it took our waiter 20 minutes to get back with my check. My worst ever tip of 9% reflected this horrible service. I will not be coming back here unless it's a free meal. I will tell people to stay away from this place.
The Prime Rib: 2 1/2 stars, rounded up to three for Yelp.

Arrived at 6:30. Walked through the nicely decorated, dark, classy bar area and main room. But then we were seated alone in a weird side room, away from the central room with the ambiance and music. Wobbly table was annoying.

And, there were multiple guys in casual clothes- guys in jeans, untucked shirts, no jackets. Spoiled the classy atmosphere. Also annoying. Hotel-restaurant, all-comers vibe instead of classy steakhouse.

Just as we sat I ordered a drink, a dirty gin martini, and he brought it but then never brought a drink menu or one list for my girlfriend to look at. No olives in a dirty gin martini? It was a good drink but I thought that omission was strange. I had to call him back to ask for a wine list. Wine selection not impressive, and overpriced.

Good food, but just... good. Prime rib was quality cut and cooked nicely but didn't blow me away. Filet mignon was good. Sides were... Just Ok, yet way overpriced. Creamed spinach fresh but not very tasty. Same with the corn and the Brussel sprouts. Very good dessert. Overall value was not there for high prices. 

Good waiter service. Free potato skin app for first timers. It was literally just the skin. Good but too crispy. 

Piano player was very good. A room away, unfortunately.

Overall poor price to value ratio, and some other sour notes, knocks off one star from 3-ish star food. It was easily twice as expensive as it was worth. Will not return here unless someone else is buying.
My husband had the prime rib, I had the soft shell crab. We had their potato skins and amazingly sweet corn. The service was great, which continued when we visited their bar the next evening. It was a delicious dinner. 
   It was dressier than anticipated considering  used to NYC where you can enter a steak house in a baseball jersey but the hospitality was warm and exceptional. I particularly appreciated their black napkins- white napkins always wind up leaving an ungainly fuzz. 

   Definitely get the potato skins.
As readers know, I am obsessed with 3 dishes: French onion soup, prime rib, and Peking duck. (Plus tuna tartare and pancakes, so I guess 5.) Prime rib is quickly going extinct, though, with many steakhouses copping out and not bothering to prepare it because of how much time it takes and the unpredictable numbers who order it. They're perfectly welcome to do that, but that also means they're automatically OFF my list of 5-star steakhouses in the world. Prime rib is pretty central for me to steakhouse essence.

Prime Rib Philadelphia easily makes my list. It tells you what this place is about first and foremost. Quality of the product is in the orbit of Keen's (NYC) and 4 Charles Prime Rib (NYC) and Chicago Cut (Chicago), probably on par with the latter two, just a notch below the first. Oysters were awesome, french onion soup OK (gonna stop ordering this at steakhouses - not their thing). What pushes it into the 5+ range is the sublime desserts. The chocolate sunday (sp) is the best thing I've had on the dessert front in so long. At so many steakhouses, the dessert is an afterthought. Not here.

Internal decor looks like it hasn't been updated since 1950s. Fine with me. Less cost passed on to the consumer via pricing.
Having been married in the Warwick 2 years ago, we thought how fitting it would be to celebrate the anniversary in the fancy restaurant in the same hotel. It was great that they had a price-fix menu (3 courses for $35), but the food was only okay. It was fah-reezing! so I ordered the tomato soup to start (despite the 90 degree weather outside), which was pretty good, and he seemed to enjoy his salad, although it was just tomatoes onions and lettuce on a plate. 

My fish was way too salty, and then had little flavor beyond that. His steak was good, but had to send it back to cook more as it came out half medium, half rare. The sides were better, but that's not what we're coming to a place like this for, and I ended up munching on mostly bread to make up for it. The deserts were good, chocolate mousse pie and raspberry sorbet, but somehow I doubt those were made in house.

And while our waiter was very good, we were also never offered a wine list. I may just not be cut out for fancy places like this that rest on reputation and an expensive cut of meat on a plate. Give me a neighborhood byob with fresh original ingredients anyday...
Well Garth and Company you did it again You and your staff made my
dining experience one for the record books even on a very busy
Valentines day. The Service was perfect and the Prim Rib cut with a
fork.. Prepared exactly the way it was ordered rare. My bride was
equally impressed that a restaurant that was full made you feel that
you were the only one in the place. my hats off to you again
Our dinner was great! I had only heard good reviews and now I know why. The restaurant itself was very nice and the live piano music added nice ambiance.

The prime rib roast did not disappoint and the fall savings prix fixe was just right. I would definitely go back and this time order off the regular menu to enjoy MORE of the delicious prime rib.

I think the only disappointment was the tiny "family style" side portions. We had a table of 10 and ordered 4 sides and each person only had about 3 green beans, 2 fries, a tablespoon of mashed potatoes and creamed spinach. I would suggest ordering more sides or for the restaurant to tailor their sides to the size of the table.
Went back to Prime Rib for my son's birthday and took his wife and kids, Shlomo, Larry and David.  A bit disappointed.  Waiter was not very good and brought a soup we didn't order- instead of just taking it back, he insisted we ordered it and made us keep it.  Food was okay, but not great.  Tuna was only "so so."  When I left, the hostess didn't say goodbye, goodnight or thank you.  I just spent over $500 for dinner.  At least say thank you and good night.  Isn't that the main job of the hostess?   They brought us a dessert with a birthday candle, but charged us for it, even though everyone got dessert. Come on.  Throw something like that in for free.  It is called "goodwill."  Coffee was not presented with cream or sugar.  

Bathrooms were not kept clean during the evening.  Check the bathrooms from time to time!  

Not my favorite dining experience.
A dress code?  Are you fucking kidding me?  What is this, the 1950s?  I'm getting ready to eat there tonight, and so no actual review yet... but for reals.  "Jacket required for gentlemen" irritates me, and I'm not even a gentleman.

Edit:
Ok... so while I'm willing to grant that the food is decent and the stuffy tuxedoed waiters do a great job at taking care of you, the generational aspect is just too much to bear.  Even if you take the average age at our table -- parents included -- we were still decades younger than the rest of the crowd.  The prime rib was lovely, but ultimately just prime rib.. the sides were the typical steak house fare.  For the prices I'd love an equally pricey feeling decor.  No such luck.
For the price, this place simply isn't worth it.

Located in the trendy-feeling Radisson Blu Warwick Hotel, located right around the corner from Rittenhouse Square, the lobby entrance is beautiful and WHEELCHAIR-ACCESSIBLE.  Upon entering the actual restaurant, you're overwhelmed by the stylish old-school elegance, with black banquettes and brass fixtures.  It feels cozy and classic, while also modern.

The staff is helpful, the drinks are well-mixed, and the noise level is reasonable.

But this is where the charm ends.  The food is just mediocre.  The prime rib was overcooked to our requested temperature, and the meat had a weird texture that I can't properly put into words.  For $45, you'd think that there would be a side dish or two included with your meal, but this isn't the case, those cost extra...but they aren't worth it.  The potatoes au gratin were dried out, flavorless, and in desperate need of salt.  The creamed spinach was bland and seemed like it had been sitting under a heat lamp for a long time.  For these prices, you expect better quality than you would get at a cafeteria, and yet that's what these side dishes reminded me of!

I just don't think the value is there for this restaurant.  I'm sure there are other, better steak and prime rib restaurants in Philly, and next time I'm there, I intend to find one!
THE LOST ART OF DINING
Every once in a while, a restaurant comes along thats a "Keeper"
The Prime Rib is IT.. I have been dining there for the better part of
two years. not every night..but about twice a month. I am not a stuffy
guy by no stretch I stand outside on 9th street and eat a cheese steak,
go to Mickey D's, buy a slice of Pepperoni... but appreciate fine
dining.  Getting dressed for dinner, enjoying a fantastic Martini listening to a great Jazz duo and sitting down to the best Prime Rib I have ever eaten is a treat for those special evenings.  Old fashioned ATTENTIVE SERVICE , knowing the menu, what ingredient is in each item offered
knowing when to serve the next course, no pushiness just GREAT FOOD, FANTASTIC SERVICE.  This restaurant is not for everyone
BUT those of you who appreciate The Art of Fine Dining not just eating dinner, this is the place to go. Say Hi to Garth...He is the MAN
No one likes a good steak or better yet prime rib better than me. With a name like The Prime Rib one would assume you will be enjoying the best  around. 

Let's start with making a reservation during restaurant week. The best time they could give us was 8:45 pm. A little late for some. We took it. Arriving at 7:30  we said were ok having drinks at the bar until our table  is ready. Should it be readY sooner please find us. After drinking a bottle of red we noticed several empty tables . Finally at 8:30 after watching 5 people at the bar eat prime rib. We asked about our table. Guess what it was ready and it was one of the empty ones we watched leave. 

Ok it's restaurant week so let's go with the special meal your advertising. Would anyone disagree that this should be the best sampling of what they serve? On top of that we ordered the famous potato skins. ( more like infamous) I would pass on these dried out skins with a bland version of a horseradish sauce. The first course was a Caesar salad. I have had better bag Caesar for ShopRite. The prime rib was ok lacking in the flavor you would expect from a steak house. The side dishes were good and we enjoyed the deserts. 

Sorry I expected more for restaurant week. This is your chance to shine.
OK - So I was in Philly on a short vacation and decided to go here for a good steak. BOY, Was I happy with that decision.

I am a lover off all things beef - especially prime rib. So I decided that I had to order a prime rib, afterall, that is the restaurants namesake. 

The steak was HUUUUUUUUGE. Biggest prime rib I have ever encountered. Now, I know what your thinking.... "Sure, it was big, but was it cooked right and did it taste good?" YES. I resounding - YES.

The food was 100% excellent - worth every penny. 
Don't tell management but I would have paid more!

CONS:
Only 1 - decor. This place looked like it was right out of The Godfather. It was all decked out in black with gold highlights and mirrors. Was kind of funny actually. 

PROs:
Everything else. Seriously, if you want a great steak and are in or are anywhere near Philly - go here. Don't waste your time with anywhere else. 

I am seriously considering driving down (2.5 hours) just for dinner again.
My wife and I came here for a rehearsal dinner for a wedding we were in, and I must say we were very impressed. The decor and ambiance is something that you would see in Mad Men, with the private dining room that we were seated in being exceptionally posh. I was grateful for the groom's parents' willingness to pick up the tab, because Prime Rib is never a place that I would go to on my own. The food was excellent, and I highly recommend the restaurant's namesake. Although, I would warn that the king size is just that: certainly not for the faint of heart.
Came here for restaurant week.  Had online reservations and it took about 5 minutes before we were seated.  

When you go to a place called prime rib, you have to order the prime rib!  Also got the Caesar salad and key lime pie for dessert.  My wife ordered the salmon, tomato feta salad, and chocolate mousse cake.  

Apps - salads were fine.  Nothing memorable.  They serve fresh bread that is warm upon arrival and nice whipped butter - major plus.  

Entrée:  prime rib was juicy and tender.  Must order it medium rare.  I came here awhile back and orders the prime rib cut which is almost 2.5 times the size of the restaurant week portion.  I was filled after this meal so thought it was a good size.  Salmon was perfectly seared.  Came with two sides - mashed potatoes which were really smooth and spinach, which was okay

Dessert - key lime was good, but I think I would've liked to have my wife's dessert - the chocolate mousse was banging!  

Great service and probably would only come back for restaurant week specials.
I have to say it was....mediocre. really nothing more. 

Yes, the live music was enjoyable but thats really the best I can give it.

The food was....food. nothing really special in my opinion. My boyfriend had the filet mignon and didn't really even finish it. he also tried the potatoes au gratin and said it tasted almost as though they used easy-mac cheese on them. 
I had the vegetable platter and thats all it was. I have experienced amazing vegetable sides at other restaurants, but this entree was nothing to write home about.

As for desserts he had the cheesecake, which was fine, not amazing but nothing bad to say about it either. I had the strawberries and once again, thats all it was. Don't expext them to come out plated amazingly or even with whipped cream, they're only sliced strawberries.

Honestly, for the money I don't think it was worth it. I can think of many other places in the city, some of which are much cheaper, that are much more worth your time.
I tried The Prime Rib during Restaurant Week. My original reservation was during the blizzard, the day Mayor Kenney urged everyone to stay inside. The Prime Rib was very prompt in letting me know that all reservations had to be canceled and rescheduled my party for the day after. Service was great even before I got to the restaurant -- a great sign.

When I walked into The Prime Rib I immediately got the impression that this was a "put it on the company card" kind of place. There were lots of older men in suits dining together, a few couples, and my incongruous table of three -- we looked to be the only ones going straight for the Restaurant Week menu without any second thoughts.

We all ordered the namesake and shared the mashed potatoes and creamed spinach. While the prime rib was a perfect medium rare, the seasoning was on the bland side. The mashed potatoes were similarly bland. No complaints on the creamed spinach. Also no complaints on my choice of dessert -- the creme brulee. 

Based on the Restaurant Week price and quantity, The Prime Rib is a solid 4 stars. I think I would have been disappointed with my meal had I been paying full price though. The Prime Rib is going on my "Restaurant Week Only" list.
Visited last night for restaurant week. As it's aptly named, they are known for their prime rib and wow it was melt in your mouth delicious! 

Aside from the ignorant hostess (short blond hair, older woman) and the lack of appropriate # of servers for the amount of people, we thoroughly enjoyed our dinner with family and a friend (party of 5).

Our waiter Vinny was fantastic and very social BUT spread way too thin which meant longer wait times on drinks, no serving spoons for the family style served mashed potatoes and string beans for the table and forever to get coffee to go with our desserts (coffee arrived after everyone was done). Our tip appropriately complimented Vinny as a great server, it isn't his fault they don't have enough wait staff. Monday (the following day) they had over 500 people coming with only 8 servers staffed. Think about that. Last night there were approximately 350 diners, and it showed in attentiveness of the wait staff. Again, NOT the servers fault at all, Vinny was great. 

They have a full service bar and extensive wine list but it is also BYOB so we enjoyed our favorite wines. 

Parking is ugh... it is Center City, so parking garages are expensive and street meter parking is an adventure to find. However I am in love with the new meterup app the city of Philadelphia has instituted and it's only $3 an hour for meter parking that you can add time to from your smartphone. We also found out that handicap tagged cars get an hour free parking on Sundays in the city! 

Restaurant is beautiful, well laid out, has a nice ambiance with a piano player (who takes tips), upper scale normal pricing approx $60 per person, dressier than a casual place so dress up and go have an amazing night out in the city starting with a wonderful prime rib dinner.
To kick of Philly's first Restaurant Week of 2013, I felt like indulging my primal urges and quite simply ... felt like digging into a prime rib. So when I saw that The Prime Rib on the list for Restaurant Week, I couldn't help but head over for their eponymous dish.

Entering into the Philly outpost of The Prime Rib, the atmosphere felt slightly stuffy, as if I was coming in for a power lunch/dinner. Happy Hour was in full effect (I hear it's great actually according to Yelp), and all the patrons were easily twice my age. The latter is understandable due to the high price point for the majority of the dishes at The Prime Rib. Still, we're talking about a prime rib joint and not reinventing cuisine. And that's ok! Sometimes all we need is a nice slab of meat, great service, and a pianist riffing on a clear-top grand piano. Nothing else.

Bread Service

The bread was served warm, which I appreciated, along with the spreadable room-temp butter. Decent variety, but pretty standard.

Roasted Tomato Soup

The tomato soup came out hot with a sweet, tangy undertone from the roasted tomatoes. Delicious and a nice way to whet my carnivorous appetite.

House Salad

The GF opted for the house salad, which was a bit over-dressed with ranch. However, there was a nice mix of chopped egg whites, fresh cucumbers, tomatoes, and mixed greens. The pepperoncini offered some bite to the dish.

Famous Potato Skins ($10 supplemental)

I can't resist anything advertised as 'famous.' So I obviously went for the potato skins, which did not disappoint. They were unadorned with anything fancy like bacon bits or cheese, but that's ok when we're talking about something that is so simple that's done so right.

The innards were scooped out, resulting in skins that were crispy on both sides. Perfect vessels for the accompanying horseradish and sour cream, which worked well to bring some fresh flavors to the dish.

Grilled Atlantic Salmon

The salmon had nice seasoning and a decent crust from the grill. However, the GF wasn't the biggest fan since it didn;t taste particularly fresh and was frankly, a bit dry.

Roast Prime Rib of Beef

This 12 ounce slab of beef was well-roasted and seasoned. However, there were portions of the beef that were whole unappetizing chunks of fat. The accompanying grated horseradish was frankly chewy and didn't taste that fresh.

The outer crust that I typically enjoy on prime rib was also quite dry and inedible in some parts. Still, the parts of the beef that were edible were enjoyable and exactly what I was looking for in a good prime rib. I'll chalk the rest up to Restaurant Week demands. 

Creamed Spinach

The Restaurant Week menu advertised roasted vegetables, which was actually a duo of dishes that are typical of any steak or prime rib joint. The first was the creamed spinach, which unfortunately was a weak iteration of this standard dish. This was a soupy mess - indicative of what may have been frozen spinach. Butter shone through rather than the essence of spinach.

Mashed Potatoes

 The mashed potatoes were sufficiently smooth but were fairly standard. It would have been nice to seen these spruced up.

Key Lime Pie

The key lime pie was perfectly smooth and tangy with a nicely light, thin graham cracker crust. A nice way to cleanse the palate, especially after a heavy meal.

Creme Brulee

The creme brulee had a perfect sugar crust and the custard was creamy and redolent with vanilla essence.

Overall, if you're in the mood for prime rib and have deep pockets, I would suggest giving The Prime Rib a try. Regardless of whether it was Restaurant Week or not, we came for an early dinner and the restaurant was not close to being packed by the time we paid the bill. I can't see myself coming back anytime soon as this dining experience was rather lackluster. However, I may just have to stop by for a drink and some of their potato skins.
Checked out this place during restaurant week since I had a craving for some prime rib. The atmosphere is pretty nice in here with the piano player and business casual dress code. 

The service was extremely slow and although it was busy during dinnertime, they had plenty of extra staff just standing around to fill your water or take away your used plates. The thing is, that's all those extra people do. The meal time still depends on your table waiter for orders and food. I've been to classy places with a relaxed dining atmosphere, but this pace was like the turtles advertising for DSL. 

The food itself was nothing spectactular. The featured prime rib dish was just about the same as you can get at any other steakhouse, but more expensive. For your dessert choices with the restaurant week package, they had key lime pie, creme brulee, and chocolate mousse. All three of them must've been packed with an extraordinary amount of sugar. I have a sweet tooth, but this was ridiculous.

Bottom line: Way too expensive for what you get.  Tons of other choices in the Philly area to waste your time and money here.
We went for restaurant week. High recommend! 35$ for a 3 course prime rib dinner was a steal.
The first course, salad, was fresh, cold and a nice size. Their house dressing is amazing and I asked for that instead of the ceasar dressing. The Prime Rib, end cut, was perfectly medium and tender to the point of filet. Very lean as requested. Served with yummy fresh mashed potatoes and tender crisp fresh string beans. Dessert was the best chocolate mouse pie (tort) I have ever had. The bread was warm and we were offered more but declined. Our waiter checked in with us several times and water was refilled regularly.
Now for the ambiance... Somehow they made the perfect setting for any situation. It is beautiful and classic with a bit of romance. You could easily go there for a special occasion (birthday, anniversary graduation, date night) as well as after work or before theater dinner. The live piano music playing softly in the room is perfect. Loud enough to enjoy but soft enough to have a normal conversation.
Looking forward to the next time!
I am an eager enthusiastic yelper, but I haven't been yelping for long, and I am tongue-tied tonight.

Prime Rib is a steakhouse, it's expensive, it has leopard carpet, and waiters that are dressed in bowties and black jackets.  Great atmosphere.  Food is ok, for an overpriced (that's redundant) steakhouse.  The scene is worth the visit all by itself (a lot of nicely dressed people).  

I don't think it is the best steakhouse in Philly, but it holds its own.  Philly is well known for its steak, so it's hard to be competitive in this city.  

Having said that, the service is impeccable, so my dilemma was how to rate this place.  It all depends on what you like, basically.  

The steaks were ok, cooked to order.  Side dishes were fine.

The creme brulee was executed perfectly, but could have had a bit of vanilla bean in it, the vanilla was very muted, but the texture was great , and the crunchy top was perfect.  Many restaurants cannot do the sugar on top very well, it's hard to get it right , it can be too black or not crunchy, but they got it perfect here.
$350 for three people. The price wouldn't  be all that bad except the food was really bland. My prime rib was disturbingly pale and lacked any kind of flavor. I had to ask for horseradish which seems like a travesty. It's like putting ketchup on filet. But when the food has no flavor, what else can you do? Usually I'll eat all of my steak or prime rib but I decided this just wasn't worth the calories, so you know it's serious. The salad I started with was pretty good. The $13 loaded potato I order with my prime rib, was not. Creme brûlée was decent. For the money, I expected a lot more.
2 stars for good (nothing special) food and very poor service. Sat at the bar and had to ask for everything. Was not offered a drink menu at all & food only by request. Had to work to make my dinner order, additional glasses of wine, and dessert.

I'll not be going back, there are better steaks with vastly better servi e within 2 blocks!
Meh.
I've experienced better.

First, I was uncomfortably overdressed in a simple pink dress & wedge sandals, which was not what I expected. The last time I was there was for Happy Hour a few years ago, and I remember feeling under-dressed in my work clothes (dress pants and sweater). It's like an upscale dive if that makes any sense. A mix of couples out for a fancy romantic date, and at the same time, an everyday sort of casual place for the old money crowd.

Second, for the price, I should be able to sit at a table & enjoy my date's company rather than hear every word of every conversation going on around me. Also, some clearly sloshed senior citizen who appeared to be fresh out of My Name is Earl's trailer park decided to stand by our table while she talked on her phone. If looks could kill, her grandkids would be discussing their inheritance right now.

The food was pretty tasty, despite my date's utter disappointment in ordering potato skins and literally receiving just the crisp-baked skins of the potatoes.

I chose the crab cake appetizer - lots of shell, but I said tasty, not "good" - and the Filet Oscar with a side of broccoli, both of which were delicious, although my medium-well filet was definitely medium-rare at best. Date chose the bone-in rib steak (think Flintstones' sized brontosaurus steak) and creamed spinach, about which he had no complaints.

The cheesecake was absolutely perfect, and our waiter was fantastic, but if this $250 experience were on my dime, I'd be nonplussed enough to rate it 1-star.
I'd been to the Prime Rib just once before coming last Sunday for Restaurant Week.  I have done a lot to avoid red meat over the past 8 months or so, although I still eat it on occasion, before this, however, I ate red meat all the time, including all kinds of fine cuts at fancy steakhouses like Morton's and the Capital Grill.  I have been known to enjoy a good piece of beef every now and then, so I came to Prime Rib not remembering the last time I went, and expecting some exquisite dining, even if it was the special Restaurant Week menu...prime rib is prime rib.

FIRST IMPRESSIONS:
The Prime Rib is inconspicuously nestled just off Rittenhouse Square, down the street a little from Parc.  Raoul Duke may have actually been describing his first impressions of the Prime Rib when he wrote the place "fairly reeked of high-grade formica and plastic palm trees.  It was clearly a high-class refuge for big spenders.  This was Bob Hope's turf.  Frank Sinatra's.  Spiro Agnew's."  I did my best look like anything but a 22 year old with less money in the bank than most of these peoples' weekend allowance.

THE ATMOSPHERE:
There are aspects of the main dining room that work very well, and others that work not so well, but everything is unmistakably Prime Rib, and I remembered being there many years ago almost instantly.  Black and dark wooden furnishings and warm lighting, with a live jazz duet of piano and bass wafted through the air, and really boosted my experience.  But, as others have mentioned, the leopard print carpet and giant fake flower arrangements were unbelievably tacky and basically equalized the atmosphere, which given the clientelle, began to feel reminiscent of some corny seniors night at a banquet hall.  I didn't have any problem with my choice of attire-- a blue striped shirt and a pair of grey slacks, none of us wore a jacket.

THE SERVICE:
Excellent, I would say this was the strongest aspect of the Prime Rib.  Ours was respectful during conversations not to interrupt, very knowledgeable about wine choice and able to give an excellent recommendation, and did not come off as being either condescending or impatient, even if we were opting for the much cheaper 3-course Restaurant Week offering, as opposed to the full-priced regular menu.  Also, while I was originally thinking she was purposefully showing the wine list and not the Restaurant Week menu which featured wine deals because she wanted us to buy a more expensive bottle of wine, I think she saved my table money, as I would have paid more if I drank by the glass.  Soft-spoken, insanely polite and attentive, but a little stuffy, the service is a calibre I wish we saw more often in restaurants today.

THE FOOD/DRINK:
I came to the Prime Rib expecting an exquisite piece of meat that melted in my mouth in an orgy of flavor.  It did not meet my lofty expectations, however...but let me start at the beginning.  I started with their roasted tomato soup, which was delicious, although their pepper mill was grinding the pepper just big enough to get caught in my throat twice, which was unpleasant, but not enough to curb my enjoyment.  I got the prime rib, medium rare, with mashed potatoes and string beans.  I almost never eat anything less-cooked than medium, but I figured for some reason that medium-rare might be the way to go...I should have stuck with medium, but the temperature didn't really affect my enjoyment.  For the most part, it was pretty good, decent marbling and enough flavor (although I was looking for a little more garlic and only found more thickly crushed black pepper).  What did me in, however, is the fact that toward the end, the prime rib tasted something reminiscent of what I identified as "Bar Mitzvah Brisket," which I loathe...not to compare the Prime Rib with that horrid staple at my family's high holiday gatherings, but that did affect my enjoyment of it.  At any rate, the sides, typical steakhouse fare, were very good, but nothing memorable.  To top it off, I had a slice of key lime pie, which was very good, although a little warmer than I'm used to.  I had a bottle of cabernet sauvignon which we split 3 ways, it complimented the meal quite nicely and was priced incredibly-- half price...it is scientifically and statistically impossible to pass that up...unless you're my iron-willed roommate who stuck with water.

THE BOTTOM LINE:
The Prime Rib is pretty well-established as a classy joint generally fared by the old and well-to-do.  It's not the kind of place I'd take a date, however, it's more a family place for some reason (and not babies and kids, mind you, keep your damn kids at home, I mean like grandparent to young teen cousins range).  I had lofty expectations for their specialty, but in the end, I'll prefer a Morton's or Capital Grill steak over Prime Rib.  The service is impeccable, and for a change, added stars to this review, but I don't know if it will be enough to make me want to come back any time soon.
We visited Prime Rib again to celebrate a wonderful vacation in Puerta Plata and as a sendoff to our friend returning to Ukraine. Our waitress this time was Christina and man have we been blessed with great servers. The entire support staff are wonderful, attentive and polite as well. 

Christina was a good sport with the 3 liter bottle of wine that was brought. It's a really good thing it's BYOB bcuz 2 small mixed drinks at the bar came to $24. OUCH

As a party of 7 they did a great job bringing all our food out at the same time. I really appreciate the timing involved in making this happen.
Prime Rib is amazing period. I've been here on numerous occasions and they never disappoint! This very specific special night we brought my 95 year old grandma! The generous booth for her that seated 2 although it can fit 5 was extra special for her. The hostess even brought a pillow because she's so tiny! ALL restaurant please observe, this is how fine dining should be! Did I forget to mention, it was restaurant week, indeed it was. They were super busy but were able to keep the same excellent customer service to our party of 6! The food is great as usual. At the end of the night, the manager came over and thank us and made sure everything was good. I don't think I've ever been to such a fine establishment that matches their superior customer service. Thank you Prime Rib for a wonderful evening. Life is about collecting fun memories and Prime Rib delivered!
Considering how good the food here is normally, execution of the Happy Hour specials was epic fail. Note to self - during the happy hour stick to alcohol and regular menu.

Lamb duo was decent .  BBQ Ribs were fine - that's the best I can say. Coconut shrimp was way overcooked. The buns for prime rib minis were not even toasted. And tuna sashimi must have decided to commit suicide by plopping itself back into a pan after seeing the sadness of pickled ginger on a plate.   

So why is Prime Rib still getting two stars? That's easy - the delivery on happy hour specials matched the low expectations set by prices.  After all, Philadelphia is the place where ze Yap Elite and ze critiques celebrate BYOBs' audacity to charge $29 for a plate of Barilla with a drizzle of truffle oil in water. 

At $6 for small apps, you get what you pay for.
Even though this could be looked upon as a special occasion type place I enjoy going and eating at the bar the best! I enjoy watching a game while some nice live Jazz is played softly in the background. The bartenders are always friendly, fun, and give great advice on drinks and food. I loved the lamb chops, mostly because there's no place that gives you mint jelly anymore and man did it take me back. The food is basic and delicious with portions that guarantee some leftovers.
I love the Prime Rib. Elegant, hollywood regency style decor, beautifully lit tables, live pianist and bassist playing classic standards, excellent cuisine and terrific service. 

We go usually after the hubbub of happy hour and dine at the bar. Seats are comfortable, attentive bar service and always a character in the room - meaning, it's not too stuffy or pretentious. 

Love the food. Recently had the prime rib sandwich -- best I've ever had. Yes, it's $22 but it's really delicious. Bf got the filet mignon, also great.  Again, expensive, but you get what you pay for. Thumbs up for cocktails too.
The last time we ate at the Prime Rib, we had a bad experience.  The food was good as usual but we found a cockroach crawling on our booth.  When we brought it to the waiter's attention, we just got a shrug and had to request a change of tables.  That was that.  Nothing else was done and a shrug was all we got from the manager.  Not expecting a comp but some jesture would have been better than none at all.
If I could give this place negative 5 stars I would. Absolutely the worst steakhouse in Philadelphia. My medium rare steak came out wrong 3 times, and when I asked for the manager he told me it was my fault. I would never come here again.
I LOVE STEAK. thank you prime rib for reminding what a good steak tastes like, because you didn't serve it. 
a friend thought it would be nice to dine on a dime. we did the 3 course for $35. well, even after reserving our table, the server informed us "next time" please specify we are here for the $35 deal. why? are we getting a low budget cut of meat?? hmmm.
the old, out of date decor is a bit tacky. but, there clientele were mostly 50 years +, so i guess it fits.  i mean if your are going for a classy, elegant look, please dust your 9 foot vases with plastic flowers engorging them. and, while you're at it make your medium rare steak medium rare.
Every once in awhile, the stars align perfectly and the ideal dining experience is delivered. Such was my recent experience at The Prime Rib.

I have struggled a bit in coming up with an adjective to describe the ambience. I've settled on "cool elegance" based on the combination of soft piano music (the grand piano has a clear cover - really cool), dark woods, mirrors, leopard print carpet, large floral booths, and huge floral displays in beautiful large vases. I felt in a way like I was stepping back in time, wondering if Bing Crosby or Frank Sinatra ever dined in an atmosphere like this. Table settings were simple - white tablecloths, small plate, appropriate crystal - very nice.

Service was impeccable as well, as servers were attentive but not hovering. They know their menu and offer great insight into the wine selections as well. There were four of us, and I was the only red wine drinker of the group so I opted for a Malbec by the glass. I was pleased with the "by the glass" selection, by the way - something that many restaurants seem to ignore.

My fare for the evening began with escargots - tender and tasty snails with mushroom caps in a wonderful garlic butter - easily some of the best I've ever enjoyed. My signature cut Prime Rib was a perfect medium rare and was accompanied by freshly grated horseradish. Sides for our table included steak fries, brussels sprouts, and sautéed spinach with garlic. All were delicious (I'm taking my boss's word on the brussels sprouts - I just can't go there).

Succinctly stated, this is why I so enjoy fine dining. And I can't wait to return.
This is an absolutely gorgeous restaurant. From the moment you enter, the foyer is pristine, beautiful flowers, and the paneling and seating in the restaurant is luxurious. The service is also impeccable, as expected from a place like this. 

I had the dry aged USDA prime NY Strip which was perfectly done to the medium rare that I love. Add on the sides of some creamed spinach and velvety smooth mashed potatoes and a rich strawberry cheesecake I was very happy. Definitely a gorgeous, delicious restaurant to dine at for special occasions. The price can add up pretty quickly though.
This has been my favorite restaurant in the city, but it seems to have taken a major turn for the worse. I've been here 10+ times over the past few years and it's continually declined. I always get the full cut prime rib, which blew me away when I first had it years ago, but this past Sunday it had no flavor, aside from the seasoning on the edge. It makes me wonder if they use a lesser grade of beef on Sunday's to make up for money lost on account of their BYO special. As for the sides, it's bleak what they've become. We were looking at photos from one of our first meals a few years ago, and the sides were mountainous portions of sliced artisanal mushrooms and perfectly browned fresh cut steak fries. This time they served barely a handful of each side (for two people to share nonetheless), now ordinary white button mushrooms, and French fries that fell off of a food truck.

I wish I wasn't writing this. I really loved this place.

Service is a class act, for what it's worth.
First time I've ever been let down here in 5 or 6 visits. Service was slow but cordial. Waited almost 20 minutes for our bottle of wine. Dinner arrived promptly but the NY strip was undercooked. Sent it back, still not right, sent it back again and then it came back like shoe leather. Scrapped the strip and switched to a filet which was perfect. Au poivre sauce on the side was unheated and almost the consistency of mayo. They credited the strip and comped us dessert. Somewhat redeemed themselves, but much better steaks can be had in Philly for less $$$. If I'm forking out $61 for a 12oz ny strip, it should be amazing. It's a steak house, this should be easy for them. Not a very clean cut of meat this time. I've had better steaks I've cooked myself. Final thoughts...great atmosphere but overpriced for what you get. You can do better elsewhere for the same or less $$$.
prime rib might be losing out in hype to all the new steak joints popping up in center city. And true the steaks probably are not better than mortons or barclay but you can't sit in a giant captain's leather chair and listen to a baby grand piano player belt out happy bday 8 times in 2 hours while wearing jeans and a tshirt! that's right no more dress code for prime rib- on a side note I would wear something nicer than a tshirt next time I felt like a hobo the last time I went. The prime rib definately was not from the sizzler but their lump crab cake and  cold platter appetizer were much stronger dishes- in fact their cold platter appetizer is simply tops. The filet and cream spinach were pretty good and their key lime pie kicked some major ass. Here is a math problem key lime pie+ meat+ giant leather chair= happiness
Despite the fact it's part of a small chain, many locals consider this the best steakhouse in town. Located in the Warwick Hotel, it's certainly one of the most glamorous - leopard-print carpeting, black leather furniture, black-lacquer walls trimmed in gold, and nightly jazz piano and bass duets give it a very 1940s-supper-club ambiance, albeit one that's overlit. The menu is typical - a variety of steaks, chops, salmon, and - of course - prime rib, served in enormous portions along with the usual suspects of sides, like rich creamed spinach and excellent potato skins. If you have any room left, end your meal with fresh strawberries and cream over warm shortbread. The servers will pamper you like few do. Hoping to maintain a touch of class, they require jackets for men at night. If you forget yours, they'll loan you one, although why a man in a well-worn, ill-fitting blazer would look better than one without is beyond me.
I have been here two years in a row for restaurant week and have loved it both times. This place is what I imagine an old boys club being like in the 1960s. Big chairs, Piano playing, and waiters in tuxedos. 

The restaurant week menu is a perfect sample of this place for a reasonable price. The prime rib is delicious, some of the best I've ever had. I look forward to restaurant week every year so I can come back.  A surprise was that their chocolate mousse was outstanding.
15oz for $15. BYO on Sun-Tues I believe. 

Awesome ability to change the side of the main dining room into a private area for 2 big tables.
A lovely evening dining in the city. The Prime Rib was an excellent choice. The meal was delicious. Our server Christine was attentive and a pleasure. Small complaint asked the bus helper to refill our bread and we never received it. But I'm just trying to understand how such an elegant restaurant and classy establishment has a drop ceiling.
What a disappointment. Food was ok. Always liked the prime rib but just fair. The service was awful. Ordered wine which never came. Barely apologetic. Water was always empty. No wonder star restaurants clean house. Laziness like this. It all comes from management.
Came here last night without out-of-town guest because he's a meat-and-potatoes guy. Didn't realize until after making the reservation that it was Restaurant Week. Staff kept up with volume. 

I love the Restaurant Week menu because I can get a smaller portion of the signature Prime Rib. Guest had the half rack of lamb also on the Restaurant Week menu. Our server Holden was perfect. Even promptly replaced my meat which came out medium rather than requested medium-rare. Thanks!!
When I think of the Prime Rib steakhouse, I think of a white oval-shaped plate with one piece of giant juicy prime rib covering the whole plate, I also think of the price tag associated with this piece of meat. So when Restaurant Week rolled around, I was eager to make a reservation, so my boyfriend and I can go experience this place where the older Rittenhouse well-to-do crowd had been patronizing for years. 

Located inside the Warwick Hotel, Prime Rib is surprisingly lofty. I imagine it to be a trendy upperclass place in the 90s but now it seems a bit awkward with the leopard print carpeting, the black and gold lacquered paneling. It feels a tad retro and gaudy. Given that their clientele are mostly well-to-do, the wait staff are clearly well trained and polite. The service here is just superb. There's live piano music playing jazz standards in the background, but I can tell that the pianist is a bit bored.

Following the standard $35 Restaurant Week dinner menu. I ordered the caesar salad, the prime rib and the chocolate mousse pie while the boyfriend had the tomato, onion and feta salad, roast chicken and the key lime pie. We both find our salad a tiny bit sharp on the tongue. His with too much raw onion and mine with a sharp acidic garlic taste, it doesn't make for a romantic evening for sure. 

The entrees came a bit later. The piece of prime rib I got was probably half the width of the one in the picture album above but it's still decent in size. It seems to be roasted in the oven in low temperature, it was perfectly cook in its own way but there was no crispiness whatsoever. The roast half chicken that my boyfriend had, was roasted to a beautiful molasses color and he obviously enjoyed it wholeheartedly but the skin was not crisp either. Honestly I was a tad disappointed about that. The meats came with two terrines of vegetable, a mash potato and a creamed spinach. the mash potato was a tiny bit lumpy and bland but I adored the creamed spinach. It's rich and creamy, the most flavorful item thus far. The chicken also came with a rosemary gravy.

We both enjoy our desserts. My chocolate mousse pie was standard in every way, it reminded me of  the mousse sold in plastic containers found in the refrigerated section in the supermarket. The key lime pie was also smooth and pleasing. With a coffee, a beer, tips and tax it comes to around $50 a person, which is not bad at all in a place like this. Again, the service is good, but just by the food I've experienced this time, I doubt that I'll come back here. 

Another factor of my decision is also a pompous asshole sitting right next to us that was really rude to the servers and also to his girlfriend. We have to sit through his agonizing manipulation and jackassery the whole time we were dining which might be an indication of attitude of the general clientele in this area. Oh well.
This place rocks! The decor is simply magnificent and elegant. I ordered the surf and turf summer special which was a 3 course meal. The salad was plentiful and delish. The prime rib was cooked to perfection and perfectly medium rare. The lobster tail on the other hand was inconsistently cooked with some bites being chewy and others undercooked. The mashed potato and string bean sides were huge and will make good leftovers. Finally, the key lime pie is heaven!! Can't wait to go back, but this time going straight to the main event- the prime rib!
Third Visit, First Review

So, I am a complete fan of this place. You've read the reviews, so you get an idea of the "stiffs" that make regular appearances here. I for one am not intimidated by the regulars here and just love the fine dining experience that The Prime Rib allows you. 

Started off with some pretty great martinis at the bar for happy hours with my sorority sisters. Then we were seated to our table promptly by the hostess who carried our drinks for us(such a gentleman). Our server Spencer was personable and pretty informed of the menu. Despite it being Restaurant Week, he still provided us with the a la carte menu, which we also ordered from. For me, I had:

1. Ceasar Salad (egg-free dressing with buttered croutons were to die for)
2. Lamb Chops-medium well with mango jam(personal fav and I order is every time cuz I am addicted; not a fan of the mint jam)
3. Chocolate Mousse Cake (melted in my mouth and not in my hand)

I was very pleased with my meal and service was exceptional. Spencer forgot to bring out a side that he promised at one point but after being reminded, he promptly provided it afterward. His service was rewarded with a reasonable tip, as should all servers that provide attentive but not overbearing service.

I shall return for my birthday.....
The dining experience & atmosphere is fantastic!  Hubby had Steak & I had Sword Fish.  Hubby said the steak was perfectly seasoned & was delicious.  My fish was delicious.  I read in some posts that the sides were to small for two people.  However, we found the servings to be perfect for two people.

We both ate desert.  Hubby had Cheese cake & I had Creme Brûlée.  We both loved the desert selections.

We will definitely return.

I highly recommend this restaurant for the excellent food, the wonderful atmosphere & the excellent service.

Not really sure if a person under 25 years old would actually enjoy.  But, if you are over 25 I think you will find this place to be quite impressive.
i came here for restaurant week with a few friends, and the service (above all else) was impeccable. i realllly enjoyed the food as well, but the service was just superb! a lot of times, during restaurant week, service is spotty, but not here. i am really happy with the live music too!

i had the crab, and it was SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO delicious. it was a bowl of crab meat, neatly taken out of the shell. i tried my friends' lamb and prime rib too. all delicious meals!!!! i highly recommend coming here.
i am a fan of the 15oz for $15 special for the month of august!  i ordered a medium and it was tasty - could've been better w/ less fat but overall good.

i mentioned yelp to get a complimentary appetizer.  LESSON - this does not mean you can pick any appetizer on the menu!  this means, they bring you fried potato skin.  what a good way to use up everything you've got in the kitchen w/out waste.

we got these sides (and yes, they are pretty small for family size):
brussell sprouts:  not bad but can't beat audrey claire's
mashed potatoes:  standard
caesar salad/house salad/hearts of palm:  $11 each - kind of small.  doused w/ dressing, almost too much
potatos au gratin:  this was good, my fave
creamed spinach:  eh, standard
mushrooms:  tasty

we had 9 people, hence all the sides - but only got to eat a small bite of each b c the portion is quite small.

dessert = mud pie.  YUM.

i would never go back for a full priced dinner.  but i';d go back for $15 for 15 oz of prime rib!
This is why I like restaurant week. I can try the places I've heard are good and if they suck, I'm not totally disappointment (or out some serious cash). Luckily, this place lived up to the hype. 

The inside of Prime Rib is sleek and smooth. You are seated in black leather captain chairs. The sound of the piano falls softly in the background. It makes you feel like you are about to spend some serious money. 

Usually they have a dress code but for Restaurant Week it's relaxed (not sure if I should be offended by that or not). The waiter was awful. When I ordered a Diet Coke while the rest of our 4 person party was looking at the wine menu, he simply ignored my request. I never got it. We made fun of it all night like it was beneath him. Oh well, to the food.... 

I ordered their Caesar salad, for the first course. It was very tasty. Not a heavy cream based salad which can happen at other restaurants. 

Everyone ordered the prime rib for an entree. We had 2 medium wells, a medium, and a rare. Each steak came out perfectly. Mine was the medium and it was so juicy. There was a nice layer of pepper on it, too. Also, there wasn't a ton of fat on it which is a problem I have with other prime ribs. It was delicious! 

The dessert I chose was the chocolate mousse pie. It was extremely rich (in a good way!) and smooth. It was like heaven on a fork. After I was done, you could still taste it. That is what a good dessert should do! 

The only thing I could complain about is the sides. We were served mashed potatoes and creamed spinach. They were good, but there wasn't a lot of it. The table next to us was a table of 2 and they had the exact same portions as we did. 

I will definitely be going back.
Begin the riots, but I'll argue with anyone (including a certain media food critic) that Barclay Prime's best cut is better than Prime Rib.

PR has the glitz and brass moldings that accompany Rittenhouse Square. It is a place where deals are made and investment bankers laugh over their days earnings. It is a perfect place for old money and the people Kate Winslet made Leo DiCaprio eat dinner with on the Titanic.

I am sure that my case is not normal but it took us 45 minutes to be served our drinks and another 30 for appetizers. I think it was age-ism, so I recommend the younger crowd going somewhere they are more welcome.

They also claim they invented the potato skins but I was unimpressed.
Classy. Excellent service. And the Sunday BYOB menu takes the cake.

Genny takes great care of us every time we are there. Hat's off to the Prime Rib and service the way it was meant to me.
Went here for a special occasion, and were not disappointed.

The first thing that strikes you when you enter is the decor. The place exudes power-lunch, opulence, and old world charm like no other. The tables, the high back leather chairs, the live pianist, and all the old CEOs and in general older-clientele really contribute to the atmosphere.

Now, that obviously made us two twenty-somethings stick out a bit at first, but still, we ended up making do. The food was great, and at 26$, the veggie platter is certainly a good deal for all the food you're getting. I was told that the steak itself was fantastic, and all in all, it was a great experience.

Side dishes are wonderful complements to the main fare, at their occasional 15 oz for 20$ specials that I get emails about seem to be priced rather competitively! My conclusion is that I think that it's quality food and that it is priced appropriately for what it is, although others can certainly have their own opinions on the same! :)
My mother and I decided to check out The Prime Rib after seeing reviews online. First off, it is in a great location (Rittenhouse Square). It was very convenient that to hop on an elevator, walk a few feet, and end up here. Second of all, the restaurant seems to get some traffic for the bar as well (a plus, because you know it's a popular spot). We both ended up ordering the house salad, which was delicious for a salad (I'm not really a salad person). The fact that I enjoyed it says a lot. I ended up ordering the split cut prime rib (medium rare). My mom ordered the prix fixe prime rib got two sides along with it (corn and mashed potatoes). The prime rib was delicious and perfectly cooked. Additionally, our waiter George was phenomenal. We ended our meal with desserts. We left stuffed, and with leftovers! Would recommend to anyone in the area. Will come back again.
Visited The Prime Rib with my SO during restaurant week. The service was phenomenal as was the food. We enjoyed the house salads (dressing was so good) and he had the prime rib (the best he's ever had) and I had the salmon (also delicious). The sides of mashed potatoes and green beans were pretty standard for a steakhouse and our desserts (creme brulee and chocolate mouse) were delicious. 

We're looking forward to going back outside of restaraunt week. This would be a great romatic night out. We loved the pianist.
The general consensus about this place: Juicy, well seasoned prime rib, but with an overly pretentious atmosphere and mediocre service. 

We had a reservation for 7:00, but wasn't seated until 7:30. We weren't the one only ones waiting, either; there were 2 groups in front of us who had reservations for 6:30, but didn't get seated until 7:20. What's the point of making reservations if you're going to have to wait almost an HOUR?

Finally, we were led to an open dining area with live piano playing. I was enjoying the classy atmosphere, but was abruptly startled by the brashness of our server. The only two reasons for his demeanor can either be because he was new, or because just did not give a care in the world. By this point, the service was earning 2 stars. Either way, he quickly ruined my temporarily uplifted mood.

I ordered roasted tomato soup for appetizer, which tasted like plain marinara sauce. As I was beginning to seriously doubt my choice to dine here, the redeemer of this whole place finally arrived:THE PRIME RIB. Juicy, seasoned, with the perfect amount of fat. 

This hefty chunk of meat alone would give this place 4.5 stars (slightly overcooked), but the service brings this place to a 3. I generously round up to a 4 because despite the rudeness of this place they call service, this is a prime rib you won't want to miss.
This is where people from the suburbs go on their "fancy night in the city." 

It's expensive, the waiters wear tuxedos, and the food is bland and predictable. It's an excellent example of a certain style of mid-century American dining, and perhaps interesting from a sociological perspective, but completely out of sync with restaurant culture of 2012. It's all Mad Men up in here, but without the self-awareness that makes Butcher & Singer work. 

Creamed spinach. Unadorned corn. Steamed green beans. 

This is someone's party, for sure, but not mine.
It was my first time trying the prime rib. Personally I am not a big fan of primer rib so I enjoyed the sides (mashed potatoes, mushrooms and spinach) more than the main itself but my friends who love prime rib praised this place to have the best!! The place is classy and the service is great. Our waiter was so attentive and friendly. The place is on the more expensive side so expect to be spending some money when you dine here. Don't forget to dress nicely too! 

There's a grand piano in the middle of the restaurant. Really enjoyed the live pianist!
The Prime Rib has been hovering on my list of Philly dining must-trys for some time now, and husband and I decided to treat ourselves to a little pre-holiday party for two on Saturday night.  The lobby was packed when we walked in at 8:30 for our 8:30 reservation.  We were a bit skeptical about how long we might end up waiting as we wedged ourselves into the bar to grab a few glasses of wine, but we ended up seated by 8:50 at one of the best tables in the house.

Our vantage point from the upper level of the main dining room allowed us to take in the  intense decor (leopard, and mirrors, and giant Christmas roses oh my!), and diverse clientele.  It seems that the recent relaxation of the dress code means that they went from "jackets required" to "anything goes".  We saw a range from elegant couples in black tie and formal gowns to groups in jeans, sweatshirts, grubby sneakers and ball caps.  A little part of me died inside.

Since we were both in the mood for prime rib, we decided to capitalize on the three-course fixed-price menu mentioned in the Yelp reviews (and The Prime Rib's own website).  This is a fantastic deal, but you should be aware that it might be served with a thoroughly unsubtle side of  condescending annoyance from the waiter.  Fortunately, we were able to drown our imaginary shame in a nice bottle of red wine from their modestly sized (relative to other high-end steakhouses) but wide-ranging list. 

We added a shrimp cocktail to start things off, and the four ultra jumbo shrimp were scrumptious and briny, set off by a strongly spiced (but very tasty) cocktail sauce.  For the 1st course, I had the roasted tomato soup and the boy had a Caesar salad.  Both were fine starts to the meal, but nothing to get too worked up over.  We both had prime rib for the main course with string beans and steak fries.  Most importantly: meat = good!  The cuts of prime rib were generous, velvety, and mildly flavored, just as good prime rib should be; though both of the pieces (mine ordered rare, his medium rare) were slightly overdone.  The meat was generously salted and served with crisp shaved horseradish.  The sides were just okay with the beans being a little on the soft side and the fries being generally un-special.  Desserts of creme brulee and chocolate mousse pie were delightful treats to finish the meal.

In summary, I would pretty happily go back to The Prime Rib, but it would not be my first choice for steak in the city.
Came here on a busy night, but we had reservations and were seated quickly. Our waiter was very professional and pleasant, which was nice. I ordered the crab cake for my appetizer and I was surprised at how good it was! For my meal I ordered the Prime Filet Mignon medium-well and I enjoyed it...My husband ordered the Bone-In Rib medium-well and he also enjoyed it. We enjoyed our meals, drinks, and ambiance for an overall nice, upscale, dining experience.
This is the best place I've ever eaten for any reason. That's all I have to say about The Prime.

I've never eaten seafood here, and I never will. But who would go to a restaurant called "The Prime Rib" and eat seafood? 

The prime rib is perfectly seasoned, huge, and the probably best thing a person can eat.
I had a decent dinner there with a group of friends, and must say this place is wildly overpriced. The food was pretty good. I had the small cut prime rib and a plate of asparagus...$50. That's a bit of a rip off if you ask me. The ambiance was nice, the place was clean, the coat check was a bonus. The serving staff was on the ball and very professional. It was a one time trip for me though. $19 for 4 Oysters Rockefeller? C'mon....that is ridiculous. If you want to drop $100 a person to have a decent meal I would not recommend this as the first pick unless you are severely trying to impress someone. It IS definitely impressive....just not to me.
Let's start with the seating. I came here today for Vday and nothing romantic about it. The tables are so close together it was like having dinner with a stranger!!! The couple next to us were talking non stop and loud!!!! The whole ambience was non existent! Loud and obnoxious! Service!! What service!? Oh to come and pick of the check. Yeah that was excellent! I'd rather had gone to Cheese cake factory if I'd known I'd be sitting practically on someone's lap! The food, blah. One and done. Save your money.
I want to give this place four stars because they had a really good special when I went ($15 for 15oz prime rib, plus we got a free appetizer for mentioning Yelp), but I just wasn't that impressed by their signature dish -- so either it's a matter of "you get what you pay for" or "full price at this place must really suck." The meat was good but not great. The service was good but not great. The ambiance was nostalgic and funny and very 1990s hotel lobby, but unless a restaurant's environment is exceptional, that's pretty much on the bottom of my list.  

So yeah, A-OK, but probably not my first choice for steak.  Oh well, at least I made my mother in law happy by texting her to let her know that her steak is better than a fancy steakhouse.
I always thought the Prime Rib was for older folks, like grandparents. But I stand here today to tell you I was wrong. We came here to celebrate a birthday on a Sunday night around 5:30 with a party of 8. Surprisingly, they have a really great 3 course prix fixe deal on Sundays (and M-F before 6pm) for $45. It includes an appetizer, entree, and dessert. I opted for the house salad (THE DRESSING WAS THE BOMB, easily a 5 star salad), the Angus chopped sirlion (which left me wishing I'd ordered the prime rib), and the chocolate mousse pie. They do not skimp you on the portions, it's the real deal. The only thing I don't like about the prix fixe deal is that everyone at the table must agree on the two family-style sides. We opted for the mashed potatoes and creamed spinach. I love mashed potatoes and I really don't like sharing, I easily could have eaten more. I had a few bites of dining partner's Prime Rib which was so juicy and delicious. The service was good and the live piano playing was a nice touch. I will definitely be back!
My first time there and the place is really nice . The weight staff is mostly attentive a but more stuck up than anything else . 

Now for the food : Me and my boyfriend had lobster bisque and crab cocktail as appetizer for main course he had fish and me the lamb chops with asparagus.
Accompanies by 2 drinks each 3 alcoholic and one sparking water . 
The lamb chops came out rubbery and overdone barely cut through em , the asparagus was bland and had no taste at all they could have threw a few sprinkles of salt and pepper on there for taste . 
I didn't want to make a fuss and ruin the special evening so I didn't speak up . 
All that came to 250$ that's highway robbery if you ask me ! 
To add insult few hours after were home I'm violently throwing up the food we just had.
My puking continued all next day accompanied with a lovely head ache .
Say what you want but to me this looks like food poisoning . 
There's no way In f@@@@ hell should anyone be sick after spending 250$ on dinner . 
In closing in my opinion in would not recommend this place actually  I would advise you stay clear , unless that is you have money to burn and want to get sick from food .

Stay away !!!!
This spot gives meaning to the phrase Deluxe Super Club. It's not cool or edgy or hip.  It is simply Classic Steakhouse Dining--if you like the front cabin on the plane, the panache of The Academy of Music and the best of everything then this is home. First class service from the owner to the gracious bus staff. Sure it's high-end dining but this is where the word value comes into play--for what you get it is a fine value. Delicious, gracious...classic. One of Center City's best. If you're looking to eat, there's an Applebee's on 15th Street. If you want to dine, welcome to The Prime Rib.

I've lived in Center City for 49 years. Steakhouses come and go. The Prime Rib has outlasted most of them simply because it's that good.
I recently dined at the prime rib with a group of 16 to celebrate a birthday, during restaurant month. It was great. Although being split up in 2 tables everything was on point. Serine was good, food was great. $35 for prime rib, soup, mashed potatoes & green beans. Although the portions of the sides were small, when we asked they did bring out more. Dessert was great, I'm a big chocolate fan so I throughly enjoyed the chocolate mouse cake. While my fiancé went with the creme brûlée. Deff worth the trip, can't beat it for $35 all month long. Can't wait to go again in a few weeks.
This was my second time dining at The Prime Rib, and as before, everything was perfect. It has now been cemented as my go-to place for an occasion dinner. We arrived early, and sat at the bar just in time for the happy hour special. The bartender was a bit slow to take our order, but it was unexpectedly crowded for a Tuesday night, so that was excusable. We brought our own bottle of wine (which you can do, albeit at the expense of a $25 corking fee, though they do not advertise this), which we left with the hostess when we came in. When it came time for our reservation, our bottle of wine was already waiting at our table, on a small silver tray. I was quite impressed.

The Prime Rib exudes elegance in a way few places do nowadays. From the leopard print carpet to the black wood paneling to the lucite-lidded grand piano to the sharply suited waiters, you feel like you stepped back in time to an elegant restaurant in Midtown Manhattan in all the best ways. Our waiter, as expected, was impeccable. Even though he was also waiting on a large group nearby, our wine glasses were always full and our food was brought out with perfect timing.

As an appetizer, my boyfriend and I ordered the tuna tartare to split. When it came out, it was already split onto individual plates, which was a nice touch. The tuna was delicious, and there was certainly $19 worth of it between our two plates. For entrees, I ordered the veal porterhouse, and my boyfriend ordered the full cut of the prime rib. I am a tremendous fan of veal, though I had never had it as a porterhouse steak before, and I was not disappointed. Deliciously seasoned, generously cut, and perfectly tender, I would order it again in a heartbeat. The full cut of the prime rib was, to quote my boyfriend, "as big as [his] head". I didn't even know one could have a cut of meat so gigantic. He said it was delicious, and after trying a bit, I agreed with him. He didn't finish it, and I imagine most people wouldn't be able to. We got potatoes au gratin on the side, and they were good, but they're just potatoes au gratin, nothing to write home about. For dessert, I got a slice of key lime pie, which was solidly good, as expected.

Was it expensive? Sure it was. Was it overpriced? I would say no. The quality of the food, the service, and the atmosphere to me was well worth the price. We will certainly be back.
My mother and I decided to check out The Prime Rib after seeing reviews online. First off, it is in a great location (Rittenhouse Square). It was very conscience that to hop on an elevator, walk a few feet, and end up here. Second of all, the restaurant seems to get some traffic for the bar as well (a plus, because you know it's a popular spot). We both ended up ordering the house salad, which was delicious for a salad (I'm not really a salad person). The fact that I enjoyed it says a lot. I ended up ordering the split cut prime rib (medium rare). My mom ordered the prix fixe prime rib got two sides along with it (corn and mashed potatoes). The prime rib was delicious and perfectly cooked. Additionally, our waiter George was phenomenal. We ended our meal with desserts. We left stuffed, and with leftovers! Would recommend to anyone in the area. Will come back again.
I came here for a date thinking that this place would be classy and decent enough for that occasion. I was very disappointed first of all with our server who was rushing us and it was only 7:30 pm and the way he served our food he had no server etiquette at all! He just rushingly placed all our orders on the table like some dog food and the meat wasn't cooked the way we asked for which was medium rare. We couldn't find him and he was having attitude problems when we tried to ask for a medium rare steak politely  because we know it wasn't his fault . I really had high expectations for this place!  We still gave him an ok tip despite his service. So much for a goid dinner date but we ended up talking about the terrible service and food on the way home instead.
My friend and I were in Phila for the night. I found The Prime Rib on my gps. Wow this place was sophisticated , yet not pretentious.  Classy and refined yet relaxed.  It has a very New York feel to it. The Host was a gem . Brilliant personality in such a young man . Our waiter was Logan, a 19yr old college student who knows more about food and wine than anyone ive ever met. Ask for him for a truly wonderful dining experience.  Now the food. Just OMG is all I can say . I had the Veal Chop. Rare. ..best damn veal chop ever. My friend had the bone in prime rib...The best she ever had without a doubt.  We both agreed this was in our top 5 meals of our life....worth EVERY penny.
This is my first post on Yelp but I am so tired of the experience.  My husband and I have been coming to the Prime Rib for over 5  years every time we visit our son who lives in Rittenhouse Square.  The beef offerings have always been consistently good and better than the big beef chain restaurants in Philadelphia. The bar design is fabulous with good mood music.  Our  "beef" is with Joe the bartender.  We really want to love this place but unless one is a regular expect to be ignored and treated like a bumpkin.  On our recent visit, he totally ignored 2 patrons as he tended to his regulars with service and chat.  His affected mannerism needs to be taken down a few notches and could do with a course in how to treat everyone.  I realize this post will offend some.
Went there last week.  Management was awful.  My friends steak had to be sent back 3 times because they couldn't cook it right.  Tried charging us for it and argued with us when we called them on it.  The rest of the food was OK at best.  You could go to outback or a lone star get better steak and service.  

Personally I would never go back.
I was here during restaurant week with a bunch o friends. The food was alright considering we only had a limited selection to pick from... The price, on the other hand, not alright. Thankfully, we got the restaurant week deal cuz otherwise we woulda had to go out on the streets to panhandle to foot the bill. 

It was a bit dark so I could be a lil off the mark when I say this but the interior decoration was just a smidgen antiquated... it reminded me of the late 80s actually with mirrors and black glass everywhere...

On the plus side, there was a live pianist and my company was great.
For some reason this location is not as good as the one in DC.
Been here twice and while the service is good, the prime rib is so-so at best. I don't eat a lot of prime rib, but once in a while I have a taste for it and the pieces I've had here with both fatty and not real tasty. I always ask for an end cut when I make the reservation and when I get there they never have it. Not sure why they say they will not my request and then never make good on it.
Sides are usually good, although the home fries last time were a bit greasy.
They do pour a good drink and the wines by the glass are fairly priced.
They used to require men to wear jackets, but now you can go in looking like a bum. Guess the recession has gotten restaurants to take the money and if people look like they just came from a game of flag football who cares.
Last time I was in DC that restaurant still required jackets, and the food was better.
Classy restaurant. I am Argentine and I have to admit I was quite surprised. The meat was mild and tasty, almost like butter, with a crusty border as it should. Great technic and nice service, huge portions (I shared the smaller one with my mother and my boyfriend was more than satisfied with the small size as well). Found one of my favorite Argentine Malbec in the wine menu ;). Worth it to visit if you are in Philly
Tradition.  There is something to be said for it, when you find it in an un-selfconscious (not Butcher & Singer) kind of way.  When it is authentic.  And not an exercise in food marketing for those who need "branding" to validate their dining experience.  The Prime Rib is that kind of place.  

I love The Prime Rib.  I love it's well cared for, dated, slightly dowdy, period decor the way I like an old Bentley (much better than a new one) with the smell of leather and gleam of the burl-wood dash.  I love that it is not on the "A" list of hip places to go.  When they have live music, I can hear the magnificent Ted Gericke playing the piano, a real Jazz maestro, and I will say that-  with the music, candlelight, white linen tablecloths, and servers that take their jobs seriously in formal attire-  the ambiance approaches heaven.  Best of all, the food measures up.  It is pure traditional fare.  It aspires not to be innovative in any way, but simply prepared with exceptional quality-  in both ingredients and execution.  Yes, it is the kind of food our parents ate when they went out for a special meal, before the Restaurant Revolution.   Of course, I had to order the prime rib, at least once and it was as good as any I have ever had (although I am not terribly qualified to judge steak as I order it rarely- no pun!).  My companion (heresay!) does, however, like her meat and she raved over the filet mignon.  I will say that the portion I received was enough to feed a family of four, and it was prepared perfectly to specification.  

They recently lifted the "jacket required" rule for men in the dining area, as a nod to 21st century casual, and I am glad of that, as I do not always want to "dress for dinner."   But if the traditional aspect is a bit overwhelming at first, one is set at ease right away by servers who are friendly and casual in contrast to their formal black & white.  They make you feel good.  Congratulations to management for uniformly excellent training and attention to detail. 

I like that I can have a conversation across the table at the Prime Rib, still enjoying music in the background.  I do not need to dine in a mosh pit, which is the ambiance at many "hipper" places in town.  The Prime Rib is "civilized."  Let me say, if I were meeting a client, doing an interview with the mayor, negotiating with a Soviet agent who wanted to defect, or otherwise wanted an elegant place tucked away from the indiscreet light of day, I would choose The Prime Rib.  

A vestige of Old Philadelphia that has survived intact, without fanfare, keeping this mode of traditional dining alive.

PS: the bar is a great place to eat as well, with friendly service and you are bound to remember the conversation (and you might even get to have a drink with Ted Gericke between sets if you are lucky)
I stayed at this hotel last month for 8 nights, visiting relatives and friends and touring the olde city where I was born and raised.
    At the hotel one early afternoon I went to the Prime Rib and asked if I could take a look around, that I was staying upstairs and would like to eat there. The manager was very accommodating and walked me around the restaurant. 
    Its fabulous with the beautiful elevated piano, leather seats, beautiful settings, etc. It reminds me of a time when Downstairs didn't feel entitled to eat with Upstairs.  Slobbus American Rex thinks a short sleeved shirt with a plumber's logo on the back and a name tag on the front are customary de rigeur these days for high priced and quality dining just because they have the money and know how to use dese, dems and doze when appropriate. Dress up folks, look your best, dress for success when going to the Prime Rib.
     The prime rib dinner was good, the waiter was a fine fellow, not pushy, not condescending but really pleasant.  I am not going to go into individual items but just say that overall it was a good, satisfying meal, the service was nice and attentive, I would go back there again and again with my wife who agreed entirely that we had a wonderful time.  For those of you who go out with 8 and 10 people, save it for chucky cheese, you can't even get appropriate service with that many people at Pat's King of steaks even though you have to stand up and eat in a crowd. Eight and ten people are too many slobs in one location. Thanks again for reading my comments that the Prime Rib is a really worthwhile restaurant.
Went for graduation celebration. Terrific atmosphere, old school steak house with dark wood walls white table cloths and the staff are all in either tuxedos or full suits. Greeted pleasantly, not over the top and fake. Waiter was delightful. Perfect mix of friendly and professional. He offered suggestions when one of our guests was undecided. Attentive support staff as well. Our party of 8 was not stuffed into a too small table. Now about the food....one dish was better than the next! Lobster bisque had chunks of lobster in the bottom. Clams casino had thick bacon on it. We all had filet mignon - like BUTTA!! It came with crabmeat on top and that too, was delicious, like scrape off your plate good. Prices, for us as New Yorkers, were comparable to what we are used for a good steak dinner. And NO-ONE had room for dessert, but we had delicious left overs today!
I've been here so many times over the past years, and it was always fabulous. I decided to have a small Christmas party for 10 guests...it was awful! The service was just eh, and the prime rib was not good at all. I took two bites and that was it.
What a terrible disappointment this trip was.
We stayed at the Latham and had a horrible experience with a bartender at the Prime rib. We were in Philadelphia celebrating our CEO's birthday and when we went to the bar for a nightcap before retiring, the lazy bartender named Nitra saw all of us walk in and refused to serve us. We just left Del Friscos where we had a wonderful dinner. We had out of town clients with us and were so embarrassed that we would be treated that way at 11:45 on a Friday evening when we are guests of the hotel. It was crazy. The front desk coordinator at the hotel could not believe it either. Prime Rib needs to fire Nitra, you lost out on a sale and now we will never ever recommend Prime Rib to anyone. Too many people want to work hard, get rid of him and hire someone who wants to work!
We came to try the Prix Fixe and it was surpringly good.  I had the prime rib, which was juicy, fatty, and flavorful - just as a good prime rib should be; I can't stand overdone beef..  Was it the best ever?  Not quite but it was still tasty and definitely satisfying.  To be completely honest, the crab cakes are probably the better pick, with plenty of lump crabmeat, but sometimes you just really want artery-clogging steak.  The clams casino appetizer was flavorful with plenty of actual clam meat, and the creamed spinach side was on par with that found at any other steakhouse.  The creme brûlée dessert was okay but nothing special: it was creamy but a little too sweet for my liking.  Service was very attentive and the ambiance was great with leather couches and a baby grand.  Business casual dress though so I wouldn't come in jeans and a T-shirt.  Overall, a good steakhouse with a decently priced and tasty Prix Fixe.  I would definitely come for that again but I'm not sure if the steaks and dishes  are actually amazing enough to warrant the full price.  For that, I would probably head to Del Frisco's or Fleming's.
OK, it's great. Let's just start there. But i'm taking away one star because it wasn't the best prime rib I've ever had. Other than that, it's great. Service was AMAZING. Couldn't have been happier with our wait staff. Very attentive, and helpful. They have a great deal Sunday nights too, which can't be beat. And you can bring in your own bottle of wine with no corking fee. So seriously, it's great. But as for flavor, i was just missing a little something. But overall a great meal, and the ambiance is terrific!
Over the years I've managed to squeeze a few visits into my budget and schedule and so far they haven't let me down.  The dish of choice is of course the prime rib, but they have something for everyone.  It took me a couple times to figure out how I like my prime rib cooked, and the shrimp cocktail is worth every dollar.

The service has always been top notch, the wait staff is very knowledgeable and helpful in selecting a good wine to match your taste and meal.  Looking forward to my next visit, wish I could try some other dishes, but I'll probably always stick to the Prime Rib and Shrimp Cocktail.
I've been to the Prime Rib a few times, once for restaurant week, and a few other special occasions, the most recent of which was their $25 Prime Rib special for the month of August.

It's unfortunate that this place has so many 1-2 star reviews because of one-off bad experiences, most of which I've read seem like situations where the customer didn't speak up, had they done so, I think they would have found their issues promptly resolved.

Atmosphere:  Swanky and Quiet (except for the piano, which isn't very loud) is a great word for it.  It's an upscale place with an old-school vibe, but they won't turn you away if you have jeans and a polo on.

Beverages:  I have never ordered a cocktail here, so I can't speak for them.

Cuisine:  The Prime Rib signature dish is hands down the best steak I've ever had (which is a list that includes the other big names in Philly, Del Friscos, Ruth's Chris, etc.).  The filet oscar was also exceptional when I had it.  Make sure you get an order of the crispy potato skins, they are delicious and one order is big enough for two.

Service:  Perfectly attentive, but not in your face.  

If you're looking for amazing steak, a quiet, classy, and/or romantic atmosphere, as well as great service, this place is for you.
One of my favorites!

All right, it's a steak house and it can be stuffy....and frequented by older clientele.

Forget that! Make the place your own! We do and have a ball!

First. sit at the bar and not a table. Make sure Lynn is bartending! Tell her you want to start with a Brent's Old Fashioned! You're already off to a good start.

The games play on tvs at the bar, the conversation can be lively, and you get all good things without a stuffy feel.

Here's the secret...they do a $35.00 3-course offering all year round. You just have to ask for it. Now, the portions are soo large you can share everything. Mel says the French Onion soup is the best in the city. I usually go for the oysters. I figure, when in Rome...so dinner is usually Prime Rib, which is always perfect. It's at least a 15-ounce cut which means left overs the next day. Mel has had salmon, crab imperial, and other dishes with very good things to say about all of them. I've had potatoes a few different ways and they are always very basic, but always done very well. The veg is always super fresh. Try the corn off the cob. I can't get over how good corn can be in November.

The wine list can be a little pricey so have one glass, but splurge on something nice. You'll be happy you did. 

The desserts are awesome. In fact I have a slice of Key Lime pie in the fridge for dessert tonight.

Did I mention that the portions are so large you are bringing home leftovers?

Don't blow off The Prime Rib as too expensive and stuffy. Try it the way I suggest and you'll be stuffed, happy, and maybe have a few dollars left in your wallet!
I suppose The Prime Rib is sort of a love or hate restaurant, but I must say that I am firmly in the "love" camp.  The food can be favorably compared to any other high end steakhouse, and I wholeheartedly recommend the $29 "mini" prime rib portion that's available on Sundays.  If you have a hearty appetite and aren't getting any appetizers it might not be enough food, but it fits in perfectly as part of a three or more course meal.

What really sets The Prime Rib apart from Morton's, Capital Grille and the like, though, is its unique decor and atmosphere.  My girlfriend and I have typically been the only diners under 60 when we come here, but that's been just fine with us.  The jackets-required, tuxedoed waiters, 1940s vibe might not be for everyone, but I've never been anywhere else in Philly that offers the same sort of experience, and I think it's quite enjoyable for a once-and-a-while, special occasion kind of a meal.
