Wowza! Their caffeinated options are incredibly on point. Just my style. Drip, hand pour, Chemex pour overs, cold brew, as well as Nitro Cold Brew. All using their own single origin carefully sourced beans roasted locally in Frankford and named with much personality. Oh so heavenly! 

I have no idea what took me so long to stop by, but I will surely be visiting regularly now. I absolutely fell in love! L. O. V. E. Supporting local and small is the icing on the cake for me here. 

On my first visit I opted for a Chemex pour over of El Salvador. It was said to have notes of peanut butter, fig  and lemon. It was very dark yet incredibly smooth and my glass which I asked for over ice was created with care. The original taste was perfection just as it was for this black coffee drinker! So delish!

I then had the Costa Rica Chemex pour over iced. Also delish with hints of lemon meringue, cedar and macadamia nut. I think I prefer the El Salvador and that's what I will be buying beans of to keep in the house for my new Chemex!

I also ordered the fig toast and let me tell you, I have been dreaming about it every single day since I left!!! OMG! OMG! OMG! It was a two big hunks of fresh baked bread from High Street on Market toasted to perfection allowing you to pick it up while it properly held the toppings but still remained soft and chewy in the middle. It was drizzled with melty, ooey gooey peanut butter and topped with sliced figs. It has a bit of sea salt making it the perfect sweet and salty treat. My husband asked if he could video me eating it because he said I was making love to it. The pb was dripping  down my fingers. It was kind of a sensual experience lol. It was phenomenal and my new splurge item! TRY IT! A big enough portion to share or half to take home so maybe order it in a to go box if you're flying solo on this treat. 
*You can purchased the amazing bread by slice or by loaf!! 

I can't help but mention every carefully thought-out design detail. They were pure perfection in my opinion. Dark and moody yet somehow clean and welcoming. A bit of vintage touches, but still a fresh, youthful look to the space. I even noted the small details such as the honeycomb tiles in the restroom that mimicked the honeycomb pattern in the chic wall paper. I'm a total sucker for impeccable attention to details and appreciate  perfect balance in all things, especially interiors and this place has it going on! 

They sell bags of their unique blends of coffee which make a great gift for the coffee lover in your life, French macarons, biscotti, coffee gadgets such as the Chemex and grinders (which I'm obsessed with), loose teas, and some hip Rival Bros swag. 

Seating inside is somewhat limited and there are many set up working who will probably not be moving anytime soon. Luckily for us the tables outside where we wanted to sit on a gorgeous morn' anyway were open on a weekday. I can imagine the weekends are fairly packed here and on rainy or colder days seating is an issue. Grab and go is probably the way to go on those days. 

*Street parking was a cinch and there are two 30 minute loading zone spots right out front for a quick stop.
The long-awaited Rival Bros. coffee bar is as cool as the names of their signature roasts. The neighborhood seems to be on board big time - there have been people in and out every time I've swung by for a cup. 

Last weekend, my fiancé picked up an herb scone from the bakery display and he made the mistake of giving me a bite. This was like no scone I've ever before tasted. Bakery products come from High Street on Market so it should have been no surprise that it was incredible. 

Great addition to the neighborhood.
This place embodies my dreams of the little neighborhood coffee shop I would venture to after a weekend morning stroll. It's part hipster, part metro, and a whole-lotta delicious. It's one of those places you don't want to tell people about because you want to keep it "your little secret," but then you realize that you're just being selfish and that you should share their amazingness with the world. 

The coffee is complex, their lattes are little works of art, and their teas make you feel special. The fact that they serve High Street breads and pastries is just over-kill. Their sandwiches are thoughtful bundles showcasing local ingredients, so they change seasonally. I was drooling over their ricotta toast with honey and their new peanut butter toast with figs just yesterday when the customer in front of me ordered them. I was seriously disappointed I had already eaten breakfast.

They're not your standard study cafe so don't expect to unload all of your study paraphernalia out onto the tables. It's more of a destination for serious drinks, delicious bites, and good conversation.
Awesome coffee. Cortado is called a Derringer here. 

Came here three times during my stay in Philly. The Red eye danish is ok nothing spectacular but it did the job cause I woke up hungry. Coffee is very good here though.
When I first heard that the Rival Bros Coffee Truck was opening a coffee bar, I got filled with so much anticipation that I even made the failure of arriving to it before they even opened (http://www.yelp.com/biz/ultimo-coffee-philadelphia?hrid=YhcNg9DGH-HemQqyeYnqSg#src:self). With the fresh small batch coffee and espresso beans that Jonathan Adams and Damien Pileggi roast its just that understandable. The truck managed to be better than the majority of most coffeehouses in the city, and upon first entry I found that they managed to take that to a whole other level.

Along with the super fresh and amazing means, they add in extra touches like an assortment of loose leaf teas from House of Tea (http://www.yelp.com/biz/house-of-tea-philadelphia), breads and pastries sourced by chef Eli Kulp of High Street on Market (http://www.yelp.com/biz/high-street-on-market-philadelphia), and extras like organic butter from Trickling Springs Creamery and Jam from Green Aisle Grocery (http://www.yelp.com/biz/green-aisle-grocery-philadelphia). They definitely knbow how to source local fresh ingredients the right way! 

Those extra touches led to me having what might just be the best cold brewed iced coffee that I've ever enjoyed, thanks in part to to the brown sugar creamer that they make especially for it on site. And the unique twist of their pastries led to me savoring a cannoli danish that utilized the best of both with a cherry on top.

Add in the compact but comfortable space that's loaded with plenty of outlets for those who grab a table, and you have a solid spot to work in.
One of my favorite coffee shops in the city - not only because the coffee is great and service is nothing to complain about, but oh-my-gosh their toasts are to die for. I find myself in the unfortunate situation of craving their peanut butter and fig with honey toast very often, which means that I go out of my way to work here even though I've got a much better set up in terms of equipment in my office. 

Their coffee has always been spot on, wifi reliable, and unlimited parking can be found if you look carefully on Grey's Ferry (and if you don't mind walking a few blocks). It can get tricky sometimes to find a spot here since it's a tiny little place, but I've managed to somehow be lucky every time. But do yourself a favor and get that peanut butter and fig toast. It is the perfect combination of ooeygooey goodness from the peanut butter with the perfect crunch of the toast and the sweetness of the honey that leaves you completely satisfied and full.
Okay. Just a few minutes ago. I order large coffee, pay my cash, tip $1 for a $2.50 coffee. I step to my right and wait for my coffee. The cashier takes the next customer's order, then pours the next guy's coffee. I politely ask her if I can get my coffee. She gives me an eye roll, puts a sleeve on a small cup. I remind her I ordered a large. She gives me a put-upon shrug and finally gives me my coffee acting like I inconvenienced her. No apologies. If she just said she was sorry when she realized she was mistaken, no problem. However, giving me an eye roll when she made a mistake even though I was polite throughout the transaction? Sorry for bothering you by asking for a coffee I paid for and tipped 40% on. 

Great coffee but a complete failure in customer service.
Rival bros coffee, for me, is not only the best coffee I've had in Philly, but the best coffee I've had in the world.  And I've had a lot of coffee, including many different forms of espresso from world barista champion Gwilym Davies at Prufrock coffee in London.

Rival Bros espresso is top notch, equal to my two other favorites, Sightglass in SF and Nude espresso in London. But their baristas are unreal. Their drip is tied for best morning cup with Sightglass.  Their derringer (cortado) and flat white are the platonic ideal of those drinks. Well balanced, bright, but not to the extreme that some of the more hipster places take it to.  They also make a mean affogato with honeycomb ice cream (an admirable second place in the affogato world behind the buffalo milk affogato at Four Barrel in SF).

Beyond just the coffee, the owners are top notch people. Proprietor Jonny Adams is so passionate about his craft, it's hard not to be entranced when he talks about coffee. It reflects his pedigree as a chef. And a pretty damn nice all around guy too.
TLDR; Really good coffee, nice décor / ambiance, but not a good place to get work done. 

Rival bros is definitely one of those coffee shops that draws you in when you walk past it given the modern, but farmhouse like design. Once inside, you immediately feel at home and the staff is very accommodating and welcoming. The coffee here is also top notch - the latte has the perfect amount of milk foam at the right consistency. The only downside to this place is that it gets incredibly loud. Noise echoes through the space and given the size of the location, it is hard to get work done / take a call. Not a bad place to meet someone for a coffee chat.
(4.5 stars) I'm a huge fan of this coffee shop. Drip coffee to stay is only $2, there are refills for $1, the service is always friendly, and the daily bread is wonderful. Like seriously, the daily bread is better than almost any pastry you'll get somewhere else: lightly buttered and sprinkled with sea salt it's so tasty yet surprisingly filling too and only $4!! Oh also the drip coffee is great of course.

The only thing this shop doesn't have going for it really is that there isn't much space to hang out and work or grab a table with a friend. There's a handful of tables inside and a few outside but other than that, it's a mostly grab-and-go setup. That shouldn't deter you though from dropping by at all!
I came here to try the nitro cold brew and as a black coffee lover, I wasn't disappointed. The coffee was straight from the tap (not over ice) and very smooth and creamy in texture.  I definitely agree when people compare it to a Guinness. I'm not a huge fan of iced coffee or Guinness but this is a refreshing drink I can see myself ordering again! 

The place has limited seating but the service is fabulous with wifi!
Unfortunately this place doesn't have a ton of seating available. I came by around 1:00pm on a Monday when I was off from work thinking it wouldn't be crowded... unfortunately I was wrong. Had to get my drink to go because there was no where to sit. 

THAT being said, I got the Peru chemex coffee and was very happy with it. They had a good amount of coffees available and I definitely want to try the others. Not a place you can bank on being able to sit and enjoy your coffee at though, only bummer there.
Coffee was amazing! Had a cold brew and a drip coffee. Also shared a chocolate croissant and a savory danish, which were delicioussss. I don't even know what the sauce on the danish was but it was great! Definitely will be back! 
Beware: If you are interested in sitting in the cafe, it may be a little difficult to score seats; the studious crowd seems to like to hang out here.
Pro Tip: There is a dog park nearby; you can take your coffee and pastry to go and dog-watch :)
What a cool little spot. The baristas here were young guys with great attitudes. I didn't get a seat inside, as it was pretty full with people on their laptops. Definitely had good vibes overall. Latte was delicious!
I love this place! The staff is friendly, and even though it is a real cozy establishment I always manage to score a seat. I love it when a family member decides to take the train, which isn't often, to or from Philadelphia in the morning. Thereby giving me the chance to prepare myself, or decompress from welcoming or saying goodbye to house guest. (I love my family :) 

What makes this place stand out is the sourdough toast with sea-salt and  preservatives. I am really on a quest to try as many flavors of preservatives as possible.
A for coffee, C for ambience. The coffee was decent but the place was dark and packed. Also, keep in mind you work at a coffee shop so obviously you know more about coffee than I do. It's not my job to know the difference, that's why I pay $12 for coffee. So when I order an iced coffee and a cold brew and am laughed at because they are the same thing... maybe save the laughter for someone who cares about the art of coffee, rather than someone who is trying to caffeinated themselves to prepare for their Saturday with a toddler.
Walked into here on a Saturday afternoon to get a bit of work done, and I was surprised to see that only one table was taken! This cafe is an ideal place to do work, with outlets spaced intermittently along the wall, which has a long bench seat attached to it. The lighting does get a bit dim later at night though. The service was quick and friendly, and the peanut butter and fig toast was delicious! The peanut butter was slathered on particularly generously, but no complaints here. Be sure to ask for the maple syrup on the side if you're trying to be "healthier," as the peanut butter makes it sugary enough!
My first time trying pro coffee and boy am I impressed. Got a Tanzania which is one of their specialty brews and the flavor is smooth and delicious with a hint of orange. The service is quick and friendly, and they seem really popular as a lot of people are here to buy their coffee. Next time I really want to try their nitro cold brew as this seems to be a popular item as well. 

The atmosphere is cozy and they have plugs for studying, which is excellent. Unfortunately, the trade off is that as it gets busy, there are not always enough seats, but that's to be expected I suppose.
Finally, I'm getting around to writing this review. As the 5 star rating suggests... this is as good as it gets for an establishment and it surpasses the high bar set for great cafés these days- solid wifi, great seating, good music, polite and sincere ambience and above all a really talented team behind the counter running the show. You will not be disappointed by any of the espresso. Promise. If I'm wrong you can send me a shitty tweet or something, but I'm not wrong. Just don't burn your tongue and you're in the clear.

I started coming to the café to grab decaf (yeah guys, caffeine can mess with your brain) coffees every weekend and I quickly became homies with the amiable/kickass crew... which seems to be the norm here as everyone seems to be known-of, if not- a friend. I find this to be the one aspect that can and does set a café apart from any other 'normal' or 'good' place. You start to feel welcome and slightly excited to come back.

For seating - there are 6 tables which seat 2 people each, a counter which suits 3-4 people max and a small bench for couples or 3 close friends. It's almost always at 60-75% capacity with people moving through and I don't normally point this out but the bathroom is 

I also want to point out that I came to Rival Bros during a big blizzard here in Philadelphia and they had their doors open (not literally), fueling the entire block of Fitler Square, and happily doing so in the process.

Oh the food is dope too apparently although I can't eat any of it besides the macaroons (celiac).

If you're in the area, slap some cash on the counter and buy a cup of coffee from this place. You'll be happy to have done so.
I can't actually comment on the coffee since we're not coffee drinkers, but I can say that the pastries we bought here were excellent. My husband got a plain croissant, and I got some kind of cheesy flaky pastry with mustard that I couldn't get enough of. They had a number of loaf cakes, muffins, and other pastries on offer too that also looked great, although everything was on the pricey side. I see on further research that they source their baked goods from an outside bakery, which would explain the prices, but regardless of whether or not they're baked in-house, I would gladly buy one every day. We were only in town for the weekend (our Airbnb was a block away), but I imagine this would be our go-to cafe if we lived in the area. It's got a vibe that's both cool hipster and neighborhood-friendly.
Another great coffee shop in the area! I was able to order my drink and get it quickly! I even purchased some beans and they were able to grind them for me. It looks like a great place to hang out *fingers crossed* *one day* make sure to check this place out :)
Well that was just lovely.

As soon as I heard that Rival Bros got their own brick and mortar, I knew I had to make my way over to check out the new digs.  This is such a cool little coffee shop.

Upon walking in I was excited by the bright, sun filled room, comfortable seats and several bean varieties to choose from with a Chemex preparation.  I tried the Honduras and it was very tasty and priced really well.

Will I be back?  Absolutely.  It's been too long since I've had some whistle and cuss and I like what they're doing at the new location.

Cheers.
Just opened in Spring 2014. Make a great Americano as well as other specialty brews. Place could use some better food options. Usually has a very small set of pastry options that seem to be sold out by mid morning, and minimally appetizing or satisfying unless you just want a sugar rush. Good place to do work or catch up on some reading. Inside is a bit cozy and can be a little cramped when a small line builds.
To say that I was excited about the opening of this place is probably an understatement. After stalking the truck in West Philly whenever I could, this place is so much more convenient, and has great proximity to the dog park. The space is clean, bright, and modern with the same classic Rival Bros aesthetic. 

On my first stop by, I got my usual favorite brown sugar latte (iced this time!) and got some bread and jam (their only food option at this point besides some pastries). Their bread is from High St, so its homemade and delicious and it came with some crazy good jam. My friend and I snagged a table inside, which was definitely comfy, but maybe not great if you want to camp out and study for hours. The outdoor tables and chairs are a great addition. 

I made it over there again this morning and saw that they had a blueberry lemonade and I couldn't say no. It was everything I ever hoped it would be. I love supporting these guys and only wish I lived closer. Good luck in your new and amazing location!
The space is small and there is little seating ( leaving less room for those who table hog to do work all day lol ) and the prices seem a bit high. Like really high actually. I mean 2.50$ for a macaron ? Really ?? And a tiny macaron at that oh boy ! 


Ok , now that I've said all that, this place is nice, the staff is very polite, my Americano came out very well ( but how hard could that be ) they did leave space without asking but that's not that big of a deal. My son LOVED the macaron, so much so that we had to abruptly leave our nice outdoor table to avoid a meltdown. I'd definitely go back again.
Affogato. Affogato. Affogato
I LOVE rival bros! I live a few blocks away and come here often to study with a cup of their delicious iced coffee/iced latte. There are only about 5 tables, enough seating for ~12 people, but I never fail to get lucky with a spot! The baristas are all super friendly and helpful with suggestions/explanations for coffee noobs (like me), and the bathroom is seriously awesome. I'll definitely be back and maybe try a baked good one of these days..
I found this place by accident and I am glad I did. No seriously, I know I'm not a coffee drinker but I'm seriously glad I did. A really handsome store, dark wood with dark colors and yet very bright, welcoming place. It is a bit on the small side, so I can see how that might be a bummer. The coffee was really good but can we take a second to discuss that bread? No seriously. I think we need to discuss this.

That bread was honestly some of the best bread I've ever had. Ever. I was licking the darned box when I finished because it seemed shameful to waste even a molecule. That sea salt, that butter ohh god than jam. Okay, I really need to stop before I drool on myself.
Great spot to do some homework or work. They know how to make espresso. Coffee roast is above average. Cool decor!
Every time I've gone I've had very friendly and talented baristas. They have a cool, relaxed atmosphere and unbelievable coffee. I am lucky they are right around the corner!
You know the coffee here is great. Let me tell you about a pastry called a kouign amann. It just might change your life. Possibly the most perfect combination of sugar, butter and flour ever made. The best way i can describe it is that it's like a croissant with sugar in the dough and caramelized sugar on the outside, so it's crunchy on the outside but soft in the middle. I had never heard of it until I tried one on a whim a few weeks ago. My guess is that they are really time consuming to make and hard to do well. The ones at Rival Bros are from High Street on Market, which I will have to try now that I know the kind of wonderful secrets they might be hiding!
Cutest corner coffee shop! 

One of my closest friends is a coffee snob and found this place while visiting me here in Philly! I'm so glad he did because I loooove the coffee they roast here! So goooood. I just bought a bag of La Acostena from Costa Rica and it makes me so happy every morning. It has a great balance of bitter, tart, and sweet! 

The pastries they get from High Street on Market are bomb.com as well. I had an herb scone that was unlike any other scone. It was soft, fluffy and so flavorful. I want a savory scone every time now. 

Only downside is that it is very small so if you come at the wrong time, there won't be any seats available! That's okay because this neighborhood is supaaa cute and you can just take a nice stroll with your coffee instead :)
Rival Brothers is a really nice little shop on 24th and Lombard. We stopped in on Black Friday late in the day. The shop is smaller but has a decent amount of seating.

For me, Rival Brothers may even be better then La Colombe. I personally like the Whistle & Cuss. They had a nice selection of desserts also, but they were a bit pricey. Nice place and I will definitely be back.
Love the coffee but the place is to small. I been going for last 3 months sometimes  3 times a week. I walk out many times.  The people there will take 2 tables and sit all day without buying any thing  just to use the free WiFi. Just the other day the standup counter  was block with a bicycle. The patrons there are not considerate  of the limited  space. Other  than that best coffee in area
The place is really small but not usually very busy. The cappuccino was good, nothing I found special but really smooth which is all that matters. 

The sun-dried tomato and mozzarella sandwich was really good too! It was a bit salty but not bothersome. Definitely a must try!
I have been waiting for this place to open up since Johnny Mac left his post at Pub and Kitchen to really jump start his Rival Brothers coffee campaign. That was a sad day indeed, but after tasting the fruit of his efforts getting Rival Bros started, I love this place. I first tasted Rival Bros coffee at High Street on Market, and it instantly became my favorite in the city. The variety of flavors that they offer and the strength and richness of the roasts are amazing.

I have been to the new spot a few times. I dont live particularly close to it, but I like to take a long walk on weekend mornings to grab a cup and a pastry provided by High Street. They are working hand in hand to provide really amazing products. Do yourself a favor and dont pass on a pastry if you go for a coffee. Ramp scones, chocolate croissants, rhubard bundt cakes, seriously this stuff is legit and pairs well with any coffee choice you make here.

I have had both the Papua New Guinea roast and the Kenyan roast, both Chemex style, and they were fantastic. Everything is done with such precision, it is truly an art form. This is one of if not the best coffee spots in the city. If you dig good coffee, you need to check it out.
While I was sad to see the truck at Drexel go, the new cafe is excellent. While the limited seating makes things a bit cozy, the overall atmosphere of the cafe is a warm one. The hours of 7-7 are sure to please both early birds and late risers alike, and for the non-coffee drinkers, they offer tea and sodas as well. The chocolate and sea salt shortbread cookie is a must. WiFi is available; just ask for the password.
Took my wife on a coffee date here, it was fantastic. We got a couple cups of pourover, the toast of the day, and the everything croissant with goat cheese. Sat outside and enjoyed the view on the street, it was quite lovely.

The thing I loved most? Every bag of beans you buy comes with a free drink, and since we had already had our drinks, we were able to bring the receipt back the next time.
This is a cool neighborhood spot that's seeming to accomplish the coffee joint impossibility; expending and growing while keeping the small coffee joint feel.  The drip coffee is really good! They carry a limited food menu.  So far, I only tried the cubano but I say 'so far' because based on the flavors, I'd be willing to try more treats!
Had a delicious latte here and a friendly conversation with the two baristas. Nice dark, moderns lines in this place that makes it cool and intriguing. Will definitely be going back.
Great vibe. Great staff. AMAZING COFFEE.

Pick it up and hit up Fidler Square - sit in the park and enjoy your delicious beverage with some fresh air. 

Rival Bros ROCKS!
Capuchino very tasty, served fast and HOT, as it must be. Cinnamon roll was delicious and decadently buttery. A perfect little neighborhood coffee shop experience.
Love this place! I go frequently for coffee and tea. Pre-COVID, they served toast on bread from High Street on Market which was one of my favorite study snacks. During the worst of the pandemic, I left Philly but ordered many bags of their loose leaf breakfast tea to keep me going and support their business from a distance. Everything they serve is delicious, I recommend them to everyone I know!
Having a niece and a nephew who go to TPS I was sad to see Tastebuds go. Where would we have our afternoon snack? I sort of sneered at this place for the first weeks of school. Today I had twenty minutes to kill so I ventured in. 

WOAH! First off what they did to the interior is amazing. It is gorgeous, warm, inviting, yet really cool without being too hispter-y. I'm probably going to start doing an hour or two of work on my laptop before I pick up the kids. I sat outside, where the tables are low like coffee tables, so not great for work, but terrific for enjoying your treats. 

I love chou cremes, and I'm a bit traditional about them. However, today I tried my first pastry from High Street on Market, and I think I saw Jesus. The dough was almost nutty from unbleached flour. The pastry cream, light with hints of coffee. An unexpected blueberry and a dusting of cocaine? Or was that powdered sugar? Delicious. 

I did not try any of the beverages, but I shall tomorrow, and the next day, and the next day and the next day.
I've tried their coffee truck on Drexel's campus--hand pour. It was pretty good if I recall that far back! 

On to their new brick and mortar establishment. It was lazy sunday afternoon coming back into the city and I needed a pick me up. I've been coffee drinking around Old City for the past few months and was debating between ultimo and Rival Brothers since I was by I-76. 

Nice corner shop with nice décor. The windows provide airiness but the two door system seems a bit too much? For instance, I entered through one door, a couple came through the other. I "kinda" queue in line, but the couple kinda slid in front of me. this wasn't a big deal bc I was reviewing the menu, while the others looked (and ordered) as if they were regulars. 

I opted for cold brew because I was on a mission to locate a shop that can top my experience at Menagerie. Staff was friendly. I think there was one miss that was a slight oversight. 

I thought the two on staff had a system. One will take orders and run food orders, while the other did the coffee--which was happening throughout my visit until I seen a person receive their iced coffee before me.. despite being 3 people behind me (the cashier got his drink, not the other coffee guy). 

I ended up having to ask them about it which was an additional wait time. Not a big miss, but a hiccup that would be more serious during rush hour times. Its on draft as well!

I'm big into my music loud, but felt the play list was a bit too loud and rough for a coffee shop, especially for a Sunday afternoon--maybe as a wake me up playlist for Monday mornings. It wouldn't be the best for relaxing/studying/catching up if you are sitting inside. 

Either way, the cold brew was good. But again, I think its their bean/roast...too much hints of chocolate for my taste preference. Overall, I'd still hit them up if I was in the area. They offer some light bites, a bit carb heavy, but looked and smelled delicious.
Tasty peanut butter toast and coffee. They were out of the avocado toast which was a bummer, but I still had something delicious.
Have been buying my beans from Rival for the past few months, and gotta say, their coffee is SO good. I love that they're usually roasted within the week and so bold and fresh. Whistle & Cuss is my favorite blend, followed by Revolver. Currently giving the Featherweight a try. Also love the fact that you get a free cup to go with your bag. How awesome is that?  Not having to wait until I get home to brew a new pot is pretty clutch.

Friendly service, fresh pastries, and ample seating with free Wi-Fi.
Awesome little coffee shop near my place! They also carry Weckerly ice cream sandwiches - winner
Really quaint cafe that has local neighborhood vibes even though they have multiple locations in the city. The huge pluses for me here are the outdoor seating, the everything croissant, AND THE FACT THEY SELL WECKERLYS ICE CREAM SANDWICHES AH (just get one for $4. You'll thank me later) 

You can order a chai latte even though it's not technically on the menu - first time I ordered it was a little watery but the second time it was much better. I think it just depends who is behind the bar, but everyone is really friendly and the place is quite dog friendly !
I prefer this location to the one on Spruce, mainly because of the music and staff, both of which are more to my liking here. It is a much smaller space but nicely laid out, with a few tables outside and a row inside. I've always been able to find a place to sit. I would say the majority of the business is locals who take their coffee to go, and it has that comfortable vibe of a neighborhood coffee shop where the staff joke with each other and know the people who stop in.

Rival Bros in general is one of my approved places to get a cappuccino. Their food is excellent as well, though it's mostly pastries and a few "toasts" and the lunch selection is limited to a Cuban sandwich. Also recommended as a treat: the decadent ice-cream-topped affogato. They have Weckerley's ice cream sandwiches, too, come to think of it. This location is weirdly well equipped with ice cream.
Situated in the quaint neighborhood of Fitler Square, Rival Bros Coffee is a cozy coffee shop that's great to catch up with friends or read a book. I would not recommend for studying though.

I ordered their Americano and found it quite smooth. My friend on the other hand ordered a hot latte and kept on emphasizing how it was one of the best lattes she's had in a while. The ambience inside is great too -- the couches are super comfy and just the right amount of dimness in a cafe that doesn't make you super sleepy.
This is one of my top 5 coffee places in Philadelphia. Since we are in a pandemic, we've always gotten our coffee to go. The coffee is delicious and they have not burned the milk once. Portions are well-appointed (not too big and not European-small. They also carry the most delicious chocolate croissants. My one note is that the people in the area aren't always accommodating or friendly, especially with parking being what it is, but the staff awesome is so it works out in the end.
Cold Brew Coffee Quest #11

With summer in full swing in Philly, my wife and I are determined to find the best Cold Brew Coffee that our city has to offer! No national chains allowed.

-Overall Score: 4.5 out of 5 
-Pros: Flavor of fermented peach, wave of refreshing citrus, and knowledgeable + friendly baristas
-Cons: Served in a plastic cup
-Beans Used: Whistle & Cuss
Love this coffee spot! Their coffee is delicious, everyone is super nice and friendly. Just an overall great neighborhood spot!
I was excited to try the new coffee shop in my neighborhood. But I was so disappointed when I saw the '50 cents extra for soy milk' on the menu. Maybe ten years ago I would understand that charge but non-dairy milk is pretty mainstream and it's not like soy milk is expensive. The staff is friendly, the look is cool, and the coffee is fine, but as a vegan, I'd rather support a coffee shop that doesn't charge extra for soy milk.
I live in West Philly, but whenever I can I will walk to Rival Bros for my decaf latte with almond milk. Whether iced or hot Rival knows how to make this drink right. I always complain how I cannot find a good cup of latte across the river in the West Philly side. Don't misunderstand me, there are enough cafes, but somehow a lot of the coffee based drinks are either too strong or too weak. 
Rival Bros seem to get the flavour just right. The service has been good and steady during this pandemic, and the place is always clean. It gets A+ on my cafe list!
Not going to get your favorite non-coffee options here (matcha, chai) but the coffee is damn good. A great, strong, brew to keep me up all day. Also a great study spot, with both indoor and outdoor seating options, in a quiet part of the rittenhouse/grad hospital boundary. They need to get a little more adventurous with the drinks, but I'll still be back!
