I am a person of Jamaican descent and sometimes you can get good Jamaican food OUTSIDE of your own home. Not in this review. Ron's is cafeteria Jamaican food at best. Everything was super SALTY! I per chased ox tails, curried goat, and jerk chicken. PROS-OX TAILS were tender. CONS-they were very small. The very end of the tail. salty and the gravy tasted like a doctored version of the real thing. The best gravy however of the three. PROS- GOAT was tender. CONS- goat was SALTY. No other veggies in the pot. If they added a carrot or some potatoes it would have helped with the saltiness. Would have been the best gravy if it was not so salty and inedible. I threw it away. PROS- JERK CHICKEN was a good serving size. CONS-Not enough jerk flavor. They need to marinate the chicken in the jerk sauce. It was just plain bland. The worse part is they added some cheap barbeque sauce on the chicken and called it jerk sauce. HORRIBLE! Ruined the entire meal! If you get the jerk chicken DO NOT get the sauce! Cabbage was BLAND! Beans and rice a big disappointment. A poorly made version with poor ingredients. Tasted like minute rice. The give you a lot of rice and beans especially in the extra large serving of ox tails. The meat to rice ratio was just unfair. I felt cheated. I will not recommend!

 There was a short wait considering the place was crowded. It looked like organized chaos. The servers were clean, in uniform and their heads were netted. GOOD. They were pleasant also because the masses were kind of difficult. The cooks were dressed in chef whites. Nice touch. Well stocked variety of drinks and desserts. Very clean.  I left thinking I have found my new Jamaican cuisine home. NOT!  THE FOOD WAS JUST BAD. REALLY BAD! BAD!
Tasty, authentic Jamaican food. They are definitely making a killing during the pandemic. Apparently demand has always been high, but the wait right now is insane. You can only call in your order, but it seems they only have one line. It's nearly impossible to get through. After trying for an hour, I decided to just head over. Sure enough there was a line outside so I thought "Great!! I can order at the window!!" Nope! You still have to call it in. Luckily the guy behind me eventually got through and offered me the opportunity to put in my order as well. A lot of people standing on line were also having issues with getting their calls answered. The guy at the window advised them to "keep trying". Certainly frustrating to see patrons roll up after you but manage to get their call in ahead of you. From the moment I got there to the time I left was just under an hour. Not in a rush to do that again any time soon. Ron's needs a smoother system of taking orders.
Ron's has good Jamaican food. I have been here many times but I never thought about doing a review because The spot is always crowded and I thought everyone knew about it.  When you enter the restaurant the food is situated at the back of the restaurant is warming trays. However you don't get to see the food right away because there is always a long line. The line moves rather quickly and before you know it you are in the food area.
 You get a look at all that colorful Jamaican food laid out before you. There's a jerk chicken, red snapper, curry goat curry chicken and curry shrimp, brown stew, peas and rice cabbage and all types of vegetables, everything so fresh and so colorful as so fragrant. 
 You want to buy everything, but as usual I go directly to my favorite Jamaican dish-Oxtails with peas & rice,  sauteed.cabbage and a piece of festival bread. So ono!  I wanted to give them a 5 stars but the staff has no patience and no humor.
I guess it would be necessary to state that I am of Jamaican descent, and as many of us know it is very hard to find food comparable to back home or equivalent to mom's cooking. Its been some time since I have frequented this restaurant, I stopped going for sometime because the food became very inconsistent.

Fast forward to today, i decided to stop by since some years had passed.  I ordered the ox tail and jerk chicken wings...  I just have to say that i was VERY disappointed. The oxtail though tender was very small and full of fat... more fat than meat and small portions at that...the rice was stale.  But what was really disappointing was the jerk wings.. I took one bite and ended up spitting out the chicken..  I just couldn't believe that an establishment would serve this....i assume no one in the kitchen samples the food before it comes out... they just cant... there is no way someone could think its okay to serve such dry tasteless food.  I was right to stay away for years, and i will be doing so again...
I've been here about 4 times and the food and portion size are amazing. It's 4 stars from that alone but the last time I was here there was a huge cockroach on the ceiling, the kind that can fly, and that's not even the reason for the two stars because I can understand a restaurant like that having roaches but the employee picked up a broom, knocked it down while people were standing directly under it and yelled stomp. There was also a homeless lady there on 3 out of the 4 visits who pesters you in line and will put her hands on you asking for food or money.
This is a real comfort meal kind of place. We were on a Caribbean/Jamaican cuisine crave so this was truly a happy find. The interior was just remodeled so it's a lot newer than most take out spots. You immediately see those beautiful fried fish and jerk wings on display as you approach the counter. The other side of the counter is where all the sides are. 

The ordering system is set up much like Boston market. You pick your protein and your sides. We got oxtails and stewed chicken, both with rice and beans and the sides were cabbage, okra and fried plantain.  The oxtails were good and clean in flavors, it wasn't oily, which is rare for this dish. It didn't exactly pop however, it was mild. The oxtails themselves were very tender. The chicken fell into the same category, food but missing something. The plantain were good, again, not oily. The okra is probably the only thing that was pretty generic, it was simply boiled.

We also ordered a side of fried fish. It was only $2 extra and it ate like a meal. The dish was very large and fried to a perfect crisp. The flavor was kind of flat however, I don't think they seasoned the flour enough. Over all though, it was a solid experience. Huge portions, friendly service, simple and easy to order menu. I wouldn't go here for special occasions but I would definitely stop by for casual lunches with friends, the place makes you feel really good!
The food here is so good. I get the oxtail everytime. It's reasonably priced and has a favorable ratio of oxtail to bone. The portions are generous and the food is consistently good. The service is pretty typical for a Caribbean restaurant. Not very warm and friendly but they got the job done.

Only big complaint is the long wait. You literally have to wait in line for 30 minutes to get your food. You can't order delivery or takeout so there's no way to get around this. No clue why it takes so long given that most people are probably getting oxtail or jerk chicken with rice and peas and cabbage. You'd think they would just cook more at a time to accommodate the long lines but no. Also, the area where this restaurant is located isn't the nicest.

Good food, though, so definitely worth it!
Underwhelmed and Overrated

Decided to stop in here after being stopped by a patron raving about their food. I was originally only going to the Halal meat store next door, but decided to give this place a try.
The lady stated the place was very clean, and she was so surprised at how empty the place was because normally they are packed full.

What did I order....
Grilled salmon with rice and peas, and mac n cheese.

Now I won't lie...the food had the car smelling delicious....but that's as far as delicious went. 

So, you know how markets will sell marinated/pre-seasoned meat to cover up the fact that the meat is starting to go bad? Well the salmon tasted like they kept is a week too long. It had a weird taste to it. And it wasn't like it was a spice I wasn't used to eating...this was a taste of old fish that had been cooked and lightly seasoned. (P.S. I was a pescatarian for 10 yrs...I know what old fish taste like) Between the one bite I ate and the one bite my mother ate, just to make sure it was just me who thought it was bad, 4/5 of the salmon filet was trashed.
The mac and cheese looked so unappealing. It was dry and waaaaaaay overcooked. Same deal...one bite from me and one from my mother....the rest was trashed. 
Now, the rice and peas was better. And this was simply because the oxtail gravy that was put on top was very very good!! Once I ate through the "layer" of rice and peas with the gravy, the rest went back to being unappealing....and in the trash it went!!

So overall, I wouldn't go back...unless it was to buy a bottle of ginger beer. I love Ginger Beer!!
Grabbed some Togo during coronavirus while visiting a friend in Philly food was delicious. I had to call to place the order had to call a few times before they picked up but worth the wait
The phone service (for advance orders) & overall service has improved drastically based on recent visits, especially in terms of the wait times (no unnecessary long holds on the phone & slow lines). I even had multiple employees along with the owner asking if I received help after I already received assistance & was really impressed. Everytime the owner is there, he is always friendly, helpful & hands-on which is a great approach. The food is always delicious, hot & fresh..definitely worth the money & worth checking out!
I love Ron's..

Their food is delicious... 

I advise please dont come here on a short temper because the staff can be very rude...

My favorites are the stew chicken, curry shrimp, and jerk wings....
No other Caribbean place has my heart like Ron's. All though the line is usually out the door' it's worth the wait. 

Parking: Street parking. Meter. 

Service: the Servers are very tentative and accommodating. They make sure your special request are met: extra this or don't let this touch......

Atmosphere: Ron's expanded the sitting area and added air conditioning. Glad to see the expansion.  There are about 4 to 5 servers, so although the line is long, it goes pretty fast. 

There are many things to order from from Chicken to beef to seafood. I've never ordered anything from Ron's that I didn't like. I ordered for the first time the fried fish and omg!! Crispy and delicious!!! Fresh! I also ordered the green beans which were cooked just right! The mac & cheese was amazing. I ordered the plantains as a side and they were nice and sweet. 

Overall it's tasty Mon!!

Enjoy!
Ron's is soo good. Such reasonable prices for their options. This past trip I got the fish platter that came with two sides the cabbage and rice and beans. The fish is the best thing they sell is it perfectly seasoned and fried to perfection. They sell it individually or in a platter. I also got the BBQ wings, I do with they were cooked a little harder, but that's a personal preference so I wont complain much about that. The sauce was really good and the wings were covered in sauce which was nice since some places are extremely skimpy on the sauce. It is in a super busy area with businesses up and down the street and parking is pretty bad so be prepared to park on a side street or circle the block a few time or if you want to test your chances with PPA you can illegally park. 

During COVID they do have signs that promote social distancing but most people in line don't really adhere to it. I would just suggest they have someone out there directing patrons on where to stand and the line is always long. 

You do have to call ahead right now to get your food and you cannot order at the window. This process was very easy and I had no difficulties. They even asked how far away I was when I ordered so that my food would be freshly prepared and packaged and not sitting there which I appreciated. 

Overall I think everyone should try this place and give the fish a try.
While in Philly on business a local friend  recommended Ron's because they know I love authentic Jamaican food.  Since he swore by it I had to try it out.  I ordered a chicken patty, fried fish with rice and peas with fried plantains and a curry chicken roti.  Everything was delicious and the price was right.  Most places don't have roti and always sell out of patties early.  Ron's still had both.  You could tell by the line of regulars Ron's is the truth.  Go check it out.
Can I say oxtails! I never had oxtails
before Ron's and I must say I was impressed and they give large portions!
Ron's was good. The line leading into the dinning room and ordering counter told me so. They are the hot spot at B&O. The Ox Tails were really good. Serving sizes suggest that you can have leftovers for dinner. If you can stand to not be greedy and eat it all as soon as you get into it. Which is very difficult. They have all the other delicacies of Jamaican food. Jerk this, Ackee Fish that, Curry goat, Plantains, Rice-n-Peas, cabbage, Beef Patties, Carrot Cake. Really you should just go down and get some of their great food for yourself . It's worth it.
I think Ron's is the Best Caribbean in Philly. 
I've been to 90% of the others, skipping the really dirty looking ones. 

It is always at least 15 people in line though. 
I hate that. Open up another store. 
Food is fresh. It has to be to feed the constant barrage of customers.
I spend atleast $100 when I travel from out of state to eat this Amazing food. Plus they have very good roti. All their food is bangin! If you haven't been yet you need to go right now. Beware there usually is a long line but it's worth it
I heard about this place from a couple of people. Needless to say, I had to try it. We placed 7 meal orders for pick up and it came out to less than $100. On top of that, the portions were large and absolutely delicious. And this is coming from my discerning Jamaican family. We had goat roti, curry shrimp, curry goat, stew chicken, oxtail, jerk chicken, and brown stew red snapper. My mother compared the Red snapper to one she had at the seaside in Jamaica. It was super fresh and tasty! The only thing I found fault with was the jerk sauce on the side. It needs to be tweaked, but that won't stop me. I've been looking forward to the next trip ever since.
I liked their food back in the day I'm not sure what happened. I came in last week 40 mins before closing. I had a small oxtail platter with rice and peas. The only sides left were string beans, mac and cheese and yams. I chose yams which were an additional $1.50. The oxtails were very fatty and i know it was a small platter but I literally had a large spoonful of oxtail and all rice and gravy. I was so dissatisfied with the taste I threw the entire platter away, waste of $12
Ron's is the truth. You've got to get their basa. Omg, to die for.
They've got different types of gravies. I was impressed with that. 
I usually get beef patties when I go to Caribbean spots. Once they were out so I decided to get a chicken patty and it was off da chain.
I will go here anytime and I recommend everyone check them out!
This place is amazing! Such a hidden gem. My fave is the curry shrimp platter; it's huge and you get two sides included for $12, which to me is an excellent price. The fish platter and salmon platter are also great; ask for the fish gravy, yum! 

One tip: there is ALWAYS a line practically to the door so expect to be waiting in line for at least 15 minutes; plan accordingly because it is SO worth the wait!
Was in Philly and saw this small spot, and decided to try it. Jerk chicken was great, but expect atleast a 15 minute wait
This was the worst !!!!! There was a long line don't know why!!!!!....sorry guys Ron is not even close to the real thing....u better off going to Golden Crust....
Update:  I have been to Ron's several times since my initial post.  As stated before, the chicken is good, although it is more grilled chicken rather than jerk.  Jerk chicken has a little spicy flavor that is marinaded over some time, which Ron's does not.  It is simply tasty grilled chicken.  I always order my chicken with no sauce and I have noticed that most people order with no sauce as well.  The sauce is BBQ sauce! Still, their veggies are good and hubby likes the ox tails a lot.  I would love to see Ron implement a real jerk sauce.
I have patronized this establishment four or five times over the past couple of months.  My first visit I enjoyed the jerk chicken, but HATED their so called jerk sauce.  Not a problem, I just ask for no sauce.  The sauce is more like a bland, tasteless BBQ sauce, not at all like the consistency of true jerk sauce.  However the chicken was good as was the vegetable medley - that was when I got my food early in the evening.  The cabbage was also very tasteless, not at all like true Caribbean food.  However, it was not so bad that I could not work with the product until today!  

I typically pick up my food by 6pm after getting off work and have never had a complaint that encouraged me to post a review on Yelp.   Tonight I  worked late and did not have time to cook and did not want a fast food dinner, so Ron's came to mind.  Bad mistake!!!!  The platter was comprised of bits and pieces of what should have been a breast, wing, etc.  What really got my blood boiling was the so called vegetable medley.  It was obvious that the medley got low by the time I ordered so they dumped a bag of carrots in the pot.  Not at all what I got the last time because I can not eat carrots.  Secondly, the fragments of chicken was overlooked / dried out.  And what made the bird twice as bad was the fact that they nilly willy slathered that so called jerk sauce over the chicken AND the veggies.  Hubby wanted to take it back, but I convinced him that it was not worth going back out at that time of the evening.  I know.... That is what a lot of businesses count on.  

In summary, I have enjoyed a few platters from Ron's.  However, if you like the true Jerk sauce, a) order early and b) request no sauce and put your own sauce on at home.
I have heard about Ron's for years so decided to go today for lunch since I was in the area.  I got there around 1:30, I was shocked to see a line.  After about 15 minutes it was my turn to be waited on. The young ladt was very courteous. I ordered oxtails with rice and cabbage, DELICIOUS!!!. 
The portions were huge and the prices are great.  I saw all the various platters being made, yummy and big. I can't wait to try there fish. Worth the wait!
The BEST Jamaican spot in Philly. The food reminds me of my mom's cooking. However it sucks that every time I visit Philly there is a long line and COVID doesn't make it any better. Don't sleep on this place. The Mac & Cheese with the oxtails is to die for. The jerk chicken scrumptious and the beef patties melt in your mouth. Way better than Jamaican D's
This place is all the way up!!!!  If you are looking for authentic, Caribbean, Island, Jamaican food, look no further, this place is it.
When I got here around lunch time, the line was pretty long but moved fairly quickly. The workers here are really nice, they really tried to explain the dishes to you and how everything works. After dishing your food they make sure to show it to you to make sure it is to your liking. I got ox tail with a side of rice and beans, and mac & cheese. I will say it is a little bit pricey for a Caribbean place, however it is nicer than most that I've been to and they're not stingy with the portions. The ox tail was really well flavored and fell right off the bone. The mac & cheese was just okay. Their beef patty is good too. I would come back though, maybe to try their jerk chicken or some of their other raved about meat dishes.
Best Jamaican food in Philly.The jerk chicken is so moist and delicious it also has a great smokey flavor. The curry shrimp is a treat, not only are the shrimp big they are beautiful. The golden color of the curry sauce is mouthwatering.

The fried fish is perfectly cookef and flaky no hot sauce needed. The sides are all good. I just love this place.

It gets packed quickly so don't be surprised if the lines at the door.
So decided to try this place out bec a fellow classmate who lives in Philly said I had to try it....I was not disappointed at all.  Everything was authentic. The ox tails soooo good.  Jerk on point. And the 1st time I've had pepper steak yeah it was amazing.  Yes the long is line but it goes fast and the food is worth it. We just talked to the folks in line!
Best Caribbean food in Philly hand down and I've tried them all, jerk chicken is hands down the thing to get.  The fried fish (basa) is a must try (it goes quick).  Mac and cheese rice and beans and cabbage are all on point.
I've visited Ron's over the years and one thing has remained consistent: the food is great. No matter what you get you'll be happy.
Same can't be said about the time it takes to get your food. At first glance you might think the long lines you'll most likely encounter are due to the volume of business, owing to lots of people coming to get the great food. While standing in line you'll come to realize the lines are because the design of the traffic flow is horrific and waiting on each customer is a painfully slow process.  The redesign of the restaurant has made it worse which is the main reason there's always a line of faithful, patient customers.  
The new monitors that display the menu are pretty, but kind of far away from where you're standing in line so if you need glasses for distance don't forget to bring them. And frustratingly, once you've squinted enough to get a read on something, the screen "refreshes"; starts spinning around and a new image appears.  Because they don't have any written menus available to read while waiting in line, when you finally are served, you're faced with a lot of good food but uncertain of what goes together in the small or large dinner dishes, or the platter.  There's so many offerings you feel a bit silly asking the clerk to run down all that there is and end up just ordering anything so as not to aggravate the people waiting behind you.  The stations where you go for service don't make any sense and don't appear to have resulted from any meaningful planning; you can't see the full selection of offerings from most of them, so again, ordering is  guessing game.  My guess is most of the customers are regulars who end up ordering the same thing over and over without needing to see a menu.  The occasional or new customer will most likely be aggravated by the wait and the inability to figure out what's included with the combinations of offerings, or even what the sides are.  But the food is delicious!
I ordered salmon, peas and rice and cabbage today. I've always been a fan of Ron's but haven't been there in years since I've moved.  I was very disappointed in the seasonings and flavors of the food.  I was used to the food at Ron's being seasoned well with all of the authentic Jamaican spices and flavors.  What I received today was a watered down version of Jamaican cuisine.  The salmon portion was huge but lacked flavor.  The rice was bland and the cabbage tasted waterlogged.  I was beyond disappointed.  The best thing about my meal was the prepackaged cornbread.  I don't know if they reduced their seasonings to appeal to a broader base or if the cook was inexperienced but when people order Jamaican food they want all the flavors and spices that come along with it.
jerk chicken platter is huge! the prices may seem a bit more than you would want for the neighborhood, however you're guaranteed to get 2 meals out of the deal (big serving of chicken and 2 choice sides). the mac n cheese was pretty good, cant complain about the rice and beans either. give it a try if you're in the area.
Try the fish with the rice & beans with fish gravy...YUM!!! Everything that I tasted from here was very good
its good food, not authentic jamaican food-- (= big portions
Food is always delicious each and everytime. The oxtail, and jerk are amazing. Still havent tried the curry goat or chicken but will do soon. Thurs - Sat the lines are long and sometimes out the door/corner after 6pm but worth the wait. They also have all kinds of sodas that are hard to find. Will be back.
Ron's is a great place for Caribbean style cuisine! Their food is to die for! I normally get the ox tails with mac & cheese and their sweet potatoes (yams) are wonderful!
i.e: you now have to pay $1.00 extra for the yams but they are worth the price believe me! They are yum & melt in your mouth.
I would recommend this place to anyone. Ron's is located right on Broad Street so it is easy to find and get to from anywhere in the city. The trip to this place is worth the commute.

Pros: Wonderful food!
Cons: Be wary of the staff, most just take your order & they lack friendly customer service. Don't worry though, you won't have to put up with their behavior for long, it is a take-out place so it won't take more than 5-10min to receive your food & you are good to go!
I always buy food here. The food is good the service could be better they always seem to be rude or have attitudes. Other than that it a good place to good Jamaican food.
Chicken feet soup on Monday is amazing - always with a rich layer of yellow chicken fat on top, just the right amount of spiciness.  Love it.  Friday's fish soup is also wonderful.
One of my favorite Jamaican spots here in Philly. Their Pepper steak is to DIE for! I love coming here because it's not only affordable but they bless your platter with plenty of food. I can say at time the steak can be though but usually it's perfect. Their cabbage is very flavorful and fresh. I love their Mac and cheese and their rice and beans are amazing. They add to your experience with amazing customer service as well. It's definitely worth it ! 

Now since it's a hot spot there can be a wait but it's WORTH IT! So don't let that stop you.
DEFINITELY OVER RATED!!! Never really cared for their food. Definitely far from authentic Jamaican food. Ordered oxtails extremely tough needed a knife to get meet off of the bones. The meat is supposed to come off  the bone with ease by merely lightly sucking on it. Won't be going back there for a meal. Maybe a patty or quick wings. 

Service was cool. They were moving rapidly!!
PEACE
I try to eat here every time I'm in Philly because it is some of the best Caribbean food I've ever had.

I pretty much get the same thing every time (jerk chicken with cabbage, peas and rice and plantains), but EVERYTHING they serve is good, from the basa fish to the brown stew chicken to the oxtails to the... well, you get the picture. 

And the price-to-portion-size ratio is awesome.
For eight bucks I get a Styrofoam container with the meal I mentioned earlier that is so full it will barely close.  
The young lady who prepared our order on my most recent visit had to force the boxes closed and double bag them just so we could get them home without them bursting open.  And we ordered the SMALL portions.

Now, as with any restaurant with good food it goes without saying that word travels.  As a result this place is always packed. ALWAYS. 
The line remains at two lengths: at the door or out the door.  So if you're impatient or adhering to the "fast food" mentality when it comes to restaurants, you may want to go elsewhere. 

But if you are willing to wait, it's oh so worth it.
You can smell the deliciousness in the air as you approach Ron's Caribbean cuisine.Their platters are huge! I felt like I was in an episode of Man vs food.The chicken curry is slammin!
My favorite Jamaican spot! I usually get the pepper steak with white rice, yams, veggies and cabbage and it's good every time. My husband gets the curry chicken, yams and rice and peas & loves it as well.
I heard so much about this place for years. I decided to take the ride from Jersey. Once I got there I tried to use the bathroom and they didn't have one. The line is long but it moves fast. Overall the food was ok. I expected the food to be amazing and I was disappointed.
Good... LOTS of food. And very SPICY. I'm from out out town, but I did enjoy my curry goat and daughter loved her oxtails.
Ran here for a quick bite &...it did its job. This isn't a place for ambiance & making it special. Ya wan fi eet, ya go n eet. Tiny place that you'd primarily do takeout for, but there are some tables to sit down & enjoy your food. A beef pattie is easier to screw up than it is to master, & they impressed. Not a great looking place or anything, some of the food looked greasy. That said though, it's promising for a good quick meal if you can ask the friendly-enough (not to be confused with friendly) servers to give you the pieces you want. Why not, give it a shot.
I have been a patron of Ron's since I was a teenager. However, after my last two encounters I am not sure I will be returning. The food is always great, but there seems to be a new manager, Lou, there who has no customer service skills. The first time I realized there was someone new there was when I phoned in an order and the man on the telephone was extremely rude. I brushed it off and figured someone was having a bad day. Yesterday, I called in my order and did not have a problem until I arrived. Lou told me they did not have an order for me. I explained that I called and he should check with the employees. He just gave me a look as if I were not telling the truth. I asked if he wanted to see the call log on my phone. He then accused me of yelling, which was far from the truth. I explained the music is loud in there so I wanted to make sure he could hear me. He eventually found my order. An employee wrote Ce Ce instead of Stacey. She probably could not hear me when I called in because of the loud music. I did not receive so much as an apology or anything. He just went to the
back of the restaurant. 

I understand that mistakes happen but Lou should have investigated a little more before alluding to there not being an order for me. In addition, he does not seem to have the patience necessary to deal with a high paced restaurant such as Ron's. Each time I placed an order and came across Lou, I felt like I was not a respected customer. Unfortunately, I would rather travel a little further to Jamaica D's or Moonlight Cuisine for Caribbean food rather than to deal with rude employees.
This place is too overrated. The service is not good and their food compared to other places suck. I went here only 2 times and the second visit is my last. My first visit I had jerk chicken steam cabbage and rice and beans. The cabbage and rice and beans was very good but the chicken was alittle dry and the chicken was not fully covered with the sauce but I manage to finished it. My second visit was today and let me tell you something it wasn't pleasing. I ordered curry chicken with rice and beans cabbage and mac and cheese. It smelled good and I thought it was going to be a moment I will not forget but the taste was very salty the mac and cheese tasted like plastic but the rice and beans and mac and cabbage was good. I'm not coming here anymore I rather have Jamaican des with better food and better customization.
Some of the best Caribbean food I have ever had. The portions are generous, service is great and the food is delicious. Our server made each plate and showed them to me to make sure I was satisfied with the meals before giving them to me. If you are looking for a place that serves great food at reasonable priced this is it. It is real gem that gets an incredible amount of business.
The only place to get oxtails in this area! South jersey has a limited number of Jamaican restaurants none of which I would order oxtails ft so it's over the bridge we go!
Great food but very slow service. It's a pick up joint, so you serve yourself. That being said, it probably takes 15 minutes to get through the line (worth it) and another 15 for the staff to bag the food, no hyperbole there. 

Curry chicken does not taste authentic, their roti skins are not my favorite, and they don't have greens. But everything else I've had over the 20+ time I've been there is really really good.
I absolutely love this place. I travel all the way from New Jersey for Ron's. They are the best Jamaican food I have ever tasted in a while and you can't beat their pricing! The only thing that needs improvement would be the staff. SOME of the staff can tend to be a bit rude but I can understand a little, they're dealing with hungry customers all day. But other than that, Ron's is the place to get the best food!
Always, Always LOVE this place! 

Ron's has serviced this community for years, and in a world of processed, microwaved entrees, Ron's staff actually COOKS REAL FOOD. 

From Basa fish, Red Snapper, plantains, cabbage, peas and rice, jerk Salmon, jerk chicken, curry everything...you can't go wrong! NEVER have I ordered anything that I didn't like!
If you live in Philly and love Caribbean cuisine, go to Ron's. Period. My friend who's lived in the area highly recommends this place and it didn't take any convincing for her to take me there when were in town. Caribbean spots can be hit or miss regardless of the city but I had high hopes since my friend raved about this place so much. She was not wrong whatsoever. Parking is tight where the restaurant is located but they do offer pickup just in case you need to double park and run in lol. There was a small line when we stopped by but the wait was not long. I went with a small order of chicken curry with cabbage and white rice. Portion size was definitely on point considering the price and the aroma was amazing. I also got a beef patty as well which was hot and delicious. The curry met my expectations and I was able to break that bad boy down into 3 separate meals lol. I will definitely be back to visit next time I'm in the city!
Very satisfying! The rice&peas are some of the best I've had. I think the sides could be a bit better (I wasn't a huge fan of the yams or cabbage). Overall this place isn't bad, but there are a few Jamaican restaurants in the area that I'd suggest over this place.
i just grabbed some jerk wings they were the worst wings i ever tatsed never again they was not hot and they were chewy
