Rosario's makes me envious!! I would love to have a pizzeria like this place where I live. 
Although I've only been here one time, I can say that I took home a memorable meal. Several Mexican pizzas are made here. The one I got I can't remember the name of. But it was a much needed change from the norm. I also bought empenadas, a Mexican chicken cheesesteak, and churros. 
I called my order in and they gave me a call as I was finding a parking spot to tell me my order was ready... Because of the pandemic, the interaction was brief. But it was pleasant and much appreciated. 
Please open a shop in Woodbury NJ!!
You'll be the most famous pizza shop here...
This is definitely not your typical Pizzeria. When I heard about this place, I heard they had Mexican pizza. I thought it would be pizza with some hot sauce or guacamole filled crust or something. The pizza here is like nothing else you have ever had. It is different and it is GOOD !  We ordered thre different types of pizza. My favorite of the the three was the Poblano Pizza which came with a black bean puree, Mozzarella, Chorizo, Roasted corn kernels & Poblano peppers, it was out of this world. We also had a pizza al pastor which was equally delicious and I cant forget about the Authentic Chicken Mole they were all absolutely delicious. We also split a Mex cheesesteak and a Chipotle cheesesteak they were really tasty and fulfilling. The Churros were for dessert and they were so Fresh and delicious. 
The staff was very friendly and professional and so helpful. I would absolutely recommend this place to anyone looking for something out of the ordinary in a Pizza. We can not wait to go back to try all of their other pies.
Only got a picture of the chicken salad hoagie because I ate my burrito so quickly, but wow! Amazing quality, taste, and portions. While I hear the pizza is great there, the chicken mole burrito really blew me away, and the chicken salad hoagie was stacked and filling, super creamy.

Seems as though this place has delivery figured out perfectly, and I'm happy to get to try everything on the menu soon enough!
Welp. It did not take me long to get back over here. I demanded this after running the Broad St. race earlier. Delivery was quite easy and straight forward. This time we had to get the mega fries and the al pastor pizza. This was just, yes. Guajillo pepper sauce and mozzarella cheese topped with marinated pork in a mild chili sauce, chunks of pineapple, chopped fresh onions and cilantro? Umm, yeah I'll do mexican style pizza. The side red and green (tomatillo) sauce paired well with the pizza as well. As for the mega fries? Mozza, whiz and bacon made this side, a full on meal. All I have to say is my stomach was more sore the next morning than my legs.
I never Yelp but in this instance I am. I have ordered food from here for 3 years, I tend to be loyal especially to small businesses. However, tonight my daughter and I fell asleep and woke up late with a pizza craving.  We ordered from rosarios and the pizza was never delivered. I did have multiple missed calls because I don't tend to pay attention to my phone. Rosarios had tried to deliver...to the wrong address. 3 years of ordering and they confused my address but blamed me. Asked if I still wanted the pizza and they would reheat it. I told them I didn't want to pay $20 for an hour old reheated pizza. They were incredibly rude on the phone. It costs you less than a dollar to make a pizza but you chose that over keeping a regular...plus I listened to my 3 year old cry because the pizza never came. Thanks rosarios. I'll go to santuccis instead. P.s. your quesidillas are greasy
Pizza and Mexican in the same joint? Heck yeah! 

My husband and I opted for tacos and a burrito.  My carnitas tacos came as a set of 3 and were filling enough for lunch.  I would've liked a bit more flavor though.

For my husband, the steak burrito was authentic in that he had never tasted anything like it.  I took a bite and agreed - 5 stars for the burrito!

Pico de gallo is tasty and I recommend, especially if it's a warm day, because nothing says "summer" like some pico.

We can't wait to go back and try the pizza - the menu boasts some mouth-watering concoctions.
Our friends moved into an apt. on 16th and Wharton over the summer and Rosario's has become a staple for take out in our group. Rosario's will even deliver to our place in Passyunk Square East! All their food is amazing - I personally love the taco pizza (the best of BOTH worlds if you ask me) and their wings are solid too. 
Delivery times have always been quick for us and the food is dropped off piping hot. One of our best experiences was on a football sunday and we ordered $50 worth of wings and pizza. It was enough to satisfy 8 of us!
Love this place! The tacos are not as good as say, Veracruzana, but definitely decent and the variety on the menu is outstanding. Totally obsessed with their fried oysters - light and crispy and flavorful - I could eat them day and night.
Wow.  The La Mexicana pizza was the best Mexican-themed pizza I've had short of my own creations.  :)  Poblano chili peppers, chorizo, roasted corn, avocado and cheese made this spicy and flavorful.  Crust was medium-thin, though could have been a bit crisper... The regular cheese pizza we had was also good but I have a feeling the specialty lies in the Mexican variations they offer.  I would love to try the Chicken Mole one next, and some of their tacos/burritos.
I get delivery from Rosario's frequently and it's always been pretty good.  They've always been on time or early. They have some good pizzas with interesting flavor combinations.  I recommend trying their Mexican-style pizzas which are a pretty good alternative to the pizzas you normally get at a pizza shop.  I'd say stick with the pizzas and Mexican options, as their fried side items seem to be generally of frozen lower quality.
I was introduced to Rosario's by my oldest son over a year ago when the two of us were painting the new house he bought in Newbold. He picked up some Tacos for us, and they were great - flavorful, generously filled, and wrapped with light and flavorful soft corn tortillas.

We ate there many times, enjoying pizza (yes, great pizza from a Mexican restaurant!), quesadillas, chicken mole burritos (outstanding), pastor burritos, and many other items. The carnitas they use to fill tacos, burritos, etc., is very delicious.

Everything is fresh and flavorful, and they deliver locally. You can also order ahead online and just stop in to pick it up without waiting.

Highly recommended.
Although I've had plenty of reasons to write reviews in the past, both good and bad. This is my first review ever.

I was sooo satisfied with Roario's service that I feel I owe it to them to spread the word. They have the best fried oysters in Philly. I absolutely love fried oysters and have tried several places and Rosario's is the best hands down. Fresh and delicious! 5 Star cuisine meets take out.

Rosario's authentic Mexican food is delicious but don't sleep on their seafood. The calamari is prepared in a special way and I'm pretty sure I know their secret. I ordered from this restaurant via GrubHub and I am unable to give a review via the GrubHub app...A shame because everyone should know that this place has the best fried oysters in Philly! I feel like I found a hidden gem and my nachos were good as well.
They take credit cards. And they deliver. They're open late. The food is banging. Great wings. That you for making my life a little better, Rosario's.
Delicious!  Fresh ingredients in the Greek salad and tasty pizza, with a chipotle sauce, poblanos and shrimp, with pesto and grilled corn, yum.  Nice, well blended flavors.
the la mexicana is amazing!  how can you go wrong with a pizza covered in salsa verde, roasted corn, chorizo, cheese and avocado.  it is by far the best pizza ever, and that says a lot considering it's philly.  cheese fries are awesome and cheesy!   it is my pizza go to.
What a hidden gem this is. I saw a photo on Yelp of Rosario's Pizza al Pastor and knew immediately I had to have it. We ordered a medium to-go between two of us and it was plenty of food - this pizza is hefty so I could only handle 2 slices. It was about $20 and full of delicious ingredients: guajillo sauce, pork al pastor, fresh onions, cilantro and PINEAPPLE. Anyone who says pineapple doesn't belong on pizza is out of their minds. It was so good! I wish we had a bit more sauce on there or that we had eaten in since it was a good 20 min. drive to get that bad boy home, but I would definitely come back again.
Still giving 5 stars, because your girl LOVES Rosario's - my whole house of roommates does too, and orders religiously. 

But the last order I got this week was not the Rosario's I've raved about. My roommates have echoed the same, that's why I wanted to write this update. 

I'm sure your business has gotten positively rumbled by current events, which is why I'm keeping the stars at a solid 5, but hoping you see this!

I ordered the carnitas nachos. Now, I love carnitas because they are fatty - I expect it! But what came sprinkled over my nachos was half burnt, and half inedible crouton-sized fatty chunks. The cheese was burnt on the styrofoam. 

The new packaging left something to be desired too. I'm sure you're looking to save overhead, but the clean delivery of Rosario's was always a pleasant touch. I hope it will come back soon.

Again, small businesses are having the worst of times right now - but I would be remiss if I didn't mention that we've all seen the quality slipping. I don't want people ordering your food for the first time getting what we all got in my house. It isn't what we've come to expect. 

Love you guys!! Will order from you until the end of forever! Please consider this review a gentle nudge from an adoring customer. But I hope to see the Rosario's that I know and love come back strong.
I got the Mexican cheesesteak.  By the powers vested in me by the Philadelphia Inquirer suggesting I may be the authority on cheesesteaks, I declare  Rosario's Mexican Cheesesteak to be renamed to the Mexican 'party in your mouth' Cheesesteak.  The beautiful thing about this cheesesteak is that it has a whole lot of Mexican Fiesta going on but the Cheesesteak roots of meat and cheese do not get lost in all the festivities.  Very nice balance of ingredients.  The roll, unfortunately the roll was a whole different story.  I don't know if I want to kill the roll too badly considering what's going on and they're probably having a tough time ordering rolls since they don't know how many people will be ordering cheesesteaks.  So I gave the roll a few Corona sympathy points.  Very good Cheesesteak experience.
Mexican meets Italian.  Haven't had anything I didnt enjoy. I'd get it delivered or pick-up as they don't have a great dine in experience.
Let me start off with something short and sweet. This place not only had great pizza but their burritos are top notch. You wouldn't think that for a small corner shop in pointe breeze but let me give it to you straight. I love burritos. I go all over the place to get a good burrito. But the Pastor Burrito is hands down the best burrito I have had in my life. I had that for dinner last night and haven't been able to stop thinking about it. It was love at first bite. Don't let the location and menu deter you. This place is the bomb diggity.
My roommates and I love this place and order from them quite frequently. Their menu is amazing - you can't go wrong with whatever you choose to order. The burgers, pizza, salads, sandwiches- all have been ordered by people in my apartment and have been talked highly about. Their delivery is so quick, reasonable prices, nice staff.
This place is amazing.  Moving to South Philly recently I had been on the hunt for a great pizza place and I'm so glad I found one. Rosario's is awesome! My all time favorite pizza from Rosario's (and might be my all time favorite ever) is the La Mexicana pizza. Something about the chorizo, avocado, and corn combo has got me loving the pizza. What's better than combining Mexican food with pizza?! I would definitely recommend Rosario's to everyone in the area.
I've basically become a fan of Rosario's after two very good delivery experiences just recently. By recently I mean that we ordered from this place last week, two days in a row. Turned out the chance that we took on Rosario's was an excellent choice for getting some gluttony outta the way, before New Years, when we embark on yet another predictable cliched "we're trying to be healthy," farce that will inevitab...well anyway... Rosario's provided some good eatin. And they're open pretty late: Midnight most days, 1 AM Friday and Saturday. 

I knew that pizza was gonna be pretty tasty as soon as the box entered the room, I could tell by the smell, ya hear?  La Mexicana is as good as everybody has been saying. 

Of course mine is a voice that continually (and most likely irritatingly) cries out for a crispier crusts in our world, and so I'd love a much crispier crust here, but it didn't stop me from utterly enjoying this Mexican style pizza. Full of flavor, this pie: salsa verde, mozzarella, quality chorizo, roasted corn, poblanos, and avocado... 

We also sampled some tinga pizza, which was good too. A word about the tinga. It's different than other tingas in my life...the chicken is more diced than shreddy, and the chipotle-tomato sauce, to me, has something goin on there that tastes like a whisper of a hint of curry, maybe...and I like it. So, it was different in a good way. I liked it so much asked for it in my burrito the next day. Good burritos. Nachos too, I can tell you, I approve. Home made chips, topped with lots of grilled chicken, cheese, black beans, jalapenos, pico de gallo, a drizzle of crema. Nacho feast. 

Based on the foods that I just rambled about here, Rosario's has been immediately inducted into our take out menu folder of fame.
Amazing place. Try anything. Anything at all and I bet you'll like it. From traditional pizza shop favorites like mozzarella sticks to authentic Mexican staples like Chicken Mole, this place has you covered. Guacamole is to die for!
Everything I have had from them has been good. Open late, delivers and is available via grubhub - that's like the trifecta. I am really particular about wings, theirs are good! My favorite is the chicken burrito, I swear its a hangover deterrent when eaten after a happy hour that went way longer than it should have.
Delicious neighborhood Mexican. Great quesadillas and burritos. No five stars because the shrimp quesadilla coulda had a better quality of shrimp
They have the best mozzarella sticks  around. For "junk food" this place is kind of tops. They get it; there tag line should read "are you lonely looking for a job and like being in your underwear all day, then Rosario's is for you" It's perfect.
I don't love delivery. Before the pandemic, I'd almost always opt for the dine-in experience, even if I was eating alone. No shame.

But there's always been one exception: Rosario's! 

Not only is Rosario's insanely good (and fresh!), it always comes quickly, is hot, and is packaged thoughtfully. The delivery guys are always really friendly, too :-)

So where to start with the food? The roasted Rosario's wings have ruined any other wings for me - whenever my boyfriend and I order wings elsewhere, Rosarios' are the standard we compare them to. If you opt for the buffalo wings (as opposed to the roasted wings), and you like spicy, spring for the EXTRA spicy option. Holy! When we're feeling feisty we'll go for it: the sauce is so hot you'll practically hallucinate. 

The nachos are so coated in goodies you can barely see the chips... But when you do, you'll find the ingredients layered generously through them. 

And the pizzas! The al pastor pizza - covered in pork, pineapple, cilantro, and cheese - is really fun (though as my friend Rachel A. mentioned in her review, could always use more pineapple.) The La Mexicana pizza made me realize how severely overlooked avocado is as a pizza topping - a fat sliver on each slice is such a silky, refreshing complement to crispy pizza dough. 

Ugh. Hungry writing this now. Please - if you have a hankering for Mexican during the pandemic, give Rosario's a try. And try to schedule delivery if you can, because their hours are a bit splintered as they rush to accommodate all the orders. That's what happens when you churn out insanely good food! 

Check them out.
Rosario's is one of the two best pizza places in the city of Philadelphia. The other one is Cacia's in South Philly; they both specialize in different things, and they both hit the spot in very different ways. That said, gun to my head, last meal before execution, I'll take a pizza al pastor from Rosario's.

Rosario's was always the go-to for my gaming group's weekly session, and I always enjoyed it...until just now (and by "now" I mean two weeks ago, since I just tipsily remembered that Yelp is a thing) I hadn't had Rosario's since before COVID. Over the last few years, I've had almost their entire pizza menu; it's always good, but definitely spring for the Mexican-style ones; they're so good and interesting. My favorite is, as I've said, the pizza al pastor; when I end up getting anything else, I literally feel FOMO because even though it's good, I can't help but think "yeah, this is great, but I could be eating pizza al pastor."

Anyway, my wife and I treated ourselves to Rosario's after getting our first shot in center city; I called as we left the Vybe clinic, and the pizza was ready by the time we got there only 10-ish minutes later.

PIZZA. AL. PASTOR. My only regret was being a coward and thinking "I know I want an extra large, but if we get that we'll definitely eat the whole thing and then want to die." So we stupidly got a medium. The thing is, we were tortured by the heavenly scent of the pizza on the drive home, all the way back to Roxborough...and then we absolutely chugged it down. It was almost indescribably delicious. Go to Google, type in "excellent," and pick your own synonym; any one of them is necessary but still insufficient to encompass the glory of the pizza al pastor from Rosario's.   

In case I wasn't clear enough, I'll reiterate: pizza al pastor. Get the pizza al pastor. Just do it.
I find myself ordering here lots !!' I have my favorites as the pulled chicken salad, fish toco's, pizza is very good ,,
We dined here for the first time on Wednesday. It was shockingly clean for the neighborhood. We ordered a BBQ chicken pizza. The crust was an average thickness, the cheese was good and the chicken flavorful. The pizza could have used more BBQ sauce but it was still a great pizza. I can't wait to try one of their Mexican themed pizzas! The price was great for the quality of food as well!
Obviously mixing mexican food and pizza is a great idea, so let it be known that their food is delicious! The guacamole is one of the best I've had too. More seating would be better, but in the city everything is smaller so that's nothing to hold against them. Burritos are consistently great, if you're looking for a plain pie go somewhere else though, just pay the few dollars extra and get the Mexican pizza here - it's worth it.
I discovered Rosario's because of a menu left in my door. Mexican...Pizza? I was skeptical. But Yelp convinced me to try it. I like al pastor pork, and I like pizza, so I decided to see for myself what an al pastor pizza would taste like. While it didn't change my life forever, it was definitely a delicious treat I would have again.

Not much later, I was planning to go to PEP Bowl with a group of people and suggested we order our pizza from Rosario's, since they're so close to each other. Boyfriend and I shared a Hawaiian pizza, while our friends split other types of the non-Mexican pizzas. No one complained, and few left with leftovers, so I'm guessing everyone thought it was at least passable. Me, I thought it was by far one of the best pizzas I've had in Philly. 

I have not tried any of the Mexican food offerings, but someday I will.
I flip-flop between loving and hating the friend that pointed me in the direction of Rosario's on a day that I couldn't decide if I wanted al pastor tacos or a pizza.  "Why not have both?" she said and I told her that would make me a pig.....and then she told me to go to Rosario's on GrubHub.

I am forever changed.  It is a constant battle within myself not to spend $10 and get a small Mexican pizza that has turned ANY horrible day into the best day ever.

Guajillo Pepper Sauce, Mozzarella Topped with Marinated Pork in a Mild Chili Sauce With Chunks of Pineapple, Chopped Fresh Onions and Cilantro.  It's perfectly-sized for one person and is bursting with so much flavor that I always take my time on each slice, savoring every bit.  It's that good.  I will say that I'm not really a fan of the green or orange sauces that come with it -- they're too spicy for me, but are probably the cat's meow for anyone that doesn't have a wussy mouth.

As if the pizza itself isn't enough to make it worth it -- the delivery is always fast and friendly!  Unlike many other delivery places, the driver actually reads the notes of where you are on GrubHub and doesn't just call and grunt in the phone that he's there.  This is consistent both at my home (in Bella Vista) and my job (on Rittenhouse Square) and at all times of day.

I've only had the al pastor pizza and the mozzarella sticks (which were also perfect) and now that I live close enough to have this delivered, I will never have to think of where to order when I have company.  PROTIPS: There's a $15.00 minimum if you order through GrubHub but only a $10.00 minimum if you call them directly.  Delivery fees are the same.
We really enjoyed our food at Rosario's. We ordered the special wrap, Tijuana burger & 2 slices of pepperoni pizza. 

The ingredients in the wrap were so fresh, from the grilled chicken to the guacamole. The only thing I would say is to specify that you do not want peppers if you are not a fan of spicy foods. (Will be doing this next time.) The wrap itself was a soft and thin tortilla - really good!

The Tijuana burger was MASSIVE! The bacon was crisped to perfection and the kaiser roll was so fresh. The side of fries were also really addicting for some reason. They were a good soft to crispy ratio and salted to perfection. The guacamole on the burger definitely added a hint of Mexican flavor that we really enjoyed. 

The pizza was also good, can't go wrong with plain pepperoni. I think we made the mistake of sticking to the boring basics. Rosario's specializes in their Mexican pizzas, so we'll be sure to try one on our next visit, like the avocado topped pizza! 

Overall, the only thing that could've made our experience better was warning the restaurant we're not a fan of spicy foods so our meal could have been more mild. We'll be back to try out their Mexican pizzas and tacos! 

-@Coupleatss on Instagram
This place is the best!!!

I've only gotten delivery, and they seem to deliver all over Philly, which is awesome!
The menu is massive, but they really do an outstanding job.

Positives - I've had their steak nachos, authentic taco pizza, and a plain pie, and everything was pretty much amazing! 

The steak nachos were loaded with cheese, black beans, pico, guacamole, and sour cream! Everything was fresh and delicious. I could only finish about half and to wait a few more hours to finish it off!

The taco pizza was surprisingly really good. Normally, I don't like taco style pizzas that I've tried from other places, but it's a totally different story here! Again, the ingredients were fresh and tasty.

Negatives - Nothing. Even the prices are very reasonable!
Last night, I had a casual dinner party for 50, catered by Rosario's. We got trays of their chicken and primavera quesadillas and their chicken, vegetarian, and vegan burritos. The food arrived nicely displayed and abundant. In order to ensure it would be piping hot, they sent it in two separate deliveries. They also supplied large containers of hot and mild salsa (red and verde), sour cream, and queso fresca. For good measure, they also threw in a complimentary tray of chips and guacamole. 

The food was wonderful!  The ingredients were fresh, the seasoning was delicious, the portion sizes were large.  The primavera quesadillas were packed with mushrooms, spinach and cheese, and probably the biggest hit of the night. The chicken dishes were packed with chicken, not like some you get with a scant bit of chicken here or there.  The tortillas they used were sturdy enough to contain the ingredients without being thick or dry; they enhanced the food rather than being something you had to "get through."

The price was also very, very reasonable. I doubt I could have fed this number of people so well for this price from any other place. (I researched quite a few. ) And we had plenty of leftovers. 

We have ordered individual items from Rosario's on other occasions and never been disappointed by anything on their menu. Knowing they can also cater so well is a huge additional plus.
I wish there was a 3 and a half. 

Awesome food when it's right. 
Inconsistent food quality and service. 
Easily accessible.

They are popular and chaotic. But I will be going back. 

Recommend some of their Mexican pizzas or the taco salad!
i tried rosarios for the first time this week, got a chicken taco salad and an appetizer platter...it was really, really great! the people were nice, ill definately order again
I accidentally stumbled upon this hidden gem in South Philly! I don't eat meat but my roommates got an Al Pastore pizza and it looks like one of the most amazing pizzas I've ever seen in my life!

I came in with my roommates to get their pizza, and I wasn't expecting there to be a vegan option... But when I saw how many veggies they had in their burritos I decided to give it a try! They have grilled zucchini and a Mexican corn truffle as well as portobello mushrooms! They put a decent amount of guacamole in their burrito and it was absolutely fantastic! So even though there's not an official vegan menu, they have lots of vegan friendly options to build a really unique and tasty burrito. This size was very impressive! The burrito was huge and definitely worth eight dollars since I can only eat half in one sitting.
@Nommingnomad Approved!

I woke up craving some fish tacos but then everyone  was talking about how it was National Pizza Day so I headed on over to Rosario's Pizzeria in South Philly for their famous Mexican style pizza. They are a small joint at 15th and Wharton and it smelled divine in there, so I did. It even mind waiting for my order. 

I ordered the El Costeno pizza in the small size which has a Tomato chipotle sauce, shrimp, roasted poblano peppers, roasted corn and basil pesto as well as platanos maduros Fried plantains drizzled with Sweetened condensed milk and chocolate sprinkles. 

I thoroughly  enjoyed the pizza which was very flavorful and the platanos so delicious, I wanted to eat the whole box. I will definitely  go back to try more of what they have to offer. Always love to support local businesses and these people seem nice and make good food. I'm a fan!
COVID has hit the service industry pretty bad, but I'm happy there are some places still making it through! After a very long time wanting to try this place, my boyfriend obliged! We got the Al Pastor Pizza and the passionfruit cheesecake. The pizza was what you'd imagine: marinated pork, pineapples, onions, and cilantro on top of a pretty exquisite tomato pie. I liked that the crust could handle all the toppings since that's never a guarantee. 

The passionfruit cheesecake was good too! I wasn't crazy about the gelatin topping but the whole cake had passionfruit flavoring and was adequately firm, though again I think it was a bit on the gelatinous side. Not /ideal/ when I look out for a cheesecake but delicious nonetheless. Hoping this place can survive the trying times and also hoping I can try some of the other mexican-themed pies!
I placed my order for pickup. The person who took the call is very friendly and my order was ready in 15 minutes. She gave me a call to notify me. 

Al pastor pizza: although it looks spicy, it's not spicy at all. It comes with a sauce that you can put yourself. The pizza is loaded with chicken and bits of pineapple. The crust is thin and crispy on the edges. It's ok, I was expecting more flavor.

Maduros with condensed milk. Definitely get this for dessert. Plantains are perfectly ripe, not too mushy. The drizzle of condensed milk and chocolate sprinkles elevate the sweetness.
Great food no matter if you go the pizza route or the mexican route.  Or do both and get a mexican style pizza.  Fast service, great food, keep coming back for more
Amazing authentic Mexican tacos! Pastor tacos were awesome. Took an hour to deliver but it was hot and worth it!
Walking to the corner pizzeria in south philly to pick up some pizza for my friends, I had not known what my wife ordered for us. I was immediately blasted in the face with a beautiful odor of a plethora of cultural toppings- pepperoni, sausage, beef, salsa, peppers and spices. What I thought was just a pizzeria looked like something way more. I walked away with a large pepperoni and a chicken mole pizza. I had no idea that they had mexican style pizzas and served breakfast! Ahh! The New York Style pep was solid but I craved over the chicken mole. With red onions, mole sauce, and mozarella?? Supa yum. This place is intriguing to my brain and was suggested to try the cheese fries and the al pastor pizza which I will definitely be trying SOON.
Quick and fast and cheap. Rosario dishes out a lot of pizza in this cozy south Philly place. There are a couple of tables here but most of the business is take out or delivery. We had two huge slices and a bottle of water for 10 bucks. One was veggie the other meat and veggie. 

Go here!!
This is a reliable local spot with good food (pizza and Mexican) and awesome service. Their online ordering is so intuitive and their delivery is super fast. Their delivery guys are always wearing masks and are very nice. The restaurant offers no contact delivery so the drivers call you and let you know that they are about to drop off the order. While I wish their dough was a bit more airy and less dense, it is nonetheless delicious. Their sauce is good. Not too sweet, thankfully. Their toppings are always plentiful. I ordered the chicken parm pizza recently, and it was very good. Their marinara is tasty as well. I am glad this place delivers to Point Breeze!
We've been searching for good pizza for years, you'd think in South Philly it would be a no brainier but alas every place has been disappointing UNTIL we found Rosario's Pizza!! The veggie pizza was out of this world delicious!! Amazing! The wings and garlic knots we're also fantastic. So happy we finally found a great pizza place, can't wait to order again soon!
Hiiiii Yelpers 

I THOUGHT this place was good, because I went here for years and the food didn't disappoint.  THEN THE JAW DROPPING BONES IN MY BIRRIA TACO almost left me without front teeth or near death.

Rewind it back to that dark and rainy night...

I couldn't decide what I wanted and BOOM....BIRRIA TACOS crossed my mind. It was something new added to their menu that I've had before. I gave Rosario's a call and once it was time to chow down---Yelp you knew I was ready! I took a picture  then a bite NOoooooooooooooooooo!!! 

As I felt my teeth grind against the bone my eyes were as big as the Pacific (FRFR). Immediately, I called Rosario's and the worker on the other end of the phone was THE WORSE! She told me, "Every meat has bones!" HUH...I then asked to speak with a Manager. The worker stated, no manager was there and won't be in [that night].  I asked her for her name and she told me she didn't have to provide me with that information; then hung up the phone.  When I called back, she yelled, "Come get your money! I'll take it out my own pocket!"

So...I said that to say this...AS HARD AS I WORK FOR MY MONEY, Rosario will never receive another cent from ME! IF YOU WANT GOOD FOOD, GO TO GARDEN PIZZA!!! IF YOU GET A BIRRIA TACO, TELL THEM TO HOLD THE BONES OR YOU'LL BE HOLDING YOUR TEETH!"

Peace & Grub, 

Food Junkie J
Delivery came pretty fast, under an hour. The portions were large- orders the chicken nachos and three tacos. Very flavorful and had a home feel to the portions - whole jalapeños, half an onion and decent size tomato pieces. Would definitely order from them again!
I love this place! I live around the corner and this is my go to for Nachos, pizza and late night food. I love the mix of pizza and Mexican food.
Most likely if you are reading this, Rosario's is down the street from you.  Go get food from here.  They are a real life "pizza hut/taco bell" with significantly better food.  

We ordered a small cheese pizza, some french fries, and chicken tacos.  Simple stuff the first time around, and everything was better than other places within six blocks from us.  They're open until midnight on weekdays and past on weekends.

Added kudos on the free salsa and chips when you dine-in. Now second only to Circle's cheese steak spring rolls, Rosario's is what I want to munch on in our neighborhood.
Wow!!!! I was not expecting such a big portion...sometimes ordering nachos for delivery can be a hit or miss but these were definitely a it and taste as good as they look
So happy to have found this place! The Mexican pizza is amazing and the delivery is very quick. I've ordered in from them about 5 times in the past two weeks, I can't get enough of it!  

La mexicana, La Chicana, Poblana pizzas and the pastor burrito were are all superb. I can't wait to try more!
We order food from Rosario's frequently. While, their food can be a little salty, we have never really had a truly bad experience. Avoid the fries. Order the Steak Quesadilla or the Mozzarella Sticks.
I used to go to Rosarios because their food is OK and they're open late all week. But yesterday I had a pretty lousy experience and won't be going back.

I ordered an avocado club sandwich off their menu for delivery. Delivery took an hour. They brought a BLT instead. I didn't want to wait another hour for them to deliver the right thing so I called and ordered another avocado club for pickup.  When I got there, I showed them a photo of the BLT and the receipt.  They should have given me the 2nd sandwich I was picking up for free, but instead taped my receipt to the wall and said I'll get a discount next time.  OK, not great, but I won't complain.

I take the 2nd sandwich home and it's another BLT.  Done.
For a corner pizza place it is so amazing. I can only attest to a few things, specifically the pico de gallo pizza. It is a must. I can honestly say there was only once that it was not crispy, which is difficult because of all the juices from the pico de gallo.
Currently sitting in the "restaurant" section. There are several kids that keep kicking a football around that is bouncing off of myself and other patrons. They're super obnoxious and annoying. The staff has done nothing to stop them.  As far as we can tell these are just random neighborhood kids that are hanging out here.

Asking for my $$ back in about ten seconds and never coming here again.

Awesome first impression, Rosario's.

Edit: Aaaaand the cook just sneezed in to his hands, then continued making the food.
I order delivery from here way more than I probably should. Once you try the shrimp burrito you'll be hooked. The nachos are also a good option, as is the pizza. Solid joint and friendly delivery drivers. Can't go wrong.
I can't judge the customer service or the interior of this place because I always get take out and my bf always picks up the pizza. 

Anyways, I've only tried the the Al pastor pizza (sometimes with avocado added on) They are always really generous with the toppings and all the toppings are fresh. Fresh topped pineapples and yummy al pastor!! Some downsides - I love my pizza crispy and unfortunately this pizza is not. Al pastor in general is really oily (something to keep in mind because its always made like that) Since its oily, the pizza is not crispy. Somewhat soggy but its not too bad. 

One time I found a piece of hair on my slice of pizza so I wonder how clean the place is but I'll let that slide because the pizza is really delicious!
Nachos were great. Mexican pizza amazing. Love the online ordering.
this place shines in the 'hood.  have been there twice already (travelling from new york) and the tacos and pizza were great.  the order of three beef tacos came garnished with a grilled pepper and onion and the veggie slice at 3 bucks was quite large and filling.
Very quick, very hot, very curteous, very good.
Go to spot for any south phillian.
Also convienent they're open till 1 Am.
What a great spot! Ordered delivery for tonight and can't say enough good things! We got the Chicana pizza, the Nopal salad and chicken empanadas. The pizza has a wonderfully bubbled crust and the toppings, drizzled with chipotle ranch, was perfect. The Nopal salad with the cactus paddles were delicious with a generous sprinkling of queso fresco, and the greens were perfectly fresh. The empanadas are HUGE! We split a single one between two of us and were delighted to find gooey cheese mixed with the chicken tinga. Will definitely order from here again!
The BEST pizza in the South Philly/Point Breeze area. EVERYTHING in the menu is awesome. Pizza al pastor, and Buffalo chicken pizza are my favorites. Deliveries take a reasonable time, and prices are good. Is a must have.
one of the best pizza places in philly. fast delivery and good food. pizza with mexican influences sign me up
Ordered off grub hub. Called to confirm order because I do not trust grub hub. The restaurant confirmed the order and said it should be delivered soon. When the driver arrived they had the complete wrong food. He left us waiting outside in  the cold while he called the restaurant to figure out their screw up. They never apologized once. I was never offered anything for the extra time spent  waiting or for the fact that I was never delivered the correct food. Horrible service. Will never order again. Also their pizza tastes totally horrible. Absolutely awful experience
Infinity stars. Prompt delivery and friendly staff. Pastor pizza is the stuff dreams are made of. Whatever that orange sauce that comes with it is the stuff wet dreams are made of. Kinda wish they had legit seating?!
Food was decent but they came thru like a Champ.  We had a day trip to Philly for a concert and had to rush back to catch our train at the end of the night.   Thats when i realized i forgot to get a cheesesteak!! So we ordered from them for delivery and let them know our boarding time. They made it early with tasty cheesesteaks for us to enjoy our ride back.  Now ive had actual Philly Cheesesteaks in Philly!!
Philadelphia seems to have a dearth of places that are open late . . . which can present a problem when its 10:30 pm on a Sunday night and you're starving.  I used my yelp app in a frantic search to find any pizza place still open, all my go-tos closed at 10.  Rosario's was open-hurrah!!!! It was not the best pizza I've ever had, but definitely good enough to fill my Sunday night hunger void.  We got the meat lovers and the queso fresco pizza - I loved the concept of the queso fresco, but you should know the ingredients are all cold, and placed on the dough after cooking.  

Will definitely order from Rosario's again.
The dough and cheese is all really solid. Nice and crunchy crust and not too thick. We ended up getting the pizza al pastor and overall, it was kind of bland and needed more salt. It came with some salsas, but this did not amp up the flavor. I can see their regular pizzas being very good, this was not something I would prefer to a traditional pizza, but it was fun to try.
Pizzas here are pretty good. A bit expensive for the Mexican pizzas, but they are tasty. They're not very generous in terms of amount of toppings, but overall the pizza tastes like it's a little higher-quality than San Lucas (the only other Mexican pizza place I've found), and the interior is much snazzier. This place is kind of like the gourmet version of San Lucas for about the same price. Both have their merits; sometimes you want hearty and satisfying, and sometimes you want a little more class. Keep Rosario's in mind for the latter. Alas locas (crazy wings) were pretty tasty too. 

We noticed a few unsavory characters hanging around the neighborhood at night, so don't go alone and stay alert.
I couldn't decide if i wanted taco or pizza, but ended up not having to! Rosario's mexican pizzas are delicious and satisfy every craving this was my first time dining in. But it was perfect for an impromptu  date
The number one spot to order from if your south of Washington and west of broad! Food is phenomenal, wether it's the Mexican dishes, the pizza or anything in between.
Pizza and Mexican...why not?

When I got home yesterday from running a few errands, I saw another "pizza menu" wedged in my railing.  Great, more paper wasted...so I thought.

To my surprise, it was Rosario's (like you didn't know where this was going).  

I am always settling for pizza because my wife is the pickiest eater EVER.  Now we have the perfect compromise since I am a Mexican food junkie.

Last night I tried their Chicken Nachos, Pastor Tacos, and pizza (for the wifey) and all three were great.  The pizza sauce reminded me of Lorenzo's on South St, which is a good thing.  The Mexican food was out of this world and my order I structuring were followed to a "T."

Well, the tree was not really wasted, my wife and I now have a great "compromised" delivery spot, and Rosario's has a new customer.  It is a win-win-win.

The only negative is why didn't I get this menu sooner?!?!?!
Well folks I read one of my fellow yelpers reviews that pretty much said this place is the best thing since sliced bread and won the coveted review of the day a while back, he was not wrong! I cannot rave about this place enough.

Poblano Pizza - first off if you are reading through there pizza offerings you may be tempted to order a non Mexican pie, do not do this as I remind you this is an Authentic Mexican restaurant! Try something new and this pizza is anything but ordinary. The black bean puree sauce, the roasted poblano peppers, the chorizo, the corn, stop making me describe it YELP as I may have to order another pie tonight!

Shrimp and crabmeat Qusadillas - they give you a plentiful amount for $14 and this lasted me three snackings to finish the meal. Pro-Tip : put the green sauce on it and it brings out a ton of flavor, I also loaded my pizza with the green sauce it really is marvelous. There are onions mixed in with the seafood in this meal and I am not sure it works but they taut that the crabmeat is real which I give them props for. I love me some crabmeat.

Churros - one of the pics has a sauce on the churros in the photos that were posted for the restaurant, mine did not and I am not sure if that is because I ordered take out and they would be soggy but these were average to me. I will order again once they open for dine in to see if the sauce comes on them as I am sure it enhances the dessert.

One thing I did not like was they charge you a delivery fee based on your zip code and I live less then two miles away and got charged $5.00 delievery fee. After tipping I am basically giving away a meal to service fees but I a very happy I discovered this spot. Thanks Lorence for recommending! 

As always people SYOY!!!
I have been trying pastor tacos throughout south Philly to find the very best, and stumbled on Rosario's Pizzeria. I was excited but slightly wary of this idea of a pastor pizza. It was a mix of my two favorite foods and I wasn't sure if I was ready to experience this. I contemplated ordering this hybrid for a couple of weeks. Finally, after coming home from the shore to sunburnt to be seen in public, it was time to order delivery from Rosario. I also threw in an order of the habanero chicken wings.

Review: Everything was F*CKING BOMB. The pizza was absolutely amazing. The crust was the perfect combination of fluffy and crispy. The pastor itself was great, not too seasoned, not too fatty, just PERFECT. Not to mention the pineapple ratio to meat was . 

The wings were amazing too. The habanero sauce was great, and I had no regrets ordering the poblano ranch in lieu of blue cheese.
4 solid stars and I'd give 4 and a half if I could. They are innovative(their al pastor and choriqueso pizzas are like nothing I'd ever seen before 5 years ago but in 10 years will see in every major metro area) and have a high standard of care(consistently made pizza and dispersed toppings. Key instruction-make sure you ask for and get both house sauces and use both the green and the orange liberally. The only downside is that the food here is heavy and can only be had so often. I make sure my out of town friends get this time every time they're here so I have an excuse to myself. Their normal pizza looks great too but I've never had it, I hope to explore more of their menu someday.
Tried this pizza place last night and I was so intrigued by their Mexican speciality pizzas that I had to make a stop here. I am an avid pizza fanatic, so I was very interested in giving these unique flavors a go. I mean, pizza's good, Mexican food's good-- where can you go wrong? We tried the Choriqueso pizza that has chorizo (spicy Mexican sausage, onions, portobello mushrooms, and zesty sauce. I really enjoyed this pizza and was grabbing another slice before I was even finished with the first. I definitely would pay this place another visit to try another speciality pizza-- maybe next time with avocado!
Delicioso!! I have been ordering from Rosario's for a few years now. They're food has never let me down! I've had their tacos, quesadillas, burritos, Nachos, cheesesteaks, buffalo chicken pizza, plantanos maduros, almost everything and it is always delicious. Currently, I'm really feeling their shrimp and crab quesadilla. To-die-for ! 

If I had to have a con, I would only say it is the delivery time. I live fairly close. I guess because their food is just so damn good that they sometimes take the full delivery estimate time ( i.e. 45-50mins ). Then there are times when my food would come super early. Also, it would be nice to eat in sometimes. Rosario's is mainly a delivery spot. 

In conclusion, Rosario's is my favorite go-to spot for Mexican delivery. I love it
Honestly my favorite place to get a burrito in Philadelphia. Their mole sauce is incredible! Plus they deliver (always timely, everything comes still warm and wonderful). I need to try the pizza but the burrito is so good I keep ordering it.
These 5 stars are for the al pastor pizza. I have ordered delivery twice from them and that pizza so incredibly good. I have only lived in Philly for a couple weeks and it's been my only repeat meal. I have to refrain from ordering it every night. The pizza and flavors are spicy and the sauces it comes with are really spicy, which I absolutely love. I want to try other things so badly, but that pizza is one d the best things I've ever had... delivery was on time both times i ordered.
Rosario's is my favorite place for take out in Newbold! The pizza is great, but the tacos are authentic and delicious! Highly recommend the pastor pork, although the carnitas pork tacos are excellent as well. The pizza is good, the chicken molé is probably my favorite. The last time I was there I got the speedy gonzalez burger: Beef patty, bacon, chihuahua cheese, jalapenos, caramelized onions, and chipotle ketchup. Amazeballs! They also have Mexican coke!

The one thing I will say to avoid are the french fries. They taste like the standard Sysco brand frozen fries and while they aren't bad, there's nothing really good about them either. While it isn't enough to knock off a star (it's a mexican pizzeria, not a burger and fries place), it still could be better.
Rosario's is a hidden gem in South Philly.  Their pizza is fantastic, the fact that they have both traditional pizza as well as Mexican options makes it all the better.  I have ordered pizza off of both menus and have never been disappointed, everything is super fresh.  I have also had their guacamole and pulled chicken salad - these portions are huge.  Their service is quick and courteous.
This place is the absolute go to for great delivery in South Philly. Everything's good, Mexican Salads, burritos, pizzas, steaks, and really good grilled wings. Try to Mexican pizzas too, amazing. This place puts most pizza joints to shame.
I live very close to rosarios and go here almost once a week. All of their food is amazing! Pizzas of course amazing! Vegetarian friendly for those who care. Everything here is worth trying, never had a bad experience. 

My go to is the margarita pizza, mozzarella sticks and 2 cans of soda for me and my lady.  

Only thing that is a down side, is that it's basically a take out restaurant. Which to me isn't a big deal but don't expect to be able to dine in if your in a large group.
I can only attest to their Mexican pizzas but wow are they good! The Al Pastor pizza has been a long time favorite but the Chicana pizza is equally as delicious. 

Ordering tip: they LOAD their pizzas. A medium feeds 2 or 3 people no problem at all.
Got take out here last Friday. I called ahead and my order took about 30 minutes. I am giving a 4 starts for the al pastor pizza. Never thought al pastor and pineapple would taste good on pizza, but it was delicious. I do not like pineapple on my pizzas ever, but it was good on this Mexican pizza.  I did not like the chicken mole pizza, the chicken was extremely dry and mole sauce was not my favorite.  Next time I think I want to try their cheesesteak with guac.
My girlfriend and I ordered from here last night and were blown away. We got a chicken bacon ranch pizza and a margarita pizza. Both pizzas were amazing and the delivery came with an extra bag with a note on it. The note read: "Thanks for ordering online! Here's free guac and chips!"

We will definitely be ordering from Rosario's again. The food was amazing and the free extras were just icing on the cake.
I have ordered this pizza again and again. I have also tried burritos, nachos and some other pizzas. They are all incredible. Nothing really tops that al pastor pizza, but I have thoroughly enjoyed the other items I've tried. 
I've always gotten delivery and it's always quick. Such a solid place to order delivery.
I don't usually write reviews based on a single item I've ordered on seamless. But the Al Pastor pizza is amazing! 

This just happened to be close to our Airbnb and we're so glad we ordered from here. Get the al pastor pizza. It was a steep $22 for a large (18 inch) pie. But it was fully loaded and delicious. Make sure you pour some of that green sauce on it! 

The taco salads were also big and was pretty good ($12).


Although we ordered pretty late they came on time and even called to let us know they were around the corner. 

Hoping I can find this pizza in NYC!
I don't think there's anything here that's bad!! We ordered a variety of things and everything was amazing! The staff was really friendly and I would definitely come back here! We had the veggie empanadas, el pastor nachos, Mexican cheesesteak, southwest chicken cheesesteak,  and the el pastor pizza!
Their menu is amazing, food always delicious. On top of that delivery is ALWAYS early. The new Short rib pizza might be my new go-to pizza, tried it last night and it was so good. Love the traditional taco pizza, also the al pastor is sooo great taste-wise but too greasy IMO.
Love love love rosarios pizza. Pico de galo pizza, i order it every time. Never wait too long. Food is always hot. Cheesesteak is good. Sandwiches are good. I love it. Only thing that is annoying is the delivery fee.
Ordered from Grubhub.  Burgers came out OK, roll not as fresh as I had hoped.  Delivery was on time, but food arrived lukewarm.  Fries were good.
I love the Mexicana pizza, my husband loves the El Pastor, and my sister enjoyed the supreme. The crust is thin but holds the toppings well. We reheated leftovers in the microwave oven and they were still spectacular. 
We ordered and it was about 35 minutes until it was ready.
Finally a place that has good Mexican food for me, and good pizza for the hubby.  Everything was fresh, fast and delicious.  Street food style soft shell tacos that you can add lettuce, tomato and sour cream to (how come more places don't do that??) and are even sent with two little lime wedges. Yum.  Plus, $5 for a 10 inch cheese pizza? Yes, please.  I also recommend the nachos complete with homemade chips, but only if you are sharing or REALLY hungry.  Seriously, it was huge.
Update: I finally tried the pizza and it is amazing! The al pastor pizza is probably my favorite, but all of the others were great too
the BEST burrito available on  grubhub. They are always fast for delivery and the ingredients are always fresh. I've never had a bad experience and have been ordering from them for almost a year. Their chicken burritos might be the only reason my roommates and I are still alive and not starving.
