Upgrade! My husband and I returned to Rosy's for some socially distant outdoor dining for lunch last week. Tables were appropriately spaced and menus were single use. We ordered a couple drinks to start and both were delicious (the paloma and a habanero marg). 

We were pretty hungry and decided to share some nachos to start. The small order was perfect and every single chip seemed to have a little of everything. Nice job, Rosy's! 

We both had the shrimp tacos for our lunch and my husband loved them but I thought something was a little off. The cheese tasted like parmesan to me which gave a weird flavor to the tacos. I wasn't a fan of that and offered the last taco to my husband, who happily took it off my hands. 

Since Rosy's isn't too far from our neighborhood I can see us partaking in many more meals there this summer!
Yes!!! 
You have to try their nachos or quesadilla. 

I love this place for their Margaritas and service. 

Seriously, their quesadillas are to die for. 

The enchiladas were good but, not amazing....would order again.

Taco Tuesday is where it's at. I haven't been but my husband has.  

Everyone is so friendly here. I love their hot sauce wall.
First visit to Rosy's - solid. My husband and I arrived on a Tuesday night around 7:30. We expected the restaurant to be kind of quiet on a cold night, but we forgot about potential taco Tuesday specials. Rosy's got 'em, and the college kids were out in full force. 

This place is loud. Our table was in the middle of the dining room, and it felt like people were screaming right next to my ear, but from all angles. My husband ordered a marg, while I requested a virgin marg. Unfortunately, the virgin marg was way heavy on the lime so I traded it in for a club soda. The drink was still on our check, but I didn't make a big deal of it since the rest of our dinner was so inexpensive. 

The taco Tuesday special is legit. There were three types of tacos, each with three to an order, for three bucks. We ordered the pollo and carnitas, plus a small order of nachos with guac. The nachos arrived first and the size was perfect for taking the edge off without being too much food. The tacos were good, though we agreed the chicken was a little overcooked to the point of being mushy. I'd probably go with all carnitas for the special. On a regular night, I'd likely try something else from the menu. 

I had been wanting to try Rosy's for a while, so I'm glad I finally made it in. I probably won't rush back but would definitely give it another shot.
I've been to Rosy's twice now. Each time I had a great meal and great experience. 

First time was dinner, I was recommended by a friend cause she takes her dog here and sits outside. Well, we sat inside and the second we walked in I smelled an amazing aroma of roasting brisket. It was delicious. So those were the tacos I ordered, of course! The waitress said it was on special for the day, and they don't always have these brisket tacos. So good! We also got guacamole and a banana dessert... both delicious. 
Tip: freeze the leftover banana dessert instead of the fridge, it's soooo much better! (thanks waitress for the top!) 

The second visit we sat outside for brunch. I had divorced eggs, and my husband had the classic huevos rancheros and it was a big portion on a small plate.. it kept spilling off the plate and made a mess lol! Ops! But it was delicious and we both would definitely order it again. 

Overall great food. Great service. The prices were decent, alcohol adds up but come during HH they have better deals. I think this is a very decent competitor to other great Mexican restaurants in center city, so I'll come back again for sure!
Well, I did love this spot the first time I came here, but every visit since has been a mediocre experience ranging from the food quality to the service. Frankly, I am surprised at how stark the difference is between a month and a half of time going by, but after trying it again 4/5 more times since my first visit, it seems that my most recent experiences are the true representation. 

So the food. The carnitas were banging the first time I had them, and then the subsequent 2 times they were grizzly and tasteless. Sad. I tried the Al Pastor next, and that was just ok. I've also had the Camarones tacos, those are definitely the best. I will say that 2 of the 3 orders of Esquites that I have had have been amazing - and its a huge portion. I do like that they have a taco menu available after 10pm, but its confusing because they keep the same menus but don't offer everything. If you don't know this, they wont tell you that either. So now you know. And the margs are very good - thank you for that Rosy's.

Service is tough. I have sat at the bar 3 times now and 2 of the 3 was ignored for at least 6-7 minutes. And no, it wasn't terribly busy. I apparently just didn't seem like a hungry or thirsty person.... Also when I have sat in the bar area it has taken forever for someone to come over. 

The atmosphere is fun, the music is eclectic (think salsa mixed with Michael Jackson, Prince, and the Limbo - yes that legit was on one time). It is warm and inviting and thoughtfully decorated. Perhaps my favorite part of the restaurant is the fact that they donate a portion of all proceeds to organizations working in support of the immigrant community, and that alone is worth a star and an extra order of tacos.
I can't believe I haven't reviewed Rosy's yet! This is one of my favorite spots for takeout and dine in. 

My food item favorites are the Esquites, Chicken Flautas, and the Carnitas tacos. I usually order all three and try to share with friends. The esquites are a very generous portion. The flautas and tacos come in orders of three. 

The service is usually very attentive! I've noticed that the servers do not write anything down, which stresses me out a bit and has resulted in a few items being forgotten before to the point that we have had to ask for them two additional times after the initial order (because other food items, ordered after the fact were brought out to the table first). 

This review is 4 stars instead of 5 because the pricing is a bit expensive. Most items are affordable, but the guac costs $15 for the TINIEST portion. It would be more affordable and yield more guac to buy ingredients yourself and make it at home. 

Overall, a great place to stop by especially if you can make their happy hour from 3-5 pm. Very delicious food and great takeout too!
Rosy's Taco Bar is one of my absolute favorites in the city! The food is incredible - I am especially fond of the nachos with pulled pork, and the guac is fresh and delicious. Unfortunately there was a small hiccup with my most recent trip but they did not hesitate to take it off the bill. 

The drinks, particularly the margaritas - including a variety of different flavors - do not disappoint. My go to is the strawberry and I always opt for less sugar, which they have accommodated each time (for which I am very appreciative!)

Both of my visits thus far have been during COVID and were on the patio/sidewalk. My most recent visit was on the colder side but they have done their best to accommodate with the tents. 

Finally I've also had Rosy's via takeout/delivery and it was just as fresh and tasty as if I were at the restaurant! I highly recommend Rosy's and will go back without hesitation!
So my friend recommended this place, and being the snob I am, I didn't believe her, eventually aka today I tried Rosy's. I went through grub-hub and ordered delivery because of COVID-19. Besides the delivery being two hours late (which I don't believe is the restaurants fault) once I heated my Al Pastor tacos and chorizo quesadilla up I was in for a rude awakening! How have I lived by this place for years and never tried it!?! The guacamole was great (besides the corn in it) and the tacos were to die for. Perfectly done. I finished off with churros, cause duh and they were delightful too. I'm really picky about tacos because there are so many bad places out there but this isn't one of them! try it!
Checked this spot out last night w/ my girlfriend and I couldn't have picked a better place for our date night. It has a really cool setup inside with a second level in the back that leads to another bar hidden in the back..Candles lit everywhere made it feel super cozy and it wasJust dark enough to feel romantic but not like they forgot to pay the light bill. I love the red brick raw walls inside. I bet they spent a fortune making the place look unfinished.lol.. and I love it!

We were coming from a friends wedding so we had already eaten,but the sound of Korean BBQ tacos were to hard to resist trying... Now I'm not big on Mexican food outside of tequila but I love Korean BBQ and these jawns were so on point. 3 to an order which we shared but I could have ate 3 orders myself, they were that awesome. And they have a hot sauce wall with what looked like 100 different hot sauces we could choose from. Which is a nice change because usually you only get a choice of siracha, Tabasco, or red hot when you go out and I have that stuff at home. 

Our server Erika was really nice and friendly , and she knew how to answer all my menu questions. I asked her a recommendation for a drink and she made them all sound so good that I figured I'd start with the basics and get one of there flavored house Margarita's. Let me say, there is NOTHING basic about the house margarita.. Got it on the rocks instead of frozen but the slushy ice they used made it seem like a frozen drink.. which is rad. My gf is pregnant so I ordered a mocktail for her and even that was well beyond what we expected... 

I am really looking forward to seeing this place developer over time. I'm really hoping they use the place to do a DJ night or 2 there because the place would be perfect for that.. maybe some Latin/tribal house music or something.. If you are still reading this, you are wasting time.. Get over to Rosy's and see for yourself...This place is gonna be a big hit in the city.. Mark my words..
I've been wanting to try this place for so long and I finally did! It's often busy and even reserving a spot is tough, but we finally did it. First things first, they are located on a rather busy intersection, but they sectioned off a nice outdoor area for people to sit at during COVID times. The inside is really nice and has a rustic feel to it. Once seated, they indicate you only have 90 minutes of sitting until they might have to ask for you to finish up (one reason why I didn't give 5 stars). The staff is rather responsive, and super friendly! As for the food/drinks, I think their tacos are amazing!!! They are the smaller kinds with 1 tortilla (instead 2), and they don't really break apart. They are really full, which is great. I've split a couple with a friend, and in order from favorite to least favorite: coreanos (a korean BBQ short rib that's super tasty), bistec (the beef with a somewhat refreshing taste), the carnitas (solid choice), and chorizo (tasty but somewhat dry). The only issue I have with the tacos I do think they are a tad bit pricey and wished there were more in a dish. I have heard that they a have a good deal before COVID during happy hour, and not sure if it's still happening. They also have a selection of hot sauce you can choose from as well. They also give you homemade chips/salsa, which is decent. Finally, in regards to drinks, they have a decent selection. I highly recommend the strawberry margarita, which is surprisingly good and did not taste super artificial!

Rating: 7.5/10
Pros: Great tacos, good flavor, trendy spot
Cons: 90-minute sit time, somewhat $$ 
Recommendations: Coreanos, strawberry margarita
I don't know what was better.. the service provided by my waitress Hailey, the Chorizo nachos, or the house margarita! 

Location:Rosy's is located on 22nd and Walnut. Beware, parking was the most stressful thing ever. It took us about 20mins to find a spot and we still ended up having to walk.

With parking taking so long, we missed happy hour upon our 7:15pm arrival. Rosy's happy hour is M-F from 5-7pm. Despite how busy they we were seated immediately. 

Ambience: I would say the vibe here is pretty versatile... you can make it what you want. There is outdoor seating, bar seating as well as a room in the back of the restaurant. The lights are dim and lit by table candles which adds to the overall atmosphere.

Service & Food: We decided on the chicken tacos and the chorizo nachos. Our waitress Hailey recommended we get the small nachos, I'm glad we did as the portion was more than enough for two. The chicken tacos were mehhhh (not a fan- reason for the 4-stars) they were basic and lacked flavor. 
The nachos were amazing, my friend never had chorizo and agreed the nachos were tasty. The house margarita washed it down nicely. FYI- the margaritas here are strongggg and taste really good, but not in a too sweet way. 
For dessert, we went with the flan which came with a side of whipped ice-cream. I was impressed as flan is an authentic Mexican desert that can easily be ruined. Rosy's nailed it though! 

Oh yea- They have a hot sauce bar. Be careful what you choose!
As a new resident of Philly, Rosy's was a great find. I love the daily specials and events, specifically there trivia nights. The host is great as were the associated specials! I had the chicken tacos and queso, both were delicious.

I can't wait to come back for another trivia night!
Kinda sad that our first experience with Rosy's was during these times where delivery was essentially our only option to try their food, but when other businesses are still crushing it throughout a pandemic, this was hard to grade on a curve. 

Considering the delivery was via Caviar, we can't exactly blame the deconstruction of my wife's al pastor tacos on Rosy's (which looked like it was delivered via bike courier who had been in an accident), but we CAN put the excessively salty flavor of the tacos on them. My chicken tinga tacos were super dry, unfortunately, with any moisture coming from the tons of lettuce on top. The corn tortillas held up, at least (probably because of the dry factor). The nachos were an inedible pile of soggy chips covered in excessive sloppiness. I tried to eat them to simply not waste, and it was a struggle that was futile. The portions were gratuitous for a "small" nacho, which might've been great, but in this case just meant more went into the garbage. Just zero sense of pride in the presentation or preparation. I hope this isn't their norm.

This city is stacked with reliable Mexican spots, and we had high hopes for Rosy's, but this was so unfortunate. By far the worst meal we've had delivered, regardless of current circumstances. 

Maybe it was an off night, and I hope it was, but this reinforces why we usually stick to our tried and true spots for our Mexican fix. Super disappointed, but I hope this was an outlier experience. I just don't see us taking our chances again to find out.
Great, affordable Mexican spot in the Rittenhouse area. My usual order is the esquites (chipotle infused cheesy roasted corn) and vegetales tacos (filled with a veggie mix that comes with a green salsa). I've also ordered a vegetable quesadilla and vegetable enchiladas off-menu - neither of which disappointed.

Overall, a solid Mexican spot, especially for tacos.
Best taco and best service I've experienced in a long time! 

Not sure if it's just been a while since COVID, but I really enjoyed my experience. It started with great service, the staff and person who waited on us was so friendly! I asked her what her favorite meal was and she lit up like a Christmas tree with excitement. Sometimes I ask a server that and they are like "ummmm IDK." She instantly gave her top options and she was right. 

The food was really good. We tried carnitas, Korean short-rib, shrimp, and El pastor. Check it out and enjoy!
On the train heading back to Philadelphla I yelped area restaurants near 30th St station for a quick bite before heading home. I usually see a lively crowd at Rosy's as I'm driving on Walnut St and I always make a mental note to check them out. Well Saturday was the day and Rosy"s did not disappoint. My husband had the wings and a beer and I had the Korean short rib tacos with a frose. Perfection. I will note the portions are on the smaller side. 

My son tells me the nachos with chicken and the shrimp tacos are pretty amazing too. Oh really .... Well now I'll have to go back 

FYI ... Surprisingly there was ample parking in the area
We ordered delivery and it came lightning fast. I highly recommend the guacamole, as they give you a generous amount of guac. My husband said the pork tacos were some of the best he's had, but the chorizo tacos spilled over in the container, so it was more like a chorizo taco salad - not a huge deal though.

The reason I'm giving 3 stars is because I wasn't impressed with the chicken enchilada. It was just okay - it lacked any real flavor and was kind of blah. The rice and beans were not great either, as the beans were hard and tasted like they just got dumped in straight from the can and the rice was gooey and just gross.

With so many taco places to hit up in Philly, Rosy's is just an okay option.
Oh wow this place was really great. Ordered delivery from here a couple months back and still salivating over it now.

I got the taco salad topped with steak, chicken flautas and a Jarrito. That salad was unrivaled, man. MASSIVE. They packed a styrofoam container with the salad itself (romaine, avocado, tortilla strips), then a whole ass other plastic container filled to the brim with juicy strips of well seasoned steak. It was so huge I made two meals out of it. 

The flautas were some of the best I've had in a while, not bland like other places do it, but super flavorful, crispy and oily with a generous helping of cheese and lettuce and a great salsa verde for dipping. They came pretty close to my fav (Don Pablo's, sue me), and that Jarrito hit just right.
I would be here nearly everyday if I lived in Philly! From $1 Taco Tuesdays, trivia on Wednesday, $15 margarita pitchers on Friday, a great happy hour M-F, and a weekend brunch steal (entree plus 3 drinks for $30), this spot is reasonable for the trendy, young neighborhood and also serves delicious food. 

I came here with my friend who lives down the street from this place on a Saturday night. I ordered the carnitas tacos and a sangria. She had the vegetable tacos and a sangria. We both enjoyed our choices. 

Some improvements Rosy's could make: free chips and salsa and just more salsa options in general!
Can I say meh? I really don't know why Rosy's is that popular cause the food is quite average. There were so many people waiting for a table, inducing quite a hectic atmosphere. There was even a 90 minute time limit for our table, which I found quite odd. 

Our table got nachos and a margarita pitcher, both of which were perfectly serviceable. The nachos were quite addicting actually, although I wish there was even more cheese. I personally ordered shrimp tacos, which were quite interesting. I personally didn't really like the flavor profile of the cheese, shrimp (which I assumed would be fried), and pickled veggies together. Here's a kicker: I tried my friend's chorizo tacos and the chorizo had a weird aftertaste. It was as if the flavor of the packaging seeped into the sausage. Weird. 

I think there are better Mexican food places, but Rosy's is a good place to be on a Friday night. The ambience is great and everyone is quite friendly. Overall, my experience was quite mixed, but I suggest that you try out Rosy's yourself!
Margaritas were bomb! Even at full price the pitcher is worth it. I had tacos on Taco Tuesday which were terrific. Chicken nachos were amazing and great portion. Will be back if in the city. Staff very friendly.
Rosy's is worthwhile on Taco Tuesdays for $1 tacos or during happy hour!

However, during normal hours the prices are a little too high for the portion sizes. The tacos are way too small to justify $10-12. Additionally, they charge for the typical salsas that are free at similar establishments. $8 for 3 types of salsas is unjustifiable for me to order, personally. (There are plenty Mexican or taco restaurants in the city that offer bigger portion sizes + complimentary house chips and salsa to compare to)

The nachos are huge! A small order of nachos is $9 but it's enough to feed a village! They're loaded for sure. However, any meat or shrimp is an additional cost ($3-4) and guacamole is another charge on top of that! Ends up costing more than an entree. 

The ambience is very loud and fun. The crowd is young and people love coming here for the drinks! 

The service could be better. While the servers are incredibly friendly and attentive, the host stand needs improvement. The hostesses were not welcoming and when we were told they were "booked", they didn't offer a potential wait time whatsoever. I was taken aback that there wouldn't even be openings for walk-ins. We were about to leave but ended up getting a table seconds afterward because something opened up!
Stopped here for some tacos and margaritas! We got the carnitas tacos, and WOW...they were so good. The meat was juicy, tender and flavorful. Some of the best tacos I've had in a while. My blood orange margarita was also delicious. When I'm back in Philly, I'll definitely come back to Rosy's Taco Bar.
I've been here a few times for tacos which were decent enough to lure me in to try their brunch offerings. 

I would rather go through a three year drawn out divorce than eat their divorced eggs again. The avocado slices were brown and gross. The sausage looked funny and didn't taste great. (I loved the way they cut the sausage, it gave me a good giggle) overall the dish was very bland and lacked any sort of substance. 

The tres leches French toast was okay. They probably shouldn't have gone with such thick slices of bread. The custard in the center was a bit cold and runny. 

Our waitress did not come by to check on us or refill our water until we were done eating and ready to settle the check. 

I still believe the tacos here are decent. Avoid brunch foods here.
Loud place even on a weeknight! They've got some
pretty good specials, but not on trivia nights, when they don't have any special deals, plus you can't use the winning gift card the same night. Would like to come back for dollar taco night, but the drinks were pretty expensive and so were the other food items. Our waiter was swamped so a little less than friendly until we struck up some conversation with him and he smoothed out. Many flavors for margaritas, and a pretty big menu, lots of
seats and tables, and a pretty good location.
Woo! Love this spot. Really glad it opened like half a block from where I live. Ever since opening, I've walked by here every single day. The vibes are chill during the day, dark/romantic on a week night, and bumpin' on weekend nights. 

I had the pleasure of eating dinner here tonight. The waitress was very friendly and accommodated our dog (she even brought out a bowl of water just for him!) We conveniently arrived 10 minutes before happy hour was ending (6pm) and ordered tacos and Tecates. I think their chicken, chorizo, and veggie tacos are $6 during happy hour (normally $9). The tacos themselves were really good, much better than El Rey a few blocks down. 

The food was great, the service even better. Hoping this standard stays for years to come. Will most certainly be back.
I gotta say, it was ballsy opening up a spot right next to Revolution Taco. It holds its own and really created an ambiance unique to itself. Rosy's has a tight menu that's full of appetizers, tacos, and tortas. They do it all really well. Service is on point. Rosy's also offers specialty tacos like Korean bbq, cod, and shrimp, but I think the classic tacos are where it's at. House margs also have a heavy pour compared to other spots.

The restaurant is very romantic; very very dark and candle lit, but I think maybe a little brighter would create more traffic; I thought it was closed when I passed by. Additionally, I don't get why the host is in the middle of the restaurant rather than the front. The food and the service is awesome, and I would recommend this spot to anyone that wants a nice marg and some no frills tacos.
Hello, Rosey's. Your nachos are delicious. Especially with chicken. And the taco salad is good too. But those habanero margaritas are definitely the way to go. Spicy , sweet, tequila-y. Love that.
Rosy's is a great spot for Taco Tuesday. They have 3 different types of tacos that come in orders of 3 for $3. My bf and I ordered one of each to share. My favorites are the carnitas and veggie tacos. They are juicy and packed with flavor. However, the chicken tacos were a little bland for me. We also ordered the nachos (vegetarian-friendly) for our group and they were a hit which is BIG considering the guys love their meat. For drinks, I recommend the mango jarritos margarita if you like a more fruitier drink. The house margarita is great if you're not into that. 

Considering it was TT, they were busy. We ended up waiting about 20 mins for a table for 7, which wasn't too bad. Erin was our server and we really appreciate how attentive she was even with a full house. 

Make sure to try out their different hot sauces from their wall when you go!
Rosy's is a new local taco joint that I will definitely be frequenting! The tacos are on point and the location (though located on a seemingly restaurant-lacking block) convenient! The ambience is dark, hip, and trendy. The tacos are a touch expensive at $9-13 dollars ($13 for the special tacos vs the traditional ones) for 3 tacos but boy are they filling and good! My favorite was the Koreanos! The meat was juicy and the spice level just perfect. All the tacos were so flavorful that you could easily go without the separate taco sauces! The nacho platter was ginormous and oh, so satisfying as well! The house margarita at $8 a pop was pretty strong but somewhat lacking in flavor. Would definitely come back again but next time would love to try catch a happy hour for the extra special deals!
I stopped at Rosy's Taco Bar midday for lunch and was pleased to see they had outdoor seating. This was my first time eating at a restaurant so I was a bit nervous about the experience. They had the tables spaced at reasonable distances and mandated masks when you weren't at your table. 

They weren't packed with people when I came so the service was pretty fast. I ordered the pollo Tinga tacos. I initially wasn't sure if it was chicken because it was more like pulled chicken and marinated in their sauce. I asked my waiter about it, who confirmed that it was chicken but that they could make it  grilled chicken tacos instead. I also asked for no cheese, sour cream, or lettuce so they made those changes as well.

The final taco I got was pretty good. Enough flavor and I was able to enhance it with the side guacamole, salsa, and lime. 

The food was okay, but I mostly enjoyed the experience of eating outdoors while the weather is still nice.
Rosy's is my absolute GO TO for tacos and margaritas in the city. I have tried so many places in the city with similar prices and have never found anything that could compare to Rosy's. The classic margaritas are tangy and not too sweet. Their small nachos are anything but small and can be treated as a meal. I live and die by the carnitas tacos with their salsa verde. It's pretty much a weekly staple for me at this point. The only thing on the menu that I would say isn't worth the money is the guac. It's something close to $15 for a small portion. Unless you need guac I would save the money for another round of margs. The aesthetic is simple and casual. The staff has always been extremely prompt and friendly. I highly recommend making a reservation ahead of time on the Resy app a day or two in advance, but they are typically accommodating even on a Taco Tuesday.
First, disclaimer: Rosy's was one of the first places I ordered "to go" cocktails from during the pandemic. I'm a therapist, so walking during my pandemic sessions became routine for me during the summer. I'd walk from west Philly to center city... finish my sessions and walk home. The hot summer and hours and the walk home always lead me to treat myself on the way back to a margarita from Rosy's. Fast forward to tonight... a cold day in February and a rare night out with my three girls and Rosy's delivered once again. First of all, shout out to our server Melissa who brought it with a great attitude, a smile and stellar service. If you're going to dine in a heated tent in 20 degree weather... you need Melissa. She kept our margaritas coming, our chip basket filled and brought smiles for our evening. Two of my girls got the chicken sandwich and said it was outstanding. I ordered pork tacos and they were really good. The other girl got shrimp tacos and gobbled them up. Don't skip the churros with the sauce. Their margaritas are solid, their food is good, the service is excellent and they are trying hard in pandemic times. Go to Rosy's.
Came here right after moving and nothing tasted better than Rosy's nachos and a cold glass of spring sangria. We technically ordered the "small" size of the nachos which were still filling enough for two people. We also split the mole chicken enchiladas which were delicious. They have lots of indoor and outdoor seating as well as options to make reservations online if you're trying to come during a busy time. Definitely worth popping in and trying!
I have been wanting to go to Rosy's for a while and am so glad I finally went! I went on Tuesday which is $1 tacos all day! For the $1 taco special though you have to order tacos in 3s and all 3 have to be the same flavor. I tried all three flavor options (carnies, chicken, and veggie) on special and pictures are below. My favorite was the chicken but honestly all three flavors were delicious and spiced to perfection. I was thrilled to see they were decently sized too. My $1 taco go to place is el Rey's and the tacos at Rosy's are at least 1.5x bigger and have a lot more filling. + I got $27 of tacos for $9 here... sounds like a pretty good deal to me!! I also had some margs and was very happy with the flavor & alcohol amount. They don't skip but it wasn't so overbearing that it masked the marg flavor. 

This place was surprisingly busy when I went (6:45pm) and kept the energy up all the way until at least 9:30pm when I left. At times it was a bit loud, but I was also sitting in the bar area so perhaps thats why. They have 3 seating options here: At the bar, at a high-top in the bar area, or the dining area. I suspect the dining area might be a little more low-key.

Another note- the menu is a bit limited, but there should be something to eat for all as they have vegan and gluten free options. However, I would check out the menu online before you go to confirm. I also attached below their happy hour and daily special pictures. The daily specials vary and I think I will definitely be coming back here on a Friday to get some marg pitchers with friends (Fri 10pm-12am $15 pitchers!!) as well as on Tuesday again for more $1 tacos!! I am a fan of Rosy's and would definitely recommend this place to friends.
This spot has the best tacos and the service was great. I recommend the chips and guacamole and the al pastor tacos! The ambience is quite fun and drunk, so come if u want that bar like experience!
Good Mexican spot in Rittenhouse area! I have been here a a couple of times of the course of the last few years and have always enjoyed it! 

Perks: great margaritas with a rotation of flavors. Get the pitcher if with friends (or alone-you do you ). The nachos are amazingggg! For entrees, my go to the chicken enchiladas. Veggies options are available as well. I love the outdoor setup for the winter/covid and the indoor decor is definitely. 

I've stopped by for brunch, which was honestly just ok. But overall I can't complain with this place--good food, drink, for a good price!
AMAZING "mexican" food near Center City! 

My friend and I decided to go here for Happy Hour (Mon-Thur, 3-5pm) and we got the Pollo Tinga Tacos and Nachos. The Pollo Tacos were super juicy and delicious, topped with lettuce+radish+queso fresco. The nachos were also super cheesy and balanced! We got it without meat but probably would've been great with. 

We also got Mango Margs which were very salty for some reason? The drink itself was salty, excluding the salt rim which was slightly odd. After diluting it with water, it tasted more like orange juice and was fine. Wish there was more of a mango flavor though. 

I'd say the food is pretty pricey outside of Happy Hour so I would recommend going then for a quick snack! Be sure to ask for the menu, I wish they would give it out automatically. Otherwise, service was great!! Will come back to try their other tacos!
tl;dr tasty tacos were overshadowed by hefty prices and a culinary blunder at this popular Rittenhouse taqueria

Since Rosy's opening, it's been nearly impossible to miss the consistent buzz around their restaurant. Admittedly, I've lived within 3 blocks of Rosy's for years, but only now have found the opportunity to give them a whirl.

The indoor space is dimly lit, accenting the offbeat wallpaper choices against an otherwise minimalist decor. The long wooden bar sports a flatscreen and a chalked menu of specials. The space booms with contemporary music and chatter alike. The outdoor accommodations are modest at best, with a surprisingly little lighting to illuminate the chipped paint along with the uncushioned benches. Make your way from the Walnut St entrance past the bar to the host stand, where a staff member may or may not be available to seat you (in our case, it was almost 5 minutes until we were seated at one of the many open tables).

During my visit, I opted for the Coreanos Tacos, sporting Korean-style short ribs, chipotle mayo, and pickled accompaniments. In a matter of minutes, our taco plates were whisked to our table. Immediately, I was struck by how small the meal was -- these are street taco portions. After a few bites, I was impressed by the depth of flavors and quality of ingredients, which maintained a fine balance between savory greasiness and light freshness (albeit, partially because of the petite portion sizes). However, 2 tacos in, I almost chipped a tooth on a large bone fragment interspersed with the meat.

Apart from the host, the service was prompt, friendly, and attentive. My meal sat at $17 after tax and tip -- and that's after I intentionally eschewed even the entry-level margaritas (which ring in at $10). As a Rittenhouse restaurant, Rosy's is very on-brand: great location, premium prices, and middling culinary experience.
I ordered through DoorDash. The food came in a sturdy environmentally friendly box.

Taco salad with shrimp is really delicious with some thinly sliced tortilla strips to give a nice crunch.

Fried plantains with a couple dollops of peanut butter is a nice dessert. Plantains are not burnt and not too mushy. Highly recommended
I was excited to see this place open up near me. Usually I go for revolution taco or El Rey if I'm feeling tacos, so I wanted to scope this place out. We ordered 3 types of tacos: al pastor, pollo tinga, and pescado from the list of special tacos. All the tacos were stuffed to the brim, just the way I like it. Al pastor was our favorite, the meat was cut thinly not shredded, and the sauce was sweet. The fish tacos were not particularly memorable, but maybe the shrimp and Korean tacos may be more special. Service was great and this place is perfect for a quick bite to eat- we were in and out in under half an hour. Will definitely be back!
I got here just after happy hour and ordered two tacos. The Al Pastor Taco and the Bistec Tacos. Neither of them were good. They were ok at best. The mango mojito was fine but their regular mojito wasn't good. I honestly don't know why this restaurant has such good reviews. If you want really good Mexican food go to the Italian market. I would give this place 2.5 stars.
Rosy's Taco Bar is a great go-to for good food and drinks. You get a lot of food for your money. Try a small order of nachos. It's enough for two people.  My fave is the chicken mole enchiladas, which I've had several times. The chicken is prepared well and the sauce enhances the chicken. Compared to my fave mole poblano dish at a place in South Philly, it's pretty good. The churros dessert are nicely sized and very good: four 5-inch churro "fingers" accompanied by dulce de leche sauce and dark chocolate sauce.
Shoutout to MELISSA--she made our night!! An absolute homie. Awesome drinks and killer tacos. Try the chorizo if you can! CHURROS are amazing too
I went on a Tuesday (dollar taco night) so consider this review biased - but the tacos were terrific. Would've had no problem paying full price. Bartenders were friendly. Has a fun, casual atmosphere. Open late (till midnight) for the late night craving if you live nearby like me. Will be back
We've been here twice now for dinner and had a great time during both occasions. The tacos weren't bad and margaritas didn't disappoint, although the watermelon margarita didn't have much of a watermelon taste to it. Their chicken nachos were great also - tasty with a good amount of chicken. Considering the last time we went was on the tail end of happy hour, I thought service was good. Will definitely come back!
I was excited to try this place but will definitely not be coming back. 
Bad service all around. 

They took forever to bring us waters.
They took forever to take our order.
When they did I ordered a quesadilla & and my boyfriend ordered tacos.
They never refilled our waters.

The two of us waited around 40 minutes for them to bring out the quesadilla. It was very small, I knew it was an appetizer ... but honestly it seems like it was something you would make quickly for a kid. I've had better quesadillas at Taco Bell. It's really not hard to make a good cheese quesadilla. 

Then we continued to wait for his tacos for probably another 15-20 minutes and my quesadilla got cold waiting. Only after waiting all of that time and servers just standing around off to the side, a manager comes over to us to inform us the kitchen is out of stock of the protein for his tacos and of course she was very sorry and wanted to know what he would like in replace of it.

Sorry for wasting our time! She should have refunded it all. I've never waited almost an hour at a restaurant for them to tell us they didn't have what we ordered.

Really inexcusable. We left and never looked back.
I have been to Rosy's a few times for Happy hour. The price to food quality and quantity is stupendous.

However, I had Rosy's dinner menu with full regular pricing the other night. It was a HUGE letdown. Usually you would expect more food than the happy hour menu for full prices, but it was about the same quantity. It also may have been an off night but the food tasted extremely bland. For about $16 a dish, I have to say I was extremely disappointed. 

I would've given this place 1 star but happy hour balances it out. I would not recommend coming here for anything but happy hour.
Great service and amazing food, vibe is great definitely recommend it!! Amazing flavors kudos to chef ‍ and cute servers
We picked up Rosy's Taco for takeout. I called ahead and picked up my food to go. First time at Rosy's did not disappoint. It was so good. We had nachos, the corn appetizer, and tacos. Everything was delicious. Pickup was super easy. Yum!
My fiance and I planned on ending our binge thanksgiving weekend by going out with a bang and stuffing every square inch of our abdominal pocket with nacho. 

I was initially intending on going to a place that is to-die in southwest Philly however the distance and potential wait time motivated me to pursue other options. This place was, according to yelp, "hot and new" and had good reviews for 'chos. 

We got a lyft and headed over to RTB. Our lyft driver was quite the chatty kathy and we endured the overenthusiastic questioning en route. 

Once you walk in you're encompassed by the bar area which is self-seating. One may also walk to the mid portion of the restaurant just past the bar to wait for the host for more formal restaurant/table seating, which was our preference on the day in question.

We were seated amongst a few other tables. The table behind us was DEFINITELY a first date allowing us to intermittently eavesdrop on the awkwardness and nervousness that wafted over to our ears.

Our waitress was not the most friendly I've encountered. She had a little bit of an attitude but was attentive and prompt. We were set on the micheladas from the start and this place gives you the option of adding SPICY TEQUILA shot, which was a must. We also went with the classic nachos w/o meat.

Micheladas were good however the least flavorful I've had so far in Philadelphia. The shot was a nice touch but otherwise this is not where I would come for a 'lada. We subsequently ordered margaritas, I a regular and apparently had a stroke or seizure of some sort because I ordered FROZEN (????). Bae ordered a spicy margarita. Margaritas were really good, both frozen and on the rocks.

The nachos were very good. The chips were crisp. The chip:topping ratio was appropriate and the chips were completely covered in cheese accompanied by tomatoes, 'penos, bae and I are arguing over whether there were beans, I'm pretty sure there were but whatever, and pickled onions I requested on the side. 

Another great thing about this place is the wall of hot sauces. There weren't any crazy ones but standard fare mexican roster of valentina, cholula, el yucateco, etc etc and some switch-ups like sriracha (?). 

This is a solid choice for nachos and margs or if you're in the mood to watch a game at the bar and craving mexican.
This place needs to up its game on their drinks. Ordered a pitcher of margaritas for our table of 4 and the pitcher came out barely a 1/3 full, the rest of the pitcher was filled completely with ice. We could barely fill the 4 glasses around the table. Tried a different pitcher of sangria, but same experience. Save yourself the money and just order a beer or water. Otherwise, great food and service.
I've been to Rosy's about five or six times now so I believe I have a enough experiences to make my opinion feel valid. I really enjoy going here for Taco Tuesday's however I am not sure when I will return here again. The food is good however the bartenders and wait staff are pretty rude. The first few times I didn't really complain about the rude staff, however when I recently went to Rosy's with friends, they expressed this same issue and I noticed the staff was a lot more rude than usual. One bartender tossed me my cash after paying; he literally dropped it in my face on the counter and walked away instead of putting my money in my hand the same way I handed it to him. I can go on and on with the experiences I have had with these bartenders and it's enough to make me not want to return.
My husband and I ordered delivery from Tosy's a few days ago.  I must say it's the best Mexican I have had in Philly so far!  Everything is well seasoned and skillfully prepared.  But...THE CARNITAS ARE THE BEST IVE EVER HAD!  To die for, truly!
I ordered delivery during quarantine from Rosy's twice now - SO GOOD! Their menu is limited for delivery but it's still awesome. I highly recommend!
Tl:Dr? Between the sub-par tacos and the worst service we've had in years, I can't say I'll ever go back to Rosy's and I wouldn't recommend you go either. 

The short version, our server was bad from the beginning. We almost got up and left because it took so longto find her way over to the table.  

The house margs are fine, heavy on the ice but not terrible. The pineapple marg was a disappointment (but I guess we were comparing it to the El Vez pineapple marg.)

We ordered a large nacho platter for the table which was a great appetizer. Our sever never brought out plates, napkins or utensils so we flagged her down and asked her for some. As soon as she left our table she engaged her colleague in a conversation, napkins & cutlery be damned!

Half of our party (myself included) ordered the short-rib tacos while the other half ordered the Beef and Chicken tacos. Unfortunately, our very absent server waited until our friends tacos were brought out to inform us that they were out of the short rib tacos. You're kidding me right? You didn't find that our when you put in our order? When it was clear we were annoyed, she asked if she could put in another drink order for us while we waited. Certainly it would have made sense to comp that drink order, but of course she did not. 

We quickly ordered the bistec (beef) tacos which were almost inedible. Tough flavorless beef with nothing special inside. Yuck. There wasn't any hot sauce on the table either to save them. (And certainly no server around to ask for some.)

We had also ordered a side of the fries which was a very strange combination of (clearly) frozen grocery store french fries and chipotle mayo that came from a kraft bottle. 

Honestly, even if the service had been better, the tacos were still an aggressive disappointment and considering all your other local taco options (El Vez, El Rey, Revolution Taco, etc) I wouldn't recommend going.
Food is above average, but service left something to be desired. Came here for Sunday dinner. We had a reservation and were seated immediately, but waited over 25 minutes for a server to come to our table or even get water. The most frustrating part, was another party who was seated after us had a server come to their table immediately. 

Once we were able order, our food came out fast. The esquites we got as an appetizer was definitely the star of the show! The tacos were also good, a bit on the smaller side, but flavorful. I would definitely recommend getting an app to share with the tacos, otherwise you might not leave full. I would definitely come back to give this place another shot, hopefully the service is a bit better the next time around!
It is so loud in this restaurant; there is nothing absorbing the sound so everyone's conversations reverberate off the floor and ceiling, and the music is blasting. It is also very big; it goes back pretty far.

Our appetizer came out the same time as our entrees. We got sopes, but they tasted like cardboard - hard and flavorless. Our tacos were pretty good, but by the time we finished the sopes, they weren't as warm as we had hoped, and the tortilla wasn't heated up before (picky but important).

The service was slow, but I think they were understaffed and our waitress appeared to be new. The host stand is in the middle of the restaurant for some reason, even though 95% of their traffic is going to come from Walnut. The prices are very good. Under $10 for tacos, and $28 for a pitcher of margs; the menu is well-designed. We didn't get drinks this time, but I'll likely give this place another try to see how their margs compare to El Rey's.
Everytime I come here I feel like I am passing a Kidney stone when recieving the bill. 

Camarones Tacos- Jumbo shrimp, pickled jicama, cotija cheese, and crispy garlic. Three per order. THESE ARE NOT JUMBO SHRIMP. I REPEAT THESE ARE NOT JUMBO SHRIMP. Taco taste like a flour tortilla loaded with odd tasting cheese.

Chips and Salsa - $8 for chips I paid and the chips were stale as hell. I am a lover of chips but even at this price point no matter how good they are they do not justify that amount and I stand by my original review that they should come free in any Mexican restaurant.

Tequila - I paid $30 for there smallest order of Margaritas which serves four. It was premium Tequila which is $6 extra but this bill came out to over $60 with a tip for take out.

ONLY COME HERE FOR HAPPY HOUR or if there is a current pandemic and you have no way of getting hard liquor due to liquor stores being guarded and rationed like fortresses securing national treasures.

1 Rosys Classic Margarita Pint $7.00
 Premium Tequila $23.00
1 Camarones Tacos $13.00
1 Tres Salsas $8.00
  
Subtotal $51.00
Tax $4.08
Tip $5.00
Total $60.00
A quick review - busy on taco Tuesday!! $3 chicken, carnitas, or vegetable taco plates. Decent size tacos with unique, yummy flavor for being $1 tacos. (These aren't just meat in tortillas, how refreshing!) I would absolutely go for this again!

Margaritas were delicious, and service was decent considering how poppin the place was. A few drawbacks: guacamole was pretty under salted.. with no salt shakers on the table, and the menu is small!! There are still yummy things worth trying, but it definitely gives the vibe that it is a more casual place to go out. Probably best for happy hour and a quick dinner!
Ordered steak tacos, strawberry margarita mix and churros. We had our order delivered and it was quick. The tacos were good and the strawberry margarita mix was delicious! (We added Tito's vodka) it easily made 3 drinks. We plan on buying the bigger size for the weekend. I wasn't a fan of the churros, every bite had lots of oil. I know they are deep fried, but it feels like it they sat in oil after being pulled out of the fryer.
I have been on the hunt for good, authentic Mexican food ever since I moved to Philadelphia from Arizona. At one point, I thought I would never find the perfect Mexican restaurant in Philly, but then I found Rosy's Taco Bar. Rosy's has a great menu and an even better happy hour. Unlike most places in Philadelphia, happy hour was available throughout the entire restaurant and there was plenty of seating. Rosy's also takes reservations for parties up to 6. We ordered the happy hour tacos, margarita pitchers (the blood orange ones are to die for!), and the nachos. The food and margs were amazing and the atmosphere was great. We ended up spending 3.5 hours and the waiters were attentive the entire time. I will definitely be back! 

Happy hour runs from 4- 6 pm and deals include: $3 Tecate cans, $4 drafts, $6 margaritas, $20 pitchers of margaritas or sangria, and $6 for 3 tacos.
So happy this place is nearby and is so good! We went for brunch on Sunday and loved it. They have a $30 brunch special which includes three drinks, any entree, and churros. This was such a great deal! They do have a la carte as well if you are just looking for a meal. 

My husband and I both got the chicken tinga tacos which were fantastic! They come with a side of plantains as well. The churros were delicious as well and came with caramel and dark chocolate sauces. 

For drinks we both had the house margarita which is on tap and is strong, as well as the blood orange mimosa which was a large serving as well. We definitely felt we got our moneys worth and loved the experience as well as the service. We will definitely be back.
I would give no stars If i could! I ordered tonight off of Grubhub at 6:30pm. Delivery said It would come at 8:15pm.  I did not mind waiting being that there's a pandemic and that I was looking forward to trying the food and supporting the business. 8:15pm roles around and I look for my order where no update can be given. I call the restaurant and it is closed. The mailbox to a man named "miles" is full. I am left with NO food! I spent $70 on my order tonight and received nothing!! Do not take to go orders if you cannot fill them! I am EXTREMELY pissed. I will never order from them again or any of their sister restaurants.
Food came out really quickly! 

Kind of dark and very loud (especially in the front) but really quick service 5/5 

Chicken enchiladas: 4.5/5. Tasted good but a little bit spicier than expected 

Rice: 1/5. Literally tasteless. I love rice and this was very disappointing 

Churros: good
I had just wrapped up a meeting in the area with some of my friends and they suggested we go to this taco spot a little further up in the 20's of Center City. What I didn't expect was to leave trying to find excuses to go back. 

Rosy's is cute, it's got an indoor and outdoor seating area perfect for people watching and gushing over adorable pups that pass by. It wasn't crowded either which was surprising for Happy Hour downtown, but I suppose that's the pro of the location not many journey past 21st when looking for places downtown. 

The drinks were strong my table had the Margaritas I did a pineapple margarita with chili on the rim and it was as refreshing as expected. The guacamole was amazing and our waiter brought us more chips to finish it which was a bonus for sure. 

But do you know what really earned them 5 stars from me? Those Platanos, those finger licking, won't wait for them to cool to finish, stop you in your tracks, delicious Platanos. OMFG do yourself a favor and just order them...then send them to me.
They always have great food and service! Also- mostly everything is gluten free!  Get the chicken tacos for sure.. so good and authentic and I lived in southern cal for most of my life
Stopped in for brunch to catch up with a friend. Unassuming entrance but the place is actually pretty big. We sat near the bar area as it was sunny out and wanted to enjoy the sunlight. As others mentioned the music is loud. Had a hard time talking to my friend. Bartender wait service left much to be desired. Refilled my water once and never stopped by again other than to drop off the check. Food was pretty good. Though having tortilla chips with tacos seems standard. Not so here, they cost extra.  
I think I'll probably pass on it next time around. Service and the music were just major bummers.
Came here for happy hour with a friend and enjoyed the quality of the food. The margaritas and happy hour nachos are very tasty! The only qualm I have is with the lack of clarity on their specials. For $1 Taco Tuesday's there are two things that aren't very obvious: only the pollo, carnitas, and vegetable tacos are included in the special and you actually have to order 3 tacos - more like 3 tacos for $3. My friend and I were not told this so we ordered a regular platter of tacos (pork belly - not included in the special) then just wanted a few tacos on the side to make a meal. Instead of ending up with 1 chicken taco and 2 carnitas tacos, we were handed 3 chicken tacos, and 6 carnitas tacos. So go for the great food and drinks - just know that not every taco is available for Taco Tuesday and that you also have to order tacos by the 3's.
Took my boyfriend for brunch for his birthday and even though there was a weird experience we couldn't have asked for a better brunch. We both got the $30 Brunch option - 1 Entree, 3 Drinks & Churros - I immediately asked the waiter how they could make money off of this and he said his guess was as good as mine.

We ended up getting the Tres Leches French Toast, Burrito De Desayuno & I added on an order of the pollo tinga tacos. The french toast was good and the burrito was huge I don't think we could even finish it. The tacos were delicious! Only complaint for the food was that the churros were a little doughy and uncooked in the middle. For our drinks we switched between the blood orange mimosas and the margaritas - both amazing. 

The weird experience that you may be wondering is that in the middle of the meal a girl got up and suddenly just started throwing up. It was a sight to behold, but the staff took care of it accordingly and didn't make a big deal about it. We didn't let it kill our mood and definitely plan on coming back for brunch and their great week specials!
We couldn't get through to our neighborhood taco spot and Rosy's was the first alternate that popped up in our search. Ordered for delivery Saturday night. We've been burned with take out tacos before - a soggy mess by the time it arrives. Was definitely not the case with Rosy's! Chorizo and pork pastor tacos both fantastic. And the corn - seriously could be the best I've ever had. Food came in less than 45 minutes when we ordered at 7pm on a Saturday night. Can't wait to try more from the menu!
I went to HH and it also happened to be a Tuesday which meant $1 tacos - they have chicken, carnitas and veggie options. Usually more of a carnitas gal myself, I actually liked their chicken tacos better. Margs were on point and come with a salted rim. The guacamole and chips were possibly the highlight of the meal which is good because they are a bit pricey at $15. I tried their nachos via delivery a time prior which were also very delicious.

Sexy place in West Rittenhouse with ample bar (area) and table seating. Its dark with mood lighting. A little loud but not deafening - a decent place for a date. The service was attentive. Overall, very pleased I found this place; it will be my new go to place for Mexican HH.
This place was okay. We visited for $1 taco night. I was upset to find out that there were no dairy-free/vegetarian/vegan taco options on the menu. I ended up ordering Camarones tacos and my friend ordered the Pollo Tinga which was pretty average. I will say the crispy garlic added a nice touch to the shrimp tacos. I was a little annoyed by their customer service as I told the server that I can't have cheese and my taco came with cheese anyway. The server was also annoyed about us asking about different things on the menu.  The Guacamole was good and the fresh chips were an added plus. There are definitely better taco places in the area.
Spur of the moment decision to walk in on a thurs night. Luckily we just caught the end of happy hour so we ordered the chicken and chorizo tacos on the happy hr menu ($6 total for three) and also got the small steak nachos. The nachos were pretty good, a lot of great toppings and cheese pulls and the chips themselves were crispy and crunchy. The tacos were more of a disappointment. I guess a good deal for the price but overall they weren't anything special. My friends chicken tacos were pretty bland and my chorizo ones were a bit salty. Might come back again for happy hour if really craving tacos and for the ambience and for the nachos (they were pretty good).

Important note: the tacos come in a trio and you cant order one or mix and match
Always wanted to try this place out.. so glad I finally did! I came in around 5:30 for happy hour and dinner with friends.. we got a drink at the bar and it was super crowded but a nice vibe. We were seated up in the back within 20 minutes and our food was really delicious. I had the steak fajitas which was a huge portion and so great. Service could have been better, but it didn't impact my meal. I will be back for the food!
Came here on a Friday night around 8pm and it was not very crowded, easily got 2 seats at the bar. 

We ordered some chicken and carnitas tacos, which were underwhelming, though the chicken were better than the carnitas. The staff had mentioned that there was a hot sauce bar, though it was a few bottles of almost empty hot sauces of varying generic brands. 

I also ordered some margaritas (since it is the perfect drink for taco night). The regular margarita was surprisingly good, though the frozen margs were sugary and left more to be desired. 

Overall, pretty mediocre experience. Though if I had to come back again, I would go straight for the margs.
Being that I live around the corner, I've been very excited for this to open in our neighborhood! I came here tonight by myself to get some dinner and wrap up work. I loved that I was able to get a table that was meant for one person and work, but I'd definitely come back with friends too. I got the chorizo nachos, they were awesome. My server was Alex O, he was wonderful! He was super friendly, attentive, and we had great conversation. I can't wait to come back and try tacos and margs!
A nice treat for brunch. I went here with a gf for brunch and we both selected the special, 3 alcoholic drinks, an entree with a side of churros for $30. We both opted for a burrito and it was delicious. The drinks however weren't great. The mimosas were pretty much just orange juice and the margarita I was served was extremely salty. I would return for food but doubt I would spend a ton on drinks.
This place is amazing ! The food is phenomenal (especially the nachos) and the mango margarita is delicious. The decor and vibe is so dope.Trevor was so friendly and so accommodating. 10/10 would recommend.
Nothing bad to say about Rosy's! The service here has always been great. The food is tasty and I love their guacamole. It is definitely worth the ten dollars. I go to Rosy's for their happy hour tacos and guacamole. It is a really cute place with awesome food. I would definitely recommend this taco joint.
Everything was fine until they charged us 18% in taxes. Manager couldn't explain why, and said there was nothing that they could do. They did not apologize.
Came here on Friday night. This place was very busy but they have a lot of tables in the back so we were seated right away. We ordered al pastor, carnitas and cod tacos. They were all pretty good but the portion was quite small for the price. Our server was a bit slow.
What an honor to be the first review at this new local hotspot! A great ambience, complete with a full hot sauce bar of every fiery hot sauce imaginable. Nachos were an immediate win that left us scraping the plates for more -- sweet pickled onions and mexican crema really hit the spot. For dinner, we ordered chicken tinga tacos and sopes -- they were small but perfect for two in combination with the nachos. The margarita selection is eclectic. Service was a bit slow, but it may be growing pains.

The real win here is this: open till 2am, a rarity for tacos in the area.  Looking forward to many a nightcap here.
Working nearby, I think Rosy's is going to become a new favorite Happy Hour spot for me and my colleagues. The deals are great--$25 for a pitcher of traditional margaritas on the rocks, which came out to about 8 drinks. We also split two orders of tacos ($6 for 3 tacos) and an order of chips and queso. The chorizo tacos were amazing... super well-seasoned and fresh. The chicken tinga tacos were just OK... they needed more flavor. Chips were fresh and tasty, and queso was solid. Our waitress was super friendly and attentive, and the vibe inside Rosy's is cool and quirky. I'll definitely be adding this into my rotation and looking to sample the rest of the menu!
I went to Rosy's for the first time for dinner, and I really enjoyed the atmosphere and food! The restaurant itself is a lot bigger than I thought it looked from the outside. There's a bar in the front, and then lots more tables as you walk in the back. We easily got a table for two on a Thursday night. 

We were really indecisive, so we asked our waitress for her suggestions, all of which we ended up ordering and really liked! First, I ordered the pineapple margarita. I think it was my favorite flavored margarita, having only tried the blood orange and original flavors.  It wasn't too sweet and you could really taste the pineapple. We then ordered the chips and guacamole, which were really good and a perfect portion for two! We shared the steak and al pastor tacos. I liked both, but the al pastor tacos with pineapple were my favorite! This surprised me, since I didn't think I would like pineapple in my tacos. 

Finally, we ordered the churros, which were a must-have! They were so good and warm. I think they use dark chocolate sauce, so I ended up liking the caramel sauce the best!
Super pumped to finally try this place and man was I disappointed. For a taco bar they had the wackest fish tacos. Boiled cod? No thanks. And the plating was just poor. The nachos were great so I do recommend those. 

Now for the worst part- the service. First of all, you walk in the front door to a sign that says walk around the bar to be seated. Ok. Fine. Then we get seated. The chairs are not made for people with asses but that's not necessarily their fault. Ok so anyway our server didn't come over for a long time. When someone finally came over, the person (who was a server in training) basically slammed the water down and walked away. Ok. Then we wait. And wait. Finally the server comes over and doesn't introduce himself or the server in training and acts annoyed that we are going to order. Looks down at the thing they use to put the order in electronically the whole time. We ordered nachos with guac and fish tacos. After a short while someone tries to give us chips and guac. We say no it's nachos and guac. About five mins later, same thing happens. About ten mins later our food comes. As you read above- nachos yay, tacos NAY. Server come to check on us in passing. Then we wait some more. We've finished. We're so mad that we're spending beau coup bucks on meh food and drinks. Oh yeah my marg was fizzy. So then my favorite part. The server finally comes over and laughs about how twice they tried to give us chips and guac and how we should have just kept it and had a nice treat. REALLY DUDE? You see something happening and you just ignore it until the end when we're paying. He was all buddy buddy when the card came out. 

All in all we were super disappointed and will not be back. The nachos were good (hence the second star) but the experience was poor enough for us to stay away.
Booo! Go for drinks but steer clear of the food. 

I was looking forward to trying this place but I was so disappointed. I went to celebrate cinco de mayo with some friends. The margaritas were good and there were a lot of different fruit mix ins and specialty cocktails on the menu. Strawberry, blood orange...drinks with mezcal etc. ceviche was boring and lacked flavor. It would have greatly benefited from more lime. We also had tacos - carnitas and al pastor. Both were over salted and overpriced. The carnitas didnt taste fried and oily and crispy like a traditional Mexican restaurant. 

It may be good for those who like Americanized Mexican food, but not for those who like to hit up authentic down and dirty taquerias.
Below average food. Upcharged on simple things. Poor selection. Much better Mexican places in the city. No need to go here.
I want to really love this place, and give it 5 stars for delicious food, but delivery is seriously the worst. I've ordered from Rosy's a few times, never ate-in, and only on once has my order ever arrived when expected. My go-to's are the shrimp & fish tacos, plantains and churros; all of which are amazing. Just be prepared to wait... and wait... and wait some more.
Great food! Good prices. Has a fun atmosphere with great happy hour specials (even though we were there too late to partake) the guac was very good and fresh. Had the pollo things tacos and loved the taste. Would go again if I was in Philly!
I ordered Rosy's for the first time for delivery tonight. They did not disappoint! Their tacos are the bomb. I had the al pastor and chorizo tacos. I also got the steak quesadilla. I am impressed. So much flavor. Excellent portions and price. I will be ordering from them soon!
Pleasantly surprised. Stopped for a bite after the Mütter Museum. Got there about 15 minutes before 4 and was told they didn't start food service until then. No problem, we started with chips and salsa and I got  a mango margarita, which was delicious. I ordered the chicken tacos and warm corn salad that was like deconstructed Mexican corn. Everything was great: food, service, and atmosphere. Would definitely go back when in the area.
The Cadillac margarita was kickin and the mole sauce was perfect. Service was excellent! The ambiance was lively. I would definitely come back.
Great addition to the neighborhood! Went to happy hour on a Wednesday night, and had no trouble getting a table for two. The happy hour is a great deal ($6 for 3 tacos!), and the tacos are loaded. They aren't the most creative or the best tacos I have had in Philly, however they are good and the price is spot on. We got an order of guacamole, two different tacos, and margaritas for $40. Our server was nice and everything came out fairly quickly.
Overall, if you are looking for a place for solid, consistent margaritas and tacos I would recommend!
Terrible food and horrendous service. Will not ever be returning or ordering from here. This experience ruined my night.
This place is actually the greatest. They have specials every day of the week that feature dollar tacos on Tuesdays and $0.50 wings on Thursdays. The outdoor seating is dog-friendly and especially nice in the summer time. Go to spot on Tuesday evenings for a dozen of carnitas tacos and a couple of cold Tecates. Can't go wrong with that.
I've been a decent amount of times, and the quality of the food never misses. I went with a friend and started out with the small order of nachos, and it's big enough to split with two people! I also got a blood orange marg, which they have numerous flavors of, all being delicious as well. The wait staff are all great, and kind as well. I definitely recommend going!
Stopped at Rosy's for dinner a few weeks ago and it's a solid COVID dining experience. The servers were friendly and COVID protocols were followed in a way that made us feel safe. The food came out lightning fast, so try not to order until you're ready to eat (we ordered the nachos with our entrees and every basically came out at the same time).

I enjoyed the margaritas, particularly the mango flavored margarita. I would also highly recommend the nachos---we ordered the chorizo and they were absolutely delicious (one note on the nachos: if you're with just one other person and you intend to order more food, absolutely get the small size... we ordered the small and it was plenty filling). I also really enjoy the bistec burritos that my boyfriend ordered. I ordered the chicken enchiladas, which we okay, but can be missed in favor of other items.

My favorite thing about Rosy's COVID setup is that the seating area is blocked off from the sidewalk, so there's no concern about people walking past you while you're eating. There's also a heated tent, though we did not need to use it that particular night. Supposedly there's a dining time limit, but it was not enforced for us. All in all, Rosy's is a good spot for a decently priced, safe, and delicious meal.
Rosy's offers decent food at decent prices. Their nachos (large) are a sizeable portion and quite comforting to eat. I really enjoyed their chicken enchilades in mole sauce. It's a smaller dish, but much better than the chicken mole dish I had at Las Cazuelas (tough chicken there). Perhaps my only gripe with the menu is the "taco specials" section. The Camarones (jumbo shrimp) tacos were not very jumbo. I don't think they'd even qualify as medium size on any restaurant menu. My friends and I agree that it's basically false advertising to call them jumbo shrimp. Aside from this little quibble, I think Rosy's is a nice asset to the neighborhood, offering an alternative to El Rey not far away.
Came to have a drink, showed my Georgia ID, and the bartender asked for something else with "my name on it" which felt really odd. I guess he hadn't seen any ids outside of Pennsylvania? Whatever caused his confusion was pretty frustrating. Just wish the bartender knew about ids a little bit so I could have an actual margarita with alcohol in it. Not fun drinking mixer on ice. Not the best kind of welcoming but maybe the tacos are better idk.
