Having wanted to try Rouge for ages, my friend and I finally made it our destination for drinks and dinner.  I arrived early and was fortunate enough to score a window table.  While sampling a couple different glasses of white, I enjoyed French music and people-watching, both in the bar and outside on the Square.

When my friend arrived, we ordered a bottle of Sauvignon Blanc, which I would highly recommend if I could remember the exact name.  Our server, Danielle, was efficient and helpful with any questions we had about the menu.  At her recommendation, we ordered the cheddar plate, which was an addition that day, as well as the Bibb lettuce and endive salad and the famous Rouge burger.

The cheddar was fantastic and came with dried apricots, quince paste and a honey that I believe was truffle-lavender.  Cracker Barrel, twas not!

The salad was perfectly dressed and came with large Roquefort chunks, cashews and slivers of red onion and green apple. 

As for the burger--it looked heavenly, with a big helping of pommes frites, a perfect-looking pickle spear and side of ketchup.  Alas, it was too good to be true.  Don't get me wrong, I still inhaled the thing with the velocity of a Dyson, but it paled in comparison to the almighty Good Dog Burger.  To be honest, I was a little relieved.  It's hard to believe that a burger could get any better than GD's version, and if it ever were to happen I would certainly make a scene while convulsing in ecstasy... not exactly ladylike.  

We should have stopped there, but the dessert menu beckoned.  We ordered the chocolate chip bread pudding with vanilla gelato and a caramel drizzle.  What was dropped at our table was reminiscent of a hockey puck.  For shame, Rouge line-cooks!  Danielle whisked said puck away and returned with a less well-done bread pudding.  It was, in her words, to-die for.  She even took it off the bill, which I thought was extremely nice.

Bottom line, I would certainly return for the ambiance and service, but it would likely be for drinks and small plates.
I was here for Brunch on a Saturday.  Rogue offers great ambiance in a prime location of Rittenhouse Square.  Unfortunately, ambiance and location are the top selling points for Rogue. I found the food average and overpriced. 

I ordered the Veggie omelette, which is more of a mushroom omelette, since it did not contain any other veggies.  It was very salty and for $16 it would be nice if they would throw in some toast or a small side salad. But, no, all you get is an omelette on a large plate. My husband ordered the Rogue Burger, because Rogue is said to have one of the best burgers in town.  And, for $20 bucks it better be a pretty good burger.  He thought it was good.  

The coffee they serve is good and our service was friendly.  Although, it did take a while for our order to come out.  We would probably go to Rogue again for drinks or happy hour, because of the inviting atmosphere and location.  However, would hit another place for dinner.
America is the home of a unique sociological phenomenon.  Dubbed The Fat Girl Effect, it can be most succinctly described as a female herding behavior and can be observed in a wide array of social settings.   

All the guys out there know exactly what I'm talking about.  Within every group of hot girls, there is one fat chick (aka Loxodonta Americana Feminae).  The hotter the hotties, the fatter the fat chick. 

Generally, the fat chick is the squad leader and gate keeper of the pack.  All decisions are passed through her and her word is bond.  She is constantly coddled and rarely questioned.  Any threat to the fat chick will be handled in a decisive and aggressive manner by the herd.  No transgressions will go unpunished.  In fact, it's been said that hell hath no fury like a fat chick scorned.  If you don't believe me, just go hang around a McDonald's when it's sold out of McFlurry's.

Most guys see the fat chick as an obstacle and for good reason.  More often than not, the fact chick is loud, sweaty, and obnoxious.  It's a tough sell, especially in warmer climes, and it can make for a long evening of annoying banter and loud braying.  

However, those of us with more savvy in the ball game arena know the true score.  The fat chick can be a serious road block, but she can also be the key to a successful evening of courting.  

If you're nice to the fat girl, then the hot girls will be significantly more likely to ignore your personal flaws and view you in a positive light.  With each subsequent smile or laugh you generate from the fatty, you start to seem a little taller, a little more handsome, and a little more suave.  Watch the hotties' faces light up as their appreciation of your sensitivity and kindness grows with each passing bon mot.  With enough time and dedication to the fat chick, you can rest assured that you will be going home with the hottie of your choice.  It's a slow play, but it always pays in the end.

The managers of Rouge know this strategy well and, with some outside the box thinking, they employed it against yours truly in early September

I was out and about with my pooch, looking for a dog-friendly venue where I could have a quick drink.  Rouge was really my only choice as it had one seat left and Parc had none, so I hesitantly saddled up certain that I was in for a less than satisfactory experience.   

I've always had mixed feelings about Rouge.  It has many undeniable positives - great locale, interesting people, terrific ambiance, and outdoor seating - but I've always had trouble looking past the negatives.  In my opinion, it's overpriced.  The food is good, but it's not THAT good and the portions are small.  I understand that smaller portions are inherent in gourmet grub, but Rouge takes this axiom to the extreme.  Furthermore, my girlfriend insists on ordering the Cheese Plate every single time we go there.  It's mediocre at best, yet it costs $18.  Please.  

So I was ok with my decision to sit at Rouge, but not thrilled.  

My pooch is cute as a button, but she is young, she is hyper, and she is annoying.  Much like the fat chick of my little herd, she can be tough to deal with...but she runs my life, makes all of our decisions, and if she loves you, then I love you.

I was absolutely floored when, instead of treating her with disdain as I had anticipated, my waitress rolled out the doggie red carpet.  Without even asking she brought over a bowl of water and even went so far as to give my little pooch a treat.  So sweet.  Instantly my heart melted and my guard dropped.  With two simple gestures of kindness and empathy, my waitress had ensured that I would forever ignore all of Rouge's flaws, enjoy a splendid evening with my pooch, and leave feeling nothing but positive vibes for the establishment.

My 5-star review has little to do with food or drink and everything to do with their treatment of my fat chick-esque friend.  We will go back now, many times I'm sure.

So let this be a lesson to us all.  If you feed the fatty, the hotties will love you.
Rouge is an elegant lounge located in the heart of Rittenhouse square, offers brunch al fresco. Personally, my breakfast/brunch item of choice is usually omelette - traditional and protein-packed. All what you need to know about Rouge is that you can't beat the classic: Good food for good price.

Three and Half Yelps.
The perfect way to start off a weekend in Philadelphia is with brunch in Rittenhouse Square overlooking the park on a postcard worthy spring day. We waited a few minutes but thankfully it was nothing beyond 10 minutes. As I glanced over the menu my eyes immediately jumped to the french toast and then darted over to the eggs benedict but then I decided to let my fellow yelpers guide me. I pulled out my iPhone and looked up the reviews and there it was Oprah and GQ had both crowned Rouge's burger one of the best. Now, I know a good burger so I was excited to sample the goods. 

Sadly, this is not one of the top burgers in my book. I still think it's great but not one of the best. The service however, was attentive and polite. 

I look forward to returning to Rouge soon for some of that french toast or the eggs benny.
i'm a big fan of rouge. this is an intimate restaurant with large open windows and a sidewalk seating area with chairs that face outward toward the street -- a great place to people watch. 

it's located off rittenhouse square, so there's a certain level of pretension that comes with the territory. but i found that the staff here were extremely friendly. the hostesses and manager were nice enough, but the shining star was our gregarious and humorous waiter. 

for brunch, i ordered the egg white omelette and my friend ordered the eggs benedict. both were delicious, but my omelette was especially fluffy and not at all overwhelmed by the use of goat cheese. i was impressed. the portions are just right, not too big and not too small.

great service and great food. it's a bit pricey though, but again, comes with the territory. that's really the only thing i didn't love about rouge.
Sanitary disaster - mice running around the restaurant-While you have terrible obnoxious service and an owner who says he is too busy running is restaurant empire. 


Mice, Ignorance , Arrogance with service that is 1 star and yes I mean 1 Star. It's is  Where do I start, I start at mice that scurry across the dining room while the bartender screams at you to "shut the f*** up" while her boyfriend who is a constant fixture of each of her shifts tells me he is going to kick my a**  if I say a word, as I laughed out loud. I have been going to Rouge since it opened when the real restauranteur Neil ran the establishment, Since Rob has taken over all I have seen was the place go down hill and fall apart with a bar that is a falling apart and most likely covered in mold. After spending a good amount of money in this establishment you might expect service but the ignorance of ownership that flows down to employees shows throughout the entire restaurant. Yes they have an A plus location but the food sucks and they expect you to just show up. I know people like to be seen but to be seen it this mice whole with and owner who is indignant and doesn't care about his clients.  The bartender who works Sunday through Tuesday night is a total bitch and only cares about herself. When I told her we were going away for 3 weeks she said Omg you are going to effect my income. Last Saturday when I was walking down 18th street the manager said where have you been I said I will never come back without a written apology and she started a fight next to my home. While her general manager said nothing. There was a simple solution and said how do we fix this situation and we could have spoken. I sent the owner a text and gave them every opportunity to fix the situation. Rob Wasserman the owner said I am sorry but offered not a single remedy like how do I fix this. Didn't offer me a drink an appetizer, so my money will be spent at places that actually care. If you want to spend $20 dollars for a glass of wine and have have mice running around with rude service this is your place. I will never ever go back again. What a disgrace of service, what a disgrace of professionalism, what a disgrace of everything I was taught that is right. Run fast unless you want the same service and their bar is falling apart with mold all over it. Have fun my friends but this is truthful. #98rouge #rougephilly #rouge98 #rittenhouse #rittenhousepark
They used to be known for a burger...and judging from current reviews, it looks as though they still are. 

This was one of the first 'high-end burgers' I remember paying double digits for. I learned to appreciate gruyere cheese because of Rouge, and even though I don't like onions, I didn't ask to have them removed since I wanted to maintain some of the carmelized onion flavor as I scraped them off myself. Weird, I know. 

The interior was constantly described as being within a jewel box, and I relate that more so due to the size; for this is not a large place by any means. A step or two took you to a tiny lounge area that sat semi-above as you could look out onto the round (or was it oval?) center bar, in addition to the coveted patio seating that looked out onto Rittenhouse Square. Now, I notice the bar takes up the back part of the restaurant yet still maintains its sophistication.

A hop away was another Neil Stein place called Bleu, where they too had a burger with the obvious namesake cheese, but Rouge beat them by far. I wondered what Stein's whereabouts were now that I've been away from this city for so long and saw the news that he had passed back in 2018. Pleased to see Rouge still lives on, now run by one of his daughters. 

In a nutshell, Rouge was a trendy place I aspired to eat at once I established myself. Well, I didn't quite make that happen but I still was able to treat/make an excuse every now and then to enjoy their food. The atmosphere then felt exclusive, where the big deal was that one could be seated next to a local celebrity in the form of a famous plastic surgeon's wife (now ex-wife) and her rather boisterous child. Sometimes, that's Philadelphia fame for you! 

If you're in the area and enjoy burgers, give this one a shot, I definitely will when I'm back in town.

*I used to work at GapKids on 17th/Walnut (now long gone) and I think I saved some of my paycheck to come eat lunch here one day. That was youth for you!
So lunch time rolls around. You're craving a burger... Not just any ol' burger from a pub or fast joint. But something 'special', that packs an extra punch (and lbs...). I'm talking about the:

Rouge Burger
- Challah Roll, Caramelized Onions, Gruyere Cheese & Pommes Frite (the "french way"). Heavy. Tasteful. Flavorful.

But what's really cool about this place... the "Gothic, jewel-box" interior design and suave, funky bar.

*Mac & Cheese Update*
- Not your ordinary macaroni and cheese, made with fontina cream, chervil bread crumbs & Lancaster county goat cheese. A real gourmet treat adorably plated in a coffee cup :)
This was another three-four star waver situation... But our server really pushed the rating over to four..

Our server was freakin' awesome.  Super friendly, really fast, lots of good answers to questions, etc. etc.  We sat out on the sidewalk and after taking our drink and appetizer orders and noticing our dog, she said, "well my next task is to bring her some water and a treat."  A few minutes later our dog has a shiny bowl of water and an enormous dog biscuit.  Literally right behind her comes a runner with our appetizer.  We were having a late lunch so it's possible she noticed the look of starvation-induced insanity in my eye, but either way.  I was super pleased with the speed.

The appetizer -- the friend oysters -- were a little salty, but other than that, delicious.. and the little bread rolls, while cool, were nice and crusty and came with a pat of butter sprinkled with salt.  Little touches like this make me a happy girl.  

The burger... the famous famous burger... Why must hype always ruin food?

I mean, ok, it's picture perfect, so maybe it plays well in the glossy pages of a magazine.  Round, juicy, covered with bubbly gruyere cheese.. gleaming buttery brioche roll... flawless piece of butter lettuce made more green by the accompanying bright red tomato.. fries in a cute little metal cup/cage thing with paper lining... It's really gorgeous.

Unfortunately, beneath that beautiful exterior lies disappointment.  I think the extra salt that ended up in the oyster remoulade should have been in the burger patty.  We the chef's advice and went with medium rare, but that burger was far more to the side of rare than medium rare.  I love rare steak, but super rare ground beef tends to be mushy and underseasoned rare ground beef is both mushy and not particularly tasty.  All in all, the burger was lovely to look at but basically a disappointment.  Sitting out on the sidewalk is great and the details are all well attended to, but for $16 I want my beautiful burger to taste as good as it looks.  (The fries, thankfully, lived up to their pretty exterior.)  We'll probably go back to try some of the other stuff, based in part on these reviews and in part on how delightful those friend oysters were... but I probably won't get the burger again.
Velvet walls, handcrafted cocktails and a late night menu that includes truffle fries. How can one go wrong? 

While the rest of the street looked quiet this Friday night, Rouge was tittering owith the sounds of beautiful people and liveliness. Their late night menu serves until 1 am and includes vittles of deliciousness including $1 oysters, tuna tartare, gruyere and caramelized onion sliders. 

Service was super friendly and the food came out fast. I can't complain!
This is the go to spot for cougars and young ladies alike. It doesn't matter what night it is, there's always some fine looking ladies sipping martinis or some sparkling wine around the bar.

I am confident in saying that this is the place to go to meet hot women in Rittenhouse Square.

The food is good and service is good. Things are overpriced, although there's usually a price to pay when cougars are involved...
So disappointed! I get their concept. They are trying to be Beauty and Essex in NY. We went at 3pm on a Saturday after the Xmas market. Looking at Yelp and the menu it didn't look too bad. We get there and here is one thing I hate. Brunch only. Why wasn't that on the website, Yelp, anywhere. Don't get me wrong, I like brunch, on a Sunday around 1pm. Not Saturday at 3. I want food not breakfast. 

So anyway. Decor is nice. Which is why they get 2 stars. I didn't want breakfast. In fact on the website before we got there I saw the steak that sounded good. steak and fries. Yum. Nope can't have that on the brunch menu. Had to order the $18 burger ($16 on the regular menu.) no difference. Just brunch you get to pay more. Well that was the most underwhelming burger I have had in years. Too densely packed. Overdone. A side of fries and a one ounce ramekin of ketchup half full. Now I don't drench my burgers in sauce and don't squirt ketchup all over the fries but 1/2 ounce of ketchup? I did just pay $2 more for the same burger can you spare something to put on it? 

Would not go back. Laughable they try to be so pretentious.
Bring your snot nosed friends and grab a table outside.  This restaurant is all about the SCENE.  I tried the "best of" burger, and it was good, although it wasn't anything to write home about.  I'm certainly not going to bring people here for the burgers.  Lots of suits looking to play every single night of the week.  I know, I walk past the restaurant a few times a day.
You'll walk by a million times cause it's right on the east face of the square but when you stop in to eat, you'll thank yourself. I know it comes off as pretentious and the prices are fairly inflated but the service is great, the bathrooms are clean, the bartender is friendly (to everyone) and the food does not disappoint. The hype is around the burger so naturally, we tried everything but. When I finally did order one, I was surprised. The presentation was flawless and it was succulent, juicy, flavorful. I loved it.
Horrible terrible rude manager/host Josh was so inconsiderate and nasty rude attitude ignored me while I stood there waiting to ask for a table then spoke to the people that came in after me. Called a week or two ahead of time to make a reservation was told they do not take reservations for brunch . Was asked by rude Josh if I had a reservation when I got there after he ignored me for ten minutes. Bad customer service .
French Perfection.

I adore all the bistros surrounding the lovely Rittenhouse Square and Rouge is certainly no exception.

Wanting to eat a bit lighter since I'd been stuffing my face with cheesesteaks all week, I went with the heirloom tomato and mozzarella salad and the garlic shrimp.  

The tomato salad was perfection.  Imagine plump, juicy and super flavorful tomatoes with the perfect amount of accompanying basil and fresh mozzarella.  It was lovely and refreshing.

The garlic shrimp were killer.  It's a great lighter dish since it's served with broccoli raab greens.  Loved the flavor.

I also need to pause and appreciate the bread service.  Those crusty rolls served with real French butter sprinkled with salt?  Whoa.  So simple and so delicious.  Let go of your carb aversions and get after this bread.

I'm so into you, Rogue.
I wish I would have tried Rouge sooner!
I dropped by Rouge this past beautiful Saturday for brunch & found it quite delicious & the atmosphere of the restaurant & view of the park both relaxing and entertaining.   
The egg white omelet with crab and goat cheese (my boyfriend's dish) was quite good if slightly bland, but the potatos sided with it were fantastic!  I much preferred my dish of perfectly crisped & breaded chicken in a salad with a very tasty Thai sauce.  mm...I could eat that every day!
Service was impeccable, & I felt comfortable & welcome enough that I easily could have sat there all day taking in all the goings-on.  Shopping called, however.  You ladies will know how that is.

I can't wait to return and try their Rouge Burger, & hopefully snag one of those sought-after outdoor tables while I'm at it!
*One cannot 
think well
love well
sleep well
if one has 
not dined well*
                            -Virginia Woolf

On the perimeter of rittenhouse square lies rouge.  

Spending countless hours (about nine in total), I feel that I can write a definite review of rouge.   The lunch crowd is very eclectic with the random rock star, the birthday bash and the beautiful couple engaging in lunch, shots and cell phones (I think he started it).  

Macaroni and cheese with lumped elderflower marscapone cheese looked inviting.  The burgers are huge and dripping with succulence.   The menu has approximately six glasses of white/red and I went with a 03 Italian, montepulciano, which was pretty nasty and tasted like sparkling cellar floor -not even corked.  The shiraz was bursting with chocolate and currant notes, light bodied and yummy so I had three glasses to confirm.  ..just to be sure I liked it.

The night crowd is more happening and this place seems like the hot spot to be in R Square.  Its nice to spend your day off inside a hip establishment while cherishing the beauty outside sans the chill.  

Everybody loves a good bar fight, even here it screamed Philly.
Simply the closest thing to eating in Paris . No offense to Parc which I also love. They had the street closed off and got to sit right by Rittenhouse Square. Nice rose champagne by the glass, creamy buratta salad and a perfect cheeseburger with fries to die for. Nice service. What a wonderful afternoon.
Had to check out the new and improved Rouge.  I was aways a fan of this place for their burger and decor. 

I started with a salad which was one of the best salads i ever had!!! Hands down... couldn't even stop saying "wow". Lol

I then had the rouge burger which was why i was there in the first place.  The burger was solid, not as "wow" as i remembered it before they closed/reopened however still a solid burger that i would rank in my top 10 in philly.

Worth checking out for lunch or happy hour times
I guess when you hear they have one of the best burgers in town, you walk in with some pretty high expectations.  Unfortunately, they were not met.  

We started with their complimentary bread and butter, which were very fresh and tasty.  

I ordered the burger because of their reputation.  It is more like a meatball, and not easy to eat.  I wouldn't even care about that if it tasted good.  The flavor was lacking and while the carmelized onions did help, it was not really that amazing.  It was cooked to perfection though. I was not able to eat the whole thing, but even still, for the rest of the day I felt like a boa constrictor trying to digest a small child.  It did not make me feel good for a long time after - sick almost.

We also ordered the chocolate chip bread pudding and it was not great.  Maybe one of my top 3 least favorite that I have ever tried.  For a table of 5 people sharing, there was about half of it left, which shows that nobody else really liked it.

The service was superb as I would have imagined.  It has been here for some time, so kudos to them for their success.  I just won't be back.
Ran into this place on a rainy Philly night and had a nice, cozy meal. The service was very relaxed and friendly. Had a wonderful glass of wine and a few small plates to share. We really liked the food and decor of this place. It was pretty evident though that the charm of this place is the outdoor seating and generally for brunch. Next time.
Yeah, it's really pricey, so I don't go all that often.
But I don't know why Zagats and all the other food publications focus on the meat market aspect of it (yeah, there are the requisite Jersey types glitzed up and ready to go) at the expense of putting down the food. The food is excellent! I don't go there for an opportunity to flock around the bar and meet my sugar daddy, but for the excellent, fresh salads and soups (always with lovely seasonal ingredients), the creatively (often) and tastily (always) prepared meats. Also, the sidewalk seating can't be beat. You can sit at your table, watching the whole city pass you by even in the off-season, thanks to the wonderfully powerful heat lamps.
The GOOD:
+Amazing melt-in-your-mouth food. Try the specials--whatever they are!
+Creative and delicious cocktails.
+Outdoor seating on the edge of Rittenhouse Square.

The BAD:
-Dessert.  It's just not that great.
-Placing tables over subway steam vents--just a stupid idea.  Rethink your table arrangement if you need to warn customers--seriously, someone could get burned.

The UGLY:
-Viagra-poppin' gents who bring ladies with fake tots, ugly clothes, and fried blonde hair.
It's true - Rouge delivers high-quality haute cuisine. And I respect them for that. But, I'm still not satisfied.

I tried the three cheese plate. The combination of pungent cheeses, thinly sliced baguette, two fresh bundles of grapes, toasted almonds, apple slices, fig preserves and apricot bits made a delightful party in my mouth. BUT why did they all have to be soft cheeses?! I would have been happier if they let me select the three of my preference for more of a variety (they have a five cheese plate as well). I also sampled the garlic lemon spinach side which, I have to say, was positively mouthwatering.

The problem? It was unworthily overpriced. 
Yes, I know it's Rittenhouse. 
Yes, I know we're paying for the outside park ambiance (speaking of which, DEFINITELY sit outside, not just to get your dose of previously mentioned Ritt-essence but also because the interior is unimpressive & covered in gray curtains? Not sure what that's about).  

...But I also know that $30 for a good-but-not-fantastic lunch is just not my cup of tea.

Au revoir, Rouge friend.
My GF that lives in Philly brought me here, she loves this place as it is , apparently, a great lounge to meet people and have a drink. The place is tiny, so i wasn't that impressed by it, we have good lounges in Miami, i thought.
But i have to say the bar was packed and apperently it is always packed. What is it with people loving to sit by the bar? I am a table girl myself, But they only have a few tables that are so close together the arrangements are kind of weird in layout.
The have al fresco dining but it was so cold outside we could not sit outside. I imagine it would be a good place to sit and people watch.
However, the drinks are nice and we ended up sitting at a table, which you can only use for dinner, so we ordered dinner.
The food was good, we had the scallop risotto and that was really good.
We meet a few friends there and ended up having a good time overall after departing to somewhere else.
I'd say good for a drink and to meet with friends.
I came here for brunch and the place was fairly empty. I'm not sure why because I enjoyed my visit very much. The decor was very tasteful and you can sit on plush couches to eat inside or outside and people watch Rittenhouse. I split a French toast with my friend and I was stuffed after my portion. Everything was well made and fresh. The prices are not that high but considering their portions and that I recommend splitting, this becomes a pretty cheap brunch place. There was no pretentiousness you get at some other places and the wait staff was all very friendly and attentive.
Definite pick-up spot.  Or rather, definitely a spot where men with mid-life crises come to hit on attractive 20-somethings. 

Nice decor (though surprisingly small dining room), and always a buzzing scene regardless of day of week.  Food is suprisingly decent given that this place is more see-and-be-scene than a foodie haven.
Superb ambience on the square for a drink, either outside, at the window, at the bar, or in the corner.  Good spot for cougar hunting.
I agree with the previous cougar comments and the general upscale meat market feel (I'm not talking like DiBruno's either).  But we went for drinks and bar food Friday and had a blast.  The bartender was AWESOME.  We split a burger and it was yummy -- so were the fries and Im not a fries girl.  The other food looked pretty good too but I was more worried about my cocktails at that point so half a burger would have to do.  
I didn't realize it was such a pick up spot but I guess that's how out of that loop I am.  But it was so much fun Friday that I can't wait to go back!
So my friend and I came here for a day trip to Philadelphia from NYC. 
On 18th Street there were about 3 other choices for dining-we unfortunately picked this one.  I had a bad feeling about this place because all the other places we passed were nice a full and this one was empty...we later found it was empty for a reason. 
 
We went up to the hostess stand-I thought this was odd...the restaurant overall looked nice...so the 2 hostesses that greeted us...one was wearing a orange T-shirt...like an actual t-shirt and a denim blue skirt with sneakers...then her co hostess looked like she was wearing a outfit to go out clubbing.

So right off the top my friend and I walked up and it was a nice day and we asked if we could sit at one of the window tables. The 2 hostesses said that they save the tables for table of 3 or more (they were NOT busy-there were at least 5 tables open 2 of them at the window). So they sat us in a weird corner. but then during our meal I noticed the hostess were sitting other parties of 2 in window seats. So basically club girl and her partner in crime are liars. 

The menu looked pretty good. too bad our waiter knew nothing about it...he didn't know things like what meals came with? He had to leave us several times to "ask" which was ok but he really didn't seem to know anything. 

When our food came it was presented really nicely then we started eating our appetizer which was calamari...the top was good and then my friend dipped his fork in for another piece and he picked up a ring of calamari and a very long light brown curly strand of hair...I have blonde hair and my friend had black hair....so...not ours. So we flagged over the waiter and we showed him the hair well, he didn't seem to know what to do with it or who to find to ask what he should do-he kept on walking all over the place with the bowl (dude take it to the kitchen and quit walk all over the floor of the restaurant and asking everyone about the hair). The manager person did come over and and ask us about it...my friend is the one who made the "complaint" and when she came over and said this "So, I hear we have a problem here." and she just glared at me and was laser focused on me... So she did take it off the check but we had to ask her to do so. We also ordered the truffle fries or should I say Truffle potato pieces? There wasn't one regular sized french fry in the bunch? They were all the size of one regular french fry cut up into 3 pieces...The rest of our meal was good no hairs but it was a little plain. 
The pours on drink are very weak...very very week I generally get straight vodka with ice and it even tasted watered down...I think the bartender left the glass sitting the ice melted then he poured the vodka...my friends drink was the same way but the waiter was more than happy to charge him another extra $11.00 for the extra shot.

There are plenty of other places to eat in this are...find one of those you will be happier...even a fast food place will make you happier...Wheres the nearest Chipotle?
Well, I gotta say, it could have been so much better. But unfortunately it was not. Today I was in town to meet a friend for a cigar @ Mahogany and pick up some hand made chocolate truffles for the better half's birthday. Since I hadn't eaten since breakfast @ 7 am, by noon I was ready for some grub. So, we decided to walk down to RIttenhouse to grab a bite.

We walked by Rouge and there were a ton of people outside enjoying brunch. One gentleman had French Toast that looked awesome so we decided, why not here? We were seated immediately inside, since it looked like rain we didn't wanna take a chance, and perused the menu.

Since I already had breakfast and this joint was new to me, I decided to play it safe an order the burger. I've heard they were great and if you can't make a burger correctly, how could I trust you to make anything else? Told the server that I wanted a burger, cooked medium with NO onions. Sorry, just not a fan. So, what do you think happened? Sure enough, my burger came out with onions. Sorry, but if you're gonna charge $16 for a burger, please bring it out the way I ordered it. But, no big deal, they didn't taste terrible. The burger was cooked perfectly (I should've taken a pic) and was just what I needed this afternoon. 

The bigger crime in my opinion, were the fries. If I had a heart condition, these would have killed me. Way, way, way to salty. My friend joked that it was like the lid to the salt shaker came off during seasoning and they decided fuck it, send them out cause we don't feel like making another batch. Horrible especially when you are charging those prices. 

I also have to mention that our server was kinda aloof. Only stopped back one time. My friend ordered a mimosa. That came with the check, or about 10-15 min after he ordered it. She just didn't really seem to care.  Not at all what I expected. Very disappointed. Not saying I wouldn't go back there again, but it would definitely not be my first choice for lunch/dinner in Rittenhouse.
Dinner Review.

Dropped by on my latest trip to Philly.

Sat at the bar -- Tom was the waiter. Told him I was considering the Herb Roasted Chicken Breast. He said it was fantastic. So I ordered it.

Being freshly made, he said it'd take about 20-25 minutes -- he was right. In the mean time though, Tom always made sure my water glass was filled, and without me asking, offered to get me olive oil for my bread when I said I didn't need butter.

Tom was an excellent bartender.

The food. Was. Fantastic. Always hesitant to order chicken breast anything anywhere due to high likelihood of dryness, I was not disappointed at all. Definitely on the pricey side for entree and drink. But DEFINITELY a good meal.

Definitely considering going back for the $16 burger.
Cool spot but beware of very rude male bartender . Asked him for a julep since it's derby day and he gave me a dirty look and ignored me
As a woman traveling by myself I did not feel welcomed here. Previously the blond behind the bar has been very hospitable but the brunette tonight NEVER Acknowledged me! I finally had to cancel my order and ask for the check (in a very nice, subtle way). She just threw it down without saying "thank you" or even "here you go". I walked back to my hotel feeling very disrespected. As a professional woman I want to feel the place in inviting and friendly, I did not feel that way tonight. If you're a WOMAN TRAVELING ALONE DO NOT GO TO THIS BAR/RESTAURANT. I often travel to Philly, but will never come back here. 

hopefully this helps the next one
Yay another great lunch spot in the city for a more formal lunch. It is super adorable inside and has an awesome cozy old time feel. I loved my chicken and mashed potatoes and everyone else loved their entrees as well. I LOVE that their menu has one of each type of dish so it's not too overwhelming with choices and will appeal to any pallet, and it sounds like each dish has been perfected (tons of hearty salad options, and also fish tacos, scallops, steak, tuna, salmon, sandwich and burger entrees - everyone will find something!). Finally, we got most of the desserts (excuse the half eaten pictures, I was obviously too excited and forgot to take pics). The chocolate cake was a bit too chocolaty and bitter for me but that was everyone's favorite, I liked tres leches the best and the bread pudding was pretty good, the caramel sauce made it.

Overall perfect spot for out of towners since it has great views of Rittenhouse, delicious simple every type of food and great service and none of the stuffy atmosphere of near by places.
Rouge was nothing like what I was expecting. Based on the price of the menu and its location, I expected something a bit like Parc - a bit fancy-schmancy, hoity-toity, overpriced and formal. Rouge was not that. It was more like what would happen if you had an old gay grandfather and he had a house party and everyone woke up in the morning and he served them Bloody Marys and mimosas at the counter bar in his kitchen while some of his friends ate breakfast on overstuffed chairs in his livingroom. Which was a little weird but also pretty much exactly what I want my life to be like when I am an old woman. 

The bartender - Tommy - was friendly and chatty. The Bloody Mary was good, although I wish the horseradish wasn't already in the mix since it was a bit spicy for me. The steak and eggs was good - a good portion of steak, cooked exactly how I ordered it, good hollandaise sauce but not poured over everything (personal breakfast pet peeve), well-cooked eggs. I got the parmesan truffle fries and they were kind of like crack. I'm sure they're great with a burger or on their own or whatever, but dipped into egg yolks? Mmm. 

If you wake up alone with a hangover on a Saturday morning, brunch here will help lift your spirits. If you wake up with someone else, with or without that hangover, on a Saturday morning - bring her here. It's a nice place to have a drink and some food while you figure out who she is and where you picked her up.
Food and drinks are great! Mushroom toast was delicious and apparently the chicken liver was good. While the mushroom toast came out quickly (before our drinks) the chicken liver took much longer. Given that it was just bread with Spread it is crazy how long it took.  
But the reason for the three stars was the service. We waited for three tables that were seated after us to then ask for a server come wait on us. And after very long waits for drinks and food, the credit card was charged twice. Just a series of unfortunate service issues. Once they figure the service out this will be great Spot on the square.
I love this place. First off, you have to understand that I am a person that loves brunch. The only thing I love more than brunch is brunch with drinks (which is generally the only way I do it). Rouge combines good food, a great bar, and fantastic people watching to create the kind of place where I could just waste an entire day.

The food is flavorful and tasty. While it was standard brunch fare (we had Eggs Benedict and an omelet), it was very well done. The location can't be beat, with the buzz of Rittenhouse Square all around you. If you haven't been to Rouge, do yourself a favor and go soon!
The scenery is as pretty as Paris, but the attitude is definitely French. I used to think this was a NY thing, but even Philly has its fair share of bad servers. 20 lashes to the manager who hired the 12/14/08 3:30pm staff!!! Your hospitality department is in dire need of an overhaul!

We were awed by such beautiful interior the moment we walked in. It was beige all over with gold details on the walls and velvet curtains flowing in every corner. At the center is a round marble bar surrounded by an attractive fashion conscious crowd. Evidently, this is the place to see and be seen. It would be nice to sip on a martini and people watch the day away. 

Strike 1: 
The hostess made up her mind about us as soon as we stepped inside. Since we're only two ladies, she suggested we take the table by the cold and drafty entrance. There were 5 empty tables in the back! What's the logic for insulting customers at such an awkward late lunch hour? After a diva moment on our part, the hostess reluctantly gave us a prime spot by the window. It had a great view of Rittenhouse Square. 

Strike 2: 
The server finally came by to take our order.  For an appetizer, I ordered the bacon wrapped escargot. My friend ordered the mango summer roll, but asked for a different sauce on the side since she was allergic to mangos. Our server's eyes rolled up and it was followed by a deep sigh. Did we offend anyone here? She departed into the kitchen & came back with a fake smile..."Can I recommend a mild wasabi sauce with a lemon twist to go with your summer roll?" We didn't like wasabi, but we settled on it since we did not want to see the eyes roll up again. 

Now on to the food...

The bacon wrapped escargot was very tasty, but it was also a small portion of 5 nugget sized pieces. The summer roll was mediocre, but the lemon spiked wasabi gave it an interesting flavor. It wasn't as sharp as I thought it would be.

For an entree, I had the signature Rouge Burger with gruyere cheese, caramelized onions, and pommes frites. I loved the fries! The burger itself had a semi sweet maple flavor. The beef patty was so thick & juicy the bun kept sliding around in my hands. They say this is the best burger in town, but I have yet to try to the Standard Tap burger which nabbed the top spot on CitySearch this year. 

My friend had the grilled swordfish with wild mushrooms, lentils, mire poix, and mushroom vinagrette. There wasn't much flavor to it, but it was edible overall.

Food: 4 stars
Service: 1 star 
Decor: 5 stars
Overall: 3.5 stars

I wouldn't mind coming back here in the evening for cocktails when there is more of a buzz going on. I'm sure there will be plenty of people watching to keep myself entertained. I would like to see a newer and friendlier staff by then.
Rouge's creator and founder, Neil Stein, is a crazy genius.  Now that Starr owns it, it's lost a star (oh yes, the pun).  Still a fancy looking, upscale restaurant on THE square, but its service and "je ne sais quoi" have lost some of its sparkle.  Same applies to the Striped Bass.  Nevertheless, scene-sters and wannabe scene-sters (I can't tell the difference) love this staple of Rittenhouse.

Food is delicious.  Mussels are top quality.  Great view right on the Square for people watching, sunlight, trees, grass, and dogs.
I finally lost my Rouge virginity over brunch with a view of the square.

Sat outside on a Saturday at noon and enjoyed the mushroom truffle scramble accompanied by a very well made Bloody Mary. Can't beat the people watching, and the service is quick and accommodating. 

The eggs benedict here are great, too. Nice portion sizes and the ambiance can't be beat. I'll be back, especially with warm weather upon us..
I have been curious about Rouge for a long time, I was apprehensive about trying it considering they do not take reservations, and was concerned that they would be very busy and have a long wait. However when walking past the restaurant I was delighted to see that there were several open tables. 

Upon entering the atmosphere was very luxurious and had a elegant feel to it. However it is a very small space, the hostess seated us at a table which was right adjacent to the bar area, it didn't leave much room for comfort. I inquired about the 3 open tables by the window which were open, but was told "they are spoken for". For a place that "doesn't" take reservations this was disheartening. 

We decided to stay even though the hostess seemed to have an attitude at this point. We ordered the Rouge Burger and the Gnocchi. The burger was delicious, however I think it was very overpriced. The burger ended up being $18, and the Gnocchi was delicious but also overpriced for the serving. 

The sever was very pleasant and attentive with our drinks, however disappeared when it was time to take the check. Overall, the food was good but overpriced and the hostess's attitude was unnecessary considering how many excellent restaurants there are in the area for either the same money or less. Those tables sat empty for our entire meal, and other patrons left the restaurant because they wouldn't seat them at those tables instead of packing them in like sardines. I only gave it 2 stars because the food and server was good. I used the email on the website about our seating/hostess issue and received no response. 

I won't be returning there ever again.
One of my alltime favorite restaurants. Rouge is very close to our office, and we have probably eaten there 100 times. I like it every time. It's funny how people do the cutdown thing about the patrons -- I go most of the time in a black t-shirt and jeans (we have an agency) and that works fine with people who are in bespoke. There's a good mix at Rouge.

I agree that Tommy, the bartender, is the best. He is efficient and entertaining. The waitstaff is excellent. We went last night with some friends and I can say we had another great time sitting inside in front of the windows. 

As an added bonus: You can see a lot of Philadelphia and out-of-town glitterati at Rogue. But it's no big deal because they're there so often. What does that tell you?
I love a burger and a beer and as EVERYONE in Philly knows, this place has one of the best.  Sure it's double the price of a burger anywhere else but it's worth it.

Rather than rehash what all the other reviewers said I'll leave it at that.  kathy t has a good review that gives you the low-down on the burger scene.
Ate lunch here with my wife during the week, we each got a burger and sat outside watching all the people walk around the street and square. A little pricey, but hey, you are paying for the experience I guess.
The burger is good, but Do not try to order a medium-well burger. It will come out medium-rare, but half an hour after the medium-rares do. =(
The kitchen will kindly split the burger on two plates for wimpy eaters and give you an extra pickle. Fancy fruity cocktails available, but none have stood out for me.

Service ranges from competent and friendly to standoffish and snooty. Lots of interesting chichi people watching.
Come for the drinks, leave if you want food. Rouge's outdoor seating is beautifully decorated and really adds to the experience of eating by the park. I'd previously been for a night cap and figured I'd stop by to check out their food. We ordered the chicken and fish sandwich with an order of fries. They were both pretty horrible. There is other stuff on the menu, but given our experience with the simple sandwiches I wouldn't recommend trying it. In short, go for the drinks/ambiance and avoid the food.
I went to Rouge a few nights ago, and as always, had a wonderful experience. I ordered the Rouge Burger, which is thick and juicy, topped with caramelized onions, Gruyere Cheese and a Challah bun. I upgraded from the Pomme Frites that comes with the burger, to the Truffle Fries, which were amazing.

When the weather is nice I like to sit outside because Rouge is a great spot for people watching. It's right in the middle of Rittenhouse Square, which is always a nice place to spend an evening. The service was very friendly and attentive. Our waitress came around pretty consistently to check on us.

I would describe the ambiance as warm and inviting. It's a very popular spot, and Rouge is not that big, so it can get crowded at times. The lights are low and the decor, with the outdoor seating, circular marble bar and chandelier, is swanky, but intimate.

Their menu has a good variety to choose from. I usually go with the burger, but they also have Lamb Meatballs, which are incredible, Welsh Rarebit Mac and Cheese, which everyone raves about, Tilapia Tacos, which I had once and quite enjoyed, and Herb Roasted Chicken, to name a few.

I definitely recommend Rouge. The food is delicious, the location, Rittenhouse Square is one of the hottest areas in Philly, and the atmosphere is fun and lively.
A fixture on Rittenhouse Square for over a decade, Rouge offers an unrivaled lounging experience in a cozy, ritzy space, and like George Costanza, is not afraid to drape itself in velvet.

I could say Rouge suffers from multiple personality disorder or call it a jack of all trades and master of none--but Rouge wears its many hats well, and it's this unique ability that defines it as the apogee of the Square. From brunching outside on a beautiful Sunday morning, to meeting friends after work for a few drinks, mingling with the upscale, eclectic late night crowd, or the start or finish of a romantic evening, Rouge turns on a dime to deliver an experience that suits the moment. 

The Rouge Burger, a legend in Philadelphia, will melt in your mouth, the cheese plate, so bountiful it's like they stole Zeus' cornucopia and dumped it in your lap, and the Macaroni & Cheese...well I don't think it comes from a blue box. The deft bartenders make a mean martini and the clientele won't fail to satisfy your sartorial curiosities. For these reasons, it's often crowded, but always worth the wait.

Lounging, brunching, dining, and drinking; there's no wrong way to Rouge.
Walked by this place so many times heading towards Parc and never got a chance to stop in until recently.  The interior was really nice and cozy, completely different from Parc.
Started off with a drink made from peanut butter washed rye, think it was called police and thieves.  It was amazing.  Perfectly balance, strong and no burn.
Ordered the scallop entree.  The scallops were prepared perfectly.  Large scallops with a nice sear.

will definitely return
So I used to go here something like 15 years ago when the clientele was a bunch of twenty something tech hipsters and Sex & the City wannabes. (Yeah, including me - the tech hipsters, that is.) it always amazes me to see places still going strong that I frequented 15 years ago. The clientele sure has changed! But I digress...

There are a million amazing places in Philly I'd have liked to check out - I used to live here but live on the West Coast now. But we were short on time and starving as we walked through Rittenhouse, so Rouge it was!

We went on a weekday afternoon so it wasn't busy - though our food took surprisingly long to come out given how few people were there. 

Service was good, good was just slow. Sitting outside people-watching was fun. Also surprising how little honking by Rittenhouse there is these days. 

Food was good, though! I got the Bibb & Endive salad and shrimp dumplings, both were satisfying.  Husband got scallops over risotto that was delicious (I may have tried a bite.) All in all, a decent lunch.
After the new renovations I'm not a fan. I LOVED the old Rouge. I think the new Rouge is a no for me. The old round bar gave an unusual ambiance looking out over the park. One where you could see the park where ever you sat. The new menu is ok- nothing special. Over all, it probably won't be my go to anymore. I used to go for the vibe and round about seating area which gave it a vintage feel. There's really nothing special about it anymore.
WOW. WOW. WOW. I'm so glad my friends and I were able to get a reservation at Rouge to celebrate our friend's birthday. Both the food and the vibes were amazing! 

I know they're accepting smaller reservations on Resy, but on a Sunday afternoon, I honestly doubt you'd wait long for a table. Their outdoor display is STUNNNN-INGGGG. The fall colors and leaves were perfectly curated and the tent was filled with heat lamps to keep their guests warm.

The group decided mostly on brunch items, like their French toast and Eggs Benny, but I'd love to come back and try their oysters and charcuterie boards. My friend actually had a problem with her food, and we politely brought it to the staff's attention and it was taken care of swiftly and without question. Someone even came over afterwards to make sure everything was okay afterwards. We had a rather large group (thank you Rouge for accommodating, we REALLY appreciate it!!!) and felt very well attended to and taken care of. 

11/10 would recommend and I cannot wait to come back and check out their decorations for the wintertime and try other menu items. Very very impressed!
Review long overdue! Just recently came across these pictures from a visit to Rouge, figured I would jump on and give well deserved compliments. Ambiance was great, we sat by one of the windows...music in the background was pleasant, the staff provided professional and friendly. Food was phenomenal, missing a few more pictures of the other items but the drinks and appetizer selections we made were outstanding. Looking forward to go back next time we come to town. Hope all is going well for you and your staff through this pandemic.
I have been here twice now. Once for a company holiday lunch and recently for drinks. Both times service was awful. My boss sent back his steak three times! How embarrassing for the poor guy to have to do this in front of everyone he works with. 

The most recent time was this past Saturday with a group of friends. We ordered drinks, appetizers, and water. My lone water came but no one else was brought water!!...I jokingly asked my friends if they wanted a sip. Lol. 
When I mentioned to the waiter about 10 minutes later that everyone had ordered water, he gave me a huge amount of attitude. It took another 15 minutes for him to bring everyone water-seriously?? It's hot out and the restaurant was not even full. There were several empty tables...

We finally ordered and the waiter brought drinks about 20 minutes later. Only one person at our table of 5 liked their drink and we each tasted each other's...not even not good but bad!!! Bitter and distasteful. 

I went to the bathroom (which for a nice place like Rouge is a quite a sore sight). Small dingy bathroom, with old half working fixtures. No place to hang or put your purse or bag (it's a big no no to make people put it on the icky floor!) the faucet handle does not turn off unless you balance it into the middle?, the air hand dryer blower thingy is gross and has black standing water in the bottom. There was smashed glass in the front of the toilet-not sure what happened in there before I had the privilege of being in there. 
This is supposed to be a nice place! 
Everyone at the table started complaining about the awful service so we decided it was time to leave and will not be back.
Food:
Ordered rouge burger, truffle fries, and seasonal pumpkin gnocchi. The burger was cooked medium rare as requested but fell apart instantly as the buns absorbed the juice. The pattie  was really thick and juicy yet somehow the burger still ended up being dry. 

We ordered truffle fries but were given plain fries. They were replaced and on the house. The truffle fries weren't any different though. I found the fries over cooked and dry. Truffle flakes didn't make them any better. 

Gnocchi was a small but heavy dish. Full of flavor but way too much flavor. Needed something simple and clean to pair with it. Has a hint of Asian cuisine flavors.

Service:
Slow server. He got our order wrong but apologized and replaced the fries on the house.
I still dream about the opportunity of eating another Rouge Burger.  It's no wonder it made Maxim Magazine's list of best burgers.
For better or for worse I have been doing to this place since it opened.   It had its ups, it had its downs... Probably about four years ago its dfood/dt became negative.  Bar stayed great... and since contrary to popular belief the number of decent brunch places in the center city where one can blow a few hours every weekend is actually quite small I kept going ... and going... and going.

It is as if a few months ago a light bulb went off in someone's head. That someone must have thought "There was a time when food at Rouge did not suck! There was a time when burger if ordered medium rare came out medium rare and not raw! There was a time when during brunch one did not have to figure out how Israeli salad ended up next to inedible calmari-type thing  because neither of those things would have been on a menu to begin with! We must bring a chef that cooks food instead of hitting on the guests! Even better, why not bring a chef that used to run it!" 

The food improvements are magnificent - the yolks of eggs Benedict actually run when cut, tuna tartare has taste, the brunch menu no longer resembles the creation of a dropout from culinary arts school after a week-long bender.  See, it only took getting a real chef (M. Yeamans) , who , dare I say it, prefers cooking to sitting like a peacock in front of the restaurant which the previous "rebel"-chef was famous for.  Slowly but surely it is getting back where it should have always been.
The interior of Rouge is one of my favorite things. Just the right amount of velour to make it borderline gaudy, without going over the top.

Service was great during a busy lunch period. They allowed my mom and I to split the burger. The tricky part of this is that my mom is gluten-free and they made my half of the burger still on the bun.

Fries were delicious. Wine was excellent.
I LOVE the burger at rouge. Sometimes I even wake up after dreaming about it... LOL. The ambience is perfect if u sit outside.. youre right on rit house sq and sure to see who's who of philly stroll by or be even sitting next to you enjoying their own burger. the service IMO is just OK... alot of times the servers will congregate by the entrance and be chatting and laughing which just takes away from the whole experience.

the cheese plate is a great choice for an app if u just want to go there for a pre din drink and snack. sitting outside at rouge or on the inside/outside spot is fantastic; however, sitting at the tables all the way inside reallyreally pale in comparison. If rouge could expand i think theyd really go up a level. when i sat inside once it was so dark i couldnt see the menu well and i have almost 20/20 perfect vision.. 

this review so far seems negative but i really do think rouge is a great spot to stop with friends for a drink!! they really just need a face lift of the interior and some fresh training for the staff. the potential is endless in their prime location.

oh and the truffle fries are amazing dont go without getting an order!! 

buon appetito! :)
I haven't tried their burgers yet, but I did have their dinner for restaurant week. They had some great seafood dishes, such as the lobster bisque, the salmon, and the strawberry sorbet will wake up your taste buds :). 

Interior was surprisingly small. I did not know it was so little. The bar area seemed pretty crowded often too. But nonetheless, it was a nice atmosphere... not much privacy due to the tightness of the seats, though :).
Yesterday's dinner devours come all the way from @98rouge Rogue Philadelphia. This establishment is located on 18th St. between Walnut in Locust. Upon arriving this establishment office both indoor and outdoor dining. Both experiences are simply extraordinary. The outdoor dining as sad as if you are in a winter cabin yet still outdoors. The indoor dining is set as if you're eating in a elegant restaurant. The bathrooms are really spacious and very very clean. My server/waiter was very helpful and she was able to walk me through the menu it was very attentive and patient with me. What's my service starting out with a great start, I ordered the shrimp cocktail that came with jumbo shrimp, lemon and garlic, classic cocktail sauce with celery, and a shallot salad. I then also ordered the oysters on the half shell by which came with Champagne mignonette, house made hot sauce, vinegar, and classic cocktail sauce. The shrimp was absolutely huge! They were actually delicious with the lemon and the Charlotte salad. The oysters when they were dressed up with the housemaid hot sauce and vinegar and cocktail sauce and lemon were absolutely amazing. They were worth every dollar I spent. If you ever find yourself downtown wanting small eats that were affordable yet really intriguing? Please check out @98rouge Rogue on 18th St. and Center City Philadelphia. Oh and hey, let them know Shimmy sent you!  #food #foodie #foodphotography #foodstagram #foodblogger #philadelphia #philly #shrimp #water #beer #menu #table #outdoors #indoor #dining #selflove #lemon #cocktail #vinegar #oysters #hotsauce
Was in Philadelphia this week on business and thought what better time to try to follow up on GQ magazine's list of "the 20 hamburgers you must eat before you die".  Rouge has #4 on the list.  So like a woman on a mission- I sought out my prey.

Rouge is charming.  A Parisian style bistro located right on the edge of Rittenhouse Square.  It was a beautiful spring day and the windows were open to the park and all the people hoping to see and be seen were at this place.  We wanted to sit outside but there were no tables large enough for our group of 5 so we ended up inside.  This was okay with us as the bar is unique with its scalloped edge and there are silk curtains hanging ceiling to floor adding to the overall ambiance of the place.  In two words- lovely and unexpected!

But enough of the frivolities- back to the burger.  The Rouge Burger is $15 and comes simply with carmelized onions and cheese.   There is leaf lettuce and tomato on the side and the pommes frites that accompany it are also quite good.  

Now this review is only based on half of the burger (I am assuming the other half was just as good!)  but this thing was HUGE!  It had to be at least a half a pound of beef!  Order it medium rare and you have a thing of beauty.  Mmmm, mmmm, It definitely belongs on this list!

Oh, we also tried to balance out our meat fetish with some salad- the arugula lunch salad was good as was the salad nicoise.  A "heads up" on the nicoise "salad"  there is no lettuce- more like a piece of grilled tuna and sliced eggs, etc.

The funniest part of the lunch was here were 5 women sitting around a table each with the biggest burger in the world in front of them and the men sitting around us in their fancy business suits were nibblin' on salads!  We got quite a chuckle from it. 

Rouge is definitely on my return list the next time I am in Philly.  Now, only 19 more burgers to go on the list!
The food is good, the location is good and the service was also good. You get what you pay for at Rouge and it seems fair. I had heirloom tomato salad with mozarella cheese and my very handsome friend had the lunch portioned scallops. Both items are just enough to fill you up and the price range isn't so bad - the scallops I believe were $14 for 2pcs of medium sized scallops and moral mushrooms+asparagus and the tomato salad was $13...I think. We had a couple drinks, too. I don't know a whole a lot about wine but I drink wine occasionally and I really like their wine list. Praise Jovly Vouvray!!

The venue is pretty tiny but everything is velvet and makes you feel like you should be snobby and pretentious. So I did. :p

P.S. I know Rouge burger is big and delish but I did not get this because I could always get them at 500 degrees. ;)
good for a slightly (but not too) upmarket sort of meal.

portions were pretty small, but the food was good. i especially adore the seafood risotto. 

i came at night and the lighting inside was a little too dark for my liking (i like to be able to see the people i'm talking to clearly, as well as the food that i'm eating) but otherwise, come here for the food!
Possibly one of the best burgers in Philadelphia. The price of it may turn you off but you must give it a try. We are usually regulars at Rouge when the time permits. The atmosphere is great and warm and the people are wonderful. The menu also features a petite sirloin that will make your mouth literally water. When you are finished with dinner order the carrot cake for dessert you definitely will not go wrong. Give it a try if you are in the Rittenhouse Square area.
Rouge Bar Score: 21

Burger Quality: 5
Bun: 4
Fries: 4
Extras:  4
Value: 4

2 Sentence Review: Great burger...you will taste the seasoning on the fries for days.  Atmosphere is similar to my Aunt Pats dining room.
 
------------------------------------------- 
How does Burger Einstein's rating system work? 
- Burgers are rated across 5 categories (see below) 
- Category scores can range from 0 to 5, with 5 being "Outstanding".   
- Total score (out of 25) is determined.  Scores above 20 earn 5 Stars (rare), between 16 and 20 gets 4 stars and so on 
 
Burger Einstein Categories 
1. Burger Quality: Good meat or Bubba Burger? 
2. Bun: Does it compliment the burger or overwhelm it?   
3. Fries: Do I accept the guilt or compare them to my Ex 
4. Extras: Wild card.  Could range from Cheese to bourbon to atmosphere 
5. Value: Burger cost relative to smiles (heavily influenced by how much bourbon I drink)
I visited Rouge with a friend for Sunday brunch.  The typical brunch type options on the menu weren't too enticing, so I opted for something more lunchy on the menu  and ordered the lamb burger.  The burger was huge and impossible to eat as an actual sandwich, so I ended up having to cut it up. The burger by itself was good, cooked well and juicy. The bread was soggy though, the lettuce limp and the tzaziki sauce not too flavorful.  It came with fries which were overly salty for my liking.  The mimosa was fine, but really how can you mess up a mimosa?

The service was decent but honestly I don't get the appeal of this place.  I don't mind spending a few extra bucks for a nice meal and a fancy atmosphere, but the food here does not warrant the price.   Brunch options were minimal and overpriced.   Maybe it's better for dinner and a view, if you can snag a table outside when the weather is nice.
Dinner here on an uncrowded Sunday night was really chill and enjoyable. You walk into the sumptuous but unstuffy dining room and think: "ahhhhhh. relax time! and why yes I think I'll have a martini." 

Server was cool. Calamari for our appetizer was the best thing about the meal and so fresh n' so clean clean tasting we got 2 of 'em. Crispy, fresh sea taste, could've used maybe a pinch more salt. 

My french onion soup (I always look forward to french onion soup) wasn't the richest tasting version I've ever had. I kept taking multiple slurps thinking, "ok, the next one will be a burst of onion-y goodness, " but sadly no. There was plenty of melted Gruyere cheese, but hadn't been crisped up under the broiler quite long enough. 

I got the famous burger that everyone raves about but surprisingly it was kinda bland,  and at 16 bucks, a little $$$ey.  It was HUGE but the patty was pretty underseasoned and the ground beef sort of had a strange consistency... I can't really describe it,  but let me put it this way: I had 2 bites where I might have bitten into some kind of gristle that found its way into the burger. Yeah, weird. Anyway, the bun was tasty and fries were REALLY nicely crisped and salted just right. I had to ask for a side of mayonnaise which is always annoying. Um, who eats their burgers plain? Yeah, no one. 

Mishaps aside, it's a relaxing place and I could see myself falling into one of the comfy booths maybe one night a week if I lived here.
GQ named Rouge's burger one of the 20 you must eat before you die.
If you are in Philly and still alive, I think you better head to the Square.

In warm weather (and even fall with heat lamps lining the sidewalk) diners eat outside, Fido by their side. Brunch here is incredible, as is breakfast. I would skip dinner, however, and wait until the late night drinking crowd arrives -- always an attractive scene.
Ok, so I made it back to Rouge, this time to actually eat, and the food here basically sucked. Normally, when I get inebriated and order four things on the menu for myself, I expect at least one of them to be good. This really was not the case. Admittedly though, the service was great, and because it's in the same building as my apartment, I'll consider going back...but probably only for drinks.

Lobster bisque: Seriously, what kind of idiot messes up something as glorious as lobster bisque? Yes, you expect them to skimp on the chunks of lobster meat, that's a given...but this typical shortcoming was not offset by awesomely delicious, robust flavor. BLAND BLAND BLAND. Just a little sweet, no salty, no savory, no anything else - I've had better Campbell's soup for god sake.

Crab cake: Equally as disappointing. The presentation was there, but not much else. Soggy, no flavor, just blah...I was much more excited to be eating the bed of tomato/corn/other veggies with verjus, which on a more positive note, was light, refreshing and flavorful. The size of the crab cake itself was generous. 

Chocolate and Peanut Butter Tart- Meh, another miss. This was dry and could have passed as a frozen dessert. I want to indulge and be inspired by dessert - this was boring and though slightly original, failed in execution and should be revamped. 
Panna cotta- Given that I can't remember if this had strawberry or raspberry speaks to how unremarkable this dish was as well. Light and good, but certainly not delicious. Also, the texture was grainy, yet another mark off for inattention to detail. 

Final verdict: Rouge is a very good place to venture to if you want to see or be seen...but culinarily speaking, it's second-rate.
What I go to Rouge for is the burger. It's right on Rittenhouse Square and when the weather is nice, it's beautiful to sit outside in one of the chairs with a burger and fries and people watch the day away. 

The burger is on a challah roll, with caramelized onions, and gruyere cheese. The burger itself is piled high... very high. You basically have to unlock your jaw to take a bite. The patty itself must be several inches thick.  The burger is juicy and cheesy, and the onions are sweet and go well with the burger. The fries are also very good here.

Definitely a must try if you're a burger fan.
California snobby meets cool Philly meets New York's Bleeker Street nomz. That's the only way I could describe the feeling of the restaurant. Cool, yet cozy. Active, yet laid back. All parts stylish and wonderfully simplistic. A great place to people watch. 

The menu looks like it is seasonally changed, ensuring foodies there's always something new. The ever popular signature items remain as so - a quiet comfort in the midst of new and ever changing tastes.

Through a recommendation from my colleague who is a local Philly(Ian?), he suggested I try the Rouge Burger. This was after I asked him what stands out in Philly? What would you eat if you could quickly choose one thing in 10 seconds? And so there I was, a table for one, enjoying some delicious warm bread and triangular butter. All around me were people meeting for drinks, a couple who looked as if they've had a long day, stressed out colleagues ranting. But one thing that was almost universal in all its glory - everyone humming praises for their food once they started on it. All of a sudden, debits and credits didnt matter, board meetings a memory of the past. Long forgotten. So much so that when I took a bite of my burger, i had forgotten I was there for work and my taste buds were literally cheering as I envisioned moving here and befriending the chefs. Greasy-ish, but perfectly smooth. The buns were made of a brioche bread type thing, slightly sweet. The meat was perfectly cooked and juicy, the gruyere cheese a bitter yet poignant taste to compliment the burger. 

Would loved to have had a second stomach to try their other signatures but alas, I mustn't ruin what was a perfect ending to my day. To say I'll come back again is a true understatement and should be offensive.
I was a college idealist barbacking at Rouge to subsidize my art historical leanings. Working here was a nightmare: I was the worst barback Philadelphia has ever seen, and this late-night hot spot made for some very long nights. I hated serving steaming hot burgers and frites to gaggles of partiers. I wanted to consume everything I put on their tables --- the butter, the mussels, the champagne...eight years later, I ate my first meal as a paying customer.

In town for a conference, I arrived late in Philly and knew of only one place that would serve me decent food on a snowy Saturday. I ordered a Plymouth and ginger to fend off the chill. I helped myself to the delicious butter and bread I used to sneak during my long nights, and used it to mop up the broth from the mussels. And I couldn't believe it --- the mussels were amazing. I figured my college inexperience made the food look and smell better than it was. But now that my palette is more refined than the mac 'n cheese and top ramen I used to crave, I can safely say these mussels ranked among the best I've ever had. The waitresses all made it look so much easier than I'd remembered. My old nemesis had softened throughout the years. 
The gin probably didn't hurt, either.
Here you can- Fine dine at their posh bar, intimate seating or limited al fresco seating.  Great for dates or meeting up with friends, can also come solo. 

Located along a row of restaurants across from Rittenhouse square park. You may see alot of older men with younger women here, but the people watching is great nonetheless. 


My ratings are based on a 5 star scale. Where 1 star is tragic and 5 star is Ouwww terrific! 

Overall ratings- 5 star
Customer service- 4.5 star
Food taste- 5 star 
Food portions- 3 star
Drinks- 5 stars
Decor- 5 stars. Posh French decor
Ambiance- 5 stars. People watching here is great.
As I was walking, I came upon this establishment. It caught my eye because of the outdoor seating. It had the usual Philly vibe, with the veranda, tastefully decorated with artificial hanging vines. The staff was welcoming and I was seated in an Adirondack chair, with a table awkwardly placed and difficult to reach once my drink and food arrived. I ordered shrimp cocktail, though I kept eying the delicious looking,  gigantic hamburger another patron was eating. I simply did not want to end up with it in my lap. And the man was holding his food because of the table situation. Anyway I just dealt with it and got something easier to handle. It did not disappoint. I'll return for the hamburger and sit in a more seat. Oh I only drank I e tea because I knew I'd be hitting a happy hour because that's one of my joys in Philly.
Good for people who: want to see bachelor lookalikes 
Bad for people who: want to listen to music that fits the vibe of the place

Was hesitant to write a review for this place considering I only got drinks here but eh why not. While you can't currently make reservations (I don't think it's usually like this and it's just because of COVID), you can call ahead of time to put your name on the list. On a Saturday night they told my friend and I that it would be around a 2 hour wait which ended up being pretty accurate. When we got there the hostess was very nice even though it looked like she was pretty stressed from all the running around she had to do. We were seated in the outdoor area under the white tent where they had plants hanging from the ceiling. Idk why but I totally thought they were going to be real plants - all plastic. I mean it still looked really cool and created a great atmosphere but I just would've been super impressed if they were able to upkeep real plants hanging from the tent. 

My friend and I sat in Adirondack chairs and across from us were people that totally looked like they were on The Bachelor at one point. The guy looked like Tanner Tolbert and while the girl looked like Katie Morton (Colton's season). I was trying to convince myself that it was actually them but I think Tanner has a some kids and is married to somebody else from the bachelor so I came to my senses and decided that they were just commoners like me rather than reality show contestants. 

While the fake hanging plants were more of a moot point, my friend and I could NOT get over the music choice. For some reason there was an actual DJ at the bar which was completely unnecessary (next time just call me up and I'll aux for y'all for no charge - just feed me and give me drinks) considering it's a sit-down restaurant and they were playing club music. It did not fit the vibe at alllllll. Why would I want to be sitting at a restaurant across from Rittenhouse Square listening to Tiesto and Aviccii???
This place used to be cool back in 2006, but now it has lost its classy appeal. During a snow storm, they wouldn't serve me any drink made with liquor,only wine, because they told me I had been drinking since 4, when in reality, I had one drink at 4, left for five hours and came back when I realized there would be no work the next day. Unprofessional bar tenders told me he wasn't serving me "because he can." Impressive. Everyone had tattoos now and this place usually involves 40 some year olds falling off bar stools. Not the best scene if you are looking for some class. Also, the food sucks now and the cheese plate is one step above Cracker Barrel! Go elsewhere!
We had a few drinks on a Saturday night before dinner. It wasn't too full, but it was very warm inside since they don't have air conditioning and the windows are open. 

The bartender, Andrew(?), wasn't really interested in conversation, but he made an amazing Cosmo that was perfectly balanced. 

There are also hooks under the bar for your bags!
Rouge is a really nice restaurant in a great location in the city. They have a beautiful outdoor seating area that overlooks the the park. The burgers and fries are scrumptious. Also, they have a great wine selection. They also serve brunch, its a great place to go on a Sunday morning.
Cool place on Rittenhouse Square.  We like the bar seating the most. Especially when the front is open (air).  Drinks are good and the food (we've only eaten there once so far) has been excellent.  Service is friendly as well.
Have tried to come here more than once and told each time the wait would be more than 60 minutes, so I've gone elsewhere. Came Wednesday night w my partner, sat right at the entrance and it smelled like rotten fish. Partner ordered whiskey and ended up with red wine. He was okay with that, but nevertheless, order totally wrong. Moved to under the tent and while we were instructed to wait until the table got cleaned off another couple proceeded to take two of the 5 chairs. Once seated which we shared the space with the other couple I couldn't hear ANYTHING anyone was saying because the music was SO loud. Seems like it's a place to go just to be 'seen' and have no desire to come back.
Okay, the outside tent is very cool & nice staff...BUT...they serve you a $17.00 glass of prosecco in a PLASTIC cup. Not only is this bad for the environment, the reason is ' because  customers were breaking the glassware."   The tent sits on a wood plank floor, like a boardwalk, with a rug. The people drinking on the sidewalk, which is concrete, get glasses...does this make sense?  Tone deaf. There is a problem with too much plastic polluting the world...
seriously? The outside tent is way overrated. Not the server's fault, she & the hostess were very nice. But seriously? Short pour as well. Disappointed
Very disappointing.  I think the reputation has passed the results.  We went Sunday morning for brunch.  After being informed we couldn't sit at the "reserved" table (which remained empty the entire time), we sat inside.  I had the sausage omelet which sounded good, however, had no taste and was absurdly expensive (for having no taste, wouldn't have cared  about price if it was good).  Wife ended up with egg whites and did not like it at all, coffee wasn't good either.  Frankly, we were annoyed and disappointed.  I've enjoyed some good burgers in the past.  Service was fair.

They better get it together...they have real competition down the street...It isn't the only game in town.
Easily found a table for brunch on a greyish Sunday morning with my sister. Loved the view of Rittenhouse park as the sun started to peek from behind the clouds. Service was great, eye contact and a smile. 

The eggs benedict were OK. Good, not great. I ordered the truffle parmesan frites on the side and that turned out to be my favorite part of brunch. SO GOOD. I'd like to try the burger one day.

Something I thought was odd was a smell from the outside that I normally associate with hobos. Looking around I noticed that a rug was covering a vent on the pavement (some of the air was escaping). I believe that was the source of the smell.
I take my out-of-town guests here for the people-watching opportunities that the window and outdoor seating afford.  I heard the burger here was good, so I tried it.  I was not disappointed.
My favorite restaurant in Philie. Their hanger steak, if it's on the menu, is one of my top steaks anywhere. A decent wine selection and a good looking restaurant and crowd. I don't live in Philie, but I've brought my wife to a hotel here just to eat at Rouge and she was not at all disappointed (and we live next to NY!). Great food, great place.
Although I've never been to a country club, I imagine that Rouge must be something like it.  Pricey, exclusive, and filled with ladies who lunch or accompanied by their blazer wearing husbands.  I should have known we were in for something else when a Tuesday lunch was greeted by the hostesses with "Do you have a reservation?"  Um, lunch, Tuesday, hamburger...reservation??  In any case, we had heard that the burgers were some of the best in Philadelphia, so we had to find out for ourselves.  However, Rouge's burgers were nothing but average.

First, the meat was under-seasoned.  You would think that with gruyere and caramelized onions, the burger would be anything but bland, but neither added or complemented the burger as a whole.  Second, the meat was a bit dry and fell apart.  I ordered the burger at medium, but the juices ran out making the bun soggy, leaving the meat dry and in pieces.  Third, $20 including tax and tip for burger and fries is outrageous when the meat is anything less than top quality.  Give me Village Whiskey's or Bobby's Burger Palace over Rouge's burger any day.  It's a beautiful restaurant with friendly staff, but as a lady who tastes, I can do without Rouge.
A nice place to eat a burger, drink a glass of wine, and watch cougars work the room.
It's really sad for me because Rouge used to be one of my favorite places. This was before I knew of Yelp so I never reviewed. After my last visit, however, I was left with my blood boiling and vouching to leave a "fair" review. 

The only reason this review is getting 3 stars is because I added a star for the atmosphere. I still love the intimacy, darkness and comfort Rouge offers. Sitting outside to people-watch is great as well, if you can get a table. Inside, you will find some interesting characters; from people with money to punks with mohawks. 

I was here recently with three other people for a late bite / drink. Our waitress was friendly. She was prompt with the drinks, probably because it was so empty. I ordered a pomegranate margarita and it was great. My husband ordered a Moscow Mule and to my surprise, it was not served in a copper mug as supposed to. Considering the price I would imagine that it should be. 

We were given a warning that the kitchen was closing down in five minutes and we proceeded to quickly order. We got sliders and an order of fries to share. The sliders were completely and utterly overcooked to well done and the cheese was dry and crusty. It seemed as though it melted on top of the burger at some point but then hardened back up. The fries were just awful. Basically we got the fries at the end of the basket; some were long but mostly many tiny broken up pieces that were crusty and old. Most of the long fries were extremely greasy and cold.  

This food situation was completely unacceptable in my book! I know we came in late, but I would have rather been turned away for food service vs. given someone elses old order. Not cool Rouge, not cool.

I could have overlooked the bad food experience if we were not rudely kicked out on to the street. There was no last call really. We were warned they were closing but asked to sit inside while waiting for the car to arrive. We were asked to wait outside meanwhile "the regulars" were still at the bar.
Finally stopped into Rouge for one of their ballyhooed burgers with my friend, a musician and videographer visiting from Brooklyn.  I had just learned of my admission to grad school, so I was in high spirits.  I love Rittenhouse dining, regardless of how stuffy the crowd can be, and Rouge is now one big reason why.

FIRST IMPRESSIONS:
I was here a year earlier for a beer and some appetizers, but never actually completed my review here.  Whenever I've gone, the place was relatively small and rarely packed, which I actually prefer, especially in lieu of its gargantuan, almost cafeteria-esque neighbors.  The decor is refined and slightly conservative, but pleasant nonetheless.  You'll look out of place if not dressed "casually," but only if you pay attention to such ridiculous things.

THE DRINKS:
I had one of their cocktails made with Root, a local Philly spirit fans of dark stuff like Jager will appreciate.  It was very cool, defusing the aftertaste to leave only the finer points of the spirit's aroma.  I've also downed lager here a few times, great place to enjoy a couple beers in a relaxed, upscale environment, especially when the windows are open to the park (rain or shine being equally nice).

APPETIZERS:
Got the lobster spring rolls, they were very good, super crispy, but a little undersized...not like we needed anything more before the burger.

THE BURGER:
I say the Burger and not the food because they have an entire menu of what I'd imagine is probably pretty decent fare, but since I went with the cheapest and most typical thing on the menu, it should be specified as such.  That said, holy @%#$ do they make a good burger and fries!  It is massive, for one thing, one of those deals where you have to approach it at an angle, only people with massive heads can rock a full bite.  I'm talkin Shaq sized domes...what the Israelis would call a certain, "rosh gadol."  The fries were heavenly as well, served with a wire stand in wax paper, perfect companion to this behemoth burger.

THE SERVICE:
Our server, Lauren, was very nice, responsive and courteous.  Either I've been getting lucky, or I haven't been out enough (probably the latter), but I haven't had major issues with service while eating out for a while.

THE BOTTOM LINE:
I recommend this place for a burger, especially to people who, like me, try to avoid burgers for most of the time...this is where you go to indulge once or twice a year.  It's also a great spot to have a relatively intimate place to unwind that won't hit your wallet as hard as some of the other joints on Rittenhouse square.
Always a great time. Food is tastey. Expensive. But worth it because its always an experience. A staple in this town.
I went here because my boss had some list of the top burger places to go before you die.  I think this was #4.  The first night we went they were already closed.  The next day we went for lunch.  I had actually had lunch already, so this was a second lunch at about 1pm...right after my first lunch.  I wasn't very hungry but I had to try this $16 burger, so I did.  Let's just say I finished it all.  It was the thickest burger I've ever had.  The meat was of very high quality.  I ordered medium well and it was cooked perfectly.  The fries were also very good.  I'm not a great burger critic but it was certainly a very good burger.
I came here by myself for dinner and sat at the bar. This was a good choice for solo dining; plenty of small tables and bar seats, and lots of options for wines by the glass.

My food--lobster fra diavolo with housemade pasta--was delicious. I probably would have liked it just a touch spicier, but other than that it was pretty perfect; perfect portion size, plenty of lobster, and well-cooked pasta. The wines-by-the-glass list included choices starting at $10, and both of the ones I tried were tasty. The complimentary bread was a bit hard and could have benefited from a toss in the oven, but it was still tasty.

My only complaint about Rouge is how cramped and crowded it is. It was not full to capacity when I went, but it was still uncomfortable sitting at the bar and having people constantly bump me trying to negotiate the small space. If they ever decide to do a big renovation, I bet they could make this place much more ergonomic.
I recently went to Rouge for the first time at lunch on a weekday so that I could try the fabled Rouge Burger. It was well worth the trip and the $16 price tag. The burger was cooked to a perfect, juicy medium, topped with delicious gruyere cheese and sauteed onions. It also came with good fries (or frites, if you will) and a huge pickle spear. At some point in the future, I plan to return to try some other food. As for the restaurant itself, it's a small place so I can understand some hustle and bustle on the waitstaff's part. Arrived with 3 coworkers around noon and we were able to sit at the bar. Although the lunch crowd appeared to be the suited-type, nobody seemed to think anything of our casual attire and we were treated quite well. The bartender on duty was extremely nice and chatted it up with us a bit. For those opentablers scratching their heads about this place, it does not use electronic reservations, they accept lunch reservations only, on the day of, starting by receiving calls at 10 or 10:30.
Amazing food. 

I have fond memories of the warm beets and goat cheese salad, and the oft mentioned burger is good as well. 

outdoor seating just across from the square is great for a leisurely sunny afternoon

the evening cocktails crowd typically centers around 40+ conspicuous consumers and their obnoxious arm candy, but its usually good for a laugh or two during your meal - especially if you are up for a game of "daughter or mistress?" (hint: after 10pm it is always mistress)
I usually don't mind places steeped in pretention and conceit.  But the staff at this place?  There are less d-b's in the Massengill aisle at CVS.  

I was there last night with a group of attractive ladies.  I got up to use the bathroom (unisex- one person), and as expected it was occupied.  So, as they would say in the UK I queued to wait my turn.  In the interim, a group of girls came up, and asked if I was in line, and if they could wait in front of me to save space (as there was some open space next to the kitchen).  As the door opened and the restroom became vacant, I walked in and closed the door.  Within moments, I heard the Napoleon-like waiter ask the girls if I just cut in front of them, and without waiting for an answer pounded on the door.  

Upon exiting the restroom I seeked out the little man and asked him why he rushed to judgment, assuming that I cut the line in front of these women?  I would call them ladies if they had acted as so and told the shrimp that there was indeed a line that they were waiting in.  Regardless, he and these women both thought that my actions were unchivalrous, and therefore he would be their knight in mini-armor in disciplining me.

Evidently at Rouge your time is less important than women when it comes to waiting to use the unisex restrooms.  This is a place that is staffed with little-men who ignore societal norms like "lines" so they can look important and relevant to women, possibly giving them an edge (or inch) up on their competition.  So at this place, be prepared to wait for a long time regardless of if you have waited your turn in line or not.
I went here on a first date once, with a guy I really wasn't all that into.  He was my first foray into dating after the end of my three-year college relationship, and I'd met him in a bar, but, I figured I'd go out to dinner with him and then see how it went.  I had to compliment his choice of restaurant.  Rouge is a really classy little joint right on Rittenhouse Square.  We even scored seats at the tables outside, so we had a lovely view of the park, although I wasn't a huge fan of having crowds of people squeezing past us on the very narrow sidewalk.  I also noticed that this place is beige - literally.  The decor inside is mainly beige.  That's strange for a place called "Rouge," isn't it?

Nit-picky decor observations aside, the meal was really good.  They serve large plates and small plates, mainly French-Asian, so I ordered a small plate of herbed chicken over some sort of side dish (I forget - mashed potatoes, I think, but really, really fancy ones).  My date ordered several small plates, including some sort of tar tar (I think tuna).  My dish was very, very good.  And, of course, I ordered a cosmo, considering that I needed one to get me through my first "first date" in over 3 years.  That cosmo really was good, and exactly what I needed!  This place was pricey, not that I was paying for it, but the food was fantastic, and the drinks were perfect.  The wait staff was a bit snobby, but the food and drinks appeared at our table at the right time, so I don't have any complaints.  I also think that this place would be a perfect spot to grab lunch or brunch because it's more of a bistro by day, swanky martini bar by night.  Just be sure to go with someone who's company you enjoy because Rouge can be very romantic at night (with the right person).
