I love Roy Pitz! First of all, the atmosphere is amazing. Huge bar, tons of long tables good for large groups, and I love the octopus painting on the wall! 

The beer is amazing! So many flavors for all types of beer lovers; ales, IPAs, sours, stouts, triples, and an gose. My favorite beer is the Mr. Pitz, its a very sour ale, with peach, apricot, and kiwi. It is amazing! My only complaint is you can't get it in the flight, but you can still buy a small glass on its own, so I was happy. My other favorites were the dark sour, and the pretzel gose. 

Get a flight! And if you don't want to stop at 4, you can also buy the beers in a smaller half size, so you can try everything and not get too drunk (or spend too much money!)

FOOD is also amazing. The biggest Bavarian pretzel I ever had, with such delicious brown mustard sauce, and a cheese dip sauce! Best of both pretzel worlds. I also had the smoked brisket Mac n Cheese which was really good. The brisket panini was amazing, and so was the pork panini. My frinds cheese plate looked really good too.

Overall amazing place. Great beer, great food, good for groups. I came once for beer only, and loved it so much I came back again to eat the food. I'll keep coming back many more times! Can't wait to try more, different beer! Horray Roy Pitz!
Some breweries definitely stand out over others. There was a different beer spot I visited with a few buddies back in July on the same day as Roy-Pitz and yet I felt the desire to write about this place first. Why? Well there's a few reasons that I can think of. Let's get into it.

For starters, Roy-Pitz Barrel House almost sounds like something that has nothing to do with drinking. Take out the word "Barrel" and you'd be hard pressed to figure out what Roy-Pitz is trying to sell. That mildly happened to us as I searched Yelp for breweries and didn't entirely understand the nature of Roy-Pitz until a little further research. But hey, they are in fact a living, brewing...um, brewery with quite a lot of character.

That word (character) is a great way to describe Roy-Pitz as the interior has an eclectic yet quirky style. Kraken/octopus artwork along the walls, succulent plants with labeled names on each table, barrel tops with original paintings, oh and the oddest image I may have ever seen in a bathroom (check the pics) just makes this place feel a tad different. Yeah, it does still give off the vibes of a bar or brewery with the way things are setup, but it adds some uniqueness which is nice to see.

It's also a pleasure (and another reviewable reason) to taste a few off-the-beaten-path beers. Roy-Pitz does just that with some normal styles while also getting exotic via way of sours. Sour Hound was just one of the mouth-puckering tasters that made up my flight, though there were also a few tasty varieties that beer drinkers know and love. Step Your Game Up (SYGU) was a hazy NEIPA that did the trick with plenty of smoothness on the palate which made it easy to drink. Nice job, Roy-Pitz.

Overall, Roy-Pitz Barrel House is kind of like your quirky cousin. Perhaps they're a little odd and a tad different, but you still enjoy spending  time with them. That's probably the weirdest comparison I've ever made for a brewery, but it works. So if you're looking for something out of the ordinary, give Roy-Pitz a shot. You might just write your review up sooner than later.
Stopped in here before our concert down the block. We were able to find seating at the bar. They had the movie Jaws playing in the background. I was really excited to watch a movie while eating a huge pretzel. Prices are really good. They seem like they're known for their old fashions since I saw the bartender make like ten while sitting there. 

I would call this place a little hipster-ish. It reminds me of a couple of bars in Astoria, NY that I've been to.   I love a good place with outdoor seating. Overall I would probably come back here to watch the game (which I don't really end up watching, my husband does). The person next to us ordered wings... I didn't think they looked very appetizing, I might be up for trying them though.
In the area looking for a place we wouldn't necessarily bring the kiddos. I scrolled the old trusty bookmark list and came upon this barrel house that had great reviews and that hubs recognized as a pretty popular craft brewery back on the way to his hometown in just off the PA Turnpike (Note the keystone logo) Sold. 

This huge, laid back, industrial space had a two top, high top table for us without ressies on a weekday night although the hostess did ask so perhaps it's not a terrible idea to make some for a busier time. 

Our kind waiter handed us menus and greeted us promptly. He was quick with brew and food recommendations, and was on top of water refills. 

A flight is definitely the way to go for first-timers! 16 brews on tap! 
We chose:
Dos Pretzel Gose Ale (sour) 
Lovitz Watermelon (lager) 
Cherry Hound (sour) 
Best Blonde (kolsch) 

The pretzel was by far my favorite so a full pour was in order after our tasting. It had a salty tone and definitely left a pretzel aftertaste! I LOVED it! I will come back for that brew alone. 

The cherry was a close second, and the blonde next. Neither of us really cared for the Watermelon however. 

They also have what looked like some solid cocktails for non-beer drinkers. 

After scrolling the menu I was certain hubs was going for the brisket mac which is made with their own beer cheese, but wound up getting the barrelhouse burger after asking our waiter his favorite of the two. He was not disappointed with his choice. The burger was massive and juicy. Cooked to perfection and atop a crisped roll with spicy house made pickle chips. It was accompanied with the right amount of fries. 

Hubs was sure I was going to order the chickpea salad sammy which was one of three vegan options, but I wound up going for the grilled romaine with roasted fennel, tomato, grapefruit, pickled watermelon radish, and sesame-ginger dressing. It was insane! It has a perfect smoky grilled flavor, a nice crunch, a hint of sweet, a zing of citrus, and a fantastic Asian flare. It was absolutely delicious. More so than I anticipated. Yum!

Gluten free, vegetarian and vegan items are clearly marks. 

It's a cool place to watch a game on one of the many flat screens. 

It's also located very close to both Union Transfer and The Electric Factory making it a fantastic stop pre or post show. 

Super easy unmetered parking on Spring Garden. This area needed a place like this. We will certainly be back!
Five stars for the incredible forward thinking beers that they have to offer, but curved lower with some of the food experiences that I've had. But on the whole Roy Pitz Barrel House is a perfect destination to hit up before a show at Union Transfer, Underground Arts, etc.

Roy Pitz call their beers liquid art for good reason, and before coming to the Barrel House I've been won over by the fancy names, well rounded brew selection that goes well beyond typical IPAs, and the detailed label art that they put into their cans and bottles. The art for beers like Ludwig's Revenge, Lovitz Watermelon Lager, and Laydown Stay Down could definitely be placed in a pop art museum. So when I heard that they were opening a brewpub in the Eraserhood I was instantly ready to give it a shot. And I love that the wacky murals, sports art installations, and even communal sitting arrangements play to the Liquid Art theme.

For beers the affordable flight deals have allowed me sample a huge variety. Fans of boozy beers will instantly be down with their rum barrel aged Captain Bill's Barleywine and the barrel aged Psychedelic Strawberry Belgian sour. IPA fans can't go wrong with the Step Up Your Game New England, Belgian Fans can Mind Your P's and Q's with a solid tripel, and regular beer drinkers can't go wrong with their Best Blonde lager. But they also have plenty of seasonals, and a couple of other brews from locals like Troegs and St. Benjamin's Brewing.

For food I've ordered right on apps, but had some mishaps on entrees. On my first visit I was craving the grilled cheese and tomato soup combo that was mentioned as a special, but soon regretted it after I was presented with not very grilled plain mozzarella cheese on a roll alongside some soup that was just decent. Things were slightly better with the chicken schnitzel sandwich with its delicious mulled apple honey butter spread, but just missed its mark on dry chicken. Apps have led me to some solid revelations however, especially with their incredible cheese boards, and their amazing buttermilk persimmons which might just be the best gluten free vegetarian alternative to fried chicken ever!

Add in options like a Cubano sandwich with sweet hot pickles, duck & roasted fig cavatappi, and coffee rubbed beer braised short ribs and I'm sure to find that better entree yet. And so long as the beers are good I'm ready for that challenge.
Omg my FAVORITE fried Brussels sprouts i feel like im going to crave these now, all i can say is i get them everywhere and these are hands down my favorite. The pretzel here is MASSIVE buttery and soooo yummy and the cheese sauce and mustard were on point, sooo good and cheep...every beer we had was AMAZING we loved it all I just wish they had a Maryland Location so i could go back again and again...the server was great he was very attentive and helpful with the beers he even brough us out a server sheet with more of a description then the menue and he gave us some free samples of his faves....really nice place if anything you go for the sour hound, and apps...
What a unique location to add to Spring Garden. 

Where to begin? The biggest Bavarian Soft Pretzel can be found here. Which I might add is set up to look like a happy face. Not joking around. Might even be the biggest in the city. 

The atmosphere alone will be a huge draw here.
Even before the addition of the kitchen, the beer itself held this place down. I'm sure even if you were uncertain as to what type of beer you may like, they would definitely have a style for you. The draft list is massive. I look forward to many a visit.
Coming to Philadelphia during a hot week in July, a cold beer was in order.  And the new Roy Pitz Barrel House was where a couple of friends suggested meeting up.  Roy Pitz is a well-known craft brewery from Chambersburg, PA and they have opened a branch in Philly in a great space on Spring Garden Street, right near the Union Transfer. They call their beer offerings here 'Liquid Art' and indeed there are 16 Pitz beers on draught.  They are most famous for their sour ales and I can testify that both the Sour Hound and Sour Cherry Hound beers are perfect for a hot summer day.  I also tried the Captured Culpbrett IPA which was of good quality.  There is of course food served at the very friendly Roy Pitz Barrel House but I was there to drink beer!
Lovely addition to the already up and coming area. The brewery is pretty big/spacious and has a really great beer selection. They have the option to do flights as well which is always a plus. My absolutely favorite was the barleywine - order it if you can! The food is pretty good too - i would recommend the pretzel. It is MASSIVE! Make sure you are really hungry or you have a few friends to share that with. 

I massive plus for this brewery is that is not insanely crowded - you can easily access the bar and order drinks.
Roy-Pitz is another place I have had bookmarked for some time. Last Saturday night my daughter and I were looking for a place near her apartment and we decided to give Roy-Pitz a try at long last. We could have walked the mile to Roy-Pitz, but I had my car and was able to find free parking right in front. Always a good omen.

This section of Spring Garden, as with some many other sections of the city, is really evolving. There are apartments opening up above Roy-Pitz and also across the street. Win-Win, Sazon, Bufad and Prohibition Tap Room are all close by and of course Union Transfer.

Roy-Pitz is a really cool, unique and industrial space. It was larger then I expected with a lot seating at tables and also a good amount of bar seating. I ordered the Psychedelic Strawberry Ale - Barrel Aged Sour Belgian Strong Ale. This was very good and not too sour and it was strong as advertised. My daughter tried the cider. We of course had to try the Bavarian Soft Pretzel and that was huge and awesome. I preferred the mustard sauce over the cheese sauce. We also tried the Roasted Beet Salad, Barrel House Burger - 8oz short rib & brisket blend burger, gruyere, roasted beer onions, Zayda's sweet hot pickles, bacon, rosemary porter aioli and the Beer Battered Cod Sandwich Lettuce, tomato, onion, giardiniera aioli. Everything was very good and the menu is varied and eclectic for pub fare.

For dessert there were three items to choose from but the Pound Cake Bananas Foster with vanilla ice cream was the one we found most appealing. This was a very good dessert and more like a bread pudding. It was large enough to share for two people easily.

The atmosphere is great, our server was excellent. Both of us were so full so we walked around a little on Spring Garden. We will definitely be back to Roy-Pitz.
Roy-Pitz's food seems better than their drafts. I would go back to try more of what's on their menu. I tried their Liquid Art fries bc I think
It was a happy hour special. Their Liquid Art cheese is phenomenal. It was so creamy and garlicky. It perfectly melted over the fries and pulled pork. The pork was so easy to pull apart and made the dish so savory. 

I didn't like the selection of beer or the quality. We had a flight of few of the beers. The IPA's we tried were over hopped. The Best Blonde ale tasted like Miller. The Stubborn Irish Prig Porter had too much liquid smoke in its flavor. The Blueberry sour was too sour and lacked flavor. There are better breweries to check out in Philly
I have not been to Roy Pitz since the pandemic and I am so happy we decided to go back! As always, amazing beers on tap and love the flight option to sample a few of their beers during dinner. Their food has always been great BUT WAIT: there are now deep dish gourmet pizzas on the menu that are phenomenal. We had the sausage and pepper pizza and the umami pizza. Both were beyond perfect. Indoor dining with spaced out tables, contactless menu and payment options. This place is just above and beyond. And I'm already craving the pizza again.
The beer, the food, the people... all worthy of the highest praise! Roy Pitz was a quarantine discovery for me and I am so glad that I found them.

Fun fact, my boyfriend wanted to take me there on our first date but sadly they were closed on Mondays so we had to pivot. A few months later, some girlfriends and I decided to visit Roy Pitz as a first stop in a brewery crawl. We were so glad that we did! The food was phenomenal and so was the service. I highly recommend trying their pizza - the chicken & broccoli is my favorite. So perfectly cheesy and crisp around the edges. 

After my positive experience dining in, I tried their takeout and the pizza was just as good at home! We also ordered a few seasonal beers to go and enjoyed them a lot.

For work, I planned a virtual happy hour with the guys at Roy-Pitz and they sent everyone four beers to try and a Roy-Pitz branded glass. They also included an info sheet on the beers, which included a coupon code for us to use on a future online order and I put that to good use. We then met with the Roy Pitz guys on Zoom for an hour long guided tasting. They were SO knowledgeable and fun to chat with. Everyone had a great time!

If you are in Philly and looking for a good brewery, this is the place to visit!
Holy smokes is this place awesome! My husband and I were wandering the city with a friend and headed into Roy Pitz just as they were opening this Saturday and had an awesome time! We were familiar with their goods from their first location in PA, and their new barrel house did not disappoint. 

 It's first worth mentioning that the interior design of this place is off the hook... wine barrels and tanks line one side, the huge bar/beer mecca the second, an incredible hand painter mural, and then floor to ceiling windows the last with fabulous decor throughout. And oh. My. Gosh. The beer. Nectar of the gods  They had -oh I don't know- a crazy 20+ beers on tap, ranging from their oldie but goodie Sour Hound, to this Pretzel Gose that was like TASTING A SALTY MERMAID, to one of their new barrel aged creations that would make any beer lover weep. They've truly figured it out here- from all angles down to the last delicious drop!

Go here. Eat here. Drink here. You will be merry. Cannot suggest highly enough.
To be honest, my previous, and limited opinion, of Roy-Pitz wasn't the greatest. They had a tap takeover at an Old City establishment and I found the brews I sipped to be mostly bland.

I was pleasantly surprised to have (many a) Mr. Pitz. He was a barrel aged sour that had a sweetness and edge. I had a sip of my husband's double IPA, but I forget which one. It hit my hop palette finely. Based on this positive experience, I wouldn't hesitate to keep trying more.

I ordered the eggplant parm panini to eat- it was made up of marinated grilled eggplant, fresh mozzarella, basil, chili tomato jam. I didn't love the panini bread since it was more like a flat roll, but the contents of the sandwich were good. All and all, it was just bar food though, but it did the trick for a pre-concert dinner. 

The service was friendly and attentive, and the atmosphere was chill. This is the PERFECT pre-game spot for Union Transfer shows. I love Llama Tooth, but this place is much bigger and good for all seasons. 

I wouldn't rank Roy Pitz Barrell house as a top addition to the Philly beer scene, but it's not a bad option either. I'd give them a 3.5, but for the love of the local brew scene, I'll round up to a 4.  I'm sure once the new Yards location opens, there are going to be many a brewery hoping options on the north side of Vine.
What a unique location to add to Spring Garden. 

Where to begin? The biggest Bavarian Soft Pretzel can be found here. Which I might add is set up to look like a happy face. Not joking around. Might even be the biggest in the city. 

The atmosphere alone will be a huge draw here.
Even before the addition of the kitchen, the beer itself held this place down. I'm sure even if you were uncertain as to what type of beer you may like, they would definitely have a style for you. The draft list is massive. I look forward to many a visit.
Ok when did this place open and why was I not informed? I ended up here during a break between my dodgeball games down the street and was soooooo pleasantly surprised. It is huge, there weren't many people there (probably because it was like 11 am on a sunday), and they had huge tables that could accommodate my entire team. On top of everything else, they have LOTs of beer that they brew. Did I mention the beer was delicious!

I did not eat but a lot of my teammates did and their food looked absolutely delicious. My one friend loved his fried chicken sandwich. 

I drank the fat daddy sacks beer. It is an ipa and I was extremely happy. The vibe of the place is chill and relaxing. I would go back anytime to have another beer (or 6) and try some of the food. You guys rock.
New microbrewery in the Spring Garden neighborhood. Really cool interior. 

Menu is somewhat limited - not veggie friendly. 

Creative drinks, and the beer selection is great. You can do flights as well.

Good food option for just a quick grab.
Excellent brewery, bar, and restaurant! There are three breweries in about a 6 block radius on Spring Garden St (Yards, Love City, and Roy Pitz) and this is by far my favorite. The beer is outstanding (try the citrusy and easy to drink SYGU IPA), the bartenders are friendly, and the food is creative and excellent. I love the chickpea salad sandwich (get it on regular bread, not the default gluten free bread), the Daddy Hot Sacks wings, and the smoked salmon toast. There are a ton of other tasty looking options on the menu that I'm dying to try. It's also great for large groups, so bring your friends.

I take new people here every chance I get. It's really something special.
One of our new favorite neighborhood places! I gotta say - I am disappointed in us for not finding this neighborhood gem sooner. 

Even though I am not a big beer drinker, I was very impressed with the two that I did have which were both sours. They have a pretty large selection to choose from! And the guidance offered from the gentleman working was spot on. The pretzel is legit - large and tasty. Enough for at least 4-6 as a snack in my opinion. And the pizza - OMG did I love the pizza. It's a Detroit styles- but more sizable than some of the other ones that I've had locally. We got the pepperoni one and it was delish. Wayyyyyy better than I had ever expected. 

Service was great even in the midst of social distancing, we felt safe on the patio (minus some of the close walkers on Spring Garden St), and prices were more than fair. A great experience on all fronts - and we will be back. Soon.
Beers are horrible, especially the Brett IPA.. this was one of the first times in my life that I didn't even take another drink after my first one.. literally drank more water at this place than beer...the decor doesn't really even give you the vibe of a legit brewery. It's not in the best part of town... Would not recommend..
I strolled past on a recent walk and decided to pop in for a pint.

The place was pretty slow, yet the ladies room needed a restock of TP.

The atmosphere was cool and the staff were friendly.

Beers were tasty but didn't blow me away.

I'll try this spot again sometime to taste a few more brews and try the food with the hope that it knocks my socks off next time!
We don't live to far from Roy-Pitz so it is always an option for lunch or dinner on the weekends. When friends visit us we always make sure to make a stop at Roy pitz for at least one beer. It's centrally located near a handful of other great breweries so it makes it worth the trip if you aren't local to the area. 

Their pizzas and appetizers (especially their pretzel) are DELICIOUS! and the beer is ALWAYS good! Staff is knowledgeable and friendly and their are always great games to play.

So weather it is a guys or girls night out, double date night, date night or you just want to head out of the house yourself- this is an excellent spot!
It's noisy AF, you sit on top of one another, but the crowd is fun. I can only imagine what this place was like during Super Bowl...go Eagles or Final Four...go 'Nova.  The Moscow Mules are yummy but the banana fosters is the bomb for dessert. Good place!
Before a show at the Union Transfer we decided to come to Roy-Pitz which is right next door across the street. .The first impression is of course the look of the place and it was a good one. The bar and surrounded tables had wood and metal with a rustic modern feel.  The artist, who does their labels, has a wonderful mural on the wall. We thought the pulled glass bottles that were lined up at the top back of the bar were unique also.  

We stared out with the Roasted Carrot Hummus with Pepper relish and house made flatbread as our app. The pepper added some heat to the nice tasting hummus. The flatbread was nicely charred. For my main meal I had the Shrimp Po Boy Panini which was delicious. I have to take exception to calling it a Po Boy since traditional Po Boys do not come as a Panini, but I digress. Having the shrimp in a tempura badder was really tasty and seemed less heavy than traditional corn meal frying. The slaw was nice a crunchy. The only bad part of my meal were the fries, very limp and some were under cooked. The flavor was ok.  

Now to the beer. I enjoyed everything I had, but some more than others. The Watermelon Lager was ok. The Caledonia Pale Ale and Mind Your P's and Q's (Belgium Tripel) were very good. My favorites though was the Das Pretzel Gose, Captured Culpbrett Brett IPA, and Bourbon Barrel Aged Capt'n Bill's Barleywine.  The Gose was really nice with just the right amount of salt. The Culpbrett was the favorite at the table and the wild yeast was there, but not over powering. 

The service was great. Michael was really knowledgeable about the beers and menu selection and was very personable.
I went there during the second weekend it was open. The service was absolutely terrible. Swore I wouldn't go back, then a friend wanted to have birthday brunch there... and it was worse. Super understaffed, so the wait terrible, and the guy who seems to be running the place is miserable. He actually complained to us that he was working instead of enjoying the Fourth of July. Didn't feel like they wanted our business either time I was there. Done with this place. Can't believe they've gotten some good reviews.
I've been here a few times now. It's a great place to go with a group. 
The food is really good. I don't remember what I had the other times but this time I got a goat cheese salad with raspberry vinaigrette. This salad was filling even without any meats! Most places don't have filling salads. Other places think you're just there for the lettuce. This had grapes, apricots, nuts and other assorted vegetables. 

So in conclusion as long as I live in Philadelphia I'll end up here a few times a year.
Big space with both beer, wine, and cocktails available.  We were seated at a huge picnic style table by the hostess even though the place was empty.  A server did come over and answered some of my questions about the sours.  He wasn't particularly friendly. I feel like being somewhat personable is important to a business, especially a brewery where people are excited about your beers and may want to know more. 
I tried 3 sours. The Nice Dreams barrel aged cherry sour and the Nice Dreams raspberry sour were fantastic. M said his beers were good enough, nothing that stood out, but couldn't help but think how cool it would be to watch a snowstorm while sitting at some of these huge streetside windows. I'd say check it out if in the area but don't make a special trip just for this one.
I wanted to love Roy Pitz for so many reasons but my first experience just fell flat. 

The space, which includes a large room filled with a long bar, picnic style tables and standard four-top tables is awesome. The menu of sours looks great and the prices seem so reasonable. 

We made a reservation which was a good idea since it was packed. (Reservations available on opentable.)

We started with the pretzel and the fried persimmons. The pretzel was my favorite part of the whole meal. It was soft, salty and tasted like warm butter. Throw in the beer cheese and I should have just ordered a second one for dinner.

The service was a struggle. It took forever to even order our first drink and then even longer for it to come. The beer themselves were not awesome. I am not a sour beer fan so I tried the non-sour beers including the Ole Jail Ale, Cherry Hound, Schwetziber and Lay Down, Stay down. Not one of them were particularly memorable. 

The burger I ordered which was touted as their most popular seller was overcooked per my request and tasted like something from the freezer section. (The onions and gouda on it were pretty delicious though)

Overall, it was fine. Maybe it was just a bad night or maybe the service and the food are always subpar. Either way, I would probably avoid trying it again when there are other breweries so close by.
Atmosphere is industrial with a rustic touch, and works well.  We had a couple of snacks which were good.  Flights went over well with all three of us, beers were very good for a small independent brewery.  

Service was very good, slipping us an extra taster due to previous conversation.  

If this place were closer, then I'd be stopping in frequently!
Brought a group of beer loving friends here for a birthday celebration and while the beers were quite good, the food was sub-par and the service spotty. A few of us ordered panini and when the sandwiches came out they were on thin toasted white bread.  the server apologized for not mentioning earlier that they had run out of "panini bread." The fries were woefully under seasoned and when i asked for an aioli dipping sauce, the server said she would "look for some" and then never brought it or mentioned it again.  i didn't bother asking again because by that point i was finished with my meal. when we were ready to pay to bill we had to go looking for the server who was sitting at another table doing side work and chatting with co workers.  the bathroom was quite dirty and considering that the place wasn't crowded, is unacceptable. i would return to sit at the bar and have a beer but wouldn't attempt to eat a meal here again.
My drinks were great, but my food was quite bland. My friend Ken and I ordered the buttermilk fried persimmons, pork belly and root veggie empanadas, and coffee rubbed beer braised short rib. I expected the persimmons to be sweet, but they were devoid of any flavor, so much so that they tasted like turnips. Sadly, the accompanying marinated red peppers were the highlight of this dish. They actually had flavor. The empanadas were filled with pork belly, which is usually full of flavor, but was sadly lacking here. The root veggies made the filling even more bland. Now the piece de resistance... the short rib was fork tender, but the sauce was too bitter for its own good. The accompanying brown butter brussel sprouts were even more bitter. To taste two bitter components in the same dish doesn't work for me. I feel that this is where something like brown butter carrots would've balanced out the bitter sauce. There were carrots in the mashed potatoes, but not enough to balance the bitterness. I'm quite disappointed in the food. I think there is potential for this food to be amazing with the right spices and then we wouldn't need the salt and pepper shakers and bottle of hot sauce they brought over to our table.
We stopped in prior to attending a show down the street.  We were greeted and sat within a few minutes.  It was 4:30 on a Saturday and this place was already pretty packed.  We were promptly greeted by our server and offered a few minutes to look over the menus, as we'd never been here before.  She brought us water while we looked over the menus.  Their drink menu is extensive.  

We ordered a fried chicken sandwich and a burger.  The fried chicken sandwich came on a pretzel bun and was served with fries.  It was one of the best fried chicken sandwiches I've had.  The burger was also very good and served with fries as well.  We accidentally were given a fry appetizer and it was provided free of charge.  We didn't touch it because we didn't order it and the server said it was ours since it touched the table.  It was served with warm cheese which was good!  We brought home our entree fries because we were stuffed!  

We didn't stay too long because we wanted to get in line for the show.  It is noisy here, but it was a nice place with great food.  We'd come back again if we're back in the area. Great service, great ambiance.
Let me tell you - I really enjoyed my visit to the Roy-Pitz Barrel House. I popped in on an early Sunday afternoon, very hungry and thirsty, after at day at the Franklin Institute. I'm a huge beer lover, and I had never even heard of Roy-Pitz prior to this day. It was a suggestion of my fellow beer-loving date, who had never been either. 

We drove and snagged free street parking right in front. While I'm sure this was likely just serendipitous, it automatically made me love this place. Upon entering the place was dead. Like...dead dead. I was unsure, honestly, if they were even open. The space is fantastic. Industrial-chic, if you will. Clean, open, bright, and a great place to bring friends and mingle about. Given how empty it was, I wanted to go outside and shout up and down Spring Garden to invite people in. 

My date and I grabbed seats at the bar, ordered a flight, and chatted with the friendly bartender who was knowledgeable, accommodating, and full of good suggestions. Our flights were about $15 for four 4oz. pours. They were a couple dollars more than a regular flight, because we chose to include two specialty beers. I've definitely had cheaper flights other places, but I enjoyed all the beers I tried. One of their sours, Mr. Pitz, was very tasty but very, very tart. Overall though, I was impressed with their taste and variety. Just a little bummed by the price tag. (not too bummed though, because my date paid.)

We snacked on the German Pretzel and BBQ Egg Rolls. The German Pretzel was another fabulous suggestion by the bartender. I know it's a simple bar snack, but it was honestly one of the best pretzels I've ever had, and served with both beer cheese and grainy mustard. The egg rolls were good. Different. Also served with mustard, which was a bit curious. They weren't bad, but they weren't my favorite.

Honestly though, more people need to know about this location. It's fantastic hang for afternoon drinks. It's got great potential as chill, fun, gathering place. THERE ARE TVs HERE TOO! GREAT FOR FOOTBALL WATCHING. This is either a hidden gem or I came on an off day. Either way - spread the word, because I'd like to see this place stick around.
Came here for Happy Hour before Paint Nite and am so glad I found this place! Wide and spacious with long picnic tables and benches as well as individual dining tables in a casual industrial vibe. Comfortable and attentive service. Delicious burgers and great beers on tap! Will definitely be returning.
These guys got slammed on the day of the Eagles parade and handled it like pros. Unbelievable service, especially considering the insane amount of people that showed up. And the beer and food are top notch!
Visited this place for the first time last year when it first opened. I liked everything about it but beer. Today after a year I happened to be in the area and decided to check it out again. This time on top of decor I liked beer also. Had a watermelon pilsner and a regular pilsner. I have to check their happy hour deals and I might be coming more often. Two times I have been there it wasn't too crowded so I think its a good place for a conversation.
stopped yesterday.   the wife and i ordered one flight each... so that means 8 different beers...   well the wife only liked 1 and i only liked 2.   thats 3 out of 8.  and we only said they were just ok...
Loved it. To the craft beers, to the art on the wall, to the sweat drop down my.... glass! (Little Jon voice) you thought I was gonna say balls! This place is a must check out. Great food. Great beers. They offer a kool little flight of beers to try. They have a really kool story of two friends creating something special to them. Very kool art on the walls, the bottles and labeling. The service was perfect. Great place to stop before a concert at the union transfer station. Check them out.
Popped in here for a quick beer and was surprised I didn't know about this place sooner. A+ ambiance and interesting beer selection. It's kind of in the middle of "nowhere" relative to myself--but I'd seek it out especially with a group (though I was by myself). Very spacious and relaxed. Didn't try any food but the plates I saw looked decent!
GREAT beer, spacious, friendly and knowledgeable staff. The pretzel appetizer is huge and  delicious, so it's a good one to split. Prices are very reasonable, and their happy hour looks great! Will be back
Great new brew house for the area.  We have gone here a few times now and it has been a great experience each time with regards to the food, service and beer.  They have an amazing selection of craft beers, particularly their sours and barrel aged offerings, all delicious.  The pretzel was awesome with multiple dipping sauces and mustard.  I will absolutely be coming back here again and again, they provide great service that is courteous, attentive and friendly; have a cool decor and back it all up with their beer and food.  Keep up the great work Roy!
Roy-Pitz is a great-looking venue run by a number of extremely helpful people, but with more flaws than I had hoped for.

The building: It's in a great location on Spring Garden St., lack of parking aside. Upon walking in, I noticed that the room was a little smaller than I had been expecting, but we were fortunate to get a table nonetheless. It made good use of the natural light coming in from the windows, which furthered the feeling that you were sitting in an outdoor beer garden, only indoors. The building didn't have an ATM, which was not helpful when it came time to settle up the bill with friends.

The beer: After trying one of their sour beers, I then ordered a flight so I was able to try a variety. Most of them were middle-of-the-road to underwhelming. In particular, their Best Blonde lager was really stale tasting, and Daddy Fat Sacks IPA was much more malty than hoppy. On the flip-side though, the Nice Dreams Tart Cherry was the one standout: it was exceptionally delicious. Be careful, I like my sour beers as sour as possible. So if you're like me, you'll enjoy it. But if you're not one for ultra-sour then tread lightly. But I liked it.

The food: They had a pretty decent menu. The meat and cheese appetizer was fun - especially whatever they roasted the walnuts in that came with the platter. I couldn't put my finger on it, but it added a little interesting sweetness to them. I was not a fan of the French fries with cheese and bacon. The fries were hard and the cheese just made it clumpy. The cheesecake dessert was one of the best pieces of cheesecake I've had in a long time. 

The staff: When I first arrived, I parked the car on the street and only had a quarter to feed the meter (which means I had about 6 minutes). The host gladly broke a five dollar bill into quarters for me and did so even while saying it was probably going to make her job a little difficult but she wanted to help me out. Given the parking situation outside, I assumed my request was an all-day occurrence there and that she was going to laugh in my face. But instead, she went out of her way to give me a hand. That was huge. Our server Mike was a real nice guy, he helped pick out some selections for us and was really accommodating as we went back and forth making our choices. 

Overall, I think Roy-Pitz has some kinks to work out here. However, my #1 turnoff anywhere I go is going to be lousy service, but their service was nothing less than spectacular! And that really sets the tone more in my mind. So as long as they continue to excel with staffing the great help, I think they'll have a chance to find their way in the long run.
Fun brewery with good service. Great selection of beer. The pretzel appetizer was amazing! Two dipping sauces a great match. The Brussels sprouts are a must have. Generous portion to share for 2 or more! We only stayed in Philly two nights but went back here both nights.
Met some friends here for drinks. Atmosphere was typical brew house/ tap room (minus the large baby shower party). I arrived too late to enjoy the apps that my table ordered, but everything that came out of the kitchen looked amazing. The fries and sandwiches looked especially tasty. I tried a stout that had a deep coffee flavor. I'm usually not into dark beers but really enjoyed this.
I was excited to hear about a new restaurant opening up in the neighborhood! My husband and our three kids headed over here for lunch. We walked over with a double stroller--the entrance is stairs only. We tried to go next door as they have a lift for wheelchairs (suggested by the hostess), but were told we couldn't use it so we just used muscle power to  lift it up ourselves. 

Anyway, we were seated at our own table. The food was good with generous portions and the pretzel was amazing! Husband got a beer which he approved of. 

Service was top notch and someone helped us with the stroller and stairs on the way out. We will be back, but will leave the stroller at home next time.
Came back and got lunch with my mom so I'm here to report on the food. We got there around 12 and were one of two tables but by the time we left there were quite a few tables occupied and some big groups so it got a little slow towards the end since there wasn't a huge staff. Still it was a great option. 

I got the muffaletta sandwich and my mom got the scallops which were on special. She said they were incredible and I really enjoyed my sandwich (it was giant, I only had half). Then we split bananas foster for dessert which was amazing. Now I might fall asleep at my desk but it was worth it.
Whoever was cooking the pizza tonight was great. Easily one of the best pizzas I had in my area yet. That you for the delicious food!
This review is for catering only. I'm eating leftovers right now which is reminding me to write this (yum).

We hired Roy-Pitz to cater my boyfriend's 30th down the street at Phield House. We ordered 6 appetizers per person and got the following: 

beef sliders, pulled pork sliders, caprese skewers, mac n' cheese bites and cheesesteak egg rolls (the biggest hit of the night)

We had 25 people there and had PLENTY of leftovers afterwards. The ordering process was really straight-forward and their online system was simple to use. The cost was expected and reasonable. Mike was highly responsive throughout the process. Finally, they delivered everything right on time.

Would definitely use them again, we highly suggest (especially these cheesesteak egg rolls)!
COME if you love great beer, if you love great food. So many yummy sours (and other beers) and amazing pizza, wings, pretzel app and brussel sprouts. We have been coming since it opened (we know the original in Chambersburg) and love the sours. Our last visit however we were soo soo impressed with the food (even better than the previous times- maybe a new cook?). Pizza was delish and all the other food as well. Great place for a date night or for a big group!
Not sure what the hype is about, everything about my night out here was mediocre. I have heard mixed reviews from friends so it seems to be a love it or hate it type of spot. The service really left something to be desired (15 mins before anyone came to talk to me - at an empty bar) and the eggplant parm sandwich looked like plastic and kind of tasted like it too. It's a shame because they have a good location, not much else going on down there, but i'd rather go further and check out prohibition taproom.
When you walk in, you are greeted by a cool neon green sign and, after you seat yourself, a friendly server will help you. The beer was good, but the price for the food was a little too high for what you get.

The fries stole the show- they were hand cut and soooo good!! The burger was tasty but the bun did not compliment the ingredients at all (the bun was kind of dry and tasteless). I also had the fried Brussels sprouts, which I had assumed was going to be crispier but it was more like a sautéed version and I was not blown away with it. I also loved the industrial ambience and their focus on art. 

The waitstaff was great and the happy hour specials are killer, so if you want to try their beer stop in during those times!
Definitely more of a restaurant and bar than a casual brewery. The service was good, loved the pretzel and my pear beer. I wanted to try a couple of food items from the menu but was too full from my dinner to do so.
Just opened! We stopped by on a whim. Great atmosphere, clean, modern and open. Friendly and quick service. Tons of beers they brew here. Amazing Food. Had the caprese salad, shrimp ceviche and fries with cheese. All so good!!! Great find!
Fresh and delicious food! Love the ambiance here has a Frankfort hall feel but more artsy with some character. Gotta stop by here when you're in fishtown
Generally speaking, it can always be risky trying a new spot in town on opening weekend, but I must say, Roy Pitz did not disappoint! Amazing selection of beers, including some delightful sours, and the food was top notch! The BBQ egg rolls were amazing... We will definitely return!!
I really enjoy this barrel house. I'm huge on atmosphere and this place nails it! From the murals, to the lighting, to the large tables it just feels welcoming. You also can't beat their happy hour ($3 pints?!) They have really good selections of their beer too. Sour Hound- one of their flagships- is definitely my favorite. They don't have any good options on happy hour but don't let that deter you from getting food because theirs is very yummy. It can get pretty busy during happy hour so show up early! Next they need to explore some outdoor seating for the summer, that would be great!
Went before a show at Union Transfer. Friendly servers, wide selection of beers (a lot of spurs) and good food selection. It's a traditional beer hall space with long tables and a positive atmosphere. It's a great addition to the spring garden neighborhood! I'll be back.
Beers great, wings too! We walked over here and got a flight (4 beers=$10). All were tasty- we ordered wings when started getting the drunchies. They were super meaty and delicious, but I wish they came with celery stalks. We played their board games until happy hour time- a time you SHOULD NOT miss. Basically every beer is $3 (half off). That was definitely a good deal! I was hoping their "on deck" beers were available, because one of them piqued my curiosity. They're honestly there just to tease your liver. The bartender was great company. I wish her the best of luck in her studies!
There's something magical happening in the area around Spring Garden between Broad and 10th Streets. The Rail Park, new restaurants, and new brewpubs like Roy Pitz make this stretch of the city a destination, in my opinion. RP is like any other brew pub; large beer-making equipment on view, house brand beers, and a short but decent food menu. The open seating and large bar area makes the space inviting. The beers are good and I think in my mind I would enjoy them more if I was more familiar with them (like any local brews, you gotta get to know them). I did a flight to find a favorite and while I don't need to run back to RP for that ONE beer, I finished them all. The wings were prepared how I like them--friend and no breading--but the sauce was too sweet and not spicy enough for me. There was a TV at the bar that only showed loops of RP ads. Seemed like a waste to me since you only see it once you're already in the restaurant. I would've much rather have seen the Sixers game while I worked through my meal. I'll be back. Probably before or after a trip to the Rail Park!
I went here tonight before the PTW show at Union Transfer and we got the chicken fingers. These chicken fingers were boss. So I started texting my friend who lives off toddler food about these tenders. So he's like hey have you reviewed it and I was like idk but I hope so cuz I love it.  So I pop on to look and am like OMG I DID NOT. 

Total negligence on my part. 

This place has great food. It's great to bring a gang. We used to bike here when I lived in Fishtown. Everyone loved the beers too. 

Staff is always awesome and attentive. 

Go here. It's like one of those places that you can just chill.
We went here for dinner on my birthday with a bigger group and it was absolutely perfect! We are big untappd (beer app) people so we love when a place has all the beers posted through untappd! The food menu was awesome and the pizza was seriously some of the best pizza I've had in a long time. Would definitely love to come back when I'm in the area next.
Awesome brewery on spring garden. Very clean inside with extremely friendly staff. A great place to stop by for a drink. Accommodating for large parties!
Great beers, great food, great atmosphere! I booked a reservation for a large group, and the entire process leading up to the day was very smooth. The manager, Mike, was accommodating and answered all of my questions. The staff was friendly and very attentive. I would highly recommend Roy-Pitz and will definitely be back!
Awesome. The decor was awesome, the food was great, the service was amazing. Last but not least, the beer was outstanding. I had the strawberry Kolsch and I could not stop drinking it and talking about it. If you haven't been, go. If you have, you know how good it is. Also, Mike is a great waiter.
Dave! Emily! You and your team were AMAZING last night hosting our surprise bday party for Jim! Thank you all for the awesome service, hospitality and accommodation. The food and drinks were also amazing! Can't say enough. THANK YOUUUUUU!!
We hosted my husband's 40th birthday at Roy-Pitz and they truly knocked it out of the park.  Finding a venue was a pain in the you-know-what - most didn't even answer or couldn't commit to having enough staff to host our small group.  But not Roy-Pitz- their event coordinator, Mike, stepped up and was so accommodating.  Mike was so easy to work with, I had no stress or fear leading up to the "big" day.  

We had a private space off to the right of the bar, which made it easy for us to order from there or through the wait staff (which were one in the same, they were all rotating).  Everyone was so helpful!  

The food was delicious - all my husband wanted was cheesesteak egg rolls and theirs were a home run (the very few that were left were even good reheated the next day!).  We also enjoyed chicken sliders, their amazingly delicious Detroit-style pizza, a veggie tray, and the kiddos had chicken tenders and delicious fries.  

We do wish they had most guest taps (there was one from Troeg's available, but the rest was their own beers), but all in all we had no complaints and a very happy birthday was had. 

I highly recommend anyone who needs an event space to check out Roy-Pitz - they made this whole thing so easy!!!  And were so great the day of!  Thanks to everyone for helping my hubby ring in a new decade in style!
Went for Dinner

Food - 3/5. The bun was overly crusty. Every bite would create a mound of crumbs which makes for bad texture and difficulty eating. Burger was cooked to a nice medium and the flavor was all right but the bun could not properly hold all the filling in it and would often squeeze out one end when eating. The burger really could have been enjoyable if not for the poor quality of the bun I received.

Service - 4/5. Friendly and attentive. I came very late in the night but never felt rushed or unwelcome.

Value - 3/5. The prices are average at $14 for a burger with fries. Some things made the burger unenjoyable though and the flavor didn't particular stand out. Hard to recommend.

Parking - Street (Free)
Roy Pitz Barrel House is an intriguing offering near Union Transfer.  Barrel Aged beers offer a slightly different take on the other nearby brews and the food is a gastropub meets comfort food.  My wife, her friend and I took it in before a show and we were pleasantly surprised and enjoyed our experience.

Pros:

The beer selection is great.  Featuring several beers on tap, including a few IPAs, a number of barrel aged options stouts and porters and a few interesting but expensive sours (and a cheaper, non-barrel aged reliable sour).  They also have several to-go 4 packs of other options available at the primary brewery in central PA.  Prices ranged from incredibly reasonable $5-6 pint pours to the more expensive $10 pours for barrel aged sours.  

To add to that, the cocktail selection was also craft and very interested.  Prices seemed to range around 10-13 dollars for various cocktails which is in line with the area.  My wife was pleased with her cocktail.

Happy Hour looks amazing with possibly some snacks but also a number of $3 pint pours.  I'd really like to try it.

Service was solid and our server was very knowledgeable about the entire menu (drinks, beers and food).  She was also very attentive.  Great experience all around.

The place is large and seating is plentiful.  Very similar feel to many microbreweries.

Cons:

The place was not very busy for a Saturday afternoon/night which was surprising.  I don't quite understand why this place isn't discussed more often.  

The bar includes a number of uncomfortable high stop stools.  I don't care for them, but to each his own.  

We sampled a few apps including a Bavarian Pretzel, Crostini and fries.  The Pretzel was standard issue, but we really enjoy the flavorful and strong mustard and beer cheese. Nothing special, but it delivered.  The Corstini was beautiful but kind of bland.  The Fries were acceptable and standard as well (we used the beer cheese!).  

Conclusion:  Great before a show, but also possible great for Happy Hour.  We came and will come back for the drinks.  May not be the ideal dinner spot, but we'll be game for future happy hours!  Cheers!
Stopped in here on a trek around the city. I had this bookmarked for a while and when I found myself a few blocks away I couldn't miss the chance to drop by. 

I was eating "healthy" and ordered what is easily the hugest "garden salad" I've ever been served. I expected a little bowl of greens and was pleasantly surprised with the amount of food that was delivered. Plenty to tide me over to the next mean. Unfortunately, the wings that my boyfriend ordered were dry and not super flavorful so that was disappointing.

I also had a tasting pour of the pretzel beer. I can't recall the precise name but it was pretty boring. I think if I hadn't had expectations that it would have some pretzeliness to it, I would have liked it just fine but flavor profile had no hint of pretzel. It was just a basic, boring beer. 

I will be back if I am in the area - maybe try more food/beer - but I probably won't go out of my way.
This review is long, long, long, long overdue. I  can't believe I haven't come on here to share how great Roy Pitz is!! 
First, I'll start with the beers. They have my favorite beers out of any local brewery. It's not ALL IPA's like most places. They have a great selection of sour beers that I've come to really enjoy and appreciate. They put a lot of thought into their beer and you can tell. Also, this is a really strange side note but a lot of beers make me flushed and red and for some reason Roy Pitz beers don't do that to me, so if that's something that happens to you, it's just kind of a weird bonus. 
Now for the food. I've been coming here for a few years and the kitchen has definitely evolved for the better. First, their soft pretzel with mustard and beer cheese is sooooo delicious and pairs perfectly with a beer (or two). It's just the best companion for drinking. But the really surprising new addition is their Detroit style pizzas. They are HIGHLY underrated. I dont know why Roy Pitz is never in the conversation when it comes to Detroit style pizzas in the area. They're just as good as other more popular places (and not quite as expensive). I love the pepperoni as well as the vegetarian. I didnt know how I  felt about Brussels sprouts on a pizza but I ended up loving them so much that now I  know to order extra Brussels for next time! 
The staff is super cool. You always get good service. They're always nice to my dog when we bring her to sit outside. The restaurant itself is pretty big. The bar itself is HUGE. So even when it's crowded there's always someplace to sit. 
I'm a Roy Pitz super fan so I joined their liquid art club which is a membership club where you get a 20% discount as well as monthly freebies. I highly recommend it!
A brewery in Philly with multiple sours? Yes please!
Most breweries might have 1 saison, maybe a sour in the summer months if I'm lucky, but 3 sours regularly on draft?!!! I'm in heaven.
My current favorite is the Mr.Pitz. Lip puckering sour with a hint of vinegar on the back end, it's not for the lager loving beer novice.
There's something on draft for everyone and they serve pitchers! Where else can you get a pitcher of craft draft?
I gave this a 4/5 because after 3 visits I still haven't tried any food.
Pros: 
urban open concept with exposed concrete
Live music
Sour beers
Pitchers available
Great mural artwork
Large enough to accommodate parties
Picnic style seating that encourages mingling with other beer like minded people
Had such a nice afternoon drinking here! Our waiter was extremely knowledgeable about the beers on tap and helped us decide what to eat (everything looked so good on the menu!) we ended up splitting fries, a chicken broccoli pizza, the pretzel, and an order of Brussel sprouts. The food was to die for! Between 4 people we all only spent about $23 and left full and tipsy.
I'd been wanting to go to Roy Pitz since they opened up, as I love a good brewery (for the brews, the food, and the good vibes). 

Roy Pitz did not disappoint. The menu is extensive, the prices are reasonable, and the space is really cool. 

I had the barrel burger and oh my god YUM. Perfectly cooked, flavorful toppings, and the fries were good to boot. I also had the pretzel and was SO impressed. It was buttery and tasty, and the cheese and sweet mustard sauces provide the perfect complement to the pretzel. 

I also did a flight of some of their beers- my favorites were the cherry sour and the pretzel hose (the beer is made with pretzels!!!). They make a really good sour if that's your jam. 

Service was prompt and really friendly. We came in last minute as a large group and they were more than accommodating. Go go go!
We came to the Barrel House as part of a brewery tour bus. I wasn't sure what to expect here give that our tour guide mentioned this place was known for their sours (and I really don't like sours!), but was pleasantly surprised when I got here. We got to check out their yeast room where they keep their various strains of yeast used in the brewing process. It may look like a mad scientist's lab with beakers and test tubes everywhere, but you could tell there as a method to the madness. 

This was the dinner stop on our tour, and the food here was pretty good. I got the Cuban sandwich, which was good, though I prefer a bit more mustard (and should have asked for some on the side!). Fresh cut fries to top it off, and it was a great meal. 

Parking seemed to be a bit of a challenge, we ended up parking in a lot up the street and walking here.
