We had a wonderful time here for a girls gathering over the weekend! The place is adorable and has all of the Parisian vibes, including the music. The ambiance is definitely on point! Although we sat inside, the courtyard and few bistro tables outside were nice options and something I'll keep in mind next time I'm looking for an outdoor dining/drinks experience. 

The cocktails were so strong and so solid and alone, worthy of a return visit! I sampled all of my friend's drinks including the punch with THREE different types of rum. I enjoyed them all although they varied in taste very much. For myself though, I thoroughly enjoyed the one with lavender gin. It tasted JUST like spring! I actually believe it's seasonal and it didn't see it in their online menu. I then moved onto 'The Other One' which was Olmeca Altos Blanco Tequila, pamplemousse rose, campari, lime, ginger. I would be lying if I didn't choose it mostly because I wanted an excuse to say "pamplemousse", my favorite French word. It was crisp and refreshing with just the right amount of grapefruit that it wasn't so tart. 

Our table was more there for drinks, but a creamy omelette with side greens and steak tartare were shared and very well liked! The menu is classically Parisian with plates such as escargot and foie gras. Definitely a more difficult place for vegans, not impossible for vegetarians however. The dinner menu looks even more accommodating to veg-heads, so perhaps I'll come again then! 

Our service was suburb and super friendly and what really made the visit extra special besides the killer cocktails, decor and great company, was running into actor Jason Segel, who apparently frequents the joint often while he's in town filming a series to AMC. He was kind to everyone, including myself. He insisted on taking a selfie for me of us. Keep your eyes peeled the next time you're around here and you too can have your own episode of 'How I Met Jason Segel'. 

I'm very much looking forward to return visits here and checking out their burlesque shows!! Ooh la la!
I had such a fabulous time at RB. Right when you walk in you can see and feel the wonderful ambiance and the host greets you. You have the option to sit at the bar, in the booths along the right side of th return OR you can do what we did and go upstairs and sit outside on their patio. What a lovely area. There is a second bar on the second floor as well. The outdoor patio is lined with string lights and whoever did the planters did a great job. 

Service here is top notch. They refill your water glasses, they fold your napkins when you step away from your table and they replace your silverware between dishes. 

We ordered the fried olives (which are filled with pork). Omg what a treat. I could eat those little bits of heaven all day. Next up was the scallops and burger with fries. Both meals were awesome. The scallops are breaded in polenta and then sautéed. LOVED. The mushrooms in the dish were cooked perfectly (not soggy). Apparently the burger has been getting great reviews and now is one of "Philly's best burgers." I can concur that it was delicious. 

Of course we had dessert, duh. The warm beignets were little puffs of happiness and were served with a side of Nutella and creme. 

Overall this place has become one of my new favorite resturants in the city. I cannot wait to come back here and try other things on their menu. Sensationnel (*kisses fingers and raises hand*)!
Let me start this review off by saying, Royal Boucherie has easily become one of my new favorite restaurants in Philly. 

My boyfriend took me here for a surprise birthday dinner a few weeks ago and we're still talking about how incredible both the food and drinks were. Although I enjoyed everything, the following were the standouts...

Royal Punch: sweet but strong! The fruit definitely masks the alcohol which is just how I like my cocktails!

Bay Scallops and Sea Urchin: delicious! The apple, fennel, and mustard seed in it made it so unique! This was from the raw bar and came six to an order. It was perfect to start the night!

Pork Stuffed Fried Olives: the fact that they only cost $5 astounds me because they are just SO FREAKING GOOD! Yes, it's definitely just a snack (hence on the snack menu) so don't expect to fill up on these, but they are great to have at the table while enjoying your drink and chatting with your friends/family/date. My boyfriend and I already said we would get them again (and he doesn't even like olives!). 

Baked Oysters: first time ever having baked oysters! I love oysters in general and love anything warm and baked, so you know I was all about these! 

Lobster Farfalle: lobster? Truffle butter? Lots of carbs and cheese? I'm into it! Although this entree wasn't anything quite as unique and special as all the others mentioned above, it was still a stellar dish that I really enjoyed. 

Beignets: do NOT pass up on this dessert! Beignets in general are great, but they were fantastic here. They came with Nutella and crème glacée sauce (think, liquified ice cream) for dipping which were both excellent. Although I'm usually all about Nutella, I actually favored the other a bit more! If you can't choose between the two, do what my boyfriend did and dunk each beignet into both! ;)

The only meal that did not impress me as much was the Boucherie Burger (one of the two entrees we ordered and shared). In no way did I dislike it, but everything else was just a bit more memorable to me. One thing I will say is that if you're a fan of burgers, get it! My boyfriend said it was one of the best he's ever had!

Service and the overall atmosphere was wonderful. The dim lighting and posh, but cozy, seating made it feel very romantic. 

One thing I did take note of is that their restrooms are located on the second floor which requires walking up a flight of stairs. Not sure if they have an elevator, but just something to keep in mind if you want to make sure everything is wheelchair accessible. 

Overall, I don't have enough good things to say about this restaurant! Royal Boucherie, you can definitely count on me returning!
Think old school literal colonial era pub with some upgraded food and tremendous service. That's really what you're going to get here  I really enjoyed their unusual combinations of delicious food and high-end service in a pub like atmosphere. The room is really simple,  even rustic maybe, but when they throw some unbelievably tasty food in front of you kind of forget that you're in a not perfect space. Seems like most of the appetizers and desserts are made for sharing, while the entrees are very unique in flavor and presentation.  They do feature a really great wine list along with a usual suspects type beer menu that you'd expect in a pub like this. I didn't get a romantic vibe in any way, but if you're looking for a cool place to meet, have some drinks, share some food... this place is pretty good.
Stopped by for a drink and snack before dinner this past Sunday evening.

The interior is dark, sexy, and secluded. You enter through a heavy curtain, very reminiscent of the curtain at Double Knot.

We grabbed a seat at the (sprawling) bar. The bartender immediately greeted us - he was warm, friendly, and professional.

My partner, friend, and I all ordered specialty cocktails. I chose The Gibson (or "martini adjacent" as I described it). It was delicious. 

For a snack, we shared the Pork Stuffed Fried Olives. Crazy delicious! Salty, crunchy, and savory. The perfect snack to pair with the Gibson.

Can't wait to come back and have some more of the menu.
Unlike Meghan Markle, we can't all be royals, but luckily you can get royal treatment at Royal Boucherie. 

Ambiance: Pros: Great spot for a cozy date. Cons: dim lighting makes for terrible food pics.

Food: The beef tartare and duck were both amazing. We also enjoyed the pork terrine  The menu is French but not too uppity. True to its name (boucherie means butcher shop) the menu leans a bit meat heavy (although there are seafood options). Your veg friends would have a few salad options but thats it. 

Drinks: They have a small selection of beers, and a nice wine and cocktail list. Also appreciate that they have some great looking mocktails (cus all my friends are currently pregnant it seems)

Service was great, definitely recommend checking it out!
I had the pleasure of having brunch at Royal Boucherie the other week. Very easy location to get to and with their menu, you must make it a priority to grab a bite here. Loved the style and decor inside RB, all the dark wood and mood lighting.

I haven't had a Salad Lyonnaise in years and was overly happy to be able to have it here AND for it to be absolutely delicious. I do agree with some of the other reviews, two poached eggs could have made it even better. But all the ingredients were fresh, loved the frisee, the sherry vinaigrette had just the right tartness to it. My friend had gotten a burger and fries, loved every bite. I did enjoy a lovely refreshing cocktail here but can't remember the name of it. 

Service was great, didn't feel rushed at all, checked in on us here and there, and quickly refilled water glasses.

Things I want to try next Brunch, Eggs en Cocotte, pork fat fries.. The dinner menu looks insane! Escargot, Shaved Veal & Pork Belly, Steak Tartare, Skate, Pork Cheek.. I could go on for days. I definitely need to make my next reservation ASAP.
I love this place. I wish I lived on top of it so I could come here every day. The first time I visited was for a YYE. I knew I would be back but sooner than I thought because I'd left something behind, an old flip phone (long story) that everyone got a kick out of.

I brought my family this time. They immediately loved it too. The atmosphere here is old Victorian. Dark, moody, romantic, sophisticated and when the floor to ceiling wooden doors are opened in a small alcove just beyond the bar it's almost like being in a European country. 

The staff is great. Welcoming, friendly and attentive without being overbearing. The bartender made us fantastic drinks and the oysters were amazing. Even my mom who had never had them on the half shell was ready to wolf down another dozen. 

They have such a variety of seating arrangements that they can easily adapt to so many different entertainment purposes. Casual chitchatting at the banquettes in the alcove, belly up to the candle lit bar, have dinner in a booth, hold a work Happy Hour in the room at the back, rent the second floor dining room for a private Birthday party or chill on the outside terrace. You get it. It's great!
A romantic and charming experience. We've gone here twice; once for drinks and the second to test the food. The atmosphere is dimly lit with dark wooden accents that feel cozy and very European. We started with the duck meatballs which had a wonderful creamy sauce and delightful seasoning. For dinner I had the scallops which were decent sized and super flavorful. My partner had the steak which was cooked wonderfully and full of flavor in the sauce. He also ordered the old fashioned which was mad deliciously. Highly recommend if you're interested in a fantastic taste experience: a little pricey but worth it and about average price for this type of dining experience.
This place is fabulous for drinks. It's dimly lit and welcomingly cozy for dates or a spot to catch up with friends. There's ample bar seating, with a cute little lounge type area right by the front window. Then there's booths linking the side and back portions. 

I ended up here both nights I was staying in Philly funny enough. The first night was just drinks, with a great tasting negroni and then ending with a lovely sparkling rose. We also had the pork rinds, which my friend raved about. I was a little skeptical, since the last time I had pork rinds was in junior high out of a bag, but these are a total step up! They're an ample portion, crispy and delicious. Not just air, you can actually taste the pork.

Then next night we came around 10pm after an event. I was starving and they were done offering their dinner menu and just had a late night snack menu. Since I'm gluten free, a lot of the snacks were off limits since they were either fried or involved bread. I was bummed as I was getting hangry. So I ordered an odd mix of shrimp cocktail and a charcuterie board. The shrimp were fresh and delicious, but only 4 pieces. Totally fine if you're good with light snacks. The charcuterie board was also pretty large with a wide array of meats, and of course fresh pickles. I killed the pickles and had a handful of meat pieces, but couldn't finish the whole tray without getting the meat sweats. I wish there were more options available to me, but I get it. 

I'd love to check this spot out for dinner, as the actually dinner menu looked fab. Next time!
I was here last March, 2017 for a Women in Whiskey tasting event and I was absolutely floored by the beautiful decor, the decorative warmth of the upstairs room where the event was held and the great service we received from all. As if it couldn't get any better the food in its presentation, execution and taste was five star all the way. I went home Happy and satisfied vowing to write an eloquent five star review. And then life intervened and I forgot. 

Fast forward To the spring time and I had another opportunity to Visit RB during the day where we had appetizers and in-house developed  cocktails - again another fabulous visit.

Two nights ago, December 2018 I decided to try it for happy hour and my satisfaction was just as great.

Let me start with the fabulous raw bar from which Jim prepared me a jumbo shrimp cocktail which consisted of the freshest , plump jumbo shrimp you can imagine. The cocktail sauce was a pleasant accompaniment. 
Onto Cured Scallops which were perfectly and symmetrically chopped scallops with lemon, chives and olio verde inside a pretty seashell. I was in seafood heaven because Royal really knows how to do a raw bar. 
Equally impressive was the bar where I had a cocktail while enjoying my raw bar items. For my selection tonight I opted to go with the bartenders choice which was tequila, agave, red wine, lime juice. It really worked as a tasty, visually appealing drink. Going to ask them to make that for me next time. 

The bar seating area is very comfortable and the patrons are friendly and conversant which is probably due to how comfortable and pretty it actually is. People just feel relaxed here. 

The three bartenders Frank,Adam and Ryan made my HH experience a joy. They were happy and had smiles on their faces, quick to make a great drink and just very pleasant all around. Funny thing Is, they kinda looked like brothers to me. You be the judge when you go in. 

So now that I finally wrote a review for a place that I really have come to love, I'll finish by saying my best friend and I are coming in for our annual Christmas brunch very soon. And I've invited another friend of mine to do happy hour next week. 
    It's that good !
I went to Royal Boucherie with a large group of 14 people this week (early October). We were lucky to grab a reservation for that many people only a few hours before we arrived. 

We started with some cheese and charcuterie boards. Since we were a big group, they asked for minimal substitutions for our orders. Knowing the boards had some nuts mixed in, I opted not to have anything to keep things simple, but I secretly wished they could have made one board with no nuts or with nuts on the side. Even when the boards were brought out, and the servers were explaining the different selections, there were inconsistencies in what contained nuts, so I knew to stay away.

I was starving by the time dinner came and ready to enjoy my steak au poivre. My steak was perfectly cooked to MR and was delicious, but a bit fatty. I do wish there was a bit more Pomme de Terre or more simply stated as mashed potatoes since I was still a little hungry after I finished my meal.

Despite being a large group, the service was good, and it didn't take too long for our meals to come out. The entire space is dimly lit and would be the perfect place for an intimate dinner.

We didn't have desserts, so I opted to have one additional glass of wine as dessert when I got back to my hotel.
I have eaten two times. Tonight felt much better then a month ago. The space is interesting. It looks like and old time bar oyster house, but the menus is french, the music is Modern mix. I'm not sure what they are. The service is first rate. Observed all the points of service. Perfect misc en place . The food is very good in every way and I think very fairly priced. Look at my pics for the food. Oysters, duck, chicken, lobster and foie gras. Life is good. Try it!
What a pleasure to eat here!

My friend David and I had some free time and empty bellies to take care of before a music event in Old City so we made a decision to try Royal Boucherie rather than our usual place, Sassafras. Wise choice.

The evening was hot but rather than a blast of air conditioning, we sat in a snug area off the bar by the large, open windows and had the street and some wonderful sidewalk musicians as entertainment. The interior of the place is lots of dark wood and gave an overall comfortable feeling.

We ordered drinks and while I cannot remember what we got, I know they were excellent. David got something with cynar in it and I had a deeply refreshing, citrussy iced thing with dry gin. Neither was cloying.

We chose some appetizers/small plates and I will say this-if you order nothing else here to go with your drinks, get the fried, pork stuffed olives. Thank me later. Along with those bites of bliss, we got the freshly made pork rinds-a huge serving- which melts in your mouth, a beet salad and something called barbajawns. They were nothing special. Sort of like tiny, savory pop tart type pastries, filled with a leek and pea puree and a side dipping sauce. I'd skip these the next time for more of those incredible olives.

Service was attentive and friendly and we wanted for nothing. David and I  both agreed that coming back here for dinner is a must do, and I will definitely sneak here alone for a leisurely lunch.

This is top notch, well made fare in a comfortable, non-stuffy environment. GO!
My boyfriend surprised me for by birthday and took me here.  It was the most romantic dinner we've had in the city, I would argue. We loved it.  Warm ambience.  Carefully crafted food.  Elegant menu.  Just lovely.  Do not take picky eaters here, side note.  Take someone that truly enjoys food.  

I hope we find an excuse to come back
Omg, this is such a cute little restaurant! I actually just made another reservation lol. It's that good!

I loved every single dish. Everything was so good, from the taste to the presentation. I had such a wonderful experience here. 

My favorite dish would definitely be the uni and scallop, it's literally my two favorite items in one. *drools* Next fave is the escargot. I didn't think it'll come in so many pieces. It comes in this cute little pot but inside had so many pieces. Then, the foie gras was interesting and of course good. Its just I never had it cooked this way but it was just interesting. Lastly, the lobster pasta was very very good. The lobster was fresh, you can tell it's not frozen pieces. It was a bit expensive in my opinion for pasta. 

The dessert was okay, it didn't "wow" me.

Can't wait to come back with my mom soon.
What a feat I've accomplished. Despite rarely making it home to Philly (full-time New Yorker these days), I've conquered The Holy Trinity: Nick Elmi Edition. A very good family friend of ours happens to be an equally close friend of Mr. Elmi's, and being the big foodie that she is, she's pretty much become the chef's personal troubadour since his Top Chef win. And for good reason: Nick Elmi, once again, wields versatility, creativity and finely-tuned execution in his third endeavor. While all of Chef Elmi's spots are French at their roots, Royal Boucherie feels like a classic Brasserie. The vibe is consistent enough here that you forget it's actually quite a new establishment. The cocktail menu--as expected given my experience at ITV--is original and overall fabulous, and the food menu, well, I'll get to that later. The gist: you can't go wrong. We didn't receive a bad thing all night. 

Came here on Saturday night at 7:30 with the bf and my parents. Our mission (read: my mission, one I'd be enforcing with frighteningly authoritarian precision): try everything on the menu. As I alluded to in the intro, the space itself feels to be set in a different era. An old French pub with a well-kept secret: the brews are solid but the food is magnificent. Before looking at the food menu, I like to settle in with a cocktail. Royal Boucherie is a great place to do just that.

Dom Carullo is the head mixologist at Royal Brasserie, and he's thoughtfully paired some adapted classics with a number of his own creations to make the cocktail menu here consistently solid. I tried the 
Royal Punch on Tap (Cognac, Rums, Lemon, Tea, Spices), which is a fantastic winter drink. Rich, complex and warming. Not overly sweet or boozy--great proportions. I also tried my dad's "A Very Stable Genius" (Vodka, Aperol, Vanilla-Orange Cordial, Allagash White), which, along with having perhaps the greatest name of all cocktails, was innovative and delicious. And clearly brand new--it's dated 2018 on the menu.

Food-wise, Royal Boucherie is stellar in every area. Raw, cooked, seafood, poultry, warm, cold--you've got it all. The small plates here are pretty light, so you can get away with ordering a decent number of them in addition to entrees without feeling stuffed. Our eats, below: 

Charcuterie Board: A
Highlights for us were the Sweetbread Terrine w/ apple pureé and Pork Terrine. Rich and flavorful. For the small option, you still get a good array of meats without being overwhelmed. 

Chilled Razor Clam w/ Celery, Apple, Horseradish: A+
Very different from most of our plates this evening but still wonderful. Beautifully presented, delicate flavors that went together perfectly. 

Baked Cape May Salt Oysters w/ Mignonette Stuffing: A+
I hardly remember these because we inhaled them so quickly. Flavorful without losing the essence of the oyster. 

Smoked Salmon Pavé Crispy Potato, Cucumber, Chervil, Roe: A+
I want to say this was one of my favorites even though every plate was kind of my favorite. I just adore salmon. Done multiple ways, layered on top of each other with perfectly crispy potato separating each layer--magic. Taken to the next level when combined with the salad. 

Baby Kale Salad w/ Apple, Turnip, Candied Pecan, Buttermilk Vinaigrette: A
Not just a boring salad. Fresh and delicious with incredible dressing. Not to be ignored. 

Steak Tartare w/ Smoked Cheddar Tuile, Quail Egg, Mustard Greens, Grilled Rye Bread: A
More substantial than many of the steak tartare preparations I've tried. Quail egg for decadence and the cheddar tuile made for some great textural variety. My dad tends to be lukewarm on steak tartare and he gave it high marks, too.  

Champagne-braised Escargot w/ Chartreuse Hazelnut Butter, Crisp Baguette: A
Decadent and delicious. There's no other way to do escargot. 

Seared Duck Breast w/ Fermented Quince, White Sweet Potato, Turnip: A+
As well-executed as I've ever seen. We were served duck at Laurel during my last trip to Philly, and that blew me away too. The way Chef Elmi conceptualizes his duck dishes is the paragon of how one should approach it. Delicious and elevated even more by the sweet potatoes--a winter warmer, for sure. Don't skip this one. 

Lamb Crepinette w/ Parsnip, Rutabaga, Parsley Root, Preserved Lemon Gremolade: A+
This felt like a true "brasserie" type dish. They actually cook the lamb such that a super thin layer of bread soaks into the lamb, making the outside slightly crispy and all the more delicious. The meat was cooked perfectly and the flavors were sublime. These last two dishes made use of some great winter veggies and starches, which I appreciated. 

Overall, 4.5 stars. I gave Laurel and ITV five and they were just a teensy smidge "better". Still, at Royal Boucherie we felt taken care of, our plates were coursed out such that we had time to digest and reflect, and the warm vibes of the space made the experience all the more enjoyable.
With all of these wonderful reviews I was sooooo looking forward to a 4.5 star evening.  With that in mind, I was disappointed, although I had no serious complaints, just taste observations.

I started with the escargot.  Good tasting tender snails, but not a "blow your mind" type appetizer choice. 3.5 stars.

For an entree i ordered the conchiglie with lobster, and what was supposed to be in the dish, truffle butter and chilis, both of which were not noticeable.  The pasta shells were cooked a little more than al dente; the lobster, although tasty, was less in appearance that what was expected for the price.  It was just OK, and that was about all I can say about that dish. 3 stars

Our server was either spread to thin, or just hard to find at times.  Although, when he was around, he was very helpful and knew his stuff.

Three stars = A-OK and I agree with that assessment.
Great rehab of the space.  The atmosphere of dark browns, with a tin ceiling and exposed brick establishes an appropriate French bistro vibe.  

Began with the steak tartare.  It was spicy and flavorful; really good.  However, the piece of bread it was served on was too thick.  Speaking of bread, its French bistro cred took a hit by not serving bread and butter to start the meal. 

One large plate was the lamb crepinette, which was described as a kind of lamb turducken.  It was ground lamb and lamb sausage wrapped in caul around a lamb bone.  It was interesting, albeit a bit too salty.  It came over a selection of root vegetables, which I was suppose was seasonally correct, but also rather boring.  It would have been better served over white beans, and with some greens, such as Brussels Sprouts.  The other large plate was the pork chop special.  It was more like pork belly than a chop; it had a substantial amount of fat.  It came with roasted potatoes. 

There were only five wines by the glass.  The red from Cahors was the best.  The two Italian ones (at a French bistro?!?!?!) were too acidic and dull on flavor. 

The music - Soft Cell, Tainted Love, for example - was an odd choice and diminished from the overall effect.  The service was very crisp.
I've had an extremely busy few weeks and I decided to have a night of krista tonight!! I've been wanting to try here for a while now and was super bummed I missed out on a pop up finger lakes wine night...

So I sat at the bar and started with a wonderful gruner Vetliner sparkling (rare find) the bartender recommended. I asked for a few of his favorites for dinner he suggested the burger and the lobster pasta..obviously I landed on the lobster pasta and as for appetizers he recommended the stuffed fried olives which I'm sure are great but I'm not a big olive eater and the chicken liver mousse. I normally would have hopped on the chicken liver but I was already invested in the pasta.

I had the scallop crudo I which was slightly too oily for my taste but still good with the scallop and grapefruit combo and I think poppy seeds? Give it a try I think I just had too much finishing oil...large portions, you get two huge scallop shells filled with the stuff!

The lobster pasta was absolutely amazing! The pasta had a nice bite to it and the lobster is melt in your mouth...what an amazing combination!! I honestly could have finished it but I wanted more for later...so I had maybe a quarter..ok maybe an 8th of it boxed up.

I was so happy to see an old friend/ex bartender of kanella south she made sure to briefly stop by from time to time in between tables! She and the bartender (micah) informed me of some great up coming events which hopefully I can make..

All in all my experience was top notch from start to finish, will be back and recommend 10 out of 10. Ambiance is great for a date night (dark with cool music) just like you'd expect from royal izakaya or the tavern but with some seriously upscale food and an amazing wine/cocktail menu. Plus you can easily dine solo and make small talk with the friendly staff!
The burger here is a religious experience. 

It's not only stupid good... it tastes science good! 
What does that even mean? Right? 

I think that they used the principles of science in cooking to make this burger better. 

It started long in depth conversations about surface area, multiple patties vs 1 large patty, bun ratios, and the maillard effect. 

First off, this burger has two patties. I know what you're probably saying to yourself right now. Why do two thin patties when you can do one hunk of love. Ok Elvis, calm down. Two patties allows for more surface area. Two patties allows the meat to kiss more of the grill. 

And we all know that more kissing is better #science. 

The pickles are definitely pickled in house or close to it. 
Cheese is perfectly melted 
Bun is brioche #NeedISayMore 
Bacon is included- cause they smart. 

I mean this is definitely on my list of top 3 best burgers. I know what you're saying... up until now... your burger sounds pretty basic. 

It is beauty in the most simplest things done right that I enjoy in life. This burger is simple perfection. 

Now... I will say that I had worked my tail off that day with not much to eat. That could have been a contributing factor. 

It was late at night and with a bunch of awesome people. That might have been a contributing factor. 

We were basically only customers in the restaurant and we had an EXCELLENT server. Service was impeccable the entire time. That might have been a contributing factor. 

But I'm telling you, that was one damn good burger. 

Comes with Pork Fat Fries. I like the cut on these... couldn't really taste the pork fat... but I'm fine with that.

One thing we had which we really didn't enjoy was the crudo. And they forgot that we had ordered a cheese plate, but were nice enough to bring it on the house at the end of the meal when we told them about the mistake. 

Shrimp cocktail was delish. 

But oh man, that burger. I'll come back there for that burger.
This restaurant is historic and beautiful. You can almost feel the ghosts of our founding fathers! It is dimly lit, yet welcoming.  We enjoyed a fabulous lunch with 6 friends. 
The oyster selection was mouth watering. Pair those beauties with champagne and it's a party! 
We also shared a crab salad and their house burger with truffled mayonnaise. Delish. I recommend adding shrimp to the crab salad, which we did. 
We were welcome to take our time there, and enjoy the table conversation as much as the food. 
After lunch, take some time to walk the historic cobblestone streets and admire the charming architecture surrounding the restaurant.
I always get Sticker Shock when we go to a Philly restaurant that isn't a BYO and that's what happened here.  We got a $63 bottle of wine, which was one of the less expensive selections.  Next time, and most likely there will be a next time, we may just opt for a cocktail or beer to keep the price more within reason.  But I digress . . .

We opted for sharing small plates, with only one full size entrée being ordered.  It was more than enough food for the 2 of us.

The Fried Olives were amazing as was the "Petite Sale" which was Shaved Veal and Pork Belly served over a piece of toasted crusty bread.  Those 2 items alone are enough for a return visit.

The Barramundi Crudo was also delicious as was the Skate Wing.

Two small plates that we found in the "just ok" category were the Beet Salad and the surprisingly blah Rabbit Terrine with grain mustard, Frisee and Toast.

So before tip, the bill came to around $162.  There are still enough items on the menu that sound interesting enough to warrant another visit.
We came for brunch on my second visit to the Royal Boucherie. The first time was for dinner and I don't recall it being particularly memorable. Anyway, I had an open faced shaved veal and pork belly sandwich, with the toast layered with what tasted like a horse radish spread and sliced pickles sprinkled on the top. This came with the option of either a side of pork fat fries or salad. It was okay, not great and at $14, pretty disappointing for brunch. My husband had the French toast ($12) which was basically a sliced banana, ice cream and French toast. We also shared a foie gras terrine ($21) which was probably the best thing we ate here today. Service wise, our waitress was great, very attentive and accommodating.
I'm a little bummed to report that my first meal here post-vaccination was a bit disappointing. Primarily because my memories of this place were so wonderful. Maybe it was an off night, but the food was lacking. The escargot tasted like the ocean... as in that was all we tasted. I ordered mussels that also tasted a bit fishy and the broth was barely existent. My friend ordered the chicken and sauerkraut and it was lacking seasoning and flare. A chicken placed on sauerkraut. My other dining partner ordered the charcuterie board and couldn't eat the toast that he described as "stale" tasting. He actually told the server so he could get bread so he could enjoy his board. This was one of the more exciting places in the city. It made me a bit sad.
I had a wonderful lunch with my significant other a few days ago at this non-descript storefront.   The menu had a French bent and this is always a draw for me.   

My dining partner and I shared multiple dishes here and it's worth returning to Old City to lunch here.   We started with the snails in an herb, garlic, butter sauce and a good chunk of whole wheat baguette to sop up the wonderful sauce that accompanied the tender snails.

We followed this with the fois gras terrine.   The fois gras was layered with cocoa (yes cocoa) and served with baguette slices, a mead gelee, and macerated dried fruit.    It was different but delicious and definitely something I would order again.

We also ordered the steak tartare which was only a slight disappointment.   It was purportedly served with quail egg yolk but we could not tell as it arrived at the table premixed.   It was a bit spicy as were the cheese tuiles that accompanied them.

The shaved veal and pork belly sandwich was served open faced with thin slices your cornichons on a thick slice of multigrain bread.   The fries that accompanied this sandwich were some of the best fries I have ever eaten

For dessert we ordered the beignets.  Six round cinnamon and powdered sugar dusted rounds arrived with a delicious mocha sauce and creme anglaise. 

Service here was ok but by an uninspired server.   Coffee was served with cream that had curdled and by the time
our coffee was served we were almost finished eating dessert.

Rear of the restaurant is dark but there are 4 tables near the windows at the front.   Restrooms are up a flight of stairs and therefore are not h/c accessible.  Parking lots are across the street and the meter maids cycle by the meters every 30 minutes.i
Came here twice this month! the menu offers a great selection and after 2 visits, i can finally comment on all the items that caught my attention!

Small stuff:

Pork stuffed olives
good and interesting! but not my favorite lol

smoked trout croquette
this encompassed a lot of the elements i like in an appetizer! surely, it was my favorite of the small items~ the dipping sauce of chipotle mayo and paprika was an awesome compliment to the croquette!  perfectly round and fried with a crispy coat.  inside is nice and mushy haha.  i would recommend this over the pork stuffed olives!

Duck meatballs
another dish of round balls lol this was super tender! a bit like a swedish meatball but better lol if you have room, this would be a good addition to your selection.

Escargot
looks can be deceiving.  i agree this app lacks presentation but let me assure that this worth trying! i have no idea how they turn the sauce green but it's very creamy with a nice balance from the garlic!  great for dipping the baguette in and also with the fried olives!  the dish is easily good for sharing between 2-3 people.  the portion is fair despite the miniature serving pot.

Prosciutto (special of the night)
i was never a big fan of charcuterie but i thought the prosciutto was very delicious! the flavor was there, the portion was good, the size of the slices was great! i would def get this again!

entrees:

Seared scallops
very creamy and nicely seared.  it comes with some root veggies and they go really well with the scallop.  one of my favorites! 

Lamb sirloin
i had the lamb twice and it didn't disappoint! very mild in gaminess but super flavorful from its execution.  maybe garlic is involved~ i couldn't really tell but this is a must-get for me! 

Duck breast
duck was good! decent portion~ i love it how it also included some confit with the breast but compared to everything else, this wasn't memorable.  don't get me wrong, it was still very good!

Lobster farfalle
if you're a pasta fan, this is your dish.  i loved the hint of truffle butter in there.  The truffle wasn't overpowering the lobster and everything blended very well! typically, a lot of truffle hinted pasta tends to all taste similar and mimic each other after a while.  this was different.  it wasn't the star of the night but really nice side dish to go with the meal.  this is good for sharing.

service was wonderful~ i love everything about this restaurant and can't wait to plan another visit!
What a wonderful dinner! Everything was amazing and I am def. coming back. 

The pork stuffed olives were a great snack to start with and then we had a cheese board and salad. For entree I enjoyed the cod dish and my husband had the burger and duck fat fries. He seriously said it was "the best burger I ever had." That is a huge compliment coming from him! 

Oh And the cocktails were amazing! I had the 'Peas Don't Go' and it was perfect. 

Cheers!
Absolutely phenemonal execution of classic French dishes with touches of contemporary flavor combinations.

We started with the chicken liver mousse. Its insanely smooth and light. Almost whipped. The flavors are not "livery" at all. It tastes like a butter, cheese, and meat spread. You need to order this. It blows all other liver mousse I've ever had out of the water.

The foie terrine was extremely well executed. The texture was perfectly smooth. If the mousse was light whipped butter, this was solid butter. The foie's fat combined really well with the light acidic flavors of the fruit. A classic time-tested flavor combo.

The escargots were a bit less amazing. The texture of the snail was robust and firm yet soft on the bite. Good. However, the herb combination the snails swam in I found slightly too grassy for my taste. This applies to both the grassy flavor and slightly gritty texture. I'd love to see this dish made a bit less bitter and also pressed through a fine sieve. The snails have enough texture and grit that its not needed in the sauce. Picky things. This was still a pretty good dish.

The lamb belly and lamb loin was perfectly executed. The belly was still intact, but melted on the palate. Perfect. The loin stacked on the fork with the belly fat was the perfect combo of  fat and protein. The loin was tender and juicy. Its not my favorite cut of meat. But with the belly it was quite good. It definitely did not have an overwhelming lamby gameness.

We finished the meal with an Italian digestif, which really nicely cleansed the palate and gave me a but of renewed energy after the substantial meal. 

The price was fair and I felt this meal was a good value. Definitely visit if you're looking for a dinner somewhere between casual and fine dining.
tl;dr an informal French bistro, featuring stellar charcuterie and an extensive bar list, but with some notable shortcomings

My partner and I have been venturing to try an assortment of different restaurants around Philly this summer, and Royal Boucherie made our shortlist.

The space is sophisticatedly intimate, dimly lit by candles and antique lamps spread out along bookshelves and the staircase. The wooden tables pressed closely snugly together, beneath a black tin ceiling. The ornate bar showcases an assortment of high-end liquors and a station of oysters on ice.

My partner and I decided to try the Smoked Salmon Toast, the Pork-Stuffed Fried Olives, the Charcuterie Board, and the Boucherie Burger. Our toast had a familiar smokiness, balanced out by the acidic vinegary-ness of capers. The toast was thick, and while the crust had a nice grilled crisp, the middle was too textureless for my liking. The olives provided a nice structure for the fried breading, and were served with a tasty aioli; however, I felt they were on the expensive side for how small the dish was. Our charcuterie was the star of our meal, featuring generous portions of chicken liver mousse, sweetbread terrine, coppa (pork collar), beef and pork belly prosciutto, and paprika-crusted pork sausage, alongside traditional pickles and jams. Our favorite was the smokey and fatty pork belly, but don't sleep on the terrine! Our meal was capped off with the burger, essentially a very upscale version of Shake Shack. I found it beyond flavorful but could've used a toasted bun that didn't disintegrate so quickly. I also would've liked the fries to be crispier.

While the food was enjoyable enough for the price (around $70 total), I have to knock an additional star off for the shockingly poor service. It felt like our waitress was somewhat pushy on having us order more food and drinks. Then, she went out of our way to ignore us, until other servers began noticing that we had spent 10 minutes trying to get her attention.

I find Old City restaurants carry a lot of hype, matched by exorbitant prices, but rarely live up to my high expectations. While Royal Boucherie is not too much of an exception, I will admit that it is a refreshing change of pace from the prototypical American restaurants that dominate the Philadelphia restaurant scene.
Everything was great - cocktails, apps, dinner, dessert. All delicious! Lobster farfalle and pork schnitzel were out of this world!
I was excited to hear that old city was getting a new restaurant. Better yet, it's a French-inspired bistro. It has an old-world, warm and woody feel with great lighting and an eager-to-please staff. The menu is a mix of small plates and entrees, with prices from reasonable to jaw-dropping. We tried the lamb meatballs, escargot and oysters to start, all of which were delicious. The burger was also a hit. One of the best burgers I've had in a while. The wine list is mostly French, which was expected. I would have liked to have seems some more modestly priced wines by the glass, or a house wine. One can hope for some happy hour specials to be added. I'd love to come back but the prices may put me off. Still, everything we tried was delicious and worth another visit.
Great atmosphere - dark but warm, open space, love the tin ceilings! Music was... early 90s? Siouxie, Pixies, etc. Interesting choice. 

Food was good - and some dishes were great! Get the sausage stuffed fried olives! They were excellent, and a steal at $5! Escargot were good (although the toasted baguette served with was a bit hard to work with). My friend had the foie gras special appetizer and seemed to love it. BUT... the steak au poivre, which we shared, was SMALL (for $30) and thin, gristly, fatty, and overcooked (we ordered it medium rare, came out medium well - well). The other components of the dish (potatoes, sauce) were great, but the protein was extremely disappointing. 

Cocktails were good (love the barware!), wine list is extensive and has some reasonable choices. 

Service was great. We were there for a loooong time and felt attended to but not rushed. 

All in all, I really enjoyed our meal there - and the atmosphere alone will get me back. But I may skip the entrees to focus on more of the small plates.
I think I need to give this restaurant another chance. Overall the service was okay. First beer my fiance ordered they did not pour it for him. The second beer they actually poured it and left over 2 inches of foam. Minor details but wouldn't expect it happening here. It also seemed like we weren't getting as much attention by our waiter as other diners. They weren't understaffed either but maybe just getting used to the layout of the restaurant and where things are located. 
 
The food was okay. The only thing I would love to order again is the smoked trout croquettes. The lobster farfalle was underwhelming. If you tried the sauce by itself you could taste the truffle. Unfortunately, the pasta absorbed all the flavor of the sauce so the dish seemed bland. Lobster and pasta were cooked perfectly though. The lamb dish my fiance ordered had layers of flavor. Wish I ordered that! We really wanted dessert but it wasn't  appealing so we skipped it.

I would come back because I really want to try the charcuterie. Also of note, it's a very dark restaurant with music that didn't fit the ambiance.
I was spending sometime in Philly and wanted to try something new. The place its really nice, I really love the decor. 
Now the service its okay not the best but not rude. 

I found the food to be just okay with was a real disappointment since I love French cuisine and I find that Philly's restaurant barely disappoint.
ho-ly. COW. what a great little spot. this might be my new favorite spot seeing as I wanted EVERYTHING on the menu! 

My fiance and i came here with another couple on their recommendation and royal boucherie did NOT disappoint. We made a reservation and were about 5 minutes late but they were accommodating and our table was already waiting for us. Cocktails were fantastic although maybe a little pricey but nothing crazier than what you see at any higher end place.  

We started with the small charcuterie which served 4 people perfectly - we had 5 different meats all with at least 4 pieces so everyone got to try everything. We also got a dozen oysters which were amazing but I couldn't tell you anything about them as I am not well-versed in oysters. Our last appetizer was a must-try for me: champagne braised escargot in a chartreuse hazelnut butter. This escargot was not only the best I've ever had but probably one of the best things I've ever eaten. How can you go wrong with hazelnut butter?! 

For dinner my fiance ordered the lobster farfalle which was delicious and full of flavor. The pasta tasted homemade so if it was not, I would be impressed. I had the burger which was just as stellar as it sounds- I couldn't resist truffle mayo so that's where we're at. 

I saw they are also offering brunch so that is going on my to-try list immediately!!
Hosted a small business dinner at Royal Boucherie.  Delicious food in a great French bistro atmosphere. 

It's a narrow, slender room, with a long bar along the left wall and booths along the right, with a few low tables in the windowfront, with a few additional tables in a more private area towards the rear.  Exposed brick walls, a tin ceiling, antique light fixtures and low lighting set the ambiance. 

We were seated quickly, our reservation honored to the minute. Our server, Brian, orchestrated the meal well.  Orders accurate, served quickly and professionally.  Thank you! 

We started with a Charcuterie Board. Each component was described, but honestly I was so distracted by how good it looked, I didn't pay close enough attention to remember each thing.  One that stands out was a duck pate.  The different thin sliced meats were fresh, robust and distinct, each one better than the next.  The small Board was plenty for our party of 5 to share, and a great appetizer. 

At the bartenders recommendation, we also tried the wild mushroom toast.  This is a slice of toasted whole grain bread, piled high with wild mushrooms tossed in a Madiera cream sauce (a brown roux of vegetables, Madiera wine and cream).  The sauce is perfect for the mushrooms, and each bite is creamy and savory.   A great recommendation! 

For an entree, I tried the Steak Au Poivre.  This is a 10 oz. strip steak, dusted in cracked green peppercorns and broiled to a perfect medium rare.  The peppercorn-infused bark adds a distinct and flavorful dimension to the juicy steak.  The cut was not as tender as I've had, but still delicious. The steak is served atop a dollop of  pureed potatoes and sauced with peppercorn jus, adorned with shallot confit.

Others at the table enjoyed herb marinated salmon, a lobster roll and escargot.  Honorable mention to the escargot, braised in champagne and served in a small metal saucepan of chartreuse-hazelnut butter.  Instead of the usual in-shell, garlic-heavy escargot, the pan is brimming with succulent snails in a lighter, unusual sauce.  

The tab for 5 including 2 rounds of cocktails was $264, so reasonable for meal of this quality.  I recommend this spot in Old City.
We sat on the 2nd floor patio and it was a cute cozy outdoor space. Plenty of plants so it did feel more like a garden than just a roof. We started off with the cheese plate which I would get again solely for the honeycomb! So good! 

The spaghetti was pretty good I just wish it had more of a sauce. It was more like wet noodles than any type of sauce I can pinpoint, it's almost like it was a dish of mussels with some noodles in there. Overall, not too bad but not as flavorful as I hoped. 

The dessert was a pleasant surprise because I didn't see a dessert menu online to prepare lol but the chocolate hazelnut cake was amazing and I wish I took one to go because it wasn't something I wanted to share. The cake is also aesthetically pleasing, so pretty! I wish there were more options of cocktails that had tequila, but I got a glass of rose which went well with my dinner. I will definitely be back, even if it's just for a cheese plate and drink.
Go here!  The ambiance is warm, the staff is skilled, the fancy chef mills about, and the food is good.  The cocktails were very well done, with obvious attention to detail.  I recommend the Royal Punch.  For starters, we had the fried olives (every bar in the world should serve these) and foie gras. I enjoyed the steak au poivre for dinner (though it was just what it should be, nothing more or less) but the stand out was the lamb crepinette my friend had.  Meat stuffed in more meat?  Yes please.
came here with some friends on a sunday afternoon for some afternoon drinks out on the patio and had a nice time!

i ordered the lavender bow tie w/ kettle and it was beautiful and so refreshing! i really love this drink, definitely will be back for some more!

the patio was so adorable and the staff were so nice enough to dry off the chairs for us after the rain that happened. i can't wait to be back to try the food
It took some time, but I did make it back here for lunch. My only regret? Waiting for so long. 

Loving a good burger as I do, my menu perusal was brief. I was here on a Friday, as a stop over before visiting the Flower Show at the Convention Center. It was surprising to me that Royal Boucherie wasn't hoppin' but then I don't usually eat lunch in Center City; this may be the norm for that dining time slot. 

A pleasant reveal for you, in case you didn't know; Boucherie has a $2 martini special at weekday lunchtime. You can choose from the French Martini, the Gibson or the Cosmopolitan. The 'catch,' if you want to call it that, is that you have to order from the lunch menu to get the bargain (although these are made with top shelf ethanol) 'tini. I ordered the French and it was potent enough to keep me from ordering a second. Don't get too tipsy on your visit here. The bathrooms are upstairs (attractive facilities, I might add) and even with the handrail, you don't want to slide into (in)famy ascending or descending.

I love to read and never have enough time to keep up with books, periodicals and so on. In order to give myself the illusion of industry and being caught up, there is always a book or two and a New Yorker in my bag or backpack. I don't think I'd turned more than two pages when my medium rare Boucherie burger platter with pork fat fries (comes with) was slid in front of me. This is no slim happy hour slider masquerading as lunch chow. The patty is hefty, cooked precisely as I'd requested; just oozy and squishy enough (melting American cheese, truffle mayo) to satisfy the illicitness of burger eating but not so sloppy and drippy that I feared for the state of my clothing and shoes after consuming it. The bacon was salty and crisp enough to add contrast to the unctuousness of that meaty, cholesterol splendor but not so well done as to become tasteless and shard-like. 

Pickles are not particularly my Holy Grail of condiments but the ones that accompanied this burger suited it well. The fries, well, what can one say about pork fat cooked fries other than DAMN!? There was enough ketchup in a small dish on the plate to bathe each mouthful of fries. We all know that is frequently not the case, no matter how high or low end the dining room is. That sometimes makes William Randolph Hearst's grand table addition of a common Heinz bottle to the salt and pepper shaker set up seem wise rather than gauche. If you're a neurotic eater like me, you mentally calculate mouthfulls of spud to ounces of the red stuff so you don't come up dry as you reach the end of your fries.

In addition to very good and vigilant service whenever I've come here for food or drinks, the house sound track is just wonderful. It's probably something as prosaic as Spotify or Pandora but the volume is ideal and the programming is eclectic. It always adds to, rather than subtracts from, the ambiance. 

This is the kind of restaurant experience that makes me glad to be able to have a martini lunch, glad to be in Philly and most of all, glad to be alive. By all means, do sneak away for lunch here!
Came here with a friend to grab lunch. We got the crab Louie salad, escargot, duck fat fries and the duck.

The crab Louie salad was delicious! Lots of crab meat and we added shrimp on the side. The shrimp were huge!!

The duck fat fries, I've had better. It is not something I would order again.

The escargot was delicious. With the crusty bread they give to soak up all the deliciousness... it was heaven.

I will definitely be back when I come back to philly. Parking is street metered.
This was a great dining experience. The interior is sexy, dimly lit and vibrant. The food is exceptional. We celebrated a birthday here last night and it was perfect. We started with the roasted baby beets (with preserved lemon yogurt). They were fresh and delicious. The salmon mi-cut was small but mighty in flavor and the warm sourdough bread was such a great accompaniment to anything. I ordered the polenta-crusted skate wing. Oh my gosh. The flavors popped. Nestled around the fish was a cauliflower amandine and grapes that brought a touch of sweetness with salty. Also at our table was an order of the conchiglie with hearty chunks of lobster, the rigatoni & cauliflower bechamel that was creamy and delicious and an order of the coriander-crusted halibut. We ordered a variety of desserts...the creme brûlée as a stand out but all were delicious. The service was excellent and the cocktails were strong, creative and well balanced. Make your way here for a special occasion...even if that special occasion is just a night out with friends to treat yourself to a deliciously special meal.
I went to Royal Boucherie for the first time in the mid afternoon one weekend.  We were really going just for drinks, but we ended up ordering the charcuterie board while we were there, too. It was much bigger and more filling than we expected. We each ordered two drinks, including the corpse reviver, the san tropez, the punch and the venetian spritz. My favorites were the punch and san tropez, which was like a refreshing gin spritzer. I was not as big of a fan of the corpse reviver, and it tasted a little unexpected.  

Our charcuterie board was huge and delicious! It also included the chicken liver and pate, which were both nice to try. The waiter explained all the items well, and they even gave us extra bread when we still had more to eat! I will definitely want to go back for a full meal here and to try to sit on their rooftop!
Wow!!!! Top 5 best meals we've had in philly the oysters are phenomenal! The lobster farfadelle - perfectly al dente with hints of truffle... amazing. Braised Pork cheek - hands down, best thing on the menu. great drinks! And amazing attentive and helpful staff. We will 100% be back!!
I was so surprised by this place! 
Stumbled upon it because we couldn't find another nice place with their kitchen open past 10pm on a Saturday night in the Old City. 
The meatballs were ok - nothing great, but hit the spot. The duck hearts were cool for the novelty, but were like eating hot dogs (but the waitress told us that would be the case and boy was she right.)
The highlight of the meal was the lobster pasta dish. I would totally go to this place just for it. It ruled! If anyone likes lobster and pasta in a sherry type of sauce - get it!
These dinner devours come from the golden oldie @saloonphilly . This south philly restaurant is 57 years old and have been around since 1964. The establishment has a parking lot and two floors . It's fill with antics and a great staff. It's a traditional restaurant with a lot of older folk. Bathrooms were really clean  and made of nothing but ivory . While here i was seated at the bar and my wonder dope bartender/server Gigi aka Giana. She was very easy to talk to and she walked me through the menu. I ordered the salmon  fruitti di mare with crab meat, topped with lemon capers and fresh tomato. The menu has changed so i was unable to be the mussels, clams, and shrimp. I was very disappointed in this but it was after i devoured the delicious fish! The salmon was excellent and the crab meat was phenomenal! If your ever in south philly and want some great veal or seafood please check out  @saloonphilly and ask for gigi and tell her Mr. Julian sent you!!!  #philly #philadelphia #food #foodphotography #foodpics #foodporn #foodie #fish #salmon #crab #lemon #capers #butter #garlic #water #shrimp #mussels
After dining at Laurel and ITV, I've been wanting to come here since it opened. So I waited for an occasion, and my boyfriend and I came here for NYE dinner before a party. I was happy to find out that they were keeping an a la carte menu. (I hate committing to a prix fixe just because it's New Year's.) The ambiance was great with its mood lighting and ceiling full of golden balloons for the holidays. 

When we sat and looked at the menu to order drinks, he joked that there were three times the amount of pages for drinks than food. It's true, the menu is a little limited here. To start, we ordered  shrimp cocktail from the raw bar and the foie gras. The shrimp were incredibly large and served chilled with cocktail sauce. We both agreed the sauce could have used a little more horseradish. The slice of foie gras was served with mead gelee (didn't do anything for me) and a nice jam. It was a bit chilled, and I prefer mine to be room temperature and easily spreadable. Also, it was only served with two slices of toasted baguette, which left us with a lot of foie gras to eat alone. 

For our entrees, I ordered a special, lobster farfalle, while he got the lamb crepinette. Unsure of what it really was, we asked the waitress who described it as a flavorful dish of lamb chop wrapped in lamb sausage then seared. It was definitely interesting, though I'm not sure it was his favorite. Guiltily (sort of), I finished every bite of my pasta with its huge chunks of lobster in a simple herb sauce. 

With a small dessert menu of only three items that didn't jump out at us, we passed on that. While I love French food and enjoyed my dish, I'm not sure I will convince my boyfriend to come back with me.
I love the interior and atmosphere 
But the food.. we ordered steak and pork chip..
First i ordered medium rare for steak but it was more like just rare... and so small portion 
And pork chip was way too salty i thought i needed some bread or rice to go with so badly! 
Price was not cheap def but the portion and the taste could have been better.. 
wait staff were nice so no complaint for that
Highly recommend!! Royal Boucherie is a cozy bar you'll want to hang out in. Nick Elmi does a great job with the menu and feel of this restaurant! Their cocktails were delicious (their Green Point was on point!) and their food was great. We ordered the escargot, sweetbreads, foie gras, duck meatballs and the burger. All phenomenal!
1 Star for Ambiance, Interior, and Service
1 Star for "Snacks" (Small Appetizers)
-3 Stars for Entrees

"Snacks"
Panisse = Good
Toulouse Sausage = Good

Entrees
Boucherie Burger = I asked for a well-done burger (I had a bad experience with ground beef.). It came to me medium-rare. How do you confuse medium-rare for well-done? Also, the burger was bland and plain. I was charged $17. I've had better burgers at places like Johnny Rockets. The buns were fresh and french fries tasted good, though.
Braised Pork Cheek = It was way too salty. Every bite was like a mouthful of salt. It was brined or cured with too much salt. Pork is already naturally salty. I literally couldn't take more than a few bites. The prunes and everything else on the plate were good, though. 

If the owner is trying to make you thirsty and buy more drinks from the bar with the salt, it's overkill. Use less salt please. 

For $29 (basically a $30 plate), I expect good food. For $30 or less, I can get an amazing plate of food anywhere in the world. Stay away from these two entrees. They're not good or worth the price. 

Most of the other customers came for alcohol and oysters, so i'm guessing they're the main attraction. Hard to mess them up

Entrees, I should have sent them back. But, I was too shy. Lesson learned. Next time, if you don't like a plate of food, send it back. Or, you'll end up writing a Yelp review. 

*They opened a few months ago. So, hopefully, they improve. However, I saw the chef/owner talking to his friends without talking to any customers to ask about the food. But, he owns two other restaurants in Philly. No excuses. Who dropped the ball in the kitchen?
Chef Nick Elmi has finally opened a restaurant in my Old City neighborhood! With Laurel (ranked as a top 3 restaurant in the city as of this writing) being too expensive, I was excited to be able to try his food at a lower price point and within walking distance of my condo. Would his cooking live up to the hype?

The décor is very warm and inviting, and the server seemed to be very knowledgeable about the menu. That's a good start. What's not such a good start is that you have to pay for bread. So I skipped bread and ordered other appetizers. I forgot about the lack of bread quickly, as I was served a tasty royal punch cocktail and a yummy plate of jumbo shrimp. Sometimes the "jumbo" shrimp cocktail is jumbo in name only, but not here. My entrée was roasted lamb top sirloin. A perfectly cooked plate of juicy slices of lamb. It's served with cubes of sweet potatoes and some kind of bean. The beans were dragging down the meal as they did not compliment the meat. I had to stop eating them. My dinner companion had the scallops, I tried one, and it was delicious. For dessert I had the Beignets. They were a nice ending to very good meal.

Now that my meal is done I have to ask myself if Nick Elmi's cooking lived up to the hype. Although I enjoyed my meal and I'm happy to have Royal Boucherie in the neighborhood, the answer is unfortunately no. The hype warrants a 5 star restaurant and Royal Boucherie is not quite a 5 star restaurant. 5 star restaurants start my meal off with house made bread. I have had better lamb entrees. I've also had better beignets, which I know is more about the pastry chef. Laurel is not an easy act to follow it seems. Royal Boucherie still stands out as one of the best restaurants in Old City.
"Most sick-erie"

This is might be the most gorgeous place in Philadelphia...to get violently ill.

The Plus
- It's gorgeous inside.  Well done both upstairs and down. Looks like a nice deck.


The minus
-  Not sure if it was the lump crab spaghetti or the nuclear green escargot but I was sick in the bathroom about 2 hours after eating.  Yes had lots of bathroom time that night.
- The service has caught a slight flu of the arrogance.  
- Not many menu choices.  However what they do have is more unique...

Given how sick I was I won't be going back here.
Excellent! The interior is warm and cozy with an old school vibe. The drink menu was fun and the cocktails were great. We split a few apps, all of which were very good but I highly recommend the fried olives. For dinner, we had the chicken fried rabbit, lobster farfalle and the steak. It's hard to pick a favorite among them because they were all excellent, but my friend said the steak may have been the best he's ever had. I've never had chicken fried rabbit before and I was pleasantly surprised by how much I liked it. It certainly isn't a cheap place to eat but for what it was I thought the prices were pretty appropriate and reasonable. Definitely check it out.
Went here for dinner and the food was great! We ordered the pork stuffed fried olives, small meat plate and trout croquettes for starters, the lamb and escargot as the main meal, and the beignets for dessert - filled up two hungry adults! The lamb was great but the highlight was the dessert. The beignets were phenomenal so leave room for them - you won't want to miss this. No complains about the food - very well done. The restaurant has a vintage low-key royal French vibe, easy ambience and the service was great. Perfect fit for all occasions - you can be casual or as fancy as you want. There's a cute deck-seating area but it's a bit chilly out now so will definitely return for some outdoor seating!
Every single dish that we had was amazing. The atmosphere was warm and inviting. The service was extremely attentive. There are too many things on this menu I want to try. Even the music was awesome, though only if you like awesome music (aka the 80s). I am SO HAPPY that they opened so close to my home.

The dishes we had (all of which were awesome, so much so that individual reviews would be redundant):

Garganelli Lobster
Polenta Crusted Scallops
Swedish Duck Meatballs
Smoked Trout Croquettes
Escargot
Beignets
Sugar Pie
Panacotta

Worth noting that even the cocktails were awesome.
Nick I must say that you far exceed my expectations with this spot, which I didn't think was originally possible. I absolutely love this place ...and wow you have turned up the heat on how a brasserie should be defined. From the beginning of walking in the restaurant, you will get vibes of a speak-easy type feel which is very elegant and eye-catching. For those looking to celebrate any special occasion or a cozy intimate night on the town, this a definitely a place to try. 

Specifically, my friend and I dined at Royal Boucherie for the night to celebrate her recent engagement. For those looking for a cocktail spot in addition to the food served, this is just another reason to come here. For myself, I ordered the royal punch on tap and loved the combinations of flavors this drink had to offer. Not too sweet at all. In terms of food, we started with the pork stuffed fried olives based upon the recommendation from the server. Personally, I don't enjoy olives at all, but decided why not give it a shot since anything fried typically tastes better. Highly recommend the olives snack in addition to starting with the charcuterie boards that they are known for. For dinner both of us ordered the steak au poivre, which from the first bite immediately melts in your mouth. 

Highly recommend this place and will be back soon enough.
This is a dark cozy hideaway in Old City. If you are seeking a spot to sidle up to the bar at candlelight, enjoy a sublime cocktail, and share a phenomenal charcuterie board with all the fixin's...and finish with gigantic pillowy beignets with two generous pots of chocolate fondue and creme anglaise on the side, then my friend, you need to try Royal Boucherie. 

Let me tell you about the beignets. First of all, they are the size of tennis balls. Maybe squash balls. Anyway, they are divine. Now you may be thinking "Ok so they are large beignets - what could possibly be so special." But by the very nature of them having a large volume to surface area ratio, they've capitalized on that steamy almost molten center that takes them to royal beignet status. And as if that isn't enough, you get to dunk them into decadent dark chocolate ganache and creamy but no-too-sweet but perfectly vanilla-y creme anglaise. After enjoying said beignets, I think you can safely say that you've lived life to the fullest (at least for one night).
happy hour devours come from the well known @royalboucherie in olde city!  This Golden Oldie and heavy hitter runs a bomb  happy hr. The service experience is super dope and comfortable. I was welcomed as if i was a regular; the bartenders consistently checked up on me but still allowed me to get some hw done . However, while here i ordered the mussels in white wine and garlic sauce. They were super fresh and had sautéed zucchini and garlic and red tomatoes. The sauce was phenomenal and i can definitely see this as a date spot. They also both indoor and outdoor dining with a patio on the roof. The patio aesthetic is very comfortable and welcoming! If do you ever find yourself needing a great date spot please check out @royalboucherie and tell them teach (Shimmy) sent you ‍. #philadelphia #philly #food #foodie #foodphotography #foodporn #mussels #seafood #homework #school #water #goodeats #goodvibes
We loved our dinner last night at Royal Boucherie!

Servers were very attentive and our waters stayed filled throughout the night. Our waitress even made sure to bring a candle and champagne to our birthday girl!

The wine selection was small (but had nice options) and the cocktail list was creative - the ones I tried were very boozy, and well made.

We tried oysters (a dozen - two of each of what they had!), the kale salad, the fried olives, the sour dough bread, the steak, the burger and the escargos. And one of our dining companions got the vegetarian meal, which was veggies and starch of some kind, with some kind of foam on it. Not the BEST place for vegetarians, just something to keep in mind.

We liked everything! The escargos was beautiful, succulent, and in an herbed sauce that melted in your mouth. The steak was a perfect medium rare and came with just a swipe of mashed potatoes, two leeks and some capers. (Get another plate if you go with steak). The burger was absolutely magnificent. Fiancé claimed it was in his top 10 of all time! 

Oyster selection was fabulous, and props to raw bar aficionado Jim H. for cracking some good ones for us!

We also ended the night was beignets, with Nutella and a creamy sweet sauce. The perfect end to a great meal.

We will be back!
I could give five stars alone for the majestic Dribbler behind the raw bar. But even without that beard Tyne Daly lookalike serving incredible oysters and crudo, Royal Boucherie is a full on win for its fantastic French food, incredible cocktails and beers, and one of the most glorious indoor and outdoor dining areas that I've ever imbibed or eaten in!

Ever since I first read about how Top Chef Nick Elmi was bringing an elegant but approachable French Bistro to Old City (https://www.phillymag.com/foobooz/2017/11/04/royal-boucherie-menu-nick-elmi-old-city/) I knew that Philly was in for a special dining experience. And ever since it has evolved into serving French food to the masses until 1am (https://www.phillymag.com/foobooz/2018/01/12/royal-boucherie-late-night-menu/), doing a brunch that slathered foie gras onto waffles (https://www.phillymag.com/foobooz/2018/03/16/royal-boucherie-brunch-menu-philly/), and featured things like immaculate seafood towers (https://www.phillymag.com/foobooz/2019/05/15/seafood-tower-raw-bar-philadelphia/) and $2 martinis (https://www.phillymag.com/foobooz/2019/05/15/seafood-tower-raw-bar-philadelphia/), it has found many ways to do so since opening. So much so that all of my visits have been incredibly different from the first even without yet ordering dinner!

If you're on Philly Yelp but unfamiliar with the Dribbler its probably because you've started Y'alking within the past year or two. But there's a good chance that you've probably seen this Philly restaurant unsung hero around (https://phillygrub.blog/2019/04/10/unsung-heroes-of-the-philly-food-scene-jim-hasson/), and he's really in his element when he'd front and center at Boucherie's raw bar serving incredible shellfish in good humor. I expected that when coming into my first experience, but even I was prepared for the incredible high quality oysters and crudo that came with it!

My second experience came during Yelp's incredible one of a kind food tour Elite Event (side note: more of these please!), and it gave me first sampling of their incredible cocktails like their punch, and a grand tour of their impeccable upper dining room, and absolutely stunning garden 2nd floor garden terrace! for my final unique experience I came for a 10+ year reunion of former Yelp friends, and enjoyed ALL THE CHACUTERIE . When this amazing cheeses, house cured meats, decadent chicken liver mouse, astounding foie gras terraine, and then some that is no easy feat! but it added up to what might be the most well rounded selection of each in the entire city.

Toss in incredible entrees like a 10 oz steak au poivre, small plates and sandwiches like grilled swordfish belly and lobster roll, and a ROYAL PLATEAU of a seafood tower, and there's many more reasons to visit!
This place is so lovely. The service, the drinks, and the food!
I came with a party of 4. Standouts for me: the charcuterie board was amazing and fairly large for the price. The escargots were good (but I like parc more). Large plates were all tasty. The duck was perfectly cooked and I loved everything on the plate. The lobster pasta was delicious.
The one downside was the beignets. They seemed undercooked and salty? They came up to us and noted that the batch was off and quickly replaced them. (The second batch was better but still off). But this is the kind of service that makes me want to go back to a place!
I enjoyed Royal Boucherie recently. The food was really good, though a few menu items I was looking forward to were no longer offered. 

We sat in a booth near the bar, which is swanky and has a cool vibe. I really liked the interior of the place. For a drink, I got a royal paloma. It was pretty good, though a little too sweet for my taste. I probably wouldn't order it again. My dining partner got wine and was happy with it. 

For food, we got 12 oysters, 2 of each kind offered that night. I preferred the briny east coast oysters, but they were all good. I really wanted baked oysters, but they are no longer on the menu. We also tried the pork stuffed olives, which were yummy, though a little salty. The chicken liver on toast was very flavorful and smooth. 

For entrees, we got the lobster pasta and braised lamb shank. Normally I prefer the appetizers, but these were both delicious and I enjoyed them more. The lobster is a large portion and even though it's very rich, I easily polished off the dish. I had a small portion of the lamb and that was very well cooked. 

I was SO disappointed they took the beignets off the menu. None of the other desserts stood out to me so we didn't end with a sweet note. Seems like a weird thing to take off the menu at a French style restaurant, but what do I know? I'll definitely come back here to try some other menu items!
Solid new place in Old City. Excellent atmosphere and menu selection, definitely geared more toward the meat and seafood eater. Drinks were great with house made sodas. Charcuterie board could be better.
We took our daughter here for her 14th birthday.  The waiter was excellent. We started with oysters, pork rinds, and sourdough bread. Oysters were tasty, but extremely small for the money. The pork rinds were served with garlic butter and were sensational - crisp with no trace of excess oil. The bread would have been very good, but it was not completely defrosted. It was still frozen inside. The scallops were among the best we have ever had.  They were large and extremely sweet. In fact, they were so sweet and delicious, we were able to overlook the fact that they were raw at the center. If they were not served lukewarm, it would have been a memorable meal.  The asparagus under the scallops was very fresh and sweet.  Our daughter's pasta with lobster and truffle sauce was cooked perfectly, and since it was her birthday, that is what counted. 

Our sense is that this could be a top chef restaurant, the ingredients are clearly fresh and first rate.  The restaurant has great potential.  The cook staff just needs to get it together. They really are on the verge of something great, but fell well short tonight. 

We will definitely be back and hope for a 5-star meal next time.
Get the seafood tower.

Really, just an all around excellent seafood house. The service was great, and every dish was well made and presented beautifully. The escargot was perfect, the crudos were great, the oysters fresh.

It's a nicely informal space, with a good front bar and back dining room. We sat at a big round table that was great for 6 people.
My coworker invited me to Sunday brunch at Royal Boucherie. She chose the restaurant based on the positive reviews and high rankings she had seen on Yelp and other websites. Royal Boucherie did not disappoint! The restaurant is historic and beautiful. Not to mention, the food is delicious. We both ordered the French Toast which was served with cream anglaise, chocolate, pecans, and rich maple syrup. Honestly, some of the best french toast I have ever had. Look forward to visiting again!
Great experience for my mom's birthday. The food was delicious. I LOVED the patio upstairs as it was an oasis from the busy street. The patio decor was amazing. Everything was great!
We rarely go out on Valentine's Day (or any holiday or Restaurant Week) due to past experiences with bad food and service but we took a chance on Royal Boucherie on Valentine's Day.  We had an early reservation, 5:15, so we ordered a drink at the bar before being seated.  The interior is beautiful, dark, moody and the strains of Francoise Hardy's 1962 hit "Le temps de l'amour" created a great ambiance.

There is a great selection of interesting cocktails and after dinner aperitifs.  The Philadelphia Fish House Punch (The State of Schuykill, 1731) was a heady mix of rums, cognac, peach vignette, lemon and sugar.

We started with the Country Pate, Pork Stuffed Olives and the Merguez en croute (in crispy feuille de brik) and all were delicious, the merguez was sublime and the pate was perfection.  Delicious.

I chose to have 2 small plates as my entrée and chose the Salad Lyonnaise and the Steak Tartare.  The salad was also great with a perfectly made poached egg and vinaigrette.  The brunoises of potato sprinkled throughout in every bite was great.  The steak tartare was delicious, wonderfully seasoned and is my second favorite steak tartare in a Philadelphia restaurant.

My dining partner had the Armagnac-braise pork cheek and that was just sublime, unctuous deliciousness. He literally declared that he could return the very next day to order the exact same dish of Armagnac-braised pork cheek.  

I ended my dinner with a pot of Earl Grey tea and the Meyer Lemon Tart.  The tart was truly fantastic.  Creamy, light, tart-sweet but not overly so and so flavorful.  Perfect with my tea.

He finished with another vintage cocktail, the Bamboo from 1880, Japan - a mix of amontillado sherry, blanc vermouth and bitters. It tasted (to me) as exotic as its name.  Superb.

Dinner was 5 star and we will definitely return for the food and the ambiance.

As great as the food was, the service was that often attributed to 'les serveurs Parisiens' in Paris; which is to say, not very good.  Megan M. and Royal Boucherie would be better served if she brought her lackluster, inattentive and often tardy service to the level of the food and drink.

5 Star Food, 2 Star Service.
Before I start ranting about how great this fancy menu is - and everything we had was wonderful- the BURGER IS AMAZING. 
Yes, order the oysters - they are delicious, briny and tasting of the sea. Served perfectly - see pic 
Yes, try the pork chips - they are so light and crunchy and their accompanying sour cream and chive dip ... YES!! 
The wine selection is amazing - the bar is beautiful, the PEOPLE there are genuine and sincere.  Great people who clearly enjoy what they are doing. 
Order an entree .... but at least try the burger.  One time. 
Just once.  But be ready for the 'burger' bar to be raised. 
Seasoned to absolute perfection and the quality of beef they are using .... the highest I've known on a burger. The balance is amazing - please just try it as it's made by Chef before you go taking stuff off of it. 
And I LOVE burgers, rarely to I like one better than a good ole country burger on an open flame ..
But this is the best burger I've had in Philly. 
And very close to the best ever. 
I didn't get a photo - so I guess I have to go back, aw shucks!
Vibes: sophisticated, quaint, candle-lit, good for a date or classier dinner with the crew

Tasting notes:
-Salade de fruits de mar: a refreshing starter-type dish with a light, bright dressing; loved the many chunks of surprisingly large, slightly charred yet incredibly tender octopus and shredded fresh-tasting crab; potatoes added a nice contrasting texture
-Mushroom toast: rich, creamy, earthy mushrooms over a toasty, appropriately thick piece of fluffy bread 
-Beef tongue: melt-on-your-tongue thin slices paired with a very swipe-able sauce and just a touch of herb flavor and aroma
-Duck l'orange: enjoyed the ratio of fat to well-cooked meat; endive, softened with just a bit of remaining crunch, picked up the flavor of the jus
-Coriander-crusted Halibut: a little bit crispy, but mostly flaky, firm meat; satisfying yet not too heavy of a dish

Other thoughts:
-Friendly and attentive service
-Will come back to do happy hour at the bar and check out the upstairs patio!
Arrived here on a slow Tuesday night. We got seated immediately. The service was alright, and the place was semi cozy. Didn't get a chance to take pictures but the presentation of the food was nice and tasty. The cocktail list is nice and short.  Pearcillin was served over ice. And had no taste of ginger. Wine list was nice and prices were ok.
Took my husband to the Boucherie for his birthday on Friday night. Loved the decor and ambiance. Everything was amazing from the cocktails to the service and everything in between. This is one of the best meals I've had in Philadelphia and definitely the best charcuterie board we've ever had. I can't wait to go back and order the Boucherie burger next time.
After loving Laurel and ITV, we were very excited to try Royal Boucherie. It exceeded our expectations in every way. We had the small charcuterie plate (plenty for 2 people), escargot, and braised pork cheeks. Everything was delicious and we cant wait to go back and try more!
Four of us met at Royal Boucherie for a catch-up lunch. It is located in the part of the city is surrounded by many other eating and drinking establishments. One of our party was  previously  here for lunch and recommended it for our get-together.  It was not busy when we arrived with a few people at the bar and some seated in the banquettes. The setting is quite comfortable in a brasserie like atmosphere with wood paneling, tin ceiling, and dim lighting. Our friend reported that during good weather there is outdoor seating on the second level. The pleasant hostess greeted us and guided us to a banquette for seating. Our server brought our menus and left us time to look over the lunch menu. The choices were somewhat limited yet with several innovative and interesting items. I would rather have a smaller menu with fresh ingredients than a tome that makes one wonder how fresh the ingredients could be. I noticed on the menu that they offered a few $2 cocktails paired with an entrée........can't beat that! So, instead of asking for my same ol' same ol'  Makers Manhattan, I requested their French Martini. It was superb, not too sweet and not tart, wanting me to go back for another.  Bloody Marys and  Malbec were enjoyed by the others at the table.  When we ordered fresh oysters our server saw to it that we received a few extra to be shared. She  was professional yet appropriately friendly throughout our visit, readily available when we needed her. Three of us liked the description of the house 'burger served on a brioche bun. Our outsider, sticking to his New Year's diet, went for the shrimp cocktail (and a second Bloody Mary). The burger was prepared as requested, with the ingredients blending together for delightful flavor, accompanied by a plentiful portion of potatoes.  No room for dessert, coffee only. We left totally satisfied with our meal and the camaraderie.
Went there last week and it was great. I can't stop thinking about the burger and will be frequenting often. The atmosphere was upbeat and had great music. The staff was friendly and our waiter, Christian, was extremely nice and knowledgeable with the menu and wine list. Highly recommend to anyone looking for a great meal (except vegetarians).
This place is seriously special! 
The warm atmosphere and good vibes makes me want to come back again and again. Great cocktails and amazing food! 
We tried the fried pork olives (surprisingly great), steak tartare, escargot, poached lobster, sourdough boule and oysters.
Quite simply, one of the best dining experiences ever. Because we went on a weeknight before 7:00, we each were comped a happy hour beer. And, it was a really good local brew and not something they needed to get out of there. I had the lamb sirloin which was seasoned and cooked perfectly. It was also the most tender piece of lamb I've had in years. My wife had the skate wing - you can hardly find that anywhere. Like the lamb, it was amazing!  Service was top notch, and the ambience was comfortable and classy.
This restaurant was amazing one of the best i have been to in the city. We started off with a snack of the smoked trout croquets with a spicy mayo dipping sauce. They were deff awesome. Next i got the special it was a gnocchi with clams and mussels. The gnocchi was a great smooth melt in your mouth texture. The clams and mussels tasted very fresh. My fiance got the baked salt oysters which were also amazing. For dessert we had the fried beignets which were kinda like doughnuts with an excellent dipping sauce nutella founde and icing. I also had the Pa dutch sugar pie with huckleberry jam. Im glad i decided to go here everything went perfectly. Well almost perfectly they were out of the royal burger but its ok we can try that next time. This is a must try if your thinking about it just do it the service and atmosphere are second to none.
We ordered several courses. We were generally pleased until the entrees arrived. We began our experience with the sourdough bread.  It was delicious; however, it wasn't warmed through. We also ordered the pork-stuffed olives. They were very good. The green salad was perfectly dressed. Unfortunately, that's where our enjoyment ended. The duck was under cooked. The leg meat was too salty, yet the breast was terribly under seasoned.  Ditto for the lamb - mild on the seasoning and cooked medium rare as opposed to the medium requested. Lastly, there was some redemption with the beignets and lavender bow-tie. 

I will not revisit.
Overall this place was wonderful. The ambiance and the food was top notch. They were very welcoming and very accommodating.  Favorite dishes: smoked trout croquettes, duck meatballs, the braised pork cheek, and the lobster farfalle. Great dinner on a freezing night after touring the city all day.
Here's my honest to goodness, No frills down-to-it review. 

The meat board- 2/3 Stars. Presentation looks amazing- flavor? Not so much. Meat is shaved paper thin- literally I could see through it. Flavor is lacking and accompaniments make no sense. Looks way better than it tastes.

Cheese board- we actually sent this back, and they removed it from our bill. It's a third grade cheese board. It was pitiful for the price and location. Try harder. The cheese was basic, lacked pungency- don't do it. 

Sour dough bread- best thing on the menu. Yea, I said it. 

Atmosphere- dimly lit, soft lighting- perfectly done! A+ 

Drinks- way to expensive. If the food wasn't so bad I wouldn't mind the drink prices. 

This place is over hyped and I will be back... for the bread and lighting.
This place has great vibes, service, and food. Feels like a swanky hidden French cocktail bar when you walk in. 

We sat at the raw oyster bar but still got great service with an attentive server, who reset silver between courses, took away plates at appropriate times, etc. Being a server and bartender myself, I was pretty impressed.

Food was awesome: got the veal/pork belly sandwich to start, which was interesting and cool to try something new. Both for the Burger for dinner, awesome truffle mayo and fantastic pork fat fries. Got a nice cider that was 8.5%, which is impressive, and the Royal Paloma was a nice rendition on a classic Paloma. 


Overall impressed. As a big food critic and having tried many new restaurants in the city, I would definitely come back to this one!
This would have been a 5/star rating early on but because of a service snag that was pretty bad one time, I think that a 4 is the best I can do (would have been a 4.5 but 1/2 stars don't seem to be an option). That said, our experience tonight with Brendan - who was just exceptional - outside has me wanting to bump it up to a 5. He actually deserves a 10 if I could give one! 

The food is solid - we have never had a bad anything here. The burger still remains one of the best we have had in Philly, too. Even with a trimmed down menu for a late lunch on a weekend on the midst of a pandemic, I really think that there was something for everyone. For those looking for something to imbibe, there are plenty of tasty things to choose from. The cocktail list offers a nice variety, and they have a number of wines to choose from. 

When customers are allowed indoors, it's a gorgeous space, very dark and cozy. The bar is also nice and intimidate - with usually exceptional service (the ding of 1 star was from an awful experience pre-pandemic). 

Living in the neighborhood we feel fortunate to have a place like Royal Boucherie nearby. It sticks out in what is kind of like a sea of same on S 2nd St.
Still enjoy coming here for random date nights. The thing that keeps bringing me back is their charcuterie board! My favorite is the chicken liver mousse which I may order as a separate order next time! This most recent time I went, the chicken liver mousse had honey drizzled on it and it was delicious!! We also order the special which was a 16oz steak for two. We ordered medium rare and it was cooked perfectly. Loves the herbed butter on top of the steak. Fries that came with the steak was a great addition. We also order the Champagne Braised Escargot, but I could do without the dish- the escargot had a very grassy flavor. But the butter sauce the escargot was in was VERY good with the bread.
Had one of the best random date nights here last weekend. Our sever was phenomenal and had the best recommendations. We started with the oysters, they were really good and fresh and came with all the good toppings. We also ordered fries to snack on with our drinks. Speaking of drinks! The Spritzer Bar experience was out of this world. I concocted a delicious rose spritzer that was super yummy. 

We also got he scallop small plate, which was tasty. We ended the night with one of each dessert. They were all so delish! 

Overall, had a beautiful experience. Can't wait to go back!
I'm a big Top Chef fan and when I was staying in Philly I had to go to Nick Elmi's restaurant. I wasn't there long enough to dine during at the time of my meal of choice (dinner) so I took what I could get and settled for breakfast. I was not disappointed. I started off with a bloody mary made with their house mix. I asked my server if I could get it spicy and that was no problem. It was delicious. For my meal I had the pancakes~~BOMBZO, steak tartare~~Meatlife, and a side of the breakfast potatoes~SOLID!! 

Definitely coming back for dinner next time I'm in Philly

TC Slabs
The atmosphere was quiet, quaint charming and warm.  Service was good with an excellent selection of good wines.  Menu was diverse duck, oysters, and gnocchi.  I got the Scallops which were tasty but cold.  Desserts were best part of the meal chocolate pudding, these little donuts with chocolate and Vanella dipping, and Pennsylvania sugar pie.
We had a delicious after-movie dinner at Royal Boucherie on a Friday night. Our server was attentive and friendly, the interior of the restaurant was attractive, and the French 75 I ordered with cognac instead of gin was mixed just right. (When I asked our server to have the cocktail made with "not too much cognac, please", she didn't roll her eyes, and obviously relayed the request to the bartender. My husband had the cheeseburger with pork fat fries (delicious) and I enjoyed the sweetbread terrine and the endive salad. (Although I would have preferred just a tad. Ore flavor in the salad dressing.) For dessert we shared chocolate pudding, which was dense and chocolatey like a pots de creme. Overall a very enjoyable experience. Glad to see a new, good restaurant near the Ritz theaters! 

One note - my coffee was lukewarm. Tasty, but not hot.
4.5 stars, but unfortunately I can't do that. 
   Came here with a party of 6 to celebrate a special event. We made reservations ahead of time and there is a convenient parking lot across the street from the restaurant. Upon coming in the downstair was very noise, but I was glad that we were taken upstairs to dine. The upstairs had a quieter ambiance when we arrived and the music was softer upstairs, however, once 8:00 pm rolled around and it filled up with larger parties the noise level definitely increased to the level of the music downstairs. There is also a small outdoor seating area for smaller parties. The establishment has old charm to its decor with dark wood interior and original floors that used to be a butcher shop. There is an upstairs and a downstairs bar so you won't have to wait for your drink too long or for the waiter/waitress to make it up and down the stairs. 
   After looking over the menu several times we ordered a variety of appetizers: the duck meatballs, sourdough boule, steak tartare, smoked trout croquettes, and escargot. The duck meat in the meatballs is mixed with pork meat and served with fresh herbs and dijon mustard. The waitress did not mention that pork meat is mixed with the duck meat when we ordered it, nor was it stated in the menu, but when I specifically asked she checked (as I do not eat pork) and it is a mixture. The meatballs were juicy on the inside and cooked to a medium. The steak tartare was served with smoked cheddar tuile served, a raw quail egg on top with mustard greens, and grilled rye bread. The meat itself was fresh and raw as can be, besides being on the animal itself. The smoke trout croquettes were fried in pork fat served with Calabrian chile that added a nice heat to the fish. The escargot was braised with champagne and served with chartreuse-hazelnut butter that I had not tasted in any other escargot that I had ordered previously at other establishments and a crispy baguette. The sourdough boule was hot, crispy on the outside, soft on the inside, and served with sea salt and butter. It went quickly. From the appetizers that I did try they were flavorful and fantastic and I am glad that we got a variety to try. I was told that the appetizers that I did not try were just as good.
   For the main course I ordered the whole poached lobster, which was served over ice with a tartar like sauce. I had to wait and look droolingly while other people's main course came before mine arrived. Between all of their food arriving and my lobster it was probably 10-15 minutes of waiting time. The lobster was succulent and juicy, I could definitely eat it all day if my stomach had the space for it. Two people ordered scallops that was served with winter squash, trumpet mushrooms, and pumpkin seed granola. It was cooked perfectly and the trumpet mushrooms were a big hit with their meats mild flavor, they just wished there was more of them on the plate. The roasted lamb top sirloin was flavorful and juice at its medium rare cook and was served with barley, spring onions, and confit potato. The seared duck breast had a perfectly slit crispy skin on top of the tender meat served with a spiced jus, white sweet potato, and turnips.
   This restaurant has delicious food and a great environment. If you are looking for a not too fancy place to eat with great food, I would highly recommend this place.
Words can't do this place justice, the drinks were fantastic and the food lived up to my high expectations. Money well spent
I had the most wonderful, romantic dinner here on a date.  Service was excellent, food was excellent, and I loved the decor.  I would certainly come back again.
Had a great Valentine's Day dinner. We had the duck meatballs/oysters/foie gras/bread/lobster pasta/steak. Everything was good the only complaint I had was the bread. They charge for the bread and butter so I think the bread should be better than it was. Parc has better bread and theirs is free. Oh the endive salad was very very good
Great drinks, but I was expecting more from the food. This restaurant is casual and a fun place to go with friends. The pastas were pretty good.
Incredible food! I let the staff know when I made the reservation that I would be proposing to my girlfriend beforehand. They made sure we had a nice romantic corner table, congratulated us, and they gave us complimentary champagne and dessert! Appetizers were incredible. Pork rinds were heavenly, had the steak and lobster pasta entrees and couldn't decide which we liked better. Awesome experience, can't wait to go back
Loved our lunch yesterday. Delicious Lobster Rolls. Pasta was amazing. We all enjoyed a $2 martini! So much fun. We were celebrating a colleague's birthday and it couldn't be more perfect.
First Time at this restaurant for a bit of solo dining on a Wednesday during Happy Hour (5pm-7pm) I heard rave reviews about the Charcuterie Board. It was amazing!!!  The chicken pate is  extremely creamy and smooth which compliments the crusty slightly sweet bread featured ok the board. 

I also wanted to try the beignets however they were not on the desert menu tonight maybe another time when
 I come back. For dessert I optedor the  Creme Brûlée when was creamy and thick with a subtle sweetness. 

Another great recommendation, to any new Philly resident or tourist looking for an upscale French cuisine experience.
Sat at the oyster bar since there was no room at the bar. We had to order drinks from a server, which is no big deal, except that it took 10 min for her to take our order and over 15 minutes from when we said "we need a check" to get a check. Btw the computer to print the check--right next to the oyster bar. Long story short, don't get a drink at the oyster bar if you have less than an hour to kill
Two stars because they partially refunded a mistake. Come here for 4/5 star prices and 1 Star food. 

Their waffles taste like they're made and then frozen and then thawed out again. It wasn't crispy or brown. The fried chicken - you don't even get white meat and the dark meat with slimy. 

Don't waste your time. I wish I read my own review before coming here.

The service wasn't even good. Our waitress was nice, but for how slow it was they sent my drink to an incorrect table and brought me incorrect oysters. No one cleaned our table. No one brought me butter for my toast. Another table ordered poached eggs and had to send them back - a big no no for a restaurant charging this much.
There's not much to say that hasn't already been said in a number of the other reviews.  The restaurant is beautiful.  the food is beautiful and complex and the service is excellent.

Everything we had was excellent and I would recommend them all.  The charcuterie board was had several interesting things and the liver/pate item was far and away the best.  From the small plates the steak tartare and escargot were both divine.  We also had the lobster pasta, which was excellent.  For all the dishes I was ready to lick the plate.

A lovely place that provides excellent food while not being too "fancy."  Would highly recommend.
