I've heard rumors of Royal Sushi & Izakaya for quite a while (years), and they finally opened!  With no reservations and first come first served seating - I hauled rear ASAP before the thundering hordes arrive!

Nestled in a lovely residential section of Queen Village, the restaurant blends in perfectly with the neighboring houses - save for the red izakaya lantern serving as a beacon. 

Note: It's dark in there. Likely-to-be-eaten-by-a-grue dark. However, creative maneuvering with tealights was enough to peruse the menu - which has helpful photos of the food!  (For these old eyes, the bar has mini flashlights. Do be courteous and try to contain the brightness - it will shine through your fingers!)

Movies are projected on the wall by the entrance. We happened to catch Astro Boy (the old school version) and Full Metal Alchemist.  Blasts from the past!

The bartenders (yes, we sat at the bar) were very helpful and pointed us to staff favorites and helped guide portioning:


* Tuna Guacamole $8: Wasabi infused oil, generous portions of tender tuna (4pcs + guac scoop).

* Takoyaki $6.50: Tender octopus (6pcs), tangy sauce, salty bonito. U-freaking-mami!

* Saba Shioyaki $11: Grilled mackerel slab (+grated ginger +soy). Great texture and flavors!

* Sashimi Platter $18: Only 8pc, but so fresh/most delicious I've had in a while! (Ccw from bottom left: Mackerel (2), Salmon (1), Fluke (2), Bluefin (2), Yellowtail (1). Subject to change (?))

* Guac Roll $19: Same accolade as the sashimi - melt in your mouth tender!  This was so delicious, I didn't want to use soy and wasabi, but I gingerly (hah!) did a quick dab ... oh baby, definitely use as a small accent - and for heavens' sake don't drown the roll!

All this left us very satisfied.  At ~$65 for two before tax and tip, it's comparable to several lovely sushi spots ... but the quality of everything we had was wicked good.  Paired with the cozy atmosphere and friendly staff, we'll definitely be back to explore the drink and appetizer /yakitori offerings (skewered chicken gizzards, hearts, livers ... see, culinary sorcery is definitely involved)!   

Wish: any chance of happy hour/late night food and drink specials in the future?
(Yes, Late night Chirashi bowls - 11P to 1A - that utilizes sushi scraps. Scraps that I bet are still amazing.) 

02/2017 Quickie Addendum:  
Back sushi bar is open. Reservations required (Resy). 
No show and late cancel penalties enforced.
2 omakase levels: 
1) $125 for 18pc
2) $65 for 9 pc

The omakase progresses from delicate to flavorful.  
I was lukewarm on the Sayori (Needlefish). 
Also, this may sound silly, but brush your tongue real good before you go - and savor the beautifully prepared pieces properly: fish side to tongue!

Recommend a carafe of sake to share: we had the "Otter Fest" - which paired nicely with the omakase progression.
I must be missing something, because my first experience at Royal Izakaya was just okay. We went for dinner with friends recently and I wasn't blown away by anything I tried. 

This is one of those restaurants where items come out of the kitchen as they are prepared. Great if everyone is on board with sharing, not so great when everyone has an idea of what they want to eat and it's all different. I waited a while before any of the dishes I ordered made it to the table. 

I had some gyoza, wings, fried scallops (a special), tuna avocado roll and spicy tuna roll. Everything was okay but I wasn't overly impressed. In fact, I downright disliked the spicy tuna roll, which tasted really fishy to me - not the clean, fresh way tuna usually tastes. 

I really liked the vibe of the bar area and am definitely up for another visit to see if maybe I was there on an off night for the kitchen.
Look for the red lantern and head through the door. You'll be treated to a dark izakaya where you'll find regulars and first-timers alike exchanging knowing looks - 'we've arrived and plan on staying for awhile.' I was there for one of two nightly omakase seatings so went straight to the back room. The curtain was pulled back and I stepped into the quiet of Royal Sushi, where Chef Jesse Ito awaited. 

Kiku Masamune Taru [$14 | $20 | $62]

As I was dining solo, I opted for just a carafe of the Masamune. A dry sake with a wonderful "cedar aged" aroma, I enjoyed the subtly sweet smoothness that had a crisp, clean finish. I also appreciated that it didn't distract from the omakase. 

God bless you? I can count on one hand the number of sushi restaurants in Philly that are well-known for omakase, so I wouldn't be surprised if you didn't know what it was. Essentially a sushi chef's tasting menu, it may feature some creative dishes, subsequently with a gauntlet of sushi, and ending traditionally with the tamago, or sweet egg omelet, and perhaps some seasonal fruit. At Royal Sushi, Chef Ito focuses on just the sushi, and to great effect. You can opt for a mini omakase at $65, but trust me, go with the regular omakase. In fact, when I dined on this particular night, the folks that opted for the mini omakase ultimately ended up regretting their misstep. 

Omakase [$125 pp]
Chef's choice of 18 pieces

Chef Ito started off with a progression of bream and snapper sourced almost exclusively Japan. First off, the sushi rice is perfect. Individual grains are discernible, with just enough warmth and vinegar to complement the fish. Clean, sweet, with a wonderful texture, madai is an especially easy first step for the uninitiated to enjoy omakase. Without getting all Fifty Shades on you, Kinki had to be my favorite, possibly of the night. Extremely tender, fatty, and thus, lightly torched, it had a texture and taste I would liken to filet and ribeye, respectively. Almost ineffable, my recommendation is to get it, if it's even available. 

From the lighter fare, Chef Ito moved on to a flavorful progression of amberjack as well as shinier and thus, oilier fish. As expected, the yellowtail belly was luscious, fatty, and delicious, with a wonderful mouthfeel. Sayori was dense, firm, yet clean and I loved the fry on the spine and tail - crisp and briny. Kohada's always a favorite - lightly cured in salt, with great chew. Saba was a standout with its mackerel essence shining through, but complemented by pairing of sesame oil and the bite of the green onion to cut through the richness. 

I often equate omakase to a symphony, with a crescendo leading to luxury. For those with my porcine predilection, you won't be disappointed by the torched king salmon, which renders the fat positively dripping off the nigiri. The trio of tuna always starts with akami, which is what one usually equates with most tuna rolls or nigiri you'd find at standard sushi joints. But of course here, you've got the quality of bluefin. From there, you'll experience my favorite, the chutoro or medium fatty belly, which is luscious, but still has some texture. Otoro is gilding the lily, with the Chef defty scoring and lightly torching to render some of the richness. Mirugai is phallically fabulous (look it up!), with great crunchy texture and lightness after all of the richness. And uni provides that satisfyingly sweet and creamy cleanse before the next masterpiece. 

For my final bite and just cut from the shell, the scallop was tender and sweet, with the black truffle providing a rich earthiness. Definitely one of the best bites of the night for obvious reasons and clearly reason #1 you should be going for the full-on omakase. 

Hotate + Uni - Scallop + Sea Urchin [$12]

At this point, you could sense the Chef relax and he casually asked if I was still hungry and wanted any additional bites. I couldn't help but want some more of that sweet scallop, but this time paired with the sweet, briny essence of the uni. 

Beyond Chef Ito himself, who was engaging and clearly aware of your tastes and inquisitive about any dislikes, service was exceptional. My server Chrissie was always available, but never hovering. I definitely need to stop by the Izakaya for some late night eats as well as the chirashi bowl, which I assume features the "leftover" cuts of the fine fish served at Royal Sushi. Better yet, I need to bring back the GF to Royal Sushi so I have another excuse to experience Chef Ito's omakase once more.
I generally think of Philly as a no-good-sushi zone. As someone who needs sushi at least once every 10 days or so, this has made settling here (at least for awhile) really tough!

Well, color me impressed! Royal Sushi & Izakaya now holds my throne for Philly's best sushi (and it's just great sushi in general)!

Every bite of nigiri is fresh and delicious, and is beautifully presented for all you Instagrammers out there. It made my sushi belly and soul delighted. :)

Not only is the food great, the low lights and thoughtful decor make the ambiance trendy and inviting.

Of course, this does come with a price: it's not cheap. But for a once-in-awhile amazing sushi, it's totally worth it! Until then, dreaming of the day that I return...
So happy to see Philly is finally stepping up its Izakaya (Japanese bar food and stuff on sticks) game! This is definitely cheaper than Double Knot and better than Yakitori Boy, so it fills a much needed space in a great neighborhood. I've been to both and I can tell you, in Lorde's words, they'll never be Royal...

We LOVED:

Takoyaki: creamy, gooey, flavorful, just don't get freaked out by the bonito flakes moving!
Tuna Guac: thick slabs of tuna, peppery/wasabi oil, delicious guac.
Beef Tataki: thinly sliced rare beef, good sauce.
Combo B: The pork belly, the bacon wrapped asparagus, the bacon wrapped scallop, the chicken, chicken liver (they allowed substitution and we saved them 25 cents), shishito peppers (watch out these were spicy) were all cooked perfectly.
Gyoza: hard to mess these up, and they didn't.
Chasiu buns: would have liked a warning that they only come with 2, but it didn't take to long for a 2nd order to come out.

They have an impressive drink menu and large food menu (with pictures in case you don't know what anything is) and it's always a good sign when you want everything. There's a lot of bar space and  mostly small tables. Probably not a good place for a group of more than 4. No reservations and they were pretty busy on a Sunday night for only having been open a few weeks. $30 each incl. tax and tip for what we got seemed like a decent price point. Will definitely be back!
WEEKEND IN PHILLY, PART 2

ROYAL SUSHI & IZAKAYA (more commonly referred to as just "Royal Isakaya")

On a recent visit back to Philly, I was very excited to dine at Royal Isakaya for the first time.  When I used to live in Philly, I was a regular at Matt & Jesse Ito's previous restaurant, Fuji Japanese Restaurant (Haddonfield NJ), just over the bridge from Philly.  They've now sold Fuji to a former staff member and have opened Royal with their partners in the Queen's Village neighborhood of Philly.

The omakase at Fuji was legendary.  By far the best I had ever had (and BYOB), and I've dined at Michelin-stared Japanese restaurants.  So how does it compare to Royal???

Sushi, in my mind, can be divided up along a spectrum.  One one extreme, literally, is very non-traditional sushi, where ingredients and techniques never used historically in Japan are combined in novel ways.  Think of the James Beard Award-winning O Ya in Boston.

At the other, less extreme end, it is all about the fish.  The simpler the better.  And it had better be amazingly fresh.  Old school.

Fuji, I always placed in the middle of this spectrum.  Yes, it was about the fish, and Jesse brought in exotic sea life from all over the world.  But for omakase, many of the fish dishes  were enhanced by a pickled this or a toasted that added on top, or even a marinade.  Several fish were often served at the same time, to great effect, like a trio of different tuna.  Sometime there were composed dishes, even featuring vegetables and no fish at all.

That's the sort of omakase I love.  Great fish, but inventive and interesting combinations and presentation at the same time (Cafe Sushi is Cambridge MA is also this style and my local favorite).  For eample, Jesse's marinaded and torched salmon belly!!!  OMG!!!  Rarely did anything repeat.

In contrast, at Royal, Jesse (Matt apparently left at 4PM before opening, but I don't know if that is their usual division of labor) has gone more to the conservative side with his omakase.  If you have ever watched the great movie "Jiro Dreams of Sushi" (on Hulu.com), this is what to expect.  LOL, although you can talk to the chef and take pictures without getting thrown out at Royal!  Of the 18 fish we enjoyed (omakase is 12/$65 and 18/$120; you can also order a la carte), all served individually one at a time, the vast majority were simple nigiri with a soy glaze brushed on top (see photos)  For fun, we even ate by hand, a la Jiro (although chopsticks are provided).  The fish were amazing, and some I've never had before, like the delicious needle fish.  It was all about the fish...

Of the two, Royal and Fuji, for omakase I prefer the old Fuji (I've haven't been since the Ito's left).  But that isn't a knock against Royal's omakase.  Again, "slightly creative" is just my sushi sweet spot.

But overall, Royal is a much better restaurant than Fuji.  First of all, it is gorgeous.  Asian-influenced, but not over the top.  The entrance is minimalist in the extreme, with no sign, just a bright blue door and a red Japanese lantern (I can't read Japanese, so perhaps that is the sign?).  Inside, dark in front, brighter in back.  In front is the comfortable Isakaya bar, which has a good-sized bar and tables.  The ~8 person sushi counter in back is GORGEOUS.  A lovely handmade mahogany counter, with no annoying glass case blocking your view of the action.  There is also a second room of small tables in back (can be rented out). 

What really helps push Royal over the top is that, in addition to wonderful sushi/omakase, the Isakaya bar in front has some fantastic small plates of food, an extensive saki list (the rare bottle of Phoenix we ordered with our omakase was amazing), and an interesting, half-Japanese beer list.  I gather you can order from the Isakaya menu in back too, but after our omakase was complete they asked us to move up front to free up the counter for others.

In the bar, we ordered several excellent beers, including an unusual super-hoppy collaboration between Tired Hands and the famous Vermont brewery Hill Farmstead.  Meanwhile, an old Japanese movie played on the wall.

Do yourself a favor: Order the CHASU PORK BELLY sandwiches (8$ for 2).  The best I've ever had (sorry David Chang)!!! Thin pork belly, not way too fatty like some, and crispy.

Service was excellent, friendly and knowledgeable.  We were there for the NFL Draft weekend, which I think hurt most restaurants (road closures, people staying home), so it wasn't very crowded or noisy while we were at Royal.  But from what I  have heard, you definitely need reservations for the counter (although Jesse posts last minute cancelations on Facebook).  No reservations in front, but it does get crowded.  Street parking is...well good luck or take Uber.

A fantastic restaurant that I look forward to going back to next time I'm in Philly!  Congratulations Matt & Jesse!
4 for food. The sushi quality as amazing. And their small bites are traditional and quite tasty. The skewers were perfectly cooked, the agedashi tofu was great. But 16.00 for hamachi Kama? That's a bit insane. (There's a place in Portland that has it for 8... after raising their prices). 

But... it's a place that makes you feel like you're in high school. Are you part of the crowd? Because if you're not (like me), you'll ask to sit in the booth and be told that they're reserved. Some other people come in after you, are greeted warmly because they seem to know the people, and ask to sit in a booth and they're told, sure! And meanwhile, the other booth sits empty. The entire time. It was still empty as we left the restaurant. 
This wasn't a weekend night. In fact, there were multiple open tables. 
As good as the food was, there are enough sushi/izakaya places in the city where I don't have to feel like the uncool kid where I'd rather take my money.
Such a cool spot. If you don't come for the omakase, come for the pork belly bao buns, $17 late-night chirashi, and Dragon Ball Z/Princess Mononoke projected on the wall. 

I did the half omakase here, and how I look forward to the day I can come back and do the full. Kushii oysters, live scallops (Chef Jesse slaps them so you can see them groove in response), saba, a shiny fish, torched salmon, bluefin tuna, katsuo, madai, a piece I don't recall, and the queen bonus piece. Medium fatty tuna with caviar. I melted with bliss. Each piece was extremely flavorful and satisfying. You know when you're eating bland food and it is physically filling but spiritually unsatisfactory so you just eat more to try to fill the void? This was not that. I was in such a state of bliss after this meal that I overslept the next day, which has not happened to me in three years.

It was my first time having an omakase experience, and it was even more intimate than I expected. It isn't just about the quality of the fish, it's also about witnessing the skills Jesse and the other chefs' have taken years to hone. 

I'm just a humble college student, but someday when I have more green in my pocket I'll come back for the full omakase. I respect this place and the people behind it, lots.
Understated exterior with a red paper lantern and the interior is a dive bar with a sushi counter in the back.  

COLD APPETIZERS: (in order of yum)
#1 TUNA GUACAMOLE $8
*delicious, you should order two because it's small and you'll want an entire one for yourself
#2 ANKIMO SUNOMONO (MONKFISH LIVER) $14
*monkfish liver is similar to foie gras, rich and creamy

HOT APPETIZERS:  (in order of yum)
#1 HAMACHI KAMA (YELLOWTAIL COLLAR) $18
* nice crispy skin, melts in your mouth yellowtail, mild flavor and would definitely get this again
#2 WAGYU SKIRT STEAK YAKITORI $3
* great deep smokey flavor
#3 MISO BLACK COD $15
*really small portion, total of 4 bites, we didn't love it

SUSHI ROLLS: (in order of yum)
#1 GUAC ROLL $19
*amazing combination
#2 BLOC PARTY ROLL $19
*this was good but the guac roll was so much better

SAKE: (in order of yum)
#1 SHO CHIKU BAI HOT SAKE $12
*this is the only hot sake they offer
#2 CARAFE - HAKUTSURU SAYURI $26
*tasty

DESSERT
MOCHI - 3 pieces - $8
*Black sesame was life changing - definitely order it!

SERVICE:
Jillian was meh.  The menu is pretty extensive but we tried ordering several items and the response was "oh we're out of that, oh we're out of that too, oh that's a seasonal item..."  MAAAAAAYBE MENTION THOSE ITEMS BEFORE WE LOOK AT THE MENU!!!!  ARGHHHHH and she disappeared for extended periods of time as well.

Also although we didn't do the Omakase I thought we would be able to order some nigiri but we were limited to maki rolls and some sashimi so that was very disappointing.  I had this place bookmarked for over a year so overall the food was good definitely not amazing and the service was bad.
We've dined at Royal Sushi & Izakaya now 3 times. Twice for the omakase, and once in their izakaya space. Our first experience at Royal was for their omakase, and while the izakaya is a fun atmosphere with good food and a massive sake menu, it's quite underwhelming in comparison on the food front. That's not to say it's bad at all, but it's just such a different experience.

First, the izakaya is cool, but very dark (bring glasses if lowlight reading isn't your forté). It can get filled up pretty fast, and with that comes a lot of noise. As stated above, they have a ton of sake on their menu, which is overwhelming. We haven't really tried to explore that part of the menu, but the staff is very knowledgeable about all of the other items on their menus, from drinks to food, so it's safe to assume that they can guide you down their sake rabbit hole, too, if you ask! They have a decent selection of wines, and some good cocktails. The whiskey list is extensive, as well, but the prices are pretty high, so definitely more suited to the knowledgeable whiskey drinker as opposed to the casual explorer who might regret the pricy pour.

As for the food up front, it's also a pretty sizable menu of mostly small plates of warm food and a decent amount of sushi options. The negi toro roll is about 6-8 oz of toro in a giant roll. Expensive, but melts in your mouth. The other rolls, sashimi, and nigiri we had were all good. Some cuts were better than others, but at worst, it's good. At best, it's really, really good! Their pork baos were fine. Not the greatest, but they hit the spot! The staff at both the bar and the tables were really friendly and answered all of our questions, too. The staff we encountered were definitely more passion than pretentious, so the responses we got to questions on our visits were always really detailed, but delivered in an excited, casual manner, that was nice to see. 

Now, for the omakase. We've done the omakase at quite a few spots over the years, and the bang for your buck at Royal might be one of the best! You get 18 pieces for $130. It's not cheap at all, but hardly as bad as it can be, and while some of the sushi wasn't our favorite (totally subjective on textures or flavors, not on the preparation or freshness), we haven't left feeling disappointed at all. In the two times we've gone, the variety changed quite a bit, too, with maybe 4 or 5 sushi being the same. Pretty amazing when you think about 36+ items over two visits, so you can expect a lot of variety and opportunities to explore things that you might not have had before. The staff at the bar is always friendly, outgoing, and knowledgable. The lighting is really good and they do allow photos (flash off), which is nice. Some of the sushi is simply beautiful and worthy of a photo! 

The timing is set up perfectly, as well. You're allotted 2 hours for your seating, which is plenty of time. You'll finish your curated omakase in about an hour and fifteen minutes, which gives you another 45 minutes to add on anything that you wanted more of, or wanted to try and didn't receive in your tasting. This is where your bill can quickly add up, which is brilliant on their part, but also wonderful for customers, because there's no rush to get you out of your set. It's very casual and welcoming, and our server has always been really friendly, so you won't feel pressured into eating more or leaving quickly. It's just a good time with great food!

Overall, Royal has become one of our new favorite places to go. The price point (and the difficulty getting reservations for the omakase) means we're not going to be going all of the time, but it's definitely worth checking out, especially for the omakase!
Hands down...BEST sushi/omakase experience I have ever had anywhere in the world (mind you I haven't been to Japan...YET!)

Chef Jesse Ito was unreal in his service, performance and hospitality the night my gf and I attended his 8 seat, 18 piece omakase tasting...little did we know we were in for something spectacular.

Jesse made you feel right at home while serving you some of the freshest fish that had just come in the morning of from Japan. (He gets his fish flown in every morning and has no idea what he is going to be serving that evening until he opens the package!)

We started the course off with a fresh Japanese oyster that was just delightful. He followed this with multiple kinda of saba (mackerel) from all over the seas of Japan...we had amberjack, japenese mackerel, needlefish, seabream, the list goes on and on...and every single piece of fish got better and better as the omakase continued!

He then offered multiple cuts of tuna starting with akami which is the leanest cut of tuna, followed by otoro then chutoro which are fattier cuts of tuna. They almost melt in your mouth as you try to e joy the flavor without immediately scarfing down each piece!

One of the last pieces of the omakase was Hokkaido Uni...now I have had uni before and it was fantastic but the Uni Jesse served us was out of this freakin' world! The taste and texture were that of something that had dropped out of heaven. Pure ecstasy honestly. 

The experience as a whole cost $125 and was worth every penny if not more. Definitely will be returning every time I visit Philly! Cheers!
I've never been here, but live in the neighborhood and never have.  I didn't want to lower the score with my post because that's not fair, so I gave a score that wouldn't change the overall rating.

Called to get information about the restaurant.  Sounded busy in the background.  Hostess answering was extremely impatient and rude.  

She was audibly frustrated that I had questions (why else would I call?): (1) do you take reservations (the answer is no for those wondering) and (2) if not when's a good time for us to come to miss the typical Saturday night rush.  The answer to my question was "every restaurant in town is busiest between 730-9pm".  Thanks.

Won't be having our anniversary dinner here.
As of July I was informed my the server they are renovating and it should take until August so their back room isn't available; limited seating and sushi menu is condensed. Still a full bar still a full crowd and a wonderful staff. Now getting to the food and beverages ...superb. I had their Royal sushi platter for two not well worth the price with fresh uni caviar and other delights it's a winner
I'm gonna be SO BRAVE and go against the Yelp grain on this one... 

This is a hipster's dream; it's a bit off the beaten path, it's tiny, ethnically authentic, overpriced, and best of all has no advertising (not even a sign out front). It looks like somebody's house.
That's right, there's no signage whatsoever; just a pretentious little red paper lantern. It's like their whole business model is based on daring you to show off what a cool foodie insider you are by simply knowing that they exist. 

Even forgiving that, there is honestly nothing special going on inside the joint. The food is decent but the portion sizes aren't worth the cost and the service was inattentive at best. It's a dive bar with overpriced Japanese, nothing more or less.

UPDATE: For laughs, see Alphonzo's "compliment" on my page regarding his opinion of this review. If anything, he has entirely validated everything I said about what's wrong with this place.
I had a hugely underwhelming experience here. The space was cool and unique (I liked the originality of the comic playing on the wall), the service was nice enough, but at a restaurant, it all comes down to the food, and the food was ok.  We tried several dishes. The shumai was pretty good but everything else was vastly mediocre.  The beef in the curry katsu was chewy and the Royal roll was so fishy from the salmon roe that the taste pretty much overwhelmed the pallet. The cherry on top of it all was the 'gentleman' who came up to speak with the table next to us and spoke about how he needs a manager and described one of his ex managers as a 'Hispanic girl with a big ass.' Nice job objectifying women within an earshot of costumers and with a child sitting at the table. Not impressed.
This might be one of the most underrated restaurants in the city. It has some recognition being listed on PhillyMags top 50 list, but apart from that, we've never heard much buzz about this spot. And man, by the time we left, we were totally taken back by the food, the service, the environment...everything. 

Important to note right off the jump - they do not take reservations. So we showed up anticipating a wait, but it ended up being an hour long (and that was our first hunch that we may have uncovered a treasure.) That said we were willing to wait knowing that Lucky's Last Chance (a favorite beer & burger joint of ours) is just a couple minute walk down the road. So we waited it out there and got a drink to pass the time.

You can easily spot the entrance next to the red glow of their paper lantern hanging outside, and as soon as you walk in to Royal Izkaya - you see that this place is ALIVE. They have a pretty big bar slinging all sorts of creative drinks which draws a nice crowd, and every table available had butts in the seats. If we had to complain about one thing, it is just the noise because it is crazy loud. Hard to hear your own conversations. This isn't necessarily a turnoff for us entirely, but want to point out it for people who may prioritize a more intimate setting. 

Their cuisine & menu style is reflective of a "street style" japanese offering. Smaller plates, packed with flavor & creative flare (& candidly - I still felt like they were decently portioned.) We ordered a ton of plates, but the ones that stood out the most were the grilled avocado, duck buns, & roasted red pepper roll. We also really enjoyed the mochi sampler for dessert. 

Everything is fairly priced, and our service was great. Always felt like they were attentive, helpful with the menu, and just overall friendly. 

Would recommend stepping outside of your comfort zone and diving into their traditional japanese beer selection. 

All in all, the food was top notch and it was a lot of fun. We can't wait to go back.
Finally... a quality sushi establishment in Philadelphia. If you are looking for cheap tiny rolls stuffed with over ripe avocado - please move on. Royal puts Philadelphia on the sushi map! Here's what you need to know about this sushi experience:

- 2 or 3 seatings only per night. As a result, you will be charged if you no show

- Reservations are through the Resy App. Never heard of it until I tried to get reservations. 

- Two Omakase options at 9($65) or 18 pieces ($125). I recommend spoiling yourself and getting the full experience, go 18 pieces

- Fresh fish flown in daily. This is where Royal excels. Most of the sushi places in Phily all serve the same boring over used standard 8 piece combos. Highlights for me included the Amberjack, super fatty tuna, medium fatty tuna, buri - yellowtail, Japanese Grouper, Japanese Snapper, Striped Jack, Horse Mackerel and a fabulous fresh Uni creation.

- You will be served one piece at at a time while watching the sushi chef prepare each piece with great care. The chef will explain what your eating

- Unlike many similar higher quality sushi omakase restaurants, Royal lets you have your own bottle of Soya sauce and unlimited Wasabi (which is  made fresh at Royal). Usually the sushi chef will add in the exact proportions depending on the fish being served

- You will be in sushi heaven. I'm still dreaming of the melt in your mouth Hon Otoro ( super fatty tuna) 

- Nice selection of Hitachino Nest beers on tap and bottle 

THANK YOU Royal. I was ready to give up on finding good quality sushi in Philadelphia until I walked through your door. 

Highly recommended. 

BK
Fresh and authentic - definitely an amazing omakase experience and hidden gem in Philly. The fish and seafood are so fresh and delicious, literally melts in your mouth and makes you cry. The quality is no joke, the fish are imported overnight from Spain, Japan and New Zealand so you know you're getting that good stuff.

I did the mini omakase ($65 for 12 pieces) my first visit and the full ($125 for 18 pieces) my second. If you break it down, the full costs more than the mini ($6.94 per piece vs $5.41). I thought that the full would include higher quality selections but they were about the same. If I were to go back I'd rather do the mini and then order whatever else I want a la carte. My favorites were the fatty tuna, scallop, oyster and eel. The fatty tuna is $15 by itself so you're definitely getting a deal if it's part of your omakase.

The food on the izakaya side is also delicious and reasonably priced. Best takoyaki I've had in the city - crunchy on the outside, soft on the inside and actually tastes fresh. Wish we had more authentic omakase spots like this in philly.
Wow. One of the best sushi restaurants I've ever eaten.. and probably the best in Philly. I came here late night and sat at the bar. There is a fantastic late-night sashimi bowl special after 10pm, I think for around $17.  The TUNA GUAC was probably the best tuna I've ever eaten in my entire life. It was like butter, just melts in your mouth, you don't even need to chew it! And the flavor was mind blowing. This was the biggest hit of all my friends, we all ordered our own because we didn't want to share it! 
I also had the octopus balls, they were delicious.. like fried risotto balls, similar to that, but stuffed with octopus. It was delicious. We also ordered shumai, which was delicious, and a chef's special roll of the night. The roll was $22, but that was the most expensive thing we got because the amount of different sushi inside was very worth it. It was fantastic. 

Everything we ordered was so good, it kept us buying more that we didn't intend. 

The other reason I'm in love with Royal Sushi is is because its seriously the best SAKE I've ever had! The bartender was such a rockstar and recommended us the PERFECT sakes after she learned our palates and what flavors we were looking for. I am so impressed with the sake selection, and the bartender's recommendations. 

The last reason I love Royal Sushi, is because the atmosphere is unlike any sushi restaurant you'll ever visit. Royal sushi is more like a speakeasy cocktail bar, from the 1920's. Its not your typical sushi restaurant. And the unique cocktail options were also fantastic! The drink menu was massive with tons of great choices. 

I can't say enough great things about Royal Sushi, and I've only been here once. I can't wait to come back. What a strong first impression made upon me!
i've been dying to try this place but it was impossible to get a reservation. i finally got to try some takeout due to the pandemic.

i got the industry chirashi, their wings and a shrimp tempura roll.

honestly...  i was disappointed and have had WAY better chirashi.

chirashi - this was so salty! they pre put in soy sauce which i wasn't a fan of. i could barely eat the rice in it bc it was so salty. the portion was also VERY small for $22. like a miso soup container. the assortment of fish was OK, not as fresh as i've had chirashi takeout in other places

wings - this was probably the best dish. fried well but the sauce that came with it was a little salty. it was basically just soy sauce with jalapenos

shrimp tempura roll - this was OK. like i said i've had better

all in all - i spent $84 dollars on 2 chirashi, wings and a shrimp tempura roll. i think i wasted my money and definitely could have had better quality elsewhere
Came here hungry and with the intent of eating a full meal. Unfortunately I wasn't able to find much satisfaction in the food here after having had dinner at Double Knot the night before. Very much like what it would be like trying Dunkin Donuts for the first time after a box of hot-off-the-conveyor Krispy Kreme original glazed.

Fortunately, service was fantastic, and the food came out quickly, but the flavors and execution were disappointing - so we ended up cutting our losses halfway through the meal and heading back over to Center City to eat a second dinner.

Ordered a couple of cold apps - the Kinpira Gobo (Braised Burdock Root) and Spinach Gomaae, neither of which I was blown away by. The special-of-the-day Tuna Tataki was by far the best part of this meal. Too bad the Chicken Thigh Yakitori and the Skirt Steak Yakitori were pretty plain-Jane boring. The Chashu Buns were generously-sized, but far from being in the top half of pork buns I've eaten.

I can understand why this place has high ratings among hipsters and its local neighbors. It's a speakeasy-like discovery when you come here for the first time. It's just that with so many great food options in Philly, it's hard for me to imagine why you'd choose this particular spot if you're looking for the perfect special meal - at least that's what I'm usually seeking when I'm traveling and going out of my way to try a 4.5-star, hundreds-of-reviews place off-the-beaten-path like tonight.

BTW, Royal's wooden bar perfectly transmits every rhythm and vibration from any/all finger drummers and tappers sitting at it, even from 20 feet down the bar. Stop finger drumming, people!
Speakeasy-esque, funky bar in queen village. Diverse selection of Japanese cuisine. Fun tapas style dinner date!
Get the Full Omakase!  It's like a trip to Tokyo.  Sushi is almost or right on par with the omakasi at the Tsukiji fish Market (Jesse gets fish flown in weekly from Tsukiji)
I dined here last night, a Saturday night, with one friend. We arrived at 7pm and were seated within 10 minutes. Once ordered, both drinks and food arrived quickly. 

For drinks, we shared a carafe of Itami Onigoroshi sake. This sake was light and dry with a smooth, almost sweet finish. Very nice!

To fill our hungry bellies, we ordered (1) Hamachi Kama, (2) Agedashi Tofu, (3) Assorted Sashimi, (4) Ginko Nut Skewer, (5) Grilled Squid, (6) Sautéed Clams, and (7)  Tuna Maki. I would order 3 dishes per person.

No dish stood out as especially good or bad. The squid was slightly under cooked and the hamachi kama over cooked. The sushi was fresh and not overly fishy at all. The ginko nut skewers were lovely but overpriced. 

In the end, our bill came out to $50 per person - a steep price for an unimpressionable meal. I recommend patronizing Royal now, before the hype makes the meal unworthy of the wait.
Dope hipster spot for the low key Japanophile or shinnichi if you're truly down for the red sun. Menu resembles more of a fast casual spot in Tokyo rather than a multigenerational one off in Osaka. But don't get it twisted, you'll see tons of Western-style sushi options here. But you'll also see the occasional "straight from Japan" offering as well. 

But everyone comes for the liks. Bar is dope and bartenders make it that way. Yes there are booths and tables but why would you wanna sit there if there are spots open at the bar?

Parking?  You already know what that's going to be like. 

But you won't be disappointed...
Just waking up on a lazy Sunday morning and already missing my meal from last night. 

It was that impressive.

We showed up around 8:45 and put my name down for our party of 4 since it was a full house (including a full bar without much standing space). The hostess kindly suggested that we could go to this other bar a block away and she'd call us when the table is ready. We took her advice and had a few drinks at New Wave (a nice neighborhood spot), and about an hour later got the call our table was ready (they reserve it for you for the next 10 min).

We were so hungry we ordered up a storm. Unfortunately I got lazy with picture taking so didn't capture all the food we ordered.

Ordered:
-Tuna mentaiko (tuna, fluke, spicy cod roe, sesame seeds, sesame oil, soy, scallions)
-Spinach gomaae (spinach, black sesame sauce, sesame seeds)
-Chashu buns (pork belly, scallions, cucumbers, some combo of mayo/soy ginger glaze)
-Hamachi Kama (grilled yellowtail collar)
-Saba shioyaki (grilled mackerel)
-Grilled squid
-Salmon/avocado sushi roll 
-Chirashi 
-Some yakitori plate with shishito peppers, ginkgo nuts, bacon scallop, chicken and something else I'm forgetting. I'm angry at my friend for not sharing the scallop w/ me.
-Takoyaki 
-Eggplant (I think glazed with sweet miso per the menu I found online)

Everything was tasty and well executed. Some of my favorites were the tuna mentaiko, chashu buns, and the yellowtail collar. The other grilled options and both our sushi orders were excellent as well.

I loved the decor, a mix of fun Japanese touches with the anime playing on the wall and cute candles lining the wall behind the seats, with the wooden bar that has more of a mature look.

Pricing is reasonable, especially considering we ordered 4 carafes of sake (menu also boosts a respectable sake collection). 

In the past when I craved izakaya food I ended up in NYC because of slim pickings here. I'm glad that's no longer the case!
Finally. I've been hearing about this place since I moved here. In my heart I want to give it a five-star review. But as is the trend with most restaurants I've been to within their first month or two of opening, they're always kinks that need to be worked out. The only kink I noticed here was the food; nothing really stood out. Don't get me wrong there were excellent dishes, but nothing you haven't seen or tasted before. 

The ambiance is fantastic. The Japanese television entertainment projected onto the wall a-la-Trestle Inn is a nice touch. Service was excellent.

The real star is the beverage selection. Do you have a great draft beer list, and their sake selection is fantastic. It's not often that you find dining venues that offer Nigori sake let alone more than one kind of Nigori sake.

Food: 3.75 (Tuna Guac, Hamachi Kama, Karaage Wings, Shogayaki, Pork Belly Skewers; sushi isn't the draw here. Go for everything inside the menu.)
Drink: 5.00

Go check this place out for yourself, it's fun. Looking forward to visiting again and exploring the drink action more.
We placed a huge order for delivery and everything was beyond delicious. You cannot go wrong. All fish is fresh and melts in your mouth. The cooked foods were flavorful. Everything held up well for delivery. We tried galbi, tofu, bamboo shoots, chirashi, soft shell crab roll, shrimp tempura roll, spicy crab roll. It was all worth every penny!
Finally. I've been hearing about this place since I moved here. In my heart I want to give it a five-star review. But as is the trend with most restaurants I've been to within their first month or two of opening, they're always kinks that need to be worked out. The only kink I noticed here was the food; nothing really stood out. Don't get me wrong there were great dishes, but nothing you haven't seen or tasted before. 

The ambiance is fantastic. The Japanese television entertainment projected onto the wall a-la-Trestle Inn is a nice touch. Service was excellent.

The real star is the beverage selection. You have a great draft beer list, and their sake selection is fantastic. It's not often that you find dining venues that offer Nigori sake let alone more than one kind of Nigori sake.

Food: 3.75 (Tuna Guac, Hamachi dish, pork belly skewers; sushi isn't the draw here. Go for everything inside the menu.)
Drink: 5

Go check this place out for yourself, it's fun. Looking forward to visiting again.
We went for the full Omakase with Chef Jesse Ito. Hands down the best and freshest sushi in Philly. I must say it also rivaled San Fran Omakase. Everything is flown in fresh daily and Chef Jesse brings it to perfection. Overall a great experience that we will definitely be back for! In my opinion the best bites included:

1) fresh raw scallop
2) oyster
3) toro with caviar
4) uni + ikura + scallop
This review is for the industrial chirashi that is only available from 11 pm - 1 am and is one of the best kept secrets imo. There's a chirashi option during regular dining hours that costs $27, but the industrial chirashi only costs $16. Not sure if there is a size difference, but it comes in a pint and the original intention is that it's for the chefs that are coming off work, you the real MVP. Its basically left over cuts of fish.

But on with the food. My SO and I agree this is one of the best chirashis' we've had. It's a little different in that wasabi was not given instead a roe spicy sauce thingy was given and geeeez it was quite a winner. Also the rice base was heavily sesame oil seasoned, which worked for me because I love sesame oil, although I feel like they went a little too heavy on it. I may come during regular hours and try out the regular chirashi and see how they compare. But my SO and I would definitely come back for the industrial chirashi as we think it's 100% worth the wait and so well priced.

We also ordered combo A skewers which were just okay and nothing to write home about. It didn't really give off the grilled flavor and the seasoning was more miss than hit. A star was docked off for the underwhelming skewers.

Ambience- they had a projector playing dragon ball z and SO was definitely like please take my money.
Marked with a red, Japanese lantern, the blue (solid) door doesn't give any indication of whether Royal Sushi & Izakaya is open or closed. Pull on the handle, and voila, enter a dimly lit bar (very cool red tin ceiling in the main room, blue tin in the one bathroom), which, though mostly otherwise wood, felt airy due to its tall ceilings. There are a few booths, a number of tables for two, and a couple high tops. The bar itself is comfortable to sit at (while we waited for a table for three on a Sunday evening--they're obviously doing well!) and the staff seemed friendly (though there didn't seem to be a dedicated hostess).

Food-wise, we wanted to try everything (that's what happens when you walk 1.5 miles to get there!), but played it safe with the following: tuna guac (fantastic; loved the balance of the avocado with the hint of wasabi and the pepperiness of the greens!); beef tataki (the presentation was beautiful, the beef perfectly prepared, and the flavors were sumptuous); yaki gyoza, chashu buns (not sure what's going on, but the last few places I've had chashu buns have been underwhelming: where's the tasty, slightly sweet, thick sauce gone?!), combo "b" skewers, which included chicken, pork belly (the best of the bunch), bacon-wrapped scallops, bacon-wrapped asparagus, shishito peppers (slightly spicy), and we swapped the ginko nut for chicken livers.

Highly recommend a trip, and will definitely be back again. Overall, I'd say it's not an inexpensive place to eat. With tip it's over $30 for food (not including drinks) for dinner. And maybe they'll establish a happy hour at some point?
I haven't been in a long time and maybe I went on an off night, but this was one of my favorite meals in recent memory. The fish was some of the freshest I have had in the city. The cooked food was very good, and standard izakakaya fare very well done.
Service was on point. 
The specials menu was amazing and I would suggest all of it--especially the sashimi. And the soft shell crab?! Yes yes yes. 
Royal, I'm sorry I didn't come back sooner. I won't make that same mistake again!
My Philly have friends have told me about this place and I was finally able to stop by recently for a take out order. We ordered the fresh uni platter from Maine, miso black cod and the Chirashi. Everything was fresh and the online ordering system was seamless. The Chirashi had toro, fresh uni, salmon roe and tuna. Price wise its a bit high, but I would pay for it as the quality is amazing. Great umami flavors and even the soy sauce was very rich in flavor. The uni comes packages with pre rolled sushi rice and seaweed. One of the staff members mentioned that they get shipments multiple times a week and this uni was definitely fresh. The miso cod was delicious and must order as well. 

I do recommend ordering way in advance if you want the popular items like uni and the Royal Chirashi. I've seen in the past they have sold out quickly. With current Covid conditions they offer take out only. Best to order in advance, park on one of the side streets and check in with the cashier. Ill definitely be back to try their izakaya dishes and try to get my hands on the Royal Chirashi
The omakase experience with Chef Jesse Ito was nothing short of incredible. Every piece of fish was delicious, and this is the best sushi in Philadelphia.

The dining room and bar are awesome as well, and you can't go wrong with the regular menu. This is definitely my new favorite sushi spot in Philly.
Places like this make me realize that I love restaurants that "know themselves" and aren't afraid to stick to their guns when it comes to their vision. With all of the charm of a Chinatown menu booklet, the options here were endless so as a first-timer, I had hoped I looked on Yelp a bit more for menu suggestions! That said, the waitress was very helpful in making recommendations. 

They have a very large cold sake list, specials of the day, appetizers (mostly fish but more experimental than other places in the city!) sashimi, and some rolls. Go here expecting an awesome experience, and delicious flavor combinations truer to the Asian experience than many Americanized places. 

The seating options in the front of the house accommodate those looking for an upscale bar feel, while the back of the house offers a more intimate experience while you watch the chefs prepare your food. 

Fantastic place!
Bf and I had our date night here and overall the food was good but nothing special. We went on a Sat night around 6:30pm and they don't take reservations but we only waited about 20 min before being seated. The restaurant was packed and very loud so it was a little hard to hear and we sat very close to other tables - would def not recommend for first dates. The plates are very small so they recommend 2-3 plates per person. Here's what we ordered:

Spicy crunchy tuna roll - I loved this roll because they don't just sprinkle the tempura flakes on top like most sushi places. The tempura pieces are incorporated into the roll and it gives it so much more texture. It wasn't as spicy as I'd like but I do have a higher tolerance.

Ebi Shumai - This was my bf's favorite. The dumplings are nice and plump so there was a lot of flavor packed into them. Beware of the spicy mustard they serve on the side because it is as spicy as wasabi!

Chashu Buns - Nothing too special about these... the pork belly was nice and juicy and the cucumbers made it refreshing.

Kurobuta Hot Dogs - Again, nothing special... the sausages were a bit too salty for me.

Torikatsu - We were surprised how plump these pieces were but because it is the white meat, it was a tad bit dry but not terrible.

Negi Toro Roll - These rolls were HUGE but soooo good. The tuna just melts in your mouth and you have to shove each roll in but it's worth it. 

Can't wait to be back to try their omakase once they open that section back up!
Royal Sushi is ridiculous. The attention to detail, the freshness of the ingredients, and the friendly staff make this one of the best dining experiences in Philly. Each piece of the omakase is filled with complex flavors that accentuate the fish/seafood.  Our favorites included yellowtail, seared king salmon belly, and the rosy sea bass. An added piece of eel served as a perfect dessert with its sweet and savory notes. The price for the omakase is well-worth the experience. Save up and enjoy!
Update: I'm giving five stars, specifically for the Omakase menu in the Izakaya. Reservations must be made far in advance via Resy, but since a friend of mine is in town and a late night reservation happened to open up, I grabbed the spot. There's very limited seating at the Izakaya, located in the back of the restaurant, and there's such an intimate and inviting atmosphere. Jesse Ito has a true understanding of the delicacy of sashimi and takes it to a whole other level. For Omakase menu, you sample 18 pieces of sushi, chef's choice. We were given a menu to follow along, and every single bite really took us on a journey for our tastebuds. Below is a list of everything we sampled that evening. Due to the freshness of the fish, we were encouraged to eat the sushi with our hands, if desired. We appreciated the fact that the types of fish used were unique and imported directly from Japan. My personal favorites that evening were the Makogarei and the Itoyori. I am now a huge fan of sea bream - mostly because of the sweet finish of the fish. A runner up was the decadent toro with caviar - lean tuna topped with briny caviar. And of course, for uni fans, nothing is as sweet and satisfying as uni from Hokkaido. I really loved his creative method of pairing sushi with a soy sauce, or a scallion/lime mixture, or the use of a smoke machine for the torched salmon. This was such a lovely and memorable experience, especially for the Philly sushi scene, highly recommended! 

Uni starter with Japanese seaweed (was not on the menu) 
Shima aji - striped jack, Japan
Makogarei - Mathilde sole, daikon radish, Japan
Ainame - greenling Japan
Itoyori - golden threadfin bream, Japan
Hata - grouper, Japan
Isaki - threeline grunt, Japan
Hiramasa - yellowtail amberjack
Nijimasu - rainbow trout, Japan
Sakura masu - cherry trout, Japan
Aburi Sake - torched king salmon 
Ayu - sweetfish, Japan
Aji - cured horse mackerel, Japan
Saba battera - cured mackerel 
Akami -lean tuna
Toro with caviar
Hokkaido uni
Came here for the Chirashi.

The bowl was generous on sashimi. There were a lot of fresh cuts.

A few of the pieces of fish were pretty tough. But most were super creamy and delicious. 

The rice was perfectly executed with enough toothiness while still being sticky. The seaweed flakes and little bits of vinaiger gave the rice a nice balance.

Overall this was a good bowl of sushi and rice. Much better than any "poke" bowl you'll find in Philly.
I've dined here in the izakaya half before and enjoyed all the small plates and fare there. But my roommate and I came here recently to celebrate graduating from dental school with some
omakase. We started off at the bar outside in the izakaya with shochu and sake. Really appreciated the bartenders generous pour of sake into the masa cup to keep with Japanese tradition. 

We were then moved to the back for our dinner portion. (I also have to note that royal sushi is very legit about their reservations and scheduling. I got a few text messages prior to our reservation to confirm and make sure we knew how much time we had for our meal).

Then the magic happened. My roommate had the mini omakase and I had the full 18 piece one. We were so impressed with what Chef Jesse Ito prepared for us and it was such an experience to watch him make everything in front of us. 

I noticed that when my friend went to the bathroom, he didn't serve anything to me without her and I thought that was incredibly polite. They asked us what we were celebrating and at the end of the meal we were surprised with champagne!

I was honestly blown away by the service and the experience of having a traditional omakase. And I'll just give specific shout outs to some of the sushi we had that we really really loved - the Maine scallop, all the types of toro we had, aburi sake, and for me I really loved the Hokkaido uni and I was not really a fan before.

If you're going for the first time I would suggest doing the full 18 piece omakase. If you go with the mini, just order some of your favorite pieces after to enjoy it some more. I wish I had the stomach to eat some of the fish I had twice!

Anyways, please enjoy! I will remember that meal for a very long time.
Been to both the izakaya/bar and the omakase dinner at the sushi bar on multiple occasions. The food is top notch, hands-down my favorite place to get nigirizushi in Philly. 

The izakaya is a great casual place to grab a bite with friends and everything is sharable. Definitely get a variety of skewers and add the fries -- they are sooooo good! And if you feel like being anti-social, there's a projector that plays anime on the wall, so you have some entertainment while you eat haha.

My guilty pleasure is the omakase at the sushi bar. Reservations are a MUST. You can get the "mini" (10 pieces of nigirizushi) or the "full" (18 pieces). .. and if that's not enough, you can order additional pieces or from the izakaya menu as well. (But note, you cannot order nigiri at the izakaya.) Chef Jesse is very good about giving you a nice variety, and can also do substitutions if you don't want a certain fish, or you can even opt for sashimi if you're starting to get full from the rice. Not to mention, watching him slice the fish and create the nigiri in front of you is entertaining as well. Highly recommend if you love nigiri like I do!
About a year ago, I dined in the izakya half and enjoyed all the sake offerings and the knowledge of the server, loved the eggplant dish and everything we got was so fresh in respects to the the fish especially, but really everything.

Last night was my first visit to the back room that seats about 10 for either a 10 piece $70 or 18 piece $130 omakase and certainly not my last! I was beyond impressed, and left with a huge smile on my face which food often does to me.

It was such an experience, to sit right in front of the sushi chefs, and watching them thinly and precisely cut and prepare the sushi right in front of you. Each piece curated with such thoughtfulness - whether it be the caviar on the top, the bit of wasabi under the fish, a bit of shaving from lime for brightness, I was impressed by every single piece that came out. 

We opted to try the 10 piece omakase and  supplement with the a la carte izakaya menu and I have no regrets on that! I think it's a great option if you want a taste of the amazing sushi, but also want to try a lot of other things. But I certainly want to return for the full 18 piece experience. I firmly believe it was worth the price tag. For the freshness of the fish which you could taste and feel the texture in ever bite alone, it's worth it. But to watch the art of sushi making right in front of you, and to taste it... it's worth the experience. 

The grilled squie and kaarage chicken were also amazing from the kitchen. The chef was also kind enough to serve us 2 glasses of champagne on the house for our anniversary!

I rarely give out 5 stars - but last night was one for the books. Royal Izakya, you literally finalized our travel plans for 2019 ... Japan here we come !!
A hip ambiance, delicious small plates, and expensive price tags is the formula at Royal Izakaya. Identified by a single red lantern from the outside, this restaurant is the inconspicuous Lone Ranger on the block. Modern music permeates the chic, dimly lit single room bar.

The menu is massive and the plates are small- so the bill racks up fast, especially if you order sake. As good as the food was, surprisingly the cheaper sides are what won me over the most. 

The miso soup ($4) was Smokey and had a food amount of chewable substance in the broth (tofu, seaweed, etc. unlike the majority of miso soups I've had). The French fries came with a spicy mayo fish egg sauce that won my heart ($6). But my absolute favorite thing we ordered were the bacon scallop skewers ($3) - perfectly seared dry scallops - nice and moist in the middle with a sliver of crunchy bacon- the most well executed S&B I've had to date.

Other noteworthy dishes: Tuna Guac, Wagyu Skirt Steak, Short Ribs, Miso Black Cod

Just okay: the spider roll ( was okay, but I've had better),

Missed the mark: chicken gizzard skewer (wish these were deep fired.. came out a little chewy), and the pork belly skewers (these were very stinky - like they needed to be brined, and there was no crispy skin or crunch anywhere to be found)

Also, our waitress was very informative and very attentive. She seemed to really enjoy working there with a passion for Japanese cuisine.  I believe her name was Rebecca.

Overall, we enjoyed it here and will return down the road.
Ever since the folks behind some of my favorite Philly restaurants (e.g. Dos Segundos, Khyber Pass) announced the Royal Sushi and Izakaya concept in the early 2010s, I eagerly tracked the place's often fraught progress. Izakayas, with their grilled meats, fried delicacies, and energetic feel, remain some of my favorite places to eat and drink, and Philly has a frustrating lack of them. Happily, Royal mostly delivered on the promise of delivering a reasonably authentic izakaya experience to the city, and a recent dinner here met my expectations.

Royal's fairly small dining room could use more light, as the menu is difficult to read given the dim lighting. Major props for playing anime on the projector, though. Our server helped us navigate the menu yet remained unobtrusive throughout service. The drink selections here are heads and shoulders above most Asian places in the city; there is a large selection of sake, cocktails, and beers (including rare varieties of Hitachino on draft) that go well with the food.

We ordered six dishes that arrived more or less at the same time. The small size of our table didn't accommodate all of those plates comfortably, so pace yourself to ensure you're not crowded out by your food. In regards to the food itself, it mostly was memorable. Miso soup is usually a throwaway, but here it tastes deep, rich, and almost nutty. Steak tataki brought perfectly juicy slivers of meat cut with a bright sauce of lemon and soy. The takoyaki had fluffy, creamy innards studded with chunks of octopus and doused in delicious sauces and bonito flakes. Our kushiyaki sampler did justice to Japanese skewers; we particularly enjoyed the bacon wrapped scallops and shiitake mushroom varieties. Two dishes we ordered, the pedestrian pork belly bao and overly salty Kurobota sausages, failed to impress as much.

Royal Sushi and Izakaya represents one of the more authentic izakaya experiences around, and that warrants a visit in and of itself. The food we sampled tasted quite good, the drink program outclasses any other Japanese spot in the city, and the bill was reasonable. I look forward to returning for more grilled meats and to sample the highly praised sushi selections.
While traveling in Philly, we found an interesting Japanese restaurant. It has a certain speakeasy feel to it, with no name or address on the door. 

It was kind of stormy evening, very windy and cold, with heavy and cold snow coming down. But, this place was almost full when we walked in with lots of locals. A great sign of delicious food! The inside is not large, with the right side occupied by a nice big bar. The left side has bench and chair alongside the wall from the front to back.

The real fun thing was the projector on the brick wall, playing clips of Japanese TV shows and movies! In order to get this going, the lighting in here is kind of dark...darker than "dim" lighting. Many of the TV show clips were really old, from 80s I think, super fun! 

The menu was filled with Japanese and Japanese-inspired Izakaya fares, I was very excited! We had Tuna Mentaiko, Kurobuta Sausage, Yaki Curry Tofu, Chashu Buns, and Saba Shioyaki. They were all excellent, delicious, comforting and really hit the spot! The quality was high, and we enjoyed every single dish very much.

Our server, Greg was awesome, he was super helpful and informative. He was very knowledgeable about the food here, and gives great explanation and recommendation to the customers who are not familiar with Japanese food on what to order, and how to eat them. He took a really nice care of us, we were very happy with the service. Other staffs here were also very nice and sweet!

One extra note, they have nigiri sushi omakase hidden at the back behind curtains. It is like speakeasy inside speakeasy... They are reservation only, and I heard they get booked up about two weeks ahead since they only have eight counter seats.
This review is for the industrial chirashi that is only available from 11 pm - 1 am and is one of the best kept secrets imo. There's a chirashi option during regular dining hours that costs $27, but the industrial chirashi only costs $16. Not sure if there is a size difference, but it comes in a pint and the original intention is that it's for the chefs that are coming off work, you the real MVP. Its basically left over cuts of fish.

But on with the food. My SO and I agree this is one of the best chirashis' we've had. It's a little different in that wasabi was not given instead a roe spicy sauce thingy was given and geeeez it was quite a winner. Also the rice base was heavily sesame oil seasoned, which worked for me because I love sesame oil, although I feel like they went a little too heavy on it. I may come during regular hours and try out the regular chirashi and see how they compare. 

UPDATE: So we did come back to try the regular hour chirashi and we love it!! Both SO and I inhaled it before any pictures could be taken. There was more variety to the cuts of fish and it is again 100% fresh, enjoyed every piece immensely. 

But my SO and I would definitely come back for the industrial chirashi as we think it's 100% worth the wait and so well priced.

We also ordered combo A skewers which were just okay and nothing to write home about. It didn't really give off the grilled flavor and the seasoning was more miss than hit. A star was docked off for the underwhelming skewers.

Ambience- they had a projector playing dragon ball z and SO was definitely like please take my money.
I mean, how freakin' great is this place? I've been wanting to get to Royal for some time and it was legit so good we came back twice in one week. I kid you not. Walked in around 6:30pm on a Tuesday and was seated right away (4 people) and again around 6:45pm on a Saturday (2 people) and were able to snag bar seats. There is seating available both inside and outside, though I prefer the inside because the atmosphere is so welcoming. It's dark, it's mysterious, and it's a great intimate setting for a dinner with friends, family, whomever! Our server Billy was so knowledgeable and helped us with recommendations on our first trip in. The cocktails were delicious (I LOVED the Cherry Blossom) and there were tons of sake options to choose from (though I had no idea how to even begin with sake so didn't go there). 

Ok, so good. Some stars of the show included: grilled avocado, spinach gomaae, tuna guac, sashimi combo, corn special, duck buns, friend fish buns,  hanger steak, chirashi bowl, and wagyu roll. There was nothing we tried that we didn't like, but these were our faves! The hanger steak was so tender and paired amazingly with the black sesame sauce. The sashimi and fish in general was so fresh and so delicious. The service was incredible and the atmosphere great too. 10/10! Can't wait to make Royal a staple in our diet!
The omakase truly changed my understanding of what sushi is. Though I can't claim to have dined at a ton of highly regarded sushi spots (yet!), this was hands down the best sushi I've ever had in my life by a wide margin. This is the type of place you take your foodie friends visiting from out of town who don't believe Philly has a great restaurant scene. It is nothing short of mind-blowing in every way; I'd give it more than five stars if I could.
We couldn't get a reservation for the Omakase since it was last minute and we were just in town visiting for the weekend. We decided to go here anyways to try the Izakaya food and maybe order a few pieces of sushi if they let us. They don't, you can only order the predetermined rolls, you can't actually order any nigiri pieces from the sushi bar. 

In terms of the actual Izakaya food, don't bother. It's average. The only thing I would maybe order again are the yakitori sets. 

If I come back in the future and manage to snag an omakase resy, I'll update this review.
the food here was absolutely amazing. it is like a higher end bar food menu and the portions are a smaller size. we tried the Jumbo Shumai, Saba Yaki, Ika Yaki, Tuna Guac, Beef Tataki, Spicy crunchy tuna, the miso soup and we tried the miso soup with the clam (I can't remember the actual name), soba soup, pork buns, pork belly skewer, shishito peppers skewer and agadashi tofu. oh and the takoyaki, sunomono and a sashimi plate. 

everything was seriously amazing. if you've been to Yakitori boy, you'll love this place even more. all the food was so fresh and cooked to perfection. i can't wait to go back and eat everything else on the menu! 

service was also great. our server was very attentive and filled our water glasses about 10 times. (the sodium can definitely add up! )
The other day, I had really good omakase from a different restaurant and someone recommended this place to me. Wow, I cannot believe I'm just now finding out about this gem! I got the nigiri deluxe to go. Every single piece was so beautifully made. The flavors were so well balanced. Everything literally melted in your mouth. My mom is afraid of the thought of eating raw fish, so I let her try this and she was like, "omg this is so good! It doesn't taste fishy at all!" Now, this is actually the best nigiri I've ever had. :happy dance: I cannot wait to have the true experience of dining here one day. Unfortunately, due to the virus, there are no dine-in available.
Royal Sushi deserves all the five-star reviews! We somehow managed to walk in with 4 people on Saturday night at 7pm and snag a table immediately. They don't take reservations, and I hear there is usually a wait. Be aware that you do need to show proof of vaccination and photo ID at the door. 

Our waitress was lovely and very attentive. I ordered the sake pina colada which was surprisingly delicious and not overly sweet. For food, I ordered the spicy salmon roll, shishito peppers, and split the pork belly buns. 

The pork belly bun is the best thing I have eaten in a long time. I also tried the yakisoba noodles and wow, I will definitely be getting those next time. I was shocked by how much I enjoyed the grilled cabbage dish-- I legitimately couldn't stop eating it.
By far the greatest dining experience I've ever had in my life. We were lucky enough to be served by Jesse himself in 2019. He was super personable. Talked to us about everything and had a smile on his face the entire time. Experience was one of a kind and I cannot wait to go back. The omakase was out of this world. Was my first time trying toro and uni and I'm hooked. Had a drink and appetizers at the bar before our seating which was great as well and the atmosphere was great.
There's not very many high-end and quality sushi places in the city - the only other one that comes to mind is Morimoto. This place is part speakeasy, part hipster/cool vibe hangout, and part high-end sushi joint. The result is a really interesting and fun ambiance with a lot of character and alone worth the visit. As for the sushi, it was all incredibly fresh, high-quality, and presented well. You'll definitely find pieces of fish that you won't see elsewhere in the city but certainly Japan. The price however makes it difficult for me to justify visiting more often.
The chef's table is expensive (half omakase - $65 per person for 10 pieces of sashimi), you are at the discretion of the chefs, getting reservations at 7-8 PM is difficult especially Thurday-Saturday, and you better not miss it because you face a steep price for any cancellation.

While the front room with the bar is noisy and crowded, the chef's table is in a separate room in the back with a notably reduced noise level. It only seats 8 people though. 

On the Wed. night we were there, Marcie Turney and Valerie Safran were sitting next to us. There is supposedly a steady stream of food industry regulars at the chef's table especially on Tues. and Wed. nights.   

It is entirely worth it. This is the best sashimi option in Philly right now and is on par with sashimi in NYC or San Francisco. The half omakase was also filling enough for a single person too.  

Best to go with a significant other given the very limited seating options at the chef's table. A party of 4 would work but likely would be difficult to get a decent time.
Cannot recommend Jesse Ito's omakase at Royal Sushi & Izakaya more strongly: perfect for a special occasion, show your ID and vaccination card and settle in around the counter (8 seats total) to have an awesome, elevated experience for all 5 of your senses: listen to the muted hustle'n'bustle of the main dining room and its music, take in the beauty of each (large) bite-size nigiri, feel the warm rice as you lift nigiri to your nose, inhale the scent of brushed soy sauce or zested lime, and prepare for your taste buds to rejoice! Kelly B. was a wonderful, attentive hostess and highly knowledgeable on the varieties of sake available. We loved being able to ask questions about various offerings as they were presented and to learn about the origin of each ingredient.

Some of my favorite pieces: KAKI (Washington state kumamoto oyster, toro),  KINMEDAI (Japanese golden eye snapper, chive), SABA (cured Japanese mackerel, sesame sauce), CHUTORO CAVIAR (fatty Spanish bluefin, osetra caviar). Other than the squid, which wasn't my favorite solely due to texture, every piece was unique and delicious.

We only had room in our stomachs for one add-on--Tamago (sweet egg omelette), which had been prepared by Jesse's father, Masaharu (Matt) Ito, former owner of Fuji in the South Jersey suburbs. The layering was superb and it had such a gentle taste.

Will definitely try for another reservation in the future; hope to see you there!
What a cute spot! This restaurant is in the middle of Queen Village and seems to cater to the local crowd in addition to folks coming from other parts of town. I had the pork buns which were amazing. Sushi was only ok and I wish I had tried something else instead of that.

It's best to come to this place with a group so everyone can try a bit of something. As a solo diner you'd run up quite a tab trying all of the tasty looking things on the menu!
I really love the music and the old school vibe here.  The food is also really good.  I had the sushi rolls.  The salmon and yellowtail (with scallions) was excellent! My husband had the short rib and he said it was really good as shit which means a lot coming from his normal bland response to almost EVERY question I ask any other time.  Anyway, I also suggest the grilled avocado.  If you like avocado, this will be delightful. It has scallions and spices.   I wish I got 2 of em.   Shoot now I'm hungry all over after writing this review.  Ugh.  Overall, this place is a really my go-to especially on the late night!
Mentioned to a friend our late nite rut of going to the same couple of standby spots - and he suggested this place. We lucked up and found street parking. We were a little nervous about what we'd find on the other side of that mysterious door- but boy were we in for a treat. Everything we ordered was really good- started with the most flavorful miso soup ever- and continued with shumai, an eggplant dish, these really good skewers of deep fried onions & squash, and my favorite dish of the night tuna mantaiko. The bartender was really friendly and made a mean sake cocktail. We'll definitely head there again.
Royal Sushi and Izakaya, without a doubt, lives up to the years of hype surrounding it. 

This place is nestled in a quiet neighborhood street with only the soft glow of single red lantern indicating it's presence. Very much a traditional Izakaya meets speakeasy vibe.

Once inside, although quite dark, your eyes can't help but jump around the intricate details- the dragon sconces, red seal ceilings, beautiful antique mirrors, long spacious bar with strategically placed sake jar candles. You can tell a lot of thought and care was put into every attribute of the space. 

The menu boasts an extensive list of sake offerings along with descriptors to help navigate even the most novice sake drinker. The food items are accompanied by a picture (again, very helpful and playfully reminiscent of a Chinese take-out restaurant). 

All of the food is outstanding, but what stands out as the epitome of umami are the Takoyaki octopus balls. These are a MUST try! The sushi and fish is melt-in-your-mouth fresh and each dish is small enough to be able to order multiple things and have fun sharing dim-sum style. 

I must admit- I walked into royal sushi and izakaya with the highest of expectations that I couldn't seem to stifle, no matter how hard I tried. I wanted to have an open mind and no bias, but the hoards of excitement and accolades continued to fuel my presumption of this place. I'm so glad to say that the ambiance, service and food is worthy of all the hype. Will be back (probably very often)!
Came here for the Full Omakase ($125 pp) and was not disappointed. The fish was mainly shipped from Japan and was the highest quality available, which definitely showed. The omakase was comparable to NYC sushi spots which are usually even more expensive. My only critique was that the chef provided 5 out of 18 fish that were in the same fish genre and tasted mainly the same with only subtle differences. Overall I had a very positive experience and will be back in another season to experience new fish.
I came here on a triple date with my friends on a Saturday night. It was extremely packed and hot inside the restaurant. The place itself was very dark (which i understand the ambiance of a dark lit restaurant) but, it was so dark to the point where I could not read my menu and had to be the person to whip out my phone flash light. 

We waited at least 45-50 minute for a table, and upon being seated, i was overwhelmed with how loud the place was. It was hot, congested, and extremely loud. It seemed like their was little to no AC when it was 96 degrees outside... but the place was packed like sardines in a can, so it was a little understandable.

In terms of the food, it was pretty good and didn't take too long to come out. We got an assortment of fish, and the fish melted in your mouth and tasted wonderful. The rolls were pretty basic rolls, so there's nothing too special about that. The only other thing that blew me from my chair was the octopus. It was a grilled octopus and it wasn't super chewy/slimy. It was perfectly cooked, with perfect grill marks. 

I wish that this place wasn't as darkly lit/loud, so i could enjoy it more. But, it's a place I would go to, to try the chef's selection.
Absolutely superb. Gus was a great server. The sushi was phenomenal. The drinks were great. I will recommend this place to anyone. Go go go go!!!!
I've been here for the omakase w/Jesse Ito as the chef and also in the dining room/bar.  Having sampled both dining options, omakase is definitely the better experience.

The omakase experience, in one word, awesome.  Watching Jesse work, his attention to detail and quality definitely comes through in the output.  He's interacts with all his customers and makes it a point to get to know everyone at the sushi bar.  That's a nice personal touch.  As far as the quality of the fish, all the items I tried were super fresh.  I had many favorites, including the scallop,  king salmon and UNI.  There are two options for omakase and I definitely vote for the higher end option.  

As far as seating, I was super lucky to get a seat after walking in and inquiring if there were any openings behind the curtain.  This was definitely not normal and reservations are definitely required.  I've walked in several other times and was disappointed for good reason.

The sushi and Japanese snack food in the outer dining/bar area was not as impressive.  There just wasn't anything that screamed extraordinary.  I've tried octopus tataki, hamachi collar, as well as the chirashi and rolls.  Again, I think if you make one visit, or heck all your visits to the back room, you'll be much more impressed.

Parking is a super hard.  Don't come here thinking that parking will be ok, it won't be.  The 5-6 times I've visited, only once did I get parking without having to drive around for at least 20+ mins.
This place just surprises me more and more. So good so flavorful. I can't speak highly enough. I bring all of my guests here
Was on a mini vacation from NY and dined here for dinner. The entire experience was amazing. It is first come first serve- no reservations so make sure to get there with plenty of time as you will likely have to get put on a waiting list. We went to a nearby bar while we waited and were called within the hour to be seated.

First off- the ambiance is so cool! It's like stepping into a speakeasy! Nice music playing, dimmed lights and dining by candlelight- very romantic! 

We had a lovely server who attended us very well... I have to say I was amazed with how quickly the food came out and with how friendly, helpful and accommodating she was.

We ordered the spicy pickles, bao duck bun, spicy tuna roll and the third sashimi item on the menu. We were very full and amazed with how fresh the raw fish was- hands down the most fresh, melt in your mouth sashimi I've ever had. For drinks, my husband ordered a large Sapporo and I had two glasses of Sauvignon Blanc- both were nice, cold and refreshing. 

Overall - if you are thinking of getting a nice dinner, don't look anywhere else, run to this restaurant, get your name down and get ready to have an amazing dining experience!
COVID Conscience for sure. Somehow, someone created this narrative that this was a premier spot for sushi. Umm, my napkin was a paper towel but my one piece of uni shashimi was 18$. Anyhow, the service was good. The fact that the lore of quality sushi was explained by our server, I was unimpressed. Was it the a fresh catch tuna? I mean they have a lot of money to make up since their Whole Foods location is closed. I was bummed. I paid 200$ for an around the world sushi experience, that was a big let down.
Everyone tells me I should yelp, but I eat out too much to do it regularly, but today I'll make an exception because I was absolutely impressed my dinner last night, and this place deserves recognition. 

Yesterday I experienced the only legitimate omakase in Philadelphia.  And as a California native who also travels often to Japan, it's been hard to find one in the 9 years I've lived here.  

The chef Jesse Ito masterfully curated this flight to be one with smooth transitions, peaking a few times with buri toro and otoro before ending on a rich note with the live scallop with truffle and gold. Each piece was perfect in their cuts and saucing, allowing me to savor and linger on the uniqueness of each fish, which includes an extensive list from Japan.  If I had the room, I would have gone for seconds of several of the highlights.  Needless to say, I was impressed and so was my equally critical food companion. I absolutely cannot wait to be back...Chef Ito, ごちそうさまでした.
Royal Sushi & Izakaya has a very discrete entrance, only a blue door and a Japanese lantern. When you enter, the space is very cool. It has high ceilings and beautiful decor, though is very dark. It was almost full so our group of 3 sat at the bar, then moved to a table shortly after one opened up. I think we would have been happy sitting at either, but it was nice they did this for us. The place was busy through the night, but tables and bar spots seemed to open up frequently.

Both the drink and food menu are quite large. For drinks, there is a wide selection of sake, sochu, regular beer, and Japanese beer. I am not super familiar with sake / sochu and the bartender was helpful and gave me a few samples of sochu to help me decide.

The food menu had tons on it, and plenty of pictures to help you decide. The food came out very quickly. Everything was tasty though some things stood out more than others! We got the following, and the ones with the stars were my faves: 

*** Tuna guac
*** Spinach goomae
Shrimp shumai
Agedashi tofu
*** Grilled salt broiled yellowtail
*** Grilled eggplant
*** Karaage chicken wings
Gingko nut skewer
*** Pork belly skewer
Fries with Japanese aoli
Spicy crunchy tuna roll

Lastly, I would say this place is on the expensive side for dinner. $30+ for food only if you want to feel full. It would be nice to come here for a drink and a few snacks though, as the bar is pretty nice.
I love the interior of this place, when you first enter the door, it looks straight like a bar with chill atmosphere and dark lights. If you go past the bar area, there's more seatings in the back with lights and windows on ceiling. 

I searched for a table for 5 at around 5pm in this area, and like 4 previous restaurants told me I had to wait 2-3 hours without a reservation, which sounds crazy.. but this place saved us with friendly service! 

The food was good too, Their katsu was amazing!! I wish portion was bigger, I felt it was little pricey for the amount we got.
It is hard to describe just how delicious and thoughtful the food at Royal Sushi & Izakaya is. My boyfriend and I love coming here on date night. The ambiance is casual and fun (they literally have anime constantly projecting on the wall), but the food is so delicate, delicious, and beautiful. The sushi and cooked food really rival each other too. It would be hard for me to tell you which you should get if you were trying to decide, but luckily you don't have to. Every single dish is a small, shareable plate. I cannot recommend this place enough. Plus, they always have a sake on draft and a huge selection of Japanese liquor!
NOTE: they do not have omakase/ nigiri on Sunday or Monday and you need to make reservation for Omakase. I came in here for omakase only to find out that it was not available. 

Parking is hard to find in this area, and I didn't feel very safe walking in the area at night either; I ended up parking three blocks away and walked there in the dark by my self. I really wished they had valet parking.

Service: the service was good and attentive. The server stopped by frequently to check on me and fill my water glass. 

Ambience: ok, I know that are going for the cool, dark, cavy vibe, but I had trouble reading the menu because of how dark the place was and the menu was black!! It was very hard to read and I either had to maneuver my position or hold a candle to read the menu. 

Food: I order the Takoyaki, the chasu buns, the agedashi tofu, and the deluxe sashimi set. 

Takoyaki: It came out hot and fresh. Takoyaki was good and as expected. 

Chasu Buns: they were also good. The pork belly was cooked to perfection - melt in your mouth. I enjoyed them a lot. 

Agedashi Tofu: I was expecting a single block of tofu but it came out to be multiple slices of tofu. Deep fried tofu in Sashi broth. It was ok. I hold a high standard for tofu, especially when it is a dish that features tofu. You cannot use the $1 tofu to make this dish. Because of the lack of seasoning nature of agedashi tofu, good quality tofu is the key. I couldn't bring myself to finish this dish. 

Deluxe sashimi: My server told me this would give me a taste of the omakase menu, and if that's true, I'm glad that Omakase wasn't available that day. The quality of the fish was not good. Most fish served were not in season so they were not as fatty as I would like. I found myself ended up just swallowing (like, hold-my-breath-then-swallow kind of swallowing) instead of actually tasting the sashimi. The sea bream was very fishy, in a bad way. 

Although I enjoyed the chasu buns, there were more food that I did not enjoy. I don't think I would come back again.
Late update:

The fiance and I had the full omakase (18 pieces for $125) a few weeks ago in February and it was delightful! It's a cozy space and Jesse, although busy throughout service, was very friendly and chatted with us every now and then. Quality of the fish was excellent, many of them flown in from Japan, and there was one fish from our meal that made a long flight (although arguably shorter than a flight from Japan? :P) in from Turkey. Pricing is definitely on the high end for Philadelphia (it's comparable to some NYC places with similar quality) but I don't think it's overcharging, based on the # and quality of their sashimi. We're looking forward to coming back but likely will opt for the half omakase (10 pieces for $65) as it's the more economic way to go, as you can still order additional a la carte items at the end, i.e. otoro, uni, etc., to satisfy all your cravings. Oh, and try the special Tired Hands brew made for the restaurant if it's still available, it was delicious!

The only suggestion: I would have loved to have Ebi (shrimp) as an item on the omakase, although I wonder if it was only unavailable the night of our visit?
Went for our anniversary. Did the full omakase. Sushi was really good. Although the chef didn't get our last order request but we were stuffed at that point so no worries. Not bad for Philly.
The food is great the vibe is funky , with an old Irish pub feel bar to the anime playing on the brick wall. Food was excellent "small" dishes available so you can be adventurous and try something new, try two. Waite staff is knowledgeable and friendly and will help you decide what to order , I tried one of the kitchen specials and it delivered, it was special.
My biggest complaint.... the tables need to be bigger for more food at arms reach
better than Double Knot. Can't wait till the sushi bar officially opens to get down on some Omakase
It's still fall but this place has already become my winter fav for a warm and cozy night out.  Come on a Sunday if you don't want to wait.
Really late in getting this review up as dined here right around Labor Day.

Had done research trying to figure out where to go for our long weekend trip to Philly as this was our 1 splurge outing.  Seating is extremely limited, and it took me a little while to figure out when they release the seats online.  When the window came to make the reservation was able to get the date/time we needed so everything worked out on that front.

Royal Sushi is an Edomae-style sushi place, the only choices are available after chef gets thru the set menu.  This was some of the best sushi I ever had, with the pike mackerel changing my wife's view on mackerel to the positive for ever!
Been here several times for the omakase in the back and a few times for the food and drinks at the bar. Overall the omakase experience is 5 stars and the food and drinks up front are 4. 

This review is for the take out nigiri experience during covid. I needed to get my sushi craving properly taken care of and when I saw one of the nigiri platters finally available during a time I could pick up I just had to grab it.

Shared the nigiri platter, 2 negi toro rolls, and a guac roll. This was enough to feed 4 people and came with plenty of wasabi and ginger. Pickup was done exactly at the time scheduled in toasttab.

The presentation for the nigiri platter was beautiful. The nigiri had the right amount of rice so that you can eat each piece and not be stuffed. The brush for the shoyu was a nice touch and made it feel almost like the omakase experience brought home. 

The negi toro rolls were stuffed to the edges with just a thin layer of rice. Normally toro is one of my favorites but these rolls were dripping in oil and the container had a visible layer of oil at the end as well. 

The guac roll was just okay not amazing or bad.
Stopped at this place for dinner with some friends since we were visiting from Florida. We had a party of 4 and when we got there they told us it was 45min to an hour wait. We put down our name and number and went nearby for a drink while we waited. Over an hour passed and we never heard from them. We even tried to call multiple times to check on our table. Finally we went back and the manager was so rude to us. He acted like he hadn't seen us earlier, and never took down our name or number even though we saw him write it down. When we asked about a table he refused to give us the available table even though I already sat down at it. He forced us to sit at the bar. Not only was he rude and unprofessional he never owned up to his mistake of forgetting about us and acted like we were crazy. The food wasn't even that good and I am so sorry I gave them any of my money. Horrible.
THIS PLACE IS WHAT PHILLY NEEDS.
Since my first time here, I've literally had dreams of me eating sushi, with the setting at Royal Sushi & Izakaya. Just waiting for the right occasion and reason to go back bc I feel unworthy eating such amazing fish. 

Hands down, the best. Venture out there and taste for yourself. Sushi game changer for this town.
Came here for dinner. Tried to get the omkase initially but they limit it to 10 people and with reservations so we ended up with regular dinner menu. Order a bunch of stuff:

Live umi from Maine: Not exactly sure how live this was lol. Had some sort of tangy taste. Was not my favorite.
Umi for Hokkaido:totally different flavor. Umi melts in your mouth and to me tasted like avocados. Comes with ponzu sauce
Toro tuna roll: Tuna was yummy but doesn't come close to other Toro I had
Sashimi deluxe: various chef selection. Quality varied from fishy to excellent. Highlight was king salmon
King salmon: had to order it again. Was not as big slice as from sashimi plate surprisingly 
Short rib: tasty meat with a small bone. Comes with lots of sauce. A bit chewy and if unlucky can get a piece with too much fat.
Karage: More wings than karage. Was fried and very tasty! Not spicy!

Drinks: pretty big sake menu. We tried a couple of different ones but don't recall names lol.

Overall some really tasty items and some mediocre. Felt can be a bit pricey for quality tho.
My friend and I have been dying to try this place for a while. Seating is first come, first serve, but it was quite easy to get a spot on a Thursday evening. The dining area is cozy, so be prepared to be up against your neighbors. To start, we ordered the tako yaki and my friend ordered a Rose cocktail. The tako yaki was crisp on the outside and full of flavorful batter and perfectly cooked octopus on the inside. This was our favorite dish out of everything we ordered. As for the rest...

Grilled Combo A - the grilled liver, heart, gizzard and chicken meat combo was juicy and tender, but the flavoring was nothing to rave about.

Agedashi Tofu - The tofu used was not silken tofu like I am accustomed to, and I compared this to Sagami's agedashi tofu. This paled in comparison. 

Grilled squid - The squid was perfectly cooked, but lacked flavor and originality. 

Chirashi Bowl - The fish was fresh, but the tamago (egg) was quite salty. 

Salmon sashimi - The fish quality was outstanding and had a buttery texture. 

I know that folks tend to rave about their omakase, so I may still give that a try. But I'm probably going to skip the Izakaya from now on.
I haven't been since before covid but I've been meaning to write a review about this place. My friends and I would go here all the time before the pandemic and it's such a great place with amazing vibes. The staff/service everytime is great. The food is amazing and reasonably priced. My favorites are the beef tataki, industry chirashi and on a chilly day (if available) the spicy beef udon soup with the house warm sake. So delicious
I have been drooling over Royal Sushi and Izakaya's Instagram posts for a while. I would see the Japanese-imported fish, the live softshell crabs, the tuna etc etc and I have been planning to visit for a while. Only thing holding me back was that you cant put a reservation, you simply have to show up and see what's available.

This restaurant did not disappoint. The place was full and vibrant on a Saturday night and we only had to wait for 15mins before we were seated. Concerning drinks, I decided not to go with their Sake, and I went for their Japanese-influenced cocktails instead. My Okinawan rum cocktail was very-well balanced and very tasty.

We then proceed to try an assortment of different dishes and flavors. Our  hot pickles showed up first and they were crunchy and tasty, the slow braised pork belly came up next, and the bun was fluffy and the pork belly tender and complex. The kewpie mayo made a difference here, adding playful notes to the palate. The Japanese eggplant was another plate we loved

Of great interest was the hanger steak that I have actually read about in one of the Philly Inquirer's articles on some of the best steaks in Philadelphia. The steak is marinated for hours before served and you can taste this japanese-inspired flavor profile.

Our menu then proceed with the sushi part of the menu: Two rolls of sushi and the Chirashi bowl. The shrimp tempura roll had one of the best tempuras I have ever tried, and the soft-shell crab was very interesting as well.

The Chirashi bowl was so fresh you could smell the sea in every bite. An assortment of fatty tuna and lean tuna, king salmon, japanese mackerel, California uni and salmon roe, the Chirasi has an amazing value considering how tasty and fresh the fish is.

We concluded our meal with the black sesame panna cotta  with the black sesame adding a compelling saltiness and complexity to this dish.

I would surely go again and again to try other elements of their menu.
I love this place and have been here easily over 20 times since it has opened. Usually one of my later stops of the night as it is easier to get a barstool. Bartenders are lovely and attentive. Super helpful with sake and the drinks I am unfamiliar with. 

I love how they serve the sake, they over pour it in a little glass in a little square box which traditionally symbolizes generosity and welcoming. There is a broad selection of other liquors as well and a pretty decent wine list. 

The atmosphere is dark and loud. They play awesome music with anime playing on the wall. Perfect for a cool first date. 

As far as the food goes I've had plenty. My go to's include ton toro, the skewers, a few of the sushi dishes, the wings, and the grilled squid. Everything is fabulous! I need to really get that industry chirashi bowl sometime, I heard it is an amazing deal with the "scraps" of the best sushi in town. 

I waited a while for this to open and couldn't be happier it is an awesome neighborhood spot. Next up is to score a reservation for the omasake before 10PM!!
We had an exceptional experience this evening. My wife and I took our daughter out for her 30th birthday. The food was fresh, and all of the recommendations from our server, Diana, were spot on. 

I would HIGHLY recommend this restaurant to anyone visiting Queen Village. Try to get a table in the back-- softer noise level. 

P.s. the 'Hidden Man Mountain Saki' is a hidden gem!
OMG. Some of the best sushi I have EVER had. My husband and I were visiting PA and I Yelped a few places and ended up coming here. It's totally hidden - we're from Los Angeles so when our Uber driver told us we were there, we had to figure out where to go. This was probably the best meal I had out there. The fish was fresh, nothing was over-sauced and the service was wonderful. I wish they had one of these in Los Angeles!
Holy skewers!! Give me more!!  This place may be tiny, but they certainly don't lack in delivering quality food and in great variety! Sake lovers can also rejoice because they literally have a sake bible--I've never seen so many different kinds of rice wines in one place! 

Hubby and I decided to have a date night on a recent Friday and I really wanted to try out this place. We didn't make a reservation and they were really crowded but surprisingly we waited only 15-20 mins for a table. It took me nearly that long at the bar to just figure out what I wanted to drink. I'm not big on sake and the bartender was nice enough to let me sample some but I ended up with one of their Japanese beers instead--the yuzu garden beer is very light, citrusy and refreshing; I highly recommend. 

Once at our table, I couldn't help but order a million things to try; I mean everything sounded all delicious, how's a girl supposed to choose?? Here's a quick run down (not the official names from the menu because I can't remember): 

Clam Miso Soup - flavorful and full of little neck clams but it got a little too salt for me

Spicy Crunchy Tuna Roll - because I have to order spicy tuna everywhere I go. Their's is fantastic and the "crunchy" is not overpowering.

Grilled Squid - so tender and great char flavor 
 
Pork Jowl - not my favorite although I really wanted to try it...it was a little too gamey/porky tasting for my liking. The texture was also not what I expected--somewhere between eating a piece of pork fat and chewing a hard piece of chicken gizzard 

Skewers - I ordered the chicken gizzard, bacon asparagus, bacon scallop and pork belly - all were so good! Some of the best skewers I've eaten!

Agedashi Tofu - a surprisingly large portion and very delicious. Again, one of the best agedashi tofus I've ever eaten. 

Fried skewers mix - a dish of fried veggie skewers that were coated in panko; these were ok but the pumpkin was hands down the best.

The portions were very filling and we ate until I couldn't breathe but it was delicious and well worth the "suffering." The service was quick but never pushy; everyone was very courteous and helpful. The ambiance was nice, albeit a little dark (hence I couldn't take good food photos, unless I wanted to blind everyone with my flash), but it has a cool Japanese bar feel with lots of energy.  We really enjoyed our meal and I can't wait to come back to try everything else on their menu...and to get more skewers!!!
Tried this place on a Tuesday night and we were able to get seated pretty quickly as a party of two. We'd heard good things through word of mouth and when we were living in San Francisco had frequented some amazing neighborhood izakayas.

We tried about 8 dishes - a few were decent. The spinach dish was light and refreshing, and the shishito peppers were cooked very nicely. The chicken wings were well seasoned and the pork belly buns were enjoyable. The speakeasy-feel added to the ambience and the bar could certainly be a great place for a casual drink. 

But several of the dishes were thoroughly unappetizing. The squid was chewy and overcooked. A couple skewers of "Wagyu" beef and pork belly were so sinewy that I had to swallow the meat after unsuccessfully trying to chew it for a few minutes (the alternative would have been to spit it out). For $3 a piece, you'd imagine better quality, and there's nothing less palatable than poor quality meat. The absolutely worst dish we tried was the eggplant dish which was supposed to be lightly "glazed" with sesame but instead came with a full centimeter layer of caked sticky sweet sesame paste. We had to scrape off the paste in order to eat the dish. 

This was a thoroughly disappointing meal, especially given the expectation of quality and the accompanying prices. There are plenty of restaurants that serve better food in this city.
Honestly the best sushi I have had outside of Japan. The omakase is pricey but worth every penny.  The Izakaya part is quite beautiful and the food incredible.  One of my favorite spots in all of Philadelphia.
The BEST quality sushi in the city hands down! The Izakaya part in the front is a super hip, fun vibe with a very large menu selection, enough to please most dietary restrictions and does not require reservation. The food in the front is great too but the Omakase in the back with Chef Jesse is really where the MAGIC happens. If I were to chose a last meal on Earth this would for sure be it. The sushi quality is outstanding, melts in your mouth. As someone who loves sushi but typically keeps it basic with salmon, tuna and yellowtail pieces ... here I eat anything and everything Jesse places in front of my salivating face and savor each &every bit. I wish we could come here on a more frequent basis but due to the high price point ($130) it is simply dedicated to special occasions. Counting down the days until the next birthday/anniversary/promotion!
Oh bells were a ringing when I took my first bite of my maki. The roll was perfectly rolled where just enough pressure for the roll to roll but not enough pressure to break the pebbles of rice. Spaces between perfect and just a gasm in my mouth. yes... a gasm. A Food gasm.. Sushi Gasm.  I cannot wait to try the omakase. 

A friend and I ordered the lotus chips, tuna guacamole, tako yaki, grilled squid, grilled shishito peppers, kaki fry, pork belly baos and ....a spicy tuna crunchy roll, and a pitcher of Ichiban. The sake list was way intimidating for me. Sat at the bar and met a film man from LA, and a another man who was vegan and probably thought it was weird for me to invite them both to our Philly Foodies group. lol  Just a place to talk about food and go out to eat together..  Anyways, I love Royal Izakaya! Coming back on an omakase date for sure!!! You are missing out if you do not try this place.  Gasm town!
Ever since I was recommended this place by my roommate, I've been excited to try it. I stalked the website for a week and got a reservation for the full omakase with a friend. 

Overall, I would say the omakase is expensive but worth it mostly for the freshness of the seafood served. Each piece is made in front of you by the sushi chef and it is indeed mesmerizing to see their skill. The rice is tight and each slice of fish melts in your mouth. The skill is definitely evidenced by the quality of each piece they place in front of you. 

It also seems like the menu is update everyday as they print a new menu each day. In the eighteen pieces I was served we went through all the different types of seafood from the oyster in the beginning, different types of seabream, yellowtail, amberjack, salmon, mackerel, bluefin tuna, and uni. 

I won't say that it was absolutely mind blowing mostly because to me it was kinda of underwhelming. I ordered an extra piece at the end of tamago because to me a little sweetness at the end is a full circle. 

If you have the $130 for a special occasion, then definitely try it out for the experience. Otherwise I would probably say it's a once and done kinda of thing. Next time, I'll try out the bar plates and the extensive sake selection.
Was not worth all the hype. The reviews is what brought us in, the food is what brought us out. Too expensive for the quality of food. Ordered the sausage, it turned out to be seared soy glazed hot dog. Tasted like hot dogs you get from a package.
I don't know how this place got so many 4 and 5 stars - maybe the back eating area is memorable, but the front area is a bar with mediocre food.  It was so dark we couldn't  read the menus- everyone had their phone lights on to do so.  Our waitress was forgetful.  Perhaps we ordered wrong or it was on off night!  I can't imagine the  $125 pp tasting menu worth it coming out of the same kitchen.  It was booked full so we will never know.
Great food. It fills up quickly on a weekend evening.

The sushi is extremely fresh - the salmon nice and fatty. The seaweed salads are well priced and add to the meal. The place has a bar atmosphere and nice draft beer selection. Not at all your typical Japanese restaurant.

Highly recommended. 

Have been here many times now including the Omakase. Consistently impressed.
Service: 5
Four of us arrived around 8pm this past Saturday night. There isn't a host so we headed directly back and "checked in" with a waitress at the prep station. All tables and bars tools were occupied but they sat us by the time the bartender had provided us our first round. Once seated, the group of waiters that served us were great. We never waited for a new round to arrive and the dishes came out very quickly.

Food: 4
I've been to Japan twice and generally know what to expect in an Izakaya. They've done a great job of mixing tradition with local/regional proteins. We ordered probably 12-15 dishes. All came out at appropriate temps. 

Spirits: 5
I had two rounds of their Bushido draft sake. Looking forward to delving more into their extensive menu. My wife and friends stuck to regional beers. 

Ambience: 4
Similar styling to other Royal establishments; dark with vintage lighting. Anime playing on the front wall. Note: the bathroom door has a handle only for show, you need to push the handle.

At some point you'll need to wait for a table here. Be sure to check it out in its infancy before that happens!
We really have a treasure only a few blocks from the house, great bar and even better food.  Seems like a lot of thought went into this place and it hits the nail on the head.

Not a whole lot of space so be conscious of when you go, but they have a strong Whiskey collection and a pretty robust menu.  We haven't done the omakase yet but will as soon as we can!!
