FUBLE Diaries: Episode 4 

* Just a brief disclaimer, to say that while I am not currently employed there (and it wasn't this location) I worked for Ruby Tuesdays for years. You are welcome to keep this in mind , when you read this..."review" 

Our damp day in Philly was behind us and after a rough few days for Jason, of travelling and hard living, he was ready to crash. Aside from the Arthritic condition, he also has a bum kidney, which takes alot out of him. Not wanting to impose on my family while he was sick (although I offered) , Jason preferred to get a room so he could rest up for the Main Event of the Eagles Game the next day. 

I figured the best bet, was to get a place near the airport, although with game 3 of the World Series set to begin that night, and a bunch of Yankees fans needing to rest their inflated heads, I wasn't optimistic. However, after utilizing an iphone ( There's an app for that!) he was able to get a pretty sweet room, for a decent price. 

The 2 other guys and myself, decided to pregame at Ruby Tuesdays, located in the same lot, to make a plan for the evening. Having worked there for years, i wasn't excited to be back in a Ruby Tuesdays. Nothing personal, I actually think their food is better than average (*wink @ DJ) but I think anyone who has left a place of employment can understand. 

Not to matter, we wouldn't be there for long...or would we. I tried to take notes on how these Alaskans operate. These guys walk into any place and after only a few minutes...own it! They are, however, armed with one of the best icebreakers Ive ever seen, " We're from Alaska." Its amazing how this gets peoples immediate interest. I'm thinking of having a fake McLovin ID made up, only with Alaska. 

This was how it went down on this particular evening. Dean, Mike and I sat at one end of the bar, and noticed a lovely blue haired Golden Girl, sitting at the other end. Without a word, Mike got up and began talking to the woman, who laughed, pointed at us and smiled. When Mike came back, I asked what he said . " I told her Dean was coming over to buy her a drink". It was then that we looked over, to see Betty White waving at us! 

Not wanting to disappoint, Dean walked over and bought her a Native Alaskan shot, The Duck Fart, which is a delicious combination of Kahlua, Baileys and Crown Royal. She loved it, and the flood gates opened. Turns out that entire side of the bar was her family, sons daughters, uncles, brothers, etc. These guys had befriended an entire clan, in about 2 minutes. What followed involved much laughter, back slapping, shots bought and good times. 

I distinctly remember that Dean was behind the bar making shots at one point. If you've ever worked at a corporate restraunt chain, you'll understand how rare a sight that is. These guys were not only allowed to do this, but were encouraged by the Managers with much fanfare. They became such good friends with the Management at Ruby Tuesday that if I ever need to get a job at RT again, I'm going to go through the Alaskans. 

So our pregame , became the Game itself. We ended up watching the entire World Series game there, and I'm afraid to know what they dropped there that night. I guess that one of the side effects of bar popularity that I cant afford. When all was said and done with this trip, we all agreed that that night at Ruby Tuesday's, was one of the highlights. Whod'a thunk?
One star is perfectly fine for this place and it seems that way from the other reviews.

Starving, no places really around the area and it was close.  That's the ONLY reason we went here.  

Two white people at a table got two biscuits.  But the black couple at a table of two got 8 biscuits.  

Service is poor.  Speed is poor. Quality is poor.

Ordered food, came out overdone.  Burger well instead of medium.  They actually brought the wrong food the first TWO times!  Then once they found the right food, the delivered and no other stop bys till the check.

No refills.  No clearing.  No nothing.

Incredibly sad.
I don't make a habit of writing reviews like this, but I hope the management of Ruby Tuesdays reads this and tries to make some changes. Maybe because they have a captive audience by the airport and there are no other choices, but this restaurant isn't even trying to be good. Let's start with the staff - rude.  The host basically said good luck if you can find a seat. The manager lady, not nice at all. The waitress, sweet but aloof. What a weird experience. 

The food?  Not good. I had to send back my queso. Pre-manufactured cheese sauce that had sat all day in a warmer with stale chips. Totally disgusting and inedible. Really?

"Crispy" boneless wings that were soggy and gross. And, to top it off, weak drinks.  Wow. Where I'm from, we call this a hot mess. I hope I never come back here again.
I actually didn't know that Ruby Tuesday was still open.... I haven't been to one in years and I was reminded again at dinner last night. I was with a colleague at the hotel across the parking lot and we just needed something quick. 

We were happy to see a salad bar but that's about where it ended. 

The super fruit sangria was described by our server as "sangria with lots of fruit in it"... Really? That's all you got? I ordered it as it was tasty - definitely blackberry glaciers and it was good but the server was so unconvincing. 

My guest is a vegan and she was able to find a veggie platter to meet her needs. I had the bourbon salmon. Both were fine - nothing remarkable but it didn't leave me wanting more. 

Service was adequate. Food sub par overall. The one notable item was my seat faced the kitchen and I could clearly see the line cooks working. The guys weren't wearing hair nets AND they had facial hair without any protection... Yikes! To top it off, I saw who I presume to be a line cook eating pizza     Now I haven't worked in a restaurant in about 10 years but there is no way rules have changed that much!! They should not be eating in the same place they are preparing food! Just so unappetizing to me. 

Thankfully I was just passing through and really won't become a regular. Try to go somewhere else if you can.
Stayed in a hotel on the other side of the restaurant, usually a restaurant near an airport, dicey at best, but not this chain.  Sad to say we don't have a Ruby Tuesday's in Houston, yet.  Service was kind, slow, not ADD like Texas restaurants.  Menu was exceptional, not 5 star but tasty, clean environment, adequate servings, yummy soup on a cold night.  Found my way back here on my return flight, same scenario, consistently pleased.

Priced right, easy access.  Sad to say had to click my heels, no ToTo we are not in  Ruby Tuesday's anymore.
Food was ok and by ok I mean I ate it, but it's a Ruby Tuesdays what would you expect. The service was bad and I was in the service business years ago. I ordered steak and and salad and got my dinner before my salad. The waitress says we serve it with the meal. In what civilized country is a salad served with a meal. That's rethorical I'm sure there are some. Now I'm half way thru and I order another double bourbon and the bartender proceeds to ask 3 other people if they wand another crappy beer or boxed wine YES I SAID BOXED WINE. BLACK BOX to be specific then comes back and asks if I want anything. I'm like yea my drink!  Problem is this place is in between 2 hotels at the Philly airport and no one prob eats here more than twice.
It's not as if I was expecting fine cuisine - just trying to find something edible while stuck overnight after a cancelled flight - but this place must be among the worst restaurants I've ever visited. First they got my order wrong (how hard is it to remember I don't want chicken on my quesadilla?), then they brought me something covered with old, brown avocado. If you don't have fresh avocado, people, save me the trouble of having to scrape it off. Also, the salsa was from a jar. 'Nuff said.
Chicken sandwich had the consistency of rubber. The service was good and the beer nice and cold but the food quality was horrible. Only ate here because it was within walking distance to the hotel. Won't be back and will find an Uber to get to better quality food.
Came in this week since it was conveniently located next to my hotel. Can't say I remember the last time I was at a Ruby Tuesday. It's been awhile. When I came in I was pretty hungry since not eating all day. When I came in, place was sparsely filled and the host seemed so disinterested that I was there I had to ask if they were still open. She mumbled yes and sat me down. My waiter came and was casually dressed in a hoodie sweatshirt. He was nice and attentive. I decided on getting the garlic sticks. These were the highlight of the meal. Hot, soft, tasted fresh with the normal dipping sauces. For the entree I got the jalopeno burger. Let's say even though that it did come in a timely manner, it was a underwhelming experience. Food temp of the burger was incorrect, burger was overcooked and dry. The French fries were ice cold. To the restaurant credit, I did not inform them just because I was tired and wanted to eat and get back to the hotel. Who appeared to be a manager was dressed in some old blue jeans and a shirt. This place is run down, staff look not happy, and the food is nothing to write home about. If you are just coming in for appetizers, that would be the best option.
I would give minus if I could.  Sat additional 10 minutes zero wait staff.  Asked greeter to find a server - 5 minutes still no one.  I left after wasting 15 minutes of my life.  Restaurant bathroom smells and dirty.  A terrible experience and they acted like they didn't care.
I am in here at least 2-3 times a month during the summer for work and last night I was in, I always sit at the bar, the two ladies working seemed to be more interested in their phone and doing a quiz with each other than waiting on their customers! I sat down and it took 10 mins before I was asked if I wanted a drink, the same was with the rest of the patrons. I ordered an app and when I wanted another glass of wine I had to wave one of the bar person for another glass ( 8.99 )I ordered a burger to go, while I was finishing my wine after getting my to go salad I noticed a TOGO bag sitting on the beer cooler, I asked the slim girl with reddish hair if that was my Togo order, which sat there for at least 10 mins, and she said" I did not know you ordered something to go"! Really? By the time I got back to my hotel , Hampton Inn, my food was ice cold and I asked the burger be Medium and it was well done! 
I will go back but if those 2 are working I will know what to expect!
Mike and the Asian guy are Great!
Been to this chain about 3 x's while visiting my pop in Philly and I have to say this one is my least favorite location.  

My food came out cold on 2 occasions which should just never happen.  Also, the employees don't do enough to keep the salad bar in order.  Kids and Adults constantly handle the bar as if its a mad scramble to get the last bit of food so it's constantly in a disarray which I get.  But, knowing this,  you'd think the employees would do a better job of keeping it more attractive looking.  Trust me, this place is not all that.
Very slow service! Food was good once it got there. Place seems busy but with such poor service i doubt many are repeat visitors. I however fell into the repeat trap. Its really the only option close to several hotels. The second visit was exactly like the first. Staff arguing and slow service. Food and drinks were good when they arrived however. If your hungry and have time (LOTS OF IT) it will work.
Late night dinner at the bar- service was fast, and the food was decent. This is the only restaurant on a mini hotel row, so basically everyone in there is a business traveler- crowded bar, not so much on the tables. 

I had the Bourbon Salmon with rice and broccoli, which was pretty good and hit the spot. The house wine was a little pricey ($15/glass), but the wine was good and the pour was generous. 

If you're staying next door, this is a good easy option for some chow.
Food was very good and timely, worth the stop!  But this review was really prompted by the terrific service I received. I travel a lot for business and I have to say that the waiter, Lamont, was in his game!  Great attitude, great service and a terrific disposition and work ethic.  Being in the service industry I have to acknowledge great service.  Great job Lamont!
Service was a joke. Worst experience ever at a Ruby Tuesdays in 35 plus years of going to them.
I can see what the other reviews are talking - this restaurant has some setup and execution issues.  Got a meal at the bar - the bar staff was friendly but always were asking about food and having to leave to go get it.  What about helping each out and bring the food out.  They left a side off of my dinner.  Food tasted okay.  But it was close and convenient - so good enough.
This was the worst dining experience I've had in a long, long time - maybe ever. From the service to the food, there was little to be happy about. 

We had a party of 4 and arrived about 15 minutes ahead of a Duke sports team and ordered just as they arrived. When we saw them arrive, we said whew, good thing we got our order in ahead of them! Well, apparently not. After AN HOUR of not getting anything to eat, our server told us our order was bumped back behind them. Why? No answer. 

But wait, it gets worse! We ordered salads and and an appetizer. They felt that salads should be served with the entree so we didn't see them until the entrees finally came over an hour later. But before that, we noticed that our appetizer was actually sitting on the table behind us, and had been sitting there for at least 15 minutes. A server came by with the plate and looked around in confusion and then put the plate on a table behind us littered with used plates, glasses, and silverware from the party that had just left. We didn't know this was actually our appetizer at the time. We suspected it might be at the 1 hour mark when, that table was bussed clean, but the appetizer plate REMAINED on the table! At that point it caught our eye and we thought it looked like what we had ordered. We pointed that out to our server once we finally found her after a lengthy absence, and sure enough, our suspicions were confirmed! WHY WOULD PEOPLE DO THIS? 

By this time, we THOUGHT our meal would be coming out shortly so we told them we would skip the appetizer. We should have had it, because the meal took another 15-20 minutes to arrive! When it did, some of the dishes were cold and dried out from sitting and had to be sent back. To her credit, the Manager didn't charge for the appetizer and salads and offered free desserts (which we declined - who knew how long they would take?). 

In summary, the waitstaff and kitchen failed miserably and did not appear to be even close to the sharpest knives in the restaurant that night. I'm not a fan of chain restaurants, and this experience just confirmed why I try to avoid them, and will certainly never go back to this one.
Ruby's a bit overwhelmed by Penn Relays crowd.  Not bad with the food.  A hostess who was so calm she took a full 5 minutes to face and space about twenty menus at her podium before taking our names.  Should have walked but had no inkling of our Marriott Courtyard's Bistro....limited choice but zero frustration.  No real restaurant choice nearby.
I had a party of 6 and we entered at 6:20pm. I was told a 30 minute wait.  Ok... that's not bad for a Saturday and considering this is probably the only restaurant in proximity to a lot of hotels, I didn't mind.    I noticed two 4 top tables leave and cleared off and just left sitting without another party being seated.  These tables sat for about 15 minutes.   So after waiting for 40 minutes, we decided to ask if they could split our party in to two tables and lo and behold, they gave us the two 4 tops.   The waitress was very nice.  However, service was pitifully slow.  I ordered a simple salad bar and soup.  The pasta salad from the salad bar was overly salty and the potato salad was runny.  The soup was broccoli and cheese and salty as well and I only ate half.   It took a while for our waitress to clear our table and bring us our check.  We paid our bill and waited quite a while for change to be returned.   

More than anything else, it is poor management and training that is causing such delays for patrons to be seated.  Food quality, well... it's been going down hill over the years.
Let's say, it's close to the hotel. I ordered a ny strip medium with the baked mac n cheese and some sweet potato fries. The steak was more cooked on one side than the other and served on a plate with grease bubbles floating in some thin brown liquid. It looked disgusting. Check the picture out. The mac an cheese was mostly some indescribable kind of yellow cheese with in melted cheese on top of it. The bottom was wam and the cheese on top was not even melted. The only good thing on the plate was the sweet potato fries, yet sadly they were swimming in the brown liquid with grease bubbles in it (see pictures) avoid this place if you like good food. The staff was friendly enough and the manager took the inedible meal off my tab. The food should have been okay if served to a dog. I feel bad for the cow that had to give its life up only to be destroyed by an unknowledgeable cook.
I gotta say, the food was not great at all! Got the chicken fresco (or something like that), if you're expecting anything like the picture in the menu, you'll be sadly mistaken! Can you say false advertising? Let just say I'm glad I'm just passing by... I give it two stars cause the beet was cold.
This was the only restaurant close by and after reading the reviews I was nervous of eating here. Service was great and very quick even though they were busy, drinks great and food was pretty good. I was very pleased and glad I went in.
I live down the street, this place is very convenient for me but thats about it. Nothing special or great about it. Food is just okay. And to be honest, its not just this ruby tuesday.. ive been to a couple and it seems to be the same case for all of them. Just not happy with their menu, it kinda stinks.
Horrible, avoid unless you are stuck in the area!! Disgusting chicken sandwich made me feel sick to my stomach. Service is exceptionally slow....just keep driving!
Food is really good but service was extremely dry. Didn't fill welcomed there was no conversation whatsoever, never offered refills, drinks were warm, never got napkins and worst part his performance was terrible! He even took forever to checkout, I had to ask for him! This is why gratuity should never exist! I don't follow gratuity at all if the service is extremely terrible!
Not much I can add about a chain of this magnitude except that its presence in this business park provides Hampton Inn and probably most of the other adjacent hotels the only hot meal option for clientele that are choosing to hoof it.  I only visited at all because the Philly shuttle took all day to reach PIA and a lot of businesses were closed already once I rented a car.  Hampton customers get gated parking so there's a convenient door in the fence just for them to reach the restaurant during business hours.  

Over the top theme-ridden chains like Cheesecake Factory, TGI Friday and this one keep me at bay because of their gutsy attitude that allows them to pack each item with enough calories to get me to the top of Mt. Rainier.  New health standards force them to post the calorie count on the menu, too, if you don't believe me.  Fortunately, popular demand brings "fit and trim" entrees like Chicken Bella and what I ordered, Chicken Fresca.  The sanity test I took in using Super Trans to get to PHL required a couple of glasses of red wine, too!  With two sides of fresh broccoli (unseasoned with butter or oil!  amazing!) and a tender, moist chicken breast half covered with 3 slices of tomato and a light dose of Parmesan sauce you have a very decent and perfectly portioned dinner.  It'll set you back $13 and there will be no leftovers, but the Hampton doesn't offer refrigerators anyway.  It's clean in there and the wait staff are professional.  In a pinch with a pinch of self control, there are worse options than the Ruby Tuesday at the airport interplex.
If you only had a minus star this place would had got one from me. We had to wait an hour for our meal and they brought my wife the wrong meal twice. How do you do that? One thing for sure I'll never be back
Service, service, service or lack there of. Service is pathetic here. Someone needs to remind these folks that they are in the business of serving people. Typically, the level of service is a direct reflection of the strength of the management. This place fails at every level. Trapped travelers with few options is the only reason they will stay in business.
Read the reviews about service and went anyway.  Very busy place but service was good.  Food was serviceable.. Steak not cooked properly but it's not Ruth's chris so the overall was fine and fit the bill. Salad bar clean and fresh .. Overall it achieved the goal for this weary traveler
This is pretty much the only restaurant in a row of hotels near the airport, so it's the only deal in town. I attended a yearly conference this past weekend, and we called this Ruby Tuesday to ask if we could have a reservation for 12 people. They said if we were willing to wait until8PM, we could have it.

We showed up at 7:50 on Saturday night with 13 instead of 12, and they were able to get the extra person in with no problem. Once we were seated we were introduced to our waiter, a nice young man named Christopher. Honestly, he was the best part of the evening. He was nice, accommodating and entertaining, and didn't seem overwhelmed by the large group.

We ordered drinks. I had the Strawberry Prosecco Bellini, which was a bit too sweet and didn't seem to have much alcohol at all. Bummer. I was limiting myself to one, though, so I could stay awake for the after party.

For dinner I had the petite sirloin, salad bar and mashed potatoes. I think the salad bar was the best part, and that's saying something, since I'm usually not a big salad person. The steak was meh - not as rare as I would have liked, and pretty tasteless. I was wishing I had some adobo in my pocketbook. One friend had the Asiago Peppercorn steak and was much happier with that. I wished I'd ordered a baked potato instead of the mashed, because the mashed tasted way too salty/fake.

Different people ordered different things and I can't remember it all. I just know that the reviews were mixed - some things were a hit, some weren't. Everyone, however, loved the waiter. Even with the added gratuity we all put in more.

So, if you're out at the Embassy Suites or any of the other hotels in that area, this is a decent choice. Enjoy.
Close to the hotel, but would not be a first choice next time. Service was ok, but food blah, not very clean and salad bar (the reason I like RT in the first place) was not kept up very sloppy... Wawa up the street has great subs, better choice...
This location is very close to home which is a plus. Considering it's next to the airport, parking was excellent as it was Saturday night. We got a seat fast and the waiter appear okay good but he did not give us eating utensils. I had the stop someone else who was very polite. The restaurant was not very clean as the dining area had trash on the floors throughout the area I sat.  The waiter brought out the wrong drink sangria (white) and but it was sent back and gave me what he asked for sangria (red) and it was okay but a little strong! The appetizers came of fast. I order Thai shrimp which could've my been better if not they were a bit too salty. The spinach dip was good, but the chips seems stale smh. I thought about just walk out, but we stayed and waited for our food. 

Now let's get to the entrées. I had the glazed salmon with Mac n cheese no bacon and broccoli my date had the double chicken smothered in gravy topped with mushrooms with mashed potatoes and Mac and cheese with bacon on top. The plates look good. Omg my salmon was so damn dry hard and no real taste. It was a nice size but I was NASTY! I didn't event eat all and it's crazy because I love salmon. The glaze was good but that it smh the Mac and cheese yuck! I ate it as I was hungry but it was loose and don't look like it was baked macaroni cheese and lastly the broccoli  omg yuck I didn't eat that either. I'm like where they get the broccoli from cold and mushy! Smh My date like his chicken, My he did not like the mashed potatoes as it was cold and taste like it's not fresh or homemade Yuck!! And he hated the Mac and the and didn't eat either after he tasted his with bacon. 

We did not was dessert and water glass is cloudy!! I haven't been to the place on years and I now remember why!!! WE WILL NEVER GO BACK!! Thumbs down
My expectations are not that high when going to a chain like this near an airport in a major city.  Don't smell like a dirty lake, don't be too cold, don't have a salad bar full of spoiled mushrooms that is still brimming full of product at closing time (think about it), don't have indifferent service that is slower than a mud river, don't have gummy mashed potatoes that were probably cooked last week, and don't fail at basically everything you are trying to do.  I would have been disappointed if I had paid $3 for my meal from a food truck.
I don't make a habit of writing reviews like this, but I hope the management of Ruby Tuesdays reads this and tries to make some changes. Maybe because they have a captive audience by the airport and there are no other choices, but this restaurant isn't even trying to be good. Let's start with the staff - rude.  The host basically said good luck if you can find a seat. The manager lady, not nice at all. The waitress, sweet but aloof. What a weird experience. 

The food?  Not good. I had to send back my queso. Pre-manufactured cheese sauce that had sat all day in a warmer with stale chips. Totally disgusting and inedible. Really?

"Crispy" boneless wings that were soggy and gross. And, to top it off, weak drinks.  Wow. Where I'm from, we call this a hot mess. I hope I never come back here again.
We were only here long enough to order two drinks while staying at the neighboring Hampton Inn. Our waitress wasn't overly attentive, but she got the job done. The drinks were made well and we were in and out in decent time. Have no complaints!
We were in a hurry for lunch and I haven't been to one of these in a while. The set up is still the same although you can pay electronically at the table which is nice if you're in a hurry. Our waiter was pleasant and efficient and the soup and salad I had were good. I'm more of a local guy vs chain but it was a decent lunch for a decent price. This location was a bit of a challenge to enter the lot if you aren't familiar. Best to drive past and turn at the traffic signal to get in and out.
This is a good place to establish an alibi for a complicated murder plot; conduct an affair with your best friend's wife; or sell secrets to a foreign power. This airport  Ruby's location has a strange, 'remote outpost' type atmosphere. And why not?  Its located in something called the 'Philadelphia Airport Interplex'; which is a little compound of familiar business traveler's hotels (Embassy, Comfort, Marriott) sandwiched between the runway and the wildlife preserve. Is it inacessible? Not at all. The lonely, desolate, 'Eastwick' whistle-stop of SEPTA's R2 regional rail line is within walking distance. Just leg it down there via the busy highway full of cars speeding by at 65 mph. Only a thousand yards. No sidewalks. What could happen to you?

Seemingly serving only the dozen travelers ever residing at one time in "the 'plex", the restaurant is usually vacant; with a skeleton crew in place to serve you (they look desperate for customers, perhaps this is some kind of disciplinary location for Ruby's staff, as its so far out in the boondocks). How does it ever get enough customers to break even? You'll probably have the place to yourself. Still, the bar wench (usually Latina) makes a good margarita. You can hear her full life story. Twice. While tumbleweeds roll by outside and coyotes howl in the distance.

Looking on the bright side: its one of the best places to bring, meet, or pick up a hooker (if you ever see one in here, go for it), seduce a fellow business-traveler, or proposition a waitress by flashing a wad of greenbacks (as IF you've never done that before?). Hey, loneliness brings people together. Even the busboys conceivably have an opportunity here. Great site, just in general, to 'make a gol-dang fool o' yerrself, boy' --with little chance that it will come back to haunt you. Boy! if these menus could talk!
RUDE! RUDE! RUDE! That should say it ALL! 
For someone who eats out up to six times a week, I have never had such a horrible experience in such a short period of time as I did at this Ruby Tuesday's in Philadelphia on Bartram Ave next to the Hampton Inn. While I am not a Ruby Tuesday's fan, as their food is mediocre at best (hence the reason I see them closing in Florida), I am staying at this hotel and they are the only restaurant within walking distance. 
I walked in and was quickly greeted by a nice lady at the front door and when I said I'd like to sit at the bar she said that would be fine. I walked up to a very small U-shaped bar that had a few people (6) and several empty seats on the one side. The problem was that it looked like someone was camping out there with newspapers menus and half eaten food spread across the bar. I stood there for a minute or two waiting to be at knowledged by the bartender, who never did acknowledge me. About that time the nice lady from the hostess stand walked by and I asked her if I could sit where there was this mess and she quickly asked the bartender, who said yes, and the nice lady cleaned off a space for me to seat, but never wiped off the bar (disgusting!) Needless to say the bartender KNEW I was there!?! After sitting there for 10 MORE minutes and NOT being acknowledged by the bartender (probably because she was too busy complaining to a customer about someone) I got up and walked out. Needless to say this lady is not equipped to be a bartender as she was unable to handle a handful of guests! My rating of 1 Star is WAY too kind for the way I was treated at this place. In the end, they lose as I am in town all week  for business and would have had 3-4 business happy hours there out of convenience. To make the matter worse, I can't even complain to the company because they don't have a mobile contact app, therefore this is my only way to get a message across to them. Ruby Tuesday's - you failed miserably today all because of one person who was too preoccupied being upset with someone and decided to ignore your patrons. This happened @ 4:30 on Oct 9th.
Extraordinarily surly staff.  I understand the restaurant is in Philadelphia, but c'mon, there's no reason to be downright rude to the customers.  The quality of the meal was substandard too, so basically a ruinous experience that I won't be repeating.
Food was as you would expect at Ruby Tuesday. Salad bar offerings could have been a lot fresher. 

As a party of one, the waitress started off by asking if I'd like a "shareable" appetizer. Umm...share with whom? 

I ordered a glass of wine, and not wanting to spend a lot on any of the wines (very blah wine list - bargain supermarket wines way overpriced of course), I chose one of the cheapest ones, for $5.99. I get the bill and the glass is listed as $7.99. The waitress then points out they offer two sizes for glasses of wine. What???? Who does that? I've never come across this in any other restaurant. And at least when you order a beer that might come in two sizes, they ask which size you'd like. So she automatically gave me the larger, more expensive glass, which I never would have ordered had I realized there was this option. It's not clear at all on the menu and I think it's kind of tacky and gimmicky. So partly that's the fault of the waitress (for not asking me in the first place which size I'd like - because really - when have you ever had two sizes to choose from at a restaurant???) and Ruby Tuesday for just being....tacky and perhaps for trying to get money from unsuspecting customers. 

I don't like these kinds of chain restaurants anyway, and I'll certainly avoid them more in the future after this.
Well I know we're in a Pandemic with Coronavirus and all. However I can't believe that Ruby Tuesday's is serving up leftover garbage. 
They sent me a coupon buy on get one free, ok I took them up on their offer. We ordered 1/2 stack ribs with fries and onion rings , my husband a bacon cheeseburger with fries and a side order of hot wings. We glance looks good we thought. 
Got this bag of garbage home, the rib bones are black smothered in BBQ sauce, the chicken barely done, and since when did they start making hot wings using a bottle of hot sauce? The fries were also leftover. We spent 30.00 bucks. FOR A BAG OF LEFTOVER GARBAGE. I know they're trying to make a living and all but to give your customers left overs is not good business. Ribs with black bones and hard are OLD. 
They should of trashed them or ate them, themselves. We waited outside after paying with cash for a receipt she never came back and we tipped her 5 bucks for a bag of garbage, 
I had no recourse without a receipt or using my credit card so I'm UP THE CREEK without a paddle. But at least I can warn someone else Don't  buy from here,  the food is leftovers that should of been thrown away a week ago.
Ruby Tuesday employee "host" ignored us for over twenty minutes playing on his phone, while we waited to be seated. We also were also ignored by every waitress that walked by. It was NOT busy and it obvious why. Service fail! Avoid, avoid, avoid... we gave up waiting and left so we can only review the poor lack of service.
It is understandable why this location has gotten such poor reviews. I ordered a draft and it arrives spoiled. I asked them for a bottled beer instead. I waited patiently and it had appeared the waiter had forgotten my beer. Then after delivering a beer to the next table he realizes he forgot my beer. He goes to get it and them comes back and asks if I want ice in my beer because the bottled beer I asked for was not chilled. I opted for a cold bottled substitute which was my third choice. My beer that arrived was a draft beer in a mug. Then the waiter tried to give me someone else's burger when I ordered the salmon. Then after my salmon did arrive it was provided with the wrong sides. A gentleman was seated across from me during this time. He waited several minutes and nobody came to take his drink order. He waited several more minutes and still nobody came. He eventually just got up and left. When my side of sweet potato fries came they were cold.
If you are choosing this restaurant because it is close to one of the hotels nearby and you just want to walk to a restaurant rather than drive I then highly suggest you instead find a local restaurant that will deliver to your hotel.
I work at the airport so one day I decided to get takeout from here. I called in my order at 6:45. The waitress who took my order said it would be twenty minutes. I arrived at 7:30pm on my lunch break.  When I arrived the manager asked my name and I told her I was here for takeout.  She replied oh give me a few minutes.  I did not receive my food for another fifteen minutes. Meanwhile, the manager and the host ran back and forth from the kitchen trying to figure who's takeout order was who with me and someone else who was waiting. 

I just really have a problem with spending 15 minutes of my 30 minute lunch break waiting for food that I called 45 min ago for. 

The takeout part of it is just very organized.
My experience was made great due to our server Lamont! What a personality!! Lamont was a great server and accommodated our table of nine. He was so helpful and attentive whether it was bringing refills to drinks or extra napkins to the table. He did not rush us out at all, although it was late by the time we finished dessert. The food was great! I personally love the small bread biscuits given to the table. The staff quickly sat our table upon our arrival. Overall good experience and no complaints!
I've ate inside the restaurant food taste fresh I always order the wings $13 for 8 pieces tastes delicious. Ordered out and it taste like frozen wings.  Seasoning doesn't taste like the usual Nashville. I'm disappointed
I wouldn't eat here again if this was the last place on earth. I always try to find one positive from a negative experience...here it goes - we made it out alive. I don't know if I can say that for the previous patrons of this restaurant. From the sticky menus, to the over cooked food and mediocre service this place is the worst.
