This pizzeria is one of the best in the city. They turn out quality pizza.

I've enjoyed takeout from here several times. They'll deliver, depending on where you are. (Thankfully I don't live in Northern Liberties, otherwise I'd have them on speed dial.) Prices are reasonable.

No matter how simple or elaborate the topping combination, every pie I try is a gourmet treat. My favorite so far? The spinach, broccoli, and sun-dried tomatoes combo. What a trio!
Before last night, this was one of my top 5 for Philly pizza. After splitting a mushroom/onion cheesesteak, however, Rusica's up there with local meat giants. They also use (Sarcone's?) sesame bread, so big plus there. Skip Pat's/Geno's/Jim's and check out Rustica!
Oh yea I love a great pie, especially when it is Rustica with their specialty pies. I first experienced these guy at a Yelp event over the summer. I was hooked from then on  like braces to teeth.. laces to shoes... an Italian to funnel cake. 

I went in one night where we (Jason K. and I) were going around doing a bar hopping tour for the evening.  Nothing better than a couple slices to waken up the taste buds after an evening of mass consumption of alcohol. No need to worry , we were not driving , what we were doing was saying  " Nom, Nom oh man , so good Nom Nom"

I love pizza , I mean I really love a great tasting pizza, an enthusiast you might say. Nothing better than seeing a FULL display case of specialty pies waiting for you to dive into.  Yes this did bring a tear to my eyes, knowing the outcome. 

The aroma dancing around as you enter Rustica will make you grow impatient as you wait your turn. I didn't mind the line they had, gave me more time to salivate over the options I was going to go with. 

The cheesesteak with onions was simply delicious, right down to the crust. Not a dry piece of steak was laying on my slice, along with that crust it again was delicious. My second slice was a hot sausage , and no it wasn't the shredded kind. Nice cuts of the good stuff was on this, another great not over powering flavorful rush to the buds.  Its not easy to perfect a pie, but these guys nailed it.  

I plan on making this a must stop whenever I'm in Northern Liberties, book it.  Clearly Rustica is in the top 5 in my rankings in the pizza realm. 

Get in there and enjoy immediately .. do it now.
So I've eaten food from Rustica approximately one million times, it is always consistently good. I have to recommend adding roasted garlic to your pizza, soooo amazing. They use whole, perfectly cooked cloves. 

Recently, I've started exploring the sandwiches. They're a bit pricey, but the eggplant parm is absolutely the best I've had in Philly. This makes me incredibly happy because it means I don't have to stink up my kitchen with odeur de fried eggplant every time I have a craving. Also, the Bella sandwich is surprisingly good. I was a bit wary of the turkey/pico de gallo combination, but it totally works. The sandwiches are big enough that I can get two meals out of them, your mileage may vary.
I just moved to Fishtown, and I'm told there's nothing better than Tacconelli's. However, the ease of order is not so easy there, I've heard (pre-ordering dough and such). I needed some pies, and fast, to reward my movers. So, we went to the next best - out of Fishtown. 

I've had Rustica before, but I don't remember it being the best pizza ever, as it was this time. I arrived as just after they opened, so every pizza on their display was fresh outta the oven. I could have passed out. You don't know me and my pizza! We have a relationship. Nothing can come between us.

Two pies: Chicken Man and a regular plain. While Chicken Man was not exactly my style (I usually don't want chicken on my pizza, and I'm a fiend for red sauce), it's peppery flavor was nice. But the basic, most flavorful treat was the plain. The sauce was perfect - and I can't explain how - sweet/tart/not too sweet. Just the right consistency and ratio of cheese (browned) to sauce. And hot! I can't quit you, Pizza Rustica. I'm looking forward to those long summer walks home from work.
Rustica is an unbelievably good value. I snagged six specialty slices with various fancy toppings like broccoli rabe, ricotta and sundried tomatoes, along with three drinks (two were Jones sodas) and it only set me back $21.75. Yes, you read correctly: twenty one dollars and seventy five cents!

I'm usually leary of pizza with creative toppings. I'm a plain pizza lover and typically these adornments get in the way of the basics, or they're added to make up for shortcomings in the crust, cheese or sauce. But Rustica's toppings were fresh and only added to the goodness of these slices.
Yum, yum, yum. In the three days since I had a pizza from Rustica I have been swooning over it just like I did for my 9th grade boyfriend. It was everything I ever dreamed a pizza would be...cheesy, saucy and sweet - just like me!

I recommend the Meredith pie, made from real bits of Meredith! And if you phone in your order, I suggest not annoying the guy who you place your order with. Your pizza will pay the price (and you don't want to know what that price is, trust me).

They also have the badge of honor proudly displayed on their door - the coveted "People Love Us On Yelp" sticker!
Me no likey, me no likey at all.  I've eaten here a lot since moving to the 'hood seven years ago, and each time I try and try to convince myself, hey, this pizza isn't so bad - come on, chin up you picky pizza eater, chin up, look beyond the shortcomings of the stuff!  I can't do it.  I can't force it.

I have had it (the pizza, that is) at all times of the day, week, delivery, eat-in, and every time, eek, I just don't like it.  Crust is thin, yes, but misses the crunch and taste of a really good pizza dough.   The pizza is also always really dry, which for me is the death knell of any pizza.  Also,  the sauce, I just can't get into it,  - I don't like it, it's too savory for my liking with not enough flavor or depth (full disclosure, I like my pizza sauce just with a litle, teeny, tiny sweetness - and there has to be enough of it, otherwise it's just a flatbread!) - not to mention I've run the gamut of ordering every type of pizza, regular, specialty - and just recently I had the basil pesto, fresh mozz and tomato - and I couldn't even get through one slice.  One slice, that's bad in my book - the pesto just was not up to snuff at all.  The toppings though generous, don't strike me ever as particular standouts, or well prepared, they are very average (and often below average) additions.  All in all, not a fan.

As far as pizza comparisons, I'm much more a fan of places like Slice, Lazaros' and Pizzeria Stella.
Get the Bistecca del Tartufo: White pie,truffled steak and caramelized onions.  One slice is just $2.50 -- it's pretty big, and loaded with pretty much top notch steak and cheese.

The best part?  If you get two slices, it's still only $5.00 and it's already better than (and much more satisfying) than 90% of the "cheese steaks" in all of Philadelphia. 

It is BEYOND awesome.  Seriously.

Now I actually had to think hard about whether or not to divulge this "secret" of mine that I like to keep for myself -- but thankfully I live and work nearby so I can have this whenever I want.  Mwahahaha.

Not a steak and cheese fan? Shame on you, but they have TONS of other really creative combinations on the menu.  

Federico: White pie, salsa verde, pulled chicken, mozzarella and topped with fresh cilantro

McTigue: Whole Wheat Pizza with figs, pinenuts, gogonzola, fresh basil and balsamic glaze (also outstanding)

The list goes on - this pizza place does NOT disappoint, and is one of the many reasons I could not see myself living anywhere else.
The pizza here is so good, I'm damned-near salivating before I can even really get a rolling start to this review.

First and foremost, I've never had anything here aside from just slices of random pizza that I'll point out and feast upon. With that said, not once did I make a miss. Highly recommend the Bistecc del Tartufo and Salsa Verde. Everything I've ever had was well-worth it. I once tried this strange kraut, mustard and kielbasi slice - not sure if it was for me but damned do I sure as hell appreciate the creative genius behind throwing that stuff onto a slice and calling it pizza.

All things considered too, the slices are damned cheap? They're what maybe $2.50? For that you can get a huge whopping slice of awful only-served-plain slop from Lorenzo's on South St.

I will drive up from South Philly just to have lunch here. Also, if you work in Center City, they'll deliver as far as Broad & Chestnut - I can wholeheartedly guarantee that as a fact.

My only gripe: I wish they were open later, like post-bar closing. That would be a dream.
This pizza shop is quite small, but it doesn't need to be big to be good. Very limited seating as well, but who needs to sit to eat a slice? They have tons of specialty pizzas here, but also tons of regular ones too, so you are bound to find something you like. I've been adventerous plenty of times here, but the last time I went, I just opted for bbq chicken slice.

All pizzas come on top of a nice and crispy crust...my absolute must in a crust (haha, that rhymed!) No soft chewy and mushy crust for me, please! (whoa, I'm on a roll). It is also very flavorful. For the bbq chicken, it had a great bbq taste that didn't overpower the pizza feel and the chicken was not dried out. 

As for price - pretty decent. I didn't think it was outrageous, especially being in the Philly area.

Overall: If you are hankering for a specialty slice, while your friend wants something simple, this is your go to place. You will always find something delicious
Holy errors batman! I thought I had had written a review for Rustica before. but I accidentally had it under Gianfranco Pizza Rustica (another good pizza place that I'll review) instead. 

Rustica might just be the best tasting pizza in Philly. but it's also hands down the best smelling restaurant in all of Philadelphia. the scent of fresh smelling ingredients beckons you inside the moment that your nose grabs a whiff.

the varieties of pizza to choose from usually makes it hard to choose from half the time. But you get a huge slice no matter what you choose and it usually tastes like a slice of heaven. Rustica is also one of the few pizza shops in Philly that I can think of with a huge free publication/flier section. so I definitely recommend sitting down and reading a little bit about Philly.
As I've said in some of my other reviews, I'm very picky about my pizza. Plain cheese and tomato pie are my two favorite varieties - none of this crawfish and balsamic glaze crap - and if you don't get plain and tomato pie right then I have no interest in your pizzeria.

Naturally, I hate Rustica.

Why do I use such a strong term? Because a handful of my friends insist on ordering from Rustica when we decide to get a pizza, and I'm forced to first endure their complaints about how it's not worth getting a pizza if I'm not going to eat any, and then to pay for and choke down a couple slices of awful pizza that offend the Italian 25% of the fibers of my being.

Why do I dislike Rustica's pizza so much? 

1) Flavorless sauce - where's the spice? Where's the salt? Where's the sweetness? Throwing some oregano and tomato paste together ain't gonna cut it.
2) Uninspiring cheese - rubbery, with no stringiness and insufficient saltiness/richness.
3) Lame crust - focaccia-like in integrity but without the flavor, not a compliment in my book.

Put it all together, and you have a bad (and overpriced) pizza. Throw what you want on it, I don't care - there's no reason to waste good figs on a crappy piece of pizza. I just hope I'm more successful at avoiding Rustica in the future.
With all the cheese, grease, and bread I tend to go easy on pizza in order to stay healthy.  I'm no posterchild for healthy living, but if I'm going to be binge drinking on the regular I should probably take a few precautionary steps to save my waist size from expanding overnight.  Cutting out pizza and soda from my diet is one of those steps.... but for Rustica I can always make an exception.  In the wide spectrum of pizza variety, Rustica ranks really highly on the quality scale - think crispy crust, clean taste, high quality ingredients, perfectly cooked. The delivery guys are all hilarious and cool, too.

To all you thin crust haters, give this place a try or step off!
One of my favorite pizza places in the city. If you are looking for an exotic slice of pizza and a Jones soda you'll find it at Rustica. I have literally ridden my bike from all corners of this city to No Libs just to eat a slice of their pizza. 

Also if you don't like pizza, because something happened to you as a child to make you not think straight, you can always get a pressed sandwich. Which are awesome. Get the P&P. It will make you real happy.
Holy Hangover Heaven. 
Don't you hate when you had a bit too much to drink the night before? You know, those days when you just can't seem to separate your ass from the couch? 
If you are having one of those days, I have some grand advice. Get yourself a pizza, any pizza from Rustica. Today, I was hurtin', hurtin' kinda bad y'all. All I wanted was a vitamin water, and something hearty to eat. 

Red pie with pepperoni and garlic, Om nom nom. It was quite fast delivery, and it was only 20 bucks for a large, hangover dismissing  pizza. I, well, I think I love you a little bit Rustica.
Update: Thank you Mary and Frank for your response below. I'll take that free pizza because your pizza is delicious, especially the Chicken Molé with the freshly diced red onions, and because you've thoroughly and sincerely addressed the only real complaint I've ever had with Rustica.  

This makes me feel so relieved. Rustica has been a great part of the community for so long, I think that is why I was so shocked and angered by those recent hostile experiences. So, that said on to a straight review:

Pizza here is great. It starts with a solid base. The crust is perfectly crisp and never soggy regardless of how many of their Gourmet toppings you heap on top. The sauce is excellent too. Not too salty or too sweet, just right. Try their specialty pies, they are innovative and delicious. My wife's favorite is the McTigue with the figs and Gorgonzola. 

There are a lot of places making crazy pizza pies a the moment, but Rustica was doing it first, and they're still among the best in town. 

--

So a few weeks back, my wife went here and the guy at the counter, the one with the neck tattoos and the chip on his shoulder, was wearing a Skrewdriver t-shirt. FYI: Skrewdriver is a white power, neo-Nazi skinhead band from England. My wife is no delicate flower, but she was appropriately offended and confused. 

I'm not sure why any business would allow an employee to wear a t-shirt that is guaranteed to piss off nearly every single one of its customers who aren't racist bigots, and a large number of its many latino employees ... but the pizza here is well above average, so we gave Rustica the benefit of the doubt. 

Returned for a couple of slices and the same guy was working the counter. He was rude and impatient (sorry I asked a question!). We ordered our slices to go, and the service, though hostile was quick, too quick. I doubt very much that the slices ever even hit the oven; they were not more than a few degrees above room temperature. I don't know what his problem was, maybe I wasn't white enough. 

Don't get me wrong. The pizza here is good. I'm going to miss it. But, there is a lot of great pizza in this town, some only a few blocks further north. The fact is that customer service is the face of your small business.  Case in point: in just two interactions, Rustica has lost the business of two people who have been loyal customers for years.
Rustica is possibly the best we have in Philly. It isn't great but, relatively, it is good.

I love the fact that they don't use a lot of cheese. I hate super greasy pizza and my stomach has developed a low tolerance for it. They use good toppings, nothing from a can or a tube. 

Possibly my favorite part is how much they cook it. I like my pizza crisp and I'll only eat pepperoni of they are browned around the edges from cooking.

They deliver (disturbingly fast) to the Art Museum area and every time it has still been hot.
So it's now a little after lunch time and I've restrained myself from writing this review so that I could gather the crucial, second data point for pizza - whether it tastes good the next day.

Old Smokey came through in a big way. It was delicious when we had it delivered last night and possibly even more delicious upon reheating for lunch today. The only downshot is my distended belly and the certain food-coma I'm facing coming around the turn into my afternoon.

This was my first from Rustica, but I've got to give them credit for a truly inspired combo - salty pancetta and smoky mozzarella made for a miraculous delicious pie and I will be ordering again and hopefully dining-in as well. The menu offers a lot more inventive combos to try.

Delivery was faster than expected as well.
Oh Rustica how I love thee slices. I  love having slices with my daughter in our special seats. I love to always try a new kind every time we visit while my girl loves your pepperoni. How you have saved me many times that I am too tired to cook. I love how close you are to the park so we can have an out door feast with friends. I can not thank you enough for being there for me so many times. Rustica I love thee so much! Can I marry a pizza place?
Great for a quick bite! A variety of toppings from the classics to the creative, so there's something for everyone. Slices ring in between $3.50-$5, so it's relatively cheap as well! Never tried a slice here I didn't like!
I only wish there was a better place to get a slice in my neighborhood, unfortunately Rustica has potential but their pizza is barely edible. Both times I went there, the slices were warm on the bottom and cold on the top, the sauce is too salty and the dry crust is like cardboard. So disappointing when I see all those slices with the wide variety of toppings...meh.
I"ve only had decent pizza from one place here so far in Philly. So after reading Marie R's review and the others I was hoping to find another good place.

Rustica is right next to Standard Tap on 2nd St. Its a small place with lots of wood and brick walls. The staff was playing what I think of as Mexican waltz music, which was a little odd given that its a pizza place. but I digress. They had big pie after big pie out on display. I found myself gravitating towards the BBQ chicken and the prosciutto with olives, mushrooms and artichoke. That and a drink w/ refills was a staggering 6.57. The cashier was very friendly and pointed out the top layer of pizzas and told me what they were(they were very high up)and the staff all seemed to be having a good time.

The BBQ chicken pizza was good, with the BBQ sauce not being overly sweet and yet having some spicyness/flavor. The chicken was cooked but not dry. The sauce wasn't bad, but wasn't top notch either. The prosciutto slice was a mixed bag. The olives, mushrooms, and artichokes were all tasty. The prosciutto was a little overcooked so it was tough and chewy. And the pizza slice itself seemed to be slightly undercooked. I must have gotten a gomer piece, because the BBQ chicken was not like that.

All in all I liked the pizza. Is it going to replace Gino's East as my all time favorite? No. But its definitely going in my mental list of places to visit on the weekend for a quick, tasty bite for a reasonable amount.
Ok. I know Carrie E. loves her some Meredith Pie, but everytime I go to Rustica, despite the pizza being delicious, I find a few hairs, random inedible articles, and once a cooked-in fly. I don't know, it really makes me sad because the pizza is so GD delicious. Maybe I was a jerk to the guy on the phone? I really don't think so though, because I'm actually quite nice to people I don't know. I'm nice because I'm afraid they'll put hair on my pie. I guess it doesn't matter: It's hair pie to me, but I eat it anyway.
We had several varieties of Rustica Pizza at the Yelp Philly event on 7/31.  They were so yummy.  I tried the veggie pie with spinach, fresh sliced tomato and ricotta.  YUM!

I also tried a few bites of the Philly-cheese-steak style pie - sliced steak meat, cheese and onions.  (I picked out the onions - as I don't "do" onions).

Even though it's porbably AMAZING if you eat it fresh at their location - it was still AWESOME pizza for delivery.  I can't wait to go to the store and try a fresh pie.

One of the other yelpers has rustica on speed dial - and has it delivered to his home, office and even to certain bars.

Kewl.
Northern Liberties is seriously lacking in good takeout. Rustica is no exception.

The menu is tempting--all of those tasty combinations! But the trouble starts the minute you pick up the phone to order. First, don't dare piss off the person who answers your call--they're volatile and they'll overcharge you for anything they can.

And then comes the waiting game! Your pizza could be at your door in ten minutes, or two hours.  Regardless of the wait, it's guaranteed to be cold and soggy.

So if you're stuck in NoLibs and you absolutely NEED pizza, this is your best bet, but you're better off traveling out of the hood.
Good pizza. Great pizza by Philadelphia standards. I enjoyed the cheesesteak pizza. Fresh toppings, good sauce. Great crust. Good job Pizza Rustica.

If you go there for lunch try the Italian Tuna. Its amazing.
I gave this place about 5 chances because of the proximity and delivery. The pizza isn't terrible, it just isn't good. Lacks flavor. I even went so far as to design a pizza with toppings I thought could be IMPOSSIBLE to lack flavor. Apparently it is possible and all the salt and red pepper flakes in the world couldn't save it. Sorry but when I spend $37 on a pizza and a salad it needs to be good. No matter how hung over I am I will never order from here again, always wind up disappointed.
Freakin' awesome when eaten in store.
Had a $3.00 (tax included) single slice of a fresh white pie with arugula, a sungle large artichoke heart (and stem) drizzled in a sweet baslamic glaze.

For me - this is the penultimate of pizza.

Seating is limited.
I grew up in NYC and lived in Brooklyn for 14 years.  Pizza is really important to me.  It is my favorite food group.

Rustica boasts its fresh ingerients and you can really tell.  There is a freshness to their pizza that I really enjoy.  

Most pizza joints use the same old processed stuff - not that there's anything wrong with that - but Rustica really stands out to me.

They are nice local folks and they've even shopped in my store - helping to support local businesses - also something very important to me.
i'm so glad to read i'm not the only one with rustica on speed dial.  

if you need to be sold on rustica the best thing cannot be ordered and delivered to your door.  yes, the margherita pizza is delicious, but the very best thing to be had is a slice of the pre-made pesto pie.  i've tried ordering it fresh to the home, not the same.  no, i guess the flavors need to marinate under that glass.  either way, it's the best slice in the city hands down.  i love how not greasy they are.
Great pizza, thin crust, good creative toppings, barely any grease. Their salads are huge and scrumptious. Sandwiches are good too. Oh, yeah, they deliver too, so you don't have to get stuck with low quality, grease pit pies at home.

Only thing to look out for is that they sometimes don't heat up their slices sufficiently, so if you are carrying one out, don't expect it to stay hot for more than a minute.
Wow just wow!  I had such a good slice of pizza last night and even though I don't really venture over to NoLibs that much I may find myself here more often for a late night slice.
a while back, i had a slice from Rustica at a friend's.  it was great!  Inspired, I ordered a pizza for home the next week...delicious! great crust, delicious sauce, etc.  very pleased, even with the higher than normal prices. tonight: had a friend over, got a chicken parm sandwich and an order of arancini to split: WORST chicken parm i have ever had.  it was basically a bunch of chopped, griddled chicken with a little bit of watery sauce and a bunch of cheese on top.  it was not edible.  the arancini were gummy and smelled like garbage.  i think the prosciutto was past it's prime. and the sauce they gave for the arancini was bland and watery.  with delivery, $22.00 for a sandwich and 4 rice balls.  Plus the delivery driver didn't call as I requested - i don't have a doorbell.  just kept banging on the door.  very disappointing.  gonna have to reconsider.
Ordered a chicken parm pizza and were charged $27 yes you read it correctly $27!! Super disappointed that another small business could rip people off this bad!

We have been here numerous times and had a white pizza for $17. They added chicken to a cheese pie and that equals $27! I can't justify the cost and how we were treated when we called in to ask a few questions.
A solid 5 stars.  Rustica has a better selection of slices than either Gianfranco or Soho, and their hot, hot oven gives a crispier crust than anywhere I've been in Philly.  The atmosphere inside, as well, is classier (although I love the atmosphere at Gianfranco, it's a bit gruff).  

Anyway, since I found Rustica I've been going there on a daily basis.  I love it.
Oh my.  Honestly some of the best pizza I've ever had.  It didn't hurt that the slices we selected had just come fresh out of the oven.  I tried the spinach and broccoli with sun-dried tomatoes as well as a barbecue chicken with onions.  Both were filled to the brim with flavor with just the right amount of crispiness to the crust.  Plus the service was friendly.  Fantastico!  Came to about $8 for 3 specialty slices.
I'm big on down-to-earth pizza.  Good dough, good sauce, good cheese.  I'm not unwilling to try something fancy, and I think this place has a good thing going.  I frequent the place often enough, having lived in the neighborhood for about 3 years; but usually only when i've got friends over and it's their obvious choice due to the notoriety that Rustica has.

Speaking for myself, I really am not a huge fan of the fundamentals in their pies.  DOUGH - The dough is "meh" tasting, but extremely thin, and takes a bit away from the experience.  
SAUCE - I won't knock the sauce at all; it's not my favorite, but there's nothing really against it.  
CHEESE - The cheese is decent tasting, but I've always been dissapointed with its consistency, a bit clumpy; I've never been able to take a good bite of a slice and come away from it with that alluring few strands of cheese stringing out.. it's usually a crumpled mess that flops off the rest of the pizza (at least, this is my experience when getting my own whole plain pie, the individual slices and topping consistencies may be a different story).

It's a nice establishment with good service, but for the high prices and pure focus on pizza (well, they do do sandwhiches, but this place is definitely about the pizza), I'd hope for something a little more satisfying.

That said, it's still my go-to for party nights with friends wanting something more than the orthodox cheap plain pie.
Two of the worst cheesesteaks and pizzas I have ever had. They put a cheesesteak on a wheat seeded roll. Needless to say it was horrible. 

The pepperoni pizza I got had no flavor whatsoever and tasted more like the pizza I would get at 3am after a night of drinking.

I am embarrassed to have this place making food in Philadelphia, especially if someone from out of town accidentally stopped in.
I should compile a list of pizza places I miss. This would be on my top 5 for sure. I used to live two blocks from Rustica, now I'm about 3000 miles and have serious good pizza withdrawal. This place has an incredible thin crust,  and the toppings and sauce trump anything out here by a long shot.  And though I used to think it was expensive, compared to what I pay for mediocre slices out here, it's actually cheap. If you're in Northern Libs Definitely  hit Rustica up.
Rustica is my fave pizza supply in the city.  They'll deliver just about anywhere though it may take a while since they're popular as heck (wonder why?).  

Wasnt crazy about the eggplant topping and I think it's because they deep fry it.  The roasted garlic, though, is super great.  Heck, their tomato pie is simple joy in red.  My recommendation though is to just stop in and pick the slice you find most sexy because they look so great when they put together all the fun toppings you'd never consider all'a carte.  

Word to the wise: there's some place near the ICA in Ucity that is called rustica.  When I saw this, my heart sped up a bit and an increaseed involuntary salivation made me consciously remember to swallow more.  But to be sure, I called up Rustica (that's right, I've got em on speed dial on my cell) and they informed me that this location along with a few others are indeed knock-offs.  The Northern Liberties location is THE location for great pizza.  

Needless to say, my heart slowed back down to the near coma rate with disappointment and my mouth dried up... sigh
I love, love, love me a thin slice.  Even more, I love spinach and tomato red pie and it's a rare find in a slice.  Tasted the eggplant and sun-dried tomato and it was brilliant.  There are some unique specialty pies that you have to be brave to try - kielbasa and sauerkraut, really?  But I haven't had a bad slice there yet, so I'd say it would be okay to be ambitious in your selection and you'd be pleasantly surprised.  

Indoor and outdoor seating compliment this place but shhhh!  It could be the best kept secret in the city for great pizza.  Let's not hype it too much whilst it may become overrated.  P.S. Rustica would make a nice casual date spot, too.
I've been in pursuit of the ultimate pizza since moving back to Phila. from San Francisco.  Rustica is another massive miss in that quest.  I get that the many styles of pizza allow for an exponential number of pizza preferences and opinions.  But I am truly amazed that this place gets such good reviews.  Cardboard, is the texture and flavor that come to mind after biting into this $18.00 lg. pepperoni pizza.  Bland crust with no character, and it is hard to do this, but the pepperoni's were pretty weak on the flavor front as well.  I could give the cheese 3 stars as it had a nice bite to it but do you give the tuba player a standing ovation because she was the best musician in the symphony of mediocrity?  I think not.  So on I look.......
I wanted to try a new pie last night, because I'm beginning to tire of my neighborhood pizzeria. I think I OD'ed on their pies. So I suggested we try Rustica, based upon the glowing Yelp reviews. We ordered one large pie - half plain, half shrooms. The half plain was delicious. The crust was thin enough and crispy, and the cheese had a nice flavor. The sauce was also good and had presence - a CRUCIAL element. But the half that had boomers on it was, sadly, sick. Maybe the slice I ate had gotten a little cold, but the shrooms were soft and flavorless and just gross. My boyfriend, who elected to get half shrooms, didn't like it either. 

Too bad for him, I claimed the plain side as my own. Tough nuts. The plain side was tasty, in my opinion, but he wasn't that blown away. I'll probably order a big plain pie from here again, sans shrooms, and it'll be great. Three stars, for now.
This place is my favorite Pizza Joint in city hands down. Lucky for me its walking distance from my pad. They have so many different varieties to choose from. I've never had a bad slice. My roomate always raves about the crawdad pie they make, but I have yet to try. Everything here is so amazingly delicious its a wonder why I don't frequent this place more often.
Ordered a large pie last night and loved it! 

half pepperoni, half federico.

Pepperoni was amazing, perfectly hot and cheesy with lots of pepperoni

But the federico was eh. There was a lot of shredded chicken, not enough flavors though. It needed a lot more sauce, either salsa verde or maybe it needed some type of creamy sauce because the chicken really dried the pizza out, it felt like i was eating just shredded chicken and dough.

But all in all, service was quick and pizza was good! I need to try different toppings next time
For toppings so sassy, sauce so tasty, and prices so pricey, why oh why are these crusts so awful?

I really, really want to like Rustica. The staff is awesome, the No Libs location is great, and it's a cozy little place. But I can't get past the awful frozen pizza texture crust. Not thin enough to have a real crunch or gluteny rip, yet not soft or moist enough to count as any other style. Stale from the get-go.

At least they're consistent. Always perfectly circular, always in a box, always delivered piping hot by a cute bearded hipster guy... and always a little disappointing.
Nothing special. Save your money. 

We ordered the plain red whole pie and were very disappointed. 
Tastes like a $5 rusty pie. 
Dough was tough to chew, sauce and cheese were flavorless, VERY salty/sour.
Five stars for having brussel sprout pizza (and if you're not a fan, Rustica has way more interesting meat pizzas than vegetarian pizzas, so I'm sure you'll figure something out).  Minus one star for never having brussel sprout pizza available by the slice.  Plus half a star for an excellent and well-organized selection of fliers, free weekly papers, etc.  I was taught to round up, so here we are at five stars again.

Best bet is to get a whole pizza to go and walk down the street to the Foodery for a mixed six pack.  Instant bliss.
Annoyed. That is my feeling post Rustica. Walked in Friday night and my bf just wanted two slices with meat- not a picky guy just sausage; pepperoni; meatball; anything. There were none pre made and they explained none would be made anytime soon- in fact it would be 2 hours for any meat pizza. Now table that thought...

Aracine to start- wow mush heaven.  I was so stoked for these delightful fried balls of heaven but they were mushy and lukewarm.

Pizza with sundried tomatoes- sauce was very dry, definitely tasted reheated, was ok

Pizza with ricotta and tomato- whoah overpower on the basil- couldn't even finish it!

Plain- was ok

Back to our previous thought- BF goes up to pay and low and behold there are two fresh pies - one with sausage, peppers and onion and another with pepproni.  So he asks oh you have meat pies- they for an order and the guy answers no do you want a slice it is 2.75.  Are you kidding me?????  This is I kid you not 10-15 minutes after we originally ordered and were told it would be 2 hours for a meat pizza to come out.  Ensues a 5 minute conversation bc the guy keeps trying to sell him a slice and keeps mixing up our order.  Terrible cutomer service.

Shame because we live 2 blocks away and based on that experience I would rather catch a cab to Soho in Olde City.
By far my favorite pizza spot in Philly. I had a lot of trouble finding decent pizza in Philly when I first moved here but was lucky enough to come across their twitter account and tried it. 

A little bit on the pricey side but it is more gourmet pizza then anything else. They have some great specialty pizzas and their sauce is great. I recommend the italian sausage pizza. It is delicious!

I also have stopped by and eaten at the at the actual restaurant which has a plethora of pizza slices available that aren't on the menu.
First time here and already impressed. I only needed somethinf quick to eat so I grabbed a tomato/ricotta cheese slice and man was it good. I'll come back in the future and order one of their pies
I'm torn between 3 and 4 stars. The sandwiches and salads are great, the pizza sauce is great, the cheese is great, I just can't get over the pizza crust. The pizza isn't bad, certainly better than the corner pizza shops near me on Girard, but there is something not quite right about the crust. Maybe I'm just used to thin crust pizza... overall, its not a horrible slice, but since Beddia opened its hard for me to order pizza from Rustica. I'll stick to sandwiches and salads for now.
You know that saying about sex being like pizza?

The fact that this pizza is held in such high regard by people I know and respect has kept me from looking at it subjectively. Every time I have it, I just assume, "Hey, It's Rustica! People go apeshit over it. It's a quality pie!" 

No more. My eyes are opened. As such, it's prompted this review.

It's not that great. It has a very peculiar flavor & aftertaste to it. One I find disagreeable. I'm not a picky eater, I like everything yet I can't get through a slice or two without the aftertaste overwhelming me. 

Perhaps it is this flavor which draws so many, I don't know. To each their own. I'm done believing the hype.
Another place I live dangerously close to...

 Now I understand that their prices are a tad bit higher than your  average pizzeria, but this isn't your run of the mill joint. Rustica buys top of the line gourmet ingredients to put the love into their pizzas and sandwiches. Their creativity seen in each pie is worth every penny. 

My favorite pizza is the tartufo... steak, cheese, onions, and truffle cream sauce. Get ready to smell!!!! mmmmm.. (the tartufo cheesesteak is the same winning item stuffed in a roll.)

Another item I'm a sucker for here are their french fries. I don't eat french fries very often, but when I do - I want them from this place. They are the perfect thin, crunchy fry, similar to the ones found at McDonalds - minus the lack of breakdown (reference: Supersize Me).

Pick up a beer or two at the Foodery and you've got the perfect meal.
This place has the best wings in the city and amazing pizza. Customer service is great too. They forgot to put blue cheese in with my food and called to tell me they were going to deliver it to my house without me even asking.
I'm rating Rustica on delivery/take out only since I've never dined in. My go to favorites are the truffle cheesesteak pizza and Old Smokey with smoked mozzarella- both are delicious. The large pizzas are very large! And I have to say I love the thin crust. Even the plain cheese pizza is amazing. Rustica delivers SO QUICKLY, it's spooky. At least, living close to nolibs helps but my pizza is always here within 25 minutes.  Nothing bad to say!
Damn do I love this place! Great great pizza, fantastic sandwiches, super service. 

My favs?
Tomato/spinach pie
Federico pie

and the grand dame:
CHICKEN/TOMATO/EGGPLANT/MOZZARELLA Sandwich.

HOLY HELL IS IT GOOD!
My husband just got home after attempting to pick up a pizza order at Rustica. THEY FORGOT TO PUT CHEESE ON THE PIZZA. When he called, the person on staff just said that people frequently ordered tomato pies from the shop and that if he wants to discuss what a tomato pie is, he should talk to the owner during the week. 

There was no apology. There was no offer of a refund. I've worked in restaurants and have never heard of someone being so smug after making a blatant mistake. Save your money and go to one of the real pizzerias in town.
The food is quite good, and since there is no comparable pizza place that has as good of food for a decent price I keep coming back despite the fact that it is really on the pricey side. 

Don't believe the one $ sign. Its going to cost you 50 bucks to get a large pizza and wings. To me that makes it a $$$ dollar ranking.
We got the Tartufo.  A cheesesteak with truffle cream and caramelized onions.  $13.95 seemed a touch high but I saw great things online and had high hopes for this cheesesteak.  It came on a seeded roll.  The roll was good.  It had a good amount of meat.  It is good meat.  It is real meat because I found two small pieces of gristle.  It had a good amount of cheese and the cheese is melted throughout the cheesesteak well.  The caramelized onions were very nice.  The truffle cream and $13.95 left us baffled, confused and wanting more of something.  This is one of those cases where you have very good ingredients and they just weren't in sync this day.
For me, this place was the perfect respite and place to plop down after a long day of walking around Philly. I spent the day tasting all sorts of Philly delights, but after a long day, all I wanted was a slice of pizza. I ended up getting 2, and had to get a bottle of soda to hit the $10 cc minimum (work was paying so nbd).

I sat, uninterrupted, used the WiFi and left when I had to meet up with a colleague. 

It's definitely hole in the wall status, but I didn't mind one bit.
Heaven would be the only word to describe the state of my taste buds after ordering from Rustica. 

I ordered a bunch of food for a small gathering at my apartment the other day, and everything was absolutely delicious.  The delivery came extremely fast and everything was hot.  

Here is what I ordered:

MUSTARD PIE -  AMAZING! the most exciting and unusual pizza pie my guests and I have ever tasted.  There is true culinary genius behind this creation. The kielbasa, sauerkraut, mustard and carmelized onions worked together in perfect unison on the whole wheat crust. 

THE McTIGUE - MIND-BLOWING! This pie was fig, gorgonzola, pine nuts, fresh basil and a drizzle of balsamic glaze.  WHO KNEW?!?!?! After the first bite, I thought my head was going to explode off my body in a spasm of epicurean delight.  Every single one of my guests had similar things to say about this pie.  

I also ordered a DAVID, which is a panini with steak, cilantro, jalapeno, fresh mozz and lime juice. I really think it is rare to have a pizza place where the deliciousness of their pizza perfectly mirrors that of their sandwiches.  The steak was cooked flawlessly and the freshness of the other ingredients was staggering.  

This was my first time ordering from Rustica.  Not only do I plan to stop in a few times a week for a slice or two (or THREE!!!), but I plan to make them a staple in my ordering-in routine. Their prices are not bad at ALL, and for the high-quality and size of everything I ordered, I would have gladly paid double. 

HANDS DOWN the BEST pizza/sandwich spot in Philadelphia.
Some of THE BEST pizza that I've had in Philadelphia. And a fine, fine establishment. Really enjoy the people, vibe and food, of course.
I don't understand the draw to Rustica... I would almost rather gnaw on a piece of cardboard w/ pizza sauce then eat this overrated, bland piece of garbage.  It's seriously the worst pizza crust I have ever had.  Somehow even the fancy toppings don't seem to save the tasteless dough that seems to be so popular.  If you want some really good, cheap pizza... buy some pizza dough from trader joes, roll it out, brush it w/ olive oil, put it on the grill for a few minutes, take it off/flip it, put on your own toppings, put it back on the grill for another couple minutes and you will have something way better than what Rustica is selling.  Don't waste your money at Rustica... it's a disgrace to pizza.
When my wife and I first moved to Philly from the West Coast (after a week of apartment hunting and staying at the HOliday Inn) Rustica was our first meal together in our new place.  We had it delivered and ate it sitting at our newly craigslist-purchased dining table surrounded by open suitcases and piles of recently shipped file boxes.  It was one of the best meals of my life.  

After a full day of unpacking and assembling piece after piece of Ikea furniture, the crispy, ultra-thin pizza topped with generous amounts of pepperoni, mushrooms, sausage and onions was the perfect soul-satisfying sustenance for me.  I'm sure the ambiance of our little dinner as well as our day's activities heightened the deliciousness of our meal, but objectively speaking... that was a damn good pizza.  

Also, we ordered the large pizza and it was HUGE, so it became our 2nd and 3rd meals in our new place as well.  Boom!
Although, I don't believe I have ever had anything here besides slices and sodas - both of these are always top notch.

It's a small place so I wouldn't recommend it for a large party, especially during the winter. And for some odd reason they don't have pineapple.  

They make my favorite bbq chicken pizza in Philadelphia, and employ a few of my favorite bmx boys. It's always a good time at Rustica (pronounced roo-stica).
Great pizza. If I lived in Northern Liberties I would probably eat here every day.
Best delivery option if you live in Old City!  We live within a block of two pizza places (including OCP- gag) but we still pay the premium to have Rustica brought down from NoLibs on the regular.  Sure, it's a little pricey ($25 for a large pie with two toppings) but the pizzas are HUGE and they always provide lunch for the next day.  The pepperoni is amazing- I don't know what kind they use but it gets crispy on the edges and is just so good.  We often get basil as well which is always fresh.  They use plenty of cheese and the crust has a great texture.  The delivery is always within the window they give and I am always willing to wait for better pizza!  

We've eaten in the pizzeria too and they have tons of different toppings including the pulled chicken with salsa verde which is actually outstanding.  They always have a wide variety of slices available.  It's a small location with nothing fancier than your standard pizza joint but it's always great for a snack in a pinch if you're in Northern Liberties.
After finally trying a normal pizza here, I can finally give this place the review it deserves!!  Tonight I had a half pepperoni half plain pizza and it was great!  I was worried about trying their pizzas with a red sauce due to the questionable yelp reviews but it was really good and I am glad I did!  I have ordered here numerous times and have gotten pies like Pico de gallo and Federico, and plenty of salads and sandwiches.  I can't say I have ever had anything bad from here minus some soggy fries here or there.  Their pulled chicken is incredible, their creative pies are awesome and their sandwiches are great.  The salsa verse is a little spicy so be prepared for a kick.  You can't go wrong with the sausage and meatball parm sandwich with roasted reds!!  

I would recommend this place to anyone.  The price may be higher than you expect but the quality makes it worth it!!
Absolutely the best pizza in the area but very pricey!! We get it on special  occasions. Cooked to perfection each time & top quality ingredients. Buffalo chicken pizza to die for!!
I have been looking for a great pizza place for a  while now & never found one that I thought was good enough to continually order from.  Until Rustica.  I would like to sincerely thank whoever left menus for this place in the foyer to my building a month or so back.
The sauce is good, the dough/crust AMAZING, the ingredients fresh & tasty & the specialty pizzas interesting, different & delicious.  Their salads are fresh & generously sized & that's an understatement.  
The delivery guys are always really nice & accommodating (they are like, the ONLY delivery people who actually make use of our call box so they can be buzzed in & deliver right to our door) with timely delivery.

My one complaint - & the one thing keeping from giving Rustica 5 stars - is that their sides kinda suck.  Like kinda really suck pretty badly.  Hugely disappointing as I *love* sides.  The fried asparagus was really soggy, the fried mushrooms looked like they had been fried in grease that needed to be changed like, yesterday, the arancine, as delicious & tasty as it may sound is blaaaaaaaaaaaand as anything. 

The prices might look a little high for a pizza place but trust me the food (other than the sides, hah) is well worth it.
Let me summarize: I think Rustica pizza is fanTASTIC.  I'm not typically a fan of deeper, thick pizzas and am more of a fan of big thin slices (think Lorenzo's style) so my opinion may be biased here.  I had always liked stopping in and grabbing either a plain cheese or mushroom slice if I was in the area and was hungry.  I was not sure if I was alone in my opinion on their pizzas since I'd had others disagree with me.  My feelings on Rustica were validated recently, though, when I convinced my coworkers to choose Rustica when they wanted to order in a few pizzas for lunch. They had never heard of Rustica before and were skeptical but were absolutely raving about it once it arrived.  We ordered a plain cheese, an Old Smokey minus the meat, a meatball pizza, and a pepperoni pizza. People from our department were stopping by to see what smelled so good, coworkers were telling them it's incredibly good, people who sampled what was left were writing down the address and number so they could get it for themselves later, and I even overheard one calling his wife to tell her he "now knows where to find the best pizza on Earth".  The meatless Old Smokey went over especially well and was the first to disappear. Everyone who tried a slice said it was a perfect.  Rustica's sauce is not too sweet and actually adds flavor.  The cheese isn't overloaded and greasy.  The crust is thin and crispy.  There is just nothing bad I can say about Rustica pizza at this time and it seems like all of my coworkers now agree.
this place was nice.  small little restaurant - somewhat far for the temple folk, but it was well worth it.  the pizza was good!
Walked in and got two slices. Pepperoni  and a sausage mozzarella and tomato. Super nice guy explained the pizzas and heated them to a perfect temperature and served them right up. Perfect crispy crust. Can't wait to try more.
right around the corner from me which rules....the pulled chicken it a bit dry for my taste- i get extra cheese and sauce to make up for it....what i enjoy here is their specialty pies- there are a ton to choose from w/ alot of toppings u would not expect on a pizza.....their barbacue chicken ranks high on my list but hands down old smokey is one of the best speciality pizza's in the world: w/ pancetta and smoked mozzarella it is f'in delicious..  if u want a more traditional plain slice it's ok maybe even good for philly standards but I definately think their speciality pies r the way to go..everyone is really nice and it is opened later (1am i think- on fri and sat) now, so u can grab a slice if u head out of the bars early on the way home
Was feeling fancy last night and ordered what may be the best pizza topping combo my mouth has ever known.  Got the white pie with Porcini Mushrooms and Rosemary; added truffled steak and roasted garlic.  Heaven on my plate.  Now...that pie wasn't cheap, which is the only drawback.  I actually didn't add up the cost because I didn't want to know.  It wasn't outrageous or anything, but I expect to pay more for my pizza when they have toppings like that.  We typically get delivery and they take around 30-45 minutes (typical).  I've eaten-in and had a good experience as well.
I'm originally from New York (you can stop reading now if you want) so it was tough for me to find a pizza in Philly that I truly enjoyed. While many places around the city are doing their best to pump out the same mediocre slice, Rustica has its own agenda. Known for their 'unusual slices', I had to try a topping combo that I've never had. The bacon and red peppers were a match made in heaven, not to mention the best thin crust I've had since living here. Anyway, I'll spare you at this point and leave you with this: unusual topping combo or not, if you're looking for a great slice of pizza in Philly, Rustica is the place to go. Also, did I mention how inexpensive it is? Take your lady friend out with ten dollars in your pocket and expect to come home with some change.
I had a "Dave" panini and risotto balls and I was astonished at how bland they both were. Yet I still paid $18 with a drink.
This is pretty good pizza. I like to measure a pizza joints quality by how their plain slices taste. Is it logical? maybe. But their plain slice was prettty solid. Not the best thing Ive ever had in my life but fairly cheap and the service was fast. I also had one of their chicken and tomatoes white slice and that was pretty good too. All in all a solid pizza place that you won't regret.
Quick mid-afternoon lunch on a Friday.  Not busy at all, pizza was great!  Nice thin crust and all kinds of toppings available.  I had a sicilian pepperoni and slice of sausage with broccoli rabe.  Complemented it with a natural cane sugar soda from the fridge.  $8, and they take LevelUp!

I'm told this place is CROWDED on the late night weekends from the teetotalers from Standard Tap.
I LOVE this place.

They usually have Sicilian pizza, which is a guilty pleasure of mine. They never complain when I ask for the corner piece (more crust!). Sometimes they laugh a little, but hey, fine by me. 

The pizza itself is delicious. One of the best slices of any kind of pizza I've had, especially the Sicilian. They also carry Jones soda (another guilty pleasure).

For $5, I get the corner slice of Sicilian and a Jones Cream Soda. Pretty good deal.

One of the guys that works there, all of which are really nice, has the most adorable little girl who I've seen in there a few times. Babies = always a plus.
I'm not joking! This place has the greatest Pizzas EVER! 

I used to live in NoLibs about a block away from here and I swear these guys make awesome pizzas. 

Service is great the place is clean and they always play good music there. 

Everyone, please try there Federico pizza slices. Dear God, it's like Jesus kissing your insides! It's sooo F ing good!
If you want a specialty pizzas that's different from your usual neighborhood pizza joint, you need to go here. In my own very stringent taste tests, I've annointed Rustica as the best of the Ten Killer Slices of Pizza in Philly (see my food blog on www.claredin.com). The addition of unusual specialty pizzas solidifies its outstanding rating. Take, for instance, the spinach and roasted tomato red pie. Each mouthwatering bite of juicy spinach and flavorful tomato is sure to leave your tastebuds tantalized and your tummy craving more. The sausage and broccoli rabe was another winner. Paper thin slices of sweet Italian sausage and juicy chunks of broccoli rabe combine perfectly in this heavenly slice. The brisket, brown gravy, and mashed potato was a sleeper hit. It was like eating a tasty open-faced dinner sandwich. Perhaps my only gripe is the bread is a little thick, but it's cooked nicely and does have a lot of ingredients to support. There's a lot to like about Rustica. Give it a try if you haven't already.
this place is awesome (also LOVE the yelp sticker on their door!)
I have sen it a bunch of times - whenever I am at standard tap, but never paid attention to the name...... and probably should have noticed how much business they do (though that can sometimes be more of a sign of convenience than quality.) 
anyway, looking for pizza in the new hood, - all through yelp recommendations of course, and I am so pleased with my results!
We ate in, ordered a plain because I wanted to try the basics before exploring and we got fries - also good.
The service and the food were great! I can't wait to experiment with toppings!
UPDATE: TARTUFFE cheese steak! a cheese steak with truffle butter! heaven on a roll. don't change a thing when ordering, not the onions, the cheese, not anything. you must experience it in it's pure form.
The crust, sauce, and the creativity that goes into each pie is remarkable.  Can't beat, my fav, the pancetta and smoked mozzarella, but  the pico de gallo with unmatched creaminess from the avocado, and the crawdaddy (if you are feeling spicy) come close.  It is a little pricey for a whole pie, but I recommend a slice or two for a quick explosion of bliss.  Now that the weather is starting to get nice, stop in and grab a slice while relaxing on 2nd st.  You won't be disappointed.  The service is always courteous, but I love pizza so much that I have yet to order up a sandwich when I stop in, so you will have to rely on other reviews about them.
This is my go to place in No Libs especially because the walk from my apartment is about 4 1/2 minutes, so they get five stars for convenience as well! 

Seriously though, the pizza is just too good.  I have had consistently bad pizza in Phila because the dough is bread like and chewy and that is just not quality pizza crust.  Rustica will make it regular style of thin if you ask them.  Yes you pay a little more for the toppings, but the entire pizza is coated in quality toppings!  The roasted garlic and black olives with artichokes...mmm even at 7:55 a.m. my mouth is watering.  Other than the pizza, the cheesesteaks and chicken sandwiches on the awesome sesame seed rolls are one of the best in the city.  

Rustica is my local jam and I have only tried about five things from the menu so I can only imagine everything else is awesome too.
There are many yummy things to order from Rustica.....but one sandwich rules them all. Order the Tartufo....as it could possibly change your life. This is not an ordinary Philly Cheesesteak. It is a steak made with truffle cream and enhanced with caramelized onions. It sounds simple.....because it is, but the cooks at Rustica get it right every time. Consistent quality from the top down. Quick Delivery service from staff that smile and actually give a s***! I love you Rustica. Please don't ever change the menu and lose the Tartufo!

Cheers,

Darth
I'm pretty sure this is my fav pizza in Philly now. I've dined both in the restaurant and had delivery, and both times the pizza was amazing. 

Tip 1: They deliver to Rittenhouse (as of April 2012)
Tip 2: If you are having it delivered, ask them which pizzas they recommend for delivery. They recommended some great options that "traveled well," and the pizzas were just as good when it was delivered as it was when we ate at the restaurant.
I have only had the pizza delivered, but let me say it is by far the best pizza in philly. The delivery doesnt take too long and i should know we get delivery from there every night.

The only reason i didnt give it 5 stars is because the pizza is very thin. I could probably eat a whole large by myself.

freshly made and a little bit expensive but definely worth it. remember guys i just moved from NYC and this pizza can hang with some great pizza places. Its no grimaldis but shiet in philly u cant get a better pie.
Oh hell yeah. Rustica has a great location that makes for the perfect quick  meal without sacrificing taste. Whenever I go to the Thursday night tastings at the Foodery I usually grab a slice or two here beforehand. Very happy with the vegetarian pies. Easily one of my favorite pizza places in the city. Delicious pizza and friendly staff!!
Finally got to try this place out & I LOVED it! These guys know how to make a great, delicious gourmet pizza. 

Everything on the menu looked & sounded heavenly. I had a hard time deciding, but I figured I should go for a couple of slices (their hot & cold sandwiches & paninis sound awesome too). After mulling it over for a while, I eventually settled on the Frederico slice (white pie, salsa verde, pulled chicken, mozzarella & cilantro) & the chicken caccitore slice (red pie, chicken smothered in onions & roasted peppers). Both were out of this world. The crust had a nice crisp on the bottom, thanks to the brick oven. It wasn't too thin, wasn't too thick either. Loved the spicy sauce on the caccitore slice. And the flavors on the Frederico slice were fantastic. Tasted like an enchilada or something. My brother opted for the eggplant parmigiana slice & one of the new additions: "the mustard slice" (whole wheat crust with spicy mustard instead of tomato sauce, sausage, kielbasa, sauerkraut & caramelized onions). I HAD to try a bite of his mustard slice. At first I was skeptical, but holy hell, was this thing GOOD! It'd be perfect with a nice cold beer. I will definitely get it for myself next time! 

I'll definitely be back to this place. It was a little on the small side, but I went on a weekday afternoon so I was able to grab one of the few tables in the front. As far as pizzerias go, it's a little on the pricey side too, but WELL worth every penny.  (Actually, the sandwiches seem more expensive than the pizzas... which, come to think of it, are pretty reasonably priced, considering what you're getting.)

Can't wait to go back!
Just simply bad pizza. They use an American cheese or something similar on their pizza. It's dry and has no flavor
Been there twice and both times the pizza was soooo good.  Definitely a fan and I will definitely be back.  Oh, and they're very quick & friendly.
Goodfella pizza was terrible. Chicken was cardboard and although broccoli rabe is always delicious, the pizza overall was dry and flavorless (even with tons of hot sauce poured on it, i tried tabasco and sriracha to no avail).  the roasted garlic tasted like mush and the lack of sauce is a terrible idea for these ingredients. I thought this place would have more flavor!  Admittedly the ingredients are fresh but next time maybe i'll try the bbq chicken.  Delivery was fast tho to center city.
Man I feel down giving this place only 3 stars. But I'm reasoning to myself that 3 stars ain't that bad. 
I went the other day after hanging out at Yards Brewery, and I just wasn't super impressed. Everything was super salty. We tried the provolone cheese, pork, and spinach (maybe broccoli rabe?) pizza that was a twist on the roast pork sandwiches. It was good! But again, the saltiness killed me. What also put a damper on our night was the front area where you can sit and eat your slices. It was small and the door was constantly opening and slamming shut from the delivery peeps so it was kind of a sucky ambience which is to be expected I think of most pizza places. Still. Sigh!
Will try again (because it's pizza!) and get delivery then update my review cuz maybe they just had a bad day.
Tartufo steak. It comes in a pizza. but more importantly it comes in cheesesteak form. For those of you not familiar with what a truffle is, my first list will explain what it is and where to find them in Philadelphia food. Don't discount it until you've tried it, TRUST ME. The Tartufo is a cheesesteak with truffle cream and caramelized onions.

I've also gotten the Old Smokey on a couple occasions, and while the pizza is great, the toppings are rather spaced out and thin, I remember being disappointed. The sauce, while great, overpowered the other ingredients, that little thing you pay extra for ;)

The sides/appetizers available are really just lame. Not bad, just a real fizzle. With every combination under the sun on their pizzas, an appealing appetizer shouldn't be too difficult. Cheesy garlic bread shouldn't be outside of the realm of possiblity, no? Per favore?  

Don't bother with the fries, they're regular variety and if you ask for cheesefries, it's a 50/50 chance they say they don't sell such a thing; else, you get a softball of fries and cheese rolled up in foil. NO. LIE. More of a speedbump than a roadblock, as I consumed said fried potato mozzarella ball.

The arancine looks awesome on the menu but don't get your hopes up, might as well be fried air. Far too much batter and microscopic flecks of pancetta.

To remedy the weak sides, I will every so often get an order of wings along with something bigger. The wings themselves are not fried, but baked and are of good quality, so no worries there. 

So despite the fact that I've never actually made it to Rustica to sit and have a slice, I've picked up food from there before and the establishment is nice. The inside seating is minimal and a couple tables sit outside along the street. I like this part of Northern Liberties, as this particular part of 2nd street is lively. If you plan ahead you can order your pizza, hit up the Foodery just across Poplar Street and grab a beer with plenty of time to spare.

As a Yelp sponsor, read this!
Delicious pizza!! Their salads rock too. Great post North Bowl munchie satisfier. #wishrusticawasinmyhood.
This review is for the chicken parm sandwich. The bread is burnt, the sandwich is dry, and the chicken is very thin. Very disappointing.
There tripping there food use to be good a few years back but now they got popular  and they are way more inconsistant . They only care about the money .  The last time i got the David it was a shame i wish i had a camera to take a photo and upload it . what crap it was . I was a big fan but not anymore .
