I went to this Ruth's Chris location for my 21st birthday and was rather disappointed. It was me, my boyfriend, my boyfriend's brother and his girlfriend. None of us are over 26 and I think this severely impacted the service we received. 

We got to the restaurant 20 minutes before our reservation and were seated immediately, which was very nice. However, this was the nicest thing that happened all night. From there the service was inattentive and average at best. Regardless of our age, we paid ~400$ for this meal and I think that warrants great service. However, we watched as the wait staff fawned over an older man at the table next to us whereas we weren't even offered basic steakhouse politeness such as asking us to cut into our steaks to check it was cooked correctly (he was asked this). 

The food was good, but with poor service I did not feel as though it was worth the bill. The steak itself was good, but the sides were mediocre. We got the broccoli, mashed potatoes and french fries. I also got a cosmo which was very good, but overall I do not think I will be a returning customer. 

Oh and finally on their website they say if you celebrate your birthday with them you get a free dessert and that was never offered to us even though I made the reservation under "birthday".
Having had a lovely dining experience just a few months ago at the new (and beautifully appointed) Ruth's Chris, my husband and I were looking forward to another good meal there last night.  If a restaurant can be described as Jekyll and Hyde, this was it.  While I am generally loathe to write bad reviews, this experience was so personally offensive, that I am compelled to do so. Here goes:

We arrived a bit before our friends to a relatively empty restaurant but were told we could not be seated because our party was incomplete.  This rule never made any sense to me, and it certainly did not last night because virtually every table was free.  After expressing our desire to the hostess, the maître d' came and said he would make an "exception".  Our friends arrived within minutes. 

At that point, the hostess had to try three times to find an acceptable table. (That fiasco now seems miniscule given what followed.)  After a very, very, very  long wait for the sommelier, we ordered wine and then our meal: three salads; one with bacon on the side, one with dressing on the side.  The kitchen got that totally wrong. Main course: three steaks, one order of lamb chops.  One steak was completely overdone; the lamb chops completely underdone. We asked for no butter on one steak and the chops. Sure enough, they were drenched in butter.  After we pointed it out, the wait staff took the steak with butter, tried to scrape the butter off and then returned it to the table. As to the side dishes -- shoestring potatoes: cold and soggy;  same description for the broccoli.  But it doesn't end there. 

Our waiter, George (who, by the way, was delightful) was horrified at the food the kitchen sent out. He retrieved the two dishes that were not properly cooked.  In a simply unbelievable move, the maître d' came back with a "plate" and asked our friend if the steak he was carrying was now properly cooked.  Our friend replied that it did indeed look better, but why was it cut into 4 pieces which were sitting on their sides. Who would serve a steak this way?  We found out! The maître d' said, with a nasty, nasty snicker on his face, "it's the same steak"!  In other words, he was trying to goad us.  Restaurant chicanery? We confronted him, to which he responded, remarkably, "I'm sorry your taste does not fit our model."  Really? Is this the model that can't get salad orders correct, serves cold and soggy vegetables, raw and overcooked meat, and pays no attention to what their patrons order??? 

We so were so disgusted at this point, that we lost our appetites, and my husband walked out.  Remarkably, the maître d' basically assaulted him as he walked out, and tried to engage him in a physical confrontation. My husband, to his credit, worked to avoid this aggressive, déclassé and nasty man, and exited.  We all followed, including the waiter, who could not have been more apologetic. 

We will never go back to this place not only because of the inferior food, but because of the esteem, or lack there of, with which it views its patrons.  It is said that a good front of the house makes all the difference in the quality of a restaurant.  In this case,  the despicable front of the house has ensured that we will never dine there again.
Scum bag thieves.Steal 20 million from small business.You should be ashamed.Thanks for screwing family business who are trying to make a living.Go somewhere else.
This is more like 3.5 stars.

1. Came in without reservation.  I only needed to wait for about 5 minutes to be seated at 7:30-ish right before Monday Night Football

2. Took the waiter more than 5 min to hand me the menu.

3. After ordering, a plate of two WARM dinner rolls, butter, and a glass of ice water were served.  The butter melts inside the roll.  Maybe I was hungry, but they were good!  4/5

4. Petite Filet Mignon (8 oz) 3.5/5.  Medium rare does come up medium rare, but i found the middle not warm enough for me.  Both sauce (butter?) and the plate were hot.  I had to dip into the sauce to warm up the middle a little bit.  I suppose the sauce compensates it?

5. Brussel Sprouts with bacon and butter 3.5/5.  I ordered with regular butter instead of honey butter.  With the bacon bits, it was pretty good.  A decent veggie side.

I felt they were understaffed.  You definitely don't get enough attention from your waiter/waitress.
We had a team dinner here last week - there were 14 of us - so larger group.  As such, Ruth's Chris assigned two waitresses for our group.  The "lead" waitress was fine, but I was surprised at how aggressive the 2nd waitress was in pushing appetizers and sides.  She was adamant that we should get the seafood towers when one person mentioned he liked shrimp.  Beyond the obnoxiousness of a seafood tower, when he noted that it was too much to eat, she chastised him by responding, "Well, what about the rest of the table?  What if they want to eat it?"  To which his reply was, "Then go ask them."  And yes, someone did end up ordering the obnoxious tower - all to himself.

The food at Ruth's Chris is very good - there's no arguing that.  I got the bone-in NY strip - which was fantastic the first 10 minutes  of eating it.  However, because I prefer my steaks medium rare and the plates come out at 500 degrees, the steak continues to cook (albeit a little) as you make your way through  the steak.  The sides were  great (lobster mac & cheese, roasted brussels sprouts, creamed spinach, and potatoes au gratin) and on point just as you would expect at a better steakhouse.  Were it for food alone, Ruth's Chris is a solid 4-star rating.

However, service is  a big deal to me.  And when it's particularly bad, it spoils everything else - no matter how good the food may be.  As we were wrapping up our dinner, we each decided to have another round of drinks.  With a heavy sigh, our waitress (who  was the "2nd waitress noted above - the aggressive one), pointed out that she was cashing out and wanted to clean up our table ASAP.  After some awkward silence, I think she realized that another round of drinks for 10 people (at this point) would be a nice tip and suggested we order the drinks with her and once they arrive we could move to the bar.

Drinks come and she immediately points us into the direction of the bar.  We see a perfect spot for all of us and the server in the bar area asks, "What are you guys doing?"  We told him our waitress asked us to come out here so she could clean up the dining area.  The  server (he) was clearly exasperated by this response and to our complete disbelief says, "Well that helps her but doesn't help me at all does it?  Now I have to clean up after you guys."  We froze, we looked at each other and said out loud, "did he just say that?"  We asked, "what would you like us to do?  We each have full drinks and were just kicked out of the dining area."  Not to let his first response take the cake, he replied, "What I'd like to have happen is put all your drinks in a plastic cup so you can take it to your room so I don't have to clean up."  The bartender heard this last part and quickly came over to diffuse the situation.  He apologized and asked us to sit down and enjoy ourselves.  Truly a horrible customer experience - particularly to a team of CX designers!  I/We were completely surprised that we would find such poor experiences at a place like Ruth's Chris.
I really enjoyed it here. Awesome service, good food and healthy pour on the drinks. The waiters continued to compliment my beauty and tell my dinner companion how lucky he is so they obviously have 20/20 vision :) 
Good Time!
I went to the new Ruth's Chris for dinner. The decor is definitely not like the old RC, it's modern and sleek. The food also was not like the old RC. My Bf and I ordered the Caesar salad/ seared ahi tuna/ribeye/filet/potatoes augratin/ apple tart. All the food was very mediocre! The salad used bottled dressing, the tuna was extremely salty. The steaks were cooked to correct temperature but lacked flavor. The potatoes were sliced too thick and the apple tart tasted like a frozen one. In a foodie town like Philly RC has to step up their game. My bf had a Long Island ice tea and he said that was great. I guess I would go back for a drink but not for dinner.
So my daughter took me here for Mother's Day. First I will start off with it Is an extremely nice restaurant I mean beautiful  and the staff were very nice but that is where it stops. We ordered the crab cakes salmon lobster Mac n cheese spinach and crab fried rice and all three of us got extremely sick. We left around 230 and my first incident with the bathroom was 7  my oldest at 10 and my youngest daughter the next morning. We were throwing up both ways I had to go to the doctors to get some medicine for some relief  Will not be back maybe for drinks but not food
My most favorite Ruth Chris location ever.  

Pros:

Bottom of the Sonesta Philadelphia hotel my local jam
Bartenders are AMAZING very social, fun, witty &a skilled
Excellent food - excellent food!
Jordan Bin #245 best cab ever
Ambiance is happening 

Cons;

NOTHING 

Visit Ruth Chris in Philly on Market Street. 
You won't be sorry. Unless you're already a sorry case ;)
This was the Most expensive Restaurant ive every been too but its worth the money. I went here for a Special occasion for a Special someone. Be mindful its better to make reservations. If you're lucky you might be able to dine in at the bar or the lounge area. Well let's get to the point. The food and service was Great our Waiter was very friendly and helpful. The appetizer came out very fast the quality of the food was so good the steak was very buttery tender and delicious to salmon with the most tender piece of fish I ever had I will definitely come in again for a special occasion be prepared to spend money but it's worth it
It truly pains me to write this.  I've been a regular at Ruth's for 20 years.  I've always loved knowing that I can always count on Ruth's for consistency in excellence and service. I've darkened this Ruth's Chris twice to make sure it wasn't just a bad night. But the level of execution here just plain misses the mark.  I returned my steak which should have been rare - and came out scorched. 
My second steak was still over cooked and rather tough.
Everything was missing seasoning.  
This venue is beautiful and has soo much potential - but the food is lacking in the execution to warrant a third visit.
So it's a hot August night and there we were two of us dining fir the first time at this location. Anticipations were high. 
The decor was amazing and we were promptly seated to a private large booth. Omg that alone was a treat. 

We started with water. An amazing water from a bottle. Outstanding. I know I know it's just water. 
Then there was homemade bread that was out of this world. 
So we ordered the classics on the back. 
Ribeye medium well mashed potatoes salad and desert.
Filet with lobster tail and cauliflower Augratin
The food was delicious cooked right flavored right and just simply delicious. 
My wife said its the best lobster she ever had. I thoroughly enjoyed all 16 ounces of ribeye. 
Desert was a key lime cheesecake with dark almond chocolate bark. 
Can't say enough about all of it. 
Our server George was outstanding in so many levels. Ask for him by name if you go. He is simply outstanding as is the management staff.  
Outstanding experience 
Outstanding food 
Outstanding libations 
Outstanding service.
Went here for dinner back in February.  Food was delicious, service was very good.  However, upon reviewing my credit card statement I noticed two charges from the same night; one for the pre-tip amount one for the total.  I called to get it rectified and was told it was a result of switching credit card processing companies and it was being taken care of.  I just reviewed my new latest credit card statement and the 'credit' they process came through as another charge!  If you use your credit card here you might want to double check the billing.

Update - returned this summer with gift card GM gave us.  Food was great as usual and no double billing this time.  Upped rating to 4 stars overall.   Going back this weekend for anniversary dinner, hopefully all goes well.
Well after waiting an hour for our dinner, they somewhat redeemed themselves because the steak and lobster tail here tastes simply fantastic, as I've grown accustomed to from this chain of steakhouses (see my post about the one in DC on 9th st where we held our wedding and where we had a phenomenal experience). That being said, our original steaks came out completely cooked through, as opposed to the medium rare and medium that we ordered (the waiter even tried to tell my wife that her gray steak was actually medium rare,  BWAHAHAHA), and when they took them back, it was at least a half hour until we got the new meals and by that time it was easily after 10pm and we weren't even feeling as hungry because eating our salads and accompaniments without our entrees had already sent the signal to our stomachs and it was too late. We were treating ourselves tonight, having spent so much for our wedding dinner at Ruth's that we had a number of gift cards through their summer promotion ($50 for every $500 spent), and so I have to say that this was a rather disappointing way to use those gift cards. As is, the dinner still cost us a bit out of pocket above and beyond the gift cards, and one would have thought they would have comped a round of drinks for us after waiting so long and having our initial meals messed up. 

I should also add that we were seated near the bar for some reason, away from the main dining room, where it was a bit bright and not exactly the romantic steakhouse experience we had hoped for tonight.
We were very much looking forward to the new Ruth's. What a disappointment last night was. We were seated in very back. Took forever for our very slow waiter to traverse the room to bring water, drinks,etc. Sat for at least 20 minutes before our waiter found time to take our drink order. Another 20 to take dinner order. 
Crab avocado stack was very good. Steaks were disappointing. No sizzle. Bland meat. Shrimp adder tasted like supermarket shrimp. No seasoning. Dried out. 
Corn was mushy, shoestring fries soggy and lukewarm. 
They need to step it up. The new location alone isn't going to carry them against the steep competition.  Will quickly become a hotel restaurant.
Restaurant, yes! Parking garage next door, hell no. During my most recent visit, we waited 30 mins for our car. The garage attendants were unorganized as hell. Many of us were not pleased.  Park somewhere else or take Uber.
Stopped in last night around 9:15 for a late meal after the Sixers game. We ate at the bar and both bartenders were excellent-friendly and accommodating. The decor was sophisticated yet relaxed and comfortable. Great jazz playing in the background. 

I ordered the NY Strip medium and the roasted corn.  Both were A-MAZ-ING!!! Ruth's Cris makes THE best steaks hands down. They are always flavorful and cooked to perfection. The roasted corn was perfect. The crab stack was fresh and vibrant with huge chunks of jumbo lump crab meat. We thought that by coming late the service or food might be spotty. That couldn't be further from the truth. We will be back to this Ruth's Cris for sure.
Disappointing atmosphere was loud, definitely a place for drinking. Service was slow & my side was cold. The entree was good and hot but a bit pricey.
Not to bad, not the best for Ruth's Chris.
Hostess was little rude seemed as if she did not want to seat a guest until her personal conversation finished. Food was okay but that's all.
Place was empty and they sat us next to 4 top did not space out the tables sat us all on top of each other. I'll try some place different next time.
Cheers
Updated:  while my first experience wasn't up to par, the joviality of the bartender brought me back to give things another try.  The second time around my steak was cooked closer to my order (medium well on an order of medium) which was greatly appreciated.  I tried the lobster Mac n cheese this time around and it was tasty, though obvious the cold lobster was added to a warm plate and not heated.  I've upgraded my rating from one stars to three because the staff is clearly awesome even if the kitchen needs some improvement.  I'm unlikely to return for round three but hopefully the kitchen improves for those who follow.  

Original review:
Monday night traveling on business ... Dinner for one in a quiet restaurant.  First off - the bartender (Gary) is a riot and very friendly but wasn't my server unfortunately.  

Beyond that, an (almost) uniformly miserable experience - especially for an upscale steakhouse.  The lobster bisque had ... Some form of fish-like substance in it that more resembled flounder (grainy ... almost gritty) than anything like shellfish.  The flavor was ok, but bland.  I've had much, much better.  The stale bread I'll forgive for it being an hour before close on a Monday and I was dipping it in the bisque anyhow so no biggie.  

What confuses me though is how a place like Ruth's Chris can miss so badly on cooking a steak.  Ordered medium, got full-on rare with a lukewarm center.  I cook plenty of my own steak so I'm very aware of the difference.  I know steak cooks a bit more after it comes off the grill/oven. This wasn't even close.  After I found my waiter they took my steak in a fluster and cooked it up more ... Which means yes, I have a medium-well steak now with a charred and burned outside.  The manager insisted on bringing a new one...which came out even more rare than the first.  She had the audacity to suggest I cut it in half and use my hot plate (they bring steak on sizzling-hot plates) to finish cooking my own food.  I stuck with my charred filet over that.  

By the time they re-cooked my steak of course my side dish was cold so they went and got a new one of those...sigh. 

They wound up not charging me for most of my meal which was nice of them, but I'd have happily paid for what I intended to have.

A saving grace...the strawberries in sweet cream were quite good.
I'd say 4 1/2 bumped up to 5 since the BOMB steak far outweighed any shortcomings (which were slight).

Came on Saturday night for date night - definitely glad I made a reservation early in the week as the place was packed.  Wish I knew about those romantic, plushy & private booths, but maybe for next time I'll request one of those.  Ambiance is way better than the previous one on Broad Street (which seemed outdated and cramped).  This location offers several different dining spaces, all lit and decorated differently.  Very trendy and classy.  Nice bar up front.  Hostess booth is a little awkwardly placed and there's nowhere to sit around it.  We were seated in the big dining room straight back in a corner booth (white plushy seats with great lumbar support).  Lighting felt a wee bit strip club, but still fancy (hoe, but make it fashion).

Our server, Federico, was wonderful.  Very friendly and informative without being intrusive or neglectful - just right.  We started with a bottle of Malbec (great wine selection) and the ahi tuna appetizer (deliciously fresh and paired with a delightful spicy mustard sauce and pickled veggies).  Classic steakhouse rolls and butter is always a nice touch.  Still wishing I got a salad, but I wanted to leave room for the meat.

For entrees, we each ordered the New York Strip (bone-in), medium rare.  Bone-in is pricier, but WORTH it for the flavor it imparts.  Steaks came out, as I always remembered and loved, sizzling hot and pooled in butter.  Both were cooked to the perfect medium rare and the gristle near the bone was decadent.  It was a 19 oz. steak and I ate the entire thing - SO good.  Federico commented that he was happy we finished it and didn't need doggie bags, as I imagine that happens a lot.

For a la carte, shareable sides to go with our steaks, we got an order of the garlic mashed potatoes and the grilled asparagus.  Those mashed potatoes were heavenly - I think I ate more than my allotted half.  Asparagus was just okay.  They were too stringy, so I feel they could have been cooked more.  Plus they were kind of under-seasoned and the hollandaise sauce wasn't drizzled on them, but rather, in a side bowl for dipping.  However, the sauce was more the consistency of butter, so a little weird to eat overall.

I'm usually not crazy about steakhouse desserts, but they had a nice offering (plus specials of the day which included a banana cream pie).  I opted for the apple crumb tart and was kind of underwhelmed with that.  Mad I didn't go with my boyfriend's choice of the molten chocolate cake.  The apple filling and crumb on top was delicious, but the tart shell on the outside was way underdone and doughy.  Don't get me wrong, it was MASSIVE, piping hot and had a nice plop of vanilla bean ice cream on top, so I was happy.  But I've had far better elsewhere.

Overall, if you stick to a bottle of wine with a nice salad, steak and potato, you'll be set.  Anything else is just filler.  Will be back if my budget allows!
Okay- all the people with the crappy reviews are likely the same people we saw complaining last night for ridiculous reasons... 

Had a phenomenal meal here!! Came for my fiancé's bday. Bartenders were so nice when we had pre dinner cocktails. 

The manager sat us and was also SUPER nice. We ordered a bottle of Kim Crawford Sav Blanc which they were out of however the Server recommended a different brand and then compt it because they didn't have our original- so nice.

Okay the steaks delic! My filet was one of the best I've ever had. Just the right amount of seasoning and a perfect medium rare. My finance had the one in strip and literally ate every last bite. Both of our salads - wedge and Caesar were so good and the crab stack app was SO good!

Also- they sat us in this cute little semi private booth which was great!
I went here sometime last week expecting a steak like I once had from Wolfgangs. Well, what a mistake! 
My girlfriend and I walk in and it was very elegant looking and seemed to be high class type of restaurant. Like, I said, I really like steak. I had wanted to go to another steakhouse other than Wolfgangs because there aren't any by where I live. 

The Porterhouse for 2 is $90, 40 oz. I heard 40 oz and said to myself, "That's should be plenty for 2." I also enjoy calamari. So we got the Porterhouse for 2 and the calamari thinking this steak and fish side is going to be huge and plenty for us. 

Well, we ordered it Medium Well and it was Rare. The calamari had fruit in it. I'm not sure what this place thinks a Porterhouse for 2 is. There is just no way it was 40 oz because my girlfriend and I could've had 2 each. My question is, how big is a regular Porterhouse? How much does it weigh? When someone orders a steak you shouldn't have to send it back. I don't have a problem spending money, I just don't like being ripped off. If you say you're a high end steakhouse, 1) you should be able to cook it properly and 2) it should be 40 oz. Again, this steak couldn't have been 40 oz because I know I can't eat almost 3 lb of meat and neither could my girlfriend.

I will attach a picture. It does look like a lot, but there is no way this is for 2 adults. I am never going to Ruth's Steakhouse in Philadelphia again. 

Joe, from New Jersey.
I ate here on August 3 and was very disappointed.  Our waiter was very attentive in the beginning, however he disappeared after we took our order. He also was pushing for add-ons of shrimp and crab to our already expensive steaks which I found rude.  I went here with a friend.  We both ordered the petite filets, mine medium well and my friend's well done.  We also got Brussel sprouts and sweet potato casserole to share as well as two wedge salads. My steak showed up rare and was not appetizing.  We had to flag down a manager as the waiter was no where to be found.  The manager took care of us and had the steak cooked longer but a steak cooked twice just doesn't taste the same.  The waiter brought us mini desserts (barely a sliver some cheesecake) as an apology I guess.  

This may have been summer help, but a very disappointing experience at a very expensive chain restaurant.  We have dined here in the past and the service was outstanding.  The past 2 times it has not been good.  It seems like they are going downhill.  We won't be returning.

So glad there are tons of places to get a good steak in Philly!
Amazing!!!! I've been to many steak houses and many nicer restaurants downtown, but I had such a great experience here. I came here Friday night after seeing a show at the academy of music.

We made reservations, but surprisingly there was no wait anyway. The waiters were attentive and kind. We were seated at a large comfortable booth even though it was just two of us. The seating is nice because it allows both people to look out into the restaurant.

I had the sea bass. Amazing! It melts in your mouth. As an appetizer we had the spicy shrimp. It reminded me of bang bang shrimp, but with much better ingredients. It was very well made.

I love Apple pie and ice cream. Their apple tart dessert hit the spot! A right amount of flaky and sweet and they serve my fav ice cream. Haagen Daz!
I like to stop in occasionally for happy hour as they have a nice selection of cocktails and meals at happy hour. My last time in I ordered the crab beignets but upon cutting into one saw it was filled with raw onion and chives. As someone that doesn't like onions (especially raw) I didn't end up eating them. The manager stopped by to ask how I liked the beignets, I was honest in saying I didn't realize they would have the raw onion (they don't list that on the menu) so I didn't eat them. He responded saying it wasn't that much onion which was a really strange response.

He asked if I'd like something else (appreciate that) and I said no thank you. I asked for the check and the beignets were still on there. It's a pet peeve of mine to charge for something that wasn't eaten, especially if asked how I enjoyed it. It's disappointing as I liked stopping in here as it's close to my apartment  but probably will choose a different spot in the future.
Had lunch here and was pleasantly surprised by the burger.  I know I shouldn't as their fare is consistently good at dinner.  The service was excellent and the burger was cooked to order.  The blue cheese topping was crusted to perfection.
My first experience at a Ruth's Chris location was in Niagara Falls and it was a 5 star dining experience. I hoped to repeat the experience here, but had an awkward and uncomfortable time thanks to my server. She spent most of the time ignoring us and the rest being condescending.  The little time she spent at our table included mentioning prices & suggesting we split items.  The BULK of her time was spent pandering to the couple at the table across from ours. Meanwhile, our empty glasses sat as she neglected our table. The rest of the staff was great. The manager John tried to fix the situation, but it was too late. The food was bland. Dining out is about so much more than food. It's  about the experience - the atmosphere.  I expected more from a restaurant of this caliber.
I love Ruth Chris and often go to them around the country. This one was terrible today. The bartender literally would not make eye contact with me and I was 1/3 people at the bar. Then the bar staff would pull out there phones and watch videos, text. Then they had some snacks. I had to ask someone other than the bartender to give me a food menu after sitting there for 20+ mins. My app was good my steak was mediocre at best. For a restaurant that prides themselves on great steaks and a high end dining experience, I was disgusted. Never again.
This was a very unenjoyable meal.  We used to enjoy the old Ruth's Chris next tot he Academy and would be there on a consistent and regular basis.  The room is really stunning and it is nicer than the attached Sonesta hotel.  It is a bit obtuse getting there from he hotel as you pass screaming  an unparented kids in the Hotel lobby.  The 18th street entrance is much nicer but its an odd location by foot and in a very business/financial section of CC.  
    The bar was helpful and very casual but it took forever to get a drink as the Bar tenders were taking to each other and there were only 2 couples at the bar.  Not much of a wine list 
by the glass.  My DP had a champagne that was flat and nothing special they poured a second glass of a prosecco that was mediocre.  
   On to the food.  The BBQ Shrimp were terrible.  Nothing like the gigantic tasty crustaceans the the old place used to make.  The sauce had no tomato or BBQ flavor ad tasted like butter and cream.  The Crabcakes were swimming in butter.  The steaks and actually I liked in the past the "Hold your Napkins over your shirt sizzle protection" was not there and less so was the Flavor.  Heavy on the Seasoning and not a very good piece of meat.  It lacked the mineral and marbleization that I love in a great steak and it was not Med rare it was Medium. 
My DP wanted Lobster but they only had very small tails...No Lobster Tanks.....
The Seared Ahi Tuna was great and I'm giving two stars for that and the Amazing Fries and 
dipping sauces......I think Shiitake, truffle and Honey something.  Very good.  I would prefer just really great Truffle parm fries but these were excellent.  We also had a Lobster Mac and 
cheese that was lacking flavor and heavily buttered and needed seasoning.  Maybe 
I would try again as it looks like a cool spot to grab a drink and a bite but in my opinion I would rather go to Del Frisco's, Prime Rib, Palm, Barclay, Butcher and Singer and others.  
Oh and the service was odd.  A real disconnect between server and helper.  sometimes 
pushy  and intrusive "What no salad tonight" and other times invisible.  I guess they are new to this spot so I will try in a few months.
Came here with my husband the night before 4th of July since we wanted steaks, but didn't feel like grilling (lol). For a chain restaurant, we enjoyed our ourselves. 

The service was great and they were really friendly! I ordered the petit filet (oscar style - go for it) and my husband ordered the ribeye I believe - both were great and cooked perfectly. We also had the veal osso buco ravioli and we split the mushrooms as our side. We ended with dessert - creme brûlée and the white chocolate bread pudding. We loved everything and would definitely come back!
It's definitely different from its old locale. It is an upgrade! The white bar is sleek but the layout is terrible. The bar area is very tight. The comic book art is urban and pop culture. When you get into the dinning room it's more a mature steakhouse. The fireplace is a nice touch! Now as for the food, we had the seared ahi tuna which was really good and a nice lite starter. After that we had salad, the wedge and the fresh mozzarella & kumato salad, both were good. The wedge needed more dressing and I had blue cheese dressing on mine. The kumato is similar to a caprese. Then we moved on to a petite filet for the lady at a MR temp and I had the  ribeye MR as well. The steaks took what seemed like forever and my wife's was over cooked. No biggie they sent out a new one and it was perfectly cooked. My ribeye was a bit more fatty than usual for a ribeye but all in all it was a good steak. Now my problem lies with service and over all quality. I feel like I am at a cookie cutter steak house with mediocre ingredients. I know its Ruth Chris and it's a chain but I was hoping due to the change of look and change in menu that that would bring better quality. My server was nice but knew nothing about the steaks. Couldn't tell me where they were from or anything about the meat itself. It seems there was a bit of chaos in the restaurant that evening since everyone seems not in place. BUT our bartender Durand was awesome when we had drinks before we sat. He was the only bartender out of 3 to actually acknowledge us. We sat there for a few before anyone made eye contact. His warmth and care made up for a rocky experience. They are new to the location and upgrade so I have full faith that they will get better and better! They do have a great happy hour!
I had dinner at the new Ruth's Chris their first week at the new location.  The service was great,  but thats all that was. I had a reservation for dinner,  but the hostess tried to seat us in the bar room which is not a nice space for dinner.  After I insisted on a table in the dining room, I ordered a bottle of wine off their wine list,  a 2012 Malbec. She brought out the wine opened it and poured.  It was a few minutes later that I realized the wine was a 2015 vintage.  I went to use the men's room during the meal.  This was a strange and uncomfortable experience.  I waited in the hallway where the restrooms were,  a homeless looking thug approached the busboy and they were hanging out in the hallway.  I waited several minutes for one of the single person restrooms to become available.  At about the same time each bathroom door opened and 2 other busboys came out and stayed in the hallway,  it made me uncomfortable.  Although our server was great,  the food was just ok and I definitely would not come back here.  I called the manager the next day to tell him about the wine and the bathroom hang out situation,  he said he would "Take care of me" next time I come in.  Well there will not be a next time.  There are much better choices in the city for a good steakhouse.  I have always had great steaks at "The Saloon" in South Philly,  they even had free parking on site
Garbage big chain restaurant steals federal aid from small businesses. Dont eat here. Go support small business
The food hands down is always the best! Our office orders lunch from here often and the petit filet is always cooked to the requested temperature, the perfect size for a lunch portion! The jumbo cocktail shrimp are huge and an order Comes with four shrimp which is enough to fill you up in itself! 
The rolls are always an office favorite and we are always lucky enough to get them still warm and soft and the whipped butter A+
My complaint here is that the hostess(es) that answers the phone and the bartender(s) at pick up are very unfriendly and abrupt! I'm shocked that spending a couple of hundred dollars and they literally have to say hi and be pleasant while handing me the food is so difficult! It's easy money- you have to literally transact with me for 5 minutes. Just be nice! We've order several times here so it's consistent in their indifference, regardless of who in our office picks up the order. 
My colleague refuses to dine here for this reason, but the food keeps me coming back! The food is always excellent.  This last time, the experience was what it should have been and I wishing all my interactions were like this!
Our team wanted to host a business dinner here when it first opened (just to add a different restaurant into the rotation) but unfortunately found the meeting place was not conservative for our clients. The artwork was probably more suitable for a bar than a place that both woman and men could meet comfortably.
I frequent Ruth Chris bc it is across the street from my office. Some of the aspects I like are a semi private area where the noise is at a minimum. The steaks I've had are always very good. But I was disappointed this time. Service was very slow. Too slow for a business lunch. Lunch took an hour and 35 minutes and we weren't lingering.   I had to get up and search for someone three times to keep us moving on lunch   Excuse given by a waiter was a  large party of 20 got ahead of us. 

My expectations are that they can manage a group of 20 and still serve the rest of customers. This was not the case. I'm not sure I can go back if I have to take over an hour and a half for lunch. There are other steakhouses in Philadelphia
I highly recommend this steakhouse! We were staying at the Sonesta hotel and this restaurant was in the lobby. We ordered a shrimp cocktail, steak, mushrooms and caesar salad to go as we wanted to watch the football game in our room. I'm SO glad I decided to order one and split it as it would have been too much food otherwise. A tad pricey but worth every penny!!!
This Ruth's Chris just opened about a week or two ago and boy is Ruth's Chris enhancing the corner of 18th and Market! 

First, the facelift done to the storefront awning looks great along with the interior. The front of the restaurant is more casual and looks like they are using it for meal before 6pm with white furniture, chandelier, and a small fireplace. While the back, I assume is for dinner since is was more cozy and everything looks more suede, also there's a wine room that leads to the dining room.

On to the food, I had the pre-fixed menu which was about $55, came with a soup or salad, an entree, and dessert. I chose the corn chowder, which was pretty good. For the entree, I chose the lobster tail and 6 oz filet, both were delicious, flavorful, and cooked to the correct temperature. It was a perfect portion. The dessert, which was chose by the chef was a cross between a cheesecake and a panna cotta. A nice sweet with hints of sour cake, but also very rich. 

Service was great, it was Father's Day and everyone who saw my dad said "Happy Father's Day." Damon, our server was attentive and friendly. Overall, great experience, food, and ambience. Down a star, because it is a little pricy but the price is very similar to other steakhouses.
Ordered ribeye, lobster mac and cheese, and creamed spinach.. food came out hot and timely manner

Decor and ambiance is nice... they have private tables with curtains that close up thats perfect for date night 

Service was great

My ONLY complaint is the presentation for their steaks.. the plates were messy on the sides and i feel like it should be cleaned up before handing to a customer.. i seen prev pics prior to coming in that had the same presentation.

I called and spoke to someone and asked if thats how all their plates looked and the guy said what happens to the plate after its handed to the customer is not a representation of how it may have looked before.. I wanted to be sure before making my reservations because it was for a special occasion so i wanted it to be perfect.

I SWEAR my plate came to me messy because i was curious to see if the prev yelp reviewers were just messy eater or if its a restaurant issue.. maybe the juices were splashing around in the plate while they were brought to us 

A star off for the presentation
My Soror and I had lunch here during the Kappa Alpha Psi Fraternity's Conclave and it was delicious! We order the seafood tower which consisted of Lobster, shrimp, king crab legs and jumbo lump crab meat. It came with an assortment of sauces and it was served chilled. I also had a fantastic martini that came with a spring of rosemary and it was quite fragrant, yet delightful! I had to ask for a bowl to put our shells in, hence the 4 stars.
Came in for the lunar new year celebration,however, after telling the hostess that we had a reservation, She showed us a disbelief face, seems like we couldn't have afforded the dinner? Without greeting us, on the way to our seats we could only see her rolling eyes.  I was wondering how this restaurant offers this rude and ridiculous hostess a job.  
Food quality is really disappointing given the high price tag. 
Overall 3 stars for the food and one star for their hostess and waiter. I won't  come back and can't recommend it.
One Monday night I was out with a friend for a cigar event in the city. After the event we decided to grab something to eat and made our way into Ruth's Chris. When we arrived, we were greeted by the hostesses and asked if we had a reservation. We did not and even though It was bustling for a Monday night but we were accommodated with a table. It was not long after we sat down that we were approached by our server Niki and her assistant John. Niki took our drink orders and John followed with pouring water and brining us hot bread. Once are drinks arrived, Niki asked if we had any questions about the menu. We did not so we placed our dinner orders and ordered a bottle of wine. I ordered lamb chops and my friend had a filet. Both meats were cooked perfectly and tasted great. We also had an order of cremini mushrooms which were just excellent. Throughout the dinner, Niki and John made sure that everything was great until the time we left. 

    This is a new location for Ruth's Chris in Philadelphia and it has turned out amazing. The atmosphere is upscale and the decor is pristine. For being as busy as the restaurant was, it was one of the quietest places I have ever eaten. We sat in the room with the wine wall behind us and while there were other parties in the room it was a quiet atmosphere. Overall, our service was excellent, the food was great, and the atmosphere was unlike most in the city.
Been here twice. Once for date night in a booth, the other guys Christmas dinner in board room. Both times service and food/drinks were exceptional. Cowboy ribeye was charred and juicy. Paired well with frank family Cabernet.
JENNYYYY! My girl! Thank you so much for your customer service (I don't even want to call it that because it felt like we were friends in the moment I got to talk to you)  you saw the type of day I was having and immediately poured me a glass of wine even though you're not a server. You cleaned a table off and gave me my own personal space even though that again is not in your job description. I hope the manager sees this and gives you a raise, a promotion, or both. Thank you so much. I'll be calling also to compliment your service. As far as the food is concerned, it was great. The steak is like butter and melts in your mouth. They offer an affordable option for those who are trying to be frugal that allows 3 course for 45.95. Never a bad option to go with. You can make substitutions but of course it will cost you. They have a great happy hour menu so I will be back go see how that is.
Ok so let's be real... 
when you hear about the new Ruth Chris down center city you can't help but to be excited! I use to visit the on on broad street MANY TIMES! So I decided to give it a visit. Went in on a Saturday evening (8:30pm)
Love the design and the layout. The booths look fab!  Now about the dinner/service. 
We were sat really fast. However once being sat me and my guest literally waited 10min for anyone to even recognize us. (The bus man did bring us water.) Norman was shadowing (in training) the server we were due to have. NORMAN was GREAT! Personality & all! He acknowledged that we were not greeted and took charge for the server he was shadowing. We never saw him again after he took our order. (Maybe he went home?) However our main server was dull, literally. Didn't even ask how the food was..We tipped 20% but to be honest...not even worth that. Sorry :/

When you are paying over $50 for any plate, one does not expect to run into issues. I sent my steak back twice:( I just gave up so I never even had steak. Long story short, I had mash and creamy spinach. Dessert was great! (on the house) I got crem brûlée .

Manager was great. Tried to turn the visit around. He did his best and I am grateful!
Let me start with the good...consistently great service.  Waiter was great as was the others in the front of house.  
The bad...the steaks.  Yes the steaks!  Absolutely terrible.  Over cooked to death and dry, and they actually served them to my wife and I.  This is the third time coming to this location. The first was the best ever.  The second was bad, steak again.  I thought it must have been a bad day.  Now yesterday was as bad as the first time was good.  I'm done with Ruthlessly bad Chris steaks
A decidedly average experience.  The new decor is really stylish and the steak was okay but there were some  negatives.  The server was very inattentive.  My drink glass sat empty the whole night and he never came back to see if I wanted another cocktail.  My lobster mac and cheese side was terrible!  It tasted like they made it with Velveeta and the lobster was overcooked.  My steak was undercooked.  I ordered medium and it was very very rare.  The Oscar topping was good.

There are many better steakhouses in the city.  We only chose this because our guests wanted steak and this was the only place in the city that wasn't fully booked on such short notice (and now I know why!).
With being new to the Philadelphia area starting work at one of the larger hospitals, I met the Hostess Lioba outside of the establishment and recommended that I make a reservation to enjoy an evening meal with fellow coworkers.  Let me just say the experience was superb, our party was welcomed and seated immediately next to the infinity fireplace wall decor.  Lioba proceeded to introduce the wait staff who would be assigned to our party and stated if there was anything she or the staff could do please don't hesitate to ask.  Eric was our server, he suggested  nice  pairings to compliment our meal. The entire party chose the filet with broiled shrimp, strawberry blue cheese pecan mixed greens and various sides from the sweet potato casserole, to creamed spinach and parmesan cauliflower au gratin!  All were prepared to perfection!  As the meal proceeded our party was also visited by the Maître d' to  assure we were enjoying ourself and told us if we would like to see the rest of the establishment please let us know.  Eric didn't miss a beat , and we was shocked to hear this site just opened in June; you would have never known flawless.  Our party had the pleasant surprise of enjoying a complimentary dessert. Oh my decisions , decisions; we chose the crème brûlée and warm apple tart!  No disappointment here! Bon appétit.
I ve had better steaks and service at Ocean prime. This place though pretty new was dirty. The bar has a toilet bowl smell which was really fowl which they tried to cover up with a glade plug in so my grey goose martini tasted like fresh linen and diarrhea at the same time. Then when the hostess at the front desk approached me and my girlfriend she smelled like she just downed a hamburger and when she handed me a greasy menu with her fingerprints all over it I was convinced she had just finished her meal. I think her name was lioby or something but her pointless conversation and asking me personal questions were uncalled for. Then lets get to the server Kyle. I asked him for suggestions and he treated me like I was annoying. He was more concerned about his Caucasian tables. He just gave me and my girl an attitude all night. My drinks were empty and he never asked me once if I wanted refills. The food was ok but the staff seems like they were all hired from Fridays or Applebees. This place is a joke.
I frequent Ruth Chris bc it is across the street from my office. Some of the aspects I like are a semi private area where the noise is at a minimum. The steaks I've had are always very good. But I was disappointed this time. Service was very slow. Too slow for a business lunch. Lunch took an hour and 35 minutes and we weren't lingering.   I had to get up and search for someone three times to keep us moving on lunch   Excuse given by a waiter was a  large party of 20 got ahead of us. 

My expectations are that they can manage a group of 20 and still serve the rest of customers. This was not the case. I'm not sure I can go back if I have to take over an hour and a half for lunch. There are other steakhouses in Philadelphia
We chose to spend our 5year anniversary at the Market St location.   All I asked was if we could have this cute booth I saw online that was secluded by the wine bottle wall. They said they would do their best but it was a busy night (totally understandable). Not only did they make sure we had the booth; our table was covered in rose petals with an Anniversary card waiting for us!!! Valentino was our server - so very sweet the entire evening. Actually all of the staff we encountered were so professional and so kind! After dinner they even brought us a Happy Anniversary dessert. 

 we love steak houses & always try new ones in our travels. This by far was the best food and best experience we've had!! Well worth it!
So this was my first time there, I decided to host my birthday dinner party there. The service was really bad not even going to lie. The service at the bar was way better than the service in the actual restaurant. Our waiter was nice granted that but he was so slow and just seemed to be all over the place. I don't even remember his name because he didn't even tell us what his name was. My steak was amazing and juicy but the mashed potato seemed a little dry and our desert was BLAH. I loved the food but I wouldn't do there again simply because of the service there.
Went on a Friday evening and the place is very nice! What an upgrade from the old Broad St location. Food is the Norm and very good. They have more specials on the menu then before which my wife liked. Service was ok! Waiter was good but he had a hard time locating the wine I ordered and the was slow in returning to table for follow up. Overall a nice location as its right down the st from Rittenhouse Sq.
Ruth's Chris is one of my favorite restaurants and I've visited several around the country, but the one in Philly is my favorite. The service, atmosphere, and food is outstanding. The ribeye is a must, as well as the potatoes au gratin. It's not cheap, but you definitely get what you pay for.
$9.75 for french fries at lunch?  What more can I say?
Went here for our Anniversary. When we arrived we were greeted with rose pedals and a romantic atmosphere. The service and food was excellent. The steak and lobster were like butter. The sides were huge. The sweet potato casserole was AWESOME!!!! I would highly recommend this to anyone who is looking to have a romantic night out. It's expensive, but worth the price.
We had an excellent brunch at Ruth's Chris Steak House this morning. Our server, Noah, was excellent. He was so personable and enjoyable to speak to. Our food was fantastic, I am sad to hear that not many people frequent Ruth's Chris for brunch because the food was so spectacular. Thank you to Ruth's Chris and Noah for providing us with excellent food and service this morning!
Monday night traveling on business ... Dinner for one in a quiet restaurant.  First off - the bartender (Gary) is a riot and very friendly but wasn't my server unfortunately.  

Beyond that, an (almost) uniformly miserable experience - especially for an upscale steakhouse.  The lobster bisque had ... Some form of fish-like substance in it that more resembled flounder (grainy ... almost gritty) than anything like shellfish.  The flavor was ok, but bland.  I've had much, much better.  The stale bread I'll forgive for it being an hour before close on a Monday and I was dipping it in the bisque anyhow so no biggie.  

What confuses me though is how a place like Ruth's Chris can miss so badly on cooking a steak.  Ordered medium, got full-on rare with a lukewarm center.  I cook plenty of my own steak so I'm very aware of the difference.  I know steak cooks a bit more after it comes off the grill/oven. This wasn't even close.  After I found my waiter they took my steak in a fluster and cooked it up more ... Which means yes, I have a medium-well steak now with a charred and burned outside.  The manager insisted on bringing a new one...which came out even more rare than the first.  She had the audacity to suggest I cut it in half and use my hot plate (they bring steak on sizzling-hot plates) to finish cooking my own food.  I stuck with my charred filet over that.  

By the time they re-cooked my steak of course my side dish was cold so they went and got a new one of those...sigh. 

They wound up not charging me for most of my meal which was nice of them, but I'd have happily paid for what I intended to have.

A saving grace...the strawberries in sweet cream were quite good.
Stay for the drinks but do not eat the food! I ordered the lobster mac and cheese, and it tasted very bland. It wasn't very cheesy at all. It just tasted like a bunch of cooked noodles mixed in with a few pieces of lobster. The service was great and the bartenders were all very sweet. But about 12 hours after eating I became violently sick! I thought I might miss my flight because of that disgusting meal. Thanks a lot, Ruth's Chris!
The food was amazing! 

However, the guy at the front who greeted us wasn't the best. We came in off the street without a reservation, and we are young (23). When we were greeted we were told we could only sit at the bar, and no tables in the dining room were open at all, so we left. The part that was frustrating was when we opened the OpenTable app and saw there was an open reservation available in 10 minutes. So, we walked out of the door at 5:05, came back in 10 minutes for the reservation that we immediately booked online. 

It would have been nice for the person at the front to inform us that all we needed was to make a reservation quickly online, or check to see if there was any openings. It was also frustrating because the dining room was empty the entire time we were there. I honestly feel it was because we looked young that the host didn't want to serve us. 

TL;DR always make a reservation because they won't be accommodating if you do not, even if it's slow.
I hadn't been to Ruth Chris in years & now I hv a reason to add it to my list of places to revisit. I wasn't super hungry when I popped in. We ordered light, crab fried rice, chicken, Mac & cheese and veggies to share. The food took an awful long time to come out but it was really good. It wasn't crowded and the atmosphere was nice and chill. I'd definitely return.
EDIT-- Upped our review since their GM actually got back to him. GM asked him to come in and gave him a gift card. The original refund apparently never went through and one of the managers just never followed up, their GM handled it and should be seeing the refund soon. 

My boyfriend and I came here for my birthday dinner a week ago, the food was phenomenal and so was there service while we were there. The reason for my 1 star review is the fact that we gave a cash tip and then they charged that amount ON TOP of our bill and my boyfriend didnt see that because it was only on his card statements. He called and they said theyd get him a refund. Nothing. He called again and they said it should go through by Wednesday. We waited til Friday and still nothing. He calls once again only for the manager to say he'll get back to him. Safe to say we'll be going to the KOP steakhouse next time.
My sister and I went to Ruth Chris for dinner.  She made reservations for 5pm.  It is very annoying that even though you make a reservation you receive an e mail to confirm and a phone call to reconfirmed.  We arrived to the restaurant at 440 pm and found we could not enter the establishment despite the fact they open at 430.  In order for us to get in we had to go to another restaurant not affiliated with Ruth Chris and enter that way.  When we brought this to the hostess attention it was met with indifference and I know.   Next we were kept waiting at the hostess station while she fielded a phone call.  I was always taught that you handle the customer who is in front of you.  The menu was not all that impressive .  We have been there a few times prior to shows.  Usually their theater menu is ok but not this time.  Their choice of fish was substandard and my sister did not want meat.  Of course there was no substitutions.    There are other restaurants around the area that we will choose next time.  Save your money and go somewhere else
Omg I love this place. I ordered the ribeye and my wife had lobster/sirloin. The waiter Kyle knew his stuff and checked on us constantly. The food was delicious except the lyonnaise potatoes, they were drenched in butter. I probably had a few and sent them back.
My lovely girlfriend took me here for my birthday photoshoot / steaksual assault. Normally i joke around and write over emphasised nonsensical ramblings but my honest experience was nothing short of perfect. 
Seated immediately. Attended to by the staff at perfect pace. Server made great recommendations. Intimate atmosphere. Professional presentation of our wine. AND THE FOOD?!.... Fantastic. A journey through the senses unmatched by any culinary and erotic encounter a man may discover. I felt my spirit ascend from my body as I hovered above myself in the astral plane.  Gazing at such a divine display of beef, my soul entwined lover and I sensually discovered the truest expression of love; that God might be so great that he gave man steak and and sent angles to the kitchen of Ruth's Chris to proclaim its glories. 
Would recommend.
I have avoided Ruth's Chris ever since a lackluster Restaurant Week meal at the Broad Street location years ago. But once I peaked inside this new location one day after work, and saw the elegant décor, that includes a fireplace, paintings and a mural dedicated to Philly, I knew it was time to give Ruth's Chris another try. I stopped in for lunch and was glad I did.

To start, the bread is served warm with soft butter, just the way I like it. Next up was the clam chowder. It was described as New England style, but it was not white like a true New England clam chowder. Although I did enjoy the soup, it wouldn't stack up against New England's best. My entrée was a perfectly cooked medium rare juicy burger. It was served with a plate of fries so well seasoned and delicious that I didn't need ketchup. My girlfriend had the salmon, served on a bed of grilled asparagus and covered with some crab meat and a delicious sauce. Served piping hot she couldn't stop raving about it. I had to try it for myself and it was just as awesome as she said it was.

Service was excellent, from the hostess to the wait staff. The food was served at a leisurely pace, meaning I ended up taking an extended lunch hour. The restaurant is surrounded by office buildings, so it would make sense to speed it up to get people back to work on time. 

I can finally put that bad experience years ago behind me and recommend Ruth's Chris Steak House!
This is my all time favorite treat. Its now been my birthday celebration place two years in a row. Reason for the treat is because it is very pricy, but absolutely worth every penny. The service is exceptional, steak is cook perfectly, and the sides are huge. The drinks are just as good, whether you order a paired wine or a cocktail, you will not be disappointed. The decor is beautiful, so if you are trying to impress someone, this is for sure the place to go.
You guys better get on the ball as far as lunch is concerned.
I've been coming here since this location opened. Lunch has always been incredibly disappointing in terms of food prep and timing.
Last month, we waited 40 minutes for our check. We asked 3 times.
Today we sat in the bar, had mediocre service because the bartender waited on us. The two tables next to us weren't happy with their food, and were upset because it took too long. Don't think that sending a guy out in a suit asking with an attitude 'is there a problem' fixes it either.
You better get with the program right quick before you damage the Ruth's Chris brand,
5 Stars! We had really had marvelous time tonight. The Bar, the Food, the Dessert, all of it was just delicious! 

PHIL & IRENE the bartenders made us some amazing "Washing Apples", with Crown Roayl, Cranberry Juice, and Apple Liquor. We couldn't get enough! And JASON the Barback was so polite, so personable, so helpful! 

The star of the night was DARNELL. Darnell was perfect, we couldnt have asked for more. He was a charasmatic, Knowledgable, and attentive waiter.  We were never felt alone with Darnell.
 
What a Night! Everything was just perfect. We had a wonderful dinner at Ruth's Chris. And we will be back again!
Pretty much as tip-top as a restaurant can be.
Folks, I don't give out a lot of five star reviews, tonight, Ruth's Chris nearly earned it.
Decor was fantastic, although a few too many suited posers crowding the bar for happy hour for my tasting, but, they've got as much  right to be there as I do.  So, crowded to meet folks at 6:30 PM on a Thursday, but no worries, we had reserved a table.
Our server, Norman was everything you could ask for, knew exactly when to come by and when not to.  He dropped the check a little early, because my friend and I wanted to have a second post dinner drink (unusual on our part), but handled it magnificently.
Oysters were wonderful and my buddy told me his tuna ap was one of the best things he ever had.  
Entres:  Steaks, beyond compare.  I've had many, many top quality steaks, even in Chicago (the crown jewel of steaks), even Kobe Beef in Chicago... okay, it wasn't that good, but SO far above anything else I've had in Philadelphia, which is a GREAT food town.  So tender and flavorful, a bargain at twice the price.
The only complaint was the crab cake on my steak was only a one ounce smattering (but the asparagus was amazing) .
Four stars folks!!!
Food was solid, but the service was great. The new location gives the restaurant a new improved vibe. Less stuffy and a little hip in the bar area. See Lioba the hostess..she is awesome. She will take care of you and ensure you are seated properly and you know what to order. Gary the bartender is the man as well. Service is excellent and he will make sure you enjoy yourself!
Amazing food at a convenient location. Stayed at the Sonesta and this was the perfect place to get a delicious meal without having to leave the hotel. The food is pricy but so worth it. I got the chef's special filet with truffle butter and Parmesan. It was one of the best steaks I've had. The sides are for the table to share. While very flavorful, you don't get a lot so double up on those. The desserts are insane. HUGE portions. Service was outstanding. Only reason I'm not giving this 5 stars is because we waited a very long time for our food to come out.
We stopped here before a concert on March 1 and sat at the bar. The bartender was friendly and service was great. RJ had a lobster tail and I had a petite filet. For some reason I don't have a picture of it. The filet had great flavor but had some gristle which I have never, ever had on a filet before. RJs lobster tail was small but delicious.
We are huge Ruth Chris fans. That being said, this is my third visit to this establishment. Today I can say it was a huge disappointment. We had high expectations, sat in a booth. However it took forever for our server to appear and take our drink order. Thank god for Mike who brought us water and bread with lively conversation or else we would not have seen any wait staff at all for 20 minutes. Finally Willam our waiter graced us with his appearance. Our drinks took forever, explanation from William was due to happy hour, they ran out of glasses. I'm sorry, I'm paying full price and this is an excuse not to mention the fact he told us this. Shame on customer service training. We tried to have a nice time despite the growing anxiety from the bad service, dinner shows up, it was awful and below Ruth Chris standards but no one bothered to come back to check. We sat with dirty dishes on the table,  
finally after who knows how long, William reeking of cigarette smoke comes back asking if we want dessert while dirty dishes still sat all over the table. This is not the Ruth Chris I know...not coming back.
As someone who doesn't generally seek out chain restaurants, I was pleased when a fellow diner requested Ruth's Chris Steak House, as I might not have otherwise dined there, and it was, overall, a tasty, if pricey, experience.

Being on a crab cake kick the past couple of weeks, I had the Crab Cake Sandwich (topped with remoulade sauce and served with lettuce, tomato, onion, and a side of fries). I might've enjoyed a little more spice/salt to the remoulade or the crab cake, but the fries were nicely crisped and seasoned, so eating them together worked. The crab cake itself was also very large and meaty, the tomato thick-cut and fresh, and the bun a delight to eat.

My dining companions both ordered and enjoyed the Mixed Grill (4 oz filet, garlic herb cheese stuffed oven roasted free-range chicken breast, and homemade jumbo lump crab cake) along with a side of mashed potatoes and brussel sprouts.

While the table rolls and butter were nothing special, the service was excellent and the atmosphere sparkled (white table cloths and chandeliers). Would love the choice of sparkling or still water as a table standard.
Blond bartender needs a lesson in hospitality and she needs to pull her hair back. I know for a fact that is a health code violation and shame on management for allowing that. Was way to long and in her face that there is no way there wasn't hair in people foods/drinks. I watched her interact with other guests and not once was there a welcome or smile.
I was happy they had in door dining. They never disappoint no matter what city or state. Food always has same quality. Flavor was delish. Nothing was over cooked. It wasn't busy but it was Halloween. Our server was attentive. Service is more important to me vs the food. I wasn't able to take my leftovers because my hotel freezes my food. But hopefully my friend enjoyed it.
We were here to Celebrate our anniversary of 4 years and were seated without reservation fairly quickly. While waiting to be seated, a group of people left their table in the lounge to go outside, and arrived back inside the restaurant about 5 minutes later bringing with them a very strong odor of marijuana. There was a couple in the bar lounge area, not at their seats, with no masks on, basically hooking up and making out in the center of the bar area. We were then seated directly next to this couple... They continued their PDA at their table while a whole meal sat on their table untouched. Eventually they got up and went over to another table, I guess their friends? After the waiter cleared their table, another group of three came in to sit next to us. Again, they all brought a strong odor of marijuana with them, and they all had their own drinks in double stacked cups from what looked like 7/11. Extremely unprofessional setting for an expensive dinner, and definitely not the setting to celebrate an anniversary, although you'd think it would be, being so expensive. 

On another note , the food was delicious , the waiter was very tentative and we never had to wait for more drinks (which given the situation we needed a lot of). Overall good food and good personal service but the environment was absolutely terrible. People shouldn't being making out maskless in an area where others are eating, and customers should also not be leaving the table to go smoke weed outside to then return for their food, extremely inappropriate and Im extremely surprised the wait staff allowed this with no questions. Will most likely not be returning to this location.
This franchise gets a $20 million dollar recovery check  and they allow small businesses to suffer ? I will never eat here again .
My wife and I have been to many Ruth's Chris restaurants throughout the country. We decided to visit this location for Valentine's Day. Some people might say that it's not the best day to visit a restaurant for the first time, but hey I'm paying the same that day as any other day, so I shouldn't expect a lesser experience.

Apparently extra tables were setup to accommodate the holiday crowds. Well that was a big mistake, as tables were so close together it was hard not to overhear other conversations. In addition, the aisles between tables were only large enough for one person to pass at a time. I too witnessed the backside of a waiter way too close to my table.

Our table which was at the end of a row of booths, would have been nice, if it hadn't been oriented so the we were both looking directly at another table for two about 3' away at the most. this table was so close that we actually engaged in conversations with them a couple of times. Nice people, but awkward at best and certainly not what you're looking for on a date.

In addition, we were seated under a light which was intermittently flickering throughout our meal. When brought to the waiters attention, we were told someone would stop by to address it. No one did, no visit by a manager at all. Eventually, by the end of the meal, the flickering stopped, but again no attempt from management to address the issue.

The food was good as usual, service was fine, waiter fine but not memorable. The layout of the restaurant was a bit odd, including restrooms that were actually outside the restaurant in a common space within the hotel lobby. The decor was not up to the level of other Ruth's Chris locations, including the nearby King of Prussia location.

Upon leaving, we commented to the hostess the problems we experienced and were greeted with a blank stare and no effort to even get a manager.

A day later, my wife and I were still discussing the disappointment of this visit. We're used to a Ruth's Chris experience where every staff member was doing their utmost to make our visit the best it can be, no matter what the circumstances. That was not the case this time.
My husband I went here for the second time recently. I ordered the 8oz. fillet with mashed potatoes and he the lamb chops with additional sides. My meal was to my liking but his lamb chops were not cooked as requested for the second time. Our wait for our food was a little long as well. The price of the food leaves little room for error when dinning at this level. The restaurant is extremely clean, and service friendly but the food just hasn't done it for us for the prices we are paying.
The taste was good, the price was high, the portions were average. Nothing amazing, just good food at a high price. Service was adequate. Nothing stands out, it was just average. Got a medium  well steak that was closer to well and a medium that was closer to medium rare. They almost got it. To give them a benefit of the doubt it was packed on thanksgiving night. Sweet tea not an option.
I love going here for dates. If you ask me what's the best steak house in philly. I will always tell you Ruth Chris. The drinks are amazing
We celebrated our 30th wedding anniversary and they did an amazing job! Confetti on the table along with a handwritten note from the management set the tone for what would be a wonderful meal.  Affordable wine list, great salad, fabulous meat ( of course) and wonderful service made for a very memorable night.  The topper was a complimentary chocolate sin cake, yes ...it is sinful but worth every calorie!  Everyone was socially distanced.  I would recommend Ruth's Chris for a special occasion or a weeknight dinner out.  It was perfect.
I am not fancy enough to have sat down and had a meal here by the happy hour was pretty decent when I went. Definitely good to bring another person so you can share food things.
Favorite steak house in Philly! Great drinks, amazing food and the best service in town. I had the seafood tower, petite filet and lobster Mac n cheese. All were amazing. My husband ordered the NY strip. Both steaks came out sizzling and cooked to perfection ( medium rare) and the lobster Mac and cheese was out of this world! We finished with the creme brûlée which was perfect. Our waiter Steve was friendly and attentive. The hostess was pleasant and our drinks from the bar were spot on. Can't wait for a special occasion to go back again!
The best !! They never fail me . The lamb chops are perfect and so flavorful. The lobster Mac and cheese is the best and I love the cream spinach it's soo delicious and they have the best coconut lemon drop. This is my favorite Friday place I live in Lower Merion and no I don't go to the KOP location the taste is very different I don't mind driving into the city for perfection!!
Food is always amazing. Incredible service. I was traveling for work and the staff was able to get us a table despite being fully booked due to a cancellation. Great venue even though we had to eat outside due to covid the service was excellent. Highly recommend.
I drove to the city to treat myself to Ruth's Chris cheesecake. I'm sorry to say it was not worth the drive. I've been waiting all shut down for this cheesecake. First of all the size is much smaller. To be fair so is the new price ($5). The cheesecake was not as rich and creamy as before. I'm not sure if the recipe changed. If you are out for dinner at Ruth Chris and want cheesecake sure have it, you are already there. If you are taking a ride for dessert drive to Cheesecake Factory. I would much rather pay more for the old style cheesecake. Maybe after the pandemic and we move back to some sort of new normal Ruth Chris will bring the old style back. I'm hoping this is a post COVID19 option.
The food hands down is always the best! Our office orders lunch from here often and the petit filet is always cooked to the requested temperature, the perfect size for a lunch portion! The jumbo cocktail shrimp are huge and an order Comes with four is enough to fill you up in itself! The rolls are always an office favorite and we are always lucky enough to get them still warm and soft!
My complaint here is that the hostess(es) that answers the phone and the bartender(s) at pick up are very unfriendly and abrupt! I'm shocked that spending a couple of hundred dollars and they literally have to say hi and be pleasant while handing me the food is so difficult! It's easy money- you have to literally transact with me for 5 minutes!
My colleague refuses to dine here for this reason but the food keeps me coming back! This last time, the experience was what it should have been and I wishing all my interactions were like this!
Our team wanted to host a business dinner here when it first opened (just to add a different restaurant into the rotation) but unfortunately found the meeting place was not conservative for our clients. The artwork was probably more suitable for a bar than a place that both woman and men could meet comfortably.
What can you say about a place that's also on point, no matter where you go. Based on previous reviews, I'm so glad I haven't experienced the affects of bad food or service at any of their restaurants. I ordered the Lamb Chops, which was cooked perfectly. For the table we had some Lobster Mac n Cheese, Lobster Fried Rice and some asparagus, we crushed the side dishes. Our waiter was definitely on his toes with all drinks we ordered. (Lol) More than likely, I will be attending the same event next year and while I'm there, going to this Ruth's Chris for dinner.
