After reading some awesome reviews and hearing so many great things after Yelp's Backstage Pass Party, I knew I had to cross town and check out Rybread. With our day off today, it was the perfect opportunity for me and the boy to check the place out for lunch. 

The chalkboard of choices was extensive. Everything sounded so great but I was pretty committed to the Charlotte. Sadly, I made the unwise decision to switch to multigrain bread. This was sad because the bread got a little soggy with the pickles, honey mustard and tomatoes. My own fault, of course. Next time, I'll stick with the recommended bread option. The ingredients were all fresh and delicious; the price was right. Their counter staff was also very friendly.

The strawberry iced tea was delightful and I also got to take a coffee home after redeeming my check-in offer. I'll be returning soon to check another sammie off the list!
Back in the day when I lived in the Fairmount neighborhood at 26th and Brown Streets, shops as good as Rybread didn't yet exist, and we walked to the local corner taverns for suds and a meal.  Now, this neighborhood has experienced a modest renaissance and has a good variety of kitchen alternatives within a few blocks radius.  Makes me think about what it would be like to live here again in the shadow of the Museum of Art and take advantage of all the improvements.  

We were showing out of town guests the beauty and grace of Philadelphia from the steps of the museum (so nice that on the weekend we could stop for a while right in front of the PMA and let our friends run up the stairs and enjoy the view without hassle).  When we agreed we were hungry, I searched Yelp for local restaurants, and saw Rybread in my bookmarks.  We drove there in about 3 minutes. Plenty of street parking. 

There were no other customers when we arrived and we settled into the three small tables in the front of the shop.  One of the friendly servers explained that we should order at the cashier and we would be called when our lunches were ready.  Simple enough. There were five of us, and we wanted to sample everything that was selected.  They agreed to cut the sandwiches in quarters to accommodate.  

There were good looking scones in the display, and we impulsively asked for a blueberry and cranberry. Baked in house, both were excellent; slightly moist and mildly sweet.  Nothing wrong with starting with dessert.  We then went with the Savannah (turkey, brie, cranberry sauce and mayo on multi-grain bread), Lake Tahoe (tuna salad, cheddar, tomato on ciabatta-panini style), Napa (fresh mozza, roma tomatoes, pesto, balsamic glaze on grilled baguette), and Tucson (oven roasted turkey, swiss, red onion, chipotle mayo and tomato; ciabatta panini style).  A large size soup of the day (sweet potato, chicken) was thrown in for good measure. 

Each of the sandwiches was very good to excellent.  The bread fresh and brought to life through the panini press or just out of the bag.  The ingredients were fresh and ample.  No skimping on these works of art.  The soup was wholesome, hot and tasty.  We congratulated ourselves on our wise choices, and the good fortune of finding this charming, yet cramped, restaurant converted out of this block of row houses.  
 
People came and went as we sat and ate.  Some came in, saw the indoor tables were occupied and walked out again. On this rainy day, the outdoor seating both front and rear was not a real option.  Still others, got their meals to go.  

The bill for the indulgent five of us was less than $50, with a few shared Joe's Iced Teas.  At that cost, the priceless chalkboard atmosphere was free.  

Would love to return for breakfast, which is available before noon.
Ah, I haven't given a poor review for a place in awhile, but after scrolling through other reviews and looking at photos I've realized that my order and my friend's order were completely wrong. Also is toasting sandwiches just not happening anymore? Because we both ordered paninis and they came out as cold cut sandwiches.

The cashier was friendly, so I can start with that. She was super sweet. The ambiance is nice and open, and I was told it felt much more upscale than the old location. It's certainly small, but it was nice.

This is about where the good ends. 

I'm not exactly sure how this happens, but I ordered a SAN DIEGO: it should have had chicken, pesto, provolone, and been toasted. I don't even know what I was thinking since I ordered so quickly, but I ended up eating a roast beef sandwich with horseradish that wasn't toasted.... 

I think a part of me was so confused and since I was eating with someone new it was kind of a combination of not making a fuss and not totally realizing how wrong my order was. But it wasn't even toasted! 

Whoever made my sandwich completely bullshitted because what I was given isn't even a a menu item. I don't see any roast beef with cheddar options. A bit bummed I paid for a sandwich that was made completely wrong. Had I been a local and not someone visiting I would have gone back and asked why my order had been done so incorrectly.
Disappointing experience at Rybread this morning. 

Stopped in for two teas and a bagel that rung up to a $7+ price tag. We were sitting outside with the baby when my husband started choking on the bagel (like not dying but it was caught in his throat).

I ran in to get a glass of water and the guy behind the counter says they don't have water - only for sale by the bottle for $1 dollar. 

A few things here:

1. I didn't bring in my wallet bc my husband was CHOKING - can you just pour me a small glass of tap water? Answer from barista: no 

2. His solution is to pour piping hot tea water into a plastic cup - about 2 oz.

3. Meanwhile my husband is still choking outside.

4. Isn't it the law in Philadelphia/Pennsylvania to have free tap water available to your patrons? I'm so pissed off I'm going to make sure to report them for a code violation.

The barista put some ice in the hot water and my husband and was fine, but then to top it off some jerk that was inside witnessing the whole deal comes outside and accuses us of lying about my husband choking. What? For the free 2 oz pour of boiling tea water? 

I don't like giving locally owned places bad reviews but this was a real damper on the day and we will never come back here again.
Oh, how I love Rybread.  The chalkboard menu here is so extensive you never have to order the same thing twice.  Every sandwich I've ever ordered here was delicious.  The Napa is an old standby, the Plymouth (a Thanksgiving type sandwich) is my most recent favorite, but I'm sure there will be more.
The wait staff is lovely, the sandwiches are perfect, and the coffee is strong.  I am a Rybread customer for life!
How is is that Fairmount is the only neighborhood in Philly that adores mediocrity? This is one of the great examples of how a less-than-acceptable place is given props, but much better places are routinely ignored.

The design of the place first and foremost makes ordering a sandwich an ordeal. The counter and kitchen are clearly not designed by anyone who has any restaurant experience. The inefficiencies of design mean that a simple order can take twenty minutes to fulfill. If they are busy (which is often, since they can't serve their clientele efficiently , just having three people in line creates chaos).

The food itself is uniformly mediocre. Soft and flavorless. Pretty much every sandwich I have had is just about the same.  This is food for people who grew up in suburbia.
Sadly didn't have a chance on my last visit to pick up a sandwich but next time I stop by, that will be the first order of business. On the other hand I was able to grab a cup of joe and take a seat outside. They have a decent amount of seating for its size and let's take into account the bathroom was clean.
Fast becoming a Rybread enthusiast. They've been in their new location three or four weeks, and I've already incorporated it into my Friday WFH routine. I've tried a variety of their geographic dubbed sandwiches/paninis - my go-to's are the Tucson (roasted turkey) and Napa (fresh motz, add prosciutto). You also can't go wrong with the classic Santa Monica (BLT, add avocado). 

Breads/meats/cheeses are fresh, prices are reasonable, and the establishment has a trendy vibe.
Sooo good!!! This is a small unassuming hole in the wall delicious sandwich place in Fairmount. They have 3 small table for outside seating and I think 2 small tables inside. This is more of a take out place. The staff is very nice and fast. 
I had the buffalo which has chicken, carrots, chipotle mayo, and cheese. If you like buffalo you'll love this sandwich. It was perfectly made and packed with chicken.
My bf had the savannah which tasted like a delicious fresh take on thanksgiving. 
We also had a blueberry scone which was also delicious and a must get. 
I really love this place and would definitely recommend. There's a $10 credit card minimum.
There weren't too many good choices in the immediate area so Rybread was good enough.  The food or sandwiches were pretty good.
My wife and I went in mid-afternoon on a weekday. Rybread was one of the few places in the neighborhood open in that awkward not-yet-dinner but definitely-after-lunch time of day.

Food: As a vegetarian option, I enjoyed a grilled cheese with pick-my-own ingredients. My wife had one of the club-like sandwiches. It was all okay, but nothing to go out of the way for.

Service and atmosphere: what it looks like. Friendly staff in a cramped awkwardly arranged coffee house-with-sandwiches ambiance.

If that was all, I'd give Rybread 3 stars... 

BUT... they lose a star because they refused to provide tap water. I don't think customers should be charged for water with a meal and I certainly am not going to pay for environmentally unfriendly plastic-bottled water!
Feeling compelled to try Fairmount's new hot spot, Rybread, I was pleasantly surprised and glad to see a good amount of patrons waiting to get their rybread on! Overwhelmed by the chalkboard detailing all of the awesome ingredients they use, I opted for employee suggestions; ham, egg and cheese on rye for me and a multigrain toasted bagel with tomato's and veggie cream cheese for my wife. My theory has always been that employee's know what's best on the menu and if you're trying a new place for the first time, you might as well leave it up to the experts. Fortunately, Ryan Pollock was the expert today and he steered me down the path of enlightenment! What I ordered today wasn't out of the ordinary and I could have probably gotten it at any coffee shop, but these guys know how to make good sandwiches. 

My happiness didn't end there. Rybread is a family-run business and it's obvious that they all care about it's success. With mom waiting on customers, Ryan making sandwiches and his sister stocking the shelves (and grabbing me a Rybread t-shirt), I can't help but believe that this place will be around for a very, very long time. 

For my next visit, I'm going for the Rybread special - crab cake, greens, tomato and chipotle mayo.
The Philadelphia is delicious and the coffee decent. But when i had already spent almost $10 and asked for water they said they "don't do tap water" and that I could buy bottled for another dollar. Really??? What restaurant doesn't do tap water? I found this highly annoying. That's just bad customer service. I probably won't be back, with all the other great places in Fairmount who don't hate customers.
While in town for an event, this became the go-to breakfast stop on the walk to the Philadelphia Convention Center. (We stopped here twice because we really enjoyed our breakfast choices during our first visit!)

The wait was long on Saturday - it is obviously a local favorite. Because the menu options were hearty and healthy we stuck around, and it was worth the wait. (I hope during the week they can handle the crowd a bit better.) Rybread is simple and small, but makes up for that with its fantastic menu.

On day one I had the Meat Quiche and a Breakfast Smoothie. On day two I got the Veggie Quiche. Honestly, I could eat those quiches every day. If you're a local or simply visiting and looking for a healthy meal or snack, I would totally recommend stopping at Rybread!
I can get a crabcake sandwich at 8 in the morning here on a Tuesday.
This may not sound like much to you, because you are probably a well-balanced individual who gets normal breakfast food before work. However, if you are like me, you often wish there were legit, non-wawa options for lunch early in the morning.

Enter Rybread, my new favorite solution for early morning sandwiches. The Rybread, namesake sandwich of the joint, delivers. It is disciplined crabcake with greens and chipotle mayo on a soft sandwich bun. It is scrumptious. The Santa Fe is pretty good, too.

Furthermore, Rybread's dessert options are not to be overlooked. Their cupcakes are great.

On the action-movie-parallel-satisfaction-scale, this place is The Horde.
I awoke this past Sunday with one mission: find a cure for the dreaded Sunday morning hangover. Being new to Philly and Fairmount, I turned to Yelp and found Rybread. The previous reviews are spot on! I went with the bacon, egg, and cheese on a multigrain bagel, accompanied by a hot cup of coffee, and my hangover was a thing of the past, dispatched in a delicious fashion. Seating in the back patio area was still available around 10am, but it was beginning to fill up as my group departed.

I'm already in love with this place! The food, the service, the neighborhood vibe- I can't wait to get back and try another sandwich.
Updating this because I just ate a seriously delicious bacon egg and cheese here, worlds better than it had been the last time I was there! Baked egg is an awesome choice- kind of weird looking, but so good! Thanks, ry* (bread and brew) for holding down the sandwich game in Fairmount and Brewerytown!
To the outsider looking in, perhaps Ryebread appears to be just another run-of-the-mill sandwich stop within Fairmount's food corner of the world.  However, if you listen to your (growling) gut and the chatter from regulars about this place, I wager you will not be disappointed.

I most recently went with the San Diego panini, although for an indecisive chick like myself, the decision making process here is anxiety ridden.  Everything looks better than the next.  The paninis are hot pressed and the perfect size to remain delectable but allow you to leave without feeling like you've entered a carb-coma.

The San Diego (which we all know in German means..) consisted of grilled chicken, roasted red peppers, provolone cheese and pesto.  I added in Sriracha because I simply can't get enough. Ever.

The Hampton salad is also very good with chicken, pesto, roasted tomatoes and huge shavings of fresh parmesan over a spring mix.  

PS: Adding carmelized onions to just about anything here could not possibly in an any case be an experiment gone wrong.  Add away.
Food and pastries are okay - not great.  They LOOK great, but looks can be deceiving. 
The people who work there - some are super friendly and nice, some are obviously bored.  Never know what to expect.
The prices are a little high.  
Main problem is the cramped quarters - very tight space.  Waiting for the order gets confusing and terrifying:  Did I miss it?!  Why is it taking so long?!  I must have missed it or they forgot my order!  That kind of thing.
For what they charge, the wait, and being crammed next to people with baby strollers who insist on bringing it in the shop or wear ski caps in the summer, it's just not worth it, unless it's at a time when the line is not going out the door and one is really really hungry and can't wait.  I never understand the waiting that people do at restaurants - no place is that good.
I walked around for a good, 20 minutes and came upon this little joint. 
I walk in and I'm immediately greeted by a sweet girl. 
I only ordered a coffee but the service was fast. They have a variety of breakfast sandwiches and if you sit outside they will bring it to you. Their coffee is good. They have soy milk, skim milk, half & half and whole milk for creamer. 
I'm as I stumbled upon this place. Accidental is sometimes the best
Hands down my favorite place for a quick breakfast.  The smoothies are delicious and so are the breakfast sandwiches.  Haven't ventured too much away from the typical order of a Strawberry/Banana Smoothie & a Pork Roll, Egg, & Cheese on Rye sandwich, because its too good.

I know that they offer a bunch of pastries & other sandwiches which I am sure I will try out eventually!
Ewe, stop serving eggs on a Saturday at 12:40pm.
Makes little sense to me except to lose business.
This is my weekend staple. Absolutely love the New York Panini...I always say I want to branch out, but that panini is so good that I order it almost every time. 

Also strongly recommend their milkshakes/smoothies!!
Great friendly atmosphere. Had heard of Rybrew through their sponsorship to the Philly Open (Sedgley Woods Disc Golf course) and decided to check out their other business Rybread. 

The sandwiches are named after different cities. The San Fran was mozzarella, tomato, prosciutto,and pesto on sourdough. It had lot of favor! The bread was great, drenched with flavor. The meat was a little salty but I would probably order it again.  My boyfriend got a bagel with cream cheese and tomato and his comment after one bite was, "wow, that's really good cream cheese."  I'd like to come back and try other sandwiches. There was outdoor seating and also seating in the back of the restaurant for a more intimate setting away from traffic.
Rybread is a wonderful staple in the Fairmount neighborhood! I ordered online for curbside pickup and my order was ready in just a few minutes. The menu had a lot of variety and there were so many ways to customize a sandwich - cheeses, meats, spreads... even how much you wanted your bagel toasted! It took all my restraint not to order the cupcakes, ice cream and cookies!

For my weekend breakfast, I went with an everything bagel with veggie cream cheese, tomato and spinach, along with an iced coffee. The bagel was delicious, it had the perfect amount of cream cheese and was toasted exactly how much I asked for! The coffee was a great brew. I definitely want to try the cold brew next time!

I have a feeling I will become a regular here and try the rest of the menu!
If you're in the Fairmount area and itching for some delicious baked bread or spectacular sandwiches, look no further than Rybread. Need further proof? Try stopping by on a weekend shortly before noon and check out the line funneling out the door. It's that good. 

Rybread

So on a recent Saturday morning, we took the new puppy out for a stroll and decided to grab some sandwiches to go. 

Savannah [$7.15] 
Oven-roasted turkey breast, brie, whole cranberry sauce, mayo, multi-grain bread

The GF went with one of the healthier, but hearty options on the menu. As expected, there was an inherent sweetness to each bite, thanks to the whole cranberry sauce that paired well with the brie. The fresh-sliced turkey breast was moist and juicy, but it was truly all about the great multi-grain bread. Soft, pliant, and delicious. 

New York [$7.15]
Corned beef, swiss, sauerkraut, Russian dressing, marble rye 

As a transplanted New Yorker always in search for a proper Pastrami, or in this case, a corned beef Reuben, this hit the spot. The marble rye was buttered and there was plenty of well-seasoned corned beef and crunchy sauerkraut. The Swiss cheese was nicely melted and there was just enough Russian dressing to make this a 5-napkin meal. 

There's no denying that Rybread makes a delicious sandwich. How they could improve? More efficient prep. Even when the line was four deep (it soon became 12+ by the time I got my sandwich), the kitchen was in the weeds. Yet despite the disorderly prep, you can't help but enjoy waiting in line,  while you bask in the scent of fresh-baked bread.
I think the "Woohoo! As good as it gets!" caption that comes along with a 5-star rating is a little exaggerated, but whatever. I feel more like "Yay! I'm a fan!" but I feel as if I owe Rybread an extra star for being an idiot. Here's what an idiot I am: I live a scant few blocks from Rybread but never visited them until yesterday. They've been open for what, almost a year? Damn me. The Santa Fe panini was AWESOME and I didn't even add cheese. I thought, as I ate it, that it didn't need cheese. That is a rarity coming from someone who loves cheese. Like, LOVES it. It was filling and substantial and such a good home-brunch. I got the sandwich and a cup of tasty coffee to go and sat on my couch and watched Road To Perdition. This was an excellent morning and an excellent meal. I will absolutely make this a neighborhood weekend destination. Their hours are a little short, but that's fine. All good things in moderation. Way to go Rybread, sorry it took me so long!
Rybread-

You guys rock- Honestly, so happy to have you in the neighborhood- such great healthy options- I start my day with one of the custom made fresh smoothies and LOVE THEM! 

All paninis are awesome as well- 

Prices are fair and they have indoor/outdoor seating which makes it great for pet owners-
Ry Bread is a SOLID lunch location.

I have been twice thus far in my short time in Philly, and I say that these people win the reward for nicest customer service.  They take a few minutes to make your sandwich, but that is because they are making it fresh.  it annoys me to no end places that do not make sandwiches fresh to order (ahem, Atlanta Bread Company....)

They have a few seats in the front, but they also have seats outside and in the back of the restaurant on a patio.I will trek over here anytime for a meal! 

oh yeah... the food...MMMM... perfect. hits the spot. and i have 0 complaints.
Had a delicious Santa Monica on multigrain. Menu has a good selection. Many not so common drinking options too.  Nice atmosphere and friendly staff.
This was a cozy little spot in Fairmount! Great place to bring work or a book and relax.

Their menu is full of different sandwiches, soups, and salads. I have tried most options from here, and all of them are delicious.

Ideal breakfast spot for dine-in or takeout.
As far as lunch sammies at 8:00 a.m. go, Rybread takes the (chocolate peanut butter cup) cake. 

Breakfast: 
Scones. Homemade. Fresh blueberries...like really honestly fresh blueberries...baked...in a scone. The blueberry to bread ratio is high. This means that in each bite, you get a juicy squirt of blueberry juice to complement the moist scone-i-ness. 

Lunch (at 8:00 a.m. It's possible. They let you do this...which scores Rybread mega points):
Santa Fe. It's served on a panini roll. Do NOT get this panini pressed...this way, you can enjoy the scrumptiousness of the hot almost doughy like essence of the roll in totality. It doesn't need to be squished. You can fit it in your mouth. 

Though the Santa Fe features a nice, plump, juicy portobello as its centerpiece, the caramelized onions make the Santa Fe one of the most awesome sammies I've ever had. These onions are thinly sliced, not too short, expertly sauteed, and soft with an almost brown-sugary essence. 

Dessert: The butter cream peanut butter frosting on the chocolate peanut butter cupcake was pretty awesome and not overly sugary...as in you could probably eat half of this GIANT MUFFIN SIZED CUPCAKE without getting an insulin rush. The cupcake itself was moist, and slightly reminiscent of those cupcake-muffin hybrids that don't quite fit in either category but are still pretty darn delicious.
What can I say about this place??!??!  

Imagine...Take your favorite sandwich place at the shore, then transport it to Fairmount and you have Rybread.

They have some the BEST sandwiches in the city.  Seriously like a flavor explosion in your mouth.  The waits on the weekend mornings are usually out the door- which is totally justified.   The staff is very friendly.   They even remember your name!  

If you're ever feeling hungover and need a comeback, get their chocolate chip scone, and the New Yorker (a panini Reuben). I'm dead serious that they have the best scones in the city.   They bake them in the back.  The Buffalo (caprese panini) is pretty damn good.  If you're fortunate to encounter the sweet potato chicken corn chowder soup...GET IT.  Oh, and their bacon, egg, and cheese on a croissant is tasty.   

If I were to die tomorrow, Rybread would be the last lunch I'd eat.


   



Tip: They have outdoor seating in the rear
Great little place with a lot of good healthy sandwiches. They also have a dozen flavors of iced tea,  which is my favorite drink.  And they serve breakfast until 12 so that's great too!
I really enjoyed my lunch at Rybread today. I ordered the "Rybread" which was: (As defined by their website) crab cake, greens. tomato and  chipotle mayo served on a sandwich bun. (Kind of a buttery roll, like they have at Chick-Fil-A. LOL) 

If you love Crabcakes, you'll love this sandwich!! A little spicy, but delicious all the same! I ordered a mango iced tea, chips, and a carrot cupcake for dessert.

Rybread is not cheap, as can be expected of restaurants in the Art Museum area, but the place is cute, the staff is friendly and you'll love your food.
Delicious sandwiches with quality ingredients in a cute neighborhood setting is really all I need to say. BUT I'll go on...

At 12:30pm on a Sunday Rybread was packing them in. They only have three two tops inside, scarce standing room and four tables outside the front. They also have an outdoor patio, but I'm not sure if it was open in the winter months.

I substituted the Tuscon (panini with turkey, Swiss, onions, chipotle mayo) with tomatoes instead of onions, and it was mmm. The chipotle mayo really sent it over the top, and I think when tomatoes are in season it would be really killer. The boyfriend got the Philadelphia: salami, capicola, prosciutto, sharp provolone, greens, tomatoes, onions, salt, pepper and oil. This bad boy was delicious, piled with a working man's portion of meat, and served on a really fresh ciabatta. Sooo tasty with absolutely no need for mayo (and you'll rarely hear that sentiment from me). The boyfriend's only complaint was that the menu said "greens" and it came with plain old iceberg lettuce, which I agree was a bummer. I can't wait to try the Santa Fe, San Francisco, the San Antonio and the Alexandria. Oh crap, I want them all.

Tips: They don't do water in a glass, only bottled water (and other bottled and hot cafe drinks). They told about a five people when I was there that they were too late because breakfast ends at noon, so watch the clock!
We were very excited when Ry finally opened and I can say 2 years later I am still happy to have them in the hood. I don't come here often because I don't buy coffee often but when I do they are my preferred choice. I love that they offer soy milk, agave and simple syrup as sugar and cream options without a charge. They are always busy on the weekend, so if you want a sandwich on a croissant or not to wait its best to call your order in. The bagels they serve their sandwiches are very tasty.
The menu is extensive, with over 15 sandwiches that are standard, then add on some salads, soup and all of the daily special sandwiches - the variety is astounding for such a small counter-top kitchen. 

Enter the Buffalo panini: buffalo blazing chicken, gorgonzola OR mozzarella, shredded carrot, chipotle mayo on baguette OR brioche. This thing was oozing with the creamy combination of melted gorgonzola and chipotle mayo spread - both of which were in great abundance. The flavors were spot-on, with the sweet brioche and shredded carrots balancing out the tangy gorgonzola and spicy, tender chicken. Oh, the chicken. It wasn't shredded, it wasn't chunks of knife-sliced breasts, it was lunchmeat - paper thin ripples of layered buffalo chicken that melted deliciously into the rest of the ingredients, and into my mouth.

Need I say more? 
I didn't think so.
One good sandwich (the "Hollywood"), one horrible sandwich (buffalo chicken panini) the latter of which turned out to be lunch meat with some buffalo sauce.  Out back patio?  Really, you call it that?  Yuck.  Service?  We said we'd be out on the patio.  20 minutes later we come in to find out where our sandwiches are and they are calling our name -- no service even if they know where you are.

I wouldn't go back.
What a delicious sandwich shop!!

Yes, it's small, but I think that's what makes it charming. On nicer days, you can sit out front or back and there were plenty of tables available the last time I was there. 

Rybread is a typical bagel, coffee, lunch spot that is staffed with super friendly workers. Their cupcakes are enormous and the coffee is HOT (be careful!). I got the grilled cheese panini and it was just as tasty as I had hoped. My friend got a salad that came in a fun box and she said that it hit the spot. 

If you're looking for a quick and easy place to eat lunch the next time you're in the Fairmount area, check out Rybread! Eat a cupcake for me since they looked delicious but I abstained due to my desire to trim my waistline....despite the grilled cheese panini.
I had been meaning to walk over to Rybread for several months. Finally made it in earlier today, and the visit was unfortunately a bit of a letdown.

You enter and there appears to be a line to the register. Chances are that it is not actually a line -- it's just people waiting for their already-ordered drinks/food inside the tiny space. At this point, you can either look at the chalkboard of offerings to the left, view the case of pastries, or head right up to the counter and place your order.

Once done ordering, you join the ranks of people who appear to waiting in line but are just...waiting. Your name is then called shortly thereafter. In my case, they chose to call me "Kathy" (*points at Yelp name* *makes face* *notes that this did not impact my rating since it happens to me all the time but.. uuuuugh*).

I grabbed my order, and since there were no tables open (out of the three available), I brought my piping hot coffee and "Denver" chicken salad sandwich outside to quickly consume at one of the tables there. These additional tables would be nice when it's warm outside, I'm sure.

Drink verdict: I was not a fan of my vanilla-flavored coffee. Despite sitting outside in the 40-something degree weather, it took way too long to even cool off to the point of being drinkable. Once it finally did reach peak-drinking-temperature, the flavor was off. Maybe their regular coffee is better.

Sandwich verdict: They clump that meat in there! That part is great! For the price, it's a fantastic deal. I wasn't a fan of the multigrain bread, so if I ever found myself there again, I'd ask for a different bread type. The [chunky] chicken salad itself was also on the bland side, with minimal walnuts, but the grapes were good and saved the sandwich.

Other items on their menu looked like they could be tasty, so I might check them out again someday.
For such simple food, Rybread is SOOO good!

I'm a big fan of their breakfast sandwiches -- and I really appreciate that they are made fresh, not a warmed up patty.

Their sandwiches are STACKED with meat. Sure, it's like $7-8 for a sandwich, but it's totally worth it.

The sweets are awesome too. Chocolate peanut butter cupcakes? Aw yeah.

My only wish is that they tweet soup of the day every day. It's kind of annoying to have to call. I'd also appreciate more vegan and dairy-free options. But otherwise, Rybread is absolutely perfect and I've never eaten anything I didn't like from here.
I work a few doors down from this business and have been very excited for this place to open, especially because a)it's not pizza and b)it's decent coffee that I can run out and get before anyone notices I am gone. I didn't expect it to be so cute inside (and outside! it has a great patio!) or that the owners and staff would be so nice. My coworkers and I are working our way through the menu, and so far we are impressed. The breakfast sandwiches are far better than anyone else's on the block, and  - like the rest of the menu - very reasonably priced. In addition to meals for myself and my staff, I also purchased a bunch of treats for a bridal party at the last minute. They were very patient with my special requests as far as quartering bagels and halving muffins, and said with more notice they could put together a tray for me. I do agree with Lisa O, if they had lattes I would be totally head over heels, but even without I think they are a great addition to the Fairmount neighborhood!
Fresh ingredients. Really delicious sandwich/panini choices. 

Santa Monica was awesome. BLT + avocado on sourdough. YUMMMM
I can't wait to try all the other choices. They're all named after US cities. 

Super friendly staff. Everyone had their smiles on and totally pleasant.

Cute. cute. cute. There are outside seatings in the front and in the back. The whole place is just really clean and sparkling. 

I am definitely going back.
Not all of their sandwiches are on Rye Bread! 

I for one, am thankful to know that. I imagined 30 varieties of Rye Bread concoctions, Rye soup, Rye Salad, Rye Smoothies...

Stop in and you'll notice their enormous sandwich board..filled with various gourmet creations. They are named after the places the owner has visited on road trips with his GF. Had the Tucson today, tre bien. 

Only giving them 4 stars, as I didnt check out their back patio.. so will certainly hit them up again. $7 after tax for a great sandwich? Not bad.
Love love this place! Good quality ALL around. I'm not based in philly so with me having dietary restrictions in different cities, it's always a toss up. Rybread landed for sure. I had a gluten free breakfast sandwich with lox and vegan cream cheese.  then 2 custom salads one of which had the crab cake that was fantastic. They also have vegan ice cream! The coconut macaroon was amazing. An entire full course worth of food that I can eat outside of a vegan/gluten-free establishment is pretty much unheard of. So I'm thankful beyond that RyBread saw fit to accommodate us food-allergy kids. It was a win overall especially during the pandemic. Give em a try.
No joke, this spot is the jammy. 

I've only been here for lunch, and I've never been let down. You'll notice from other reviews that it's a small spot, so don't count on getting a seat inside - but they have some nice spots outside. There are a few stoops along Fairmount too that are perfect for eating a sandwich and chips. 

The sandwiches are so good. Lots of choices, so you can get what you like, and they're always fresh. 

The folks who work there have a great attitude - personality goes a long way. I sat down outside on one of the tables along Fairmount after we ordered, and someone brought our sandwiches out along with napkins. I was very impressed. 

Love this place. I'll be there every Friday for lunch haha!  Hopefully they'll continue to do well and have a chance to expand - it'd be great if they had some more indoor seating for the wintertime.

Here are a few of my favorites: 
- New York (just tried it today): corn beef, sauerkraut, swiss, russian dressing 
- Savannah: turkey breast, brie, cranberry sauce 
- Lake Tahoe: tuna fish & cheddar 
- Santa Fe: grilled portobello, squash, eggplant, caramelized onion & pesto
I had some time to kill early in the morning, so I figured why not go to my favorite neighborhood in Philly and grab some breakfast? I've been itching to go to Rybread for a long time, so had to take this opportunity! 
It's a small little, hipster cafe with a long list of sandwiches, breakfast items, coffees, teas etc. written on their chalkboards. The super friendly staff took my order and also had it made really quick! 
salted caramel coffee: no Salted Caramel flavor at all, but good coffee so I'll let it slide
Egg and cheese with bacon (of course) on brioche: great breakfast sandwich if you need something on the go. Fresh ingredients and amazing bread (no ketchup needed) made for a great start to my day. 

I'll definitely be back to try out some of their other sandwiches because they all sounded so delicious!
Nice little breakfast place. Very friendly staff. Awesome menu items you can also custom modify fresh juices and baked goods also. 
Only two small tables inside. Seating outside and they also have a very nice back patio for additional seating. 
My bagel sandwich, whole wheat with egg, sausage and Swiss cheese was delicious!
Looking forward to coming back!
Rybread is a small little sandwich shop there isn't a ton of indoor seating but there is a surprisingly nice outdoor seating area if the weather is nice head to the back.  So far all the sandwich at Rybread I have had have been very good.  Major complaint is they don't have tap water, who doesn't have tap water?  Seemed odd.
This place was perfect. Sandwiches are made right there, simple and unpretentious.
Teasing is tight but the sidewalk tables make up for it.
A must for brunch / lunch.
The sandwiches here never cease to impress me! I literally devour them. Just ordered a San Antonio ( on GF bread of course) and I can't wait until lunchtime.  I usually get the New York which is awesome. Great bagels too!
I stopped for lunch on my walk between ESP and the Art Museum. I had an iced tea and the Santa Monica sandwich with turkey on multi-grain bread and it was out of this world delicious. I want one of these in my neighborhood!
Very good breakfast/coffee shop.  Also, they have countless selection for lunch sandwiches and desserts in the Fairmount area.  I  myself love the chocolate croissants but you have to get there fairly early before they are sold out.  I guess plenty of people agree with me.  

They have a chalkboard on the wall that shows you the many choices for breakfast and lunch and they do not disappoint.  I wish they were open a little later, as they close in the late afternoon.  During the weekends, I sometimes miss getting my fix.  There is also not a great deal of seating, but you can always eat the "European way" and grab one of the few seats outside of walk and eat/drink.  I tend to do that anyway.  I can bring my dog if i grab a seat outside, which means I can fit in a trip to the vet only a couple doors down.  It is a great location for where I live.  It was one of the first discoveries in Philadelphia, and I was happy to find it!
Fairmount's necessary sandwich shop arrived within the past two years and took off.  How can you not support a start up run by a father-son duo?  They're living the dream!  

Every sandwich captures the flavors of a United States city visited by the owner.  As the US is diverse, so are the sandwiches.  You can get anything on the board modified, on different bread, grilled, or cold.  I've been here a lot for breakfast sandwiches while walking home from a race or to a parade.  Recently I had a real (US City) sandwich that satisfied my needs.  The Alexandria is a tavern ham sandwich on marble rye with cheddar cheese and granny smith apples and a hint of honey mustard.  I got it grilled and it was crispy, melty, and delicious.  

Breakfast is pretty solid - I think the selling factor is the bread.  Because you can get an egg and cheese from a truck for quicker and cheaper...but Rybread's multi-grain is seedy and wholesome...something a truck doesn't deliver.
Smoothies and breakfast sandwiches
Don't go for a big breakfast.  It's not that kind of place.  It's smoothies, coffee, and some breakfast sandwiches.  Simple ordering process, fast food, and just enough seating if you want to hang around for a minute.  Think opposite end of the breakfast spectrum from Sabrina's.
I was waiting with bated breath for Ry Bread to open, because sometimes I am just too lazy or hungover to drag myself the extra three blocks to Mugshots and sometimes a girl needs an egg and cheese. I love the decor, and was psyched when they put some tables and chairs outside so I can take the pup. 

I can only speak to the breakfast sandwiches but they hit the spot. Could get away with being 50 cents less or so, but nothing outrageous. The staff is very helpful and friendly, and the back patio is a nice little oasis from the bustling front of the shop. 

I occasionally walk by here and the line is out the door, sometimes it's pretty empty, so timing is important. But what a lovely addition to the neighborhood.
What a cute, little spot. During a recent stay in Philly, my husband brought me back a fantastic egg and cheese sandwich on a croissant. Wow. The next morning, I needed little convincing to walk back for another one. Good lord, it was crowded! It is small inside but if you sit outside, they will come with your order. I got a pumpkin coffee, breakfast sandwich and a chocolate chip cookie (just because!). The reason I didn't give it 5 star is the lack of espresso drinks but other than that everything was great. 

Check in on your Yelp app since there is a Yelp deal!
Unbiased responses to other reviews:

"I waited for 20 minutes.  I understand that this isn't McDonald's, these are artisanal creations that they put some care into, but 20 minutes was way longer than I had planned to wait for take-out."

So your poor planning, and misunderstanding of the business is somehow a mark against them?  I guess I'll just let everyone know that if you walk into this restaurant and see several people waiting, your food will take some time.  Those 3 people making sandwiches in front of you, yeah, that's them working at full sandwich making capacity.  If you're getting something grilled it's gonna take some time.  

"Maybe I'm silly, but I feel cheated."

You're silly, I don't think you get to feel cheated about the fact that you willingly spent money daily on a product that you were happy with only to find out that they had a loyalty program that you were unaware of.  The staff at Rybread are friendly, welcoming, and always knew my name even though I only went there a few times a month.  Glad to know I'll never have to worry about running into you or your inflated sense of entitlement.
I stopped in for a quick bite before the Flea Market. The inside was busy, but the staff could not have been nicer. Great iced coffee, although I wished for more ice. Will be back to try the sandwiches!
My favorite place to go in the neighborhood. I seriously hope they make banks with overflowing customers because they deserve it. If that were to happen, which I feel like it's going to or it has been already, I also seriously hope that I can somehow figure out the time when everyone's full from their sammichs because waiting in line sucks. This has never happened to me at Rybread, by the way. 

My sister and I got Savannah(sandwich) and New york(panini). Both were SOOOOO goood... YUM. Savannah had turkey, brie, cranberry sauce on multi-grain bread. VERY thanksgiving-ish...this can only mean that it's really delicious! New york was made with corned beef, swiss cheese, sauerkraut, russian dressing(what is that?). Didn't matter that I didn't know what Russian dressing was. It was so yummy. It was even yummier with some mustard but that's because I love mustard.

Rybread has turned me into a sandwich mania. I'm sure my future husband and a handful of children of mine will appreciate the fact that I now know how to mimic different kinds of sandwiches other than a PBNJ.
Nice small shop in Fairmount. There is only outdoors seating, so definitely not ideal to plan a sit and eat during the colder months. 

I got the rybread sandwich and the house salad and both were delicious! I absolutely love crab so of course I had to order the sandwich that had a crab cake in it. I have eaten a fair share of crab cakes at other restaurants, and half of the time they are a disappointment. Rybread is an exception. The sandwich had a great balance of crab cake to the veggies and also chipotle mayo in each bite. The house salad also had a great balance as well with all of the different textures and ingredients. Onions were sliced super thin, just the way I like it. And lastly, the gorganzola was great in bringing all of the ingredients together.
after a fairly brutal race on kelly drive, my dude and i stopped here to pick up some food to bring home. first, i'm completely embarrassed that i live in this neighborhood and NEVER KNEW IT EXISTED. i asked the super friendly lady behind the counter how long they had been open and she was like "oh, about two years?" and i was all
: l

i'm usually a mugshots girl (their whoopie pies are out of this world) but. as much as i enjoy them, they can be a little...pricey. so when we saw this place we decided to give 'em a try and i'm so glad we did. there are a few tables outside, and some more seating inside but we were getting it to go so, yeah. 

allow me to inform you of the absolute best cinnamon raisin bagel i have EVER HAD IN MY LIFE. seriously, i have never tasted anything like it. i was crazy hungry from the race and when we got home i unpacked the food and was delighted to find a frisbee sized bagel. then i was...double delighted to discover that it was as delicious as it was big (twss). i still can't describe what made it different from all the other cinnamon raisin bagels i have known and loved but you should just trust me. try one. 

we got a coffee cake muffin to split and that was pretty good, dude got a sausage egg and cheese and enjoyed it as well. we'll definitely be going back.
Huge selection of sandwiches made to order.  Pretty fresh good ingredients.  Friendly staff.  But, why the hell does it take 15 - 30 minutes to make a sandwich?  The whole reason we want to get sandwiches to go is because we are on the go and want something quick.  We still get food at this place but know we have to call an order in 20 minutes ahead of time.

They have tons of staff behind the counter.  They move at a hipster stoner snail pace.  They would do much better to have two people who can multi-task and work their butts off.  Making sandwiches should not take that long.
A fabulous Yelp find after apt hunting in the area with the hubby. We were overwhelmed with the amount of options on the menu so decided to go half-sies on a Philadelphia (genoa salami. hot cappi. prosciutto. sharp provolone, greens. tomato. onions. vinaigrette, served on a ciabatta) and a Savannah (oven roasted turkey breast. brie. whole cranberry sauce. mayo, on multi-grain bread).

I thought I was clearly going to win by choosing the Philadelphia in Philly...duh?...but not so much. The Savannah surprised me with it's Thanksgiving dessert self, giving me both salty and sweet, it felt more like a 3 PM snack than a lunch menu item, but I really could not put it down! Especially since it was warm and gooey from being toasted. 

The Philadelphia was everything I had hoped for and MORE! First of all, the thing is pretty big and meaty. This no nonsense sandwich is the stuff mob movies are made of, after one bite, my North Jersey accent was thick and I had a slither of prosciutto hanging from my lip. EY, whatta ya looking at???

We were both really content with lunch having satisfied all aspects of our pallete. We ordered coffees to continue our apartment search and I was thankful for a nice strong brew! Rybread is a fabulous find, with even outside seating!
Yay Rybread. Thank you for coming to Fairmount Street. We definitely needed some more options for quick breakfast / lunch beyond the uber slow/expensive/crowded Mugshots! 

I had a salad with chicken, pesto, sundried tomatoes and it was great. My friends had sandwiches and paninis and those looked delicious too. We split a large chocolately cookie that was heavenly. I'm now just want to try breakfast. Someone here said it's the best coffee in the neighborhood! Looking forward to finding out.
Small local café.  Wish their space was slightly larger or with a different layout so that they can accommodate more seating indoors.  It's too cold to be eating outdoors!  I guess they intend for everything to be ordered to-go.  I had the Denver ("chicken salad with walnuts, grapes, greens, served on multi-grain bread"), a good sized sandwich, but it really needed more grapes.  The whole sandwich probably had two grapes so the chicken salad was overall very dry.  My fiancé had the New York ("corn beef with swiss, sauerkraut, russian dressing, served on marble rye") which he really enjoyed.
I'm a big, big fan of RyBread.  I can't give it 5 stars, however - the lack of indoor seating (and my apparently crummy timing) prevents me from  singing from the hilltops.  Without fail, whenever I go, the room is full and I am forced to take my delicious sandwich out.  I can't wait til spring when I can sit out back in their lovely patio area.

Moving on!  This place is great for Fairmount. It's family-owned (and the family is SO NICE), the ingredients are fresh and delicious, the coffee is tasty, and everything is just... NOM. It's good. My personal fave - the Santa Fe Panini (portobello, onions, zucchini, pesto) with provolone cheez.  Wow. 

I will say that the service goes an awful long way here. I am always treated great, and I'm only an occasional customer. Good going, RyBread - keep it up, and take over the insurance office next door so you can expand your indoor seating. :)
Great lunch spot featuring sandwiches with fresh ingredients. We tried three and they were all solid. I'm confident this was part of a trend. 

Sourdough grilled cheese with Caramelized onions. Yum. 

Grilled basil, pesto, tomato and mozzarella, yum. 

BLT with add-on turkey and rye bread. Yum.

The BF loved the raspberry flavored iced 
tea. 

The bagels looked solid too - if you care to indulge for breakfast.
although a tad disappointed to find out about the rybread-wawa connection (i know, i know money has to come from somewhere but i still like to play idealist sometimes), i still love it here.

you just can't beat the friendly "neighborhoody" ambiance. plus you don't have to wait a million years for weekend brunch, they have two outdoor seating areas & their breakfast sandwiches cure my hangovers. 

NOM.
The napa and the savannah are both amazing. The outside patio is really cute but the inside seating is limited, so I advise take out. Also, they run it of bagels very quickly weekend mornings- so get there early!
Only have gotten sandwiches, but always happy.  In love with the multigrain bread!  Excited about the longer hours.
You never disappoint! Great Santa Monica and lemonade. I inhaled my lunch! Fast and friendly service.
The service was friendly, the coffee tasty and the prices very reasonable.  I had a croissant with nutella that was out of this world.  We were able to snag one of two outside tables which was pleasant to enjoy dining al fresco on a cool summer morning. Pet friendly and kid friendly makes this a nice neighborhood spot that we will be back to.
Rybread has the best bagel sandwich in Philadelphia, hands down.   Living in Center City for several years, I was constantly disappointed by every bagel I tried from almost every shop in the area (I know, poor me).  Then I moved to Fairmount and we found Rybread...finally a great bagel!  While the bagels made me fall in love with this quaint shop, it's the smiling, friendly staff, solid coffee and unbelievable salads and sandwiches made on bread freshly baked on premises that have made this a successful long term relationship.  Do yourself a favor and check them out.  They stop serving breakfast at noon and if you go on a weekend morning, you may have to wait 10 or 15 minutes for your food because they can get busy.  Or call ahead and they'll have your food ready when you get there.  Trust me, you won't be disappointed!
Had a killer lunch on a Saturday afternoon. Nice little spot on Fairmount st. Patio seating as well as some indoor spots. We all ordered paninis. Everyone loved their meal. I had the special - jerk chicken. I substituted the provolone for sharp provolone. Great sandwich. Gf had the San Diego. Chicken, sharp provolone, roasted red pepper and pesto. Served on a panini roll. Also very good. We will definitely go back to try more! Eat it!
Uh, guys....what? I don't get it.

Have read all these rave reviews for a while and decided to finally check it out. I got a turkey sausage, egg, and cheese on an everything bagel, figuring 1) people had said good things about it and 2) sausage/egg/cheeses have a high margin of error so was probably a safe bet. Felt like chewing on a soggy cardboard box. The bagel was stale and bready, the cheese was a cold, kraft singles-type slice (it didn't even melt on my sandwich), and the turkey sausage was paper thin (I couldn't even taste it). I really cannot emphasize how tasteless of a sandwich this was. I drowned it in ketchup to make it through.

Fortunately, it wasn't pricey ($5), but the rest of their sandwiches were. For 8-10 bucks, you can get some way better stuff elsewhere.
When you walk somewhere in a polar vortex just to get a sandwich, I would say that place makes a pretty good sambo.

I tried the San Antonino in my first visit and it was delicious. They have so many sandwiches to chose from. My goal is to conqueror them all. Easier said then done.

Lots of tasty off bear drink products and chips. Didn't even think about dessert because I was so full.

Support this place!
I've wanted to the this place for a while. Finally made it in today for a lox bagel sandwich. The bagel ended up being pretty yummy, but the bagel isn't as warm as I wanted. Not a deal breaker though. The thing that stands out is the wait time. After I ordered, I noticed all of the people waiting around and seemingly for a while. In the end, it took 20 minutes to get this damn sandwich. And there weren't even many people waiting when I got in! Clearly a little unorganized or understaffed back there. There is also no room to wait, so I was awkwardly sitting on the window ledge, trying to not get smacked in the face by the door every time a patron entered or exited. 

I'll be back, but I'm definitely ordering ahead!
Hands down the best place to go for sandwiches in the area. The quality and menu options are so much better  than if you were to go to one of the corner delis or pizza places. 

I've tried the breakfast sandwich w/egg + pork roll, Austin, San Fran, and Denver. The Denver has been my favorite so far. I love chicken salad but hate when its swimming in mayo and dill. So glad this definitely was not the case here!
This fairly new addition to Fairmount has quickly become a neighborhood staple.  Why?  Because they got it right.  Great, fresh, and interesting sandwiches, super-friendly owners and staff, nice atmosphere and decor.  Not to mention a great location.  (A very welcome alternative to the long line and wait time at Mugshots, especially when you're ordering food, and especially on the weekends!)  Ryan and his family run a great little sandwich shop...keep it up!
My mom and I popped in here after visiting the Philadelphia Art Museum for a quick bite + coffee.  No frills shop, very tiny, with about 3 tables outside and 3 inside.  Ordered an ice coffee and also a San Francisco sandwich to share.  Coffee was fairly strong, and the sandwich was not bad, but kind of greasy.  It feels like I ordered the wrong thing though based on reviews here though..

Definitely not a bad spot to stop by if you're in the area and looking for a quick sandwich, but I wouldn't come out of my way either.  I like that they name all of their sandwiches after America's cities though, that was a super cute touch.
Ryebread is adorable and scrumptious! They have great service- The woman behind the counter was extremely helpful when I asked for a recommendation and the food came out super quick.

I got the crab cake sandwich, chips and an ice tea.  The crab cake was perfectly balanced with a little bed of mesclun greens, tomato and a delightfully buttery bun. I would eat this every week if I could. 

I highly recommend this place for a delicious lunch with a great environment.
I'm pretty excited to have discovered this year-old family owned sandwich shop in my neighborhood. Rybread has a really great origin story which makes me want to support them even more. The sandwiches are delicious and made with care. The only downside to customers is that there are often lines. If you are willing to stand outside or in the slim hallway to wait 10 or so minutes for your breakfast or lunch sandwich then I highly recommend Rybread!
Great iced coffee...Good sandwiches but not filling. The last two times I went the sandwiches were so small I left hungry. For the price I feel like there are other better sandwich options in the neighborhood.
I'm updating this since trying the infamous "RyBread" sandwich with the crabcake and chipotle mayo on a potato roll bun.  Not just great for a sandwich, but great in general.  I'm already wishing I got a second one for lunch tomorrow.  Fantastic.

Anyway, I was too harsh the first time around.  Obviously not every sandwich is gonna be great like this one- there will be hits and misses- but this one knocked it out of the park.  Plus, the San Diego panini is bangin', with roasted red peppers and pesto.

Also, the homemade chocolate cupcake with peanut butter icing was awesome.

I've been here enough in the past week to decide that it's definitely worth a 4 star rating, especially since every cashier I've encountered greets you with a smile.

As for the wait times, I barely waited tonight since it was a Tuesday so I'll remember to avoid this place on a sunny Saturday afternoon if I don't wanna wait forever.
Friendliest staff. 

Most delicious Thanksgiving between two incredibly flavorful slices of whole grain bread sandwich I've ever had. Trust, the Plymouth will change your life. 

Best, and biggest, chocolate cupcake with peanut butter frosting around. 

Coffee, both hot and iced, is the perfect balance of acidity, flavor, and texture.

My only complaint, the scones. While flavor is always great (though the jalapeno-laden ones could have smaller pieces of pepper), the interior is often... gummy? Maybe the batter is over mixed? Maybe it contains too much liquid? I don't know. But regardless, I will - and have - continue to eat them. A lot.
Good food, good coffee.  Ordered the New York panini (corned beef, sauerkraut, swiss, russian dressing on marble rye) and it was delicious.  Great for my South American sandwhich & coffee breakfast before hitting the art museum.
I honestly wish I could make it to Fairmount more often for breakfast, especially since it has places like Rybread. Actually, it's probably a good thing that my neighborhood doesn't have an equivalent, because this is where I'd be spending my money every morning.

In my case I'd be buying the OBX and a coffee every day. One is a delightful breakfast sandwich that's more satisfying than most full brunches in the area. The other is freshly brewed and rich, the way a bagel and sandwich shop should make it.
Good, safe, reliable, local place. Not special but is totally satisfactory. Coffee is drip, and just passable.
Whoa!!! Ryebread Cafe is so great!! I almost hope more people don't find out about it since the wait times are very reasonable and although they are busy there are always free seats. Big fan!

They have a really cool geographically-themed sandwich/panini menu which accounts for most of the food options. There are 3 vegetarian sandwiches and I have tried the Sante Fe (grilled portobello, squash, eggplant, caramelized onion, pesto) and the Hollywood (hummus, cucumber, red onion, shaved carrot). Both were delicious! 

The inside has a great feel and there is outdoor seating out front and in a rear patio. Very friendly staff. Since I am quite sick of the crowds and long waits at Mugshots this is a really great alternative for a quick weekend breakfast!
My mom and I went looking for lunch were directed to walk along Fairmount as there are a number of cafes there. We ended up stopping at Rybread, and we were certainly glad. The food here is amazing! I normally don't like to buy sandwiches when I'm out because honestly, it's not that hard to put stuff on bread, you can do it at home. But these sandwiches are WORTH IT. Amazing variety, super fresh ingredients, stuffed full of lots of tasty things. I only wish I actually lived closer so I could go more often!

We sat outside at the patio in the back which is small, but super homey. If you're in the mood for a great and easy lunch, definitely stop here.
Tucked away, right across from the CVS if you are having trouble finding it.  The sandwiches are great here. Call ahead and they can give you a time estimate for picking it up.  If you have to wait for it in the store, it can take a long time and there isn't much room.  The sandwiches are big and are usually fully loaded. There is an outside eating area if you bring a pet, or its nice out! Parking can be a bit of a problem since it is on Fairmont.
Rybread has dope sandwiches.  I don't care what you like, they'll have something to fit your taste.  They're a bit small but hey, we really shouldn't be eating $5 foot-longs in the first place, right?  Truly legit food here though and if I lived in the neighborhood I'd be here often.

At the end of the day it's still just a sandwich/salad/quick drink place.  A good one, but still.  I really wanted to write a review for this reason:

LOL at the Moko person that ate here every day for 10 months with "no option of going elsewhere" then dropped a 1-star on the place because they didn't offer a loyalty card, thus taking their daily meal 20 minutes away to Corner Bakery.  I hope that review was a joke.  If so, hilarious.  Well played claiming there's nowhere else to eat/ get coffee near here.  Really funny stuff.  If not...well...wow.  You're doing cities wrong.  You're doing Yelp wrong.
We've gone twice, once for breakfast sandwiches and once for lunch. It's a cute, clean little cafe with a lovely back courtyard with extra seats. The staff at the counter are always very friendly, even saying "Thank you!" when you leave. All in all the atmosphere, while very busy on a Sunday afternoon (seriously, there was a line almost out the door! even though it moved quickly), was quite pleasant. And even with the influx of people, they moved in and out quickly enough that it wasn't a problem to grab a table out back.

As for the food, it's a little pricey but totally worth it--everything was so fresh, and even though they're simple sandwiches (the one I had today only had four ingredients) the deliciousness lies in their simplicity and freshness. The breakfast sandwiches came on toast (several choices--I got white, boyfriend got multigrain, both were good); I would have liked the bacon maybe a little crispier and the egg maybe a little more yolk-y, but you couldn't beat the flavors. The coffee's also not bad.

The lunch sandwich was heavenly though. I got the Tucson, which is just thinly sliced turkey, thinly sliced red onions, Swiss cheese, and chipotle mayo, pressed on a sourdough roll. It wasn't very spicy but it was quite savory and satisfying. The sandwiches are just the right size; not too big, not too small. My boyfriend got a grilled cheese (cheddar) with tomato on multigrain that I took a little bite of, and it was also pretty good.

If I still lived around here, I'd totally be a regular.
Love this local spot! They have great breakfast and regular sandwiches. Service is prompt and prices o point. The always have outdoor seating which is perfect for those with dogs.
Ry Bread was AH-MAZING. My mom had the new york and I had the Savannah. Delicious, perfectly toasted and juicy.  I dont even eat sandwiches--but I will be coming back here regularly. The girl
Karen that made Our sandwiches and rung us up was sooooo sweet, informative, personable, and actually cares about customer service.  I would recommend RyBread to anyone!! If your in town and you want some melty goodness--stop by!
This family-run business was an instant success when it opened, and for good reason. The ingredients are the freshest and everything is made with care. The cafe is bright and comfortable and the service is friendly. Excellent coffee and breakfast sandwiches. Delicious lunch sandwiches. Bagels and bread from Le Bus and home-made carrot cake to die for. 

A much better alternative to the Art Museum cafeteria - tourists pay attention! And a great little spot if you just happen to be in the neighborhood.
They now serve dinner!  Well, sort of - they're open till 7 anyway.  And I have to say, they were VERY nice to me when I walked in at 6:57 (I'm sorry, I really wanted a sandwich!!.... and I left a nice tip!)  

The sandwiches are delicious - they have a creative menu but you can also design your own.  The desserts are delectable, I've tried the brownie and the cookie only so far.  For being more of your everyday desserts, they didn't have an everyday taste - moist and great tasting!
I wish I could give a 4.5 on this one. I have a special place in my heart for Rybread. They opened right after I first left Philly for the windy city. I remember returning to my old neighborhood and falling in love with their fresh bagels and delicious croissant breakfast sandwiches.

When I finally moved back to Philly, I moved a bit further up Fairmount ave for easy access to the city, but the Hollywood sandwich kept me traveling back to Rybread on a semi-regular basis.

My biggest downside is location. It's too far from the subway and the heart of the Fairmount/Spring Garden neighborhood and it's just too small. I heard they are moving up Fairmount ave a bit (which I'm hoping is true) because then this will be our go-to spot once again. Even if they don't, it's still worth the trek down to that end of Fairmount, just plan to carry out.
