My husband and I popped by Rybrew today while we were in the area. There were several people waiting outside for sandwiches, and once inside the phone was ringing with orders as well! 

My husband had a crab cake sandwich that he enjoyed, and I had the roast beef and cheddar sandwich which was absolutely delicious. I asked for the horseradish mayo on the side and I loved it! 

Rybrew peeps, there's some retail space on Washington Ave in Graduate Hospital. Just saying!
I wish I had stopped into Rybrew pre-Covid because it looks like a really dope place to chill especially the upper level. Definitely planning a trip back when I can do exactly that. 

In the meantime you can stop in and pick up some beer which I did.  The selection of crafts was pretty good. You can also get a variety of sandwiches and salads pick up or delivery for now. The guys at the counter were super friendly as well.
Felt compelled to review !! Lol" it's bin" awhile. The beer manager I believe Marie pary was her name gave me one hell of a feathery dark beer. Got a Santa Fe SANDWHICH and watched the aviator Lol lEo dio capo !
I had the crab cake sandwich and the sante fe sammiches. I shared the crab cake one and my friend agreed it was good. The Sante fe was ok kinda plain tho
Cheap bottles and cans? Yes, please.

If you're headed to Spot and 21+, you should consider grabbing some beer to BYO. It's right across the street, after all.

Rybrew has a solid selection of both local and national brews...for really great rates. I spent $6 on two cans recently. So nice.

They also offer food but I haven't tried that yet.

A visit to Brewerytown is complete when you stop here. Big fan.
Went there to support a friend. The menu items looked great. Ordered a soup first to eat in. Tuscan bean with spinach. It was warm and filling. As we were finishing up I ordered a 
banh mi sandwich and a side of potato salad. Let's start with the salad that's flavorless unless you like potatoes and mayo. And smelled sour when I opened the takeout box. You can't taste the other ingredients. The banh mi was burnt, the pork was tough and flavorless. I should have just stuck with the soup cause the rest of my take home meal was trash. Big disappointment. The only reason I have two star is the staff is very friendly
What a great little gem this place is, I wish there were more around!  Yelp suggested it after a trip to the zoo when we were searching for a close place - thank Yelp!  

The first thing we noticed was the huge and vast selection of beer, probably every kind I know of and many I don't.  Its the perfect place to try something new beer-wise or find your favorite brew.  Everything is pretty well priced also.  

It proved difficult to make a choice off of the extensive salad/sandwich/panini menu because everything looked so good.  I got the Santa Monica (basically a BLTA) and substituted the chipolte mayo - it was amazing!  Others in my group got the San Diego, Lake Tahoe, New York and the soup of the day.  Everyone was more than happy with their sandwiches and the bag of chips we split.  The portions are large, and the product seems very fresh.  

The staff was super friendly and helpful and didn't mind little twerks in the orders.  It should also be noted that they are super friendly to the gluten free diet, looking at the menu online you wouldn't be able to tell but they have gluten free bread, and other gluten free choices that made one member of our party (who sometimes has trouble eating out) very happy!
I ordered the San Diego Panini. It's pulled chicken breast, provolone, pesto, and red peppers on a panini.

The chicken breast in the panini was overcooked. It was dry and sticked to my teeth on the bite. 

The combination of flavors was good. Hard to go wrong with cheese, pesto, and red pepper. 

I was disappointed in the execution of the chicken breast on this sandwich.
A few friends and I decided to take a spontaneous trip to Philly during a 3-day weekend. I had to endure a grueling 10hr bus ride without food so I was quite hangry when I arrived. It was that awkward time where it's too late for lunch and too early for dinner, but luckily this place was right next to where I was staying and didn't have those weird hours. The space isn't that large, even when taking the upstairs into account. Their menu is quite extensive, however, as is their beer selection. A good variety of both meat and vegetarian options. Don't forget about their specials on the board!

The downstairs was full when we went so we had to go upstairs. Waiting for our sandwiches was the hardest part because all the smells traveled upward. Someone brought them up to us when they were ready and we got to chowing down.

Kalamazoo - Roast beef, cheddar, lettuce, white onion, roasted red pepper, portobello, caramelized onion, honey mustard on brioche. This sandwich was loaded! I could only get through half, but every bite was a flavor explosion. The cheese was all melty, the bread nicely toasted, the veggies evenly spread. Yum!

Sante fe - Portobello, squash, eggplant, caramelized onion, pesto, +/- cheese. When the veggie sandwich is better than the meat sandwich, you know you've got a winner. 

Java Head stout - Brewed with coffee beans. Tasted more like an IPA than a stout and couldn't really taste the coffee.

Yards Brawler - We both liked this better. More effervescent and less hoppy.

Overall, with delicious sandwiches and a wide selection of beers, this was a great way to start my weekend Philly trip!
My only shortcoming with Ry Brew is the lack of dairy free food items, and the using a V on soups to mean Vegetarian, tho not Vegan. Like - tonight - I am throwing away soup I thought was dairy free, but it ls vegetarian with a creme base. My bad, but it's happened a few times with the symbols on the food board. I love the shop tho rarely can eat there. So - I buy beer. Whatever: I'm glad they are on the block. I just wish they had a menu I could actually eat.
Great sandwiches and salads. Lots of seating and a large beer selection.
I love the Austin salad and it's always a ton of food. The San Fran sandwich is also delicious.
I wasn't a fan of the uber salty turkey corn chowder the other day.
All and all, great food spot.
Rybrew is an awesome rustic sandwich shop in Brewerytown. I never imagined sandwiches, chips, and beer being such an amazing combination. I found my Sunday afternoon spot!

The space is awesome for meetings, but does possess a little of that petit-bourgeois aesthetic that may leave some blue-collar PoC folks scratching their heads, but the workers are very nice and its very laid-back. Nice staff, great service, and great food!
When I was in 3rd grade I asked my teacher "What happens when Gentrification and Sandwiches collide" she looked at me and placed her hands on my youthful face and said " I have no idea dear, but I'll call you when I have the answer", that was in 1992, on Thursday she called me and said "Rybrew, Rybrew is the answer to your questions, I have seen it, it is glorious, you must go" and then she died on Saturday. You were right Mrs. Smith, this place is awesome
I really can't say enough good things about this place. It's my go-to spot whenever I'm able to find a reasonable excuse to go out for lunch. Bad day? Rybrew. Good day? Rybrew. Boring day? Rybrew.

They have a really incredible turkey sandwich topped with mayo, cranberry sauce, and brie. The ONLY issue I have with it is sometimes there's too much turkey and I want to taste more of the brie, but come on, that's a great problem to have. 

The staff is really friendly and very willing to offer suggestions. They also will give you that extra push you need to pick up that cookie that is practically the size of your face.

Even the place itself is just generally cool. They have seating upstairs and it's a great place to sip a beer, eat a sandwich and just relax.
Tried the pork banh mi from Rybrew for pick up. There is plenty of outdoor seating, and for those who'd rather have some air conditioning, there are a few seats inside as well. There are fridges stocked with many types of beers and a cool interior with two floors. Not sure what the second floor is about. 

Was able to eat my takeout order inside. There was a dispenser with free ice cold water, which was extra necessary in this hot summer! My banh mi was about regular size, and was actually on a grilled baguette, making it super crispy and satisfying. There was enough pork on the sandwich, a few pickled veggies, and not much mayo but the flavor was fine. There are a few sandos on the menu to try, as well as some salads. Good bread, alright sandwiches, I would try again.
More like 3.5.
Great sandwiches and salads. Lots of seating and a large beer selection.
I love the Austin and Hampton salads. It's always a ton of food and the chicken is well cooked. The San Fran sandwich is also delicious.
The Santa Monica is a huge BLT with bit of avocado. I wish they toasted the bread though.
My biggest gripe is with the soups. I got some turkey corn chowder once and tomato roasted pepper another time. Both soups were so salty and thick. I feel like they make the soups and either leave them out or reheat them without taking into consideration that the soups get thicker and saltier without some help. I couldn't even finish the tomato roasted pepper.
All and all, great food spot for salads and sandwiches. Also, a great place to pick up some beer.
I took off a star because this restaurant is one of the new spots on Girard that don't serve people north of it. I live three blocks north from Rybrew. I'm also currently six months pregnant. Rybrew will not deliver to me but will go to the art museum and further. It really irritates me. I would order once a week at least just for the cranberry, turkey, and Brie sandwich. But I'm not waddling my pregnant self over there just because I live a little too far north for snotty gentrifiers. 

It's three blocks!
Great beer selection (very well priced), awesome sandwiches, friendly knowledgeable staff, and local neighborhood owners.  Highly recommend to stop for a quick one and perhaps a game of shuffleboard.
The sandwich was just okay. I would return just to try other sandwiches since the reviews were so good.

The outdoor seating was very nice!
Rybrew is one of my favorite sports in Philly and I love how Brewerytown is the neighborhood that gets to have it! Anything you eat will be amazing and satisfy your hungry. The atmosphere is a mix between a coffee shop and bar, as I've seen people come solo and do work, while others gathered around the community table and drank beer. My favorite things to order are the San Diego panini and the house salad with chicken.
Amazing bottle selection at a good price point, delicious food, and friendly, cool staff. What more can you ask for? 
I don't get to Brewerytown often, but when I do, this place is a MUST!
After reading many glowing reviews here on yelp, I had to try Rybrew. Went with GF last night. The first thing that's striking is the reasonable prices for drinks. They have a very large selection of microbrews and conventional beers to choose from. The prices are ridiculously low compared to what you would pay at a standard pub. I think I paid $3.50 for a bottle of Victory Golden Monkey. Most other places would have charged  $6 or $7. 
It's basically self service. You chose a drink from the cooler, order a sandwich, pay, then they bring it to your table.
I ordered Shrimp and Corn Chowder, which was superb. It was flavorful, and had lots of small shrimp in it. It wasn't too salty, either (like soup can often be.)
I got a Charlotte sandwich, which was sliced turkey breast (which tasted fresh and house-made as opposed to processed lunchmeat). The thinly sliced turkey breast was paired with cheddar, pickles, red onion, tomato, and honey mustard. It was delicious. It was moist, flavorful, and very tasty. 
Also, the place appeared to be very clean and well-run. The staff were pleasant and helpful. 
For around 25 bucks, two people can have a good beer, a great sandwich, and maybe a soup or side to boot. Where are you going to beat that? Rybrew lived up to the yelp hype, and I'll definitely be back.
Nice clean neat n casual. Dope selection of classic-style sandwiches. Replicas from every major city's epitomal luncheon specialty plate are well represented. Place feels like a cafe/bar/lunchtruck combo. 

Terrific variety of beers, ciders and coolers for a low price and available for dine in or takeout. Weekly specials on soups and sandwiches keep this already large menu fresh and new.

Staff is always friendly, laid back, and helpful. Grab some wifi, some shuffleboard, and some convo in one of my neighborhood staples. 

Love ya brew!
Stopped in on a Tuesday to meet up with a friend for dinner.  I biked up here and let me tell you, Philly gets hilly above Arch St.

The beer case is populated with lots of tasty items at really nice prices.  I went with the savannah because it had real cranberry sauce (i hate the canned kind) and that was one tasty sandwich.  The only thing I could have asked for would have been a crunchy element for texture but with the flavor of it, I hardly missed it.  I paired it with a saison and some salt and vinegar chips.  Delicious.

When I'm back in the area, if I'm hungry or thirsty, I'll be stopping back here.
Rybrew has been one of the earliest additions to the Brewerytown area of Philadelphia. As a 3 year resident now, any place that can solidify itself on Girard Ave. for more than a year, I'm more than appreciative of. 

Rybrew is first and foremost a sandwich shop. A delicious one. I almost always get the "Buffalo" which is a shredded buffalo chicken sandwich, with your choice of bread or cheese (get Gorgonzola and Ciabatta!). My friends have tried many other meals and raved about them all. They have rotating specials as well which I have dabbled in and never been disappointed. My girlfriend would like to chime in and say "GET THE SANTA MONICA OR THE BLT AVOCODO!" Take this advice with a grain of salt though ... "NO YOU DON'T NEED TO ADD SALT, THEY'RE PERFECT!" (That was her again... sorry.)

Rybrew also has a fantastic amount of single can/bottle beers. You can mix and match your own six packs or just stop in to have a few at the variety of tables. There is a common high top in front, some lower window front seating, small group space at the back and individual tables upstairs which overlook the cook line and front of house. 

There are occasionally different events here like Open Mic's and beer tasting. I've taken part in both! If you like some acoustic originals and covers, come on down next time they host it!
I eat here every so often. Usually my go to spot for lunch if guests are in town as there is a sandwich for everyone.  My favorite: buffalo, on brioche with Gorgonzola.
Possibly my favorite sandwich spot in Philly. Located in Brewerytown, this place pretty much lets you make the sandwich of your dreams: never have I ever had the chance to jazz up a sandwich to my exact preferences, given I also tend to be a little picky when it comes to food.

My go-to here is a jazzed up version of the Banh Mi with some nice Sourdough bread.
My cousin and his wife live right near Rybrew and said they go here all the time. After ordering the Austin salad and relaxing on the second floor balcony area, I can see why! It's cozy and chill, and the salad was delicious. It was open mic night when we were there (Thursday) which I usually love, but the acoustics were a bit too loud. It was hard to have good conversation even on the second floor.
Excellent spot for fresh hot or cold sandwiches. The potato salad doesn't have seasoning  and it's perfect because I go home then add a smidge of sea salt and it's perfect.

I've been coming here for couple of years now and hands down the food is tastier then most sandwich deli types although it's not a deli. 

You can get unique i cream like cold brew & caramelized banana pudding which is my favorite. More importantly the staff is super friendly and will even help you pick out a good beer. Yep they sale beer here to. Imported and craft mostly and beer on tap. 

If you're in the area definitely stop by or call in your order.
From the owners of Rybread (also great), Rybrew is putting the brew back in Brewerytown! Located in what used to be an old toy store, this bottle shop is such a great addition to the neighborhood. 

The salads and sandwiches we ordered were incredible with decent portions, good value, and fresh ingredients. The selection of beers was extensive and reasonably priced. Please never stop stocking the Orange Blossom Cream Ale. 

Bonus: There is a shuffleboard table upstairs and to the left. You're welcome.
I loveee Rybrew. Everything they and Rybread (OG Fairmount location) have  is amazing! Every time I'm in the area and hungry, I eat here! Best salads and sandwiches. 

My favorite thing on the menu is probably the Rybread which is a crab cake sandwich on a brioche bun. SO GOOD. The Napa panini is yummy and vegetarian!

Recently I've been getting the house salad with a crab cake or tuna fish. There's outdoor sitting which is what I usually do. They have really cool, local kombucha's! I'm not a beer drinker but lots of beer options here.

The breakfast sandwiches are really good too. Something as simple as an egg and cheese on a bagel here is really so good.

Oh and the ice cream! A DREAM. I like their coffee. Can't wait to try more flavors!
I seriously hope everyone reading this flocks to this jawns. It's wondertastic! I stumbled upon it as I was carsharing home the other day and was so giddy to see it. I was even more titillated (yup) when I looked at their website: they have fridges of beer for you to pull out and drink there. Say what?! So instead of me paying $7 at the bar, I can come here, carefully select the Hard Cider from the fridge (because I'm a beer pussy), pay $3 and sit around there??? You know what that means: I'm gonna have liver problems soon. It's cool though. I'll work it off at the shuffleboard they have upstairs. BOOM! That may be faulty logic, but what I'm trying to say is that THEY'VE GOT AN UPSTAIRS. And it has SHUFFLEBOARD.

Sure, it's in a part of town you're not sure you want to wander drunk in. And they're not entirely on their feet yet, so the hours are a little wonky, the "decor" is a little lacking, but that's okay. They'll figure it out. Even if you're not gonna stay here to chill you can now rest easy knowing that there's a place in the Art Museum/Brewerytown area that has good beer for you to pick up and pack for home. And because it's on Girard, there's decent parking so you can run in and grab stuff without illegally parking. Just remember your quarter for the meters cuz we don't have those fancy kiosks up here. For me it mostly means no more crazy bike rides to Center City joints where I bike dangerously back with a case of my favorite beer, Mad Elf. My safety rests in your hands, Rybrew. God Bless.
This is one of our must-stops when we find ourselves on the Brewerytown side of Girard.

This stretch of Girard reminds us of up and coming Fishtown some 10+ years ago- and therefore, we enthusiastically show the restaurants here a little love whenever we're nearby (Art Museum, Whole Foods trip) etc.

Kudos on the fairly priced and quite tasty veg sandwich options (there were a few).

Double Kudos (is that a thing... double kudos? ... It is now). Anyhow we loved the incredible selection of bottled/canned beer. (Eat in or to go I'd imagine) 

When going, take the extra minute to go upstairs, and play a game of mini-shuffle board. You'll need a little exercise to make up for the yummy/ unique bag o'chips you just had to have.
I LOVE Rybrew. It is my favorite place in Brewerytown to grab lunch. There is an incredible selection of beers at really great prices. Also - the sandwiches!!!!! My absolute favorite is the Buffalo- shredded buffalo chicken with gorgonzola or mozzarella ( I personally usually go for just mozz) and it is soo good. I also love the Nashville and the Santa Monica. All of the sandwiches are super fresh and served on your choice of delicious bread. During the day it isn't usually very crowded and has a great low-key vibe. I sometimes will bring in my laptop and get some work done while I eat.
What can I say? They make killer sandwiches and salads, and then sometimes they add awesome suggestions to make an awesome sandwich even better, and you're like, wha?? How? YUM!!  And then they're always smiling, and friendly, and that also keeps me coming back - every Thursday, for 6 weeks now.  Consistency is hard in this day in age, but they're doing it, and well. Highly recommend.  And I haven't even checked out their cool evening live music events yet. We're lucky this place is in this neck of the woods, where good eats are few and far between.  I don't live in this neighborhood, but if I did, I'd probably be here every day. Kind of like a NW Philly, souped-up version of Breezy's cafe in Point Breeze.
My favorite local quick place to eat. Love the Buffalo sandwich! Everything tastes amazing!! Also how can you hate a place that has so much beer!
I've never been much of a sandwich eater until Rybrew showed up in my neighborhood! I go quite often (usually about three times each week) for the Napa (grilled) and sometimes Rybread.  I don't really drink alcohol, but they have a large variety of beers for those that do. The service and atmosphere are amazing!  I'm so thankful for this addition to Brewerytown!
Rybrew is a neat little place.
very friendly and helpful service.
a great beer selection.
the Bahn Mi was excellent.
and the ice cream flavors, omg!

highly recommend!
I live in the neighborhood and want these kids make it but they need to get it together. I have come in three times now and tried to order a pulled pork sandwich (which when they have it is great). When they have it is the operative term, they need to get their inventory under control. Unless there is a shortage on pigs I don't know about they should have enough of their most popular fare available at peak times. Get to together guys, we need to you succeed.
Ordered the Cuban and I must say, I liked it more than Panera Bread's. And I'm a big fan of Panera Bread. Staff is friendly. Especially knowledgable about the fantastic beer selection. Sean(?) is particularly helpful when crafting a six pack (he's the one with glasses and a beard). The only suggestion I'd give is to add a suggestions box (I'm a sucker for those things), yet at the same time I can't think of any suggestions to make them better. They're already the best.
Everything here is done right. I had an amazing sandwich Napa Panini and my friend got the Buffalo Panini. Both were really good. They take the time to really craft sandwiches. The vegetarian chili was also delicious. I like the beverage selection as well. They have a unique set of beverages to offer, which is appreciated. My only issue is that the prices were a little steep, but I would say they were still worth it. I would definitely come back here to try out more of the menu.
I love this place! 

definitely a great place to eat and pick up some brews. good beer selection and good menu.

I love the crab cake sandwich. definitely my favorite item on the menu.

they also have an assortment of other nonalcoholic drinks which is pretty sweet too. 

the staff is also very friendly.
The price is right (on the sandwiches, at least) and the relatively extensive selection of beer is nice. The acoustics SUCK, at least for conversation and a casual afternoon meal. A loud group of 8 at the front table made chatting all the way in the back room impossible. It's like an echo chamber. They also took 15 minutes to make two sandwiches, when no other customers were present. I don't see what the big deal is. I would get take out if I was passing by again and desperate. Since this is out of the way for me and I'm not looking for open mic events, I doubt I'll ever be back.
Brewerytown has been seeing a complete transformation in the last couple years. New places and gems popping up everywhere. This is one of them. Amazing paninis and great selection of craft beer to go along with that.
Do you like sandwiches that are crafted with magic and rainbows? Well, if you do Rybrew is the place for you. This lovely little shop marries well crafted sandwiches with a large beer selection. Who could ask for anything more?

The Kansas City (pulled pork sandwich with red cole slaw) is hands down the best pulled pork I have ever eaten. I am currently writing a rock-opera that captures my love of this sandwich.
The Buffalo (buffalo chicken with mozzarella) was mellow, but savory. The shredded carrots that dressed the sandwich gave the meal a good crunchy texture.

Rybrew offers a wide selection of beers. In fact the selection of beer is so enormous that it can seem overwhelming. However, the staff is kind enough to answer questions about the brew.

For the best pulled pork of your life COME HERE!
Awesome sandwich shop!! I have been here multiple times, have tried many sandwiches, and have never been disappointed. Every sandwich is made with love, I know this because each sandwich takes about twenty minutes to make. That's honestly the only downfall about Ryebrew. They also have a great beer selection which is also a great way to waste some time there. Oh an up stairs they also have a shuffle board table! So if you have a love for fresh and awesome sandwiches this is your spot.
Amazing and quaint little place in Philadelphia.  I was introduced to this establishment by a friend that I met for lunch. It's unique inside and very cozy. The specials are interesting and tantalizing. Prices are also very affordable. Food is fresh and made to order. They have all kinds of salads and soup and over 300 types of beer if you're looking for a cold one. They also have a hydration station and vast selection of juice, soda and water. Also had several kinds of homemade desserts. Our food was made fast, the portions were sizable and the taste was exceptional. The wait staff are amazing people!  Super friendly, very accommodating and a pleasure to be around. Truly a great little place in Brew Town.
If I lived in this neighborhood, I'd be here every day.  The beer selection is overwhelming, which is a good thing if you're a beer connoisseur.  I liked how they had all the seasonal beers in their own section.  Looking at all of the pumpkin beer options at once is easier than trying to locate them separately.  

Aside from the generous spiked soda section, they have a plethora of sandwich and panini options.  One sandwich filled me right up and it was tasty and made right on the spot.  

The space actually looks deceiving from the outside, as it's rather large inside.  A back room for sitting/doing work, an upstairs for chilling/eating or you can sit by the front window and watch passersby on Girard Ave.  

Great addition to an area of the city that is still up-and-coming.  I really hope Rybrew is here to stay.
Great so glad to have in our neighborhood 
The best sandwiches 
Lots of beer
Fancy gourmet sodas and chips 
Baked goodies for your sweet tooth
Great staff too
Good sandwiches, nice selection of bottled craft beers, and fair prices. Overall I would give the food and selection 4 stars, but the ambiance brings it down to a 3. I came in wanting to eat inside but the place was so incredibly smoky (open kitchen in the front) and unwelcoming that I ended up just eating in the car.
Got the first sandwich on the specialty breakfast menu. Odd combination of ingredients but really good. Lots of FlaaAAaaVa. Parking along Girard can be tough at times., it's affordable too
In terms of food, features a fantastic assortment of salads and sandwiches. I currently don't have a favorite but I'm trying a different one each time I go. Each time, I'll update this review with my latest reviews.

Rybread: Excellent crab cake and fixings. Just wish I had more each time I finish it.

Denver: If you're looking for a solid chicken salad sandwich, this isn't it. It needs something else, perhaps ketchup?

San Antonio: Pretty solid roast beef sandwich save for the overpowering horseradish flavor.

Kansas City: excellent and juicy pulled-pork sandwich! As a Kansas Citian, I approve whole heartedly. 

Napa: Absolutely delicious combination of mozzarella, pesto, and tomato slices. The balsamic glaze really ties it all together well. ***GET IT GRILLED.

San Fran (Panini): A very salty but tasty sandwich. I would say it needs a thicker slice of mozzarella or more tomato to thicken it.

Plymouth: Excellent stuffing, turkey, cranberry sauce combination on great multigrain bread. It's very dense but exactly what you need if you are craving a classic Thanksgiving sandwich in  July.

---

As for the salads, I've tried the Caesar, Hampton, and Austin. They're all bursting with flavor and large in terms of portions. They'll feed you as a meal alone. I'd recommend adding chicken to your Caesar (if you enjoy that).

Favorite? The Hampton - The roasted tomatoes and pesto make it for me!
One of our favorite casual date spots in the area--if only because we're smitten over sandwiches and beer. I haven't had a sandwich I didn't love at Rybrew, though I'd recommend the Philadelphia if you're a traditional hoagie enthusiast. The meat to bread ratio works for me, although it's heavy on the bread.

Beyond the menu, the beers are an obvious highlight. We enjoy sour beers and have recommended a few on their beer wish list hanging on the wall. I can attest that they had stocked some more sours the next time we arrived--coincidental or not.

Lovely staff, cozy spot, great place for a quick bite or a date. A must-try in Brewerytown!
PROS:
1) Delicious sandwiches.
2) Great beer selection - at great prices. (Make a six-pack!)
3) During my first visit the staff was extremely helpful and friendly.   
4) Shuffleboard upstairs. 
5) Very clean one person bathrooms. 

CONS:
*Edited due to changes*
Cool place with a decent selection of food and a large variety of beers. I had the banh mi, an iced coffee, and a chocolate chip cookie.
    Staff was friendly and helpful. Coffee hit the spot, added my own sweetener and milk. Banh mi came out quick and hot. I'd say the flavors were quite good, but my own personal preference is for roasted, sliced pork, and they make it with a pulled pork. It was almost a little too tender/soft. Again, just my own preference. Roll was soft and just crunchy enough on the outside without being too hard. Jalapeños had a kick and the pickled veggies/cucumbers were just the right amount of sweet/sour. The sandwich as a whole, was pretty good. They offered to warm the cookie in the microwave and it came out just right. Slightly soft, not too dense, and also not too sweet.
     I'd be curious to try some other sandwiches.
Tasty tasty Sammies and a good beer selection. Not too expensive. Good quality. Highly recommend the buff chicken panini.
I have never had a panini this good. (I got the Tucson.) The first bite was glorious and so full of flavor, my mind felt blown. The bread was divine, with the perfect amount of crispiness and crunch. Unlike other paninis or toasted sandwiches I've had, I didn't feel heavy, greasy, or nauseous by the end of it. And this was at a very reasonable cost, especially considering the quality. 

The service was excellent; I didn't wait long for my sandwich and the person at the counter brought it over to me, though he really didn't need to. It was a very chill place and seemed to have a lot of seating, with a balcony above. I imagine this would be a good spot to work and enjoy some food or drink (or ice cream!) - if only I lived in Philly!
Stopped in today for sandwiches-they were out of stuffing for the plymouth, out of mozzarella for the napa, and also out of hummus for the hollywood. Nice! We live in the neighborhood, but won't be back. Who's running this place? Management should take a look at how other sandwich shops/cafes operate - I would suggest actually having ingredients available to make your menu items, as a start - before losing even more customers.
I work at a salon right down the street and this is my go to place before work. It's the only place I've ever ordered a salad and been dreaming about it since. They are friendly, accommodating, and make me want to come back every time. They also have a great beer selection. There seating sucks, but today I did get a nice sidewalk seat! I wish they had better breakfast but the salads and sandwiches are 5 star
I went to Rybrew for the first time recently. As soon as I walked in I was greeted by the very friendly cashier who is also the one who delivers everyone's orders to their tables. My friend ordered a draft beer and a sandwich I got a New York sandwich (basically a reuben) and grabbed a stella from the fridge. We both paid about $11, and were very happy with the food

For drinks they have plenty of draft options, but I am personally in love with their wall of fridges filled with options from ciders to stouts. 

The atmosphere of the space is just wonderful. There's a huge table right inside the door, a smaller room in the back, and 5 tables upstairs. If you have a larger group, or if you were like the one college kid set up with a beer and a laptop you should be good.
Very tasty sandwiches, friendly service, good beer selection (bottles only), cool ambiance, and free shuffleboard. Service was a little slow but all the sandwiches are made to order which is to be expected. All in all a pretty hip place.
Very low key, no frills kind of place. They have a solid selection of beer (both for sitting and enjoying and take out), and their sandwiches are well made. They also have shuffleboard upstairs! Good for take out!
Grabbed sandwiches for a pandemic picnic. They let me order and pay on the phone so I could just run in and pick up. The lady recommended 3 sandwiches and they were all good: a caprese, a buffalo, and something else that was really good. 

Highly recommend!!
My favorite sandwich shop in the city. All of the sandwiches blend fresh ingredients and a little bit of love. You seriously cannot go wrong with anything on the menu here. My personal favorites are the San Diego and the Santa Monica with turkey added on. In addition to the sandwiches they also have an unreal beer selection, with hundreds of different singles available. One of the best little spots around.
Excellent food!! I have had both sandwiches and salads here and everything I have ordered has been wonderful. They have very fresh ingredients which makes their food that much better. They also have a nice selection of beers and they are helpful and knowledgable. I would definitely (and have) recommend rybrew!!
Great paninis, great selection of craft beverages, and they also don't play around with their chip selection. Staff was real cool on top of it all!!
Let me preface this review by I had my two kids with me (one less than a year old and another one that's 3) along with my husband. We just came from the Please Touch Museum starving for lunch. We were going to eat at the place across the street but there was no tables available.
Quickly used Yelp to search for any other restaurants and found this cute place with high reviews.
We walked in, the door held by someone who worked there. It was obvious we've never been there and we had to ask how to be seated instead of being asked to be helped.
The ambiance  was airy, relaxing and cozy at the same time. They had steep stairs going to the 2nd floor where they had additional tables including highchairs.
It was disappointing to find that they only had sandwiches/paninis and salads with limited sides.
My husband got the San Antonio sandwich. He said it was delicious ! I ordered the Caesar salad because none of the sandwiches/panini really jumped out at me. It was okay, nothing to rave about.
While I get that there are some places that may specialize in certain foods, I wish there may have been something else for younger kids. 
I would've rated higher if their menu catered to all types.
I still prefer grabbing beer at Crime and Punishment, but Rybrew is awesome. No added charge for grabbing beers from the cooler, which you can drink with your meal. On point sandwiches and hilariously large salads.

One star off for the coffee quality, which isn't good, but everything else is delicious. Great beer selection overall--great taps and bottles/can selection--and a terrific staff. 

I've been a handful of times since moving to Philly, and that's not changing anytime soon.
Just had the roast beef sandwich and it was amazing. Large menu, delicious snacks including cupcakes and an even larger sandwich and salad selection. I will be back.
