tl;dr a hole-in-the-wall Halal diner with the best chicken sandwich in Philadelphia

If you ask most any University City resident where to get some satisfying Halal food, they more likely than not will point you toward one of the numerous Halal food carts scattered around Penn's and Drexel's campuses. But those who are in-the-know (and are feeling particularly generous) might disclose to you West Philadelphia's best-kept secret: Saad's. A completely unassuming diner surrounded by still-standing Philly rowhomes, it's not surprising how few people have been bold enough to give it a try. The walls are decorated with religious and cultural imagery and signs forbidding the use of cell-phones. During busy meal hours, the tables will be filled up with individuals and families alike. Walk to the back of the restaurant to place an order, then try to scope out a table as you wait for your name to be called (during busy times, it may take up to 30 minutes) with your fresh-cooked meal. Payment is cash only, but if you forget to bring some, there is an ATM next to the front door.

Now on to the food! Saad's delivers up one of the best sandwiches in Philly in its $9 Chicken Maroosh: a footlong toasted hoagie roll stuffed with grilled chicken breast, fresh tomatoes, crisp pickles wedges, a touch of parsley, and a slathering of mouth-watering garlic sauce. But don't count out Saad's other dishes. The fries are perfectly cooked with a crispy outside and soft inside, and this side is plenty to split between two people. The platters, while seemingly pricey, are delicious and big enough to last for 2 or 3 meals.

Saad's is the kind of place that I crave out of nowhere, then walk a mile out of my way to get. As much as you can read or hear about this place, you really won't believe the hype until you go. And to be clear -- the hype is real.
After moving out of Philadelphia, I thought I'd miss the nightlife, the good company, the nightly runs along the Schuylkill and up the Art Museum stairs, but actually... what I really really yearn for is the FOOD! 

Saad's, I've missed you immensely. 

I've been day-drooling about Saad's for a while now. I hyped it up for the past three years to my fiancé who's never had it. We finally went last week and even years later - it is absolute perfection. After boosting it up for so long, I was scared that it wouldn't live up to my fiancé's expectations. I eagerly watched him take his first bite of his chicken maroosh, and he loved it! 5 stars from him too! :D 

I always get the falafel maroosh (you can get it in chicken, lamb, beef, etc) with a side of fries. The maroosh is a long hoagie roll grilled to perfection stuffed with a luscious garlic sauce, falafel, sliced tomatoes, Lebanese pickles, and finely chopped parsley. So simple, yet so damn good! They give you sriracha and ketchup (goes great on the maroosh!), and I recommend asking for garlic sauce on the side too - delicious. 

You can't go wrong with the fries - crispy with the ideal crunchy:soft ratio. Actually they're a must have here. Food takes a few minutes to come out, but worth the wait because it comes out "hot and fresh out the kitchen!" Also, the portions are huge so you not only get a bang for your buck, but more yummy food for later! (And yes, the maroosh tastes just as good when reheated at home!) 

The restaurant is located away from most of Philly's known attractions, located in the suburbs towards the west side of town, but 110% worth the travel. Street parking can be difficult to come by, but if you're willing to walk a few blocks - you'll certainly find something!  Saad's is on the corner in a small hole-in-the-wall type of place - as most of the best restaurants are. It's small inside, but very clean. I can be a bit of a germophob so I was majorly impressed that they sanitize every single ketchup and sriracha bottle after a customer returns it. #thelittlethings 

When I wrote my original review for Saad's back in 2013, I was more of an amateur... giving out 5 stars like it was no big deal. Now, I'm much more discipline and only give 5 stars to the best of the best. Saad's 5 stars still holds true. It consistently hits the spot and is certainly one of my top 5-favorite restaurants in Philly. Highly recommend!
Saad's started as a Halal lunch truck at 38th and Spruce and eventually turned into the thriving restaurant on 45th and Walnut. I have lived in University City for 25 years and I don't remember exactly when they opened, but I DO know that I've been eating at Saad's for a very long time and I'm not sure why I have never reviewed it. Well, here it is! Probably not necessary to say that this place is, "the real deal". It serves a good purpose for the community and does so with efficiency, courtesy and very delicious food. Over the years I have had a variety of things on their menu and my three kids have their "regular" orders. One always orders the chicken wings and fries...the wings are fried just right, crispy, lots of flavor and not greasy and Saad's fries are some of my favorite. My oldest always orders the Greek salad. This is one of my favorite "meal" salads. It's packed with feta, grape leaves, sesame sticks, olives, creamy feta and pickles! So good! My middle child always orders the cheesesteak. Saad's rivals any in the city. And me? Chicken shish tawook the maroosh way. Oh my gosh. This sandwich is amazing. The garlic sauce alone is a reason to order it, but the fresh chunks of chicken, the pickles, tomatoes, parsley and the best hoagie roll...my mouth is watering just writing about it. In addition, Saad is doing an amazing job, keeping his staff safe and his customers safe during covid. He has installed a huge plastic divider with a small "pick up" door for no contact pick up. There is also a door for entering and a door for exiting that is enforced. Since the entrance into the "yellow phase" soon to be "green" there are bistro tables set up outside on the sidewalk. Saad's reputation for food and customer service stand for themselves and are pretty legendary in Philly, so really there is not a need for my "glowing" review. But I wanted to "glow about it" anyway. I appreciate Saad's and his steadfastness of good food and diligence for which he runs his restaurant. I'm glad I am just a few blocks away.
Holy halal cow! Is it possible to LOVE a chicken sandwich this much? 

I am pretty sure they must put CRACK ADDICTIVES in the chicken maroosh because it is just THAT good. The medley of  grilled chicken, sauteed onions, lettuce, tomato, parsley, pickles and garlic sauce on a toasted hoagie roll is divine. Oh the garlic sauce.....

Order the Chicken Maroosh Sandwich and your life will be forever changed.
I talk Saad's up left and right, often calling it the best falafel in the city. I used to live right around the corner, and this place was a constant temptation. The falafel balls are crispy, the pita is fresh, and the whole place is a happy bustle of busy folks without the annoyance of cell phones (they're banned) and under the blanket of Islamic prayer chant. 

I once wrote a grad school folklore paper on this place, it's so diverse, and a great place for a neighborhood folks to run into each other. Saad's smiling face, his generosity and kindness towards customers, and his ability to remember my name and order make every visit a treat. 

The only bad news - they are no longer using the pickled beets I LOVE and switched to a pickled cucumber. I hope the red slivers return soon. Oh, and give up on trying to go during Ramadan. Saad closes down for the whole month.
I've been hearing about Saad's for awhile and not sure why I waited so long to try it but I finally did and it was good.

I ordered the falafel sandwhich and it consisted of three falafels, lettuce, tomatoes, pickles and tahini sauce. The tahini sauce was delicious and the pita bread tasted very fresh. 

The sandwhich was huge and would've probably taken me two days to finish it if I haven't giving the other half away. Overall service was fast, restaurant was clean and staff was very friendly. Oh prices are right too. I paid 6.00 for good portions.

Forgot to mention that I heard their maroosh sandwhiches are bomb! I'll have to try that next time!
Best lamb wrap I've had. Someone had told me how great this place is and I didn't believe how good a lamb wrap could be until I got one here. 

The four people I was eating with all said this is the best lamb wrap also!! The lamb was so tender and juicy and it's not sliced lamb but big pieces. It's not just the meat that was mind-blowing but also the white sauce they use. Not sure what their secret sauce is, but it tasted different from the regular tzatziki/yogurt sauce. They are also known for their halal version of Philly cheese steak and the maroosh (instead of pita wraps they use hoagies). 

My boyfriend said the chocolate baklava from here is amazing and their fries are also delicious. Will be back soon, this place is a gem! 

Tip: They do charge a 15% service fee for dine in
Praise Allah, this place rocks. Best Falafel in the city, hands down. The shwarma is banging. The hummus is yummus. And the chicken maroosh makes me want to call someone and share my good fortune - however, Saad's is a cell-phone free zone (yay!), so that's out of the question. The prices couldn't be better, Saad himself couldn't be nicer, and the food couldn't be tastier. Get it.
After several years of my fiancee telling me about how good this place is we finally made it down.  And I wish we lived closer :) the food is amazing the subs are something else and the fries are pretty freaking solid.  If you came to eat then you will definitely leave very satisfied.  The subs are big and packed with goodies.  I got the Chicken Maroosh and my fiancee got the falafel maroosh and both were delicious.  The flavors you get in these subs are something specific to saads and thats why they are getting five stars.  

The subs are so good even if your full you will want to eat it anyways because it is a unique taste filled with flavor.  If you live around the area I am definitely jealous I would probably eat here way to often so it can be dangerous.  But either way if you haven't tried Saad's then your missing out the food is great and the services is top notch!
I literally have driven 3 hrs just for Saad's. Consistency is always amazing the food is fresh, cooked to order just cant be better. The best chicken maroosh sandwich and the garlic sauce OH MAN that garlic sauce words cant describe how i feel about that garlic sauce. Love saad's!!! The best would relocate if my work permitted.
Finally went to give Saad's a try after I went shopping at Second Mile Center (check out that review too!). At First I was taken aback because it looked like an overcrowded Middle Eastern pizza joint. I became even more confused as I realized how long I was waiting for my sandwich and realized exactly how many other people were sitting to wait down for their delectable treats as well. But as soon as I took the first bite out of my lamb shawarma sandwich the answers started to become a lot more clearer. Damn is their food good!

despite the wait the service was great and the people were friendly. and it definitely has plenty of great vegetarian options (I'm really craving some hummus right about now!). the only thing that I really found unnecessary was their American options like a Philly Cheesesteak. I could really picture them offering that stuff just to please certain customers even more. I could also picture those options being amazing. But I just can't fathom why anyone would go to Saad's to try that kind of food.
saad's might not be the best falafel in the city, but it's the best falafel in west philly. plus, they've got those amazing ali's bean pies (with the "come back taste"), delicious fries, and saad himself. i adore the tacky interior and the pretty wall hangings, and i especially love the no-cell-phone policy. 

i recommend that you stay away from the strawberry moss drink, but everything else i've had there is delicious.
First of all, let me start by saying "hello" I anyone who reads this, because it's polite to speak EVERYWHERE. Lol secondly, saad's has the BEST LAMB WRAP ANYWHERE! not just west Philly or south Philly or north Philly but any part of Philly! Seriously, the amount of  tender juicy lamb put on a wrap for 8 bucks blows my mind. The wait is never long unless you go on the weekend, but their closed Sundays understandably. The seasoning and sauce is a great balance of sweet and spicy. I've had lamb wraps literally anywhere you can think of but nothing beats Saad's. Not by a mile...
What a great place this is...  from the slightly odd ambiance, to the various ethnic make-ups of the people eating, to the odd smell upon entering, to the absolutely wonderful food!  I've been here but one time.  However, I will be returning with extra people next time.  Big thumbs up from me.

Saad himself is quite the jolly fellow in his own right.  How a person can retain such exuberance in the service industry in Philly is beyond me... but kudos to him.  I think we could all learn a lesson from his positivity.  

The Chicken Maroush is out of this world.  A big smile came over my face upon first bite.  The french fries are really crispy and delicious as well.  Though I have to admit I was a bit bummed out when Saad told me he no longer makes kibbeh, as that's what I was really craving in the first place.  Oh well.  I'll return nonetheless.

TIP:  Save yourself the trouble of parking, and just take the EL to 46th Street.  It's only a few blocks walk from there.
Just ate there yesterday. It was so good. Try falafel maroosh way!! OMG!

And I don't think anybody can not agree that Saad is the friendliest business owner ever. I mean, he's always smiling and is just so sweet, willing to accomodate your order.

They are about to be closed for a month, get it while the gettins good!
Highly recommend any maroosh. Chicken, beef, ect. Nice cozy restaurant with warm and friendly workers. I don't recommend the Philly cheesesteak but everything else was good.
We've been back to Saad's a bunch of times since moving here and I wanted point out a couple menu items that have stood out OTHER than the chicken maroush:

-- Baba Ganoush. Got this as part of their vegetarian sampler (which is well worth the $11 or whatever it is) and was blown away by how good it was. Normally I shun baba ganoush and go back to my old friend hummus, but this stuff is the truth. Smoky, bursting with flavor... so good.

-- Lamb Shwarma. Blasphemous as it may sound, I have come to actually prefer this to the chicken maroush. The meat is SO SO SO SO SO tender. Pulls like a professionally smoked brisket and is incredibly juice. The sauce it comes with is chock full of garlic, as well as parsley and cuts through the richness of the lamb perfectly. Add a toasted pita to hold everything together and you've got a champion of a sandwich. GO GET THIS RIGHT NOW!!
This is an incredible, world-class establishment. Definitely in my top three restaurants in the entire city of Philadelphia. Saad is one of the friendliest people ever and it's a great place to come with friends (not dates, unless the two of you are cool like that). 

If you go here and write a review about how you got anything other than the Chicken Maroosh, I don't know what you are doing with your life. This is the best sandwich I have ever had in my entire life, which has mostly consisted of eating sandwiches. If you are vegetarian, I understand. If you eat only halal, I kind of understand (this place has halal selections of many things - cheese steak, chicken wings, etc.). If none of the above, please do yourself a favor and just order the Chicken Maroosh and/or stop writing reviews on Yelp. 

The baklava here is underrated. I always liked it more than Manakeesh, who usually burns their baklava. 

Bottom line, this is the gem of West Philly and you should go here ASAP.
I'm usually hyper critical of halal places... Because people who only eat halal tend to hype places up simply because they are halal.

This place was actually very good.

Garlic sauce - 5. Chicken maroush - 4. Kefta kabob and falafel 3.5.
Every once in awhile I come across a place I cannot believe have not reviewed yet. Saad's is around the corner from my house and I have visited them many times. This is a true West Philly gem. There is no other part of town, not even you fancy pants Center City, that I have found to serve as good Middle Eastern food as Saad's.

My staple is the Chicken Shish Tawook platter. It comes with grilled chicken, rice, and two sides. The chicken is perfectly grilled. The rice is plump and juicy. There's a white garlic sauce that's real tasty. I always want extra because it really makes the chicken and rice that much more tasty.

My favorite side is the Tabouly salad. It is bomb-tastic. I've had this before and did't care for it, but Saad's not only makes me care for it, but love it. It is always so fresh and the juices are sublime.

I've rotated for my second side. I've gotten hummus several times and it's awesome. Same for the baba ghanouj. I recently got the Greek salad and it too was great. I have also got fries a few times, mostly because my daughter is a fry lover. They're good fries, but this is not why you go to Saad's.

One time I got the Chicken Shish Tawook Maroosh Way sandwich. I good lose my mind over this sandwich. There's no way this can be good for your heart, but it tastes oh so good. One day I will get it again, I am sure of it. But I must brace myself for how good it tastes and what it might do to my artery.

Giddy-up!
This place is awesome.  

It's the little things, really.  From the numerous "no cell phone" signs to the fact that the gentleman who helped us seemed just so happy to take our order. 

Unfortunately, the food is not really that healthy in that it's laden with oil and mysterious white sauces that are either mayo or cream-based. Still, it's totally last-meal-on-earth type food in that I would happily eat it if I was going to die within 24 hours.  

But focusing on the positive, I would suggest going here at least once as it's a funny, weird experience that was really a great time.
We had to order using door dash for pick up. So I just grabbed and go. We ordered falafel sandwiches, Philly cheese steak sandwiches and fries. The sandwiches were good, especially the falafel. The serving sizes are large too. However I expected more cheese on the Philly like how other spots make it with cheese sauce. 

They could be better considering it's a staple in Philly and they're the only halal spot of its kind. You have to be very specific with the ordering otherwise they give you a plain sandwich. The owner was helpful and confirmed with me my order when I came in to ensure they're were no mistakes. 

Over all decent spot but I would not travel to Philly just for this. It was nice to try while there.
Saad's is the best Middle Eastern food in the city. Best maybe i've ever had. Don't believe me? Try the Lamb Kabob sandwich. That lamb tastes like it was killed with a machete, and knowing Saad, it probably was. The weird thing about this place is that all the Muslims in there are always eating American food like wings and cheese steaks. This place is Halal, which is like Islamic Kosher, so i guess it's the only place hardcore Muslims can eat that type of food. And i bet it's pretty tasty, but if you find yourself there, make sure to order the middle eastern food, cuz it's the balls. p.s. i gave them a check for dessert cuz they have rice pudding and baklava.
I had read the reviews before coming here so I had an idea of what to expect. My expectations were high. 

You will have to street park somewhere nearby but there are several little streets in the area. 

The restaurant is located at a street corner, pretty easy to find. It's quite small inside and there's limited seating. I came on a Thursday evening around 7:30 and a good number of us were standing around waiting for tables to open up. However, the food takes a while to come out so a table will probably open up by the time the food is ready. Beware that people may get a little competitive over getting seats. The workers seemed a little stressed because it was busy. The food probably took around 20 minutes to come out. 

I ordered the chicken maroush sandwich because it seemed to be the most popular item on the menu. It did not disappoint. The bread had a nice crunch to it and I believe it was buttered. The chunks of chicken were perfectly warm and tender. There was some type of white sauce on top of the sandwich that had a great flavor. There were also pickles, tomato slices, and freshly chopped parsley on top. The combination of all these things together was simply delicious and very satisfying to eat. The sandwich is pretty large but is so good that I had no problem finishing the whole thing (though I was still really full a few hours later). I'd say it's an excellent way to spend $8. The fries were also quite delicious. They had a nice texture. 

I'm looking forward to coming back!
Two things: 
1) the meat is supplied by a local butcher, and is organic AND halal 
2) the "no cellphone" signs are apparently a real thing.
best french fries I have ever had.  ever.  you might wait a long time if you go at lunch or dinner unless you call your order in.  the falafel is pretty excellent as well, but mostly I just care about the french fries.
Lately, I find myself gravitating towards mom and pop restaurants that make bomb food for a highly affordable price, and what a better place to come to than Saad's in West Philly. I'm honestly sad (see what I did there ;) that I didn't find this gem sooner! 

Likes: 
- Chicken Marrosh $8 - Sautéed onion, tomatoes, parsley, pickles, and grilled chicken on garlic sauce and toasted hoagie roll. OMG the garlic sauce is the star of the show! Its soo good! The hoagie rolls too! I see why so many yelp reviews rave about it. Its crunchy, crispy, warm and just the right amt. of bread to hold all its contents, yet not so thick that you're carb loading. Its the perfect ratio of veg, chicken, and roll. Not the best sandwich I've ever had, but good enough to make me want to go back again and again. 

- Lamb Marrosh $8 - Very similar to the chicken, but with more way more lamb meat. Even if you don't like lamb, I think you'll like this. The meat is moist, soft and the typical lamb smell is not poignant. 3 other people in my party enjoyed the lamb more, but I personally prefer the chicken.

- Hummus Side w/ Pita bread - For a small size, this was a lot of hummus. We couldn't finish it and ended up taking left overs home. I wasn't a fan of the olives place on top, but the hummus itself was good. Will be sure to order extra pita bread next time. 

- Baklava w/ Pistachio $1.75 - 2-3 pieces of baklava enough to share w/ 2 people. The soft pistachio filling was a nice surprise with the flaky sheet layers. 

- Great portions for a great price! - The foot long marrosh sandwiches are enough to share between 2 people depending on appetite. The huge $14 platters are definitely enough to share between 2 or 3 people.  

- Authenticity - When I see Middle Eastern families pack the restaurant, I know I came to the right place. 
- Tons of Vegetarian options! 
- Great for take out!

Dislike 
- As always cash only
Was super excited to try their cheesesteaks as I heard that they were on of the best! However, it looked better than it tasted. I expected more cheese and juicer meat. I'd say this meal with pretty average. I'd order ahead of time because they are usually busy. The prices are reasonable.
Highly overrated. It's a great thing to have a halal place and they are all very friendly but going strictly on the food, it was surprisingly over-hyped and under-delivered. The cheesesteak sandwiches were decent.. 3/5, needed some salt/seasoning, something/anything. 

I felt the same way for the maroosh which is their most popular Arab dish. It was pretty bland. It had flavor but it was still on the bland side. 

I don't think it's worth the drive from where I am in Central Jersey (40 min) to get Saad's, but in Jersey I rather drive out to Paterson.
Scene: Saad's Halal Restaurant. A morose looking, young Indian male named Jeff (that's right, Jeff, not some name you can't pronounce, and no Jeff isn't adopted) walks in and sits down with a group of his friends, one of whom is hereafter referred to as "Lebanese friend."

[Lebanese friend]: Hey d*uche.
[Jeff]: Yo...
[Lebanese friend]: Tell him (points to Saad) that you want a Shawarma sandwich, Lebanese style.
[Jeff]: ... What?
[Lebanese friend]: Just do it.

(Jeff walks to the counter and orders a "Shawarma sandwich, Lebanese style.")

[Saad]: Absolutely, we'll get that ready... Hey! (points at ignorant dude talking on the cell phone while standing in line) You can't use the phone in here! Can I get you anything else?
[Jeff]: No, that's it. 
[Saad]: Ok, We'll have that right out. 

(5 minutes pass)

[Saad]: Order for Jeff! Ah, now I see why you ordered that. Lebanese friend told you to, didn't he?
[Jeff]: Yeah he did. 
[Saad]: Enjoy, my man. Let me know if you need anything.

(Jeff walks back to table and devours incredibly filling sandwich in silence while his friends talk.)

[Jeff]: That was... the best sandwich I've had in a long time.
[Lebanese friend]: You're welcome.
[Jeff]: What's the difference between Lebanese style, and regular?
[Lebanese friend]: They add j*zz in the Lebanese style[1].
[Jeff]: Oh wow... I like it!

I'm not sure why I felt the need to tell this story, but that's really how it played out. The day went from utterly horrible to pretty decent after that meal. And you can use the phone in there, but only if you're someone Saad knows well. It's pretty funny watching people trying to be inconspicuous about using their phones, like somehow they feel special for disregarding a really simple rule. And debit cards are usable as well, but only if you're willing to take a fifty cent surcharge hit.

The chicken marroosh (spelling?) is also delectable, delightful, downright dandy.

[1]They actually don't add anything unsavory or inappropriate.
Thanks to Yelp, one of my first meals in West Philly had to be from Saad's. And while the thought of pickles and yogurt in my grilled chicken hoagie weirded me out a bit, I delved into the famous chicken maroush sandwich and will never look back.

First of all, I don't think people have accurately expressed out massive this sandwich is (especially for the price). The chicken is so juicy, slightly charred on the outside, and bursting with flavor. Mix that with creamy maroush sauce and crunchy pickles and you've got one (well, really more like 25+) awesome bites.

My sister tried the falafel sandwich w/hummus, which was ridiculous large for being under $5 (seriously lasted her two meals). 

The service was quick and very friendly, although next time I'd probably call in my order so I don't have to wait there for it to be ready.

Will definitely be one of my main spots for cheap and killer food in West Philly!
I don't need you. I don't need you. I don't ....need you.  I don't need you, but I want you.  I didn't know the name.... maroush/maroosh....  all I know is that a friend bought me a chicken sandwich that he said I must try.  It's well-seasoned, saucy, filling, and, apparently, a local Philly fave.  I'd make this a twice-a-month lunch, if I lived there.... sigh.
I have been going to Saad's for years and have always enjoyed falafel and fries.  I went there this evening and the falafel was of poor quality.  The falafel balls themselves were cold, inside and out.  The pita bread was dried out and totally cold.  Well...OK... just a bad day...I figured they could take it back and warm it up a bit.  I went to the owner and he assured me that it's supposed to be cold because the tahini cools down the falafel.  When I explained the inside of the falafel balls were cold too; he just grabed it from me and gave me my money back; and humiliated me in front of some other customers insinuating the problem was with me and he and his staff could do no wrong.    So I left...and will never go back.  (even though I really wanted to the eat the fries but I was too humiliated to stay).   Usually good food but bad service today.
Worth the hype.  My boyfriend and I walked from our 36th & Spring Garden apartment to this place because we also wanted to check out the thrift store nearby.  He had the hummus and falafel sandwich, I had the baba ganouj and falafel sandwich.  Mine was better, no doubt.  Although, next time I'll try the version that has BOTH spreads....drool.  Their menu is extensive and the seating isn't fancy or anything, but you won't spend much time in the chairs gobbling down the deliciousness anyway.  The surrounding area is pretty, and after your meal I recommend getting some coffee at Green Line down the street.

Update: I went here a second time and had the falafel maroosh way, per Yelp recommendations-- now I can't decide which I like better (this time it also came with pickled celery, and althought I'm not a celery fan, I loved this stuff!).  Guess I'll just have to get one of each every time I go there from now on.
I love Saad's just because it smells so great.  As for the falafel, call me spoiled, but I don't think it is thaaaaat great.  It is exponentially better if you get it with tabouli.  To bring the point home--I don't order it anymore without tabouli.  Their hummus is fine.  Their shwarma is good.  Their fries are really good.  There are all sorts of different sized booths which is nice for all parties.  Sometimes you end up sitting with strangers and making new friends.  Everyone is always having a good time in there so it is a great place to grab a bite, even if their falafel is so-so.
Based on all the great reviews, I came for the Chicken Maroosh. I usually don't carry a lot of cash, so when I discovered they only take cash for smaller orders, I contemplated walking out.  Noticing my dilemma, the owner, Saad asked me for my name, which he wrote to put on my order and then said, "it was his on him!" 

WOW!!!  I was impressed by his business sense (because now he has a new lifelong customer) and more importantly, the spectacular food which was fresh, loaded with favor and he even threw in a Tabouly salad.  

My experience, I am sure, is just one of many, considering how loyal ALL his customers seemed as he called most of them by their first name.  Whenever I meet an owner who takes that kind of Pride in their business, I will go out of my way to tell everyone to EAT AT SAAD's!!!!!!!!!!!  

Thanks again for your generosity.
Good God, the amount of food I can get with $20 can feed an elephant for a week.  Well, that's an exaggeration, but they really give you a lot for your money. 

I have eaten the Lamb Shawarma, Lamb Shawarma the Maroosh Way, Cheese Fries, Kafta Kabob Sandwich, and Falafel Sandwich.  All of which are delicious goodness doused in garlic sauce and colorful leafy vegetables.  I always ask for cheese on the side or only a little cheese sauce because they overload you with the cheese (and fries because I can't finish that).  If anything, I recommend the lamb over the kafta kabob.  Also, if you're deciding between the Maroosh Way and the regular shawarma sandwich, the sandwich is the soft pita bread and the Maroosh Way is the super long toasted bread as seen in my pictures.  I prefer the Maroosh Way because it's less messy to eat, gives a nice crunchy texture to the otherwise soft meat/vegetables, and whatever bread they buy is some quality bread.  

They don't actively enforce the "No Cell Phone" rule, but it's pretty cute.  There's also an outlet or two by one of the tables if you need to charge your phone, though.  Credit card minimum is like 30 bucks or something, but there's an ATM and it only charges a $1 fee.  

Also, when you come here, just seat yourself at a table and order up front.  Additionally, there's a cart of utensils, plates, take-out boxes, bags, and napkins that you can freely get yourself.
The falafel is delicious. The french fries are crisp. The service is usually quick, even when the place is crowded. And Saad's smile can brighten up  any rainy day. Seriously, I think he is THE friendliest guy in Philly. I feel transported to another land each time I go in, which is often. My only complaint is that I wish it was open a little later, because sometimes I NEED falafel after 9.
Overall: Lamb Maroosh is great, everything else is terrible

Ambience: Small, Crowded, not COVID friendly

Good: Best Lamb maroosh, hands down. Stay away from their platters. Absolutely unappetizing!! I ordered chicken shawarma platter and it was bland. The chicken was in huge cubes - that's not shawarma. It is also $21. I think the food cart outside this restaurant knows how to sell a better platter.

Service: It is also below average. It's 2021, accept credit cards! Oh also, learn some customer service please. Thank you.
Saad's is the best Middle Eastern food in the city.  Yes -- it's low key and family-oriented, but it's still a great place to go for lunch with friends, or dinner with a casual date.

The owner, Mr. Saad, is not only friendly and considerate; he is also genuine.  Years after we first started eating there, and despite that we only go there once every few months, Mr. Saad still knows my name and my husband's favorite dessert.  He's interested in the community and in his customers' lives.  His wife, who occasionally works the counter, is equally kind, friendly, and patient.

My favorite foods there: the hummus, the lamb schwarma platter, the falafel sandwich, the baklava.
Saad's is the jam, as mentioned by most of the people that have reviewed it.  I've eaten here a dozen or so times and the experience has always been great.

Saad himself is a great guy and I found his quirky "No, you only pay when I give you the food" policy to be refreshing.  As long as you aren't trying to make a call in his restaurant, he is almost certain to be a beacon of hospitality in the often unforgiving wilds of west philly.

The food is delicious.  I see most people have already declared it the best falafel in the city, and I have had no cause to dispute this yet.  BUT, in addition to delicious middle eastern food, Saad's American menu is also delicious.  I've been questing for a decent cheesesteak since I moved here, and Saad's currently holds that title.

For atmosphere and value: 4 stars
For having delicious food and my favorite cheesesteak so far: +1 star

Do it!
The owner is a THIEF I recently ordered two chicken Maroosh sandwiches Because of JL Jupiter review on YouTube went to pick the sandwiches up for me and my wife I  used my wife's card The receipt he gave me said 23.76 Not knowing that every transaction from my wife's card  she can see from her phone from the bank when I got home she informed me that 28.51 was charged, I was on flames went back the next day argument took place he would not give me back my five dollars I stormed out of the store said I was going to call the Better Business Bureau and the next day the five dollars were credited back to my card please do not support this guy he  supposed to be an upstanding Muslim But Clearly He's not!!!!
Saad's is one of the most welcoming restaurants I've been to in Philadelphia, the staff are so welcoming and friendly and if you visit often they remember you by name and treat you like family. The atmosphere is family friendly and is a great place to grab food with friends.

The food is extremely delicious and for those looking for halal options, everything on the menu
is halal. What I really enjoy about Saad's is that you truly feel like you are getting your money's worth in food. The food really fills you up and I always take home leftovers that are perfect for later or even the next day. 

I highly recommend the chicken maroosh sandwich. The garlic sauce is my favorite part and the chicken is very tender. The cheesesteak is also really good and if you like you can get it with a variety of toppings as well.
I was in the area and remembered hearing about this place from many people I know.  I placed a to-go order for a chicken maroush sandwich and was pleasantly surprised.

Even after the hour drive back home, the bread remained crisp. I love how they added middle eastern pickles to the sandwich which made it similar to a shawarma.  The garlic sauce on the chicken was to die for and the chicken was charcoaled and juicy.

I will be back here for more.
One of the gastronomic highlights of the neighborhood, this food definitely has some good energy going into it - and coming out of it! YUM! Not only is everything fresh, savory and delicious but Saad himself is friendly, remembers your name and the service is overall wonderful, especially for such a busy place! 

I am almost-vegan-vegetarian and I especially enjoy their HUGE greek and spinach salads as well as their hummus, falafel and spinach/feta sandwiches. Sandwiches are really economical at about $4 a pop and the salads take me at least two meals to finish, sometimes three! Plus the salads come with the awesome pita bread that gets soft again if you pop it in the oven for a few minutes. 

The fries are also some of the best I've had! And their baklava is awesome.

BONUS: Their feta cheese is actually goat cheese, so much tastier, and easier for us lactose-semi-intolerant people to digest too!!

(...and I know it can be annoying but I love that they close in September for Ramadam and for an hour on Fridays for Friday prayer, cuz that's just my kinda Authentic. Deprivation breeds appreciation...or something twisted like that).
This is probably sacrilege, but I have two things to mention about Saads that i feel are the most winning characteristics, and they don't have to do with hummus or maroosh or falafel(sorry guys!):

1) Fries. How can you ignore their fries? I have to admit, I've found the falafel to be so-so, and their pita sometimes stale, but the fries are consistently golden crunchy bits o' heaven. I have actually taken to just wandering in for an order of fries, with nothing else, which is a problem when I live about two blocks away.

2) The atmosphere. A few people have said Saad's "isn't much to look at" and I have to disagree. They certainly won't be featured on a restaurant design blog, but Saads has atmosphere up the wazoo. It's a space that feels distinctive, which often isn't the case at the latest trendy hot spot. Yes, the distinctiveness renders itself in neon green lighting that is wildly unflattering and bizarre cafeteria style booths and carpeting (which is really unusual for a restaurant when you think about it) but it has a homey feel, a certain tacky coziness that makes you want to snuggle into one of the booths and share some shawarma (also damn good) and fries (don't forget the fries!) with the one you love. Or at least it does for me.
Positive: High quality, flavor-full meals served the "maroosh way".

Negative: The surrounding area may seem somewhat run down if you are not from Philly.  The owner is very busy and therefore may seem to be a bit unfriendly on some days.

Overall: Excellent, Flavorful Middle Eastern and American dishes for which you would want to come back every time  you visit Philly or go to school in the surrounding area.
BEST PHILLY CHEESE STEAK with LEBANESE TWIST.

Saad is a genius. He is a master at the art of the traditional Lebanese sandwich (which is more of a famous sandwich than the Philly cheese steak) while at the same time deeply steeped in the Philly tradition of the cheesesteak. Move over Pat's, move over Tony Luke's, move over Geno's, move over!!! Saad's is the big boy in town and his fusion of the traditional Philly cheese steak with the golden traditions of the Lebanese sandwich that is famous all over the Middle East = BEST SANDWICH OF YOUR LIFE.

The meat is high quality and halal which is what separates it from the rest of Philly's in this town. Not only is it halal but it is clean and the restaurant is spotless. The clean wholesome meat mixed with the Lebanese spices added with a Philadelphia touch = YOU WILL BE COMING BACK.

Dozens of reviews cannot lie. Trust me and look at my dozens of reviews of Arabic restaurants all over America. This is one of the best and my favorites. I learned of it through a friend when visiting Philly and I was absolutely shocked.

A+ for flavor.
A+ for creativity.
A+ for authenticity.
A+ for cleanliness.
A+ for high quality meat
When I first moved here from a place that didn't have a selection of middle eastern food, Saad's impressed me. We are very lucky in Philadelphia to have a great variety of middle eastern eateries. Now after having broadened my experience with this type of food, I think Saad's is good, but definitely not the best. 

Recently, I decided to try the Chicken Maroosh sandwich that most of the reviews here rave about. It just tasted like a standard chicken sandwich. It had plenty of chicken, tomatoes, and pickles on it. I wasn't a huge fan of the white sauce. It is a large sandwich though and it was easily split between two people as we weren't too hungry. I was expecting something with more flavor based on the reviews. 

Yes, the portions are still very generous. The people working the counter are kind and helpful. The food though while good and in large portions, just doesn't wow me anymore.
Saad's is one of the first places I visited when I moved to the neighborhood, and now it's my go to when I'm craving middle eastern food. 
I've ordered the veggie platter, and the falafel + hummus sandwich (both were huge and an awesome value: platter is $11, and sandwich was about $6 -- super important to me, a student on a budget). As a vegan who eats a ton of falafel, I love Saad's recipe because it's crispy but not dry. Hummus is super creamy and you can definitely taste the tahini. 
Also, Saad is the nicest guy!!! His customer service is awesome and he's just generally super friendly.
Saad makes the best hummus in west philly. 

and the guy yells at you if you use your cell phone in the restaurant, which always makes for amusing dinner entertainment at the expense of people who have never been there before. 

also, try the baklava. DELICIOUS!
A very good, satisfying sandwich.  Listen to the Yelpers.  The crowds prove it.

Chicken maroosh is enough for 2 meals.

The no cell phone thing is cute, but no one really obeys it, unfortunately.
I love this place. It's my regular Halal boo thang. The service is friendly, quick, and efficient. Saad's is the ONLY place I go for shwarma. The lamb in the shwarma isn't as gamey and that distinctive lamb taste isn't as strong (which is a good thing, in my case.) The texture is melt-in-your-mouth tender, similar to pulled pork. The garlic sauce in the shwarma is also to die for! The chicken shwarma is also pretty good for those not crazy about lamb, but it's all white meat, which I don't care for as much.

The falafel is decent, but the lemon flavor is a bit over-powering than other falafels I've had.

However, they have an American-style fried fish sandwich. It's pretty simple: a huge fried fish filet on a kaiser roll, topped with lettuce, tomato, American cheese, ketchup, and pickles. But it's so good that it manages to sometimes seduces me away from the lamb's allure. Or I try to sucker whoever I'm with to split both with me.
FEAR!! That's exactly what I felt before walking into Saad's. My friends and I all promised to turn off our cell phones, we decided we would follow the rules. My friend eats Halal only, and went to Philly for cheesesteaks, so we had to be in our best behavior to make sure he was able to eat one too. I really felt like I was in a classroom and scared of my teacher!

As you have noticed...no cell phones people. There were 14 signs (we counted), and when someone got on their phone, the whole restaurant gasped! There's also a sign the second you walk in the door of Dont's - No credit, No cell phone (yes Saad, we get it), No Pets, No Alcohol (duh), No Smoking, No Soliciting, No Unruly Customers (we were trying to maintain). Ok...now time for the food...

As stated, we went to Philly strictly for cheesesteaks and I heard this was the only place that had Halal cheesesteaks. It was actually really really good, I thought it was delish! But alas, this is not a real cheesesteak my friends, this is a Middle Eastern version. So if you eat Halal and are looking for authentic cheesesteak, this is not the place. 

I'm sure the other food was great, I believe in Saad. With all those rules, he has too be good. And what we did have was great...so I give it 3 stars and fear Saad knows I secretely had my blackberry on.
To all the college students in University City who's closest encounter with Middle Eastern food is Greek Lady:  Please do yourself a favor. Put on your walking shoes, start trekking west, and indulge yourself in Saad's Halal Palace. Treat yourself to immense flavors and the glories of real meat.

Start off with either the lamb schwarma or chicken maroosh. The fish sandwich is also a giant bang for your buck. Waits can be long, so I'd go off peak hours.

Bring cash.
Leave the cell phone at home.
(for serious, they've been known to scold people for in-restaurant cell phone use!)
This place is good, but be weary. I think it's seriously overhyped, and that is probably due to the fact that it seems to be one of the only places you can get a decent(ish) halal philly. All things considered tho, I thought the food was disappointing compared to my enormously high expectations after word of mouth and reading reviews. 

Philly cheese steak: Its quite big and good value at 8 bucks. But my problems with it are many: way too many onions, meat wasn't salted enough, entirely too much mayonaise, doesn't come with cheese (which is extremely confusing since its called a philly CHEESE steak on the menu), and the worst crime of all.... that ketchup. Nastay. Yes, I know some ppl claim this is the most authentic way to eat a cheese steak. Those people are wrong. The ketchup completely ruined the sandwich for me, and I only ordered mine with it because I wanted to have it in its original form for the first time. But i would HIGHLY recommend that you order it without, especially if you are already hesitant about it in the first place. Trust your gut, it doesn't belong on this sandwich.

Maroosh (sp?) - I liked it a lot better than the philly, but come on guys... this is one of the most overhyped things I've seen on yelp to date. I don't understand why people are worshipping this sandwich. It's VERY basic. It has the same exact flavor profile as a chicken shawarma, and I'm not certain that having it served in sub/sandwich form is that much better than in pita bread. The  white sauce that people are going nuts about? It's good. But nothing more. It's basically a mix between tatziki and garlic sauce, which is quite tasty. I enjoyed it a lot, but it was the only thing that made the sandwich good. Without this sauce, the sandwich would be nothing special at all. And even with the sauce... its just barely "worth it" to me. 

Cheese fries - I actually LOVE the fries here. They're really crispy and quite tasty. Taste great when dipped in the garlic sauce, which you can get sides of for 50 cents. What I didn't like was the amount of cheese they slathered on top. it's a bit much I think, and I found myself unable/unwilling to finish the fries in the middle part of the plate cuz they were just covered in entirely too much cheese. Also, I thought it was kinda weird that they wouldnt let me order the fries and get the cheese sauce on the side when I asked. 

Overall, a pretty good option if you are limited to eating zabiha/halal, which is why I gave it 4 stars instead of 3... but otherwise it's probably not gonna meet your expectations.
The Chicken Maroosh sub is something I could eat everyday for lunch. It's finger licking good. The chicken is tender and has been purposely marinated, grilled and sliced. The white sauce coating the sandwich was great. It's tastes like a combo of mayo, sour cream and spices. Nice flavors of tangy, creamy and slight spiciness happening here. The veggie toppings were decently fresh as well. The bread is also freshly baked and does well to hold the ingredients inside. 
There was a long wait here on a busy Saturday but it was well worth it. Listen up because they will call your name over the intercom when your order is ready.
Everytime I walk by this place, I want to bound in and devour everything in sight. It just smells amazing, and it makes that end of the block one of the most tempting in Philly. I've yet to be disappointed with their food. Their vegetarian platter is filling without being bloating, and enough for a couple meals worth of food.
Omg DELICIOUSNESS!!! That is the only way to describe my meal here. For $15 I got the chicken platter with rice, hummus, pita bread and tabouli salad. The platter was enough for two starved individuals. We also got a side of falafel to round out our meal. The garlic white sauce was amazing. We put it on everything!!! That sauce alone explains why this place is always packed. 

The venue is a bit small with limited seating. Their patrons are mostly of the Muslim religion so expect to them to talk amongst themselves all the while intently ignoring you. The food here was sublime but next time I think I'll just place my order to go. 

Also be aware that they don't accept credit cards, only debit for orders more than $30 so best to carry cash.
Saads...where to begin. Its a small spot with an awesome owner. If you start going a lot Saad will remember your name and order (who doesnt like to be recognized). He has a strict cell phones OFF poolicy which I appreciate as well. 

For the veggie people the falafel is great, definitely the best I've had in philly. I get it with the baba ganoush but it is good plain or with hummus (for a little extra) as well. The real jewel in Saad's menu is the chicken maroosh. Thinking of it keeps me awake at night sometimes. Its a chopped chicken sandwich on a long roll grilled panini style with lettuce, tomato and the most wonderful garlic sauce ever. I can only have it once in a while, but when I do its truly transcendent. Also I am a big fan of french fries, and Saad's has great fries as well. Top it off with a soda and an Ali Bean pie (with the come back taste!) and you are set. Saad's is owrth going out of your way for. Great place.
Saad's is a halal at its finest.  Don't be fooled by its mild mannered storefront because it serves up some of the best halal food around!

I am personally a huge fan of the lamb maroosh way and get it every time, as a comfort food after a long day of work or studying.  And you can't argue with the student friendly pricing either.

One quick tip I would caution is to keep your cell phone business to a minimum as their are signs posted everywhere that you're not to be on your phone, which I find kind of charming about the place.  It's kinda nice to see people having conversations with each other at the tables rather than yapping away on their phones.

If I dare compare to NYC's famous chicken and rice halal food cart, this place wins by a long shot, on the plus side it avoids a 4 hour pilgrimage and like $30 in toll not to mention probably a tank of gas to get there.

Save that money and buy more maroosh :)
We had take-out from Saad's and it was incredible. The chicken maroosh is what you'll see in all the reviews but I have to say that the lamb on pita was the best. The veggie platter is always a great bang for your buck. Can't wait to have this again.
When travelling, I rely on Yelp to track down random 4.5 star restaurants like this. It usually works out great, but boy was this a disaster! The standards for what is good halal food must be in the gutter if this is the best Phily has to offer... Very friendly service and authentic looking staff and crowd. Sadly I was stunned that the food was so awful. Especially considering $14 is serious coin for an entree at a cash only hole in the wall. Maybe I ordered the wrong thing but the beef kebab was inedible. The meat was lukewarm and stringy as if it were stewed, grilled, then left to sit. The rice was pretty crappy also - and very curious that it had peas, diced carrots, corn, and green beans mixed in. The texture was odd and just didnt work. Even the grilled onions accompanying the kebabs were soggy. The only thing I could eat was the salad. I dumped what felt like 3 pounds of food that was inedible in the trash and left hungry - now gun shy to ever try another Middle Eastern restaurant in Phily. I'm visiting from California, where we have very large Muslim communities, and the halal restaurants in those neighborhoods clown stomp this place. We have Indian, Pakistani, Persian, Lebanese, Armenian, and Moroccan restaurants in spades. I guess it's a telltale sign if a halal restaurant in Philadelphia has to resort to selling cheesesteaks and french fries to stay in business - that kind of BS is just not necessary back home. Yet again, I've found the East Coast to be a desert for ethnic outside of the Big Apple...
The food was good, but the prices are high. The meat kabab dishes are a bit dry. 

If you dine in they charge extra.
I've been going to Saad's for years. Back when Sony Walkmans were a thing. Back when you had to carry extra batteries just in case your walkman died. I'm talking two two term presidents ago. And what have I noticed about this place? Consistency. While you're arguing over whether the Big Mac or Snickers has gotten smaller over the years, the portions and the fresh quality hasn't changed at ALL.

Food 5/5
Fresh ingredients. Consistent. Delicious. The cheesesteak isn't your traditional Philadelphia cheesesteak, it's huge and they mayo the bread. Which honestly kills me inside because I'm a cheesesteak traditionalist, don't mess with perfection. It's passable though. The lamb and chicken platters are amazing. The rice is always fluffy and flavorful, the sides are good, and the  they give you a good portion of meat, which they better because it's an expensive platter.  The Maroosh is really the cornerstone of this place. That is what you want to order. It's this hoagie that's filled with seasoned chicken, tomatoes, and slathered with Saad's "secret garlic sauce". I'd be willing to give up a friendship over it honestly. Did I mention they toast the whole thing in a panini press? Who does that? Only an evil genius. Or Saad. 

Service 4/5 
This place is in West Philly. Do not expect much. You walk up to the line, order your food and sit until it is ready. Once it is, you get up, get it, sit back down and eat. You don't interact with the employees much at all.  This is the Philly way. It is known. 

Ambience 3.5/5
Didn't I mention this is West Philly? It's cramped and it can get loud. Not good for big crowds. There's a lot of  interesting Islamic calligraphy on the walls and he plays some type of soundtrack that fits the vibe.  It's like you're in a mosque kind of. But you're in...West Philly. If that bothers you I don't even know why you're at a Lebanese restaurant in the first place.

All in all, great food. It's a super popular place because of how long it's been around. But not popular enough considering the quality. Pricey though. And it's cash only below $35, which is super lame. But for that Maroosh? I'm not complaining.
Probably had the be the BEST philly cheese steak ever had - simply awesome / tasty ( not greasy & did not feel bloated after eating it ).  Huge portions, very clean and nicely lit decor.  

Pros : awesome food, great menu, delicious taste, clean restaurant and good location -- really really good food! 

Cons : very weird seating arrangements ( the chairs are not movable, so be forewarned if your coming with a big group ).  Also can get a big crowded when your going up to the counter ( they separate the people going up by a stanchion ).  Hard to find parking as well ( may need to drive around ).

Overall : Definitely worth it, such a fulfilling meal!

Tip : For desert go to the restaurant across the street ( Manakeesh ) - they have a good range of arabic sweets / teas.  For Muslim patrons there is also a very beautiful mosque across the street.  Overall just a welcoming eatery and lovely neighborhood.  Really enjoyed the experience.
I was a little divided on how to rate this restaurant because we were intent on getting on some halal meats, but the vegetarian options seemed so much better. I ordered the falafel and tabouli sandwich (pita), and it was tasty, fresh, comforting; my boyfriend (an ex-veg) had a bite, and remarked it was the best falafel he'd had in a while. His platter had incredibly smooth hummus, but his lamb portion had some aftertaste. 

I would go here again, possibly to try the maroosh--definitely to eat more falafel.
GREAT lamb, but that mayonnaise based sauce they slop on their ruined it... I mean it pretty much destroyed it for me.  I would definitely go back though and possibly get the lamb platter or bring my own tzatziki sauce from somewhere else.  But this place definitely has room for a potential for 4 the next time I back it back down there.
Super vegan-friendly. Some of the best fries in Philly.  Best falafel I've ever had (and I'm a falafel fiend). Baba is INSANE. Hummus is out of control. Prices are dirt cheap. Nicest staff of any place I've ever gone in my life. Last time I was there I got take out, ate in a park, ran out of pita, went back in and ordered more, and when it came out they said, "It's free. Enjoy it." and when I thanked them they said, "We treat our customers right!" 

GO THERE IT'S AMAZING.
Let me preface this review by saying that my husband is Muslim and I am not. This was the second trip to Philadelphia that we had made together, and we were unable to get cheesesteaks on our first trip. In truth, I think that he had the idea to take a weekend getaway just for this sandwich. 
I didn't actually want to go to Saad's --- I wanted to visit the well know Pat's or Geno's after all. But, it was a long drive and the restaurants were roughly 20 minutes or so apart. I figured I'd just eat here with him to make things easier and make him happy.
And it was phenomenal! I suppose I should have known that it was going to be good when we walked in and it was packed without a single open seat in the house. We ordered two cheesesteaks and an order of cheese fries to share. I had the good sense to order the garlic sauce as well since I had heard rave reviews. Our name was called after about 20 minutes. I looked at my sandwich and thought to myself "This is NOT a philly cheesesteak. This is a cheesesteak that was made in Philly." I had low expectations, especially when I noted the ketchup they'd drizzled over the top. But, it was MIND BLOWINGLY good. Delicious from start to finish! We absolutely loved it. Cheese fries were also on point, if not a little TOO cheesy if you can call that a problem. Garlic sauce lived up to the hype as well.
I'm not even sad about Pat's and Geno's anymore nor do I have any desire to try them. Their sandwich may not be authentic, but it was perfect. On a return trip, I'd love to ask them to nix the ketchup and substitute the cheese sauce from their fries for something a little more like you'd get from the big names. But. even without the substitutions, it's fabulous.
ALL their other offerings looked great also! The store couldn't be cleaner, and the people couldn't be nicer. Can't wait to return!

Also, FYI, I noticed all the no cell phone signs, but everyone had a phone out. They may have enforced this rule in the past but it now seems like they've accepted that a cell phone ban is a war they can't win.
Saad's food is terrific and cheap. Service is pretty quick and they are always friendly. A good family atmosphere. My only wish: Tawook during Ramadan!! I'm jonesin' for some!

Ramadan Mubarik to the family.
Great halal food option in Philadelphia. Not far from downtown. Great food. Obviously came for halal Philly cheesesteak. Very large portion. Can probably split 1 cheesesteak between 2 people. French fries also large portions. Can be limited seating when going at a busy time. Parking can be hard to find. Had to go around the block several times and finally parked 1 block away. They don't take credit cards. Only cash or debit card. The place to go for halal food in Philly.
Not enough can be said of the glory that is the hummus or a falafel or chicken maroosh sandwich at Saad's.  One of the worst months of my life happened to coincide with their month-long closing in observance of Ramadan.  Okay, so maybe it wasn't the worst month, but it was certainly painful not having the option in my dining choices.

If you want the real deal, skip WAY over Maoz on South Street for this place.  It's authentic, quick, fast, and best of all: cheap.  After I've finished a sandwich, it's likely I won't need much more for the rest of the day.
As a West Coast native, I haven't had many experiences with halal food joints. On top of that, I have to be extremely hungry to try something I don't usually order or have a garbage disposal-like friend with me, just in case I don't enjoy it. For these reasons, I decided to try the fish cheesesteak. I like fish and I like cheese -- it was a no brainer. 

I was thoroughly impressed by the GIGANTIC portion that was served to me, and by the delicious and oh-so-bad-for-me combination of crispy deep-fried fish, gooey processed cheese, and savory grilled onions. My only complaint would be that the fish was a bit dry from being overcooked. Because the fish was smothered in sauce and cheese, that ultimately did not matter too much. 

I am impressed that even the less popular items at Saad's are worth buying, and will definitely try the much-loved chicken maroosh next time.
Wow, Saad Halal never disappoints! Even in COVID19, the taste and freshness haven't changed. We had Chicken Maroosh, Philly Cheesesteak, Chicken Cheesesteak and Cheese Burgers along with Walnut, Pistachio and Chocolate Baklava.
Go here. Bring cash or friends (credit card minimum). Order the lamb Maroush. Profit.  

If you are feeling extra great, their fries are outstanding and the portion is enough for 2-3 people to share.  

They also have the best rice pudding in Philadelphia.  I know because I order rice pudding everywhere and most places are terrible.
Man, this is the greatest place in existence. The Chicken Maroush is the most methodical  and beautifully designed sandwich ever, and I too could eat this all day. It came out to $8.10. The bread is crisp and crunchy and dare I say better than an Amoroso roll. Chicken is succulent and goes so well with the tomatoes and pickles. I could inject the white garlic sauce straight into my veins. 

The no cellphone rule is a wonderful concept, but not enforced at all. I really wish this place wasn't cash only, such a bummer.

I'm really not a person that feeds into hype, but man this is an amazing sandwich. Get the Chicken Maroush, it's absolutely to die for.
If there were 0 stars, I would give them a 0. Most rudest customer service ever!! During the pandemic we wanted to support local businesses, but I regret even wanting to order from such a horrible place. The gentleman at the register was very disrespectful and had such horrible attitude. Food was mediocre- no additional condiments were in the cheesesteak and fries were drenched in oil!! So disgusting and such huge a disappointment.
Seriously the best French fries and cheesesteaks out there. The Shish Tawook is also really, really good. The fried fish platter also looks amazing. This place is an absolute MUST every time my husband and I are in Philly. We have also driven about an hour each way from our home just to have Saad's for dinner.
If you've been in University City, you probably have never heard of this place and even may mistake it for a Halal Food Truck. Well here I am, taking a stand to let people know that this is indeed not a Halal Food Truck, but an amazing restaurant to get a wide variety of delicious food. The ambiance is great, with a lot of people from the local community eating here all the time. They have a weird policy of not taking calls here, but that is just so people can enjoy their food with their friends without any distractions. 

My personal recommendation is the Chicken Maroosh. It is this HUGE chicken sandwich with secret garlic sauce, chicken, pickles, and tomatoes. I did not know what life was until I ate this sandwich. The fries are also definitely some of the best fries I have ever eaten because they are so crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. But just know that unless you have not eaten in 3 days, that you will probably have to take this home in a box. 

I also really like the drinks from Dubai that they have in the fridge. My favorite was the pomegranate flavor but you should try them all because they are all so good.

Please go to this restaurant and change your flavor buds my friend.
I use to work around the corner from this place they have some of the best food around this area can say serious
I really enjoy how the staff are so personable with their customers. "Here's your order, James." 

I think my man and I have taken a liking to the chicken maroosh. I may be spelling that wrong. He likes it because he feels reassured that it's halal and cooked properly. He's taken cheese steaks back to his roommates. I personally feel that the cheese steaks are lacking a little. I also had a burger and the bread that was used just fell apart. Maybe that isn't the item to order. Their fries are really good though. 

In addition, please do not talk on your cell phones while in this establishment. It is extremely rude, and whatever it is can wait until you leave. There are visible signs that state do not speak on phones, so don't. I was a little aggravated by the fact the young lady behind the counter didn't say anything to the woman who was yapping loudly on her phone. I would have said something.
Went in to pick up an excellent take-out dinner tonight.  Saad is a real gentleman, kind to all his customers, friendly and courteous.  The lamb schwarma was generous, flavorful, and accompanied by a slightly-too-refined baba ganouj and a well-dressed fresh spinach salad.  We also split a beef kebab sandwich (wrapped in pita) smothered in great sauce.  We were left with more than enough for lunch the next day! The decor is working-class Muslim, but very comfortable for anyone.
I went here on 4/10 and I came away with mixed feelings. The people that work at the front were extremely nice, and it gets an interesting crowd coming in and out of the store which I like. I ordered the fish platter and was under impressed. The fish lacked flavor and was a lot tougher than I expected. The potato salad was awesome as well as the spinach salad. That said, I have not given up on this place and will look forward to trying other sandwiches instead, but for now I can only give this place 3 out of 5.
Chicken Maroosh is amazing!
Huge portions, best Philly steak in all of Philadelphia. 
You get the most bang for your buck at Saads.
The establishment is very clean and well decorated.
I picked up a philly cheesesteak, a chicken shish tawook maroosh way, beef shish kabob platter, and chicken shish tawook platter. All of the food was absolutely amazing. This is always a great place to eat at if you are in the area. I have never had anything from here that was less than phenomenal. The sandwiches maroosh way are my personal favorite.
Of all the scrumptious halal joints in the world, this may just be one of the best. 

I only have 2 words to say, Chicken Maroosh. 

That's all. Happy Eating!
Stopped by here after a long day from visiting Philadelphia. Obviously Yelp dragged me to Saad's like the countless others since the place was packed when we went in. Regardless of hype, the experience here was solid and the food was worth having.

Had the chicken moroush, hummus and cheese fries. Few friends opted for the cheese steak. 

The maroush came out to $8.15 and the portion is large but enough to finish. The wait was around 15 minutes which was not too bad. I imagined waiting longer based on earlier reviews. Both the PCS and Moroush were huge portions. According to my friends, the Philly tasted great and the onions are cut thinly, something I prefer for Philly's. But the maroush was decided to be the better based on our opinions. The bread and the sauce made it great. The fries were also excellent. Based on the chicken Moroush and the rest of my meal, this can quality for a full star.

One thing to note is they have a $30 card minimum which I believe should be lowered. That is an inconvenience but there is an ATM. The staff and the owner himself is very kind. He engaved in a nice conversation and mentioned how often NYers stop for food here. We felt comfortable  and the crowd was of all types and backgrounds.

Overall I would say the place is a definite stop by for the Moroush. Or at least take out. Most definitely if you eat Halal.
I love this place.  The first time I tasted a Chicken Maroush, I knew I'd be coming back for more.   Again and again.  The maroush is full of tasty grilled chicken and pickles and a creamy garlicky sauce that I just can't get enough of.  I've also tried other maroush:  Lamb Maroush is not bad, but some lamb pieces are not as tender -- I'm pretty picky about texture/succulence of meat so the Lamb just doesn't compare to the Chicken for me.  The Kofta is tasty also, though a bit on the dry side -- extra maroush sauce helps with that.  The Chicken Maroush is the best by far.

Saad's also has tubs of rice pudding in the fridge, which are yummy and very reasonably priced, if you feel like something sweet after.
I am glad I discovered this neighborhood gem.  Ditto to what everyone else have said, the owner is super-friendly (I watched him aikido out of a confrontation with a rude customer with finesse).  The lamb shwarma, falafel sandwich, grape leaves are all excellent.  And the chocolate baklava  made me do a happy dance in my seat as I bit into the pure tastiness.  On top of it all, you get lots of food for what you pay for.  FYI, the number to Saad's has now been saved into my cell phonebook quick dial.
This place is crack. 
I rarely use this phrase but it perfectly describes how amazing the food is. My favorites are the chicken tawook sandwich (which is a chicken pita sandwich with tomatoes, onions, and white sauce) with fries. I still can't wrap my head at how amazing the fries are, crispy and perfectly seasoned. How do they do it!?!?

Since this place is amazing, it can get crowded and there is a lot of awkward hovering over, waiting for people to finish. The service is friendly. The only downside is $30 limit when using debit card so it's prudent to bring cash, however, they do have an ATM machine inside.
"Have you ever tried shawarma? There's a shawarma joint about two blocks from here. I don't know what it is, but I wanna try it."

Outside the above quote from The Avengers, I wasn't too sure what to expect from shawarma... reason enough to take a trip out to 45th and Walnut.  Bring cash, as Saad's doesn't take credit.  Check in before you enter, since cell phone use in store is a major no-no.  Then, get ready for top notch lamb shawarma.  

Hopefully, you won't have to wait in line too long.  Don't worry if you do, as service is relatively quick for how fresh their offerings as prepared.  JJ & I each handled some shawarma and split a tabouly.  My only advice might be to get ask them to go light on the mayo sauce, as it can be a bit overpowering at times and I wasn't a big fan of it.
Absolutely disgusted with the attitude of the owner! I don't know why such arrogance. Maybe making too much money?

First order:
3 chicken marooshes
2 beef cheesesteaks
1 order of fries
1 order of wings (5 wings)

What did we get:
2 chicken marooshes
3 beef cheesesteaks
2 order of fries

So you see the problem, right? So to rectify that mistake, I ordered again. This time, I ordered 2 chicken marooshes and 1 order of wings (5 wings). But I called a couple of minutes later to cancel the marooshes. I waited an hour to receive the order. I went to go pick it up. I gave Salaam and said my name and order (wings). The owner asked, "Are you sure it was just wings? Because we have 2 marooshes as well." I told them that I cancelled and he asked me why didn't the lady have it marked as cancelled. I don't know why, ask the lady. Instead of taking accountability, he told me with an attitude, "Please don't do that, okay? We're really busy!!!" Whoa! Still keeping my cool, I said, "Yeah, the first order was messed up too. That's why I'm here again. Is that my fault?" Then he says, "Yeah, well we're busy...." As I'm leaving, I turned to leave the way I entered . Other customers kindly pointed out the exit, so I turned to exit. Then he fires back with a snarky attitude, "Learn to read the signs!!" Seriously? First we waited two and a half hours for both orders,  you mess up, then instead of taking accountability for both mistakes, you blame shift, and now this abrasive comment??? I understand the busy part. This isn't my first time ordering from a "busy" place. But was the callous attitude necessary? This attitude has nothing to do with busy. I've worked in customer service and I've had people who were rude to me. But I never retorted back. If circumstances determine your attitude, then maybe you're not a nice person to begin with.

Also, I went with two other people. They were planning to stay outside but then the lady guarding the door let them in. Then she told them to wait outside. What was even the point?

All in all, the food is mediocre and overpriced. Not to mention, they're taking advantage of the pandemic. For example, the cheesesteak was $8.50 and during the pandemic, they hiked it up to $11. I felt bad for my uncle who spent over $90+ on bland food and bad customer service when all he wanted to do was treat me after not seeing me for almost a year because of the pandemic!

Shame on the owner!
GMO heaven, if you ever ate here and was super thirsty during the night or the day after, you now know why. (I woke up in the middle of the night feigning for water). This place is not cheap, chicken Maroosh and fries = $17.28, not sure why it gets $ category.  The taste is not bad, that is why 2 starts, but issue is the quality of ingredients, are very cheap. The Fries are okay, average taste, nothing special, bonus on crispness. The $30 credit card minimum is to force people to pay cash, ... I gave sometime before posting, not a fan of low stars, but I just ate similar food, made it easy to compare.
FALAFEL MAROUSH!! With their fries. Heaven. Done. 

No, but really... for a vegetarian, this is amazing. I've heard their chicken maroush was great, but was SO excited when they said they could do it with falafel as well! Their fries are also one of the best I've ever had. Put some in your maroush with some ketchup... SO SO GOOD!
I was excited to try this place based on the high reviews on Yelp however, I was disappointed with my chicken maroush sandwich. I could not taste any garlic in the mayo based sauce they used. I was expecting a middle eastern flavored sandwich but it was just a normal chicken sub with parsley added.
I like the saad food. But what I like most is the Philly cheesesteak. Just tell him to fill it t.up with cheese for ya and enjoy the great taste. 

Once your done, look down and you will notice that you don't see your toes.
Off the beaten path, low key, great Philly Cheesesteak at Saad's in West Philly. The restaurant is tucked away in West Phila and there is only street parking. Also, be prepared that it is cash only up to $30. There is an  ATM for convenience in the back of the location for a $1 fee.  All drinks are bottled products but there is a great variety.

The food is very good. Enjoyed a cheesesteak with fried onions. Steaks traditionally come with mayo and ketchup which I am high on both for a Philly steak. The sandwich is a great size, is delicious and sits perfectly on a slightly toasted roll that does a great job to keep all the steak kept inside of the roll. 

Also tried a chicken shish tawook sandwich which was delicious. It is like a halal cart platter wrapped in a pita. Also available on a long roll.

The interior is dated and the seating gives off an '80s feel but the staff is very helpful and they have staff monitor the dining area to help with your tray when finished. Also, the owner was a very nice guy and very happy to have our business. Hit Saad's for some great Philly grub.
The best Halal food in all the city! I definitely miss this place so much!

Saad's is the best place you want to go to when you are craving something hearty, quick and delicious. I went to this place every week during my undergraduate years in West Philly and absolutely love it. Saad (the owner) is great at making you feel welcome since he remembers most of his customers' names and I think thats great for the atmosphere and customer service. 

Chicken Maroosh is my all time favorite! the bread itself is fresh and a different kind of amazing. I am in love with it and eat it with the saracha sauce as it gives it a spicy kick. Every person I've taken here (which is over 20+) absolutely love the Chicken Maroosh and everything else that they offer. 

If you ever are in west philadelphia...check it out! I only wish they delivered :(
This place is so simple yet so unique (at least for this area) that there's not much left to say, except that all the great things you've heard are definitely true.

Saad's is a combination of Middle Eastern and American dishes, shwarmas and french fries, philly steaks, chicken maroosh sandwiches, etc. ALL of them are great. They have salads too and everything here is halal if you're looking for that option.

Inside this place isn't much to look at, although you may be intrigued by the middle eastern and religion scripture decorations they have up (unless you grew up looking at this stuff). Once you're past that though, you'll realize this is a very old, tough bench- style built to last rather than to impress sort of 1-step above a hole-in-the-wall kind of joint, in other words, it's a fancy shack, but none of this matters... why?

Like most shacks, the food makes everything worth it. The portion size is also incredible, and while you may pay a couple of bucks more than you would at say a street cart, the quantity is proportional without letting the quality suffer.

My first time here I had the chicken maroosh sandwich. Everything was perfect, the veggies were fresh, the sauces were creamy and spicy, and the chicken was cooked perfectly, not at all dry. 

I would definitely come back here. If you're ever on a budget or just really, really hungry and want to attempt eating 2 sandwiches, then this is the place you need to be.
