Huevos Rancheros for the win! Ageiably one of my fave meals when I come to Sabrina's! My eyes were bigger than my stomach so I played it smart and split french toast with my homie. The wait was only 15 minutes since they are only doing walk-ins. 

The wait staff is so cool, too! Very light humored and gave me a heads up they were out of salted caramel iced coffee which is my fave thing ever. 

Hopefully I find someone to come with me next time to eat some more stuffed challah french toast lol
They are usually busy and the wait could get crazy on the weekends. The location is super close to Penn campus and it was our stable breakfast spot. 

The BEST part is...(are you ready?)

THEY SERVE BREAKFAST ALL DAY!!!!

I've tried most of the omelettes and they're pretty good. But my all-time favorite is their stuffed french toast. My friends love their pancakes, although I'm not the biggest fan of pancakes. I have to say, they do their sweet breakfast items very well. It's a bit disappointing that they don't have an expansive breakfast menu. Hence 4 stars instead of 5.

Overall, the place is a great spot to get breakfast with friends before class. Unfortunately, I've never tried their lunch menu (I love breakfast too much!) so can't say anything about that.
Imagine you can have brunch at Hogwarts and your food comes and flies to you after you order.  Got it in your mind?  That's how we felt when we came this Saturday to visit Sabrina's Cafe.  Right in the middle of Drexel University's campus grounds, this place packs in the crowds as soon as they open!  Get your party together fast so you can be seated fast.  The gangs not all here?  They were super nice to offer us coffee and tea while we waited on my girlfriend and her kids to show up.  Delicious!

This place has a wonderful charm to it that is really visually captivating.  The smells coming from that kitchen have a major role to play in that vision, but Sabrina's MUST be on your brunch "best of" list.  It is pretty clear that the ultimate favorite of those that frequent here is the Challah stuffed French toast, which was my breakfast of choice.  My girlfriend was quick to want a piece of that, so she cut a deal with me to split mine and share her eggs benedict with salmon; not too bad of a deal.  Her girls got the M&M pancake, which they actually cooked into Mickey Mouse ears - adorable! Hubby got the Apple and Wisconsin Cheddar omelette with a side of bacon.  He was not overly impressed with his, and regretted not going all in and getting the Challah stuffed French Toast.  

The Challah French Toast is absolutely phenomenal - no other words to describe how unique and sinfully tasty this was!  Take that syrup and drench this sucka in it!  I would drive back to Philly from NY to just experience this again; no regrets!

For 3 adults and two children, the bill came to about $50.  Not too shabby!
I've been to this Sabrina's as well as the one in the Italian Market several times and have been consistently underwhelmed. Neither place is bad, but they're not good, either. I wonder if people are sucked in by all the kitschy decorations (kind of like a b & b from Floral Dried Flower Hell) so their attention is distracted from the bland, barely average, boring food. 

Most of my visits have been to the Powelton location because I love that neighborhood and the building that houses Sabrina's was once a stately beauty before it was befouled with all the necessities that make it to restaurant/building code. For all the times I have gone here with a reservation, not once was I ever seated in a reasonable amount of time. The servers are indifferent, unprofessional, robotic and often just plain slovenly and this extends to the chef/line cooks and the over priced food that comes out of the kitchen.

Dee, my vegetarian friend/transcriptionist, insisted I try the South Philly location as her guest and after stepping in and looking around the first time, I refused to eat here because it looked cramped, dirty and down at the heels. Dee was annoyed and said, "This place looks like your house so why are you being so snotty?" I reminded her that while I did like displaying my china and tea pot collections, my house was always spotless and S. Philly Sabrina's did not appear to be. 

While many items on the menu *sound* unusual and out of the ordinary, Sabrina's is pretty much an eggs, waffle, pancake and breakfast meat place and they do nothing with any of these standards that are in the least memorable. Coy names for dishes, like 'Spice Spice Baby Chicken Sandwich' only serve, like the tedious decorating, to distract from the mediocrity of the food. 

I'll wait long and patiently for a seat at Honey's Sit N Eat or Cafe La Maude any day before I'll set foot in a Sabrina's Cafe again.
June 2016 "week of June 16-18
I loved my meal and everyone in the establishment enjoyed their brunch. Near colorful  Drexel University I expected nothing but excellent service, wonderful open minds and delicious food. My huevos ...delicious.  I loved my crisp stack of tortilla and beans and salsas.  Coffee, excellent. Waitress , great!!  The receptionist was friendly but there was a male manager or perhaps some "guy who seemed to run things " who was disruptive on staff and ruined the experience. He was making fun of customers outfits ? I'm a San Franciscan so I was wearing a tie dyed dress. He was laughing so hard in the corner then makes fun of my race and pulls his eyelids up to imitate asian eyes?  Awful! .I'm from SF so that kind of behavior is just not tolerated. You gotta pour on the lovin, and stamp out the hatin.  In the end for me it's about service too...and kindness.
[ summary ]
One of the best places for brunch that is within walking distance of Penn campus. Best items are challah french toast and the eggs benedict florentine. Minus one star for the trouble of getting a table, long wait times, lacklustre coffee, and sometimes running out of ingredients. But worth it, and definitely a must-try for Philly brunch.

[ getting a table ]
** PROTIP - install the NoWait app to put yourself in line without having to call the hostess, and for a live-updated wait time. When you try to get in line over the phone, they have to listen to you say your phone number over alot of background noise - if they get your number wrong and you don't get the text when your table is ready you are SOL. Don't make my rookie mistake!

It's pretty much impossible to just walk in and grab a seat on popular brunch mornings (weekends from 10 to 2pm). Most people opt to call about 45 minutes ahead of time to put their name on the list (don't say "I'd like to make a reservation" - they don't do "reservations") and check with the hostess when you arrive. Make sure you get a confirmation text on your phone. Otherwise you'll never get a table. 

That said, they are pretty timely with their estimates. Explore the rest of the house if you have nothing to do - lots of beautiful rooms and couches to lounge around in, and pool tables on the second floor!

[ food ]
I am pescetarian so I have never tried any of the meats, but my personal go-to is the challah french toast with fruit and the eggs benedict florentine for savoury mornings.

The vegan brunch is decidedly meh. Omelettes are fine but nothing special. Portion sizes are nice and big - you will certainly have leftovers and/or be food coma'd out.

They ran out of lox once when we arrived at 1:30pm :(

Coffee tastes a little weak but you do get free refills.

[ service ]
Friendly and casual vibe. Waiters are usually students so it's entirely possible that a friend will be bussing your table. No complaints here.

[ decor ]
Cute and homely - like someone's living room, but with alot more tables and bustle. The window and balcony seats are lovely, if you can get one.

[ conclusion ]
Grab someone you like, install NoWait, and give it a go on a lazy Sunday morning! Follow up with optional food coma nap. :)
Okay so this place gets my 5 star rating.  This was my first time at this Sabrina's location.  I've been to the one on 18th & Callowhill and everything was great, but this time, IDK, the food was DELICIOUSO.  It was a snowy day and I loved the fact that we could call ahead, although I didn't know we could, and we didn't have to, we walked right in and got a seat right away!

I ordered the Steak and Eggs Breakfast and BABY, let me tell you it was all that.  The steak was juicy, the eggs were cheesy (could have been cheesier) and the potatoes were good! The sauce on the steak really hit it off and I left happy and full.

The food looked as good as it tastes.  As far as service, it was good, our server never told us her name but she was nice and attentive to our needs.  Our food came hot, fast and it was fresh even though they got busy. 

Highly recommend this location.
I live for brunch and all I can saw is WOW. The Stuffed French Toast is AMAZING. It has the perfect amount of spice, the vanilla bean filling is creamy and not too sweet and the amount of syrup given on the plate is perfect. I only ordered the half portion and it was large, but I enjoyed every piece I devoured. If you like/love/desire french toast please do yourself a favor and order this...OMG WORTH IT. I appreciate that you can order half portions of this dish and customize it as well. They offer a variety of different toppings from cookies to nuts to fruits (IE strawberries) that you can add (costs extra).

Since I skipped breakfast and lunch (this was a late brunch) I ordered two sides: an egg and bacon. The egg was meh, just your typical egg and the bacon was very good (nice and crispy). These sides were ordered to balance the french toast carb overload :). 

I also picked at my friends eggs benedict and chocolate chip pancakes and both were good as well, but not amazing. They were typical good quality brunch items. I'd say their specialty is the French Toast based on my one visit.

As for the service, it was phenomenal for how packed they were. Even though every table around us was filled our waitress was attentive and polite. As for the seating, I'd say it's perfect for smaller parties. You might have a difficult time getting seats if your party is larger than 4. 

Overall I was very happy with this place and highly recommend it for brunch.
Strolling up to Sabrina's is part of the fun. Located in a massive historical home, you'll find tables and chairs in every nook and cranny of this beautiful home.

Our meal kicked off with a peppermint and regular latte. Next time I would opt for the regular, the peppermint version was too sweet for my liking. After the lattes, our eyes were bigger than our stomachs when placing our orders. Fair warning: the servings here are JUMBO!

We ordered the polenta fries with marinara sauce, breakfast sandwich with spinach and American cheese and scrambled eggs with sourdough and home fries.

The scrambled eggs with added cheddar were delicious. Next time, I would opt for a lighter side dish than the fries - they were more on the greasier than crispier side. 

Last but not least, service was attentive but not suffocating. We loved our spot by the windows overlooking the street.
Visited the University City Sabrina's-- finally!!! Actually, this was my 2nd time there, but we ended up leaving the first time because the wait time was outrageous. Anyway, we just left Sabrina's s after having a fabulous dinner.  This is why Sabrina's is the best Philly has to offer. It doesn't matter what time you go or which location you choose to go to, the food is consistently GOOD!!!!

I ordered the Pan Seared Salmon and my fiance', my favorite dining companion, had the Greek Tilapia.  Both were fantastic, and I expected nothing less.  We liked this location because it was basically empty, and we were able to enjoy a quiet and relaxing dinner.  Our waitress was very nice, and they usually are at all of the Sabrina's locations.
So I've heard about this place a few times now and this morning my brunch buddy and I gave it a shot. I was thoroughly impressed. We arrived around 11:30am and there was a bit of a wait which was fine because they have nice comfortable seating upstairs. It was really a relaxed and comfortable atmosphere and I appreciated the charging station in the waiting area as my cell was almost depleted. 

The food was great. I ordered the egg white and turkey bacon frittata  and my friend ordered a short stack and the two egg combo which included 2 eggs any style, potatoes and toast. 

I truly appreciate that this place had such a healthy yet tasty item on the menu which is not always the case when eating out. Most times I either have to say screw it and prepare to eat 3000 calories or settle for bland mushy egg whites and  too crispy toast so THANK YOU for that food option. 

Our server was also really sweet and helpful ! I'll be back.
A pretty decent brunch place at a good price. 

We reserved a spot online and made sure to arrive on time with 2 people ahead of us on the waitlist... After we checked in, we were told it would be another 30-40 min wait... It is a popular spot so we understood the wait. 

We were eventually seated, and greeted immediately. Our server didnt tell us about any drink specials, nor did I see a drink menu, so we just ordered orange juices... Only after this did we realize that only 1 out of the 3 specials menu we received had a drinks menu on the back. Our server was perfectly pleasant, but I had to get up during the meal to ask for extra syrup for the table because she never stopped by after our food came to ask how we were doing. Also, my water glass was empty for a while until the next time she stopped by so that I could ask for a refill. She dropped the check off while we were still eating--normally I wouldn't care too much, but she had barely stopped by during the meal... and then dropped off our check early lol.

The food itself was fine. My friend ordered the challah french toast and noted that she didn't think the bread was soaked in the french toast mixture long enough before cooking... My chicken and waffles were good, average enough, but as I mentioned, they were kind of stingy on the syrup. We also ordered the loaded fries... the fries weren't particularly crisp, and the eggs on top contributed to sogginess. The flavors were fine I guess. 

Overall, I would have given the meal 4 stars, but considering the disappointing service I had to lower my rating to 3 stars. I feel like there are so many places to go to for brunch, I wouldn't necessarily go out of my way to wait for a long time to eat standard brunch food and be ignored by our server lol
Don't really understand the hype with this location. It has a pretty interesting homey appeal.. but I thought I was accidentally walking into someone's house instead of the actual restaurant. 

I think we all ordered wrong here because we all went with savory. Looks like their French toast is the crowd pleaser.. but the lox and onion omelette I ordered left much to be desired.
One of the best breakfasts I've had by far, and so accessible! This is a place you could make a Sunday staple - delicious, warm, homey, affordable. As long as you have some patience.

One - call ahead. Depending on how far away you are, you could probably call while you're blowdrying your hair. I put my name in 45 minutes to an hour ahead and waited about 10 minutes before we were seated. As long as you remember to do this, you will be fine.

The food is fantastic. I went with a group of friends, which meant tasting more things. My eggs benedict florentine were the best I've had, hands down, ever, in the history of eggs. The hollandaise sauce was perfect and I get really nitpicky about that stuff. The stuffed French toast is MEANT TO SHARE unless you're an ogre. The joy on people's faces when their plates were set in front of them was ridiculous.

Service-wise, this place is understandably busy, but I think they hold up well. The hostesses can seem a bit brusque but I can forgive them that. The crowd is a mix of students and...students with their families, not too loud, not too many bros. I went to Drexel so I don't mind being back at all. 

The only thing is it's not a BYOB, so no possibility of a mimosa for me. But otherwise, I highly recommend this spot - great for Sunday brunch, great for a casual date, great for groups, great for...your stomach. Loved it all and will be back frequently.
Sabrina's is a Philly brunch classic. This location is in a huge historic looking castle like building. There are a few other things going on in the same building like a burger joint. 

The food was good! My stuffed challah French toast was amazing (though the portions are huge!). 

The one downside was the service. Our waitress was amazing but the hostess was stressed out and told us we had a 15 minute wait when in reality it was close to an hour (There was a nice waiting area upstairs with couches).
After frequenting several brunch places in Philadelphia, Sabrina's is still ranked very favorably but no longer at the very top of my list. I am more of a sweet brunch type of gal, so what tickles my taste buds the most are those extravagant pancakes, french toasts, and waffles. Not saying that Sabrina's doesn't have those, but the options are much more limited and simple - the Challah French Toast and Pancakes are staples, but there isn't anything too special about either of these options. There are also always some specialty sweet breakfast options in the Brunch Specials menu, which changes by the season, but again, these options are fairly limited. There definitely are other places around the city (e.g. Green Eggs Cafe, Cafe Lift) with much more luxurious options for the sweet brunch lover like me. 

Regarding the actual food, I've ordered the Stuffed Challah Toast several times, and the portion size is huge! It wasn't until recently that I discovered that you can order a half portion, which is much more reasonable for one person to finish. I'm not a huge cream cheese fan, so the filling is a little overwhelming for me, and I usually have to scrape off a lot of the cream cheese in order to finish the french toast. They tend to put a LOT of filling. So again, if you are ordering just for yourself and don't want to bring home leftovers, the half portion is your best bet.

The savory options at Sabrina's are much more extensive. I love that there are a variety of options and substitutions that can be made for vegetarians, which isn't commonly found in brunch restaurants. I've ordered the omelette, which isn't anything too special or different than other brunch places. I've tried the Huevos Rancheros as well, and there isn't anything too special about this dish either. The potatoes are decent - not too decadent in flavor, so not too memorable.

I've been to Sabrina's for dinner as well and tried a variety of burgers and fries. As I mentioned before, they are very vegetarian friendly here, so they have beef burgers as well as veggie burgers, but I just couldn't taste anything too different from this burger and other burgers that I've had. The fries were crispy, and you could definitely taste that the fries were made fresh and not frozen, but again, the flavor was pretty average. Overall, every time I've gone to Sabrina's, I haven't had too memorable of an experience.

The wait is also crazy long, especially if you go on a Fri/Sat/Sun during brunch hours and have a relatively large group of people (5+). No reservations on the weekends either. I've had to wait 2-3 hours once, which was quite unbearable, if I have to be honest. Definitely arrive early if you want to be seated without a long wait. (Or, what I've done before is run over to the store to put my name on the list and then do my own errands for an hour before coming back with my full party. They'll never make you wait less than the estimated time, but always more.)

A decent brunch place in University City that probably gets its popularity from the fact that there aren't too many other brunch places on the west side of the bridge. Nevertheless, a worthwhile trip if you live close to the area, especially if you're a college student at Penn/Drexel!
Definitely loved it. Yelpers RULE once again! I chose this place solely based on the Yelp reviews! And I am so glad I did. I had a difficult time spotting its entrance as it is slightly hidden. 

I visited here on a weekday morning (around 9:30am or 10am) so it was not crowded at all. The wait staff was on point and knew exactly when to come check on my party. 

I really liked the venue itself. It has an inviting and open space. Lots of tables and it is definitely spacious.

The Yelp pictures made me drool all over my phone and the real dishes didn't disappoint at all. The portions were huge and satisfying. I can see this place serving as a great cure for hangovers too! I don't know about the brunch price range in Philly but the price is definitely a good deal for NYC.

I highly recommend this place!
Went today and it was phenomenal !  3 staff people waited on our table. The outdoor covered patio is cute with a Victorian domed ceiling and windows rounded along the entire exterior !  The French toast is to die for and the tots brunch ( tater tots more like Japanese  potato croquette ) casserole is yum!l with peppers pesto and spicy sausage .
As a big brunch person, I've been to this brunch place a couple of times, each time I've got different dishes on their menu. For the price, I leave this brunch place feeling full but never satisfied. Don't get me wrong the food doesn't taste bad. I personally have been to a lot of brunch places and this cafe has not been my tops. If you've never been I would still recommend you to give it a try, who knows you might like something I don't.
Way over-hyped, extremely ordinary food that I could make way better at home. 

There are many menu options to choose from, but the quality of ingredients is very below average - often lower than the quality of diner food, except with higher pricing.

Savory selections are mostly greasy and either really salty or completely flavorless. The sweet options are often heavy, mushy in texture, and either too sweet or flavorless. The bread that comes with some brunch entrees tastes and looks like the cardboard version of real bread, contributing absolutely nothing to the dish. 

A redeeming quality could be to make the food aesthetically appealing, but again, in this area, there is nothing to write home about. Things just look as hastily thrown on a plate as could be. 

Once, I tried the stuffed challah French toast because I had just moved to Philly, seen some rave reviews about it, and was intrigued by the novelty of this concept. But it turns out this dish was just a block of plain cream cheese, placed between two huge slices of meh challah - and the whole thing wasn't even properly assembled - not sure they should be allowed to call it French toast. What really stood out about the stuffed "French Toast" was that it tasted horrible, the ingredients didn't go well together, and that it was the size of a small child. (So many days at the gym to get rid of it.) 

I get dragged here sometimes by people who, albeit wonderful in character, lack tastebuds to detect the mediocrity of the food here. However, it it were up to me, I would not have waited 45 minutes for a seat here, and there are too many amazing brunch spots in Philly to waste myself on large portions of high-calorie flavorless, greasy matter.
Been to all the Sabrina's locations but have the best luck at this one with shorter wait times.  Brunch at Sabrina's in general is the best, always fun sweet and savory specials and the regular menu is great too. Usually tend to go sweet with brunch... their regular French toast is bomb - love the bread they use, nice thick cut challah. But you also can't go wrong with eggs Benedict another favorite brunch order of mine.
Enormous portions + high quality + extreme taste + reasonable price = how do they do it?  Went with my son for breakfast - plenty of room at 10am on a Monday morning.  The waitstaff was friendly and speedy - we waited a few minutes for our drinks and less than 10 for our meal.  The stuffed French toast was ENORMOUS.  Like unfinishable.   Like split it with the table.  And less than $12.  My son had a bagel with cream cheese - were spoiled NYers so bagels are hard to judge - but this was still a positive experience.  We shared the fruit cup - all the fruits were fresh.  Saw other people eating pancakes and various egg dishes - all portions looked super generous.   My heart broke that they were out of scrapple, but I don't know where I would've fit it in my belly anyway.
A super cute cafe inside a large but charming historical-looking building. Great food with a good variety of options (and apparently weekly rotating specials), and every server was super cordial and accommodating. What more can you ask for at 10am on a Monday?

I got one of the specials, which was basically (to the best of my recall ability), a croissant sandwich with field greens, eggs, lemon vinaigrette, bacon, and panko-crusted something inside, with home fries on the side. Every single ingredient added something to the sandwich (if I can call it that... they described as something along the lines of grilled croissant stuffed with ___"). The field greens and vinaigrette added a fresh clean feeling to it, which I thought was cool since normally that would be served on the side. The eggs were large and fluffy--think enough to essentially be the main "meat' patty in the middle. They weren't too generous on bacon, but at the same time, they didn't need to have any more. The panko-crusted part was forgettable, but just thinking about it, it probably balanced out the other ingredients. The home fries were solidly potato-y and went great with hot sauce (Cholulu).

I was really impressed with how well the servers rotated things like serving plates, taking orders, and refilling waters. Each of them seemed to know what was going on at a single table, and it was smiles all around. When I asked for hot sauce, our server came back with 3 options. The place itself is enjoyable to sit in, as there are plenty of windows letting in morning light. If other locations are like this, I'd gladly go to the nearest one next time I'm in Philly.
The French toast is the biggest and richest portion of French toast I've ever had. Two people could easily share one order. The environment is very homey and the staff does a very good job of paying attention to your requests.
SUMMARY: 3.5/5
Sabrina's is definitely a favorite in the area for brunch. They're a go-to for students especially because of their solid brunch staples and the convenient location. Sabrina's is great for both families and friends -- as long as you remember to check in on the wait list beforehand. Try their Huevos Rancheros, or one of their seasonal specials. 

FOOD & VALUE: 3.5/5
Just really solid brunch food. I ordered the Challah French Toast w/ Chocolate Chips & Strawberries, while my boyfriend ordered the Huevos Rancheros. We also shared the Nutty milkshake (vanilla ice cream w/ peanut butter, crushed peanuts, and chocolate covered pretzels). According to my boyfriend, "No one does Huevos Rancheros better than Sabrina's." In my opinion however, the food isn't really extraordinary, but because of the lack of great brunch places (that I know of) in the area, Sabrina's is still at the top of my list. You really just can't go wrong with french toast and berries. 

As for value, I don't think the prices are that out of the norm, especially for brunch. I probably wouldn't order the milkshake again, though. We paid around $40 including tax and tip. 

SERVICE: 3.5/5
The wait here is insane, especially on the weekends. As other reviewers mentioned, sign up on the Yelp wait list at least 30 minutes before you're actually planning on eating to minimize your actual waiting time. (For Penn students, I usually check in just as I'm leaving campus; the walk is around 25 minutes from the High Rises.) In terms of service -- because of how busy they are, it's sometimes hard to flag down waiters. As a result, we ended up waiting a decent amount of time to both get our order taken and to call for the check. To be fair however, we were sitting in the corner outside of the main seating area so we were mostly hidden from view. 

EXPERIENCE: 3.5/5
The place is itself is really nice -- pretty much exactly what you would expect when you imagine a classic brunch spot. It's much bigger than it looks, but of course we were seated in a little corner. Still a cute corner though!
I always leave here feeling satisfied. The food is delicious and the portions are huge that always manages to get me full afterwards. The place itself is not that big, especially the area next to the windows, but it doesn't feel cramped. Always a great place to stop by for a delicious brunch.
Still a great brunch option! Haven't been here in years but I'd still recommend! 

They always have an interesting special menu. For my latest visit it was game of thrones themed. I opted for the Daenerys eggs Benedict with veggie sausage. The spinach tasted magically seasoned!! The home fry's were just as good as I remember. 

Don't have too much else to say except Sabrina's is always a winner!
Sabrina's is located right near Drexel University students which makes it great for students and parents when visiting.

I've been here multiple times and always seem to have an average experience but I REALLY want to love it. 

The one time I really enjoyed my experience was for dinner with a 3 course meal but looking back it wasn't anything too special.

As for breakfast, I think it's average. I like to go to brunch every weekend and Sabrina's just isn't worth the wait in my opinion. I just got a basic egg breakfast but my potatoes seemed to be soggy and my scrambled eggs with limited cheese was cold. 

If you have time to wait at Sabrina's, I suggest you wait somewhere else. While I don't hate Sabrina's, it's definitely not my first choice.
Do not be fooled by the stunning building that this restaurant sits within. Cafeteria quality food at best and not a good cafeteria at that.

Huevos rancheros served with yucky kidney beans and  a cold mix of boiled veggies. Watered down cranberry juice. Cold bacon as well. My guest ordered the challah which was stale and they didn't soak the thick bread long enough so that it arrived totally dry. Just yuck, yuck and more yuck.
Woah was this an experience. Sabrina's is right by Drexel and UPenns campus and is a really great brunch place to go to. This places gets filled fast and I would suggest to reserve spot on the wait list here to make sure that you will be seated in the time that you want. They were very good at keeping me updated on when my reservation was ready and even called me 5 minutes before they were ready. Interior is very much like any brunch place in the city that is more Woody styled. They also fit a table of 8 which was great. 

The food:
Pro tip, get a bunch of food with people and share. 
I personally got the French Toast and it was nice and sweet with lots of cream that was to die for. It was very sizable and was delicious.
I thought having the tots was a great plus because it was very savory and was delicious with the caramelized onions and everything in it. 
The Huevos Rancheros was also very savory and really helped me balance the French toast. 
There was lots of food like chicken and waffles that was delicious and sandwiches.

Overall, you can never go wrong at Sabrina's.
Lordy, hallelujah, and any number of other religiously-inspired public proclamations.
Who is Sabrina and when I can I marry her?

'Twas wet, 'twas windy, 'twas time for brunch... new to the city, I asked Mr. Yelp for help, and walked up a long dark hill, north of UPenn, swishing puddles and wishing for warmth. All of a sudden, like the golden arches of McDonald's on Mars, there she was. Sabrina, and her café.

I took eight hundred pictures of the menu to send to my friends while I waited for a seat -- 10 minutes later, I was coddled in the window seat, surrounded by delicious aromas, faced with every bruncher's worst conundrum:

To French Toast?
Or to Benedict?

My waitress was very sweet and helpful without being disingenuous or pushy (not an easy feat). We worked out that I was in a savory mood so, despite all the reviews suggesting I get the stuffed french toast, I went eggy. Oh yeah, I did that.

The MCA Beastie Benedict Florentine featured the usual fare: poached eggs, spinach, and hollandaise sauce, with my choice of meat (Canadian bacon all the way!). The eggs were perfectly cooked, the spinach wasn't soggy or grainy. The hollandaise sauce looked a tad rubbery -- like my dish had been sitting in the oven for a while. Home fries made an unexpected but pleasant appearance on my plate, which arrived a suspicious five minutes later.

Overall, delicious. Definitely would return again, to try the infamous stuffed French Toast and to try "36 Chambers of Chowing: Protect Ya Nachos -- fried blue corn tortillas with refried beans, fresh spinach, shiitake mushrooms, roasted Idaho potatoes, green onions, Turkey Bacon, and topped with Pico de gallo and sour cream" (seriously, the latter is an actual dish on the menu...).

Price was fair.
One star only removed because I've worked in food service before, and there's no way all my food was made fresh to order when it arrived in such a short amount of time.

That being said, I'm still in love with Sabrina.
Almost a year after a bad experience with extremely salty sausages, inconsistently fried eggs, and soggy bread, I gave Sabrina's another shot. I got the Lox and Onion omelette which comes with toast and potatoes. The meal was actually tasty and filling. The salmon was still over-salted, but the eggs balanced it out. The place also gives a warm, homey ambience. I'm still not too crazy about this place, but I'd definitely come back for occasional brunch gatherings in the winter.
Sabrina's is definitely a Philadelphia staple not to be missed! Young and hip, the vibe is casual, the menu is eclectic, and I never leave hungry. 

This University City location is unique in that it is located within a campus building. Pros - cute atmosphere, ability to order food to go and chill in the student lounge upstairs to avoid the long wait. Cons - very busy spot filled with university students! 

Although you can't make a reservation, the yelp waitlist has helped me avoid the ever-present long wait. If you choose to brave the wait, this location has a take out area where you can order a coffee and hang out while you wait.

The menu is amazing - breakfast staples plus a rotating list of seasonal specials. I love their unique blends of ingredients - you never know what's going to be on the menu at Sabrinas! Some of my favorite dishes include the Challah French Toast (get one for the table to share), the ultimate mexi scramble, the wild mushroom frittata, and the huevos rancheros. 

Overall, if you're willing to brave the wait, Sabrina's is an amazing spot for a delicious and original brunch with friends!
I love this place so much!! Honestly, my favorite brunch place. If they sold bottomless mimosas, it would be a 10/10. The food is always delicious, the portion sizes are huge, and the prices are pretty affordable. The other thing is that the wait can be pretty long. During Eid we had to wait 1 hour and a half! Definitely still worth it, but keep that in mind if you're making plans with friends. I would recommend sending someone I'm advance to put down your name (or putting your name via Yelp). Also, you smell tall the great flavors walking in. If you haven't gone, you are definitely missing out. Their costumer service is also really great. This is definitely top on my list.
They never disappoint and the food is always very tasty and fresh.  Would recommend you go early as it gets busy.  I had the chilaquiles and they were so good.  Also the parm fries were yummy.
This place was a result of a friend and I not being able to find a waffle house during our trip to Philly. Boy am I happy the waffle house we were looking for closed. First off, our waitress Jodi was one of the best waitress's I ever had the pleasure of coming across. Ridiculously nice, gave us awesome advice on the city, and provided us with great service and recommendations. I got the "Have you seen my Brunch" a croissant filled with eggs, turkey cutlet, and other goods. Delicious is an understatement. It was one of the most memorable meals I will ever have. Jodi provided the spot on recommendation of course. My buddy got the stuffed nutella french toast. I'm not a french toast fan but I loved this french toast. No complaints are fathomable about this place. The food wait may take a little longer than usual but it's a cafe atmosphere and there looks to be a great deal of time and thought put into each meal, if you're in a rush try a Mcdonalds. They may have a long wait time before you're sat but that's because of the high quality food and service this cafe provides. Thank you Jodi. I will be back and I will hopefully see you again soon!
Pious Opener:

One should never have an overly sweet caloric breakfast to start the morning.

Breakfast is not dessert.

You do not want to be jaded and bloated before you take on the urgent things you must do each day.

* * *

Reality Opener:

I ABSOLUTELY POSITIVELY ADORE Sabrina Cafe's Super-Large Massively Stuffed Challah French Toast.

Most sicky-sweet heavy breakfast dishes don't work.

Sabrina's NAILS IT.

Sabrina's Challah French Toast is Four pieces of challah made into two sandwiches with banana-cream-cheese-honey filling. Raw banana slices go on top.

The challah slices are each the size of a three story office building.

Reminder - you get four of these.

OH MY GOD THIS FRENCH TOAST WORKS.

Why does Sabrina succeed while others fail?

a) The dish is not sicky sweet.

b) There is just a faint enough taste of banana to give the dish character. Not the hit-em-over-the-head banana of a caramelized fried banana.
More the subtlety of a raw natural banana.

It adds creaminess and mellowness while keeping the sugar under control.

c) Challah just makes superior french toast. 

Every Jewish person knows this. 

If they forget this, the rabbis cancel their bar or bat mitzvah even if that happened over forty years ago.

Challah and French Toast are a destiny made to be.

d) The cream cheese cuts the sugar and adds richness. There is nothing else really rich in the dish so the cream cheese makes things satisfying without being overpowering. 

Bottom line on the French Toast: I started my day with a 2400 calorie French toast and loved every minute of it.

So did many of the other tables. Lots of people were going with the French Toast.

* * *

Sabrina's is a chain of five places. This particular establishment is in a brownstone in a Drexel University building. They rent out the space. Sabrina's is packed to the gills with students. The only older people I saw were family members of the students, obviously on some sort of campus visit,

The students were feeding their parents Sabrina's Stuffed Challah French Toast.

That will go a long way towards taking the sting out of Mom and Dad paying tuition.
Sabrina's Cafe is one of the most acclaimed brunch spots in Philly and I dined at three of their locations in the city. Having been in school in University City in the past a few years, I've been to this Sabrina's location so many times and have eaten so many dishes that I can't even remember, but I can safely say that no one dish I've tried here is not good (everything is at least slightly above average). Despite the fact that I experience some bumpy service here, I still decided to give them four stars for its consistently delicious food and the occasional surprises on their special brunch menu. 

First of all, the food here is really good and it comes in large portions (I often end up boxing them). I really like their innovative tweaks to traditional breakfast/brunch dishes and there are unexpected nice things on their seasonal special brunch menu. For example, today, I came here for a semi-business lunch with three other people and ordered their new Mexi Special on the special brunch menu (January 2018). As shown in my photo, the dish was perfect for me (and my new year resolution), it's on the lighter side: two poached eggs, half of an avocado, roasted cherry tomato, garlic hummus, plus my choice of multi-grain bread. The eggs were perfectly poached and spread nicely on my toasts. Hummus was smooth and flavorful while blending well with the roasted cherry tomato. I'm extremely impressed by this simple, healthy, yet satisfying dish.

However, my only complaint with Sabrina's is their sometimes spotty service, especially during their busy weekend brunch hours. Today, my Mexi Special was not served at the same time as the dishes ordered by the other people in my party. The server realized the problem when serving my friends, apologized immediately, and went back to figure out what happened. My Mexi Special eventually came, with another apology and some explanation. It was an unprofessional mistake for any kitchen, at least what they did to make up the mistake was acceptable.

Another problem is that the wait can be really bad. It was worse a few years ago because they had a really bad waiting system. In recent months, I find that the digital waitlist on the Yelp app works perfectly! Just join the waitlist before you head to the Sabrina's and it tells you the number of parties ahead of you. Problem solved!
Never had meal from Sabrina's that wasn't enjoyable.  This weekend, they featured a Game of Thrones inspired menu.  My wife and I both opted for the Theon Sweet Sausage Mexi Special, delicious.  We also had a half stuffed challah French toast, also as tasty as the other several times we've ordered it.  You can't go wrong at this place or the Sabrina's in PA and NJ, I've been to several.
Great brunch on the Drexel University campus. Sabrina's Café (University City) is in a nice old building, sharing space with the Ross Commons. This is the place my hotel concierge recommended, and she did not steer me wrong.

I had the Huevos Rancheros, vegetarian style (no chorizo) and they were excellent! The next table over ordered the French Toast (Challah) and it looked absolutely amazing! Totally decadent. 

Burgers and sandwiches look good, so now Sabrina's is on my radar if I'm in town. Super!
OMG this place is phenomenal.  I got the stuffed french toast half portion (and even this was enough to share with another person) as well as the eggs benedict from the olympics menu.  I agree with everyone who says that if it's your first time here, you must try the stuffed french toast.  It is enormous, and does not disappoint for the price.  Thick cut challah and stuffed with a creamy filling and bananas.  Topped with bananas and syrup.  This is almost like a dessert.

The eggs benedict was wonderful, served with a cheese whiz sauce over steak, spinach, mushrooms, and bread.  It was topped with pickled peppers.  I wasn't a huge fan of that and the bread wasn't that great.  Otherwise, it was a very interesting and tasty take on eggs benedict.  The home fries that were served with it were great.  I was really impressed with the flavor.  It had some onions cooked with it, and the home fries were perfectly crispy on the outside and soft on the inside.  Perfection.

The wait time wasn't too bad either.  I used the no-wait app which others had recommended and only had to wait about 5 minutes for a table.  One thing that I was surprised by was that when I asked for barbecue sauce, I was charged an extra 50 cents for it.  Other than that, I can't really complain.  I was happy with the service as my coffee was refilled often, and the food came out pretty quickly.  It was  a little hot in here, but I sat in an area that was had a lot of fans.  Overall, this is a great brunch spot  with huge portions and quality food, that I highly recommend!
I LOVE BRUNCH! It's hands down my favorite meal and I love Sabrinas because they do it oh so well. I couldn't even count how many times I've been this past year. It is my go-to feel good brunch spot because everything about it makes me happy. The little house, the sunroom on the left, the pumpkin pancakes, challah french toast, eggs benedict, huevos rancheros, the list goes on. I love ordering off their changing special menu because thats where things like white chocolate pumpkin pancakes with mango syrup happen. The cutest and quaintest place to go on a brunch date with a friend or significant other right in university city :) I suggest everyone try it at least once!
Sabrina's is definitely worth the detour. I would make the detour anytime. It is a bustling eatery (filled with locals, college students, and visitors alike) on the lower-level of a beautiful house. It almost feels like home with creative, innovative, and eccentric food that is comforting. We both ordered off of the special 90's hip hop menu. I got eggs florentine a.k.a. Salt-N-Peppa's "Let's Talk About Eggs Baby." I added lox, which was an eggsellent choice. The hollandaise was thick, but not heavy or rich, and it went well with the earthy spinach, the salty lox, and the creamy yolks. Boyfriend ordered the special stuffed French toast, which was out of control. It was sweet and oddly savory at the same time-- tangy with cream cheese studded with brownie bits and Bailey's, blending the chocolate with creaminess. Then the fresh strawberries and blueberries brought a bright tart moment that melded with the berry cinnamon honey syrup. There were so so so many things right with this Master P's "Make 'Em Say MMMM..." Special French toast. 

Love Sabrina's-- from the food to the vibe, it's classic with an edge.
Have been wanting to checkout this place for a long time. Finally got a chance to have brunch at Sabrina's. The place where you could only get plain default college mess food- french fries, hamburgers, sodas ..now offers mouth watering french challah toast, benedicts,  and fresh juice (fresh squeezed OJ a must try!) Its nice to have a decent brunch place around the neighborhood.


Being a vegetarian, i was a little apprehensive about what would be offered for the no meat selections, but more than 70% of the menu looked veg. friendly! (+1)
But of course that stands true only for Brunch Selections.


My order was the Veg burger topped with caramelized onions, Red peppers (side of sweet potato fries)
Fries-  Looked like those leftovers fries simply reheated. Unhappy (-1)
Veggie patty-  Thank god it wasn't a whole grain patty. (+1)

OJ: Fresh squeezed, Amazing!!! (+1)

I am not  an expert in the overall conventions of food arrangement/presentation but to plain layman, i think whatever it is, the eating experience should be manageable at the least.  
A part of the patty was dangling outside the burger buns, with melted provolone overflowing off the burger conquering 1/3rd of my plate joined by the peppers. (I KNOW A picture would have helped!)...but its a Brunch. who gives a damn abt presentation, but i guess that does in a way reflect something about the restaurant.

The Cafe has definitely put some life back into the Ross Commons, which kinda laid dead for a while before..its good to see some bustle around now (+1)

Neither hate nor love it, but will surely swing by again to try another dish. Barking Chihuahua probably!
We were debating between Tallulahs Garden or Sabrina's for brunch. I liked what I saw on Yelp so Sabrina's won. This cafe is located between Drexel and U of Penn. There are other locations but this was located near Old City where we wanted to explore.
The menu offers a feast for many palates and I wondered was it worth the Zagat rave?
We entered and were told there was a 20 minute wait and we would be texted when our table was ready. We could wait upstairs in the  lounge area where comfy seats and old episodes of the Brady Bunch awaited us. As we strolled  down memory lane with Marcia,Greg and Jan we were texted. 
We wanted to sit in the enclosed area to face outside view. 
The menu boasted great breakfast fare which consisted of frittatas, French toast and La Colombe coffee. There of course were burgers, salads and cereal with fresh fruit and granola.
I built my own egg white omelet with spinach, grilled onions, Wisconsin cheddar and apples.
This was served with a heap of amazing home fries and multi grain bread. My friends portion of French toast was amazing. The portions are huge so come extra hungry. Our waitress Ananda W was amazing and met every request.
Sabrina has a great vibe and of course a young college crowd. No one rushes you so you can enjoy a lazy Sunday brunch. The manager came by and was very attentive.
I highly recommend this cafe. You will enjoy a great brunch.
Sabrina's Café is my favorite brunch spot in Philadelphia! I have been here dozens of times and not once have I ever been disappointed by the service or food. Their biggest draw is the stuffed Challah French toast, but I tend to go for their breakfast sandwiches. Besides breakfast and brunch, they have great salads. Everything is worth it, not only because it's delicious, but because they give you huge portions!
My wife and I LOVE this place! By far the best brunch place we've been to in Philadelphia. The ambience is cozy, warm and friendly, and the food is an absolute delight and the portion sizes are also generous! In particular, I recommend the Bella vista omelette (these are customizable omelettes with your choice of cheese, vegetables and bread). These are served with the most amazing home fries! If you're in the mood for really decadent stuff, go for the french toast! You won't regret it (at least not while you're eating it!). They also have specials which change every week.

Be warned: Sabrina's tends to be very busy on weekend mornings and they don't allow reservations, but once you show up here and request seating, they'll text you when they're ready. The neighborhood is quite nice, so we typically just walk around and get our pre-brunch exercise.
It's been a couple of months since I returned to the Bay after visiting friends on the East Coast and I really, really miss Sabrina's Cafe.  And my friends.  Yes, definitely my friends, too.  

When I was in Philly, my friend, Joyce, took me to Sabrina's.  We got there at around 10 AM and were seated immediately.  The place was absolutely packed on a Sunday morning and after finishing my meal, I knew exactly why.  

They had a really punny, dating-themed portion of the menu, but I opted for their classic stuffed challah french toast (11.29) and a large orange juice (3.99).  

The challah toast is delightfully thick and chewy, and the cream cheese whipped stuffing in between is not too heavy.  I'm not sure what they mix it with, but it has just a hint of the sour cream cheese flavor without giving off the sense that you're eating a block of the stuff.  The bananas and berries sprinkled generously all over provide some tartness and fiber, haha, in between bites of carb-y, sugary- goodness.  One thing I will note is that they pour syrup over everything and it pools at the bottom of the plate.  If you're not into soggy parts of toast by the end of your meal, try asking for the syrup on the side.  

Oooh, child.  That was the absolute best french toast I have EVER had.  So good, in fact, that the very next morning, my friend, Jacque C., and I went to the Sabrina's Cafe on 910 Christian Street and ordered the very same thing.  If you're looking for a great breakfast spot, look no further than Sabrina's!
I had finally paid this location a visit, & I must say, out of all of locations, this ones my Favorite!! It's location sits on corner in Powelton, easy to get to & a gorgeous spot it is. Easily accessible in parking & no meters either-residential. Heart of Drexel University. WE were seated in  the rounded room , and our waitress was attentive in the La Columbe coffee we split Challah French toast & still couldn't finish it !!. All in all pleasant experience and across the way ,same building, was Spencer's burgers, think sister restaurant..Open picnic tables, but I didn't get to see the menu.
Would I go back,???

Return factor: Yes, that area has great architect so well-kept. Loved it!!!
Beautiful place! Very big portion food with beautiful view and everything. Love the French toast and shake here! Only problem is it's so busy here.... Average wait time is about 40 mins.
Just had brunch at Sabrina's Cafe and it's a YES!  I visited the University City location and it's right beside Drexler University so cool vibe. You can go for a walk after you enjoy your delicious meal. 

We ordered the following: regular French toast, stuffed French toast,  chicken  and waffles , pancakes, and shrimp  and grits. I tasted every dish and they were all good but the shrimp and grits were amazing. 

The chicken waffles were really tasty the chicken was moist and well seasoned. 

The pancakes and regular French toast was good. 

The stuffed French toast was too stuffed but it was good. In my opinion too much for one person it may be good for four people to share. 

Like I said the shrimp and grits were so yummy the ingredients complemented one another perfectly.
I came on Sunday to brunch for a friends birthday. The food was bland, as usual. But I knew it was going to be before I arrived (go for the sweet dishes - they need work on savory). The Black Bean Grits are a sin! Why fix grits if they ain't broke? My friend said they tasted just like beans. I don't get it - grits are easy to make great. I got a dish called The Tots. The "tator tot" was more like a little knish. That was the best part. The sausage was eh and the veggies were too big for my liking. The veggies were bigger than sausage. And the eggs were bland. The aioli was tasty but that was it. 

The real issue was the lack of cleanliness and the GNATS! They were excessive. I felt like I was eating them. We were swiping them away left and right. 

We finally got to the manager. They told us that because the building was old that's why the gnats were present. (Sketchy) Also, they said that they'd called the exterminators 6 times over the past week and yadda yadda but that they still didn't do their job. It took him forever to just apologize. And then he comp'd our bill. Forget the comp, I feel like they shouldn't be open with such a gross problem. Furthermore, the cleanliness was lacking and their ice was exposed the entire time. Gross. 

Safe to say, I'm not coming back.
Sabrina's in SP was a favorite growing up. Now, living in Brewerytown and working at Penn, my family is HOOKED on this place! Pre-pandemic, we loved to visit, but now I appreciate the convenience (and safety) of delivery. The food is just as tasty; they are very consistent. We love the Challah French toast, the chicken and waffles, and the tofu scramble. The pancakes are good, too! The servings are large to us; we usually share and still have a leftovers.
I was back in Philly this past weekend and met a friend here for brunch before church. Having lived in University City for six years, I've been to Sabrina's plenty of times but this was my first time coming on a Sunday morning. We arrived around 10am and were originally told there would be a 30 minute wait since the place was already packed, but thankfully we were seated in 5 minutes. Neither of us were super hungry and knowing Sabrina's portion sizes, we decided to split one order of the Michael Myers Would Kill For This Mexi Special from their Halloween-themed specials, as well as a side of home fries with cheese. Our server was thoughtful enough to have this brought out on two separate plates for us -- and we were still shocked at how big the individual portions were! Plus, since the Mexi Special (a tasty combo of all the good things in life i.e. green chili biscuit, pepper jack cheese, eggs, mushrooms, ground beef, roasted butternut squash, smoky roasted tomato sauce, salsa and avocado) already came with home fries, she offered to just add some cheese to them at no charge. Awesome :)

Five stars for a yummy and filling brunch and great service. Bonus points for having three different types of hot sauce to choose from - sriracha, Cholula's, and Frank's! Sabrina's will always be a must-visit every time I'm back in town.
This place is overrated and overpriced. It's a popular brunch spot in Philly (probably because there are very few), but it's not too impressive. I went a couple times just to make sure I wasn't catching them on a bad day. 

Service: The greeters are not friendly but the wait staff is a bit more pleasant. 

Food: Overpriced. The taste wasn't bad but it also wasn't worth what it costs.

Ambiance: It's a bright place and the decor is absolutely lovely. I could sit in there all day.
Great food, not a terrible wait ( considering it was a Sunday during brunch hours). The space is a little right which I'm not a fan of but makes sense due to the area. It's connected to a place called Spencer's eta burgers and the staff seems to work both places. Is a bit kid friendly. 

This place has an amazing waiting area. Instead of waiting outside or in a tiny little closet ( much like the one on callowhill) you can wait upstairs in a lush living room setting with TVs and a wii. Which definitely makes a long wait more tolerable.

The whole wheat pancakes phenomenal! The tofu scramble is great as are the "homies" as they call them . ( homefries) 

Super cute, with good food. The staff seemed stress and wasn't super present. Seemed like there should have been more of them working in such a rush but I can live with that with a tofu scramble I like .
Great location for students in University City (no need to take a cab into South Philly anymore - yay!), but I was really disappointed by their current French Toast special. Everything about it was just unappealing - the spiced ricotta and the apple, pear, raisin compote sounded good on paper but in reality, I would go as far to say it tasted kind of gross. It was just too sweet and the compote had a really odd texture. I've had their French Toast specials before and they're usually straight-up amazing.
This is one of my favorite brunch spots in University City. Sabrina's Cafe is right near Drexel University's campus. There's street parking available and the restaurant is very cozy and has a casual atmosphere. Sabrina's is popular though so expect a wait, especially if you're with a group. I went with one other person and we were seated immediately but groups of four or larger had to wait for a table. 

The waitress was very friendly and constantly checked on my table to see if I wanted more coffee and if the food's to my liking. I ordered from their special fall menu and everything tasted so delicious. The "Hello Gourdeous" Special French Toast is similar to Sabrina's signature Challah French Toast but with different toppings. Their French toast is pretty sweet, so I'd recommend getting something savory to go along with it. 

Most of their items are around $10-15 which is pretty typical for brunch places in the area. The only downside to my experience was that it took some time for the food to come out. The restaurant was very busy and the waitress did come to my table and apologized for how long the wait was. 

I love Sabrina's and I'd highly recommend!
Absolutely love Sabrina's. Everyone I bring is always delighted! The weekend wait times are usually long so I definitely recommend putting your name down early. My favorite spot is the window area to the left of the restaurant.
From the outside, Sabrina's is a gorgeous cafe with a large windows and a beautiful doorway! They have a large space inside that is packed with people for Sunday brunch. Their food comes in large portions - we definitely could have gotten two entrees for three people, but everything was delicious! 
I had a lox platter with sesame bagel - there was enough topping for me to eat the two halves seperately! The salmon was fresh and tasty, they also had olives, capers, lettuce, tomatoe and onion. They also provided some cream cheese that melted onto the bagel. 
My sister had the egg-white frittata, which was super fluffy and topped with a salsa giving it a fun flavor. I do think the addition of avocados would have brought it to the next level! 
We also tried the eggs benedict which featured two runny poached eggs, cooked spinach and a toasted english muffin. I think the highlight were the potatoes that were fluffy on the inside and slightly crunchy on the outside with salty seasoning. 
Great way to start your weekend!
Cute brunch spot on Drexel's campus. We ordered off their limited edition game of thrones themed menu:

+ Jamie and Cersei keeping it in the fam pancakes (Nice and fluffy with tasty crumble on top. If their other pancakes are anything like this they'll be amazing)

+ Jon snow who's your daddy burger (this used English muffins in place of buns and had tots eggs and bacon inside - delicious!) and sweet potato fries (which were kind of limp and soggy) 

Sabrina's is usually a long wait but we joined the yelp waitlist half an hour before our arrival and were seated shortly after. (pro tip: if the wait is too long, grab your food to go and sit upstairs in the common lounge area)
Taste: 8.627/10
Price: 8.5/10

$9.79 for a barking chihuahua (the burrito thing) $10.29 for the french toast

That french toast is the best french toast ive ever had. Idunno what bread they use they probably made it themselves but they are two towers of power those things were so fluffy omg. They had like some banana cinnamon stuff in between and each bite was just mm mm mmmmmmm! Wow amazing you gotta try it out its pretty sweet considering its covered in syrup and fruit stuffs LOL but dude its so good and not that expensive

The burrito was pretty good too ! Nothing particularly spoke to me about it which can be good as well it was just an enjoyable breakfast burrito LOL it all blended together well no flavor was overpowering or anything and the potatoes were cooked well and filling.

Go here for breakfast it is affordable and filling !!
It was a bit difficult to find the front door as a first timer since there isn't a sign, but after a bit of describe work I found it. Yet that's probably a bad way to introduce you to this restaurant. 

***Spoiler Alert for my Netflix fans***

This is the FIRST and only restaurant I've come across that plays on Netflix hit show 'Stranger Things' which was amazing because the special dishes play well and they hold their own weight. I could've order three of the specials because they all sound so good and are reasonably priced too. I ordered the Hopper's Mexi Special for $13 and golly was it a HUGE filling burrito. The Basil flour tortilla along with the lime sour cream sent my mouth on a nice journey. Coming from the South the maple brisket that is another filling could've been executed better yet most college kids probably won't notice. That plate certainly and any other plate I saw passing my face could easily fill a growing man. 

I plan to drag my friends here for more rounds of different dishes they offer as they are moderately priced with very good portions to fill the belly.
One of my go-to brunch spots in Philly!

Huge tip: reserve a spot on the app so you don't have to wait in person! by doing this, I only waited 3 minutes when I arrived at the door 

(+) The Tots - I was expecting typical tater tots but rather they gave me fluffy, pillowy potato cakes with a nice side of egg and sauce.
Trying to get into this little restaurant is like looking for the magic door. We walked around the building twice looking for a door with a Sabrina's sign to no avail. We finally just picked a door and wandered through hallways until we made it into the dining room. 
And we were glad we did! What a great brunch we had. Sabrina's has an eclectic menu and we tried a couple of unusual dishes that were fantastic! The staff is friendly and fast and there's a great huzz in the dining room. We loved it and will go back the next time we're in town!!
Atmosphere: Sabrina's Cafe is a cozy restaurant/cafe about a 5 minute Uber drive from Penn's campus. The interior is welcoming and colorful. We went pre-COVID lockdowns and were seated by the large windows. Loved the natural lighting!

Service: The servers were nice, and we had no problems with ordering, receiving food, or paying!

Food: We ordered the Challah French Toast and Two Eggs Any Style (over easy) with country white bread. The French Toast was a solid breakfast item, but it was on the heavier side - we had to pack a lot of it in a to-go box because we couldn't finish it dining in. The two eggs any style neither impressed or disappointed us. For being a "local favorite" to some, we were rather unmoved by our brunch experience, as there wasn't anything particularly spectacular about our meal.

Overall: A rather average brunch meal that was reflected by the cost. There were not any major pitfalls or highlights, which is why we solidly gave Sabrina's Cafe a 3.
Same great food in a different location. This site also has their burger restaurant attached to it.
Stopped by here with the girls for some brunch and got seated as soon as we arrived. As much as I love brunch and going to cafes, this was surprisingly my first time stopping by here. Our server was very sweet and the service was very reasonable.

Now onto the good part-- my table ordered the stuffed challa French toast (so good!!), the Santa Fe turkey burger, chicken and waffles, and I ordered the Kiss A** Burrito (pictured). I personally didn't try the chicken and waffles but heard it was OK, nothing special. However the turkey burger was pretty good and the challa French toast was amazing! 

The Kick A** Burrito was a perfect blend of savory goodness! Especially the cheese sauce they poured over on top! (I dipped some sweet potato fries and it was an AMAZING combo!) None of us could finish any of what we ordered and our server was kind enough to provide us with to-go boxes. Can't wait to eat the rest later! :)
Sabrina's is always a good place to go when all else fails. Known for their brunch, but all items on the menu have been good, and I prefer them over some other over hyped places. I love the specials they have. Their team is very creative in terms of putting certain ingredients together and the names or topics they use. Right now the specials are named after woke in government. I forget the name of what I ordered, but I received an egg white omelet with fontina, with a three tomato salsa on too served atop grilled carrot raisin bread. It came with a grilled grapefruit with cinnamon and their signature home fries. You have to appreciate the uniqueness if nothing else. Try it out!
My sister picked this place for Sunday brunch. We didn't know anything about it. The first thing that I loved was the building it's in. I have a thing for houses with rooms that are rounded turrets and this building has one. I actually said to my husband, "Oh wow, look at that building," and then got really excited when I realized it was our destination. So aside from the cool building (which we discovered is somehow related to neighboring Drexel University), we had a very nice brunch.

The only reason really that this is not a five star review is the way we were treated at the start of our meal. My sister got there early and got on the list. They refused to seat her until we got there (always so annoying). Then once we arrived, the hostess sat several tables before us, even after she told my sister we were next. When we finally said something to her about it, she mumbled something about us being next. We were finally seated and things took a turn up from there.

So they have a pretty extensive coffee menu, including some really fun lattes and stuff. I got one that was kind of like hazelnut hot chocolate and was really yummy. I got an eggs benedict and was super happy to learn that you can get any kind of meat you want in the benedict - and I got scrapple because then I could get my scrapple fix too while I was at it. It was kind of weird to have scrapple benedict but pretty tasty. The scrapple was nice and crispy. The eggs were poached well. I just wished their was more hollandaise. The potatoes were good. My sister got an omelette, which looked awesome. My brother in law got french toast and my husband got something that I can't remember. But overall, we were all very satisfied and stuff. Service was decent though I thought that could have been a little better too. But overall a pretty solid brunch. Very busy though - be prepared to wait.
so far this is the best quality brunch food I have had compared to other brunch restaurants with sizable portions to fill you up and courteous staff to serve you!

my go to is the huevos rancheros since it has a unique creamy savory flavor and crunch with each bite.  I have had their eggs benedict which is solid although portion size seems to vary at times? I have heard their pancakes and french toast really hit the spot so will most likely try them next time around. 

i recommend calling ahead to see if there is any wait in line as it can get busy pretty frequently.  otherwise, top notch brunch restaurant that I will be going back to soon!
I REALLY wanted to like this place. Everyone's food looked sooooooo good. I gave it 3 stars because my non vegan friends really enjoyed their meals. However, I had the vegan philly cheese steak with fries and it was mediocre at best. The bread was really hard so eating the sandwich became a struggle. It completely fell apart forcing me to continuously scoop the contents onto the bread. The flavors didn't resemble a cheese steak at all. Felt like I was eating veggies and ketchup on bread. The fries were great though.
Those sunday morning brunch lines though...

Want to avoid them?? Use the "no wait" app- we used it on a Sunday morning, and there were about 50 people ahead of us. We got there within an hour, and there was still about 10 parties ( which took about an additional 45 minutes of waiting). Waiting is of course a part of the brunch deal, which isn't a big deal; theres actually a game room a floor or two above the restaurant that you can check out while you wait.

The biggest gamble I feel is leaving the area near the seating host/ess right when your party is called. The few times this past month that I went to Sabrina's there was at least one group each time that missed their call to grab their table, and they ended up waiting about 5-10 more minutes. What makes this worse is that the seating hostess a majority of the times that I was there was not very people friendly, and was super crabby . The first time I waited there with my friend, I saw the seating hostess  abruptly call groups, and wait maybe only 10 seconds max to see if a group would approach her. Oftentimes it's just so crowded that it takes about a minute to navigate the crowds, and lots of people have to wait outside because of the lack of space near the hostess. Efficiently calling patrons to their tables without waiting extra (and without being moody) is something Sabrina's can improve on. Keep this in mind when you have about 5 minutes before your party is called- you obviously don't want to wait around even more.

Beyond that- Sabrina's I feel is good brunch fare. A bit overhyped,especially with all this wait. Their eggs benedict are great. The challah toast is a HUGEEE serving. Same with the pancakes. But solid food, great service, and unlimited coffee.
Long wait times-- they should change their policy and let people share tables like they do in European restaurants.  We had the pancakes and steak and eggs meals. The pancakes were not tasty at all- had a funky taste. Steak was overcooked and a little tough. Not sure it was worth the wait.
Wait a minute!  WAIIIIIIIIT a minute?  Did I seriously just eat at Sabrina's WITHOUT having to wait an hour????

Oh, cause it's dinner time.  And we are in U City.

Nonetheless, a great meal was had at Sabrina's and it didn't take a million years to sit down.  Score!

This was my first non-breakfast meal at Sabrina's and I was pretty impressed.  I ordered a mediterranean wrap (whole wheat wrap filled with hummus, olives, feta, cucumbers, roasted red peppers).  I though the hummus was really good- had a tang to it and wasn't super dry like hummus can be.  The veggies were all super fresh.  The wrap itself was pretty big and it came with a side of slaw.  The slaw was a little dry, but like the rest of the dish, it was super fresh.  

The rest of our table ordered an assortment of items, but I think it's worth noting that the overall favorite was the sweet potato fries.  They are topped with a sweet dusting of brown sugar (i think?) that was super tasty.

For those of you who can't imagine Sabrina's without those ginormous i-can-eat-dessert-for-breakfast-because-i'm-grown-up pancakes, do not despair, they offer breakfast all day!

Word of caution- website refers to it as BYOB but we were told upon arriving (with wine bottles in hand) that they are not BYOB.  Didn't really make a difference to us, but just something to note.
Restaurant is located in west philly in a university commons building. Parking is a little tricky since you have to park on the street. We ate here for brunch and with it being so close to Halloween they had a special Halloween menu. The coffee and hot chocolate were smooth and creamy served with foam. We ordered The Bride of Eggs Benedict Florenstein, The Amityville Challah Stuffed French Toast, and The Crystal Lake breakfast special. Everything was so good and we left full and satisfied.
Service is great. Food quantity is huge. Quality is satisfying. My second time getting the pancakes. The short stack (2 pancakes) is filling alone, but topped with chocolate chip and peanut butter chips makes it that much more. I haven't tried the 3 stacks yet cause 2 is already hard to finish. 

The stuffed french toast is a bit much. Tried a piece with the cream cheese and I knew that it'll be a struggle to finish. The cream cheese did not overwhelm the french toast taste either so thats great. 

Give this Sabrina's a try at least.
Came here for brunch on a sunday, waited for about 15 minutes for a table which is not bad at all as I've waited longer for certain brunch spots.  This is my first time at this location, I usually go to the one near Fairmount. I actually like this location alot better simply because I like the building and the seating arrangements. We were seated near the window and the area actually wraps around in a circle which I thought was pretty cool. This location is normally filled with students from university around the area. 
As for the food, I ordered the eggs benedict florentine with veggie sausage and my friend had the Belle Vista omelette. We also ordered 2 cappucinos.   My eggs benedict was delicious, came with spinach.
I was visiting a family member in Philly with a friend and we decided to all have brunch together at Sabrina's. Sabrina's apparently has more than one location, but we went to the one in Powelton Village, because that's where we were  at the time. It was pretty crowded and there was a little bit of a wait, but when we were seated our waitress attended to us right away and was attentive throughout the whole meal. Her name ironically was Sabrina, but she was not the owner. The brunch menu was very interesting. All the meals had very long witty names. My relative ordered the "Will begin last year's resolution Mexi's special" which consisted of home fries (he subbed them for regular fries) topped with sweet and spicy short ribs, chipotle tomato ragout, scrambled eggs (again his preference) lime sour cream and tomatillo pico de gallo. He loved it and ate every last bite. I went with "Eat meat once a year (and today's that day) burger special." It was a turkey burger, lettuce tomato, caramelized fennel and cabbage, pork belly and melted swiss with Russian dressing and a fried carrot garnish and it was amazing and bigger than my head. I obviously couldn't finish it, but it was so good. My friend ordered a bacon cheese burger with American cheese, but he received provolone cheese. We also ordered the challah French toast special which was topped fresh strawberries and was delicious. We all really enjoyed everything we ate. Unfortunately, after the meal my friend proceeded to get very sick. He claims it was the provolone cheese. Maybe his burger wasn't cooked all the way through. I'm not sure what the issue was, but my meal was amazing and I'd definitely go back. They always have different brunch specials with creative names and I would willingly try them all.
There's not a lot of things I would die for, but the stuffed challah french toast is definitely one of them. I would try to describe it to you, but it's just something you should experience yourself tbh. I promise you won't regret it. And if you wanna balance it with something savory get the huevos rancheros. Now that's an iconic duo. Kylie and kendall who?!
Went here for brunch on a Sunday morning. 45 minute wait, but they text you when your table is ready. Food was great. Interior was nice- sat at the window and got a nice street view. The upstairs has comfy chairs to wait around in if you don't have a table, along with free pool. 

I got a breakfast sandwich- sourdough bread, egg, Wisconsin cheese, tomatoes & I added bacon. Everything was amazing. Service was great too.
Make sure to get up a little early, because Sunday Brunch at Sabrina's is packed! But the food and the atmosphere is well worth the wait, especially during the fall and winter months.

I've been lucky enough to come here a number of times, both with friends and visiting family members, and we have yet to be dissappointed.

-Challah French Toast: Although I've tried other entrees by picking off the plates of my friends, the french toast here is a go to. The fluffiness of the challah bread is perfect for a breakfast dish and the simplicity of the powdered sugar and syrup on top makes for such a great start to any weekend day (not to say I haven't had their french toast for dinner before). The best thing is that this dish is good with other toppings too! My first time here I tried it with M&Ms and bananas and strawberries are never a bad idea either. I also tend to split a few sides of eggs and potatoes whenever I'm here too.

-Hot Chocolate: It might seem crazy to pair such a rich drink with a sweet entree but the hot chocolate is so good here, and 100% any sugar rush you might experience afterward.

Sabrina's is easily one of the best brunch spots in West Philly. Try it out sometime! Makes for a good Instagram story as well :)
What have I been missing. This place is cute and quaint. The service was fast and friendly. I would absolutely come back. I recommend the omlette or stuffed french toast. Everything was delicious even the homefries. Make sure you come around 11 to avoid the early crowds. Parking wasn't hard to find.
My husband and I visited for brunch one morning and had a wonderful experience! We had to wait a few moments for a table (understandable on a weekend) but the food was worth the wait! I ordered salmon on a bagel, my favorite breakfast dish, and I was so impressed with the lovely presentation. My husband ordered the broken pencil French toast and we were blown away by how crispy yet tender and flavorful it was. The decor has a homey and hip vibe and the staff are very friendly and attentive. Would highly recommend!
Not good. At first yes, but, they use a lot of canola oil, even tried to tell me it was olive oil for my salad, uh, no, it wasn't. I am allergic to it and it simply is bad for you. 
Really has gone down hill. That's a shame. When you use cheap ingredients, it shows...and tastes bad, got sick several times after eating there. Two words: Cheap Ingredients. I don't buy cheap ingredients when I cook at home, should I go out and eat cheap ingredients that they charge quadruple for? You can answer that one.
You can order breakfast here all day, which in my book automatically deserves a star :-)
Returned with my now-husband for an anniversary brunch date.

The stuffed challah french toast is good, although not quite as good as my first visit years ago. The edges are not as crispy. It's still overwhelmingly sweet & rich & way more than we could finish at once.

Burger was solid. I like that they have the option of sweet potato fries.

The "fresh squeezed OJ" does not taste fresh-squeezed at all. It tastes like mediocre orange juice out of a carton. It didn't taste good at all. To be avoided.
So I've been told that's the best brunch place in Philly, and I guess it's true.
Busy place, have to reserve in advance on the weekends. 
I tried the Angus burger and the poached eggs in a croissant and both were delicious.
he plates were big, the prices are reasonable.
The staff is friendly.
We also tried the Buttermilk special pancakes and the French toasts and they were also perfect.
I really enjoyed this place. I would visit again.
The restaurant in west philly does not live up to the reputation of the original location. I took my mother there for her birthday she smiled but I could gather she was not happy because I wasn't!
Bruh. This place is basically in a college dorm, but it's got a mix of freshman and plain folks like us. Brunch specials named after poets and sh*t. Wife had some Maya Angelou dish... Off the charts with creativity and deliciousness. Well worth it.
If you can get here early, or if you don't mind waiting, this is a must try.  The menu is full of innovative entrees.  They take your standard brunch/breakfast items and transform it into something impressive.  

Also had dinner here and it did not disappoint.
Never fails to impress. Food is always hot and delicious. Only difficulty is the wait, which is worth it! Their stuffed French toast is to die for, and they even have gluten free bread. I love their special menus where everything is changing. Prices are incredibly reasonable too!
When you're on the 9-5 grind, you find yourself searching for the small victories. All week, my girlfriend and I had been building up to a big Saturday brunch at Sabrina's on Powelton. We arrived at 11:45am, ready to eat and impressed with the beautiful building housing the word-of-mouth famous brunch spot. 

First of all, the coffee is La Colombe, which if you know anything about me, is a definite plus. And the stuffed french toast, I must say, was tasty. Our waitress was very nice and recommended a half portion of the french toast (thank goodness, it was still huge). The sweet options look absolutely fantastic and with the option of half portions, it is a really reasonable place to get brunch in Philadelphia. These highlights and high hopes notwithstanding, the rest of the food and experience was either lackluster or downright disappointing. 

When we arrived, we were told it was a 45 minute wait, which we had anticipated and didn't mind. My only initial complaint is that most quality brunch spots - Hawthorne's, for example - offer coffee while you wait. Sabrina's did not. After 30 minutes, I went up to ask how many people were in front of us. The hostess very curtly responded not with information, but by saying that we had twenty minutes left on our wait time. I understand that they automate these things now; however, everyone knows that wait times are estimates, not exactly figures, so why she was so rude about it, your guess is as good as mine. 

My patience was wearing thin as we waited closer to an hour, all the while people who clearly put their name on the list after us - people with the same party size of 2 - were seated. At one point, the hostess admitted to a coworker that she had called out the wrong name (a group of 2 who had waited all of 4 minutes). Trust me, I'm not usually one to get worked up about waits, but it seemed like they were arbitrarily holding us for the full 45. At least one or two couples seemed to know a hostess and were, of course, seated in a matter of minutes.

Obviously, the experience influenced the rest of the meal. I was still eating when the waitress took my girlfriend's plate away and rushed back with an unsolicited check. Granted, it was Saturday in University City, but after waiting an hour, you hope for at least some time to digest your food. I may try Sabrina's in the Italian Market, and hope for some redemption, but I seriously doubt I'll be returning to the Powelton location. The brunch we had hoped for turned out to put a damper on our whole Saturday. Possibly the biggest disappointment I've had at a Philly restaurant.
The food is wonderful. It is my go-to breakfast place. Good value for the Main Line. 

Weekend wait times are long. However, that speaks to the quality of the food and overall experience BB
Came here for brunch on a first date and had the Stuffed Challah French Toast, which was recommended.  Date and Sabrina's both scored points on that.  Toast was delicious and decadent!  Thankfully the French Toast was so huge that I brought the leftovers home and had the other half for brunch the next day.

Beautiful place to sit and talk for brunch.  Nice atmosphere.  Lots of windows.

Service was a bit odd.  I'd had about 2 bites of my Stuffed French Toast and got brought the bill.  Wasn't ready to leave, though, and we weren't explicitly asked to leave.  Just not sure if/why the waiter was trying to get us to leave before we'd eaten anything.  ah well.  odd.

Not sure how other food is here, but that toast is 5 stars.
On a Friday afternoon, right before a week-long winter break, seventeen of my coworkers and I descended upon Sabrina's new West Philly location. We had just been given notice of an early dismissal from work, and we were looking to celebrate. We took over a large room in the restaurant for lunch, after calling ahead. 

I ordered the fish tacos at first, but was told that they were out of tilapia, so I had to go back to the menu. This was a simple task because there were about 10 different menu items over which I had wavered. So, I ordered the veggie burger instead and asked if they could add avocado. They could, for $1 extra which was no big deal. I had a choice between regular fries, sweet potato fries, or I could pay a little extra to get a side salad. I knew I should order the salad, but I can't resist a place that makes sweet potato fries. 

Serving eighteen people at once is no easy task, and the restaurant did a pretty good job. Only one order was missed, one of my coworkers had to wait an extra 5 minutes for her egg burrito while we dug into our dishes, lest they get cold. 

My veggie burger was high quality; it was very similar to one I've had at Whole Foods hot grill. The avocado on top was nice and fresh but a little skimpy for the extra dollar. The sweet potato fries were divine. With a little sprinkle of powdered sugar on top, they were similar to funnel cake. The little side of cabbage slaw made me feel a bit healthier about my meal choice. 

I'm definitely coming back to Sabrina's for lunch, the next time I'm looking for a filling meal in West Philly. I'm especially excited to try out their vegetarian cheesesteak, now that I've given up meat.
This rating is for this location only. Ive only been able to enjoy this one only. 

This was my New Years celebration hangover place to feed my hookah and alcohol induced starvation. 

Were we smart and rolled out of bed to get there early-ish and to go the one near the colleges. Because we knew those "silly kids" would still be in bed.  hahahahahaah and that they were. When we got there it was no wait, really.  Just until my hubby found parking.  So  there is hint... if you have a party of 5, you aren't getting seated until everyone is there. 

I love the feel of this cafe. So warm and inviting, its like eating at your aunties house for brunch. 

Service was quick, friendly and efficient. The servers kinda zip in and out without really being noticed until you need them. 

I ordered the breakfast sandwich, fried egg, turkey sausage, sauteed onions with provolone on a plain bagel  it came with a side of home potatoes. But the options with the breakfast sandwich are basically endless. But the highlight of my meal were the potatoes.... fried golden, perfectly seasoned with lots of little crispy bits.

Hubby got the pancakes with a side of bacon. Upon the pancake arrival they were beautifully prepared. But I will say these are definitely a  thicker pancake. Yes, fluffy but super thick. And one downer is they came out with cold butter. .......this is personal pet peeve of mine.  3 of these pancakes should be more than enough. They absorbed every bit of butter and syrup put on them. Which made them weigh about 500 lbs on my hubby's tummy. He could barely finish 1/2. the stack.  The bacon...again is a personal preference... a little to over cooked.

We both are and were full for $20.00

I'll be back.
Since moving to Northern Liberties I've opted for the brunch spots closer to home (Honey's, Green Eggs, Cafe Chismosa, etc.), but decided to check-in with Sabrina's this past weekend. We ventured West with the hope that the wait at Sabrina's on 34th would be shorter than our closer, but crowded spots. Regardless of which location you go to the food at Sabrina's is pretty consistent and delicious. This location is my least favorite, however. The wait  was about 30 minutes (not too surprising on a Sunday morning), but instead of being seated at a table we were told that the counter was available. Having waited for a while already we took the counter seats. Our waitress was super attentive and the food was good. I'm not a huge fan of the setting and how super crowded it gets. Even though my brunch was decent I questioned whether we should have just waited it out at Green Eggs instead.
This cute cafe in the Drexel student center serves fabulous brunch. Service was fast and attentive, despite being very busy at 9am on a weekend. I got the stuffed French toast and a side of pork sausage. I should note that this order was enough food for two (sane) people. It's a massive pile of French toast. It's also delicious - the cream cheese filling is amazing and balances the sweetness of the dish perfectly. I loved it... and didn't eat again for many hours. The sausage was also well cooked - crispy on the outside, juicy on the inside. Overall, a well-deserved icon of brunch food.
This place has it all: great service, pleasant atmosphere, fun and interesting architecture and design, excellent roasted coffee, and the BEST brunch food we've eaten in a long time. 

We ordered the challah French toast (not stuffed, kept it simple) and it was divine. Lightly dusted with powered sugar and cinnamon, this French toast was impeccably made. Perfect to split too!

We also split the weekend brunch special named after Maya Angelou. It was a steak and pepper omelette on top of savory cilantro-cornbread. What more could you ask for? Well it was topped with a caramelized onion and papaya mix which paired perfectly with a spicy chipotle cream sauce. This savory dish was a dream, absolutely divine. 

I'd come back for seconds, thirds, and fourths everyday if I lived in Philly. Sabrina, can you please open in DC? You'd kill it in the DC brunch scene: unpretentious, delicious plates and unbeatable prices.
