Everyone's breakfast could use a touch of magic like Sabrina's. Charming staff and an enchanted menu of Philly sorcery left me spellbound ... and about 5 lbs heavier.

Stuffed Challah French Toast ($11.29)
It's supernaturally overstuffed with Bananas, Cream Cheese, and Honey then topped with more Bananas and a Vanilla Bean Syrup. The stuffing was too overpowering for me so I'll probably just get regular Challah French Toast for $8.69 next time.

Mel's Chicken Cutlet Sandwich ($11.79)
It's advertised as a Philly favorite and bewitched fanatics with cornmeal-encrusted Chicken cloaked by Spinach, Marinated Long Hots (peppers), and Provolone Cheese on a Sarcones Roll. I might order it again.

Scrapple ($2.99)
Philadelphia has many different kinds of scrapple (aka Pannhaas). I wasn't a fan of this fried loaf of meal & meat scraps. It was filling and more weird than wizardly. 

It was a LOT of calories, but Sabrina's cast a spell on me (and my diet) for one magical Philadelphia breakfast.
I can't really think of anything to add to the  list of rave reviews for Sabrina's except for maybe the fact that they hands down have THEE best tofu scramble in the entire city...and I've eaten my fair share around this town. It's hearty and filled with sautéed spinach, peppers and meaty mushrooms. It's perfectly egg colored with some turmeric and is accompanied with the best Le Bus toasted multigrain and perfectly fried cubed fried potatoes. Pro tip: ask for a side of spicy marinara. Totally completes the taters!

If you live here you know Sabrina's is pretty solid and without a doubt one of the best brunch spots in the city. With that being said, you may be totally over the long lines you'll find here on a weekend. If you're not from the area I'm going to go ahead and say, it's worth the wait. Stuffed sweet challah French toast is a specialty and not to be missed. Go ahead and splurge. We usually do one savory, and one sweet dish to split. Get a side of their insane sweet potato fries for the table. They're  incredible and perhaps my favorite ever. 

Another go-to for this fam is the Greek salad for lunch dates which comes with perfectly toasted pita wedges and mounds of their delicious hummus. It's outrageous but vegans beware, it does contain diary even when ordered without the feta. 

This actually isn't my favorite location, I'm more of an original South Philly kind of gal, but the service is always good, the 70's vintage vibes are groovy, and this is where I actually tasted that scramble for the first time on a "morning after", walk of shame kind of date. Nostalgic. Oh, and this location is opened late. 

A must if you've never, and a good old classic if you have. Be prepare for leftovers. The portions are massive!
One of my favorite spots to eat brunch. I'm attempting to dethrone Dan A. as the check-in leader. Shhh! It's a secret. They have a special menu (located in the middle of their menu) that changes on a weekly basis according to whatever the theme is. Most of these options are slight variations of the same item and are always delicious. The place is quite friendly to vegans and vegetarians too!
Sabrina's was a solid 3 stars for us. My son and I visited on this snowy morning and found parking around the corner from the restaurant quickly. The dining area was pretty full but we were seated right away. Our waitress didn't introduce herself, but was efficient and friendly. A table runner brought water to our table without us having to ask. I ordered the challah french toast and my son ordered a short stack. He and I agreed that we'd had better.  The bacon was a little burnt and the scrambled eggs were overcooked.  With so many yelp and word of mouth rave reviews I left wondering if we visited the same restaurant as everyone else. 3/5 for Sabrina's. Maybe we didn't order the right things....
Heeeeey Sabrina. One of the best places to dine while in downtown Philly. My friends and I found this gem on Yelp when looking for places to eat without catching an uber. We ended up walking from our hotel for dinner. 

Sabrina's Cafe had so much to offer. As always, I love asking what the popular items are that so many people get. What I got was from the Signature Breakfast Items. I ended up getting the stuffed challah french toast. It was a blend of cream cheese, bananas, and honey. It was topped with vanilla bean syrup. Man, I just want to go back just for this. My boyfriend got the same thing .. and we shared home style fries. yes carbs. Great thing that Sabrina serves breakfast all day. 

The playlist that was bumping was really nice also! I had to ask what playlist they were using lol. At the time we went, we did not have to wait. .we were basically the only people in there lol. Our experience was great, therefore I know we will be back.
I met up with a friend outside for a brunch date and she has been recommending Sabrina's for forever, so we finally ordered it together! I am so, so glad we did because it truly does live up to its hype. Everytime I walk by here, there's always a huge line on the weekends. It's truly THE brunch place in the museum/Fairmount area. I ordered their chicken and waffles and my friend ordered their eggs benedict (it's not on the menu but you can just call and order or just ask for it). We also split their cannoli French toast.

I was truly in heaven- the waffles were soft and fluffy, the syrup was not too sweet, and the chicken was incredibly crispy and juicy. The herby butter they gave with it was fabulous and all together just a crave-worthy combo. The French toast was made made challah bread, which meant it didn't get too soggy at all and I preferred it to normal French toast I've had. The cream and cannoli crumbles and fruit toppings were delicious! 

My experience with Sabrina's was beyond amazing, we carried out and ate it on the lawns around the museum area but Sabrina's does have some very limited outdoor seating if you want. The takeout experience though was easy and great, and I'm already thinking about the next time I can carry out their brunch! The menu options are extensive and all look delicious- Sabrina's won't disappoint!
Finally getting down to my Sabrina's review. If you are in Philly, Sabrina's is a must try for your brunch fix. Several locations but I am partial to the Callowhill location due to its proximity to the art museum area. 

Sabrina's  can be a long wait based on when you go so during off hours and weekdays is the way to go if you can swing it. Street parking is also a little hairy so give yourself time to find parking and get a table. We brought a bottle of champs because Mimosas are life and you can BYOB. 

The food was delicious I enjoyed my huevos rancheros, which is one of their specialties, and my friend loved her light and fluffy french toast. 

Some things are worth the wait and I do believe that a Sabrina's brunch is one of those things!!
Expect a 30 minute + wait when you come on a weekend brunch - every time I bike by there's always a line. They also don't take online reservations, you have to put yourself in line in person. We finally came for brunch since we've heard great things about this place. It's BYOB - and they'll provide you with a nice tub of chilled water & ice. 

My SO was deciding between a couple French toasts and the waiter suggested the cannoli French toast. It was delicious but a bit overly sweet for my taste. The French toast was also HUGE - very carb-y dish. I think French toasts are always the best paired with fresh fruits (for the refreshing taste) and the cannolis didn't come with fruits but had jam on top instead. 

I order the special: pesto chicken bowl (served with quinoa, brown rice, arugula, and eggs + other veggies). It was disappointing as my dish had turned out to be majority arugula. Instead of a bowl, I felt like I ordered a salad. When I asked, the waiter told me they didn't put brown rice because they ran out (lol). He was kind enough to put in a different order for me. I switched for the huevos rancheros instead. We had waited for a long time for our first order to come out and by the time my replacement order came out I was already full from eating my SO's French toast. (I'm telling you, that French toast is big enough to feed 2 people!!) Huevos ranchero was good, but nothing special. 

Overall: expect long wait to get food & seated, larger portions, friendly staff, food was okay
I live in California and was visiting my friend who has a number of dietary restrictions. Sabrina's was recommended to her so we decided to check it out.

This was right after the Eagles victory parade (woo-hoo!) so we received a brunch menu that was special for the occasion. I loved the names of the dishes and decided on Fly Bene Fly, which consisted of poached eggs, spinach, and Hollandaise sauce on an English muffin. I got the veggie sausage with it. I chose wisely. Everything was done to perfection, and it was so hearty that I almost couldn't finish it. I'm glad I did, though, because it was delicious and because I wound up walking about eight miles that day checking out a lot of Philadelphia sites that I hadn't seen in years. I don't remember what my friend got, but she was very satisfied. I hear this place is really popular, so don't be surprised if you have to wait a while for a table.

Got a special diet? Dairy-free, gluten-free, vegetarian, vegan? Come to Sabrina's and they will hook you up. 

Almost forgot: our server was really cool, too. This was easily one of the best brunches I've had in years. I can't wait to return the next time that I visit your fair city.

Yo, Yelp spell check! I totally spelled Hollandaise correctly!
I used to go to the Sabrina's in University City a lot during my Drexel years, but a lunch date with my mom was what brought me to this location. We were both overall pleased with our meal and experience, although there were definitely some reasons why I couldn't find myself giving it a five star rating. 

We were both craving some kind of sandwich for lunch, so we decided to get two different ones and share. Although everything on the menu was pretty enticing, we ultimately decided on the Mel's Chicken Cutlet and the Tuscan Chicken, both from the sandwich menu. Since we had a choice of bread, we decided to get the first with multigrain and the second on a sarcone's roll. We also had a choice of regular, sweet potato, or Parmesan fries with both orders, so we got the last two. 

Our meals were served relatively quickly, and we were pretty floored with the presentation! Not only were the sandwiches HUGE, but they were very well presented! 

While both the sandwiches were good, we both agreed on some setbacks. The Mel's Chicken Cutlet which came on the multigrain bread was so tough and hard to chew. It appeared to be a little burnt on the edges, which tells me this thick bread was toasted a bit too much. The chicken was delicious, but since it was cornmeal encrusted, it added even more of a crunch factor. I usually like my sandwiches well toasted, but this was almost painful to bite into. The Tuscan Chicken was very tasty, but we were disappointed with the lack of sun-dried tomato pesto spread they used. The spread was fantastic, so it's a shame that they skimped out on it. 

Overall, this place is a win when it comes to staff, service, prices, and atmosphere. I would love to return for lunch again in hopes that the food will show a little improvement next time!
This is the first time I have ever experienced Sabrina's, and now I know why! Came here before my friends and I did a scavenger hunt in the city, so we needed to fuel up! I heard this place can have a lengthy wait, but our party arrived at 9:30, and we had no problem in scoring a booth.  The restaurant was almost full to capacity, with the crowd enjoying their brunch.  

Major heat wave was in effect, so I wanted to get something healthy but filling.  While perusing over the menu, I ordered some coffee to start. Thank goodness for large cups! The menu had some great items, but I really looked at the brunch specials for something unique.  First off, the names of their specials are very entertaining to read! Very creative! I decided on the Dr. Octagon "First come, first served" omelet which showcased goat cheese, broccoli, and tomato. Cool. It came with potatoes and your choice of white or wheat toast. 

Food came out pretty fast! It's best to come extremely hungry because the plate is completely covered by your meal. And the plate is super large! (Or at least I thought so!) My omelet was good, especially with hot sauce. It wasn't spectacular, but enough for me to leave stuffed and satisfied.

If I'm in this area again, I'd come back. I'm a huge brunch fan, so I'll keep this on my list!
Sabrina's certainly lives up to the hype with their huge portions and delicious/innovative menu. The long lines are just a part of the reality here but thankfully you can put yourself on the list through Yelp now. Definitely saves a lot of time and hassle.

I couldn't come here and not try the stuffed french toast of course, so I did. It was A LOT (as can be seen from my photo as well as other Yelpers' photos). I think I would have been happy with just half of that. They do offer a smaller portion of french toast in the "Basics" menu but I don't think it's stuffed with delicious cream cheese and all that. But anyways, it was great either way and put me into a deep sugar coma for a few hours. It's definitely worth trying but I do not recommend tackling that all on your own unless you're really that brave. Knowing what we know now, my boyfriend and I probably would have ordered just one dish to share.

Something kind of random that I liked was their adorable coffee mugs. In true hipster fashion, none of the mugs matched each other and they looked like they were each purchased individually from a yard sale or something. I don't know why but I love the little things like that.

Sabrina's is one of those restaurants that as a tourist you must try once and as a local I'm sure you've been to many times!
Staying at the Crowne Plaza for a few days I decided one morning to ask the doorman for a recommendation on a breakfast joint. He mentioned a few locations including Sabrina's, which he had high praises for...he pointed the way & didn't take me long to walk the distance in the crisp morning air.
Upon walking into Sabrina's it seemed like a madhouse! Every table was full & employees looking busy but efficient...and it was mid-week @ 9 a.m.! There's a very small waiting area by the entrance & that also was full of waiting patrons. I spotted a lone seat at the counter & ask if I may sit there. I was seated almost immediately! The staff behind the counter were quite hipster/bohemian, witty & quick! While waiting for my dish to arrive I watched the interaction between the patrons & servers! This is quite the fun bunch. Loved the atmosphere & absolutely enjoyed my dish. I had the Huevos Rancheros on black corn tortilla & the home-style potatoes! This breakfast was overflowing with deliciousness with enough on the plate to have been shared with another person. The eggs were fried perfection & topped with a zesty sausage sauce. The pepper guac is to die for! I highly recommend this dish for anyone that desires that flavor bursting experience. 
I had a satisfying Cheshire Cat grin all the way back to the hotel. 
Thank you Sabrina's Café, for an excellent time & a superb breakfast! I'll definitely be back when visiting the Philly area! 

Another deez® public service announcement because you deserve it!
Eat, be merry & drink responsibly.
Now this is what brunch dreams are made of! My sister lives in Philly and recommended we meet here. We were driving in from the suburbs so I checked to see if they take reservations - they don't as expected for a diner-vibe place BUT they do have No Wait. The wait was about 30 min so I popped our name on the list when we got close to avoid having to wait for too long. 

Once we were seated, we ordered coffee - fresh La Colombe. The menu was extensive! Everything looked good, but I went with a special - it was fried eggs over mashed potato fried balls and a pesto with sausage. Seriously good and filling! My sister had the tofu scramble - the portion is huge, she took most of it in a to-go box. She also had a side of the black bean grits, which seemed weird in theory, but are so flavorful and comforting in reality. Definitely worth ordering! My boyfriend went for a breakfast sandwich with gluten free bread. He doesn't often get to enjoy them so this was a treat! The yolk was runny and it was a bit of a mess, but in the best way. He devoured it! He exclaimed best breakfast sandwich he's had ever. 

The space is packed and bustling for a great morning bite. Lots of booths and tables and friendly servers. Go! And make sure to use No Wait to avoid the line.
We enjoyed our breakfast at Sabrina's Cafe and Spencer's Too in Logan Square, Center City. This local restaurant chain was recommended to us by three separate friends as one of Philadelphia's best spots for breakfast and brunch (they serve lunch and dinner too). The food was good and service was great. While I don't think this place is *significantly* better than other popular and highly-regarded brunch restaurants I've tried, it's still definitely worth checking out if you want American breakfast/brunch comfort food. The food is delicious, though heavy, and the portions are huge and filling.

There are five Sabrina's locations in the Delaware Valley including three in Philly proper. This location is the second and it opened in 2007 (the first opened in 2001). Sabrina's is named after the owners' daughter. This particular location has "and Spencer's Too" in the name because of the owners' son, who was born later. We chose to dine at this location because it was close to our hotel, the Philadelphia 201, which is only a couple blocks away; a short walk. If you're staying at this hotel or anywhere nearby, I do recommend Sabrina's for breakfast/brunch.

I heard this place gets packed with waits the norm. We showed up bright and early on a Monday morning just before opening (8am). A small crowd had already built up on the sidewalk in front of the entrance. When the doors opened, all of us were seated immediately. This place has plenty of space. It has a diner feel to it. You can sit at the counter with its cushioned and pattern-upholstered chairs or at one of the numerous small tables or booths. The atmosphere is casual and homey. There's a tiled coffee bar and lampshades with floral designs.

During our visit, the large blackboard menu on the dining room's center wall featured chalk drawings of Sonic and Knuckles (random). Specials included chicken and waffles ($14.95) and dinner entrees like seafood scampi ($15.95) and goat cheese penne pasta ($14.95). We also received a seasonal drink menu and monthly food specials.

Sabrina's signature breakfast items are the huevos rancheros ($11.79), stuffed challah French toast ($11.99), and "The Tots" ($12.59). Other breakfast/brunch foods include eggs, frittatas, omelettes, pancakes, bagels and lox, housemade granola, avocado toast, and a quinoa bowl. Most of these other items cost about the same or less than the signature items. Most non-breakfast/brunch food includes soups and salads and burgers and sandwiches. Expect to spend about $11-13 each for those items. They have a kids menu too. Beverage-wise, they offer coffee and espresso-based drinks, teas, fresh juices, and Jones brand "craft" soda.

We ordered two signature items and a couple seasonal drinks:

* Stuffed Challah French Toast ($11.99) with farmer's cream cheese topped with bananas and vanilla bean syrup
* The Tots ($12.59) - fried panko-encrusted tater tots topped with grilled hot sausage hash; caramelized onions, bell peppers, and fennel seed; topped with basil chimichurri, sour cream, and over-easy eggs
* Cookie Butter Iced Mocha ($4.79) - cookie butter, dark chocolate, espresso, and milk
* Iced Strawberry Mocha ($4.79) - strawberry, dark chocolate, espresso, and milk

The food was great. I preferred the Stuffed Challah French Toast over The Tots, but I could change my mind given the day. The French toast was outstanding. The best thing about it to me was the filling: farmer's cream cheese. I'm a cream cheese fan in general, but this particular cream cheese was lighter and less dense than your typical American cream cheese. Its silky smooth texture trended towards whipped cream. Overall, wonderful flavor when combined with the vanilla bean syrup (I love vanilla). Ripe slices of banana and a bit of cinnamon and powdered sugar were thrown on top. The consistency of the French toast itself was soft, springy, and appetizing. I recommend this dish.

The Tots was heavy, but satisfying. It's a lot of food packed into a medium-sized bowl. The panko-encrusted tater tots were bigger than average tots. They were like tots on steroids. The ingredients, particularly the hot sausage hash and the over-easy eggs, came out temperature hot from the kitchen. I had to wait for the bowl to cool down a bit. This one was a savory, greasy smorgasbord of textures and flavors. I had the tots with ketchup and ate the rest of the dish with various hot sauces at the table (Cholula, Frank's RedHot, Sriracha). If you have a ravenous appetite, The Tots is for you; it's packed with lots of carbs and protein.

The iced mochas were good. They were expectedly sweet; almost too sweet for me (and I have a sweet tooth). I liked the Cookie Butter Iced Mocha better than the Strawberry. Both drinks were rich, flavorful, and refreshing. The dark chocolate flavor was strong. If you order these, you might ask if you can adjust the sweetness.

Patricia was our server and she was attentive and sweet. The hostess was nice too.

I'd come back.
Sabrina's - you have redeemed yourself.  (or maybe I've just figured out when to come and what to order??)

I dined solo (and was greeted and served promptly and properly) tonight and enjoyed a 1/2 sandwich, soup and salad ($1.00 extra for salad instead of fries).  The plate also had a home-made slaw of cabbage, carrot and sweetened, dried cranberries.  A nice plate!

Also enjoyed my (you betcha!) Arnold Palmer.

Iskra was a doll and I am now much more optimistic about Sabrina's.
When they get it right, they really get it right (and when they screw up - the screw up bigtime.)

Here's my take - DO NOT GO at brunch/breakfast time.

Come here for dinner.
And try the stuffed (dessert posing as breakfast) french toast.
I would say 3 stars for this potentially overrated eatery. I base my star rating on actual food quality and ambiance, and not on how many hipsters eat there every weekend which seems to be what a lot of people base their ratings on. Anyway, lets start with the food. presentation was great as were their quantities. Had the stuffed challah french toast and my girlfriend had the frittata with some potatoes and toast. The french toast seemed to be the favorite dish there as we sat at the food bar right by the kitchen and about every 3rd plate was the french toast. Food was served up quick and service was great. 

I would like to say that both locations had an hour wait. While this food was in fact pretty good, it certainly wasn't worth an hour wait. I would venture to say that this food is very high end diner food. As good as people say this food is, it certainly inst anywhere to being close to the league that Cochon is in. If you ate at these 2 places and gave them both 5 stars, then I wouldn't even take your review on a bowl of Fruit Loops seriously.

In closing; Good food - yes. Good service - yes
Worth waiting an hour for - I dont think so.
Looking for a yummy spot that was open Memorial Day Monday, we happily stumbled onto Sabrina's 

Advised of a 30-45 min wait, we instead grabbed counter seats - I'm all about the immediate satisfaction! 

Best word to sum up their portions? HUMONGOUS! 

Stuffed French Toast Apocalypse was *ginormous* - 2 obscenely thick slices of bread with a sweet cream cheese schmeer in the middle. The cream cheese had grapes, currants & blueberries in it. Was also supposed to have granola but I didn't see or taste any 

Smothered in a Peach-Honey Syrup & we're talking a mountain of sweet, yummy, deliciousness that I ate on for days 

While the bread was soft & fresh, this was more of a battered sandwich rather than a frenchie.....the eggy mix was just covering the bread & it would have been impossible to do anything otherwise, given the thickness of the slices.....but this is always a challenge w/ stuffed french toasts. To me, they almost always end up being a sweet version of a Croque Monsieur rather than a French Toast 

I'd totally come back to see how custardy their regular French Toast is!! 

Pancakes were deemed okay - standard-looking stack - nothing special baked in it ( as requested ).  Seemed light & fluffy & soaked up the REAL syrup nicely. I didn't try these so can't really comment further.... except to say friend said they were good but wasn't completely wowed 

Coffee was disappointing - tasted burnt & didn't even finish the 1st cup I got 

Staff was running their butts off but w/ their cool demeanors, it seemed like a regular old day for them - this place must be slam-packed all the time 

And I can see why!
I came across this gem for Sunday brunch with a friend that was visiting from out of town. We were looking for a brunch spot that felt as homie as the places we are used to in north jersey. 
We previously went to three different places, sat down and my friend just didn't like the vibe or as she put it felt like a second class citizen because of the way the host or waitress was speaking to us. I then remembered that a friend of mine had posted a picture of their meal on social media & it looked amazing.  We headed to the art museum location as it was the closest to my apartment. 
We get there and the line was out the door I felt like  this was the right place and thought there was no way all these people were waiting as long as they were to have brunch here if this place wasn't incredible. Walked in to the front, were greeted by a big smile and the woman said the wait for a table would be 45 min to an hour but there were two seats at the counter so we decided to sit there. 

Sabrina's staff were all fabulous but as soon as we sat down we were greeted by Delfino behind the counter who as busy as he was still gave us his undivided attention. When we got the menu and read Sabrina's (and Spencer's too) story my friend and I felt like this was the right place. Not only are the owners from jersey but they mention they had this idea of a restaurant in Philly that felt homie, friendly and unpretentious- we definitely felt that! The food is incredible, staff is extraordinary and ambience/atmosphere felt like we were home. This will definitely be my go to place moving forward and Im so happy I found this gem!

PS- my friend ordered the huevos rancheros with turkey sausage , I ate two eggs over easy with veggie sausage & we shared this delicious French toast. Everything was mouthwatering & I cant wait to go back!
I went to Sabrina's today to meet two friends of mine, Joe & Tre and it seemed like half of Philadelphia were there on Martin Luther The Kings Day. It was so packed that it took about 45 minutes for us to be seated. Sabrina's has a great reputation for great food nicely done with large portions 
Joe had the Challah French Toast which was humongous and according to Joe, delicious. Tre had "The Ultimate Cesar Salad" which was big and fresh (like me) and he enjoyed it very much. Tre kept saying while he was eating the big Salad that he couldn't finnish it and would take the rest home and enjoy it with a glass of wine later. But the salad never made it to the takeout container. 
I had two Buttermilk Pancakes with fresh Strawberries and Bacon. It was so average and I only have myself to blame. Why in the world did I pick that over all those delicious meals being paraded past me to more smarter diners? The Burgers, The Salads, The Mexican dishes, all looked so enticing and here I was trying to act like i was enjoying these two dry ass, rubbery pancakes and a few paper thin slices of anemic bacon. But then again-it was my own damn fault!
CALL AHEAD!! Ignore those reviewers moaning and whining about the wait.  You can eeeeeeeasily avoid it by calling with your party number as you travel there.  

Don't wait. call ahead.  

Sabrina's is the BEST.
This was one of the must try places in Philadelphia for breakfast. I would be lying if I said I wasn't disappointed. I really wanted to like this place, but it fell a little short. First, the wait was long, but we knew that going in. They said it was 45 minutes and that's about as long as we waited. They only have a 5 minute grace period, so if you want to walk around make sure you don't go too far, because if the wait is less and you are more than 5 minutes away, you will lose your table. Our hostess and waiter were great. They were attentive and in a positive mood. They helped us pick out our entrees and offered recommendations.
I was in the mood for fancy coffee. I ended up getting the pumpkin spiced latte which was overfilled and super sweet. There was definitely 20% coffee and 80% cream and sugar. It was super tasty though! You would think the coffee would be enough to curb my sweet tooth, but I really wanted some french toast too. I ordered the cannoli french toast. It was huge! It was packed with cannoli filling and wild berry sauce. The flavor was ok. Way, way too sweet. The cannoli cream was dense. I think more wild berry sauce would have added a tartness cutting the richness.  I was glad I ordered the sausage with it because it added a salty balance to the sweetness. It could easily be split between two or three people. My husband ordered the huevos rancheros. It was recommended by the waiter. He wasn't super impressed with it. It was also huge, but not as flavorful as the description would suggest.
Overall, while they give you huge portions, the flavors fall flat. The coffee was delicious, and the service was great, but the food should be the star and it was just a little disappointing.
How have I not reviewed this place yet?

Sabrina's is a place that I shamelessly show off to my out-of-town friends to rub it in their faces how much cooler brunch, and pretty much every other meal, is in Philly.

Everything here is tasty. Really tasty. And huge. Bigger than my ego, and that's no trivial feat. I digress.

I've had the stuffed french toast, their short stack with fruit compote, a burger, a chicken sandwich, and their vegetarian Mediterranean wrap - which is actually incredibly hearty (though a -bit- salty... but what can you expect when you put garlic hummus, falafel, feta and kalamata olives all in one thing). I loved all of it. Oh, and their home fries and sweet potato fries, the latter dusted with powdered sugar, are also the bomb.

I remember seeing somewhere that this place is also supposedly a BYO, but I've never seen that verified. A man can dream. And eat disgustingly large amounts of french toast stuffed with whipped cream cheese. But yeah.

I love you, Sabrina's Cafe and Spencer's Too. In a totally non-creepy way.

Pro-tip:
They don't have booze. That's the only thing missing, really. Also, Sunday brunch is ALWAYS super busy. So, try a Saturday morning. They're open, and the menu is the same.
i am one of those gals who can eat breakfast all day long. it is my favorite meal. so, i was so pleased to stop in sabrina's for breakfast/brunch. the decor is bright orange inside and it has nice, cute ambiance to it. it is always pretty busy, but for a good reason. this cafe serves up huge portions of delicious food!

i ordered sunny side eggs which came with 4 pieces of toast (the bread is from le bus), just right spiced potatoes, and a side of sizzling bacon. all of it, finger lickin good y'all, the orange juice is fresh and tasty and my coffee helped all this food go down to my tumsy.

the whole wheat pancakes were also good, especially with fresh bananas. mmm. syrup. mmm. 

eating at this place is like having a party in your mouth and no one else is invited. i was sad to leave a clean plate because it meant my eating adventure was over. but i left thinking about my next adventure! onward! fork in hand!
We have always wanted to try out the famous Sabrina's Cafe, and were privileged to spend some time with friends at this famous spot in Fairmount.

Let me start by saying this place was packed!  People waiting outside, on the staircase and on the sidewalk waiting patiently for the waiter to call their names.  The smell was incredible, smokey breakfast goodness.  We were seated in 15 mins and ordered some liquid energy (coffee) to start.

I got the Huevos Rancheros - a heavy dish, but delicious, with an over easy egg placed on top of a sautéed concoction of chorizo sausage and beans, all placed on a crispy blue chip tortilla.  It was great, just the right amount of spicy for a brunch dish.   

I will be back, and probably try the other locations as well!
I lived in Fairmount for 5 years, and I personally prefer this Northern Sabrina's to the one in the Italian Market. The food here is simply great. I always look at the specials in the middle of the menu, there's almost always something new that I want to try. Pancakes are some kind of monster dessert here. Omlettes are great, as is my personal favorite - the Barking Chiuaua Breakfast Burritto. The servers are usually running around helter skelter, but they always stop to check in, and refill my coffee. It's a great, great place.

The only things keeping me from giving Sabrina's 5 stars are the wait - you can call in and cut it short, but I've seen people waiting 45 minutes before...it's good but not worth sitting outside in the cold that long! And the music...when I started coming in here it was always great 50's and Motown stuff providing the soundtrack to brunch. Now? soft 70's rock...brutal! Fix it guys!
Hopes were high but as the time ticked closer to 2 hours waiting to be seated seems like tensions were the only things that were a high for our time at this Sabrina's location.

After a night out, my friends and I decided to head for brunch on a Sunday. We were so excited, because usually Sabrina's is a solid brunch spot throughout all locations in Philly and SJ. We knew that going at 10am on a Sunday would lead to a longer wait than usual, but where things got aggravating for my party -- which had been waiting for 1.5 hours -- was seeing several parties being seated ahead of us as we were No. 1 on the waitlist for 30 minutes after asking the hostesses several times what the status of our table was. Eventually at around 1hr 45mins of waiting and impatient me becoming more confrontational, we were seated indoors.

Once we were inside and served our food, which keep in mind it's around 12 noon by now, it turns out it was delicious and the service was nice, but after having waited for so long, neither the food nor the service could salvage my review for this Sabrina's location. Sorry.

Several times throughout our wait, I felt that the hostesses were ignoring our group while our presence was clearly in front of their face. On top of that we witnessed groups one-after-the-other be seated ahead of us. It was increasingly frustrating and for that reason I've given the rating that I have.

tldr I'd recommend coming here on non-Sundays and maybe you'll be seen, heard, and seated in less than 2 hours : )

Happy eating and be safe, yall!
Wait time can be incredibly long but that is the ONLY downside to Sabrina's. Cozy atmosphere and always playing an awesome selection of music. The menu is massive and everything we have tried is top notch! Plus it's BYOB!
What a fantastic way to celebrate a weekend back in philly. 

I'm surprised I'm the first to review, and a little embarrassed as I'm not a regular Philly Yelper, but oh. my. god.

I had a special: the Back to Basics Fall Breakfast, which might be better named "Pile of Awesomeness." A sweet potato and chive biscuit, topped with an omelette filled with sharp cheddar, caramelized pears, and spinach, topped with turkey sausage and bechamel sauce. 

I say again. Oh. My. God.

Though it would have been better had they been a little more generous with the cheese, it was like the gastronomic embodiment of jumping into a pile of leaves and spending an afternoon frolicking. 

Price was relatively reasonable, considering the vast quantity of food. Surprisingly, we didn't have to wait at all for counter seating (though there was a 30 min wait for tables - I would get there early).
After hearing this place ballyhooed to death, I have finally eaten here. Twice.

I was unimpressed both times.  There!  I said it!  Overrated. Overpriced.  Totally disappointing.

The first time I ate here, I had fish tacos.  I sent them back and got some pancakes or something.  Fine.  But I figured why not give this place another chance since everyone goes on and on about it.

I just ate here today with my friend who is a gluten-free vegan.  She picked the restaurant for the record. We each ordered a glass of fresh-squeezed OJ which was delicious.  My friend decided we needed a pitcher of OJ, seeing as we were both drinking it.  Awesome!  The "pitcher" was in all actuality a 1/4 carafe!  It was two glasses with about 1/2 cup of juice left.  That was twelve dollars.  Each glass was 3.99.  Um, can you say TOTAL RIP OFF?

My friend ordered the scrambled tofu, gluten free.  The server came back and informed her that all the tofu had been prepared and that they could not make it without gluten.  Really?  What the hell kind of chefs do you have back there that cannot take a little tofu, add a little seasoning and, I don't know, scramble it?!  So she asked for fruit and home fries because that was all she could get.  She asked for it to be place on one plate, so it looked like a meal, I guess.  They brought it out in two bowls.  Again, this should not have been a difficult request but, for some reason, was.

I ordered a bacon, spinach, and bleu cheese fritata.  It was adequate.  It wasn't great. It wasn't bad.  It was adequate once I salted an peppered it.  OK. 

The only reason this is getting the second star is because the server took the price of the juice off because they could not fulfill my friend's meal request.

Decent service.  Moronic chef.  Overpriced.  Dull.

Next time, will go to Cafe Lift which is not that far away.
Sabrina's is worth the wait. And you will wait, unless for some unknown reason you are able to snag a 2-top as soon as you walk in as a friend and I did on President's Day around noon (whaaat?!? we were both shocked). It is usually not too bad if you are waiting for a countertop seat. Most other times for a table, I have waited at minimum 30 minutes. 

But that is soon forgotten when you sip their coffee (thanks for the free refills), chuckle at the names of their rotating specials (this week's had to do with 30 Rock characters), and ignore your meal partner(s) as you are too busy shoveling their delicious meals into your deprived body. 

The huevos rancheros are my favorite. I have gotten a couple of other meals before, but my heart (and belly) always leads me back home to huevos. However, for those of you less attached, there are plenty of options for you.

Oh, and they are a BYO. Just dont be like the jerk guys who brought a case of beer to serve their 6-top and lounge around. Let's be considerate of the wait time and share Sabrina's yummy love.
FINALLY made my way over to callowhill to sample this legend. Ain't NOBODY got time to wait so I used yelp's app to add myself to the list about an hour before patronization. Due to poor time planning and poor winter street hygiene, I almost broke my fucking neck slipping and sliding while rushing here to grab my table the day after our first legit snowstorm of the year. All's well that end's well.

I did make it in the nick of time. We were seated expediently once all members of my party arrived with wine and champagne in tow(aka me, no I'm kidding I was meeting other people...really tho..) in a booth in the far corner. 

One of the best things about this place is not only the ridiculous variety of the menu but the ability to make many items vegetarian. So many fucking things jumped right off of the page, stuffed challah french toast with cream cheese, bananas, and honey topped with bananas  and vanilla bean syrup OR the ultimate mexi scramble with scrambled eggs, pepper jack, bell peppers, tomatoes, BLACK BEAN GRITS, cilantro PESTO, corn chips and avocado as two examples. Ultimately I had to decide and my decision was the classic: HUEVOS RANCHEROS, vegetarian variety. 

So this place is BYOB. We brought some champs and ordered a large jug of OJ. We also brought something else but I don't remember what it was considering we had finished powering through the champagne. 

Food came in a reasonable amount of time. I'm the breed of idiot that continues to make the same mistake over and over again, one of these mistakes I continuously make is forgetting to order hot suace with my meal. I struggled to flag down a staff-member as they feverishly ran by our table attending to some other shit of another table. Finally I caught someone's attention and managed to obtain a cholula for the table. This place doesn't only have bullshit tabasco, cholula and sriracha are other available options if you enjoy a side of burn-your-fucking-mouth-off as much as I.

The huevos rancheros were really a work of art, a thing of beauty. I got an above-average number of instagram likes for my photo of this bad boy. Let me walk you through this masterpiece from top to bottom: 
-hot pepper cooked somehow
-tomato salsa with white cheese shreds
-guac
-scrambled eggs (I'm not particularly keen on the standard over-easy on HR)
-scramble of black beans and vegetarian sausage (they may be part of the scrambled eggs but I cannot tell for certain)
-tomato sauce
-hard tortilla shell
-home-fried potatoes

Please refer to the photo for more information. All in all this was absolutely spectacular. One of the best brunches I've had in Philly so far. I ate the entire thing. I'm salivating at the thought of it right now. 

One of my eating companions also ordered whole-wheat cinnamon pancakes which I was happy to offer to help consume. They were a touch dry but flavored wonderfully. Syrup improved the dryness. 

Needless to say I was absolutely jam-packed with food in my GI tract at the end of this meal. Even the slightest of movement was torture. It probably saved me some cheddar at whole foods becacuse I could barely look at anything on the shelves. 

All in all this place is a fucking gem and a must visit.
Smashing. Just as good as the 1st but you'll get seated faster. Soooo good. Try the Juevos or the Stuffed French toast. Bring your lover here. Then when she really falls in love with you and wants you to meet her parents, bring them here.
Everyone knows that Sabrina's is one of the top spots for brunch in Philly. But did you know that it hits the spot for takeout? They have delicious options for lunch or dinner as well - at affordable rates. So after a run by the Schuylkill, the GF and I stopped by Sabrina's to grab some grub.

Mel's Chicken Cutlet ($9.99)
Cornmeal encrusted chicken, spinach, marinated long hots, melted provolone

Marketed as a Philly favorite, it's easy to see why. The bread used is fresh, crusty, and seeded. But the star is clearly that cornmeal encrusted chicken. The cornmeal adds texture that isn't greasy, yet perfectly encapsulates the juicy, moist chicken. The marinated long hots adds a bit of heat that grips your tongue and lips, but is tempered by the funk of the provolone and the well-seasoned spinach. The sandwiches are accompanied by fries (regular, sweet potato, or parmesan) and cole slaw. I opted for the sweet potato fries, topped with some powdered sugar. These aren't crisp but are heavenly nonetheless. A vinegar-based slaw was also provided - fresh cucumbers, cabbage, and carrots are tossed with some pepper and is perfectly suited to cut the heaviness of the sandwich.

Grilled Vegetable Sandwich ($9.69)
Marinated portabellas, tomatoes, onions, roasted peppers, spinach, eggplant, mozzarella, basil pesto 

The GF had the surprisingly filling grilled vegetable sandwich. I consider myself a self-admitted carnivore (that's right - I'm even skipping over the omnivorous classification), but this was pretty great. There was a perfectly medley of mini portabellas, tomatoes, roasted peppers, spinach, meaty eggplant, and onions - all melded with mozzarella and some basil pesto to brighten it up. The tang of balsamic helped to bring the sandwich to a whole other level. The regular fries had a similar texture to that of the sweet potato fries. 

So if this hasn't convinced you to check out Sabrina's for something other than brunch, I don't know what will. If you're close, there's no reason  not to stop by to pick up something good. And even if you're far, DiningIn has got you covered!
Sabrina's cafe has a few locations and each one has its own charm, this one in particular... Well I don't know if it's charm exactly, but, it's uhhhh.. It has an old western dinery feel if that makes any sense at all to you fine readers. 

We sat down and started our journey through the menu, and for us we made a fast decision but in true Doug and Jackie form, we debated out choices for the next 16 years...   Anyway we finalized our orders and waited impatiently as we guzzled down our Juices.

Overall the place is great, good food, okay service, I'd go back!
I'd like to check out the other locations too, I'll post some pix of the food - we really enjoyed it and it was reasonably priced for the portions... Otherwise I can't really think of anything creative to say, great breakfast spot for sure and the home fries were super crispy without any gritty burnt pieces.
LIVIN' LARGE @ SABRINA'S CAFE:  In the location of the old George's restaurant, which explains the '70's decor; full of small booths for 4, tables for 2, and a sit down diner bar. At first look, you'll think the place is too crowded to be at all comfortable, but once you're in and seated, you'll feel comfortable even as the wait staff move about quickly and confidently without bumping into anyone and the customers come and go with ease.

The place may be small, but the portions are HUGE! Big plates, big salads, big sandwiches, gigantic fries. If you're a person who enjoys super-sizing, without the extra cost, here's your place. 

And not only super-sized, but super-fresh! My 2 lunch mates both ordered the Greek Salad -- one with chicken, one without. The salads came with 8 pita wedges as big as the palm of my hand, a generous dollop of humus, and all the usual salad components: 2 or 3 kinds of salad greens, cherry tomatoes, green pepper slices, feta cheese...onions(?) All this was crisp and fresh; the pita was soft, airy, and slightly buttery.

I ordered the Vegetarian Philly Cheese Steak with the Polenta Cheddar Jalapeno Fries. It's always a gamble when ordering a veggie steak, since I'm not a vegetarian and the taste is always lacking compared to a thick and meaty traditional steak sandwich, but I was curious to see how Sabrina's did it. The steak chunks were browned seitan. The flavor and texture were so right, somehow, that it just didn't matter. In short: it wasn't meat, but the satisfaction was the same! 

The polenta fries looked like mini loaves of cornbread, they were that large. They looked as though they'd been deep fried, but tasted like they'd been baked. The flavor and the airy disintegration once in your mouth was heavenly. The cheddar, the jalapeno, and corn (polenta) tastes were blended so artfully that no single flavor dominated, but all were distinguished and equally evident.

The wait staff's timing was perfect. They appeared out of nowhere at just the right moments; our waiter was attentive enough and sincere enough to answer our questions about his hebrew-letters tattoo, even though the restaurant was obviously in the very busy lunch mode.

For the three large plates (as big as my head!) and three non-alcoholic drinks, the bill came to $40.70, including tax. My veggie cheesesteak and polenta fries came to around $12.50.

For satisfaction, service, and size, you'll be livin' large at Sabrina's...without the need for any large bills!  :o)
Sabrina's fills a void that was missing in the Fairmount area. It is a great breakfast spot that everyone I have taken there has LOVED. 

So far I have had the stuffed french toast, which is the most decadent thing on a plate I have ever experienced. It was like an entire brick of cream cheese with banana in the middle, anyone who can finish this dish is a true hero.
The pumpkin pancakes are very good as well, plus pumpkin is very healthy, even if pancakes are not. 
The eggs florentine is just lovely, the hollandaise is perfectly seasoned. 
I really love the huevos rancheros, it is great hangover food. Just enough grease, but not too much.
I also had a breakfast special which was a scramble with grape tomatoes, asparagus, and cheddar on top of a ham and chive scone with arugula hollandaise. It was amazing, with so many things I love on one plate, I thought the universe might implode.

They also get points for having hot sauce on the table, which makes the potatoes even better. Good coffee, too. The service is usually hectic on the weekend, but our servers are usually attentive and we've never been pressured to leave before we're ready.
A couple of friends raved about this place so I had gone in with a lot of expectations, which might explain why I feel like the whole thing was kind of average.

1. Nine people walked in at around 9 pm; there was plenty of room, but all kind of interspersed through out the place so the staff decided to combine three tables into a weird L-shaped design which seemed like it would be an awkward dining experience but it worked well for the most part.

2. The aforementioned staff are very friendly, going so far as to joke with individual friends in the group about various things that I wasn't paying attention to because I was so hungry. Also, BYO. Just thought of that.

3. I was kind of confused as to why there were two menus that were handed to us. It was explained to me but now I can't remember. Brunch was not an option when I was there, but it looks absolutely amazing based on the pictures that others have put up so I will definitely be going back to try something else at a brunch-friendly hour.

4. The food: I got some Mediterranean chicken sandwich doohickey. It was good. I was recommended the sweet potato fries. Not a fan. The first few bites were good but after a while, my brain/mouth was confused because they look like fries but taste like dessert, and it was just not a pleasant experience; I actually started getting sick of them and left a large portion uneaten. I thought that I should have gone with the parmesan fries and pilfered some from a friend's plate. Surprisingly they were even less impressive. I tried a friend's sweet potato mashed potatoes (that's kind of redundant) and what little I tried I enjoyed but I'm assuming the same problem with the sweet potato fries would happen if I had gotten that. Everyone's food looked amazing and I have a fair idea of some other things to try the next time I'm there. As of now though, I'm only moderately impressed with what I had. 

5. Also, maybe it's just me but why do some people just assume that when a large group of people is present and it's time to pay that the best thing to do is just combine the bill? That's just laziness. The bill comes to something like a $120+, and you thought that only one of us is going to pick up the tab for your convenience? And it's really frustrating thereafter to deal with the mess of calculating how much everyone's meal is and then hand the waitress 8 credit cards and some cash. Just split the damn bill. It's not that hard to do and it saves so much time and frustration. Not to mention, I'm less likely to stiff you on a proper tip if I'm not annoyed. Otherwise, you're going to get whatever was calculated by my friends (because I am not the math whiz in the group).
On the weekends for brunch, Sabrina's Callowhill is poppin'... Like annoyingly so.  The wait is ALWAYS obscene and quite frankly, it's not worth it.  If you know you're going to commit to eating here, call ahead! It helps... You will still wait- but a little bit less.  Everytime I've come here, I felt like I was just eating a much bigger version of something I could make a little bit better at home (if I wanted to put in the time). I have never had a "holy crap this is GREAT!" moment here.  You will get value for your dollar in quantity of food, but there are other yummier brunch options in the city where you won't have to wait that long for "A-OK" 
Side note- I do like their orange juice, and I don't really care for orange juice...
This Sabrinas seems to be staffed by a bunch of space cadets... or maybe they just don't care about their service since they've already established a name for themselves. The most recent time I was there, my check was given to me 5 minutes after I had ordered food and the waitress came over to see if I "needed change" with my bill three times... the final time my friend let her know that when we were ready to pay, we would let her know. This was on a Friday morning when there were plenty of empty seats. 

The food has gotten meh as well. I have to admit the stuffed french toast is good, but their savory dishes don't so well. Eggs and fritattas are often overcooked. Many of their southwestern style breakfast dishes seem like they are just trying to throw together ingredients. 

I'd choose Honey's Sit N eat over this any day! (If I had a car.... and could drive to nolib...)
HANDS DOWN. BEST BREAKFAST. Believe the hype. This place is doing breakfast right. On a Thursday afternoon this place is packed. We grabbed the last available table. Right away we were given water and menus. The waitress came over just a few minutes later and took our order. Not long after we were served with breakfast. Amazingly large, heaping plates of delicious, delicious breakfast. I decided on one of the "July 4th Specials" entitled: "Betsy Ross Red, White and Blue Special Egg White Omlette" consisting of... egg whites, asparagus, roasted tri-bell peppers, provolone and stuffed with a tomato-basil onion bruchetta. Best decision ever! Amazing!! My friend ordered the steak and eggs medium-well and his meal came out perfectly cooked as well. Service was fantastic. We were checked on just enough, and our waters always full. The waitress was friendly. I just can't express enough just how great our experience here was from start to finish.  A++ Sabrinas. Well done.
One of my top spots for quality American food. Staff is always super even when they have a full house. I had a cousin come into town and asked me to take him back here.
This is for sure one of my favorite places in Philadelphia for breakfast. I live on the other side of town but I will take the 30 minute drive for this food. 

Everything is so good here including the potatoes, pancakes and french toast. You have to try the pancakes at least once while there! It's also BYOB! 

One tip is to expect a long wait time on weekends. It is small in there and the wait can range from 15-45 minutes.

I also wouldn't come here with large parties. It's not really fit for parties more than six.
On one Saturday about a month ago, a group of about 6 of us decided to go to Sabrina's after a trip to the Art museum. It was definitely the best idea we've had in a while.

We went pretty late, around 4:30PM. I ordered the stuffed French Toast and my friends ordered a mix of their savory sandwiches and other brunch items, such as pancakes. Their fries were incredible and their sandwiches were huge.
Everyone loved their food - full of flavor, huge plates for under $10 each. 
However, I think my French toast was the winner: it was as large as my head and incredibly tasty. Very crisp crust, the filling was light and just melted in your mouth. When I took my leftovers home, my bf and I shared the rest of it the next day for breakfast - it was just as delicious reheated on a frying pan and there was enough of it for both of us. 

The only downside was, the waitress did get our orders wrong and they ran out of cups for large lattes. Otherwise, delicious food, no wait at this random time, great atmosphere, and very well worth the price.
Excellent food and pretty good service for a brunch. I went here with a friend and was pleased with how it all went. For one, they kept their word with how long the wait would be. They told us when we got there it would be 30-40 minutes when we arrived at 9:50, and were seated at 10:30, 40 minutes to a T.

The menu has a lot of cool and decadent specialties. I struggled between the Huevos Rancheros and the Stuffed French Toast. My friend was more easily swayed by the Mexi-Scramble. As our server noted my indecisiveness, she gave us a compromise by giving us half of an order of the Stuffed French Toast, which allowed me to order the Huevos Rancheros without feeling shortchanged.

When the Stuffed French Toast arrived it was displayed so well that when we could not wait to start eating this. While it was absolutely delicious, I am happy I did not get this as my main dish. It works well for what they gave us.

Shortly afterwards, what we actually ordered came next. The Mexi-Scramble looked good, and my Huevos Rancheros were fantastic. Excellent portion and flavor at an excellent price. I had to try my friend's black bean grits which were absolutely fantastic, as well as innovative.

This was a cool spot to get some great tasting brunch food. My tip? Get there early! Crowds fill up so fast that you will likely be waiting 2 hours plus if you get there past 11. When we walked out the lines were forming, even though they did an excellent job moving people in and out without incident.

Come and give them a try and you will be happy that you did. Thanks for making my 600th review a good one!
I found this place after a long flight from Cali. We had a huge layover in Philly so I used my Yelp application to pick the highest rated cafe near the airport. 

I want to warn you to expect an "East Coast" attitude from the employees here. 

I used my iPhone maps to find this place and we ran inside as soon as we saw it (pouring rain outside). Would you believe, the employees (who were just sitting around waiting for opening time) said we had to wait outside until the cafe opened in 5 min??? How fucking rude is that? Remember folks, LASHING RAIN OUTSIDE!! 

The service was no better, our waitress was an ice queen and did the bare minimum to take care of us. And by bare minimum I mean she took our order and dropped off the food.

IDK..... maybe I'm spoiled by the service providers on the "Good Coast". MAYBE it is outside of a waitress' job description to ask you if you need napkins or a drink refill....IDK....

The food was OK, tho. Nice sized portions, I guess.
I first  heard about Sabrina's Cafe through a friend's cousin, that it was quite the popular spot for brunch in Philly. So before leaving Philly, we made a reservation for 5 at 11am. Upon arrival, we were told we needed to wait another 30 minutes (then whats the point of reservations?)

We got seated in a booth, definitely had some space issue here. We ordered coffee, in which my boyfriend and my cup were actually beer steins, must've ran out unless it's a sign. Our food came out in about 15 minutes. The portions were huge! Is it me or Philly can totally eat, and how do they not get fat?! 

Maybe Sabrina's was a bit hyped but the actual quality of the food was just "meh." It wasn't anything to wow about but comparing the price to the portion size, yes it as worth it. Quality-wise, not so much. Would I return? Probably not since there's always a long wait and I can definitely go somewhere else without the massive long wait lines and get better food - like say, Cafe Lift.
Wow what a nice treat. A few years ago (before my yelp days) while in the neighborhood and feeding into my pregnancy cravings I ordered the stuffed french toasted. Yum! This is the stuff dreams are made of!

Fast forward to today I was looking for a good breakfast spot and in looking at the menu decided I could really go for an apple cheddar omlette. It was better than I had expected. The apples tasted like they were slightly roasted with cinnamon before being placed inside with the Wisconsin Cheddar. I love breakfast meats but I was not missing them with this combo. The multi grain bread was to die for and I finished it all even though I have sworn off bread for the sake of my birthday dress. I also finished all of the homefries. In all actuality I never stood a change against the carbs :(.

I ordered a full stack of chocolate chip pancakes for my daughter and nephew to share. They were overall delicious but could have used more bananas my nephew refused them because he couldnt see the bananas.  This may have been a one time thing because judging from other photos the chocolate chips and bananas are abundant.

They are BYOB so if you are in the mood for a few mimosas this is your spot. We were a party of 5 and even on a weekday I did see the hostess sweat a little about our party size but she quickly put together a table for us. Our waitress was awesome and made us feel like we were the only table when she really had a full section she was taking care of. They accept all cards of payment EXCEPT for discover. The parking situation is not too bad as each time I have been here we are able to find street parking on the same block but dont forget to pay for the meter ticket.

I'm sure I'll be back this time with a smaller party and a champagne bottle in tow.
This place wasn't even on my radar until I was looking for a place to eat brunch before a trip tot he art museum. A friend made the suggestion and as soon as I laid eyes on the menu, I knew I had to check it out. 

I called 30 minutes ahead and booked a table for 4. Within 5 minutes of our arrival we were seated and ready to eat. Service was good. Within 5 minutes of that, BYOB mimosas were in hand.and my party was contemplating the amazing selection. 

I went with the "True Life: I ate a whole stuffed french toast" - "French toast stuffed with sweet cream cheese filled with crumbled golden Oreos, apricot preserves, fresh blackberries, roasted almonds, and ricotta cheese. Topped with a berry-orange syrup"... sign me up. When it came I knew... there was no way I was going to be able to eat the whole thing. The portions were intensely huge. The only complaint was that I couldn't taste the crumbled golden Oreo's but with flavors that good I hardly missed it.  Berry Orange Syrup - truly amazing. Side note: the other 3 people with me loved their meals as well: Huevos Rancheros, Eggs Benedict Florentine and the Real World: Philadelphia Special.

So glad I ended up at this place. I couldn't have been more pleased with my experience. If I am in the neighborhood again I will definitely stop back.
Sabrina's talks a lot of game. The place is packed, their menus are equally packed full of crazy combinations of ingredients, and their Yelp score is impressive. Damn me for kicking it down a notch. 

Sure, the brunch is solid. But it's also more than a little weird. I swear, apples were served in EVERY SINGLE DISH. Not in a good way. And I like apples. From apples in omelets to weird sweet/savory combinations, I couldn't get past some of the flavor profiles and for good reason: they ended up tasting just as weird and off as they sounded. Plus, with so many ingredients listed you barely get a taste of each one. I was excited when I saw avocado on the Mexican meal special; imagine my disappointment when I received hardly an 1/8th of my most favorite food on my plate. Bummer. 

Service was nice and food was quick and reasonably priced, but I think in the future I'll stick to some of the more traditional breakfast spots around town: apple and cheddar omelettes are just as weird as they sound.
Great brunch as always. 

Few tips I want to add before I get on to the meals. 

Did not know this - but it's a BYO! Bring champagne for your mimosas! I don't believe there is a corkage fee. 

You can order a  1/2 order of the stuffed French toast! Since this is usually what you want newcomers to try (but is usually a bit much) -  this is great! 

I had the blue cheese and bacon frittata - very dense (in a good way!), blue cheesy, bacon crumbly. Had mushrooms that were fresh and not cooked to death. Came with toast (whole wheat or white) and home fries. Delicious esp since I seem to be on a blue cheese kick lately.

The GF had the veggie sandwich which she loved as usual. Came with sweet potato fries.

The GF's mom had scrambled eggs and a side of bacon - nothing to see here - but she enjoyed them.

The GF's father went big and did not go home. Got a full order of stuffed French Toast and a single pancake! (admittedly the waitress told us about the 1/2 order of French Toast but somehow the kitchen sent us a full order - of course, the waitress only charged us for the  1/2 which we appreciated). After a couple of bites, he said no mas and sent the rest of us into stuffed French Toast battle with him. 

Nom nom - 'nuff said. Go get Sabrina's now.
Great food, and the menu changes all the time so there's always something new to try.

I've had the eggs benedict and tried several of the Mexican inspired brunch foods and never been disappointed.

The portions are HUGE. Definitely splittable.

BYOB!
What is wrong with y'all?  ...or is something wrong with me?  My meal was so underwhelming that I'm still sitting here wondering what it is that everyone else ordered that was so delicious!  I may go back just to try again because I can't understand how I could have had the same french toast everyone else was talking about.  

My boo and I anticipated the 30-45 minute wait, so that wasn't so much of a big deal.  In fact, they seated us early.  ...and I was SO excited about the "amazing place they've been saying such good things about on Yelp". 

Dry, dry, dry!  That's the only word I can find to describe the terribe french toast I ordered.  I made my own french toast today as a point of comparison, and I'm no Rachel Ray but I'm pretty sure I'm giving Sabrina's a run for their money.  The omelette my boo ordered was perfectly fine, but not a reason to leave the house.  The highlight was definitely the order of sweet potato fries dashed with powdered sugar.  

Overall, meh.

Save your money and make your own breakfast, sans wait.
I tried Sabrina's again - this time on a rainy weekday with my mother-in-law because it was close by.

Wish I hadn't bothered.

So "meh", poor service and overpriced.
Yes, my MIL loved her ENORMOUS slices of thick french toast (more like french toast cake) with whipped cream, but my dish was just OK.

Anyhow - they are in the nabe - and if you go on a weekday when there is no line, it's fine - but it is so not worth a long waits on weekends for brunch. Tip:  call ahead to get on the list!

It's just not all that for me and I have tried it 4 or 5 times already.
And I want to love it, I really do - but I just don't.
Sabrina's is not a hidden gem in Philadelphia.  It is definitely a well known eatery in the Logan Square area.  We arrived to a crowded curbside of patrons early on a Sunday morning and put our names down and patiently waited for 40 minutes to be seated in a restaurant that has a very homey feel to it.  The decor a somewhat retro 60's appeal; with those deep clay colors that are similar to your grandparents kitchen that badly needs a renovation but you know never will occur. 

Our waitress immediately got us menus and we were instantly served waters which I appreciated.

After a quick browse of a menu full of endless possibilities we went with an order of the cream cheese stuffed challah french toast and the burger special.  

The french toast was not the best I've ever had but it is incredibly rich, savory, and deep in creamy flavor which was finished off with a tangy and sweet strawberry preserve with fresh strawberries strewn across the dish.  A desert lover's breakfast dish.

The burger was cooked perfectly, the ground beef had a rich flavor to it so it wasn't overly lean and topped with blue cheese, caramelized onions, spinach, strawberry preserves and had a remarkably nice tangy, earthy and savory all on soft bun.  The sweet potato fries were light and airy and not bogged down with grease or oils and were incredibly full of flavor and topped with a light powdered sugar dash.  

The coffee was served piping hot and filled to the brim in our non-uniform mugs that were evidently collected at random with mine being tall and adorning a chip in the ceramic and another having a commemorative logo branded across it all bringing together a very homey feel.  

I'm glad I got to write the 550th review.  Sabrina's is a total breakfast hit.  I look forward to coming back.
I ordered the Marinated Grilled Vegetable Sandwich. The rest of my party ordered the Tuna Sandwich and the Cali Turkey Sandwich. I wasn't really impressed. Just kind of whatever, you know?! Eh...and what makes a sandwich Californian? Avocado? Spoken from a Californian, I think that's kind of lame. 

And I ordered the sandwich specifically because the more expensive dinner items didn't really seem worth that price. 

Anyways, the table service was excellent. Very attentive server. Welcoming hostess. Cute interior, like a clean coffeeshop feel but with a dinner menu. 

I hear brunch is better, yet pricey. I'll put that on my to-do list next time I am in town. 

Oh and something I am completely foreign to is this whole BYOB. Grr. I am used to getting a buzz off of alcoholic beverages off of restaurant drink menus. Just a little something something to grow into if I move to this city.
if i need to say more than " banana stuffed french toast", you are a spoiled, spoiled person. 

the ONLY downside to sabrina's is the wait, which is always considerable on the weekends during brunching hours. ew, i just said "brunching". whatever, once you try the veggie cheese steak you won't care that i said "brunching". one time my order was like, a disappearing act, and the manager comped the whole meal because of it. she knows how to keep customers happy, and the waitstaff is efficient and sometimes there are cute babies wearing sunglasses indoors.

if you can finagle a friend into doing this, get one breakfasty thing and one lunchy thing and be in food heaven. then you'll be in a food coma for at least a half hour, but it will feel so good. also there's a rad used bookstore nearby, if you need to kill some time.
Sabrina's Cafe in South Philly has been a staple for amazing brunch for years. When I found out they were building a Sabrina's a few blocks from my house I almost cried.

This is one of my favorite restaurants in the world. I've been atleast 10 times, always order something new and am always blown away. The Huevos Rancheros with lime sour cream, guacamole and chorizo salsa is unreal. I also recommend the Mediterranean Wrap that is stuffed with hummus, falafel, roasted reds, feta, olives. The cheddar-jalapeno polenta fries are also incredible.

If you have friends coming into the city and are looking for an amazing breakfast, lunch or dinner, bring them to Sabrina's and expect them to love it. They never let me down.
I'm big into brunch, and this place is hot.  Moreover, I'm big into french toast - but usually stay away from it when it's stuffed - and their stuffed french toast is hot. 
i also tried the crazy eggs benedict - the special one, whatever it was called - and it was very good.  very.
recommended highly.
After a few friends recommended the South Philly location, I stumbled across this one while walking to return some dvds.  Since then, it has become a staple of the hungover fog that are my weekend mornings.  For starters, go on Saturday unless you don't mind waiting up to two hours as the church crowd collides with the waking club crowd, spilling over into the "let's take your visiting family to Sabrina's" crowd on Sundays.  The staff is friendly and laid back without losing their hipster cool.  Decent music at the right volume compliments the retro decor.  Now, if you are there for brunch, you are in the right place.  The Challah French Toast stuffed with bananas and vanilla syrup is incredible (for anyone who has seen the size of their french toast, it can be ordered in a smaller portion).  My girlfriend eats almost nothing but their Egg Benedict Florentine since she can get it with thick cuts of bacon or avocado/tomato during her vegetarian kicks.  Many of their other breakfast selections are veggie/vegan friendly.  I eat more lunch foods, and most of their sandwiches are top notch, including the Seitan cheesesteak which I was skeptical about.  The real treat is their revolving brunch menu which always features ridiculous combinations of stuffed french toasts, elaborate pancake combinations, sandwiches inspired by seasons or regions, burgers stuffed with everything from fennel to andouiile sausage to long hots.  Their salad combinations are ridiculous as well (you have to have their Ultimate Caesar at least once).  The dinner selection is notable as well, but I honestly go here for a great weekend breakfast washed down by La Colombe coffee and a great dessert selection.  The only really noticeable downsides to Sabrina's are the wait on Sundays (they don't take reservations), the cluttered seating that leaves you smelling the Old Spice on the grandfather sitting at the next table, and if you eat here for too long, the outrageous flavor combinations end up kind of morphing into one Sabrina's taste that you might have to take a break from for a while.  Other than that, wear sweatpants and walk over for one of the best brunches in the city.
The. French. Toast. Is. The. Bomb. 

Seriously...that cream cheese, grilled, syrupy, caramelized concoction was the best I have ever had. I had it at 11am today and I can't stop thinking about it and it is 8pm! The coffee was great too. Service prompt, nice atmosphere. But French Toast...wow.....nothing else like it in Philly, or anywhere for that matter!
Before I even get into the food, which was delicious, I just want to give a shout out to the hostess, who, at the height of brunch on a busy Saturday, managed to keep a sidewalk full of people organized and was kind and helpful to everyone she encountered.  

We waited 45 minutes for a table, which was in an adorable alley next to the restaurant. The wait was totally worth it. We started with a pitcher of the best orange juice I've ever had and some very strong coffee. We then dived into some stuffed challah French toast and huevos rancheros, the two most popular dishes on the menu. The portions were huge-- you could easily split one entree but try two!! We split everything and it was a great way to have the best of both worlds. 

We didn't come close to finishing, but we tried! Everything was really good. The huevos were full of tender sausage, flavorful sauces, and was mild enough for those afraid of heat to enjoy. The French toast was like a dessert-- the vanilla syrup needs to be bottled and sold. 

I'm gonna leave you with one final thought. When you come-- and you should!-- Get the orange juice. I promise you will love it.
I went to this place recently on 3/13 with some friends.  We had just won a $25 gift card a in trivia contest at the Free Library of Philadelphia.
As others have stated the seating was a little cramped, that is accurate as everyone was wearing winter coats after all.  I'm sure things won't seem so cramped in the warmer months.
The food was delicious and the service attentive.  I liked that I could get breakfast items at night.  I loved the egg sandwich I ordered.
Another overrated brunch spot.  I had the burger which was the consistency of a brick yet somehow not overwhelmingly overcooked.  I have no idea why their burger broke off into chunks rather than delivering tender juicy bites.  

The sweet potato fries were covered in so much cinnamon (and/or nutmeg) that it was like eating a slice of french toast.  While I love french toast, I dont want my fries to taste like it.  The parm fries were MUCH better and the breakfast potatoes were tasty.

The food might be 3 stars but Im giving 2 because of the wait.  Yet another Philly "diner" that cant seem to figure out what their wait actually is or just lies to keep you waiting around.  Either way, I wont be in that line again.
There is no discernible difference between Sabrina's the First and Sabrina's the Second. Well, foodwise there isn't. Contrary to what many of my friends would have me believe, the food is EXACTLY the same, but with a hint of new restaurant thrown in.

The only thing I don't like about this place is the weirdo decor. It's kinda art-deco, it's kinda 60's retro, and it kinda makes you want to throw up if you're nursing a hangover on Sunday morning. But I'd gladly suffer through bad decor for the sugar fiesta that is the Special Stuffed French Toast.

And don't forget, they have call ahead seating. You don't have to wait in that ridiculously long line!!
My friends and I were in Philly for the weekend, and just happened to randomly google a brunch spot. Sabrina's had rave reviews so we made our way over. The wait was about 30 minutes, which we're used to dealing with in NYC, so we waited patiently.

...it was SO worth it.

The atmosphere is quaint and a little noisy, but totally controlled. As soon as you walk in, you're hit with the aroma of breakfast meats and fresh coffee. The wait staff is so accommodating and super friendly, and we felt right at home. 

The portions are RIDICULOUS here. Like....super ridiculous. The stuffed french toast seems to be the most popular brunch option here, but I prefer savory dishes and went with the "but where did the breakfast special come from?", which is eggs, fried fish, asparagus, potatoes, cornbread, and the most (and only) immaculate sriracha cream cheese I've ever experienced. I had a taste of the french toast and it was SO delicious. 

I would definitely recommend this spot to foodies looking to get the local experience. Make sure you have on comfy shoes or have a book in tow, you'll want to wait in line for this food!
Great breakfast - spot on! 

It was quite crowded going into Sabrina's Fairmount location on MLK day. Knowing that it was a holiday, we were worried that it would be an hour wait but when we arrived at noon we only had to wait 15 minutes to sit at the counter. We had good service and ordered the Huevos Rancheros and Eggs Florentine, with Scrapple and Tomatoes/Avocado. The food was great and I will continue to go back.
Like its original counterpart down in South Philly, and like its other similar over-hyped, crazy wait timed brunch destinations (cough. honey's. cough) - Sabrina's is a good breakfast/brunch joint, just like most of the 120 reviews attest to.

Big, happy, hefty portions.  Good La Colombe Coffee.  A little on the price-y side (15 buckaroos for eggs bennie with lox? no thanks!) - and so, (much like Honey's) not worth a wait more than 30 minutes (if there's space at the bar, take it and run!) - Go next door to Kite and Key, or take thee North to the Art Museum neighborhood for options a plenty.
I love Sabrina's. Why? Because they have tofu scrambles at 8am. All the vegan places in the middle of the city open so late and a vegan wants a real breakfast too!

My bf and I came here this past weekend. I ordered a ton of their delicious homies (love that they mark them vegan!!) and my bf got the scramble. Our waiter (believe his name was Dan) was super nice. He noticed we were vegan and he's vegan too so he gave us some hummus with our toast! So sweet - it's like plant butter! ;) 

Very good service and the food was just as great as I remember. Vegans, go get your early breakfast, and maybe get lucky enough to have Dan as your waiter. Can't wait to go again!
Love this place. Nice, speedy waitstaff, great food, big portions for fair prices. Come for breakfast, brunch, lunch or dinner. 

the fish tacos are awesome, parmesan fries are great. sandwiches are pretty big and tasty. stop by if you're in the area, if youre not... go down to 18th and callowhill, then stop by. its that good.
We were looking for a brunch spot close to the museum and Sabrina's was the perfect fit! It has a very young, lively atmosphere. I had the huevos rancheros and my friend had the Barking Chihuahua- both were delicious!

Tip- go early, it gets packed! 
The chef changes the specials every couple of weeks and never repeats, so those are worth a look!
We ordered takeout from Sabrina's cafe because it it is by far one of my favorite brunch spots in Philadelphia. 

I'm not sure if anyone else has had this issue before, but they literally threw a banana on top of my French toast. With the peel on. Is it clean? I guess we'll never know. Disappointing for sure.
Indulging in their banana and cream cheese stuffed French Toast is my favorite brunch activity. Lovelovelove this place. So cheap for so much food. I recommend getting the half order of the French toast. It's not on the menu but they've always happily obliged when I ask.
I went here for brunch today with my Dad because of all the reviews raving about the stuffed french toast and let me tell you, it lived up to the hype. I got a half order with a side of bacon because the full order seemed huge from all the pics I looked at, and it's a good thing I did. The two pieces of Challah bread were the biggest I've ever seen used for french toast! The farmer's cream cheese wedged between between the two giant slices of bread had chunks of banana mixed throughout, which provided the perfect balance of flavors. Topped off with some maple syrup, this was the best sweet entree I've had at a breakfast place in quite some time. In addition, the bacon was cooked just right to achieve that nice crispy texture, even if it is just bacon. 

My Dad had a short stack of pancakes with a side of turkey sausage. The pancakes were very fluffy and looked good, I definitely will be trying them when I come back here next. I've heard that there can be long lines due to how good the food is, but because it was a Friday (I took off from work for the day) we were seated right away. Our server was good, ambience was nice, and the food came quickly. All in all, it was a great way to start the day. Just be sure that you come here hungry because you definitely get your money's worth and will not leave wanting more.
We've eaten dinner here before after a night at art after 5 at the Art Museum.  I had a strawberry chicken dish and Kristine had the french toast (breakfast can be gotten at anytime, btw).  We liked it so much we wanted to get back sometime for breakfast...and this past weekend gave us that opportunity.

We met our friends there, Greg G and Maria (since it's right in Greg's neighborhood).  The wait wasn't that bad for 11am.  We waited a little more than 30 mins.  We all ordered breakfast specials.  Maria and I got a french toast with a peach and strawberry syrup.  It was good...and portions were HUGE!  Kristine got the pumpkin pancakes that she's been craving for weeks and enjoyed them very much (however she would have liked a little more syrup on the underneath pancakes because they got a little dry).  Greg G got the eggs benedict and cleared the plate completely, so I assume he really liked it.

Needless to say we're going to be back at Sabrina's many many times.  It's great breakfast/brunch food that makes you crave more.
Did not dine in here, had it delivered via Caviar.  Overall great experience.  Food was delicious and it was not too expensive.  Great sweet and savory options for those who can't decide for breakfast.

Recommended dishes: Challah French Toast & Avocado Toast
Mm mm mm! Scrumptious brunch spot with great service! I had the stuffed french toast which was simply heavenly! I had just arrived in Philly so I had my suitcase with me (bad move when going to a popular brunch spot, I've learned!) and the host helped me find a spot for it so that I didn't have to awkwardly navigate the crowd. 

The coffee was marvelous, and I am still dreaming about that cream cheese and banana stuffed challah french toast... my friend's savory egg dish looked lovely too, and maybe I'll try it next time I visit (though I am not one to mess with perfection!). Sabrina's was slammed, but we had a reservation and were seated promptly. Everyone who worked there seemed to love their job, too! 

Fyi, portion sizes are humungous, so you'll either satisfy a ravenous appetite (as I did!) or have a treat for the next day (if you can wait that long!).
Yup, we definitely ate here TWO days in a row for brunch.
 
Both mornings, the cafe was packed TO THE GILLS (45 min+ wait) but we lucked out both mornings by grabbing counter seating. SCORE!

Service was friendly and attentive, and both meals that I had were FANTASTIC.

Day 1: Stuffed Challah French Toast - thick slices of bread loaded up with sweet cinnamon cream cheese....tons of syrup...need I say more?

Day 2: Barking Chihuahua - breakfast burrito with eggs, black beans, cheese - served with roasted potatoes!  Yumm!

Both meals were fantastic, and hubs loved his two choices too (Day 1: he had the special 'Solar Flare' Stuffed Challah french toast, and Day 2: the pumpkin pancakes with berries and other awesomeness - he declared them the best pancakes he has ever had in his life)

Also a huge fan of the coffee (strong, and your cup never goes empty!)
Food was great, nice selection of breakfast entrees. This was my first visit and I will be going back for sure. The only negative I have is the exceptionally long wait ,I went early on a Sunday morning and for a party of 2 waited 45 minutes.   Facility is not large hence not a great deal of wait space , not a good thing when it is cold outside. The wait staff was attentive. I had the egg white frittata w/turkey bacon this is served with LeBus bread and home fries the portions are nice.
TLDR: loved the food and the service. Long wait, but manageable with their text notification system. 

By the time we arrived, the wait was estimated to be 1.5 hours, so we signed up and took a stroll around the art museum area.

I ordered the tofu scramble (but forgot to take a picture) and my partner ordered the stuffed French toast. LOVED my tofu scramble - just want I needed that day. Very light and guilt-free. My partner loved the stuffed French toast but he said it was also very rich- as a French toast lover himself, he struggled to finish. I had to help out, but I also loved it. The banana was a nice touch to balance the overall sweetness and richness of the French toast. I would order even though I'm not a French toast enthusiast. 

Would love to come back and try something else next time!
I know that Sabrina's is famous for brunch, but I am a big fan of Friday night dinner there. New Sabrina's is cozy and the food is delicious. Also, while some people go there for legitimate dates/other semi-fancy occasions,  you can show up dressed down (by which I mean clothes that may or may not be pajamas)  and no one looks at you funny. They just point you to a booth and then bring you crusty bread and olive oil. The two best things about dinner- never a wait, and the chocolate layer cake. Seriously, it is the best chocolate cake I've ever had.
I love this particular Sabrina's Cafe because you can join a wait list here. This place is my go to whenever I finish a race, because it's in the area and if you put your party on a waiting list and time it right, you don't even have to wait too long. This morning, my party of 4 arrived a little later and we had been taken off the wait list; however, after explaining to the hostess of our situation, she put us back on, and we were pretty much seated within 10 minutes. Service here is always on point and the food delicious. For food, we ordered the huevos rancheros, house burger, pancakes with sides of eggs and sausages. It didn't take long for the food to come out and they were at full capacity too! The pancakes were super fluffy and delicious, and the sausages and eggs were your normal breakfast sausages and eggs but that was all I wanted this morning. My friends enjoyed their food as well and it was exactly what we needed after our half marathon. Our server kept checking on us and refilling our waters. You can always count on Sabrina's Cafe for a yummy brunch any day.
I enjoyed the food and the music, and as a first timer, the shrimp and grits were really amazing. My daughter loved the bacon, and the pancake was even better the next day.
If you want a top notch breakfast in Philly, Sabrina's is the place to get it. I have been here a few times and had never had a breakfast that wasn't First class. They have many selections of French toast among other breakfast items. 
There is off street parking available. There may be a bit of a wait depend on what day and what time you go. 
The staff is very friendly and professional and very helpful to your needs. The atmosphere is immaculate and very clean. The restaurant is usually filled but the service is very punctual and the prices are very reasonable. 
I usually order one of the many different French toast dishes. They are very filling and so tasty. I will absolutely be a life long customer if nothing changes. I definitely recommend giving them a shot. I really don't think that you will regret it.
This has become my favorite brunch spot in the city. I bring all my guests here from out of town. I will say, the South Philly location is cuter and much brighter on the insider, but the food is consistent in every location. 

What I love about this place is that the portions are generous. It's definitely worth the price - and it's not relatively expensive to begin with. I'll give you an example. During this particular visit I tried the avocado toast because I wasn't as hungry as I usually am. I was surprised to see that the toast came with 4 slices, toppings like agave syrup, and poached eggs for just about $12. If you ordered avocado toast anywhere else in the city, $12 would only give you 1 piece of toast and just avocado. 

You can't really go wrong with anything on the menu. Everything tastes great.

Oh, and shoutout to the amazing service! I wish I got our waitress's name to give her a special shoutout - she has some blue hair dye and traditional tattoos. She really went above and beyond. I am lactose intolerant and so I ordered the pumpkin spice latte with oat milk instead of cow milk. Not knowing what the recipe was on my end, I didn't know if I had to make any other specifications. But she came back with my latte and made sure there was no whipped cream or milky caramel drizzle on top without me even having to say anything. That is care and consideration that you don't experience in many other places. I really appreciated it.
Good choice for breakfast with flavorful food, just not too many menu options.  The coffee is good too.
I am never disappointed when I visit this spot for brunch! First of all, this Sabrina's takes day-of reservations over the phone...I always call ahead and put my name in, because there's usually an hour or so wait for peak times on the weekends. They are also BYO, so I love ordering a pitcher of OJ and having mimosas. Finally, I've been happy with every dish I've tried here -- eggs benedict, salmon burger, the bagel and lox plate -- you really can't go wrong!
Order half-portions! Seriously! Especially if you're getting the french toast - you most likely will be wasting half of it so why not save a few bucks?

Sabrina's is considered one of the top brunch spots in the city so if you go on the weekend call ahead or expect to stand outside for a while! For me it just isn't worth it anymore, I'd rather go somewhere without a wait. 

Love the food, though! Sweet potato fries, french toast, tofu scramble, etc. It's all good. They serve La Colombe coffee and are usually on top of the refills. My only gripe (other than the prices which are a bit high) is that they're not consistent with the music - Sometimes it's fantastic old soul and sometimes it's cheesy soft pop or classic rock (ala SMB). No thanks!
Huge portions, great food, big menu, they are very busy so CALL AHEAD!!!

Some of these other reviews are insane... "lacking in atmosphere"? What?  This place is dripping with character... I think it's way more interesting than the original Sabrina's.  It's set up like a diner, but with more of a kind of bohemian-farm/coffee shop style decor... i'm sure there's a better description for that.  The place gets PACKED for Sunday brunch, but you don't have to wait if there are seats at the diner counter.  The food portions are HUGE and most menu items are enough to split between two people.  I've had mostly really good experiences here, although maybe once I had a pancake special that wasn't that great.  The Huevos Rancheros are soooo good, and they always have some really interesting things on the menu you can't find anywhere else.

If you REALLY want to go to Sabrina's on a Sunday morning, either get there by 8:30 - 9am... or call 45 minutes ahead.  I've been there on a Saturday morning, and it's a little less busy.  Don't just show up and expect to be served immediately... it's a very popular place, so don't be a jerk and try to complain that it takes too long.  Also, don't be a jerkface who lounges at a table for 30 minutes after you're finished eating... most likely there are some very hungry people waiting for a table, so wrap it up!  Like with most popular establishments, plan ahead, be patient and courteous to the staff, and you'll have a good experience.
Sabrina's is a staple to the Philly brunch scene. Regardless of which location you go to, you should expect a top notch brunch. 

They take basic brunch concepts and add a creative spin to them. The fundamentals are still on the menu- omlettes, pancakes, French toast, etc however they really unleash their creative side on the specials menu.

On my most recent trip, the brunch specials were all Beyonce themed. The dishes were cleverly named with lyrics and Beyonce in mind. I wish I could sit in on the menu planning meeting because I can only imagine the fun involved.

I opted for the "Irreemplazable" Mexi special which consisted of Roasted poblano peppers stuffed with scrambled pepper jack eggs with a roasted adobe-lime chicken-bell pepper-potato hash. Finished with queso fresco, pico de gallo, chipotle sour cream, and sliced avocado. Served with fried corn tortillas and a roasted honey-southwest spiced orange half. My husband went with the "These 'cakes? Flawless!" special pancakes, which consisted of Pumpkin pancakes filled with crispy plantains, peanut butter chips, and sweet-n-spicy roasted walnuts.  Topped with peach-orange syrup, cinnamon tex-mex spiced butter, and a salted apricot-caramel sauce. 

Other options included the "My Omelette's Too Bootylicious", "If Ya Liked It You Shoulda Put Some Shrimp On It" Sandwich special. I could seriously just read the menu titles and crack up all day. 

In any case, both dishes were made up of a unique combo of ingredients, but the pancakes stole the show. 

So we weren't the only people to agree with the awesome sentiment of Sabrina's. The tables and waiting areas were packed my entire visit. Our server had this down though. Despite a full house, she made sure we were taken care of by attending to out drink orders right away, offering assistance with the menu and checking on us throughout the meal.

The quarters are tight so this is not the spot for top secret conversations. BYOB is a plus. The portions are huge. Come hungry and still expect leftovers. 

I never expect anything but quality from Sabrina's. Thank you for being a Philadelphia brunch staple.
tofu scramble + fresh squeezed orange juice + potatos + being able ot call and put your name on the list + a waitress who was delightful = a place I adore..

 I mean they don't have yellow mustard though.. hrm. not really ok with me but I was able to eat . I am wondering why places are not carrying yellow mustard ... that saddens me deeply.. 

however the place was packed but they move quickly. It's a little crammed though.. which is not great but I mean it works... there's a place you can hang coats to limit that kind of bulkiness.. Which makes sense, but I'd never hang up my coat bc that's just more work for me when I'm done! 

The brunch quest continues :D
I stopped in Sabrina's last Tuesday to kill some time before a job interview. They just opened so there wasn't the usual brunch crowd that everyone loathes. The hostess encouraged me to sit at the counter and grabbed me coffee and water right away.  After agonizing over their breakfast and brunch specials I decided to stick to a half portion of their stuffed French toast since I was about to go on an interview. Even though I wasn't eating much I received excellent service. Everyone from my server, to the hostess who chatted with my about my interview greeted me with a "hey!" or offered drink refills. Their stuffed French toast did not disappoint and I devoured every bit of it. It's as amazing as brunch go-ers rave about and the stuffed french toast was the perfect portion (I couldn't believe it was only half!) 

Overall Sabrina's did not disappoint and I will definitely be back. When my server picked up my check he wished me good luck on my interview and I even got a fist bump and a good luck from the hostess as I left! 

A + for Sabrina's
The brunch dishes at Sabrina's are meant to be shared, they are huge!

Between 4 people my group shared the following which was a great mix of sweet and savory:

- Huevos Rancheros with veggie sausage - this was spicy and delicious.  The veggie sausage made the dish feel substantial and we didn't miss out on the protein.

- Stuffed French Toast - this can easily be shared by 4 people!  The french toast is stuffed with cream cheese that isn't too sweet and topped with bananas. 

 - Mexican egg special - this eggs were cooked a little differently than the huevos rancheros and this dish was a little spicier.  This was good, but I was a huge fan of the huevos. 

Friendly/quick service.
Not the best first experience, but I'll give it the benefit of the doubt for now.
If the second time's like the first, I won't believe the hype.

We went for brunch around 2pm.  Servers working hard to this point, probably a bit tired now. Mine got my order wrong, but I might have contributed to it, so c'est la vie.  She also seemed a lot more interested in talking to her friends and coworkers than walking around doing her job. Food was very good though.
I've been here a few times. Its always crowded; be prepared to wait. The stuffed french toast is really good here. I think the food here is pretty average in taste compared to all the other brunch places in Philly.

I mean they have great dishes with tons of ingredients that make the dishes sound really amazing, but I think the taste is just OK... 

Its worth paying a visit if you have never been here.
Yuuuuuum.

We went here for brunch (on a Wednesday, take note, non-Sunday brunchers) and it was, as promised by the many reviews, delicious.  I suspected good things were about to happen food-wise when I made my first read through the menu and was genuinely torn among three or four entrees.. and that was only in the breakfast/brunch section.

Huevos Rancheros with chorizo (or without)?  Blue cheese frittata with bacon and various other delightful things that I now cannot remember?  Breakfast special consisting of bacon/cheddar scone topped with eggs scrambled with asparagus and topped with an arugula pesto hollandaise?  How does a person even make a decision under these circumstances?

I went with the huevos and boyfriend went with the special and neither of us were disappointed.  Everything came to the table surprisingly quickly for a fairly packed house and piping hot from the kitchen.  The blue corn tortilla under the huevos was perfectly crisp and the guacamole/sour cream (and I don't even usually go for sour cream...) went perfectly with the tomatoey-chorizoey-beany goodness.  (And the fried egg on top was FRIED.  Like for real.. with crispy egg bits and everything.  Sooooo good.)

Anyway... as I drool in my reminiscing.  I'm definitely looking forward to going back.  Granted, it will be difficult to resist the urge to order the huevos again because they were so delicious, but based on a few bites of my boyfriend's special I'm definitely interested to see what else might show up on the menu.
This is my favorite brunch place in AMERICA!
no joke. i'm from California and I would move here to eat at Sabrina's any day. 

 I love the stuffed French toast and I love the eggs Benedict. the french toast here was the best i ever had in my life. I'm normally not a brunch person but this place changed me forever. 
The hollendase sauce is made fresh and the quality and taste are top notch. 

in my 3 days vacationing, ive been here twice. and we got seated immediately.  we've gotten delicious food. definitely, a place worth eating and waiting for. LOVE!!!

now can you please come to california?!?
The food was decent quality but getting in to actually buy food is absolutely ridiculous. They have the worst methodology for seating people that I've ever seen. The approximate wait time that they told us (20 minutes) ended up being 4x that amount. When your party is up, they say the table name in a very timid voice twice in two minutes, and then give up and yield the table to someone else. They don't account for the large amount of people waiting for their table name to be called outside (who are politely waiting  outside since the entry cannot accommodate everyone). The restaurant is crowded and loud! Speak up, for God's sake. And don't throw out waiting time numbers casually just to appease people. 
For the hassle I had to go through, I would rather go somewhere else with the same quality of food and same price. It's nothing to write home about, especially after the struggle this morning.
Great service and the food is delicious. And it never a long wait. We always get a great parking spot near the Restaurant. This is our second time here and we all ready love is place. We never went to the other location because this location is near our house. Do you know if you both work so much you just love someone to serve you and get  good food and good service. This a small and cute Restaurant. And I wonder can you sit outside??? I wish that I can give more stars but they only have 5 stars and I would give them a 10 stars across the board. You should go and check them out. If you can you'll see what I'm talking about. And our server name was Aimee and she is awesome. Check them out at the location near you. We even meet the Owner Robert he went walking around and making sure you was good and how was everything. Is like a date morning for me and my husband because we work so much when we barely have time for each other so this is a great time to relax and feel at home and enjoy this wonderful breakfast. Thanks Sabrina Cafe great job keep it up I'm coming back to try to lunch and bringing my family.
On our last day in Philly, we ventured out to Sabrina's Cafe for breakfast. It was a little out of our area, but I kept holding on to the thought of challah bread stuffed french toast. 

I'm usually a meat and eggs kind of breakfast girl, but I was intregied by the thought of stuffed french toast. We found a window seat and that's exactly what I ordered. It was huge. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/iUZEGx29miZObLd6_lt7Vg?select=TTD2xHK2i2BcGzZVJroZGg 

He ordered the bacon and eggs with homefried potatoes and bread. The bread is so good like homemade. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/iUZEGx29miZObLd6_lt7Vg?select=Jwpv-jAgZs5JhJg5_WttZg

I really loved the french toast and had a hard time leaving the rest behind but it was time for us to leave Philly. I'm really glad I did my research and found these great restaurants, they really added to the overall trip and I had a great time.
