I stopped by here after running a few errands to grab tabbouli salad and a kofta kabob sandwich to go. Both were delicious. The food here is very fresh and made to order. Also, the customer service is outstanding. The owner greeted me and offered me complimentary mint tea while I was waiting! Its great to find small business owners who place an emphasis on customer service. 5 starts for both customer service and the quality of the food! Hands down the best Middle Eastern food in Philadelphia.
I've been eating here for years, and by far this is the BEST Middle Eastern restaurant I've ever come across in philadelphia! 

Why? For this reasons:
1/ Yummy food that actually remind one of home.
2/ Lovely Arabic songs playing in the background.
3/ Chill atmosphere.
4/ BEST Shawarma in Philadelphia!!

I've tried almost everything on the menu and it's all tasty. The Kibbeh, Grape Leaves, Falafel, Mixed Grilled Sandwich, Shawarma,  you name it, I'm quite pleased with whatever I order. All Lebanese Style! 

I've got to say the interior is a bit dated, the deliciousness of food though makes up for it! Highly recommended for a taste of the Middle East.
I've always walked past this place but never gave it a second thought, it's located on a random part of the block and the front of the restaurant is not much to look at in terms of aesthetics.  Our friend recommended this place for lunch as he was pretty hung over and couldn't figure out what he could stomach.
The place is more of a take-out quick lunch/dinner spot then a dining destination. The décor is dated, but let me tell you- the food was delicious! I was very pleased with everything that we ordered. I actually filled up with the starters that I couldn't finish my lamb kabob sandwich.  
I highly recommend the tabbouleh, so yummy, I couldn't stop eating it! The hummus and meat was really filling too. I've never had hummus served with meat before, but it was a lot more filling then the normal- we actually tried both the regular hummus and with meat appetizer, you can't go wrong! Our friend was raving about this 'garlic dipping sauce' out came this thick white yogurt, I took a large scoop, boy did it pack a punch! They should really bottle it and sell it, I would grab a couple of bottles! I highly recommend you request an extra side of it! DH had the mixed grilled platter, which really gave you a bang for your buck, it was an assortment of rice, chicken, beef and kafta. He was raving about how nice the spices complimented the food and was very pleased with everything he ate. Our waitress was very chatty and took great care of us. She was always filling our glasses and made great recommendations on the food selection.  

We grabbed a take-out menu as they deliver. This place is going to replace the delivery place we currently use for Lebanese/Middle Eastern food!
A really good restaurant overall. It's offers a really good dining atmosphere with inexpensive Lebanese/Middle Eastern food. I really love the seafood dishes but they also make great lamb and vegetarian cuisine. the service is great and they get you your food fairly quickly. It's a great BYOB to go to when your looking to eat out on the fly because it's rarely overcrowded and pretty easy to get a table.
The girlfriend loves Mediterranean food so after doing some research, I found out that there was one real close to where I live. Due in part to a mix of decent reviews for this place, but mainly because I was too lazy to walk any farther than a block from my place, Sahara Grill was where I took her.

First off, the service isn't fantastic, and as long as they act like it's a chore to provide us with simple things like water, they're not likely to change my opinion of them. Even a hello when we sat down would have been nice, but maybe I'm asking too much. The guy who took our order smirked when I asked him how to pronounce Shisk Taouk.

I got the Shish Taouk platter, the girlfriend got the Shawarma platter. Both came with salads, but they brought the salad on one plate, and aww it was all romantic and stuff when our hands touched and I kept stabbing her hand because I didn't want to share. Ok seriously, I didn't stab her hard, but I liked the salad, and the pita bread. We shared that until our actual food arrived (salad is not food. It is something you chew on while you're thinking about something else much more delicious; essentially, for that brief period of time, you are a cow but that's a discussion for another time). 

Both platters arrived, and they looked... kinda small, although the girlfriend found hers very filling and kept pushing stuff onto my plate. We were effectively sharing our food and came to the consensus that the Shish Taouk was better than the Shawarma, but not significantly so. The rice and vegetables, and everything else on the plates, while miniscule (to me) were delicious, and well prepared. It's not very often that I'm impressed with rice and salad, but there you have it. Quality is fantastic, portions are not, service is definitely not (hence the minus two stars). I don't see myself going back except when the girlfriend wants to go back, which she no doubt will will. I think I'd rather pay a little more and take her to Kanella actually just because my experience there overall was much better as far as Mediterranean food goes. So yeah, Kanella if you're willing to blow a little extra dough, or if you want cheap, head to Saad's. Sahara Grill is fine though for a good middle ground.
As we walked in downtown from the Hyatt Belevue in Philadelphia, we came across a Middle Eastern restaurant, Sahara Grill. We practically ran through the doors and seated ourselves, after confirming it was halal.

It was a cozy spot, a small restaurant, with an open kitchen in the back. There were a couple of tables that were empty, which eventually filled up as the time passed. But overall, a clean comfortable casual place.

The menu had plenty of options, but we knew what we wanted, the Mixed Grill! When you can't decide between the meats, it's the best way to go. Since it was a cold night, we opted for the spicy lentil soup as starters. Unfortunately, it was not spicy nor good. It was very blan and lacked salt as well. Even after squeezing a lime into it, the taste was just okay. I've had better lentil soup from Middle Eastern restaurants prior to this. Along with the soup, they gave a salad, which was very fresh and crisp, I loved the salad, it had a light dressing of olive oil. Very simple and clean.

The entree came out right after we finished our soup, didn't take long at all, and I was glad it didn't because we were HUNGRY. Once we saw the rice portions, we felt it was on the small side, however the rice was tasty. Not your usual white rice or brown rice, and it was not dry.
I always go to this place to pick up lunch. It may not be obvious but you can order to-go and they get food ready really fast. The owners are quite friendly. 

I love most of their meat sandwich (esp. Shawarma) as well as Hummus with meat appetizer (I can just eat that alone for lunch.) 

Overall, my takeout experience is much better than eat-in meal, mostly because of their service. Last time I had lunch there, our server didn't quite understand English and it took him forever to bring us our bill. I was disappointed. 

They do have minimum $10 credit charge. So if you ever plan to go there just for a sandwich, remember to bring cash!
This is a great find. The food is very real, fresh and delicious.  It's Lebanese "Home cooked" style in the best way. 

Started with the lentil soup which was more a broth than thick with lentils which I was very happy about. Adding some fresh lemon took it over the top

Had the  Middle Eastern combo as my main meal. The humus and Baba Ganouj was some of the best I've had (and I have tasted many). Even the carrots were great. It was very filling. 

Sue had the lamb kebab and that was also delicious with the lamb cooked perfectly so it practically melted in your mouth. The salad and other accompaniments were all equally fresh and tasty.

All so need to call out the Mango Yogurt drink which was velvety and not cloyingly sweet but delicious 

Wish we can find a Lebanese place this good back home
Fantastic, delicious, comforting Lebanese Food... the owner is supper friendly, with extraordinary memory. The last time I dinned here was 2018 and he remembered me.... of course I was a regular customer here. The point is that he will make you feel very welcome!... Excellent service,  excellent location, food taste is authentic and delicious!... love it... yummy!
So yesterday I had a shawarma sandwich and some falafel with hummus. The sandwich was pretty tasty; it's really hard to pull off authentic flavors without the spinning meat pit or simply the right technique. It needed a little salt on the meat, which I added myself. Shawarma is different from gyros but has the same concept. Good flavors inside the rolled pita-with middle eastern pickles, tomatoes and tahini. I prefer it toasted, which is how it came; was also a good portion. I wasn't as much of a fan of the falafel, it was a bit dense and not as flavorful as I would've hoped. But not too bad! Hummus was good also.
Traditionally, when asked to sit at a restaurant, one should expect that a waiter or similar entity should approach within a few minutes in order to get drink orders or answer questions.  This did not occur.  We were seated and then ignored until we approached the register to place our order.  Honestly, this isn't a big deal but I figure it is worth mentioning as an addendum to the other service complaints.

Their mango juice is pretty darn good and their chicken sish taouk sandwich is large and satisfying.  It was a little light on the sauce but that is forgiveable.  Sahara Grill is a fine place to go for a relatively inexpensive, decent lunch in the area.  If you have someone visiting from out of town and they say, "I want a lunch that's just like other mediterranean places I'm used to.  I don't like when people get too zany with their cooking" then this is the place for them!

On the action-movie-parallel-satisfaction scale, Sahara Grill would be Arnold Schwarzenegger's Collateral Damage.
I'm a halal truck gal, but please trust me when I say Sahara is worth every bit of the extra $3 you'll spend here instead of a food cart!

The owner and server both asked me if I wanted a complimentary water or Turkish iced tea while I waited for my take-out order. I politely declined both times, but was very charmed by how welcomed they made me feel as a guest in their restaurant.

Now onto that sandwich.... I got the lamb shawarma. It was giant (probably 8 inches long!) and positively brimming with tender lamb, cool tzatziki, crunchy onions, and a few tangy pickles. Filling and delicious, and only about $8.

They don't mess around with the garlic and the onions though, so I'd recommend some tic tacs so your coworkers don't hate you after you've torn into your gorgeous sandwich lol!

Can't wait to try more here!
This place is so great.  It has become my standby for those nights when everyone goes, "I don't know, where do you wanna go?"  

As other Yelpers have mentioned, it's great for vegetarians and carnivores alike, although I always get meat.  It's so, so tasty.

The location is ideal (for me and most people that aren't afraid of the city), the service is speedy, and they keep the water coming.  The only thing that was weird about the service is that, while you ignore the fact that the bill is sitting on your table (yet unpaid), various servers and bussers will hover and lurk until you pay.  Maybe they've had issues with dashers in the past.

Also, the bathrooms are odd because instead of your typical gender-specific signs, one door has a little wooden angel on it, and the other had a little wooden teddy bear on it.  I usually opt for the angel room, but doubt there would be a problem if I went in the bear room.  Next time...
I came to Sahara Grill with a large group and the service was good.  I tried the Shawarma and it was tasty and inexpensive.  The Shawarma came with a salad, which your share, if you have a large group.
Coming here it was not clear if it was a full bar or BYOB.  After I came I realize It is BYOB and the liquor store is a few blocks away, which isn't bad.
We showed up on a whim and were greeted by the very kind owner, who waited on our table himself. The food was fantastic as was the service.
If for whatever reason you wondered where the Middle Eastern John Stamos worked, well this is the place. He just might be your waiter. He makes makes my mom coo and I didn't know if that was possible any more. But hold on, this place isn't just about some hot faux Stamos gawkin, the food is cooing induced as well. 

Start out with a glass of iced mint  Moroccan tea, then get belly up with the mixed grill. You have falafel, hummus, pita, lamb, chicken, beef, and some baklava to complete the meal. The mixed grill plates for two, come hungry and enjoy.
Came here for an impromptu dinner on a Saturday night with 4 other people. We were luckily seated within less than 5 min but were told that you need to make a reservation for 5+ people. Service was a little slow because it was busy; we had to ask to be served water and to be given utensils. However, our waiter was extremely kind and welcoming. 

I've come here a couple of times before and enjoyed my food every time. The platters are very filling and cheap ($12-$14 on average). This time I ordered the falafel Baba sandwich (falafel, eggplant, tomatoes, lettuce & tzaziki sauce). I made it Lebanese style (pickles & French fries) for $0.50 extra, but without the pickles. This was filling and delicious! The french fried in the sandwich were actually sliced potatoes and not french fries, but it still tasted good. 

I like that this restaurant has vegetarian options on the menu. There's three variations of the falafel sandwiches on the menu, a falafel platter, and a mixed veggies platter. Definitely coming back soon!
My hubby and I used to frequent this place almost every other week before the baby. Their food was always sooooo good. Meats were tender and the salads are delish. So it was hard to think that it had been three years since my last meal at there. Searching for a BYOB on Yelp, I came across this place and was extra anxious to return, especially since it has been consistently receiving good reviews over the past few years. Just went on Friday, and BOY it did not disappoint. The lamb kabobs were so tasty. The hummus and baba ganoush were among the greats. And the pita?? It definitely served it's purpose. The service though was ho hum. It wasn't extra attentive and cheesy, but they weren't rude, full o' 'tude, nor did they try to rush you. My gf and I could've sat all night and finished our bottle of wine if we didn't get a hankering for cappuccino. Ok, all-in-all, just go. Bring a bottle of wine, try the salad combo as an app, pick an entree (they're all pretty good), and enjoy.
I have been wanting to have some Middle Eastern food for a while and decided to finally wander into the Sahara Grill after work last night. I ordered Baba Ghanooj and Chicken taouk with mint tea.  The Bab Ghanooj had pretty good flavor and texture and the pita bread that came with it was fresh and moist. I would have liked to have some more pita bread, since I ended up with almost 1/2 a bowl of Baba Ghanooj.  The chicken taouk sandwich came in a pita bread wrap. Unfortunately it had a lot of iceberg lettuce stuffed in with the meat and stuffing.  The chicken meat did not have a lot of flavor to it as well.  I was disappointed to say the least. 

As for the service, it did take the waiter a while to take my order, which left my stomach rumbling.  The waiter and the cook had an argument at one point in an Arabic based language which did give some degree of authenticity. Still I would have rather had tasty food. 

In summary, bland food that isn't worth the price.
Came in for a lunch-time sandwich. SO GOOD.  I ordered the chicken shish sandwich. So big. So good. So yummy. So tender chicken!

I really like that you can sit down and eat with your own wine and what not or you could just chill and have a quick sandwich.  The place is not pretentious and it has some damn good food.  Also, to serve ~15 people is no joke all at once.

Good service. Great tasting food. BYOB. Definitely coming back again.
oh HELL yes!   

I can't believe I've not been to this place before yesterday.  I was hanging out watching soccerball with a drunk Man United supporting scum friend of mine and we did our  "been drinking let's get a curry" thing (only I was working and sober but still tradition is tradition).  We passed the Sahara Grill on the way to get us a curry and decided to stop in. 

Oh Man Oh Man Oh Man.  We both got stuffed vine leaves and a Shawarma sandwich.  The vine leaves were warm, which I thought made them taste a bit more like you're eating leaves but they were delish.    The Shawarma kebab though.  OMG OMG--sersiously haven't had something like that on this side of the ocean--reminded me of my mispent youth and late night Kebab runs in the garden of Mancunia.  It only would have been better if it was on Naan instead of Pita but I'm not complaining.  

All told we spent 16 bucks apiece for a fully satisfying meal.   How the hell did I not go in here before?
I was looking forward for some good middle Eastern food, but Sahara Grill was just mediocre.
When I stepped into the restaurant at around 1pm, nobody greeted me. It was my first time here and I wasn't sure if I was allowed to seat myself or not, so I stood by the entrance hoping to make eye contact with the waiter who was sitting in the back with an open laptop. He seemed to be pretty engrossed in his laptop, and so I gave up and sat myself. Still nothing. I thought I was doing something wrong, so I walked up to the waiter and then he finally told me, "If you're not taking out, just sit."
Pretty rude, I thought. But oh well. Maybe he was busy doing... taxes. I don't know.

So I ordered the Kafta Kabob when he finally decided to come over and hand me the menu. The food was just okay. My sandwich was overwhelmed with lettuce. Way too much. The ratio between lettuce and meat was probably something like 8:2, and I had to search for the meat amidst the crunchiness of the leaves. However,when I did find the meat, I realized that the meat was well seasoned, so it's pretty disappointing how they failed to be more generous with it.
I can't believe I just tried this place after working across the street for over a year. After scoping yelp for a place to score some falafel, I called in an order for a falafel sammie with hummus and feta cheese. I walked right over and within 5 minutes, my order was ready, $6.50.

My sandwich was STUFFED with amazing, delicious falafel and hummus. Never have I been so satisfied. Upon walking in the restaurant, it smells great and the staff is friendly. 

This is now my go-to spot for falafel. I'm so happy I found it!
This is halfway between a cafeteria and a sit-down restaurant.  There is decent seating and your food is brought out to your table but you order and pay at the counter.  There should probably be a sign stipulating that all orders are taken at the register otherwise they might wonder why there are customers sitting at tables looking around with confused looks.

Foodwise, this was just okay.  I got the chicken taouk platter, which came with salad, rice, pita, grilled vegetables, and 1 kebab for ~$13, including tax.  The chicken was adequately spiced but could have used a bit more sauce.  The rice was topped with some almonds, and was pretty good.  Salad was very bland and tasted like it had merely been spritzed with a tiny amount of lemon juice and olive oil and a scattering of spices - definitely could have used more of actual dressing.  The pita was...well, a pita, although I think that it would have gone nicely with some hummus.  The portion size is pretty small, and probably wouldn't have filled anyone besides me up.  Maybe if they added a kebab?

The restaurant itself is very clean, with an open kitchen, and the overall experience was adequate for a quick, inexpensive lunch place.  It's good for those of you searching for a traditional, middle eastern lunch without any twists.
Sahara Grill is unassuming in its decor, but it's a solid Middle Eastern/Mediterranean restaurant in Center City, Philadelphia. I've been here a half dozen times or so for sit down meals and another half dozen to pick up lunch orders.  First, they have the best, smoothest, rich hummus of all the restaurants I've visited.  It's $5 for the hummus and pita to go.  Try it, and you'll probably go back for more. 

As far as the food goes, I love their falafel sandwiches, baba ganouj, and kibbi (ground meat, pine nuts, and seasonings inside a crispy fried wheat shell.  The foul madames is like the hummus (atypical as the fava beans used to make it are typically whole in places like Egypt), and it's also tasty.  But, if you're looking for a full sized meal, you should try the chicken shish taouk or the shwarma.  Both are seasoned well and bring tons of flavor.  

The bottom line: I'll be back for the hummus definitely, and hopefully for a sit down dinner in the near future.
I've only had lunch here, but each time the food has been really good.  The manager is also a really nice guy, we talk every time I stop by. The restaurant is a decent size with booths lined up along the walls and some tables in the middle. I've eaten in the dining room a couple of times, but I usually just get a falafel to-go.
I ate at Sahara Grill over the weekend, and it was decent enough. Not the best Middle Eastern food I've had, but it was good. Our waiter catered well to my gluten-free needs. He confirmed that there was no wheat or flour in the sauces and marinades in my dish, and because the rice was mixed with wheat vermicelli, he instead substituted fries, which he also confirmed to be gluten-free.

The chicken schawarma I ordered was tasty enough, but nothing spectacular. The chicken was well cooked, though I couldn't really taste many of the spices that were supposed to be on it. The sesame yogurt sauce for the chicken was really nice, though (I'm not exactly sure what it was called, but it tasted similar to tzatziki, albeit warm instead of cold). The grilled vegetables--peppers and zucchini--were actually my favorite part of the meal. The fries were standard. I doubt they were handmade on premises--they looked pre-packaged. They tasted good when dipped in the sesame yogurt sauce, though.

While I would go back here again to try something else (maybe a beef or lamb dish), I'm not in any particular rush to do so. It's worth mentioning that their dessert "menu" consists of nothing but a small piece of baklava (which I couldn't try, of course, since it's made with wheat flour), so this isn't the place to go to if you're looking for a variety of sweets after your meal.
I'm not really sure where to even start because there were so many good points about Sahara Grill but let's begin by stating that their food is really delicious. Their hummus with ground lamb and pine nuts is AMAZING! The bowl was wiped clean with pita bread; it was that good. 

For an entree I ordered the mixed grill because I really wanted to try everything and everything was fantastic. One thing I need to point out especially is that I appreciate that they didn't hold back on seasoning/spices. At least here in Orlando, the majority of the Lebanese places offer bland food that cater to the American palette, why? Why hold back on making something truly stand out? The people here at Sahara understand this, and the food shines because of it.

They are BYOB; enough said.

The waiter/waitress were so attentive and kind, they really made us feel welcome.

The prices are awesome, especially when you consider how much food you're getting, and when you compare to what other restaurants on Walnut street charge per plate. 

I would absolutely make it a point to eat here if I'm ever in Philly again; it was truly a great dining experience.
They lied about fresh pita here. The newspaper article outside claimed they served fresh oven baked. I asked the lady. She claims she does not speak English but apparently also stated, in English, that the pita was fresh.  Fresh from the bag that is.

The food is anyway horrible. Atmosphere is bad, and the service is worse. The fellow who took our order reeked of smoke, and the woman who served me (who lied earlier) who "could not speak English" was rude. If I had the opportunity I would not return.
Almost all of the negative comments are from foodies trying to show show off. Me and my wife having been coming here for ages and we've never had a bad meal.
I love Sahara Grill. I go there at least once per week for lunch. It's just a small Lebanese restaurant on Walnut St, right off of Broad. The food is all economically priced, and is extremely fresh. My favorite is the Middle Eastern Sampler. Hummus, Baba ghanoush, pita, olives, tabouli, and more! 

This is a wonderful place to have a health meal, and can be a fresh breath from the standard salad.
For you California folks, this reminds me of La Med in SF/Berkeley and Rosine's in Anaheim Hills.

We were one of two parties when we entered, but this was at 2:30 on a Sunday afternoon (football games, anyone?). This was in no way indicative of the food quality, which was sooo good. I ordered the kafta kabob entree, while my fiance ordered the Shawarma sandwich, both after some baba gannouj (my favorite). I didn't try his sandwich, but I made him try my kabob, to which he said mine was better. SCORE!

I could rave about how amazing the food is, but I suggest you go and try it yourself! :)
My boyfriend and I absolutely fell in love with this quaint, undiscovered restaurant. We went on a Saturday evening and the restaurant was not even close to busy. The menu was fairly inexpensive, as lebonese food should be, but they have a great dinner deal for 2. Two complete dinners for $50. The service was impeccable and the food was delivered to the table in record time. Our favorite dishes were the hummus, baba ganoush, and the falafel. I am not a falafel fan, but their's is fantastic. It's a BYOB, but they will provide you with cute little wine glasses. This is now our favorite restaurant! ;)
I don't know how I lived in Philadelphia for over two years never having been to this place, but I recently tried Sahara for dinner for the first time and have a new favorite for middle easten food in Philadelphia!   Wonderful service, very reasonable prices (2 plates + diet coke + tip was $30), and very satisfying portions. 

 My companion and I couldn't decide--the bottom line was that she wanted hummus--so we decided to share two plates.  One was a chicken kabob dish that came with grilled veggies, salad, and herbed rice, the other was a falafel platter that came with hummus, tahini, raita-like yogurt, salad, and lots of pita.

We were blown away.  The salad was delicious--it was mixed with what had to be a mix of lemon juice and drizzle of olive oil and some herbs, but it was definitely fresh and not heavy at all.  Both platers were delicious, and their falafel is some of the best I've tried in Philly.  There was more than enough food, to the point that we didn't even touch the rice.    

And even though we left stuffed, we didn't feel gross or heavy afterwards since the food wasn't greasy (not even the falafel).  This place definitely left an impression because my sister and I couldn't shut up about how yummy dinner was at the movie we went to that night, or even at brunch the next day.

Will definitely go back.  It's apparently BYOB, so I guess I'll be packing wine then as well  :)
Great service, great food, great prices.  Totally unfussy, quick, and delish.  Love it!

PS. The waiter here is a hottie!!
The food was good! We had spinach and mushroom pie, Chicken Shawarma and Chicken Shish Taouk with mint tea. The place looks authentic, but probably needs some deep cleaning. The flowers on the table were dead and dried for a long time. Could be the affect of the pandemic, the place looked short staffed.  Once everything goes back to normal, I think a cleaner look would do great for this restaurant and food already is pretty decent.
I cannot tell you enough how much I love this restaurant. It doesn't look like much from the outside, but when you walk in you are greeted by pounding Middle Eastern music, delicious scents and friendly staff. And that's just the beginning. 

This is my go-to restaurant, perfect for any occasion. The key to Sahara Grill (as, in my opinion, most restaurants), is ordering "right." Start your meal with the fool and hummus. Mix them. Yum. These come with delicious pita, and a tasty, simple salad of cucumbers, tomatoes, parsley, salad and a delicious dressing. I usually also order their lemonade- it is delicious. Their iced tea is nice too. 

Then the star of the show: chicken shish taouk. WOW this is delicious! It is melt-in-your-mouth tender, char grilled and spiced to perfection and finished with an incredible garlic aioli. This is served with grilled vegetables (usually squash and tomatoes) cooked in the same manner, and a delicious rice pilaf topped with toasted almonds. This is one of the top five best meals in Philadelphia.

Warning: every time I have deviated from the chicken shish taouk platter I have been disappointed. I am not saying that their other entrees are not good; they just aren't as mind-blowingly fantastic as the shish taouk. Even the chicken shish taouk sandwich pales in comparison. If you are going to have a sandwich, get the hummus sandwich (they will make it for you when you get to the restaurant so it isn't soggy by the time you get back to your office). It is tasty, for sure. But if you want to be blown away, seriously, order the shish taouk platter. You will not be disappointed.
Five stars best middle eastern food I've eaten in a long time. We were greeted and welcomed when my daughter and I walked in. I've never been to philly, my daughter took me to this restaurant. The food is impeccable . We had the shawerma sandwiches with fries. the fries had a amazing onions jalapeño  spread and to top it off a garlic dip it was the best. We also recommend the sweets. highly recommend this place.
Good hummus but everything else is just ok. 

I came here for lunch with Alejandro. He likes the place so I thought I would try. There is plenty of seating so we didn't have trouble getting a seat at 12:30. 

We ordered the mixed grill and lamb sandwiches, both Lebanese style. I debated between the chicken and lamb; should have gone with chicken. Like the falafel reviewer, there was hardly any meat in my sandwich. The meat was tough too. I had a piece of chicken from Alejandro's sandwich and it was very moist and flavorful. We also got a hummus plate for an appetizer. The pita was not fresh; kind of tough actually. 

The service is good but slow. The place is definitely well worn like other have mentioned. 

I would recommend more meat in the sandwiches for sure!

Next time: I'll be getting chicken.
The beau and I were looking for a place to grab a relatively quick bite before heading down to a show at the Wells Fargo Center. Both of our Yelp apps lead us here. We must follow the stars...or at least our technology. 

It's definitely a home down kind of place, obviously family run, shabby cozy, and filled with a lot of love. Our servers greeted us warmly and, upon ordering, gave us a green salad to split and a delicious basket of pita bread. This was extremely delicious pita too; a little flatter than expected, but still doughy and rich in bready flavor. It was almost comforting. As for the entrees, I went with the falafel and hummus sandwich with feta. I'm used to my falafel sandwiches being served stuffed inside of a round of pita, so I was a bit surprised when a foot long sandwich wrapped in foil appeared in front of me. In the end, I found that to be a preferable method of eating a pita sandwich; not everything was shooting out of the end of the pita by the end like it usually does with a round pita pocket. We also got the kafta kabob, which was tender and flavorful. I loved the rice that came with it as well. 

It was a delicious meal at a good price. Only $23 for dinner? I gladly picked up the check on that one. Ha!
Yum! This place was great! Decided on this place for lunch after reading the other reviews on Yelp of this place and it was a great find! We wanted a quick sit down restaurant that didn't break the bank and this met our requirements! We started with the baba ghanoush and it was delicious. I will mention that everything on the menu we tried was pretty heavy on the garlic so we left feeling like we needed to eat an entire pack of gum. I had the chicken shwarma sandwich Lebanese style (with french fries inside)! I thought it was good, but I wasn't a huge fan of the meat. My sister got the greek salad with chicken and thought it was great. My dad got the falafel and baba ghanoush sandwich and loved it. My mom got the lamb kabob sandwich and was happy with it also! I like that the menu is simple and focused. This place would be great but also wonderful for takeout - I wish I lived closer so that I could get it more often!
Great work lunch spot. The actual restaurant needs updating. It really is such a hole in the wall. It has so much potential. The food is good. I had one bad experience out of the many times I've been there - and avoided that particular food again (kibbeh kept coming out frozen). The chicken salad is my favorite and I pick it up for lunch often. I appreciate that I can call in my order for take out.
Good first trip to Sahara Grill. Arrived around 7pm on a Friday night before a show at Walnut Street Theatre. The restaurant seats a good amount of people, and it wasn't too crowded when we got there, but it definitely filled up closer to 7:45-8pm. 

The appetizer we tried were the stuffed grape leaves (~$6), and I wasn't as big a fan as my wife was. Decent portion, comes with four, but I doubt I would order them again because they lacked flavor.

For entrees, we tried the lamb and shrimp kabobs (~$15/each), and these were much better. They don't skimp on the portion size and let you choose to sub out the rice for a few other side options (hummus, extra salad, fries, etc.). They provided a few slices of pita with the salad, and there was enough food for a small takeout box. I'll likely order one of these again and try something new on my next visit!

Very kind staff, and we were in/out in less than 45 minutes.
My Middle Eastern friends know I love their typical foods, so they took me to this place saying it is legit. 
I cannot evaluate how legit their food is, but I can say I had a delicious experience. 
I have been there more than once and there are some highlights:
- Hummus with meat: it is not your standard packaged hummus.. it is so fresh! And topped with ground lamb to make it even better. The best!
- Baba Gannouj: my second favorite spread (It is eggplant based) 
- Mixed grill: good choice if it is your first time! You get a taste of everything. 
I personally find it hard to choose a meat every time I go. I have tried them all. The Chicken Shish, Shawarma platter and Lamb Kabob are probably my favorites. 
The rice that comes with the meats is so flavorful. You can taste the variety of spices in there. Delicious!
I was really excited to finally get the chance to go to Sahara Grill this past weekend, and was not at all disappointed. I went with a group and everybody liked their order. My sister and one of my friends got the beef kabob, which they claim was top-notch (I don't eat meat, so can't say myself), and the accompanying rice was made the traditional way with thin noodles and seasoning; very tasty, if a bit heavy on the salt. 

I ordered the grape leaf platter, which was surprisingly good. It's generally hard to find restaurants that serve good grape leaves, but the ones at Sahara are pretty decent. As other have said, the hummus is AMAZING, as is the baba ghannouj. Two thumbs up for the tabbouleh, too. Most places either get lazy and don't chop the parsley finely enough, or just don't add enough oil, lemon and salt, but this tabbouleh was really fantastic and extremely flavorful. A friend ordered the mjaddarah (rice and lentils with sauteed onions), which was also quite well done and full of yummy spices. 

And then the falafel. MY GOODNESS was the falafel scrumptious! And that brings me to the service. I'm surprised to read that others had sub-par service experiences, because the gentleman who served us (I'm guessing the owner) was incredibly nice. He made a Middle Eastern carbonated yogurt drink (dukh) for my two friends himself since what they wanted wasn't on the menu, and when our falafel orders got lost in the shuffle of trying to serve all the people trying to break fast (this was the last day of Ramadan), he gave us all a piece of (excellent) baklava for free to make up for the trouble. Definitely going back!
Looooooooooooooooved how nice people are outside of NY. Food was plentiful and reasonably priced. Staff was so friendly and helpful. It was walking distance from our apartment. Very conveniently located spot.
If you're looking for great Mediterranean food in Center City check this place out! The food is excellent! I dined here with a group of friends and we all ordered different dishes -- chicken, lamb, falafel, hummus -- and everything was delicious! The food is fresh and portion sizes are large and filling. The place has a homey intimate feel -- great place for a cozy quiet dinner!
I was born and raised in Saudi Arabia and my quest to find authentic arabic/ Turkish cuisine was never fulfilled up until I entered Sahara grill. The chicken shawarma is bang on ! Loved the mint tea and the meat hummus was superb! I've stayed in the area for a few years now but never went to Sahara grill because the exterior and interiors for that matter are kind of old. They could use a makeover. Service was good ( but we did go at 6pm) it would be interesting to see them during rush hours. 
Loved the seasoned fries too. 
Too bad they don't deliver !
I've been coming here for years and the food is always delicious, and the service is great.  Since COVID19 began, I've been getting take-out at least once a week.  My favorites are the Felafel sandwich on whole wheat pita with tahini and hummus, and the Chicken Kebab platter.  All of the standard middle eastern dishes are all excellent.  But they also have some things not found everywhere, which I really love.  One is the Foul Moudames (ground fava beans), which is a delicious warm flavorful dip - its similar to hummus but different.  The other is the Labneh, which is an unbelievably rich and smooth thick yogurt dip.  Now with COVID, I get take-out all the time and its always great - this is a real neighborhood gem!
food: rockin.
anytime meat is grilled on a stick, i kinda like the place.
anytime it's byob...well, that's even better.
the pita here is the thick and not warmed up kind (like effies...mmm...)
and the service?  well...my plate was half full, and i'm busy talking to my friend...and they took my plate away without asking me.
um, what?
and they gave us the check without asking us if we wanted anything else.  i mean, what if i wanted the mint tea and baklava?  apparently, it was not for me that night.
5 stars for the YUMMIEST CRISPIEST FRIES!!!!! I can still taste them in my mouth!!!! sooo soooo sooooooooooo good

I ordered the mussaka - i liked the meat and the eggplant but didn't enjoy the rice or the gravy that came with it too much.

My friend ordered a platter, which had babaganoush and hummus, amongst other things, and both were super yummy!!!!!

I'll go back specially for the fries!!!!! so so sooooo good
I'm a big fan of their Kafta Kabob platter. Although it is a bit inconsistent at times I find the meat to be perfectly cooked where the meat is juicy and moist whereas other times the meat is dry and overcooked. I feel that they never go wrong with the grilled veggies that come with it, its always delicious. The rice that comes in the platter has sliced pieces of almonds in it, which gives it a nice crunchy touch to the rice. I love getting their chutney to top off my kabob it gives the kabob that extra kick. Their pita bread seems to be store bought...and even the few times we ordered take out they would just put the pita bread in the packaging they bought it in. So most definitely the pita bread is not made in-house. Overall a great place to go, and I love their portions always enough for leftovers.
Yikes. Sooo mediocre.  Salad had a piece of garbage in it. Literally, a tomato vine with a price sticker on it. In the salad!  Mish qais! Really half-hearted, no effort, I-give-up-and-have-no-more-passion-for-food level of quality.  Kibbeh was rock hard. Entrees served with giant plop of rice (to cut down on food cost?).  Middle eastern food is one of my favorite cuisines, but seriously I'd rather eat prepackaged hummus at home than come here again.
I absolutely love this place!  My dad always said that one way to judge whether an ethnic restaurant makes good food or not is to see whether or not people of that ethnicity eat there.  Every time I come in here, there are plenty of Middle Eastern families, groups of friends and couples eating, and the food is amazing.  It's completely unpretentious, and inexpensive considering the quality of food.  Everything is flavorful and the waiter is so cute!  I was surprised to find such a great little family restaurant in the middle of center city, but I'm so glad it's there.
My boyfriend and i discovered this gem on a random search for lunch! Let me start by saying the food is  excellent! Fresh high quality ingredients! The atmosphere is casual and has a "family" flavor.  Friendly warm and welcoming! The decor is nice the music " sexy" and calming! 
     I would recommend this shop even to those who are not familiar with Middle Eastern cuisine.  Try the hummus with meat! It's delicious and the presentation was unique!  If i could give the sahara another star , i would!
Ok food. Prices are high. Place needs a good cleaning. One of the workers was telling me he knows me from somewhere or that i look familar? Weird. To many other and better places to make me ever wanna come back here.
Best shawarma chicken I ever haaad ! 
The fries with onions and jalapeños is the bomb
I have to agree with most of the other 3 star reviews by other Yelpers. Sahara Grill was neither memorable or problematic. It was OK, nothing more, nothing less.

The service was very good however. There were only a couple of other tables and everyone was extremely polite. The restaurant's space in clean but nondescript and generic.

We had a few dishes, Baba ghanoush, the mixed grill. Shawarma and grilled shrimp. Maybe we have been spoiled by some of the Mid Eastern restaurants in New Brunswick or Star Manti in Riverside but nothing was really special. The serving sizes were good and the spices interesting but we were hoping for something more.
This is an economical but very tasty middle eastern restaurant. The food is authentic and the waitstaff is extremely friendly.

We ordered the Combo appetizer (baba ganoush, olives, hummus, feta, marinated eggplant, carrots, etc.) for the table. Everything was great, but the baba ganoush was exceptional, by baba ganoush standards. 

The Kafta Kabob, Falafal Hummus and Shawarma (lamb) were superb. 

The only reason this didn't get a 5 star is that the waitstaff and kitchen were so enthusiastic that they delivered everything all at once. They didn't give us time to get through the Combo platter before the table was overflowing with plates and it felt too rushed. 

The owner (or at least he acted that way) was attentive the whole time and came over to talk to us at the end about how the couscous from Algeria is different than the couscous from Morocco.

This isn't high end dining, but it's very good value and you'll leave feeling quite satisfied
We were in the Arts district and looking for dinner. Yelp to the rescue. Because of the area - there are many a steakhouse and other pricey options in this neighborhood. We wanted something a little more casual and not so expensive.

Sahara totally did the trick. It's a pretty small place, but I knew from the moment we walked it we were in a good location as there was a large group of middle eastern teenagers just hanging out. Another group came in while we were eating.

It says "home cooking" on their sign and I believe it - the food was absolutely delicious, and probably the most authentic I have had. The hummus was so good, very smokey. I got chicken and couscous and it was so yummy! 

Decor wise it was average - totally acceptable but nothing to write home about. Only four stars because the service was a little slow, and inattentive. They never asked us how the food was - not once, not even a the end of the meal. So four starts. We would definitely go back!
Food was good, service was ok, atmosphere was poor.

trans friendly- I could aticipate problems but experienced none
Philadelphia is an amazing town. What makes it amazing is its culture, love for arts and amazing variety of foods available. 

On my recent trip to discover Philadelphia I came across Sahara. It was late and I decided to take the meal home to share with my family. I ordered Kibeh, Falafel, Hummus, Kafta Kabab and Beef Shawarma with rice and salads. The person who took my order was friendly and told me it will be about ten minutes.

I waited outside the restaurant and took some pictures of the downtown area and a man playing his saxophone on a street corner. The weather was beautiful and the evening was just right. I picked up my food, stopped a cab and went back to the apartment I was renting in Chinatown. The ride took about 5 minutes.

The food was hot and fresh. The Hummus was really good. Falafels were hot and fresh. (This won me over as most of the restaurants who sell falafel sell some reheated, refried version and that really sucks!).  Kafta kababs were tender and moist. The only thing I didnt like was probably Kibeh but everything else was made to the order and tasted very fresh. I would probably give them 5 stars if they had fresh bread as some mid-eastern restaurants do. My order came up with a bag of store-bought pita bread. 

Overall, great food, great location, great service.
I went here by myself for dinner. Service was consistent, but the food did not meet my expectations.
Here is what I got: 

Spicy lentil soup was too watery; if I hadn't known, I couldn't have guessed the soup had lentil in it.

The mixed grill sandwich was okay--and it's dramatically less expensive than the platter. I wish all the kebabs were on top of pita, with a small salad on the side, so that it added more excitement to the Middle Eastern cuisine experience.
3.5 atars for food - I gave it 3 - because it's just not THAT wonderful.  I had eggplant salad and a falafel platter.  Good - but not as good as Mama's.  Will elaborate more later. (Pressed for time.)
3.5 stars. I got take out. The service was fast and friendly. The humus was heavenly...buttery texture, tangy and bright. Nice presentation too. The chicken fatush salad was standard although the addition of grilled zucchini was a pleasant surprise. The salad was dressed lightly with olive oil and a mild dried spice blend. I would order it again but it's nothing special. I'll definitely go back for the humus...it is just wonderful!
Hands down best middle eastern food in town!! Friendly family owned authentic food and the owner is very down to earth, he made sure that we were taken care of. We had a little chat and it was clear that he is very passionate about his establishment. I am from the Middle East and the kefta here is just as good as the kefta I had in Lebanon.
This is our go to place for fresh lebanese food. The best dish on the menu is actually several: the combination of appetizers and grilled meats. Its about $50 for 2 people  but so worth it.  The yogurt drinks are also very good.
Verdict : Shut up and go eat their shawarma! 

The place is clean and the prices for the sandwiches are good. It's filling and tastes great. Service was nice and the food came out quick!
I went to the Sahara Grill today for lunch. I had the Chicken Shish Taouk, which was grilled chicken, garlic, lemon, olive oil, Tahini sauce, spices, and some other veggies. It was excellent. The chicken was done just right and was crammed full of flavor. The spice blend used in the sandwich was also pretty awesome.

The food seems reasonably-priced, but the portions are a little on the small side, at least in my opinion. The service left a little to be desired, as it seemed pretty slow at times. I'm going to give them the benefit of the doubt though and assume that it was a combination on understaffing and the lunchtime rush.

Overall, definitely worth a visit. I myself will definitely be returning.
All of the dishes here are delicious, prepared well and the ingredients are fresh. Every time I come, I order something different and I'm always pleased with my meal. The service is quick and friendly too!
Three stars only because I have yet to branch out beyond the delicious hummus. 

This place is around the corner from my job and when I need a quick snack, I go right to Sahara for some hummus and pita. You can tell that it's freshly made and they always drizzle it with some olive oil before packing it up so I can take it back to the office.  They're also very generous with giving me some extra pita slices.
This is a great little place to go for some really good Middle Eastern Cuisine. It's located on Walnut Street, right next to Broad, so it's also in a great location.

I've eaten here only twice, and once I got one of their chicen and rice dishes, the other time I got the sandwich with lamb, chicken, and beef. Both meals were suberb, and I even got my sandwich "Lebanese" style, which included french fries inside the sandwich!

The restaurant is BYOB, and it is rather small which means Fridays and Saturdays I am sure it gets packed. But anyone interested in trying something outside of the norm, come here and you won't be sorry.
We had a nice lunch at Sahara Grill on Forth of July.  Quick service, friendly and good food. We were very happy.
My son and I checked in for dinner on Tuesday and were VERY happy with the food and service.  I had the lamb with couscous and my son had the falafel platter.  We were impressed with the food and the personable service of who we assumed was the owner.  My lamb was tender and the couscous was flavorful and my Temple University sophomore said it was way better than the falafel truck he visits on campus.  While that recommendation may work for some I will say that the falafel was was crunchy on the shell on so very light and tender inside that I will probably hold it as the gold star of what I will now compare falafel to in the fair and grand city of Philadelphia.
Went to Sahara Grill for lunch and based on all the Yelp recommendations, I tried the Chicken Shish Taouk. It didn't disappoint! Savory chicken, light sauce and fresh lettuce and tomato. This is an easy place to meet a friend or business associate for a quick, inexpensive, informal lunch. They also have booths for a more formal dining experience, and you can make reservations ahead of time. Nothing about my first experience blew me away but I was satisfied and will come back again and try something more adventurous off of their dinner menu.
I would give this more stars but for me service is a part of the deal too! Its really tasty and I always go back, but no free refills on the ice tea, and they drop the food and go watch TV. The falafel, feta, hummus sandwich was so grubs, I dream about it. The lentil soup is really good too. I could go on and on about how good the food is. Maybe if the  service was a little more friendly I would bump it up a notch. IT's a definite must go for MIddle east and super clean inside...
Babaganoush: excellent, hummus: good, tabbouleh : OK, Grapes leaves: OK, kibbeh: OK. Service: weird
We were a large party, but place was empty. It seemed there was some trick in extracting food from the kitchen and the russian (?) accented girl actually copped an attitude over my numerous, but otherwise polite requests. When you bring dip, you bring pita bread, right? Seems like a no-brainer. Why not bring extra? Bread is cheap, no need to be stingy with it. Shaking my head.
Came on a Tuesday at 7pm and the small halal restaurant was only about half full, so there was no problem accommodating our table for 7.

I split the appetizer combo and grilled meats entree with a friend. Nothing special to write home about, honestly just an average experience that ive had at similar places. The pita for the apps were not freshly made and standard ones that you can buy at the store. I was disappointed by the amount of meat on the entree: 2 pieces of chicken, 2 pieces of steak, and 1 finger sized kebab. Hardly enough to split. Though the garlic sauce that came on the rice was a nice addition.

The service was mediocre. The waiters only came to the table to deliver and take away our plates. When we got our waters, we got them once and never had our cups refilled again. 

There are many other places to go for better food in philly, and I won't be looking to come back again
I really like coming here when I want some sit down middle eastern near my apt. The food is fresh, tasty and never disappointing. Never had a problem with service either! It'll continue to be a place I frequent.
The food is good overall. They are trying to fill their main dishes with vegetables and rice. This is not a vegetarian restaurant! 4 to 5 piece of meat you can find in your whole dish! The rest is veggies!! 
We were 4 people and and we ordered Middle Eastern combos. It was delicious but just ONE! Felafel and ONE dolma for 4 of us!  The ladies room was not clean! Forks,knives and glass were very OLD and looks not clean. Just one waiters for entire restaurant and she was pushing us for order to go to other tables!!
I don't like to be the dissenter here but I have experienced much better than Sahara Grill.

Let's begin with the nomenclature.  When A restaurant declares itself "Middle Eastern," they really mean, "Pan-Middle Eastern," as the former could be used to describe Israeli, Egyptian, Moroccan, Algerian, Yemeni, etc.   We need to be specific here.

Now for the food.  Having worked in a "Middle Eastern" eatery before, I was delighted to see the selection was extensive enough (baba ghanoush, hummus, falafels platters, kebobs of different sorts, and tabouleh salad).  The salad I was given as a pre-meal course was loaded with vinegar and possibly (how could I tell, so much vinegar) oriental spices.  This usually occurs to divert the taste away from the aged and flavorless lettuce used.  I had lamb kebobs which came with rice (also spiced up), which were tasty but not worth $11.00.  I believe that they were undercooked by a minute.  The pita which they serve with oil was so dry and not warmed up did not fascinate me.

And now for the decor.  This establishment has so much potential in the decor area that I really felt like dropping the name of an interior designer to the manager on shift in hopes that they would re-vamp the dining area.  Tacky designs on the booths' cloth did not add to the "Middle-Eastern" experience I was hoping for.  The lamps were a great addition and so were the traditional "Middle Eastern" musical instruments on the walls, to which the paintings of women dancing *could* have been hung with greater proximity to give the idea of a "chill" atmosphere.  Also, the paintings themselves were too small to distinguish.

All in all, I will go again to try the hummus/baba ganoush falafel platter.  My recommendation is to go to Sahara Grill for a lunch on a work day but do not bring a date there for dinner.
My business colleague and I were looking for a different type of restaurant for dinner while in town for a conference. We found the Sahara Grill on Yelp and decide to try it. I had the Greek salad, steak kabob and hummus and he had the lamb. Everything was excellent and the service was top notch. The team at the Sahara Grill went out of their way to ensure our needs were met and exceeded. 

We will definitely come back when we travel to Philly!
I have visited this place multiple times now - For dine in and pickup. All the while introducing it to more and more people each time for their tender Chicken Kabobs!

Like any other Mediterranean place they get you started on the complimentary salad and pita bread while you are waiting for your food. Salad is quite refreshing and light.

They have the best Chicken Shish Taouk entree in the area. The Chicken kabob is tender and easily melts in the mouth. I love the grilled vegetables(zucchini and squash) and also the spiced rice for its flavor and moistness. Almost forgot to mention the garlic butter. This entree has everything to make me happy!

I have also tried their Mixed grill entree which has different meats- Chicken, Lamb, Kafta and Beef. The flavor of Beef and Lamb was ok but a little tougher and chewy than I prefer. Definitely not the best I have had.

I would also like to mention not liking their falafel which was undercooked and raw in the center. I would not order it again. Go to Naf Naf grill or Mama's Vegetarian for good falafel.

Currently they do not have an online order/delivery service. Hoping they start soon.
Sahara Grill is wonderful - their hummus spreads and pitas are delicious - practically everything comes with a yummy, crisp salad - and the price is very reasonable. My favorite is the rice that comes with most meals - I don't know what they put in it, but it's one of the best flavor combinations I've tasted in my life, seriously. I had the mixed grilled the last time I ate there (chicken, lamb, and kafta, grilled "over the gentle heat" with fresh veggies and served with rice) and it was incredible. I can't speak highly enough of this place - it's definitely one of my favorite restaurants in Center City.
The food here is very good. The hummus is delicious, as others have noted. I've gotten the chicken shish touk in the sandwich as well as the platter and it is divine, tender, juicy, flavorful. When comparing sahara grill to leila cafe, I would have to say the food at sahara is better, the service is average though.
I don't know how a four star place can receive so many recent bad reviews, I guess it's a sign that the place is deteriorating but at the same time this place had been there for years and only garnered 54 reviews?

I have patronized the place years ago and when I returned last night, the place seemed a lot brighter than I remembered. My boyfriend and I arrived to an early Friday night crowd which pretty much packed the place. The place looks bright, colorful and clean. I loved the middle eastern music in the background. What's questionable is the service.

There seemed to be a waitress who is handling most of the restaurant and a waiter/manager who was handling our table and a few nearby but choose to disappear for most of the night. After waiting for the waiter to come take our order, I asked for water. After going through the ordered appetizers, we were still waiting. And after asking the waitress for it, she returned 10 minutes later with one glass, and it's not until we asked for a second glass and waited for 10 more minutes that she returned with it. Asking for the check was also a hassle and a waiting game. I considered leaving without paying and she will probably not noticed or too busy to chase us down. My boyfriend gave me this line for the review: "The service left us DESERTed at Sahara Grill." Ba Dum Ching!

Horrible service aside, the food here wasn't bad. Between the two of us, we shared a hummus, one order of falafel and shared a mixed grill platter. Flavor-wise, I've had way better hummus and the pita bread that comes with it is rather stale and tough. I've also had better falafels but it's really not at all bad. I would prefer them to be slightly crispier but I didn't mind it much. With the salad that comes with an entree, we were having fun making pita pockets with hummus and falafel. The mixed grill came with flavored rice, a few pieces of chicken shish taouk, a few pieces of beef shish kabob and a long piece of kafta kabob. The meats are all excellent, I especially like the chicken and the beef shish kabob. Juicy and well seasoned, can't ask for more than that. 

We ordered a mango with yogurt drink as well as a yaron yogurt drink. The yaron is salty and strong in yogurt flavors, it's a bit of an acquired taste even after adding some sugar. The mango yogurt is rich and if there's a do over, I probably won't add the yogurt to it, since the mango flavor ended up too diluted for my taste.

One great thing about this place though, it's that it is very affordable and I can see myself returning even knowing that the service was subpar. Honestly the waitress will need someone else to help her at the end of the night her hair was already all disheveled serving 20 tables on her own while her counterpart is nowhere to be found but then I was reminded that it's not my problem, whatever the reason is, bad service is bad service.
In town for vball trny and seen this restaurant while walking to Go Popcorn the night before.  

Happy they were open today.  What great food and service.  Highly recommend!
Showed up on a Sunday afternoon and this place was EMPTY, but I could see how it'd be crowded on a weekday lunch. Service was prompt and the food was fantastic! Reminds me of the other great Mediterranean restaurants I've eaten at. The kafta (ground sirloin) was juicy and flavorful while their shawarma "sandwich" was more like a good sized burrito (ended up bringing half of it home for dinner). 

All in all, great restaurant, great surroundings, and prompt service. I'd definitely come here again, and its location is perfect for me.
The food here is not authentic. It is really bad. The food was just not fresh and bread was stale. I highly recommend not to go here.
Really good falafel for the area, and a variety of other tasty dishes. My favorite is the mixed grill, they are not afraid to get some saffron in the mix, which is clutch in those crucial lunchtime situations. Bonus points for a light pita/wrap that doesn't detract from the flavor of sandwich or fall apart while you are eating it.

Only downside is gloomy staff and some things being a bit pricey on the menu.
This place is a gem. 

First of all, BYOB. 

Second, the food is fantastic. It's fresh, flavorful, and makes you close your eyes to savor the flavor kind-of-good. 

The staff is warm and welcoming and treats you like you are a welcome friend and/or neighbor. 

A big thank you to Joe and Mike for making our experience so enjoyable and memorable. 

I would highly recommend to anyone!
Sahara Grill is very delicious and the food is of great quality. The prices are fair, as well as the portions. I recommend you come when you want a great meal.
I really enjoy this place. I've been three times now. It's usually a little slow and the owners are super accommodating and friendly. The perfect place to bring a bottle of wine, order a lot of relatively inexpensive food, and sit for a few hours to catch up. It isn't loud or pretentious and you're able to really focus on your dinner dates.
Wonderful food! The Greek salad with chicken was delicious and filling. 

That is all I want to say but Yelp insists I make this longer than needed.  No need to keep reading. 

I would definitely come back.
Absolutely fantastic restaurant and the owner is a very good man. I often work in Philly and need spots for lunch and this is now in the regular rotation. Have not disliked a single thing I have ordered including the steak which I was hesitant
About. But the cut was great and it was seasoned and cooked to perfection.
Got some food from here other night, the mixed grill entree with chicken beef and lamb. Made to order and fresh! My boyfriend was raving about how nice and friendly the owner/chef was we went back to today for dessert after lunch elsewhere to get more baklava and this custard called "Lebanese nights"It's delicious. Great place to get authentic tasty middle eastern cuisine and the restaurant itself is very nice inside for a casual date!
We called in to place an order for a pickup. The ordering process was pretty seamless and the food was ready by the time we arrived.
We ordered a Falafel Hummus Pita Sandwich and a Lamb Shawarma Sandwich Lebanese style. The falafel was fresh, the lamb was flavorful and tender and the hummus was on point! But sadly, we weren't too impressed with the pita. The pita wasn't fresh and did not taste like it was baked at the restaurant. 
But overall, we enjoyed our sandwiches and would recommend you get your sandwiches Lebanese style as well (it results in a grilled sandwich that is stuffed with fries and pickles).
Excellent, authentic middle eastern food. Friendly staff. Would highly recommend. Prices are also very reasonable.
The food is absolutely delicious! Best chicken shawarma I had in years! Their falafel pita sandwich/wrap is really good too. They fill these to the rim! This is AUTHENTIC Arabic food. And customer service is top notch.
It is a shame the way they treat women and minorities. I visited this place with my daughter and her partner on my last day in Philadelphia before they left me at the airport. We didn´t get the chance to even order as we were treated so badly. There were free tables and we waited to be seated. One employee saw us and ignored us. He went back and forth by our side seeing us but ignoring us. Eventually, I asked if they were open and serving and the man answered affirmatively. So we decided to seat by ourselves and wait to be served. He came and brought the menu but pay no further attention to us. We patiently waited and waited. Finally, we stood up and left the place. I think they disrespected us for being women, Latina, and queer. May 2019.
