DELIVERY REVIEW ONLY - never ate in the restaurant.
Super-speedy delivery ($1.25 charge, $10 minimum) which is 5 star - but the quality, as I feared, is not superb.  Maybe I am just spoiled by Vic's and Doma.

That said I am so glad there is finally a non-pizza, non-Chinese place in the area.
We got a yellowtail scallion roll, yellowtail nigiri (not great), spicy crunchy salmon roll (also not so great - not terribly spicy),  TheCrazy Tuna roll was impressiv looking ($11.95)but the tuna on top was not that good either.

I dunno.

Not impressed, but it's not bad.

Nothing was spoiled - just not "uber" fresh.
Lady on the phone was nice, delivery guy was great.  (They said 40 minutes on a Friday night and showed up in 20.  Sweet!)

Update:  It is the next day.  I got food poisoning from the sushi.
Yup.  I spent last night vomiting.  Not fun.

Nevery again.
Glad Sakura slipped a take-out menu under my door....been looking for a new affordable sushi spot (can never have enough of those, right?).  

Anyway, decided to dial them up on a Friday night in.  I got the Autumn Roll and pork gyoza.  The Autumn Roll was disappointing (Salmon, Mango, Spicy Tuna, and Chef Sauce).  While the fish tasted fresh, the roll lacked flavor. The Chef Sauce, which the hostess described as "honey sauce" had hardly any flavor, the spicy tuna lacked spice, and I could barely taste the mango.  You're probably wondering why I'm giving this place 3 stars...I'll get to that in a bit.  The pork gyoza was good, and the dipping sauce actually had flavor (unlike most gyoza dipping sauces). 

The next day,  I needed a food break from studying and my friend wanted sushi.  So I decided to give Sakura a try again.  Sushi makes me crave more sushi for some reason.  

We dined in and each got the 3 roll lunch special (Salmon Avocado, Spicy Tuna, and Eel Avocado).  The best Eel Avocado I've ever had and best sushi lunch special I've ever had!  Soup & Salad & 3 rolls for 11 bucks (or 2 rolls for $8) Mon-Sat! BYOB.  You really can't beat that.

Bottom Line:  Great for lunch sushi specials.  Don't get the Autumn Roll.  Ask for extra spicy mayo for dipping and BYO wine.  Great lunch spot! $1 charge for delivery.  Small intimate restaurant.

Tip--Park an extra block North in the residential area to avoid paying for street parking.
Average sushi. Reasonably priced. Good for a takeout night. Rolls are light on rice which can be a good thing. Dinner roll special on grubhub is 3 rolls for $13.50.... no I'm not lying! I would definitely say the quality is not there but when I need to fix a craving Sakura with takeout sushi, Sakura will be my go to.
This Black Friday, my work week impulses kicked in and I desired take-out lunch. I had to unwrap something in a brown paper bag and eat with plastic silverware. I had to. I also think about sushi and when I'll eat it next a lot (I blame Alexandra W.), so I sought out a sushi destination outside of Center City. I remember cruising by Sakura Japanese a few times on Spring Garden and looked it up on Yelp, to find mostly positive reviews. They offer the standard sushi bar lunch special, 2 rolls for around $8 and 3 rolls for around $11. Against my better judgement, as usual, I opted for the 3 roll special. The third roll is never really necessary. I cannot stress this enough. But I'm an idiot, so I order it anways. Unlike many sushi lunch specials, other than that of the now defunct Muntin, the special comes with miso soup and a salad, with a side of delicious carrot ginger dressing. I couldn't find their menu online, so I ordered and waited about 7 to 10 minutes for my food in their small, empty dining area. I hurried home and spent the next hour or so watching cable and eating. TGIF, people.

I chose the spicy tuna, sweet potato (ordering this was instinct, even though it was the day after Thanksgiving and I pretty much had sweet potatoes coming out of my eyes from the night before), and eel & avocado rolls. The spicy tuna was the highlight although, as per usual, barely spicy, the sweet potato was solid, and the eel & avocado was a little to soft and wet for me, but still decent. Loved the salad and the miso soup was average, but alright.

Their menu is pretty long, they have the usual specialty rolls and sashimi and other entrees and sides. Standard stuff. They offer delivery, and I think I'm close enough that they'd deliver to my house and this idea thrills me beyond belief. For weekends and maybe a late dinner, I'll definitely come back. It's a reasonable sushi destination that's relatively close to my homestead. Four fishy stars.
I should've reviewed Sakura ages ago.

I eat a lot of sushi. Too much, maybe. But I don't care. I do what I want. 
Sakura conveniently delivers to both my place of work and my place of residence. I order from them...too frequently. Their rolls are cheap and good. What else is there to say?

I'm starting to get embarrassed every time the delivery guy drops something off to me, though. I think he's beginning to recognize me.
This is a nice casual sushi joint where you can enjoy a nice, cool, cute lunch on a warm Sunday in July. The rolls are just as creative as anywhere, and the fish is fresh and delicious. 

Also, they've got canned Japanese green tea, which is pretty flippin' rad.
Sakura has remained my go-to for sushi delivery since moving to Fairmount. My orders usually comes within a reasonable time, although the delivery driver is always in a huge hurry and is never very happy. I also ordered the steak hibachi dinner recently, and it was just what I wanted - except there was a lot of oil in the bottom, and it didn't come with any sauces.
We were in the mood for sushi for dinner and were glad we found Sakura, because their 3 rolls for $13.50 deal can't be beat. You get so much value for this. A deal like this is unheard of, it's better than a lunch special. The selection is pretty basic and does not come with soup or salad, just rolls. If you wanna throw a miso soup in, it'll only cost you an extra $2.25. Best deal in town. Rolls at other sushi joints will charge you at least $5-6/roll. The rolls taste pretty good too!
The rolls were the highlight of my experience, but even those were subpar. Today I ordered three rolls for delivery, and one of the rolls wasn't what I ordered. I'm not one to complain, but I called the restaurant to ask them to deliver the correct one in their own time, and they told me that I would have to give the incorrect roll back to the driver... These rolls were all smushed together in a small box that I had already started eating out of, and I asked several times for clarification - How do I give it back? Is this sanitary? Are you going to sell this to someone else? And the driver replied that it was "the manager's business" and that she just needed it back. 

Having worked in the restaurant service industry for 4 years, especially working with resolving individual customer issues, I think this was completely inappropriate and unacceptable. Since they insisted multiple times, I put the roll in a plastic bag, because that was all I had. I really hope it wasn't rearranged and served to another customer.
So it's the Tuesday after a three-day weekend and that hangover you're nursing makes you hate life and work and everything else that isn't a soft bed in a dark room.  Well, lo and behold, while I was walking en route to that bed, I noticed that Sakura Japanese Cuisine had JUST opened that day and was running a grand opening special of 10% off your final bill.  

I was looking forward to this place opening now for weeks and figured that I should try to cash in on the offer and, also, sushi for me is like the ultimate in hangover food for some bizarre reason.  

Anyways, I ended up spending two hours stuffing my face with fresh, reasonably priced sushi. 

I'd recommend:

Hampton Roll (Tuna, avocado, mango & tempura)
Foxy Lady Roll (Spicy scallop, tempura, avocado, lobster & spicy sauce)
Crazy Tuna Roll- tuna tuna and tuna 

Keep in mind that most of these rolls are in the $10 range and are pretty substantial.  You could easily get two or three rolls and split them in a group, tapas style.

Oh, and did I mention that it's also a BYO?  I'm sooooo glad that this place just opened up in my neighborhood.
In a land where take out sushi can go horribly, horribly wrong, Sakura is a beacon of hope.

The store is small, clean, and cute. The staff is so, so friendly. The food is reasonably priced and fantastic.

With sushi it seems like you always get ALMOST a great place. If it's cheap, the food sucks. If the food's fantastic, it's overpriced. If the ambiance in the restaurant is great, they don't deliver. I have to say that Sakura hits every nail on the head for me.

I'm a creature of habit so I get the same things a lot. The Foxy Lady roll is my favorite thing on the menu.  I love getting the simple rolls, too, spicy tuna or avocado - the chefs rolling abilities are great, so I always get a tasty, perfectly executed snack. 

Obviously this place is small with a limited, however fantastic, menu. It's no fancy pants woo-woo sushi joint where you need to wear your good shoes.  Come as you are - or do what I do. Stay home, in your weird pajamas, and wait for the very nice delivery guy to bring you your dinner.
I'm not a sushi snob. I asked the sushi chef what's good and he said the Yellowtail. He was right. I also got my usual spicy tuna roll and I ventured for the Mexican roll (crunchy spicy tuna topped with crunchy spicy salmon). Both had too much mayo. Also, come to think of it, he made the spicy tuna roll crunchy which I didn't ask for but upon writing this I remember thinking to myself while I was in my feeding frenzy too much crunchy flakes. Also, the tea I ordered smelled like dish soap. While I applaud the sanitation I fear for my bowels later. The waitress was very friendly. She even hooked me up with a free piece of sushi that she called a sushi muffin. It looked neat but was covered in mayo. I'm noticing a trend with the mayo here. I've never experienced that at a Japanese spot. Maybe because I'm a fat American they assumed I like lots of mayo. Wrong! But I'm not mad at them. They did me right. If I had to complain more I'd say the wasabi lacked the kick that I'm used to. I'd give this place a C-
I ordered delivery from here and it was weird. I got the chirashi and it was really good but the miso soup tasted like feet and the soft shell crab appetizer was the worst thing ever. It had wayyyy too much batter, 3 times thicker than the batter on a corndog and the crab also tasted so old and bad and I had to spit it out. I couldn't even swallow it.
Very reasonably price. Great food and service. 3 rolls for $13.50, it can't get better than that.
We ordered a party platter for our 4-person gathering for my daughter's 22nd birthday. The sushi was good and the platter came with plenty of sauce, ginger , wasabi and chopsticks. It was also reasonably priced. We had an abundance and everyone got to take some home. Great way to go when having a birthday-party-feast of sushi.
We decided to order from here for dinner during a girls weekend.

We ordered through Door Dash. The delivery  was quick and easy.

We ordered the California rolls shrimp tempura, vegetarian rolls, Las Vegas roll and Spicy tuna roll; everything was delicious and inexpensive. 

Overall decent sushi restaurant and I would recommend if you are in town.
Came here for their lunch special and got a Bento Boxes with the boyfriend.

I got a CHICKEN TERIYAKI Bento Box that came with Miso Soup, Salad, 4 pieces of California Roll, & rice.
Boyfriend got the BEEF HIBACHI Bento Box that also came with all that stuff.
Both were pretty good and very satisfying.

After we ordered, I looked up and saw a "Today's Special" list and boy did it sound yummy. We ended up also getting the Atlantic Roll  with was spicy crunchy tuna, avocado inside, top with spicy scallop & black tobiko. It was sooo yummy!! The spicy scallop was awesome!

We will probably come back here again for lunch.
I called in to order the 3 roll lunch special at 2:59, which comes with also soup and salad. Just because the order was placed at 3:01, they didn't give me the soup and salad that came with it. Mind you I even called back in again to make sure the soup and salad came with the meal, and they said yes. When I get there, I ask about the soup and salad and they just gave me a flat "no." I come here a lot and I didn't think they'd treat a regular customer like this. Last time I'll ever be getting my sushi here.
We were really in the mood for a sushi lunch yesterday, but little did we know that finding an open sushi restaurant would be as difficult as it was. After much Googling, Yelping, and calling, we finally found Sakura.

We got two miso soups, three salads (two with avocado), the sushi lunch (four pieces of sashimi and a California roll), a spicy tuna roll, and a Philly roll for $28.00. I think that's a pretty damn good deal.

The food was delish. This is a very tiny place that you could easily overlook, but they know how to make some sushi!

Would return!
I was pleasantly surprised by this place, from the outside you might expect a chinese food take out ambiance, but it was anything but.  It was well decorated, and the food was great.  The menu is pretty extensive and they have a lot of interesting rolls, not too mention this place is cheap!  Its a BYOB, they deliver, and take credit cards.  I will go back again!
mmm I think I just found a new sushi spot! Decided to find a cheap lunch spot with one of my girl friends, looked it up on yelp and Sakura was on the list with 4 stars, so decided why not? I wanted to try somewhere different since I've been going to Vic's often. 

The place is small. with about 4 tables, and a sushi bar. They probably make more from take out because CCP is right there. Anyway, we both got the 2 roll special for $8 GOOD DEAL! (they also have the 3 roll special for $11); at first, we didn't think it'd be enough, but with the miso soup and salad, I was very good by the end. She got the eel with avocado roll and philly roll, and i got the futo roll and philly roll. The futo roll was not that good and i wouldn't recommend it, but the eel with avocado was actually pretty good and i regretted not getting that instead. 

The salad was also good too. The ginger dressing that they used tasted sweeter than most other ginger dressings that I've tried, so I liked that and the miso soup wasn't as salty as other sushi/Japanese restaurants either.

After we were done, we decided to get a dessert and opted with a green tea ice cream tempura. They seemed to have used 2 layers of batter. the layer around the ice cream tasted like funnel cake lol so my friend really enjoyed it a lot and the outer layer was more of the tempura used in their veggies, shrimp, etc. 

Overall, I really enjoyed this place and would definitely come back again!
This is a hole in the wall sushi bar. The sushi was good and fresh but if you're looking for a fancy upscale sushi place this is not the place for you. 

I ordered the Wasabi pepper tuna - first time I've had tuna and it was good but not for me. Some people love this though so give it a shot if you like tuna. 

I had the garden salad with ginger dressing, everything I imagined it would be. I had a cucumber avocado roll.. good and fresh. I tried the spicy tuna roll, it had some crunch to it, I liked it.
Solid sushi option that delivers (with $10 minimum) and has reasonable lunch specials.  I got the Chirashi for lunch with shellfish swapped out - the fish was fresh, but the generosity of the portions varied (nice sized salmon, but skinny yellowtail pieces).  Included were the Miso soup (standard) and Salad (fresh lettuce and tasty ginger dressing).  I will order again, but probably try the rolls rather than the Chirashi.
Did a pick up for lunch. Was originally planning on just walking in and getting a menu, but I can never just do that, so I ended up ordering a shrimp tempura roll and a small miso soup. Came up to $8.10. 

The roll was okay, and since it was $5.50 I won't complain about it being only 5 pieces. It was filling, but nothing amazing. The miso soup however was wack. It was watery, the chunks of tofu and pieces of seaweed were pitiful, and it was a big disappointment. 

The place is nice and it would probably be somewhere for a solid date (since it's byob), but I wasn't too impressed. Especially because the woman didn't even suggest the lunch roll special which would have been cheaper and had one more roll. But I'll give them another chance another day when I'm craving Japanese food.
Decent sushi option in the N. Broad/Spring Garden area. I had a lunch special- two rolls plus miso soup& salad.
The decor was new and welcoming and I noticed several business people enjoying lunch while I waited for my carryout. Good lunch option, as they were fast and friendly with the order.

Themselves food itself was again, decent.  I ordered a salmon& avacado roll, tuna& cucumber roll as part of the lunch special l. Tuna looked a little dark, but tasted good, while salmon roll was solid.

Great new lunch option in an otherwise spotty area of town for lighter fare options.
My boyfriend is on a continual hunt to find "some sushi that is good, and cheap."  And by continual I mean we have this discussion a minimum of once a week.  To fulfill this search we have eaten at just about every sushi place in the city (regardless of the "cheap" aspect), and I am so glad to have found this place.  The food was great, the service was fast, and the prices were good.  

He lives in the art museum area, so it is additionally great to have this place within walking distance.  We now have both our neighborhoods covered: Vics for me and Sakura for him.  

I would have given it five stars, but the seaweed saled was not as good as other places around the city.  If you have room left at the end, the tempura-fried green-tea ice cream is delicious.
If you've had good sushi, you will be disappointed with this place. Hubby and I weren't in the mood for cooking one evening and stopped by SJC to try it out. It was a small place but empty on a weeknight. We ordered a variety of sushi rolls, from what I remember it was the King of Dragon, salmon, tuna, and spider rolls. Each and every roll was mediocre, somewhat bland. There was no balance of flavors and each bite left my tongue in a confused, dizzy taste. With each bite, I kept wondering where that umami flavor was, you know that good feeling you get whenever you eat sushi. The rice didn't seem to have the right texture/taste, and where was the fish flavor? This is a sushi joint for Pete's sake! Don't be fooled by the presentation of the sushi. The food isn't as good as it looks. Also, upon closer inspection the avocado in my roll was brown and mushy. Gross. Hubby and I were worried about getting sick after eating at this place.
It's funny how I'll rush off to rate the new hott (two t's make it cool) restaurant after eating there once, but give no Yelp love to the places I eat a hundred fold more.  Well, Sakura, your time has come.

I probably get delivery from this place once a week.  It's close to my place, so the wait is usually less than 25 minutes (awesome).

The food is pretty spot on.  The sushi is on par with some of the more expensive places (i.e. Umai Umai) but much cheaper.  

Their fried rices are great, which is weird because I typically pass on these dishes.  I do add sriracha to all of them, though.

Their teriyaki and hibachi dishes are good, but not great.  However, given the generous portion of meat, I usually order it anyway.

I like Sakura enough to eat there a lot.  There ya go.
The basic rolls here are excellent, 6 prices and very tasty and fresh.  There is even a TV with sports on if you stay to eat in.  The one downside and the reason for 4 vs 5 stars is that the special rolls are really expensive +$12-14 each.  When the basic rolls are $5 this is a little steep.  Overall a great place we will return to as well as order delivery from them
BEST sushi!! My roommates and I LOVE Sakura! We always order take out and have never had a problem. It's always delivered in a timely manner and they have never messed anything up. The prices are so reasonable and they have a great 3-roll combo. Our favorite take out place :)
Usually they are pretty good for the price (i usually get sashimi) , but the other day I ordered the Godzilla roll...oh my god it was so gross I couldn't eat after the first bite. That was the worst Godzilla roll I have ever had.
I can't tell you how long I have waited for a sushi place in this area.  Given that, the place is actually pretty good.  The sushi is fresh and decently priced.  I got the sakura roll which was huge and had 4 different kinds of fish in the center.  My favorite is the philly roll with smoked salmon, cream cheese, and avocado.  It's take out and eat in, although the dinning room is pretty small.  Overall a great place.
I've tried a LOT of different sushi places in Philadelphia. Being from Jersey, I always found it disappointing that Philly didn't have more all you can eat places. 
But whenever I've ordered delivery from Sakura, it's reasonably priced and it tastes super fresh. Gauge of really good sushi are low levels of fishy taste. There's a particular fresh flavor that sushi aficionados will recognize, and every time I order from Sakura it is very fresh. 
Dinner 3 Roll Special is only $13.50 and is very filling. 
I've tried Morimoto, bleu sushi, etc. this place is by far the freshest and most consistent!
This is your Anytown USA small sushi shop. Best suited for lunch or a no frills dinner, Sakura was a safe bet on a trip up to Spring Garden.

You know the KFC mashed potato bowl that's layered with mashed potatoes, gravy, crispy chicken and cardiac defibrillators to restart your heart? The Autumn roll, with spicy tuna, panko, salmon, mango, and chef's sauce is a little like that, but in a good way. I think. There are a lot of flavors going on and the inclusion of mango is only a rumor while it fights through the heavy chef's sauce for a place on your palate.

Before landing on my plate, the pork dumplings were probably last seen in a grocery store freezer. The pork was bland and the seams even had a plastic feel in their consistency. When "plastic" comes to mind to describe the food and not the payment, it's better left off the menu. 

Our waitress was sweet, but poured our wine like a frat boy pours a Franzia for a freshman girl. She filled it to the top of our glasses to kick the bottle and changed our quick dinner idea to a lingering, red-toothed affair. But in a good way, I think.
The epitome of a good "little" sushi shop... because it's so tiny... and so good.

Sakura features a pretty typical Japanese menu with some one-off's I haven't seen before.  Maybe I'm easily impressed but any place that serves mochi gets a few extra stars in my book!

Size does matter... when it comes to a dining floor.  Sakura can comfortably fit around 15 people, but any more and you're eating in the bathroom!
Since this place opened we've been ordering lunch for the salon where I work several times a week! The sushi is fresh and the delivery is fast. The lunch specials are a great deal - the bento boxes are enough for two meals, although we usually get the 2 rolls specials - you pick 2 rolls from a big list, plus miso and a salad for $7.99.  There are a few great sushi spots in Fairmount, but this is the first that really caters to the lunch delivery crowd.
I'm a faithful weekly regular to this neighborhood sushi kingdom in Fairmount.  Conveniently located near CCP, Masterman, CBS3, 1500 Spring Garden and the Inquirer, the place offers a wide selection of sushi and sashumi, bento box entrees, hibachi and appetizers for dine-in and take-out.

I may be spoiled (because I'm regular), but the servers and guys at the sushi bar are great.  The food...what more can I say.  :)  Do try the sushi and sashumi lunch special (or dinner entree at night) and the Snow White roll.

Do give them a try.  And a personal advice, if you do dine-in on some Fridays at lunchtime, please give them plenty of time and patience when you wait for your meal.  They handle A LOT of call-in and take-out orders.
Sakura is hardly the best sushi I've had.  It's not even the best sushi in Philadelphia.  But for the price and convenience, it's hard to do much better.  When I moved to Philadelphia, the Fairmount/Spring Garden area really only had Doma and Umai.  Both places are delicious, but they are pricey and are better for special occasions (at least on my budget).  However, when Sakura opened I finally found a decent sushi place that I could rely on for takeout and delivery.  

After a long day of studying at the library, I often find myself coming here as a way to treat myself.  I am truly appreciative that I have a place like that.  In addition, their lunch specials are great.  I think 3 rolls is about $12-13, and it comes with soup and salad.  Really not a bad deal.

I personally love their spicy salmon roll, which has the perfect amount of flavor and crunch.  My biggest gripe with this place is that the Yellowtail is inconsistent.  Sometimes it is incredible--fresh beyond belief, mealy, and delicious.  Other times it is bland and you can tell it's not super fresh.  However, it has not been enough to keep me away from this place, and I strongly recommend it for reasonably-priced take out.
One of a few local sushi dens that will deliver to me, so I've tried them out a few times.  I've consistently been impressed with their rolls, and i love their seaweed salad (with cucumber in it!), but the tuna and salmon sashimi were completely devoid of taste.  Maybe it was bad batch of fish or something, but it was disappointing.  Despite that, Sakura is still a pretty good dinner choice overall.  I ordered through grubhub and the delivery was quick and accurate - and that alone is worth at least a couple of stars!
This is the BEST sushi I have had.  I basically make a stop her once a week. The lunch specials are amazing.  The prices are very affordable for high quality product.
This is a great sushi spot in the spring garden area. The fish was very fresh and the rolls were very nicely put together. I stopped in here for lunch, and it was awesome. 

We had a 3 roll lunch special consisting of a Philadelphia roll, salmon skin roll, and a avocado roll, we also had a spring garden roll, and I had an order of Chirashi (bowl of sushi rice, with fish laid on top). We also got, a miso soup, and salad that came withour lunch specials. The chef's also prepared some fresh mango with a special white japanese sauce that i've never had before, i believe it was mayo and honey, plus some other stuf...

My favorite thing about this place was the sushi rice, it is fantastic here, it has this very unique sweetness to it, that makes me think that they put a little extra sugar in the rice vinegar, but who knows. It was great, so much so that I will definitely be frequenting this establishment. Their interpretation of sushi is one of the better I've seen in the city (for the price that is)...
I've ordered from Sakura a bunch of times through GrubHub, both for delivery and pickup. I have to say, I'm a fan. I don't remember what I got the first few times, probably some variation on a dragon roll, spicy tuna roll, salmon, miso soup, edamame, But last night I got the Foxy Lady roll and it was really pretty magical. I enjoyed it greatly. To the point where I really want one today. Like right now. But I know that if I do that, then I will also get one tomorrow and my entire diet will consist of Foxy Lady rolls (and whiskey), which can't be good for me. 
I will return, probably within the next few days, and devour this magic again. It makes me sad that I'm moving all the way to Northern Liberties this week.
DO NOT eat here if you don't want your debit card charged freely. They charged me twice and when I tried to dispute with my bank, they have receipts showing that I signed for both when I only signed for one receipt! I will never eat here again - it's not like their food is one of the best of Philly.
With so many sushi houses opening up in my neighborhood, I felt obliged to write about Sakura.  My girlfriend and I went last night for a quick bite and were pleasantly surprised.  While it is small, Sakura wins BIG in my mind.  It was very clean and the staff was very friendly but this only added to the great food.  We enjoyed the Spicy Lady roll, the shrip tempura roll, the Mexican roll and the soft shell crab roll.  The rolls were very fresh and flavorful and not expensive at all.

They offer a lunch special that has two rolls and a salad for under $8 until 3pm which is unheard of anymore.

Go and Enjoy!!
DELIVERY

I ordered some sushi and appetizers, and the sushi wasn't really that great. It actually made feel a bit queasy.
Ordered through door dash, my food left a lot to be desired. Not a lot of fish in my rolls for the price, the avocado in my philly roll was also brown.
This was such a sad and disappointing experience. We ordered delivery from here for a special Christmas Eve dinner. Our rolls were 90% rice, and maybe a little bit of fish but I didn't have a magnifying glass handy so I couldn't really tell for sure. For the price, I would expect sushi to have detectable fish. 

Not to be dramatic but this meal put a major damper on our Christmas Eve. Should've known better and ordered from literally any other sushi spot in town. NEVER again.

I get that it's COVID and places are doing their best, but sushi should contain fish.
Ordered thru Uber eats. Was a bit disappointed that different rolls were packed together in one box. I would have preferred to have each dish packed separately. Other than that, Food is good for the price. Nothing special.
This is a great local BYOB spot just outside of center city. I've dined here on one occasion many many years ago and from what I recall it was a great experience. Mostly I order take out or delivery. The sushi is consistently fresh and tasty and their prices are extremely reasonable. They do have a $10 card minimum FYI. I did have an experience where the delivery person asked for a tip or implied the tip wasn't enough. I'm not sure if that's their internal delivery man or they outsource, but that's extremely rude. My boyfriend on a separate occasion had this same experience. Other than that this will continue to be my go-to for sushi! The delivery is fast and my soup is always still warm.
