Sam's is one of those places that is legend in the Philadelphia brunch circuit, but I will admit, I didn't expect it to live up to the hype. I'm not usually a brunch person - I prefer to sleep in past brunch on the weekends - but one morning after a boozy evening out I dragged myself out of bed for brunch with two friends, and we headed to Sam's.

Due to its popularity, I'm told that wait times can be pretty epic. We arrived around 9am and were seated right away, so if you're wondering how early you need to go to avoid the crowds, there it is. 

Some notes on the food you may not anticipate:
1. There is a pot of jam on every table, and the flavor you get is the flavor you get - no switching. But don't worry! I have a feeling they are all delicious. The blueberry certainly is.
2. The biscuits are big enough to split three ways, so if you're with people and biscuits don't come with your meals but you want to try the jam, just know that everyone does not need their own biscuit.
3. They make their own ketchup, and it is really closer in taste and consistency to marinara sauce. Still tasty, but not really ketchup.

The food is AMAZING. Just really, out-of-this-world delicious food. I had one of the specials, a three-mushroom frittata with a side of potatoes and a biscuit. It was truly outstanding, hot and soft and they did not scrimp on the mushrooms. The potatoes were perfectly seasoned. Also, the portion sizes are HUGE. I made three meals out of it all! Sam's Morning Glory Diner exceeded the hype, and I can see why it's such a beloved establishment on the Philly brunch scene.
It rarely happens (actually that's a bull faced lie, but I choose to plead the 5th on the other accounts), But surprisingly there comes a rare occasion where McThrill is dead wrong! Yes I know your completely and utterly shocked, But there's just some situations where I have to come clean and admit it. And with that said, I really need to jump in and change my original stance on Sam's Morning Glory Diner (http://www.yelp.com/topic/philadelphia-overrated-restaurants-in-philly#vFvmjhacXgJindrbcuk74w).

In admitting my lack of better judgment, I do feel that I have to explain myself. And honestly my stance wasn't so much based on what I knew, but what people told me about it (you're reading this off a review site, so at least it's something that we're all guilty of to a degree :D). I've heard a lot of people absolutely rave about Morning Glory, but they all had one thing in common. The single solitary thing that they all used to try to lure me in was something that I consider to be the most ungodly of condiments: Ketchup (http://www.yelp.com/topic/philadelphia-ketchup-doesnt-belong-on-hashbrowns#OSiL90Sj9P6H2fxhUAnrpA). So naturally by my stance on the foul beast of a tomato, I wasn't very impressed. But what's more, out of an entire restaurant that these people raved about, homemade ketchup was the only thing that they could tell me about? As a result it gave me the misconception that Sam's was more than a little bit gimmicky. But it finally took someone who was capable of telling me about everything else to make me want to jump on the wagon. and let's just say that everything else sent me to food heaven, even more so when I tried it!

Had I have known off the bat that a visit to Sam's Morning Glory gave me the chance to procure challah French toast stuffed with banana's and mangoes, and plated alongside whipped cream and caramel, then my belly would have been jumping with joy from the aftermath a long time ago! But the fact that I was also provided with a side of turkey sausage that came from a local farm, a fresh baked homemade muffin, and homemade cranberry jelly (These are the homemade things that you want to tell someone about people!) was beyond amazing. Out of curiosity I also tried the ketchup, and as you may guess, its still not my bag.

Another thing I have to voraciously applaud is Morning Glory's service. Lets face it the weekend brunch crowd and wait can oftentimes be more hardcore than it is at most bars and restaurants. And since I saw the porch way that people waiting for a seat at, and the good sized waiting list, Morning Glory is no exception. And that can be kind of hardcore to the people serving and running the show. So when my party of two was called up during a time when my dining partner was running 10-15 minutes late, I was a bit worried that the proverbial shit was going to hit the fan. But the hostess and our server were extremely accommodating, understanding, and friendly every step of the way despite it. And what could be better then that? How about the fact that we were offered a short stack of pancakes from one of their awesome cooks! and were not just talking ordinary pancakes; we're talking pancakes that were stuffed with fresh strawberries, blueberries, and just a tinge of chocolate. And that fellow Yelpers is your moment of zen!

So while it might be a long shot one way or the other, as long as admitting I'm wrong leads to a brunch environment that's pure heaven on earth, I might just to admit it more often. But then again, nothing is as right as a plate that's filled with fruity pancakes. And for that Morning Glory is pure bliss! And be sure to check their dessert menu for some of the freshest pie that you ever did see!
Despite no changes to the menu, I've discovered a new way to appreciate Morning Glory: don't go there for a really long time so you can appreciate it like it's the first. 

I was joined this morning by a vibrant group of former college roommates. While we laughed our way through brunch, I enjoyed the egg white Gardenkeeper fritatta, a side of bacon, fresh squeezed grapefruit juice, and a steaming cup of coffee. 

If you're looking for that cozy, breakfast-time experience, this place has the vibe. Imagine a movie where Janeane Garofalo and Paul Rudd split french toast while discussing their wild and crazy Friday night, Ingrid Michaelson cooing overhead and The Waitresses shuffling plates from table to table. This place makes me feel warm inside.
I was pretty excited to finally return to Morning Glory, but I thought the food was pretty bland compared with the last time I was there. On this visit, the coffee was perfectly hot, so that was great. But the frittata I was pumped to eat was just okay. It was enormous for sure, but didn't have much flavor. The potatoes on the side were solid and I really liked the multigrain toast. My friend seemed to have the same feelings about her breakfast as well. Maybe we were there on an off day, but I'll likely stick with my go-to brunch spots for a while.
Never again.

The food may be good, but the service is ATROCIOUS!  Been there three times, had to wait for a table an inordinately long time when it wasn't crowded three times, got subsequent crappy service three times.  

On our most recent  (and absolutely final!) visit we actually watched our waitress running in circles to give an apparent "regular" (who, BTW, sat down *after* us) everything his little heart desired, including his full breakfast, while we languished at our table not having even been given a glass of water.  We finally threw up our hands and walked out, and our waitress actually chased us out of the place to yell at us and tell us to never come back again!  

Our reply to her?:  "Don't worry... we won't!"
I visited Morning Glory following an intense morning workout so I was pretty hungry for breakfast. My son and I arrived at the diner at 8:15 and by then all of the tables were full. There were about 4 seats available at the counter so we happily sat there to avoid waiting outside in the courtyard. I understand why they make you wait outside (the diner is small) but it's still weird especially since it's winter time. I digress. Counter seating is cool: you get a front row seat to watch all the amazing eats being created. The waitress was efficient enough. We waited about 5 minutes before we received menus and longer to pay the check and get doggie bags but I give her a pass since she was serving the entire restaurant. I ordered the garden frittata. It looked delicious but was a bit on the dry side. The monmouth biscuit was the star of the show. My son greatly enjoyed his short stack and bacon. Morning Glory loses 2 stars for being a cash only establishment (who carries cash anymore?) I had to run across the street to the ATM. They also lose a star for only having one waitress on duty on the weekend.  The staff in general could be friendlier but I'll give them a pass and call them "too busy to talk." 3/5 for Morning Glory. We'll be back.
Sam's is one of my favorite breakfast spots near my place. I will not try to come here for brunch on a weekend (so crowded); however, anytime that I have a free weekday, I love to come to Sam's. 

Some tips:

1. Get the biscuit.
2. The frittatas are so good.
3. Homemade ketchup!
4. If it's cold, and there is a wait, then you will have to wait outside. Plan accordingly.
5. The service is always friendly. It's not always super speedy, but they are super nice.
6. Cash only. There's an ATM across the street if necessary.
7. The burrito is good too.
This weekend was pretty mild, so we decided to venture out and try a new spot to add to the brunch list. Honestly, I had never heard of Sam's until the day I dined here. You enter the diner through the patio area, which is unique. I'm positive the benches back there are recycled from a bus station of some kind.

We arrived around 2:15pm on a Sunday and probably waited for 10-15 minutes. Once inside, you realize it's pretty small. It definitely has a diner feel to it. There are a few counter seats to your left and high chair tables to your right. As you go in further, you have more traditional diner tables. It can get really loud when it's packed.

I ordered the Smoked Salmon Frittata with a side of potatoes, my wife ordered the Monkey French toast and we got a Short Stack of pancakes (two pancakes) for my son. The salmon frittata was delicious. Smoked salmon with goat  cheese and spinach was definitely interesting and different from any frittata I have had. Sam's has homemade ketchup, which is tangy yet sweet. It tasted great on my potatoes. My wife and I split our dishes and sadly, we were a little disappointed with the stuffed french toast. The bananas are caramelized, but they didn't need to be considering bananas are already sweet. The mango was a nice touch. I still think Sabrina's has the best stuffed french toast in Philly. The pancakes were really good. The short stack in my opinion was very filling because the pancakes are dense. Looking at the pictures of their biscuit, I expected it to be sweet. I guess I thought it would taste like the biscuit at Honey's. Once I applied some homemade marmalade, it was very tasty.

Overall, I'll return to try some other items on the menu, especially the other frittatas. I don't feel the need to order the french toast though.
What the hell is wrong with this place?  Seriously,  DO NOT WANT!

The food was just not that good for the long ass wait we had, and the prices were a bit out of line.    This is the only menu I've ever seen where it tells you both that you will have an unreasonably long wait for your food (15-20 minutes) and to hurry up and eat (be mindful of those waiting)..   Seriously, that takes some balls. 

I had convinced my breakfasting companion to come here since so many people were talking about it. We were thankfully seated straight away by some rude waiter.  It took forever for a waitress to come over and then 25 minutes for the food to come once we had finally ordered.  Again, it was good but not OMG I CAN WAIT 25 MINUTES FOR BREAKFAST good.  

The crowd was an annoying mix of yuppies, hipsters, and your general not from Philadelphia scene of jerkwads ( That is the only reason I can think of why this place does so well is that it's a "quaint" place for people to be seen.  So that you can say you ate at Morning Glory and everyone can nod accordingly and mummer about how great their food is and how surly the service is.  I can't not stand this crap.  Where the hell were all the black people? This is South Philly at breakfast time!

I'll leave this place to the carpet baggers and go to get a breakfast somewhere else.
The hype is real.

I came here after a day trip to the Philadelphia's Magic Garden from New York. Hot, tired and hungry, we walked for a few minutes and arrived around 1pm on a Sunday. We got seats immediately and started off with some cups of coffee. 

Need a breakdown of what to get?
- Glory cakes with strawberry and bananas ($9): get it!
- Pecan waffles with peach butter ($9): get it!
- Neighborhood frittata ($12): get it!

First off, the glory cakes were hands down the best pancakes I've ever had. It comes with 3 pancakes and real maple syrup. Fluffy with sprinkles of powdered sugar on the outside and moist on the inside. It especially went well not only with the maple syrup but also with the peach butter that came with the pecan waffles, which reminds me.. I loved the crunch of the pecans that came with every bite. I couldn't stop munching on it! As for the neighborhood frittata, it came with roasted red peppers, spinach and provolone. I ordered it with a side of potatoes (you get to pick salad or potatoes), which went perfectly with their homemade ketchup. I basically drenched the frittata and potatoes in their ketchup--it was that good.

We also got the monkey french toast ($10) but it was a bit disappointing and we liked it the least out of all the dishes we ordered. It's stuffed with caramelized mangoes and bananas, topped with caramel sauce and whipped cream--a bit too sweet and a bit too dense for me.

The place has an old-school breakfast diner vibe with limited seats. I wouldn't recommend coming here with more than 4 people. Also, it closes early at 3pm every day and accepts cash only! My friends and I stayed a bit over their closing time but they didn't rush us out. Service is quick, staff are friendly.

Would I come here again? Heck yes. I'd be interested to try some of their other dishes the next time I'm around the area.
POLITICS DO NOT BELONG IN A RESTAURANT!
Obviously the owner of this establishment needs to take Business 101. There were signs in the windows which we ignored trying to be the better person and when we went inside the menu was riddled with it as well. I'm tolerant of both sides and own a business myself where politics are not discussed as to never offend anyone patronizing my business. We left before ordering because I'm not participating in any business that so clearly tolerates only those who agree with their view
I finally, FINALLY made it to Sam's Morning Glory on Friday for brunch. Given the opportunity, I'd choose brunch over lunch every day of the week, and I love that many of Philly's notorious bruncheries are open for egg action any day I desire. 

The restaurant was smaller than I expected. Now I get the long lines on weekends. I immediately noticed the metal mugs and was excited that my coffee would likely arrive hot and stay hot, but surprised to find that the coffee was just semi-hot, even when I received fresh refills. Also, I only spied Splenda so had to pull out my Sweet-N-Low reserves. 

I ordered a breakfast burrito with egg whites, which is quickly becoming my standard brunch order. Every place does them a little differently. I enjoyed Sam's version because it really did taste healthy - there were fresh peppers and onions and just the right amount of cheddar, and the spinach wrap was topped with a red sauce and fresh chopped chives. I liked it, but I would have loved it with a side of pico de gallo or a little guac. No complaints, though. I also enjoyed mixing the homemade ketchup with some hot sauce. That ketchup would be bangin' as a sandwich spread. 

Our table was in the middle of the room and an overhead HVAC system dripped just to the right of our table but not far enough away that I didn't take a few splats to the arm. So I'd probably get that looked at. Otherwise, a pretty solid first impression and I'll definitely return.
It's just a dinner. Too small, congested, no toast!
Then there's an offensive chalkboard political quote I have to spend the whole meal keeping a guest from seeing or she'd leave. 
Actually I'm ashamed I didn't point it out at wording coffee, paid the check, walked out and not given $105 to these idiots.

That's $21 a head for OJ, bacon & eggs and coffee average!
We're not talking high class joint. It's a dump.

BTW, they hid the automatic gratuity or we'd had added another $25!

To answer the question on you chalkboard idiots "What did Trump accomplish in 2017?"
He beat that bitch Hillary
Stocks are up
Tax reform
And I voted for Johnson
Over-priced, dirty, roach infested matchbox, with a bland selection of unoriginal, greasy junk food. The staff is smug and rude, the wait time is infinite, and the food will put you on the toilet for the rest of the day. Go the the Fitzwater Cafe to keep yourself safe.
Get up early. Very early. You're hungry. Your partner is hungry. You can agree: this is where you want to eat.

As one of the top brunch places in the city, everyone else has this idea as well. Best to arrive as early as possible to snag a table without a long wait. Don't forget to sign in on the wait list by the door or you'll get bumped to the back of the line, like we did once. No hostess, just a simple sheet of paper to put down your name and number of diners.

An order of blueberry pancakes with a side of bacon is my ideal brunch food. Plump blueberries, fluffy pancakes and salty, fatty, perfectly cooked crisp bacon. Salivating just thinking about it. I've also had some satisfying specials, which rotate frequently.

Cash only, yo.
i don't think i've had a snarkier server ever.  seriously.

so this trip started out with us waiting for about an hour for a table.  the patio is cold, please turn on those outdoor warmers, especially since there are so many outside...but nary a one was on...and one would think that someone would think to turn it on when little bits of snow started blowing.

but whatevs.  the food was great.  i had the monkey challah french toast (bananas and mangoes and whipped cream)...quite tasty.  the home fries were good, but yes, the ketchup is pretty much marinara sauce, and way too watery to get enough to stick on my fries.

this place would have gotten a better review if i didn't feel like i was constantly apologizing to the server.  i mean, seriously!  i know working the sunday brunch shift sucks, but please don't make me feel like an asshole when you forgot my side order of bacon or that i want just a little bit more coffee.  

i definitely would not have left him the 18% that was added onto our check.

edited: so i went again with my friend...got the breakfast pizza.  it was awful.  the "crust" was so hard that it was unedible--and totally not the "hand-tossed bread" crust that was advertised on the menu.  when we asked the server about this she rolled her eyes and walked away.

ew.
Sam's Morning Glory was pretty much a mediocre experience.

This place seems to be very popular because it was packed to capacity on the day I decided to have brunch with a group of friends. Luckily we were able to grab some seats out in the patio area of the restaurant.

Our service was lackluster. I noticed it was an all male staff and they either was flustered from the large crowd of folks or just lacked good customer service. At this point the verdict is still up on what excuse I want to give the service.

My food was just ok, I ordered the smoked salmon frittata and I wished it tasted as good as it sounded. It came with a side of potatoes and a large homemade biscuit. The frittata was bland. The potatoes was not bad and the homemade biscuit would have been a winner but it was a tad to salty for me. 

The prices are reasonable. I paid about 15.00 for my meal. The food also came out fast and hot and we ended up meeting the owner. Who is a wonderful women who told us that she "worked hard to be old" I loved her quote as well as the radical messages throughout the restaurant!
I was drawn in by the reviews and captivated by the activism! The post and banners in the windows were interesting. This is a place I went in with high expectations and only found it to be an average dining experience. One of the problems maybe it's an all male staff (the day I went) and they are lacking in a certain 'bedside' manner. Without getting into too much detail, when I asked for a container for my remaining food the gentleman who seems a little vain just slammed the container down on my table across from me and walked away. I must say It's a cute easy-going spot possibly good for families and neighbors. But I can't see me traveling to dine here.

As for the meal it was average the pancakes were heavy and more on the fried side and hard as opposed to light and fluffy. However the whip cream was divine and the coffee very good, but it's La Columbe! The other downfall, it was extremely cold I sat far away from the door that didn't open often it just seem like they had the air on. I didn't find it to be worth the price, $20 for pancakes bacon and coffee that's quite pricey. That with the lack of congenial service is one and done for me!
Today was quite possibly the most beautiful day of winter - is winter still even happening? I scurried along the sunny side of the street to my neighborhood brunch spot after a 3pm hankering for one of their frittatas. I sat at the counter, shoveled down the eggie creation and listened to the quiet bustle of a near empty restaurant (a rarity for Morning Glory). 

You should also try a slice of their homemade pie, I hardly ever have room after a godzilla frittata, but their stuff's worth it. 

I love that you can go alone and not feel alone - most of the diners there this afternoon were by themselves. And as the saying goes, never drink alone unless you're by yourself.
Reading all the one star reviews, it is regarding the political stance that this diner makes known. 

It must be so great to be so privileged that politics on human rights, gun control and terrorism bother you.  

This is a great place for a solid brunch. Like all brunch spots in the south Philly neighborhood there is a wait for a table especially on the weekends.  

The space inside is pretty tight so please don't bring in a stroller or any heavy baggage. 
Upon walking in there is seating at the bar table- then tables further out by the windows.

Don't expect looking out of the windows to see the streets outside because they are covered by posters on political issues. 

Don't forget to leave without getting biscuits to go because they are absolutely amazing.
They should fire my server on the spot with an old dirty boot.

Of course, its extremely busy there. I know that. The wait was about 1:30 mins for a table. I was willing to wait because the food is good.

I wish I can remember the server's name so I can put him on blast, but he was the slowest/ dim-witted/ negligent server I have ever encountered. Every time he walked by, he never looked at our table when we were clearly flagging him down. We were a group of three asian girls; extremely friendly too I might add. I'm not sure if he was racist, but it seemed like he tended to the Caucasian guests more. He checked up the table behind us and and nicely asked if they needed change or what not. When I finally got his attention, he didn't wait for me to ask my question and rudely interrupted me telling me to pay at the counter! 

Can someone say, "how rude!" 

Some asian girl must have rejected him in high school or something because he had a stick up his a**.
**CASH ONLY** ATM on site.

Alright, listen. In the arena of dive-y, small, hometown diners with good, wholesome portions at a great value, Sam's Morning Glory is a five star joint. I'm talking greasy griddles, eat-til-ya-can't-move goodness. I mean, you won't see ball gowns, tuxedo waiters, or chandeliers from the ceiling. You WILL, however, taste some of the best damn breakfast foods on this side of the Mississippi (even better than Mom's!) 

Super cute, quaint, and modest, Sam's is a stellar breakfast joint. They've got all the traditional breakfast foods with a bunch of specials ranging from quesadillas and burritos to sandwiches and, what they're famous for: frittata. While I didn't order one, I saw my neighbor get a frittata and I almost snatched it.

This place is ideal for 4 or less. I came with a group of 5, and it was a squeeze. It was right after the nearby Philly 10K, and it was about a 25 minute wait for our table of 5. The wait list looked daunting, but it moved quickly. Per the sign on Sam's wall "There are people waiting in the cold (or in this case heat)" Essentially: Eat your food, and leave. This is not the place to linger and chat, especially on a weekend. The "waiting area" is outside and uncovered. Just a heads up! 

Street parking seemed to be fine in the area. Our food took about 20 minutes to be made. I ordered the breakfast burrito - eggs, cheese, onions, and peppers, topped with a red chili sauce. It was absolutely packed. I was stuffed for the rest of the day, but I had NO trouble eating the whole thing (though any other normal person might) You can also upgrade it by adding meat or some of their homemade ketchup. The breakfast potatoes were also bomb- cooked to perfection! Better than homefries (I can't believe I just typed that)

Would I ever drive OUT of my way from the burbs to come here? Probably not. But damn. Sam's does their thing, and they do it well.
The short review: 
I'd heard such good things about this place before I went there - it's a shame my experience was so awful, mostly due to service. The experience might've been salvaged if the food was amazing, but it wasn't ... it was normal diner food. Overpriced diner food.
 If you're looking for an enjoyable, relaxing breakfast where you don't get yelled at for asking for anything, DON'T go here.
It might be different on a Wednesday at 10:30 am, but us poor work-a-day folks on a weekend brunch schedule deserve a decent breakfast experience too.

The amazingly bad details:
1) You'd think that a veteran breakfast joint would know to have a lot of food available on a Sunday morning. We tried to order FOUR different items off the specials list, and the server crossed off each one as we ordered it. He then checked, told me there was one order of X available, and ten minutes later, came back to tell me he was wrong, and that was sold out as well. How does a diner run out of food?? C'mon. It's ALL YOU DO, people. If you're a diner, you might want to, I don't know, have more food available. So we ended up with overpriced, normal eggs, pancakes, bacon. Fine if we're going to the Melrose. NOT fine when we pay $30 for breakfast for two. 
2) My companion asked if they could add bacon to the frittata - the server snapped "No special orders today!"  Um, okay. Fine. No need to be snippy.
3) Any server worth their salt will be able to deal with a busy Sunday brunch with minimal problems. This particularly cranky server forgot to bring the hot chocolate (after I reminded him twice), forgot ketchup, forgot the pancake syrup (twice), and totally forgot our order of grits. Then gave me a dirty look when I asked for these things again. I'd normally give some slack because it's busy, but when a server makes ME feel bad for asking for something a few times... well, that's pretty inexcusable. Again, it's what you do. Don't be bad at it and expect a good review. Or tip.
5) When we got the not-small check and noticed grits were still on the bill, we asked about it POLITELY. The belligerent server then snapped that he already took it off, and then said to the host (still within earshot to us) "I hate that f***ing table." Seriously? For politely asking one question after you've overcharged us, don't have anything on the menu, and forgotten everything we DID order? Bullocks to that.

You couldn't pay me to go back to the Morning Glory, and if a friend asked me for a choice between this place and another, I'm pretty sure I'd always choose the other. Shame.
One word: overrated

Waiting for a year and a half is okay - I do it at Sabrina's and Honey's every now and then - but waiting for what Morning Glory offers is not. The prices are fine, the food is okay, but the service and attitude is atrocious. I've been there 5-6 times, so this is not one, isolated event.

I do not take forever to eat, but they rush you out like the world's about to end. And they don't have regular ketchup. wtf?! I mean I get making your own - that's cool - but don't force me to have it. I want me some Heinz!

Get nicer, offer some normal condis and let me know. I'll come back and try again.
Decent food, about average for a local diner. Unfortunately, the political propaganda everywhere really ruins the place. I don't need to know your positions on gun control or the current administration when I come in for my breakfast, thanks. Absolutely unprofessional (regardless of political orientation). 

Also, our waiter couldn't really be bothered to refill coffee and such. He was too busy chatting up some folks at another table. When we did catch his attention, he was clearly not pleased at being inconvenienced by our annoying demands. Sorry for drinking the water, bud. 

Far better places nearby with a neutral (normal) restaurant atmosphere and friendly staff.
I've long enjoyed visiting Morning Glory with friends or on occasional snow days from school. But my experience this week prompted me to finally write a review. In addition to consistently serving inventive, piping hot satisfying breakfasts with some of the better grits in the city, this place is about PEOPLE. 

The folks who work here are, quite simply, good people. The shirts "Be nice or leave" encapsulate the values of this place and the employees of Sam's live those values. This week, our apartment and most of our worldly possessions were destroyed by the fire on 13th and Chancellor. After a few hours of standing on the sidewalk in shock, we decided that we needed food. We walked our pajama-clad selves to Morning Glory, having had a not-very-good morning and smelling quite far from glorious. 

Our server, Chris, gave us the pick of the place and didn't bat an eye when a few more slipper-footed neighbors showed up. He graciously topped off our coffee for hours as we called our parents, insurance companies, and washed our faces in the bathroom sinks. Midway through the meal, he told us that he had called the owner and the meal was on the house. 

What amazing, unprompted kindness to strangers. Chris (and owner) - you made our morning and our entire day so much better. I will be forever grateful for your compassion. 

So, in summary: Go support a locally-owned neighborhood institution. Eat their delicious biscuits and frittatas and breakfast burritos. Tip them well for their food AND their service. Send all your friends. Repeat. Repeat. Repeat.
Wow...I thought San Francisco had great food, but this place really made my morning (which was much needed as it was pouring outside, I had just come off a red-eye flight and couldn't check in to my hotel)...Philadelphia has come a long way since I lived there.

Looks I came at perfect time- Friday mid-morning, as it wasn't difficult to get  a seat, and it didn't feel cramped as all of the other reviews suggested. We ordered the pecan waffle (amazing)- unfortunately, I thought the delicious fruity yet creamy whipped concoction served with the waffle was some sort of whipped cream...so I ate a lot of it..but I think it was butter, which now makes me a little sick to think that I ate a small bowl of butter...so beware!

We also got the breakfast burrito, which I normally don't get when outside of california/southwest region...but this was goooood..poblano pepper, eggs, cheese with homemade spicy sauce- need I say more?

I wish they had a sampler platter where I could've tried 2 bites of everything on the menu because, seriously, everything looked way too good to be true.  The surprise came at the end, as our bill was so reasonable it made me reconsider moving back to Philly...

Note: This place only takes cash and the staff is friendly but sarcastic..which can be good if you're in the mood but annoying if they don't like you.
good friend and fellow elite yelper kevin c. and his gf were in town visiting -- so of course, great brunch was a must. getting out to south philly is always a trek, but it was well worth it for our inaugural trip to morning glory on this beautiful weekend. 

when you arrive, go around through the garden patio to the side entrance, where you'll find a clipboard of names -- obstacles between you and your food. put your name down and be prepared to wait, cuz it is absolutely ridic. as most of the people here can probably attest to, it takes about an hour to get in, and another half an hour to get your food. 

good thing kevin c. and his gf brought monopoly deal to help us pass the time. who knew i could learn something new while waiting to eat?

our party of 3 was seated at the counter, overlooking the open kitchen and all the food in their made-to-order glory. the cooks here are amazing, and it's almost mesmerizing to watch them at work.

now for the food. kevin c. and his gf shared the breakfast pizza. having pizza for breakfast is a strange concept to me, but apparently it was fantastic (i'm sure you can read about it in kevin c.'s review).

i wanted to try their special- the raspberry stuffed french toast with fresh berries. but alas, they ran out just as we were about to order. it just wasn't meant to be :(

instead, i had the monkey french toast and while it was good, i've definitely had better. i felt that the caramelized bananas and the toast itself didn't complement each other well, but i love that they threw some mangoes into the mix.

next time, either the tofu scrambler or the frittata. foshizzle.
I hate to give Morning Glory such a negative review, but they were so lame today that I really felt I had to post something.  The food is decent enough and you already know that you'll be waiting outside 30 minutes at least...okay, no problem.  But today, after waiting outside, we were finally seated and then...just ignored.   I could say the service was bad, but in fact it was non-existent.  We waited an interminably LONG length of time to have someone take our order, but no one ever showed up. We flagged down the host a few times to let him know that we were ready to order and he said that he's let our waiter know, but he never did.  We watched as the seemingly only waiter in the place took the orders of people who were seated after us, but he never even walked anywhere near us or  looked in our direction.

Finally, we left.  We told the manager and she offered a half-hearted apology, but did not attempt to rectify the situation at all.  The sole waiter finally appeared and said, "Gee, I didn't notice you guys were there" and said that we should have flagged him down, like it was somehow our own fault.  

Honestly, if you don't mind being treated like you're invisible or insignificant, by all means, go to Morning Glory.  They are just too busy and understaffed to care one way or the other.  I know I won't be back.
Our first breakfast joint in Philly.

Wow!  This food was WAY beyond expectation.  

The coffee is great
The biscuit is a must try
The service is 10/10.
Everyone is super nice

And to top all of this off, the price is excellent

Outdoor dining is also very good with the COVID times.  They have heaters and are separated by liners.

Would highly recommend a stop here!
One of the first places I fell in love with in Philly. Before I lived here, I would visit my sister in the city, and she would bring me here for some brunch. I continue the tradition, bringing my friends from out of town here when they visit.

Lots of vegetarian/vegan options, and they usually have a really awesome list of specials that I'll choose from. Everything is fresh and homemade. Even the ketchup is homemade. And I could live on the biscuits and jam.

The west-coast wrap is really good if you want something light and fresh. Full of veggies, but not boring/bland.

I never can finish my food, but am always sad about it, because it's so delicious. 

It's always great to go here early afternoon on a week day because there is definitely no wait for seating. The wait is rough on the weekends.
i thought it was ok...

a friend and i have been meaning to get together for awhile and she raved about this place. apparently it's a very popular joint. everyone i mentioned it to knew of the place and also raved about it. so maybe that's why i thought it was just ok? everyone just built up my expectations? well, i admit i'm also a customer service snob...

so, we got there around 130pm for lunch and luckily we were seated immediately! i was starving lol i wish i would've known it was cash only so i pulled cash out at an atm that doesn't charge a fee, beforehand. whatever, that's not their fault...it's my friend's lol anyways, they have an atm machine inside.

the guy who sat us was very friendly and so were the two women behind the counter when we were paying. BUT our server was just not very personable at all. i understand that they get super busy and have a high turnaround BUT it wouldn't kill the servers to be more friendly...i mean...it IS a customer service job...just saying...

well, everyone raved about their food. i ordered the garden something frittata with potatoes and toast. the toast and potatoes were pretty delicious but i thought the frittata was just ok. their ketchup was also ok...just wasn't in love with it.

well, that's all folks. my two cents. would i go back? sure, maybe if i'm in the hood and felt like it...would i go out of my way? probably not.
Hugely popular (as is obvious from all its Yelping), but needs more room!  The place is tiny, and if you go during peak times (I won't even think of it for weekend brunch), you will wait (usually for about 20 minutes) for a table.

Another one of those places where they call the shots.  If you are one of those people who thinks they can go somewhere and make nitpicky requests, you'll be greeted with an eyeroll.  That said, the servers are efficient - never overly exuberant, but friendly enough.

The food tends to take a while because the place is so damn busy, but it never sits around and is made fresh - it arrives piping hot, and is always fresh, delicious and generally healthy.

I also have a thing for their coffee - it is sooo good.  I think it is just Le Colombe, but the big stainless steel mugs give it something.

I definitely recommend it, just be sure to check it out during off-peak times.
So I've heard a lot of good things about this place.  A TON.  I was pretty excited to come here.  When I got there I looked at the menu, and scanned it back and front, breakfast and lunch, and I really couldn't find one thing I REALLY wanted.  That was the first problem.  Menu was unexciting.  Big, but unexciting.

Second problem.  The food was unexciting.  We had a cinnamon and pear muffin.  I guess it was good.  Nothing to write home about.  I think I could get a similar one at starbucks.  My food came out.  It was good.    

Then I left.  And I wrote this review.  And now I will probably forget about Sam's Morning Glory Diner.

Oh yeah I have to edit in, the ketchup was really gross, and I won't forget that.  I don't get anyone who loves that WTF?
Been coming here for years. Recruiting my wife along the way for the monkey bread French toast.  Well, today is the last time I will ever show my face there ever again. Though I always appreciate a robust political debate now and again, there is zero reason why you should poster your hate for one group over another in a business establishment. When one person doesn't share your same opinion, and you pepper your venom all over the walls and your menu it makes people very uncomfortable. Especially when a persons view is different than yours. How do I know you won't add something extra to the food if you knew I wasn't on your end of the spectrum?! I came here for the food, not your political view of someone. So as I said, I will be boycotting your establishment. Telling all my family and friends about your stupidity.  Oh and by the way...the food as been going on a down slide for the past few years. Your servers seem less then interested in serving your customers, and TRUMP IS STILL YOUR PRESIDENT! Have an Nice day and God bless America and PRESIDENT TRUMP!!! #MAGA
Sam's Morning Glory Diner is to be honest nothing spectacular, though that's my own opinion. I had not heard of the restaurant coming into town, until some close friends of mine took us there after going through the Italian market. 

The service was good I would say, coffee and water refills were frequent and the food came out very quickly. The quality of the food was mediocre but you would expect that when looking at the atmosphere and cleanliness of the restaurant. 

Lastly, the political agenda is NOT needed. We may all have our different political views, but trying to shove yours down the throat of your customers is very unprofessional. There is no need for your posters on all the windows, as well as dishes mocking our President. 

**I have lost all respect for this restaurant after seeing how they care for their American Flags. An upside down American Flag is not mature, we are all citizens in this amazing country. You may think that your antics are justified but the utter disrespect for our flag does not only rub patrons the wrong way but it disrespects those who have put their lives on the line for our country.**

I am sad to see a restaurant like this.
i love it here, i do, even though getting my favie two waiters is always a crap shoot, and one of them has gotten significantly grouchier over the past 10 years or so. regardless, the food here is delicious, wholesome good ingredients with a slight touch of the hippie. highlights include the smoked salmon sandwich on toasted challah, any and all egg dishes, grits and bacon breakfasts, their homemade (and delicious) ketchup and biscuits, the glorious grilled cheese and their messy but delicious veggie burger. oh, and their pies and sweet breads (not sweetbreads) are heavenly, especially with the jam they have. damn i wish i was there right now.....

and yes, the yuppies have found it, but they found it years ago. the college kids and their parents, they're starting to make me a little crazy. it is also a great place to watch people spend their, erm, 'forst morning together'. hehehe, many awkward glances, ruffling of hair and stares off into space. love it!
service here is HORRIBLE.  the last two times i've gone, the servers have been openly rude.  the first time they were rude to the couple who sat down next to my friend and me.  the second time they were rude to my friends and me.

Time Number One: An nice elderly couple who simply didn't understand that there was a line somehow managed to walk in and sit down at a table.  Rather than ask them to get up or wait or anything, the server let them stay but then took a mean tone with them. He then proceeded to be rude to them throughout their entire meal, which dampened the atmosphere and ruined my meal.  

Time Number Two: My friends and I had just finished our meal, the server had just taken away our plates, but we were still sipping our coffee.  Seconds later, the hostess approached our table, pointed to a sign, and asked, with enough attitude to knock over a cow, "Did you guys even read the sign?"  The sign stated that we should be mindful of others who were waiting for tables, but before we could even read the sign, the hostess--in a harsh, non-playful tone--told us to leave.
I'll make this easy.

Grits.
Turkey sausage.
'Nuff said.

But to go further, it's tough eating out as a Muslim. I long for my pre-Muslim days when I could get eggs and bacon and clog my arteries like any other poor Joe. But now, with dietary constrictions [I'm not complaining, just lamenting - there's a difference] I am often relegated to the non-breakfast meat section. But Morning Glory serves turkey sausage. And not just humdrum turkey sausage, but good stuff. And when I ask for runny eggs, I get runny eggs! Like, you can see the bacteria lookin' you square in the eye saying, "c'mon, I double dog dare ya'!". Toss in a biscuit [biscuit? who makes biscuits anymore?!], a cup o'coffee and good service and what do you get? In my case, 5lbs. in a week!

Did I mention jam?
Sometimes home tastes like The a Morning Glory. First city breakfast for while. It was amazing comfortable. I've been  eating here for 25-30 years... way too long. Great perfect eggs, crispy bacon, fluffy pancakes with real maple syrup. Life can be simply this good.
A great way to spend an entire Sunday morning...
-----
Because that's how long it will take to get your order!

Just the facts:
Cash only

 Almost everything, is made from scratch, including the ketchup

Army mess hall-style coffee cups (but it's insulated!)

"See Jane Burn" Hot sauce - funny label, not so funny heat (cayenne pepper + oleoresin cayenne = woah!) 

Awesome breakfast pizza - light, fluffy focaccia. I recommend getting it with breakfast meat. 

Frittata italia - ok, not great. But the freshly made biscuit helped salvage it.  

VERY LONG WAITS - from getting seated (30-40 min) to getting your food order (another 45 min), unless you get the monkey French toast or pancakes. That's before you even achieve fork-to-mouth time. Yes I know it's brunch, but it's annoying that people seated after you get their orders sooner. 

If I cone back, it has to be on a weekday.
I've been going to Sam's on and off for about 10 years now. I sort of forgot about it recently and was reminded by a Groupon.  I already knew the wait times are long, and since we got there at 9AM on Sunday, we didn't wait long. 

Bottom line: food is very good, cool place...service is abysmal. And you know what...10 years ago it was harder to fine great brunch spots in Philly..now a days...why would I return to a place that treats you like they're doing you a favor by serving you?

The waitress was OK until my friend asked if he could have some honey, to which she said "OK" as if bothered and then a rude "you know...there's jelly right there" pointing to the metal container, opening the lid and throwing it back on. 

When it came time to pay, my wife and I wanted to use the Groupon for ourselves and I asked if we could get two separate checks. The waitress told me "we don't split checks". Frankly I just wanted to be discreet about using my Groupon since our friends didn't have one...I asked her politely if she wouldn't mind doing it anyway (would take 20 seconds). She looked at me and said "What? you guys can't figure out the math?" I was kinda shocked and said "Can't you speak to me nicely?" she said "Well..I'm really busy..." Not even an apology.

So, sorry, but as Willie from Restaurant Stakeout says: "customer is king." I didn't ask for too much, yet got treated rudely.

It's not a South Philly thing, it's not a Philly thing...it's a problem with this place in particular as one can see from other reviews.
I wrote off Morning Glory for a while. I think it's because the menu mainstay is the housemade frittata, and over the last year or so I've made some awesome ones at home. So why would I go out to eat at a place that doesn't do anything that I can't do myself? That thinking was a mistake. I brunched with Bryanna last Saturday.

Fair warning: Weekend Morning Glory can cause epic waiting. We were seated in about twenty minutes, which isn't bad at all. The weather is approaching where they can open up the back patio, which is great asset.

My visit reminded me that I love so much about this spot. Coffee is served in stainless steel mugs. They have delicious homemade ketchup. The biscuits served with the meal are thick and buttery, and can be topped with jam. And the rest of the food is fantastic. I ordered a frittata with cremini, portobello, and shiitake mushrooms. I loved every bite, and it was a filling meal. Bryanna had the breakfast sandwich, claiming it was her favorite in the city. It's served on some seriously awesome foccacia.

The service here was pleasant, and the prices are right in line with any diner/brunchery. The menu has a lot of choices, and there are daily specials to supplement the choices. 

Bottom Line: Morning Glory is excellent. It's near the top of my list for favorite brunch spots.
I've been back twice more and had a great experience both times. One more star for you! :)

Definitely try the smoked salmon and goat cheese omelette (see pic). The plate also comes with a biscuit, cinnamon apples, and home fries. All this for $10. Yum! I've also tried the pecan waffle and thought that was also pretty good. The peach whip cream gave it a very interesting twist. 

Definitely is now my favorite brunch place in Philly!
I didn't have a long wait and the food was delicious and well-priced. However, I am giving a low rating because I twice witnessed the owner saying to members of the wait staff, "If you can't speak English, you shouldn't be here." I had no difficulty communicating with the wait staff and felt that her comments made me uncomfortable (I can't imagine what it is like to work there.)The menu mocks Trump, but the atmosphere felt unwelcoming.
I'd come here over Sabrina's in a heartbeat.  It feels like less of an ordeal and they aren't trying to live up some preconceived notion of greatness.  They just do their thing.  Yeah the service isn't always polite, and it's a bit crammed, but if you ask me, that adds to the charm.  I always leave Morning Glory feeling super full & satisfied.

Major props for being the only place in Philly (to my knowledge) that makes their own ketchup (I know it's a contentious issue, but I'm on the PRO side).  Some of my friends think it tastes too sweet for their liking.  

Their hours are not ideal & the wait outside is sometimes annoying, but they are very veggie-friendly, portions are extremely generous, and it's one of the few places where I actually enjoy sitting at the bar.  Now that I have my snazzy new bike, I'll definitely make a trip over here again soon.
The noise, the crowd, the wait and the tight space is so worth it! I have my favorite diner in my hometown where I typically get a frittata for breakfast, but Sam's garden veggie frittata was 10000 times better! The greens and the ham, and the potatoes set into the eggs it was just too perfect for words. The square biscuit threw me off at first, but I dare you not to melt after your first bite. We came here with regulars and this place was packed to the brim on prime time sunday morning despite cruddy weather so expect a wait and come early. Parking was a pain, but overall the inconvenience was well worth it. Per our friends you can't go wrong with anything you order from here
My fritatta was good, though a bit overcooked on the bottom.  The coffee was good, and the bread (I substituted from the biscuit) was hearty and great.  I enjoyed the homemade ketchup-not too sweet and a bit spicer than run-of-the-mill Heinz.

Every visit here as been excellent.  Good coffee, quick service.  For those who enjoy scrapple, it's good to know that the scrapple here is really good.  I've have fritatta, a traditional two-egg breakfast, and various specials including Mexican-style egg dishes.  Not a bad meal in the bunch. The last time I visited, the baked eggs weren't to my liking, but that's because I didn't like the kind of cheese they used.  

Portions are huge.  Ever had leftovers from breakfast?  You will here.

The weekend wait can be long, but we opt to go on a weekday instead. It's worth getting up early (or going in to work late).
This place used to be really great but the quality control has gone down hill.

We waited about 15 minutes for a table for two outside.  Which wouldn't have been bad but it was 15 degrees out, snowing, and they had this tiny fire burning which didn't keep you warm at all, shouldn't be called a fire, it was a candle. Not sure why they dont set up their awning to help shield patrons from the elements.

The Food. yikes. My mother had the waldorf salad. BLAND BLAND BLAND. She is not a person who likes salty foods, she hardly ever reaches for the salt shaker. I couldn't tell you how many times she had to put salt on her dish. This salad used to be delicious, I have had it in the past, granted about two years ago i last had it. Maybe that should tell the restaurant something.  Time to revamp your menu.

I ordered the Eggs Benedict with steak.  Mind you it was a special, and it was listed Eggs Benedict Florentine, but I said I didn't like spinach so could they just give me regular eggs Benedict, no spinach.  The waiter looked at me completely confused and said so you just want a poached egg? UM no, I want the dish just without spinach.  He finally got to the same page I was on.  My dish came and I didn't even know what i was looking at. The Hollandaise sauce, consistency was like water and it tasted like water. So there was just a puddle on my plate.  The steak that came with the "Eggs Benedict", he asked me how i wanted it cooked, I said Medium Rare, They brought it to me Well Done. Ugh. Breakfast potatoes had whole leaves of rosemary leaves throughout the potatoes, so it was great having the rosemary cling to your throat. 

All in all, it was horrible.  Will not be back.  It was nice knowing you Morning Glory.
I ordered some food for pick-up. I just moved to philly and wanted to try sone local eateries. I ordered on Friday, it is now Monday. Spent all weekend throwing up. I wouldn't recommend this food at all. Also, seen the worker inside sneeze near the food station twice. No mask was being worn. Stay away for your own health
The worst experience I have ever had at a restaurant. When my friend and I went we were told that there would be a 5-10 minute wait. We ended up waiting for 40 minutes outside in the cold. When they finally sat us and took our order we had to wait another 30 minutes for food...

The meals we had were absolutely terrible. Not exaggerating that this was the worst tasting breakfast I've ever had. My friend ordered the Neighborhood Frittata and I ordered the Breakfast Burrito. Both were disgusting. The eggs were so bland, almost tasted like they were watered down, the potatoes sucked, and basically everything else was terrible. On top of that, even the condiments are gross. Their homemade ketchup is atrocious, almost threw up after tasting it.

And to top it all off, the service was appalling. The staff was lackluster and rude. They kept giving us dirty looks and lied to our faces about the wait times. Not to mention, the owner is obnoxiously far left. There is unsavory propaganda all over the restaurant. Terrible vibes in this tiny pathetic diner. It honestly blows my mind that there are so many good reviews. Don't waste your money and time here.
The morning glory hole diner is very over priced and filled with pretentious staff that majored in a liberal arts degree and are educated now. 

This place does in fact live up to its name and does have glory holes for use, which is the only positive thing about this place. They are very inclusive of all genders that use their glory holes including pangenders.

Don't forget to wear your MAGA hat while you visit Sam's Morning Glory Hole Diner. They aren't bigots and are very inclusive of trump supporters and all people of different faiths, religions, ideology but there food is still garbage so I have to still give them a 1 star.
Just like in a bad romance, once the initial attraction wears off, all of the faults become exposed. Some of them, like leaving clothes all over the floor, though unpleasant are acceptable. But others, like a 29 year old man trying to turn you into girlfriend/mom, are deal breakers. 

In Morning Glory's case, initially the eggs were great. But try and substitute anything, or mention a food allergy, or any area that might call for compromise, and you might as well be asking them to recreate a whole menu for you on the spot. And not just any menu, a menu that would have won "Best of Philly" in the 90s. 

After this, I am convinced they give that title out entirely too easy. 

Of course, even after waiting OUTSIDE, in the cold, spring rain for 30 minutes for a table, you can't seriously be asking them to crack an egg and scramble it for you, because if you haven't noticed-- there are other customers willing to not have dairy allergy. 

All of the eggs are pre-scrambled, presumably the day before, and mixed with buttermilk. If you would like something without dairy, you can have an egg, fried, or two eggs, fried, from the al a carte section of the menu. :-) YAY for an exciting Sunday breakfast!!! Because clearly, I couldn't do better at home, in my pajamas. If I wanted fried eggs that I could make at home, at least I'd be getting ones with added omega 3s. 

After ordering a cup of coffee and not even taking a sip, putting up with a server who was ignorant, and impatient, I took my mother to the Fitzwater Cafe, where we had the best breakfast in a much cleaner atmosphere. The food at Fitzwater is far superior to the dingy morning glory diner. There is nothing "Finer" about MG. 

He told me I could just leave two dollars on the table for the coffee. That was when he lost my business forever. 

 I should have left nothing.  Hopefully, you will help me get revenge!
Delicious!!

There is always a long wait for this place but I found it worth it (esp. since I live pretty close by). It might be a good idea to walk down to the Italian Market while you're waiting for a seat since people said it can take awhile.

Anyway, to the food!! The monkey french toast was SOOOO good!  It had two thick pieces of toast with bananas and mangoes in the middle. Top it all off with some syrup, caramel, and homemade whip cream. Yum! The frittata, on the other hand, I thought was okay. First time I've had a frittata so maybe I just don't like frittatas in general? I felt the egg was too thick and hard. The rest of the food there looked really good and I'll probably try a pizza next time. If you get a seat at the bar, it is quite entertaining to watch them make the food too. I'm still amazed at how quick it all happens!

Overall, a pretty good brunch place. Seating isn't good for big groups and it is priced reasonably.
My then, new fiance (now husband) surprised me with a brunch here the morning after he asked me to marry him! He did some research of best brunches in the city at the time and really wanted to try this one (I'm sure learning that a Philadelphia Phillie he admires eats there often helped too- ha ha). 

I'm pretty sure they don't take reservations because we waited outside in the cold rain in October, but I was on cloud nine and staring at my new shiny diamond which helped to pass the time. We waited in a pretty large crowd in what looked like a cute little courtyard which I am sure would be perfect on a beautiful spring morning. 

It's pretty tight and crowded inside but the food was worth it. We had crab and shrimp eggs Benedict (his favorite breakfast food but this was the best version of it). It had perfectly grilled asparagus and hollandaise of course. It was overflowing with lump crab and large shrimp. It was AMAZING!! They have fresh squeezed oj and this delicious homemade spicy ketchup served in carafes (don't ask how they make it, they won't share). This meal was to die for! 

We had it for take out at another time and was just as good. We were so excited so we brought some friends back. We didn't wait as long this time, but we discover our favorite meal was a special and not available all of the time. Bummer. Everyone was pleased with their meals but really the crab and shrimp eggs Benedict we had the previous visit was something really special! We wish it was on the regular menu. 

The downfall of this place was the crowd, but anyone who lives in the city knows that you're going to get that anywhere worth eating at on a Sunday/ Saturday morning.
The food was not very good. the biscuit is huge, dry, and salty (and i love salt). The "homefries" are roasted potatoes and the homemade "ketchup" is marinara. Roasted potatoes with marinara? if it said that on the menu nobody would order it.
Service: First and foremost, I've worked in the food/hospitality industry for over seven years now so I understand how it is to be under pressure of a busy restaurant atmosphere but it doesn't justify horrible service. I came for brunch on a busy Friday afternoon, the wait for a table wasn't as bad as I expected but the wait for service took a bit. When we finally received service, it was very poor and inattentive. Before I started my order, I told the server I have a groupon voucher and then he rushed through our order. Close to the end of our meal, not only did he toss my check onto my plate before I could finish my meal, he also failed to acknowledge that I even mentioned the voucher. When I went up to pay at the register, he snatched the money out of my hand. I found that to be very disrespectful.

Food: I ordered the ribeye steak and eggs. I specifically requested for my steak to be cooked medium rare. I received my steak very well done, which was a big disappointment. The only thing that he got right was my eggs being sunny side up. I would have overlooked the bad service if the food was at least satisfying but unfortunately, it wasn't. Not only that, I had two glasses of orange juice that were rimmed with a layer of what looked like a combination of lint and mold. Overall, my morning experience wasn't so glorifying at Sam's.
Best of Philly is well deserved.  I'm going to cut right to the chase about other people's misdealings with this place as unfairly over-assessed.  Just because they can't take a credit card and the wait is a little long, doesn't mean the food, the staff, or the charm should be cast in a sub-4-star light.

As some folks have very accurately described, weekends are tough on the hurried or ravenously hungry.  A 30-45 minute wait to sit at a table is perfectly possible, but in my opinion the spoils are worth the journey.  I suppose some folks show up without a smart phone, or without interesting enough company  to pass a short wait, and then flame the reviews without consideration for what it is that makes this place Philly's Best breakfast/brunch spot.

The regular menu contains all your breakfast classics and a regular selection of frittata's that are loaded with fresh ingredients (and quite an untaking for even the hungriest patron).  The ketchup is a house recipe, so be sure to order a side of potatoes so you have something to put it on.  The biscuits and jam are a mainstay and we generally order 1 or 2 to go for the following morning.

The specials change quite often, so its always worth swinging by to see what's new.  This past weekend I jumped on the Mango and Pineapple Belgian waffle with homemade  whip cream; it didn't even need syrup. A+

Jenny, who is the manager and responsible for most of the menu and specials assured me upon my request that she'd bring back the Pumpkin Brulee French Toast in the coming weeks.  I hadn't known the meaning of a good breakfast until I had it last year.

Steak and Eggs is a good fall-back and their stuffed pancakes are heavenly.  The coffee is certainly worth a third cup ;)

The lengthy wait is a function of the quality of the food.  The wait represents continued excellence and a very loyal and satisfied clientelle.
Been here many times before but it's just starting to look slummy.  Prices are still way high ($15+ for breakfast) and they only takes cash.  It's fine for a renovation.  Food is good but used to be cleaner. 

Need to get back to advertising clean, organic food and get the off-brand yellow sweetener off the table.  If I am paying premium prices for food, the surroundings need to reflect it.
Delicious food.
Reasonably priced.
Very cramped seating.
Claimed that they were gluten-conscious, but they were NOT accommodating.

The servers are friendly.
They offer outdoor seating, but it simply wasn't an option in the near 90 degree weather with humidity.

The political agenda was kind of weird, but I paid it no mind.

The monkey french toast was EPIC!!!  Delicious french toast with banana and mango, with just the right amount of caramel sauce.  I'd return just for this dish!
The bacon was a touch on the fatty side.

Was more impressed by the breakfast food than the lunch food.
Pretty decent cup of coffee as well.
Yes, Sam's Morning Glory Diner was great. We squeezed in sometime during the 2 o'clock hour on Sunday afternoon for a late brunch. After a relatively short wait, we were seated inside. The diner itself is clean and quick. The server was nice and efficient and although disappointing that I couldn't sub in tomato for asparagus, I can't really argue with the no-subs-on-the-weekends rule. 

I had the smoked salmon, asparagus, & goat cheese fritattaa and my boyfriend had the Neighborhood Fritatta. Both were tasty and plentiful. Mine was a little dry and lacked a little in the cheese department, but keep in mind, foods are rarely cheesy enough for me. I enjoyed the warm apple tastiness, even though I could only wedge in one bite. The rye toast was grill-marked and crisp and I sampled part of a biscuit and enjoyed that as well. I'm also a potato fanatic and the taters were okay. The home-made ketchup was different and A-OK, but personally, I prefer the regular stuff.

While I enjoyed the meal and have no real complaints, on my watch, it isn't on the same five-star level as my other favorite brunch spots. I'd give it a 3.5 star rating if I could, but I'm going to air on the 3-star side.
I've been here 3 times and 3 times I have not enjoyed any of what I ate. I kept going back because of all the hype. Smh I don't get the masses sometimes
I was excited to try this place out because it came highly recommended by a friend, in particular because of their homemade "ketchup."  I finally made plans to stop in for brunch one morning and will probably never return again.

I ordered fruit and granola with a side of homefries, because I love homefries, and didn't think their ketchup would go well with the fruit I was having.  The menu said it was mixed fruit with mango.  

When my fruit arrived, it was probably half a strawberry, and the rest was grapes.  No mango.  Mango was the reason I ordered the fruit.  Eventually I tracked down a server and pointed out my missing mango, he looked at me like I had just eaten all the mango, and then asked him for more.  When he returned with my "mango" it was disgusting.  It was mushy and gross and tasted like to had come out of a can.  Does mango even come in a can?  

Philadelphia needs a lesson in homefries because nowhere I have been has been able to get it right yet.  Their roasted potatoes might have been acceptable if I didn't try their "ketchup" which tasted to me like warm marinara sauce.  Yes, like the kind you put on pasta or a meatball sub.  Unacceptable.
Absolutely adorable, with a somewhat organic, quaint feel. Excellent frittatas, craveable pancakes, tender home fries, delicious breakfast burritos, homemade ketchup, and nicely plated portions. Decent hot chocolate. Prices are a bit steep, but redeemed by the quality ingredients. Servers are friendly and laid back (I haven't yet encountered an intimidating server). Unfortunately, the wait for a table often proves to be nefarious, particularly if you are foolish enough to crave breakfast on Saturday mornings in the middle of winter. Why do they never seem to seat people on the patio?
So it's either really early in the morning (like 5 am early) or the middle of the afternoon and you're hankering for some brekkie. Or you better be, because after doing some extensive research I discovered the best time to drop in is around 2 in the afternoon, otherwise you're in for a looooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooong wait. Longer than it took to read that word. It's not a bad wait, though. They provide some sidewalk chalk that you can just go nuts with on their outside patio and waiting area. Some scribbles I read (and totally didn't write) were "Bay of Pigs was SWEET!", "Better red than not fed", "The COLD War", and a weird dude with a mustache. The wait wasn't too long, and I basically kicked my friend's sorry butt in tic-tac-toe a few times, so we were called in shortly and seated at a cozy table.


The menu at Sam's Morning Glory is short but impressive. Lots of frittatas, sandwiches, pancakes, waffles, and other delicious looking dishes. There's also lunch dishes that are probably good, I wouldn't really know though. Some notable favorites include pecan waffles complete with peach flavored butter; monkey French toast with caramelized mangoes and 'nanners, and salmon and goat cheese frittata. We got none of them though! I adored the Gardenkeeper's frittata with greens, ham, and potatoes and my anonymous friend ordered a focaccia breakfast sandwich with eggs, cheese, and bacon. I recommend them both, especially if it's part of the breakfast platter, which includes a choice of grits or potatoes, a biscuit, and some stewed apples. All were very tasty, though the biscuit was definitely the standout piece and deserves a standing ovation. These aren't you're regular biscuits, not the kind you learned to make in seventh grade foods class or some KFC coupon deal, oh no, these things are monsters. The texture is more like a heavy cake, it's quite dense, but the flavor is 100% biscuit. Slather some butter on that sucker and you've got a small baked product fit for God, or, for you atheists, Bill Maher. Sam's Morning Glory also offers five or so desserts that include 'nanner cream and pumpkin cream cheese pies. They also have lots of homemade goods. The ketchup (which is basically marinara sauce), flavored butters, steaming hot chocolate (don't guzzle the fog machine in that son ova gun) are all home made. The environment is small and very mom and pop, not too far from south Philly and South Street, and the service is nice. This joint has reasonable prices for quality food (check plus!) and one unforgettable and all around magnificent breakfast experience. Our meal came to about ten bucks each, and extremely filling. If I could describe Sam's Morning Glory in two simple words: So moist. Or brilliant biscuits. Or delectable diner.
I have to admit Sam's Morning Glory Diner was not on my "must visit" list when I originally planned my trip to Philadelphia, mostly because I'd heard seating was incredibly limited and waits could top 2 hours.  Waking up the day after Amada's pig roast and heading north while chatting with my Aunt I passed the "Singing Fountain" and decided to alter my path from the previous day.....as it turns out the path would lead me right past the door of Sam's and upon looking at the menu and seeing no wait I decided to stop in.
 
Stating that they "pride themselves on creating innovative menu items from the best of our local bounty" and listing the local markets they support (The Italian Market and Reading Terminal Market specifically) I have to say I liked the feel of Sam's - it reminded me of a cleaner and less hipster Dottie's True Blue.  Greeted by a friendly young woman at the door and told to sit wherever I like I additionally received a smile and greetings from the pierced and inked young lady at the griddle who would prove quite handy at cooking, conversing, and singing along with the excellent overhead soundtrack featuring U2, Interpol, Radiohead, and more.
 
Seated at a cozy table I was presented with the standard menu and the list of daily specials and my coffee was quickly filled.  A hefty and dark brew served with cream and all sorts of sweeteners I fixed the coffee to my liking and was thrilled by the fact that Sam's allows you to fill your own (and to take a cup for the road.)  Browsing the menu I identified three items I wanted to try but was unfortunately told that half orders could not be accomidated.  Settling on the choice that sounded most unique I waited while watching others receive their Monkey French Toast, enormous fresh biscuits, and omelettes.
 
Approximately 20 minutes passed before my order would arrive, and arrive it did in grand fashion.  Titled Homemade Cornbread French Toast the dish featured "Fresh Orange Zest in our Rich French Toast Batter, topped with Sliced Strawberries and served with Whipped Cream and Maple Syrup" and it was every bit as good as it sounded.  Three thick slices, crispy on the outside and custardesque within the toast had the expected cornmeal texture but lacked the grainy texture of sub-par cornbread and the orange essence was a welcomed touch.  Adding butter and syrup (alas, not pure maple) created a delectable pairing with the fresh berries and whipped cream and the entirety of the dish was surprisingly light, refreshing, and tasty at a mere $9.
 
Finishing up my breakfast and getting another cup of coffee to go I settled the modest tab and was bid farewell by both cook and server.  A friendly place with affordable (and excellent) food I must say I liked Sam's a lot and I understand the long weekend waits.  That said, a better quality syrup and a bit more leniency on half orders is something all breakfast spots need to consider - some people don't just want a big homogenous plate....I really wanted to try that Monkey French Toast.
I've been going to Morning Glory for 6 years straight and while I love love love it, I'm ready for some change. I would love to see a few new items added to this menu. I vividly remember my excitement when I saw a meaty fritatta on special. It had caramelized onions, chorizo, some kind of cheese. Anyway, that was YEARS ago. 

All I'm asking for a little something new. Sure, the staples are great, but it's time for a face lift, methinks. I'll still wait for an hour to eat, but you know, just make it worth my while.
This used to be a cool place to go with great food but now it's turned into a political protest site with tacky signs. We've gone there for over 18 years and it's slowly declined in service and atmosphere. Now it's offensive and angry looking. Don't they care if they offend people? We refused to go in. Sad.
BLUF: 
- Average quality food
- Poor service
- Employees lack social skills

I've given this place two chances now, and the second visit was worse than the first. My first time dining there, the menu options lacked creativity and tasted just as uninspired. Service was lackluster and dismissive. One server made me feel like they were doing me a huge favor when I asked for hot sauce. 

Second visit, my fianc and I show up and notice a sign-in clipboard by the front door but there are all crossed off names on it with no one waiting outside or in the door. We walk in and there are two empty tables as well as two counter spaces open. We are "greeted" by an employee who says absolutely nothing (no hello, no good morning, etc). He just walks up and looks at us. My fianc asked for one of the tables. The worker responds, "Go sign your name on the list outside and I will call you in when I have a table available". Confused, thinking I missed something, we walk out and check the list. Unfortunately, I wasn't confused because there was no one on a waiting list as I originally thought. So we walked back in and at this point two other tables were emptying. 

So let's review: There are now 3 open tables, no one on a waitlist, we've been rudely greeted, and are now being ignored and walked around by the staff. After about 3 minutes, we decided that they obviously didn't want our patronage and left, sealing their fate as the single worst dining experience either of us have had in the city. 

One star for consistency....
We were very disappointed by the service while here on a Saturday morning.... my wife and I ordered frittata and peach pancakes, both specials yet people on both sides seated after us received and finished eating before we received our food..... the ownership also makes there political views well known as we had time to read all the hand made signs in the windows- I prefer breakfast free of politics and served in less than 45 minutes after ordering

The food was good but definitely not worth the $40.00 dollars we paid
What a find. A hole in the wall, oh so good diner. Those biscuits... They make them on a baking sheet and then cut you off a very generous square... wow.. one of those and you are stuffed for the rest of the day. 
The coffee is great, which comes in handy for a breakfast spot. You get that served in a metal mug. Actually all the stuff on the table comes in metal containers. There is even a chilled metal butter container. 
The menu is small but offers something for every taste. The portions are big, the food is tasty, the prices reasonable, and the service is quick. 
What better way to start the morning?
If you are a stout conservative, this may not be the place for you. Judging by the posters in the windows and a mural on their patio, this is more of a liberal hangout. 
Love the giant Morning Glory mural atop the restaurant.
I have never had a more hostile "welcome" in my life, and I'm from New York, supposed king of rudeness and bad vibes. The Morning Glory  needs to get over itself. We showed up at about 9:00 am and there was one couple waiting inside (it was cold) for what looked like at least 4 empty tables. The first acknowledgment we received was a waitress (or maybe hostess - lets call her the "Haitress") with her hand up, like a traffic cop. "Okay," she said, very annoyed, rushing towards us. "You're all gonna have to wait outside." 

Mind you, none of us had said a single thing - we were standing there, waiting. We were not blocking anyone, nor taking up any space needed for service. And it was 30-something degrees out, with a stiff wind. "Can we-" I asked, but before I could say "Put our names down" or whatever, she said "No - just go outside, and we'll call you." We stepped back outside and the Haitress slammed (yes, slammed) the door on us. While we were collecting ourselves, a little shocked, the Haitress was meanwhile putting up a sign on the door that featured a big stop sign and explained all the many, many rules for accessing a table at the Morning Glory diner. 

I opened the door to basically tell the Haitress off, but didn't get a chance. She'd been leaning on the door a bit, so she fell a step or two as I opened it. Thus whatever hate the Haitress was buzzing on prior was now amplified to hummingbird velocity. "I'm calling the cops!" she yelled. I laughed in her face - only a frustrated ex-art school princess would threaten such a thing in a city with a crime rate as high as Philly. We left and walked around the neighborhood a bit and found another place for breakfast, and thankfully never heard police sirens. I had no idea that at the Morning Glory even opening the door and talking to the Haitstaff is grounds for arrest. We found another place with friendlier staff and pretty good food.

I should add, based on other reviews: I eat at a lot of diners, and so I wasn't expecting a 5-star experience (however the prices didn't seem to be exactly dinerish for what it's worth). And by similar boho diner standards, the place was not crowded or cramped, and seemed overstaffed if anything for the amount of tables they have. I don't need a "Hi, honey, how's your mama?" when I come in, but there's never an excuse for hostility or rudeness. And talk about the use of cooking spray, the homemade Ragu ketchup, and ear-picking line cook indicated I didn't miss much food-wise.
Have eaten here three times and the employees have always been snotty, angry punks, who think they're "too cool" ... but the day I stopped going here was the day there was a line of people waiting for them to open and the owners and employees were sitting in there eating, ignoring the waiting customers, not opening until 8:15 (when they're supposed to open at 8).  
Talk about arrogant ... Screw you, you pretentious douchebags ... the food isn't good enough for you to be so arrogant. 
BTW, the homemade ketchup and tin cup coffee are awful. The pecan waffle with peach butter was the only thing that stood out.
I've been coming here for years.  It is one of my favorite breakfast spots in the city.  The food is great, the service is great, and they even have these crazy cool coffee mugs that blow my mind every time- the coffee inside is hot, the cup is metal, but its totally not hot on the outside.  Clearly I'm a nerd.  

The one thing that DRIVES ME CRAZY about this place is the katchup.  Katchup is Katchup... preferably its Heinz... but other times its not... and that's not great... but it's ok.  This brown gunk served in HUGE wine bottles is not katchup... its gross.  Its gross and it ruins my potatos... which i usually take home with me so i can put normal katchup on them and enjoy them the way that potatos SHOULD be enjoyed... or if i'm feeling clever, I'll BRING katchup with me in little packets.  I say that having TRIED their katchup.  I can't even think of it as another condiment, or a sauce.  I just don't find it good... and it makes me sad because it ruins a place that otherwise would be SO fabulous in my books.

The good news is that they always have a line... so clearly they're doing alright...
I highly recommend Morning Glory. It is a small local, shop that has a very homey feeling to it. Meals are cooked on griddles right behind the bar. You can watch your meal go from conception to creation right in front of your eyes. It isn't the largest location in the world, so expect a wait. I think I waited roughly an hour last time I went. It is worth the wait. The menu is very pleasing for anyone looking for a great breakfast. They have many options and people seemed to favor the Frittatas. 

And you must try the coffee here. I am a coffee fanatic. I don't know if it's the water, the roast, or the mugs. But whatever it is this is the BEST coffee I have ever had. Again I cant put my finger on it, but they don't just do coffee right here, they set the standard. 

Make sure to get there early and expect to wait on the weekends. They don't have much seating for you to wait, but trust me, do not get frustrated. Continue the wait and you will be treated to a great, homey meal.
Why would anyone come here?!? Food is garbage ingredients, bland and takes 45 mins to appear. Service is crap and the coffee is like drinking brown water. Much better diners exist and don't claim to give you fresh squeezed OJ for $4 then leave the OJ jug from the store sitting on the counter. Never going back.
DO NOT GO TO THIS PLACE ! I Was outside picking up food & saw around 3 to 4 baby roaches crawling inside on their windows.  You could also see mice droppings. It's very clear they haven't been cleaning their restaurant during this time.
The biscuits. That is all. That's all you need to know. Seriously. I'm not kidding. The biscuits. 

I like my biscuits served up covered in sausage gravy, eggs over easy and a side of good ole American hospitality. Sam's is always busy, always worth it and a solid example of small business doing it their way and making an impact.
Excellent long standing breakfast diner like place. They serve one of the best morning free refill coffees and steak and eggs I've had so far. 

The wait isn't too long, they are currently seating indoors and outdoors with a roof. The wait time though is super long. People who came in a second before us already finished eating and paid the bill and we just got our food, it was weird. We also saw other tables coming in way after us getting served much quicker, perhaps it was a fluke? Will check back again next time and see how it is but I'm definitely loving the flavors.

Atmosphere is contemporary, nothing too crazy artsy. Would recommend some decorations and color, would really suit this place better.

Clean bathroom with plenty of towels and toilet paper. Good separations between tables with plastic walls.

Waiter is super nice
Shit dude I didn't know there was a Sam's in the name.

This place is fantastic. The service is amazing, the food is amazing, the coffee is amazing. Also the wait is too long, there's no booze, no outside, and worst of all, the low hard ceiling makes it LOUD AS SHIT in here, so even though I live next door I never ever come here ever. Hawthorne's is always right down the street and I know I can start eating within 7 minutes of sitting down.
Homemade Ketchup....talk dirty to me! 

Great place for breakfast/brunch.  It is a simple diner style place, so don't expect the upscale brunch experience.  But if you are looking for good food then come here.  They have all the staples you would expect at a breakfast joint, along with some other items that are more unique, such as breakfast pizza and a host of different types of frittatas.  They also add some of their own flare to dining experience by providing homemade ketchup which has a ketchup/bloody mary taste to it, and is delicious.  

You should be aware that the place is small so a wait should be expected on weekends.  There is a sign up sheet to put your name, rather than giving your name to a host.  Then you can wait outside on the patio until you get called in. 

Service is good and quick.
After eating here this morning and several other times over the past year it's time to write a review. 
I'll get right to the point. After this mornings experience I'll be all set if I never go back to this restaurant. The bad experience started with the wait to be seated. Don't get me wrong, I don't mind waiting. But I do mind when the host seats two couples before you that signed in after you. That's piss-poor. And when we politely addressed the host about this after being seated he brushed us off. So blonde-haired thirty-something in the white shirt on Sunday morning, you're a real douche. How hard is it to follow a sign-up list man? Really?
So after we get our food, which was delivered by the host, he bolted without asking if we needed anything else or giving us enough time to even ask. Well guess what... We did. There wasn't any of their "special" ketchup on the table and ketchup is essential to home fries. So I had to flag down the busgirl in order to get some. Which speaking of the ketchup ain't so special. As a matter of fact it isn't good. It's just passable as something to dress up the potatoes.  
Speaking of the food, it's really nothing to get excited about. It's kind of limited and honestly Sabrina's just around the corner is way better.
So over the last year I've not been terribly impressed by Morning Glory but not enough for me to write the place off. But after this morning I'm done with the place. I'll give my business to Sabrina's where the staff are way more friendly, the menu has better choices, and the food is far better.
You know, I've lived in Philadelphia for almost 3 years now and just now got around to trying Morning Glory. I kind of wish I had tried it sooner because I ventured there with hundreds of rave reviews from good and dear friends floating around in my head and expected the most amazing brunch of my life. Unfortunately, the curse of over-hyped restaurants struck again and I was just not blown away. 

I was promised that the frittatas were the way to go, so that is the path at chose to follow. Of course, I probably would've ordered them anyway because I'm a sucker for eggs and cheese and apparently high cholesterol. They were eh. I forget what I had exactly because this is one of those reviews that I started weeks ago and forgot to finish, but it definitely had vegetables and goat cheese. Of this I am sure. It was a huge portion, but the amount of goat cheese in the dish itself was lacking. The rosemary potatoes were good, although something missing from those too. I think it may be the lack of salt. But again, I apparently love high cholesterol and over-salt things as well. They have home-made ketchup as well and it's served in a super pretty frosted vase-looking container, but I wasn't a fan. It was really runny and reminded me of marinara sauce. Am I a bad person for not liking home-made ketchup? I kind of feel like I am. 

The coffee is delicious. I love it. I would go here just for the coffee.

Service is, well, efficient. It's kind of like Tria in the sense that you never really know who your server is because the staff will do it's part to make sure the food gets out as soon as it's ready. Although, unlike Tria, I feel like they do that to ensure the turn-over of tables - especially on the weekends. This is not a place to sit and linger over a cup of coffee when the wait list is going in full-force. Speaking of which, the wait is never that terrible. I think I waited 10 minutes max. 

Would I go back? Yes, although I wouldn't make it a point of go out of my way. I'm a die-hard Sabrina's fan, so why go here when Sabrina's is right around the corner?
I finally made it to Sam's Morning Glory Diner on a morning without a wait. With all the hype surrounding the place, I was pretty satisfied with my meal but not blown away.

Honestly, I'm not a big fan of the "sweet breakfast" like pancakes, waffles, and french toast, etc. I love eggs, breakfast sandwiches, breakfast burritos, croissants, breakfast meats, etc. I decided to take a gamble since I had heard so much about Sam's. It doesn't take a lot for me to be satisfied with a breakfast/brunch place if I order the "safe" items.

I ordered the "Monkey French Toast" which was French Toast w/ caramelized bananas and mangoes with whipped cream and strawberries. I really enjoyed my meal which is saying a lot, and I think someone who really enjoys that kind of breakfast would've loved it. I just couldn't quite give it the full five stars, though, as I try to reserve that rating for places that really blow me away. 

I am, however, excited to go back and try something that's more up my alley in the future and will update this review when that happens. Overall, definitely one of the better breakfast places in the area. Coffee was good too by the way, which is usually half the battle for breakfast/brunch places. 

Food - 4/5
Service - 4/5
Atmosphere - 4/5
Get there early or bring a book and wait a short while.  I got there early, we were seated immediately.  The place looks great, the appearance is a good fit in the bella vista area.  The waiters were efficient, friendly, and just noticeably busy enough.

The food is in line with other good philly brunch fare - large but deliciously detailed egg dishes, fun sweet dishes, and nifty juices.  We had ginger lemonade, challah french toast with mango & banana, and breakfast pizza.  They aren't the best brunch I've had, but they're what I expect out of a good philly brunch.

I agree with the previous poster's complaints regarding tin cups for coffee - one shouldn't have to burn their lips when trying to burn their throat.  I disagree about the ketchup though - yes it's homemade and yes it tastes nothing like heinz (more like a cross between barbecue sauce and marinara).  But what are you doing with ketchup anyway?  Good brunches don't need to be slathered in ketchup, but a little hot sauce never hurt.  There's also strawberry jam at the table - I don't know if it's homemade but it went really good on the french toast (and plain by the spoonful).

The ladie & I were out of there for just over $20 before tip.  Slightly more expensive than a diner but a good deal for brunch.  If you're in the area and you already tried Carman's recently, go get your Glory on.
Recommended to us for good brunch, my buddy and I decided to check this spot out on a Thursday morning...our first full day during our short stay in Philadelphia. 

I ordered the tofu scramble (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/-DGsnMlRrR_tv8avrpQLQw?select=IkIvxGPOEQRs_4mBjLJs8w), complete with a biscuit, potatoes and some apple cinnamon sweet dessert side, along with green tea (served in this cute tin-type cup with a slice of lemon). Pretty good. I don't know what I expected the tofu to look like. I guess I just wasn't quite expecting tofu squares...but something that more resembled scrambled eggs? Oh well. 

She ordered granola with soy milk. She was going to order granola with yogurt but they don't have plain, just the fruity kind. 

We didn't have to wait. We sat ourselves down. I've heard this spot gets pretty crowded on the weekends. 

If I'm back in town, I will definitely come back to order other (just-as-yummy, if not more) food items.
guiness stew best in philly...by far....and their salads are the manliest salads in the world they will actually fill u up.
3.5 stars for this neighborhood gem.  My girlfriends and I came to Italian Market to get a nice Sunday brunch.  Most of the popular places require a long wait even as early at 10 AM.  We decided to wait for Sam's Morning Glory because diner/breakfast food just sounded amazing to us that day.  The wait list went by relatively fast and they do a good job getting the line going.  Once we were inside, we were ready to order and eat!  I was excited for the tofu scramble, which is not a traditional breakfast item.  However, I was disappointed to find out they were out of tofu that day.  So I settled for their frittata.  The frittata was very bland and dry.  The homemade ketchup they had was the only savior for it.  My friends weren't a fan of it because it tasted like tomato sauce, but I love it.  However, my breakfast isn't supposed to be tomato sauce, so up till that point I was still a bit disappointed.

The breakfast portion is huge here.  You can judge it by their biscuit, which looks like a big piece of cake.  Despite my best effort, I barely made a dent in it.  It wasn't creamy or soft enough for my liking.  I also have two sides: grits and warm apple.  Both were great and possibly the best parts of my breakfast.

So my friends and I decided to order the Monkey French Toast despite having our own breakfasts.  Because there is always room for dessert!  And thank goodness we did, because the monkey French toast is out of the world.  The maple is just sweet enough, with bananas and MANGOES!  This is bananas!!  I'm so used to seeing blueberry, strawberry, and banana on toast...how would you like some mango instead?  Yes, please!  Despite our initial thought of not being able to finish the monkey French toast, we devoured it in minutes.  We didn't even get to take a picture of it because it was here and then it was gone!  So, please get the monkey French toast.  For yourself or to share!
While visiting Philly with my boyfriend we were craving our NYC-style brunch as one would do on a normal Saturday or Sunday afternoon...so went hunting and stumbled across this diner based on the many positive Yelp reviews. There was a wait (on a cold November day) which they have you penned in the back patio area outside awaiting the host to call your name (write your own name on their list too). It was worth the wait in the cold for 30 minutes to get a seat in this small vintage looking diner. Our food took a while - but like the wait outside, was definitely worth it. The french toast plate was huge and hard to finish and the side order of sausage is a MUST. sooo good! will come back when I visit the City of Brotherly Love again.
Something must have happened to this place in the last couple of years.  When we moved to this hood 7 years ago, in our pre-parenthood days, my SO and I loved it!  We used to bring all our out of town visitors to MG and endured its obnoxious weekend crowds just to eat some of the deliciousness.  The breads used to rock; the service used to hum no matter the chaos around them; and the specials were always surprisingly spot on.  

This afternoon I had another counter lunch (they won't seat a singleton at a table) that was below mediocre.  The biscuit was burned and bland; the crabcakes were an undercooked and bland, fried mess, the cold home fries were overwhelmed by rosemary;  the poached eggs were swimming in a cup of water.  And the service sucked, too.  I asked for an empty cup to drain the egg water into and instead got a couple of butters literally thrown at me across the counter -- I guess he thought I asked for butter instead.  Although it took a while to get my drink/food, they brought my check before I finished my food.  I know this is a diner, but still.  Love lost here.  Bummer.
I always tell people that I really like this place, but when I started to write this review I realized that it's not one of my favorite places. The interior is kind of dreary, but the people that work there are super nice. It's just okay. A-OK!

Breakfast foods aren't really my thing,and sampling most of theirs hasn't changed my mind. I pretty much stick to the West Coast Wrap. It's a pretty legit combination of fresh vegetables. 

When offered the choice of potatoes or salad, I'd suggest going with the potatoes. That way you can use the homemade 'ketchup'. (It has the consistency of a sauce, i bet it'd be great over pasta.)

NOTE: if you're not someone that carries cash, take some out before you get there. They're cash only and they don't have an atm. Sure, there's one across the street, it comes with a nice additional service charge.
This is one of the best places ever. I love everything down to their homemade ketchup. I've had their unexpectedly large breakfast sandwiches and a few other things.

I've only been here for breakfast however. It seems that you've got to get here SUPER early in order to beat the brunch crowd. Make sure you sign in, because I made the mistake of one time arriving before a wave of people, hadn't signed the sheet and thus my name didn't have a spot reserved. Big fail.

If you can get in at a time when there's no wait, this place is definitely worth it.
I really wanted this to be our neighborhood breakfast spot. Literally. The worst service ever. Came in on a Thursday morning when it wasn't crowded with my one year old. You know how impatient toddlers can be. We were seated immediately and then proceeded to watch 4 other people's orders be taken before us. The bus boy brought coffee. That was it. 15 min of sitting and waiting with a hungry baby. All I needed was pancakes. Won't be back. Can't say how the food was because we left and went elsewhere. 


** We gave it another shot... Pancakes were tough and terrible, my nanny's eggs overcooked, my biscuit was delicious and they gave you plenty of butter. Bill came and it was $47 for one order of pancake and two orders of scrambled eggs and coffee. Realized after I left it should have been $37. Bad math? Or intentional? Not sure.
why is this place _always_ packed? i'm not so sure. it seems philly peeps stick to a routine even if it means waiting for an hour for brunch. we go here on monday mornings and skip the weekend hangover zombie attack / infantilisation. babies are not appetizing unless you're an ogre or perhaps a mountain lion. 

food here is consistently better than sabrina's. specials are creative and i concur with others: the biscuit is the go-to choice if you're into dessert for breakfast. if you're not, stop reading this, call your bff, and tell him or her to get over there right now and slap you across your savory little face.

oh, yeah, they're open for lunch, too. being a vegetarian, i like the seitan cheesesteak. it's a different animal than govinda's, but still major-league caliber. 

i'd grant this place a 5th star if only the people i didn't like would stay away. 

one last tip: use the ketchup bottles to clear some space if the riff-raff get too feisty. they've got the necessary heft to intimidate accordingly.
Today was nice day,,so my Brunch Buddy & I wanted to try out this place. 

Maybe its just me,But I determine my Rotation in Brunch places based on my Coffee.
Lets Start:
It's located on 10th & Fitzwater ,,you have to enter in the patio area, self sign in. Seating very limited, counter and only couple tables & booths. We sat at the counter,ordered our coffee which came in steel mugs-felt like  I was camping-lol. 
The blend was Morning Glory's blend, Sorry to say it was very watered down..couldnt taste coffee. Then after second refill..it was Only slightly better. Our waitress was personable, food was good, But Coffee not good..** Not good combo for me to return!!! The French Toast had bananas & mango drizzled with caramel that was on Point!! Not good enough for me to go back though-sad to say. If you can't get the coffee Right-it just won't work for me!!! : ( Sigh-it look so promising too.
For those who just wanna get their grub on, this is great, I need both to work..my coffee & food. Kinda like Peanut Butter & Jelly, it's a combo thing!!!
My husband and I stopped in here mid- afternoon, around 2:30 or so, when we were in the neighborhood buying a house. The place was almost empty and it gets good reviews on Yelp. We will never come back. The server was rude, acting like he was doing us a favor by waiting on us. The food was over priced for what it was, and over all it was just meh...mediocre. It's a shame because we literally live two blocks away...but I refuse to frequent a spot that is over priced and has bad service.
Meh, is right.  I just don't get this place.  Service is so-so at best, food is interesting - but nothing to write home about.

Our worst experience here was pretty bad.  We went to Sam's for a lunch date.  We had a little over an hour to eat, so we figured we'd have heaps of time.  An hour later after ordering we asked our server what was up as we saw people who arrived thirty minutes FINISH their meals.  (We were so nice about it, because we've been servers in the past, and we know mistakes happen.)  Clearly he forgot to put our check in.  

He comes back five minutes later, throws the food on the table.  A few minutes later Mr. Charm askes, "Was it worth the wait?"  No, it wasn't, but thank you for the lack of apology.  

My advice - Pass Sams,  head down to 9th and Christian to Sabrina's.  The staff are less pretentious and the food is better.
Yes yes, the wait is long, but lordy is it worth it.  They have free coffee while you wait outside under the awning among the neat garden sculptures, so they try to make it as pleasant as possible.

I can't add too much more to what the others have already said, so I'll just mention that their homemade ketchup is killer (even if you don't like 'chup, throw some on a bite of something just to try it), and HOLY CRAP their grilled banana bread appetizer is butterriffic and melty and decadent and you'll probably die three years sooner than you're currently scheduled because of it but damn it's worth ever bite.  

Yes, I said appetizer.  Because you need a farkin' appetizer for breakfast.  YES YOU DO.
This is not your average breakfast spot.  Look, there is nothing fancy about it (its a diner right??), the space is cramped and you almost always have to wait but.....the menu is unlike any breakfast I have ever seen.  Its unique.  The biscuits are to die for and I love the homemade ketchup.  If you are visiting philly or live here, this is a must to check out!
I came to Sam's after a really long exam with a bunch of my med school girlfriends. We are always delirious after the exams so that is probably why I forgot to review!! It was definitely a good call to come on a Friday morning ~11:30 AM. We had no wait! The place is definitely small and not good for groups.  We had a group of 6 and fortunately they had one that could accomodate.

All of the food was out of this world good. We were drooling over the Berry Biscuit. It was light, crumbly, salty, and the whipped cream and berries served as the best compliments to the dish. Amazing.

The Neighborhood Frittata, a classic combo of ingredients, did not disappoint. I had a difficult time choosing from this menu, everything was mouth watering! 

I will definitely come back here again, the question is just WHEN I can come back to beat the morning rush!!!
