I'm surprised I never left a review for Sampan, seeing how I've dined here on several occasions.

The food itself is amazing and always on point. I've never walked out of Sampan disappointed in how little the food portions are or what horrible service I've had -- the alcohol and happy hour are very generous, especially for those who work 9 to 5; however, being in the medical field, I'll sadly was never able to attend but when dining at dinner, the alcohol that is poured is very, very generous aka I'm somewhat drunk walking out. Classy, I know.

I'm a huge fan of the kimchi fried rice and pot stickers! The adorable mini ice cream is also my favorite. I've also made a reservation this Thursday to bring a girlfriend that's never been before so I know she's in for a treat.

Sampan's architecture and interior is also to die for and a great addition on 13th street.
Happy hour 4-7, everyday. Graffiti bar, sampan and double knot share a kitchen so they basically have the same menu, at least for happy hour. Keep reading because it gets better. 

Sampan is ALWAYS packed for HH. My friend and I were lucky enough to walk in as two seats at the chef's table opened up. The open kitchen was a neat view because we saw everything made right in front of us! 

My friend ordered a ming mule and we shared chicken bao buns, the Vietnamese chicken satay, edamame dumplings, the Kung pao chicken wings, and the vegetarian fried rice ( secret HH item cause it's not on the menu). My favorite items are the edamame dumplings and the fried rice. The wings were average but best bang for your buck because you get about 7 wings per order. Towards the end of our meal, I laid eyes on mini ice cream cones being made for someone else. So naturally, I got one of each flavor: Vanilla latte and Nutella.

Final price with tax for 1 drink + 5 plates + 2 mini ice cream cones = $33. 

See, I told you it gets better.
Chef Michael Schulson's take on banh mi isn't awe-inspiring, but I can't besmirch a restaurant based on a single sandwich[1]. Their pork variety is only $7 (lunch price; credit cards accepted), and nets you a bag of Utz chips and a soda[2]. Inside the bread, find cucumber, carrots, and a Berkshire pork belly. The roll's decent, but overall the sandwich doesn't quite capture "asian street flavors" - it's a tad sweet. However, banh mi purists won't be disappointed; they simply won't be blown away. 

The rest of the menu fares better. Rock shrimp lettuce cups tickle the senses, while roasted scallops satisfy. I haven't had their crab wonton tacos yet, but throw cilantro on anything and I'm a fan.

Sampan continues to be a welcome addition to Philadelphia's restaurant scene: they score major style points, from a striking front to their bold graffiti bar. Hospitality is much appreciated, too. Thanks to the accommodating staff (bartender George, and others) for their service.

[1] Unless they're a sandwichery.
[2] Asked to be surprised and got a cherry Coke. Haven't had one in years!
I come for HH here once or twice a month and never can get enough of this place. One of the best spots in town for HH. The menu is well priced and very extensive. HH portions are big enough. 
I am a vegan and can always find few items for myself. They usually are willing to customize some of their items for my needs, as well. The staff here is very polite and well-trained! Very nice and professional floor management, as well. 
For some reason every time my friends and I try to pick a place for a HH, we always land here. 
FYI Reservation is made through resy and HH is outside, but the place has covered booths and heaters.
Round two at Sampan was another very enjoyable experience.  This time around, we were seated in the larger room near the open kitchen.  Once again, it was difficult to pinpoint exactly which dishes we wanted to try.  Our server was knowledgeable about the menu and made suggestions based on our questions.  

The first selection to arrive was the "Philly Cheese Steak," which consisted of four toast rounds topped with shredded beef, wisps of shallot and a drizzle of Sriracha.  Bursting with flavor and heat, they were a very promising start to the meal.  The next two dishes were repeats from our first visit: edamame dumplings and crab and curry fritters.  Again, these were good but the flavors seemed weaker this time around.  We decided that, had the ordering of the plates been: dumplings, fritters, cheese steak, the richness would have built and we would have appreciated the lighter dishes more.  

Next up were the Korean rice cakes.  The little doughy discs arrived in a bowl, smothered with ground sausage, chopped green onion, spices and a tasty sauce.  At first, I wasn't sure how I felt about the texture, but it grew on me and I went back for more and ended up really enjoying the uniqueness.  

The seared snapper followed, and while the fish was prepared well, I was indifferent overall.  The diced mango on top did not provide much flavor, as if the fruit was not yet ripe, and the sausage did not really blend with the fish for me.  

Our last savory item was the petite filet, which we ordered medium.  The filet arrived with very little pinkness and only in the very center slices.  The soy butter foam provided some extra moistness, but the mustard smear lacked a kick.  

For dessert, we tried the popular soft serve and the banana chocolate cakes.  The latter dessert was a picture perfect piece of food art, but I was partial to the adorable baby soft serve cones.  The flavors, vanilla butter popcorn and salted chocolate, reminded me of the frozen custard I grew up eating on hot summer nights down the shore.    

I really enjoy Sampan.  The wide-ranging menu provides a new discovery on each visit, and the restaurant is versatile enough for a quick bite, cocktail at the bar or a complete dining experience.
Wanna have an exotic dinner in a warm ambiance? Nom Nom.
Unwind Al fresco, and people-watch? Hell yeah!
Happy hour? Did someone said Happy Hour? Wait for me, I'll be there.
Here's the scoop.

Dining at Sampan:
1st rule: You don't JUST Yelp about your Asian-Fusion experience. You also Instagram the hell out of it.
2nd rule: JUST GO.

If you were too lazy to decide what to eat? These are my favorites:
1/ Kim Chee Fried Rice with Shrimp, shallot, sunny side egg. MUST-Have!
Repeat after me: Must-have, especially if you want a happy mouth & a full belly. 
Regular $8.00/ Happy Hour $4.00.

2/ Korean BBQ Beef Satay. Seriously?
No one can really can't go wrong with Grilled Short Ribs. Kim Chee, and ginger are part of the yummy. 
Regular $10.00/ Happy Hour $3.00.

3/ Chicken Bao Bun with chili sauce, shallot, and basil.
BAO-Chicka-Wow-Wow.
Haven't tried these little pillows of steamed bread-like, filled with marinated chicken cutlets (with ginger & chiles)? Zzzz you are boring.
My advice: You need to get these buns in your life ASAP.
Regular $7.00/ Happy Hour $4.00.

4/ Shrimp Dumpling.
Love at first bite. Enough said!
Regular $7.00/ Happy Hour $4.00.

5/ Mid-Town Punch Scorpion Bowl. 
Because Scorpion Bowl is always a good idea. 
Don't forget to go to the outdoor and COOL bar behind Sampan: Graffiti Bar.
Happy Hour $25.00. 

Tip: Ordering Chef's Tasting menu ( $45.00/ 7 Selections ) will knock your socks off.

Four and Three-Quarter Yelps.
We reserved a table for an early dinner on a Saturday night to celebrate my birthday. We arrived early and were seated right away.  I immediately loved the atmosphere.  The wall that changes color is cool. Our waitress was very attentive and helped us navigate the menu. We decided to order the tasting menu.  All 9 dishes we ordered were equally amazing. The rock shrimp, pad thai, scallops, general tso dumplings, and short rib lo mein, are all highly recommended.  I want more. The bonus mini ice cream cones were the perfect finish.
I've been to Sampan numerous times. With friends, for my birthday, an intimate setting, etc. This restaurant is one of my favorite places to eat in Philly! The atmosphere is dimmed and chill on the inside and outdoor seating is on the sidewalk. All about preference!

I loveeee being able to choose flavorful foods from Sampan's different categories on their menu -- as well as sharing those items with others. Sampan has a great happy hour too! Also, you're able to easily make reservations on Resy.

This particular night, I did not go for the chef tasting menu (7 selections for $45 per person). I tried their edamame dumpling (one of my favs, broth so good and it has a smoky sort of flavor), crab wonton taco (first time trying and it was so good; wasn't expecting it to be cold but still delicious), scallops (another one of my favs; cooked to perfection), and shrimp pad Thai (requested no tofu; amazingly tasty and a big portion). Lastly, ordered their Thai Punch. You can definitely taste the alcohol and overall a good a** drink!

Staff was cool. The servers brought the food out FRESH and would describe what the dish was before walking off. Another thing, I LOVE that the staff brings the food right out after it's been cooked! 

I love this place! No complaints!
This is the first restaurant I visited since the lock downs started in March. Granted, I've been to Sampan many times over the past 5 years for happy hour and dinner since moving back home but revisiting any familiar place during COVID, with all the changes and restrictions, makes the experience strange and new. 

A close friend who I also had not seen since March made a reservation (no just walking up and claiming a table) so we could have an after work happy hour. We both arrived, masked, just a few minutes before 3 while the masked hostess outdoors was setting up her station with paper menus and hand sanitizer. She showed us to a table for 2 set up against the outside wall of Sampan. Tables were all 6 feet apart and a portion of the street in front of the restaurant was also cordoned off and made into a dining area. Again, tables were correctly distanced. 

Our table was on a distinct tilt; not bad enough so that eating implements and food rolled off but significant enough that we were not 100% comfortable. On the other hand, it was preferable to sitting in the street as regular, Friday Philly traffic rolled noisily and closely by.  

All tables were bare for easy cleaning between patrons. Our server, masked and gloved, took our order and chatted happily with us about being very glad to be back to work again. We told her we were utterly sick of our own cooking and, in Nick's case, delivered food. The atmosphere here was noisy (sirens, motorbikes, raised voices, horns honking) but festive. Not everyone (other than Sampan staff) we saw was wearing a mask. Of course, those seated and enjoying their food and drink were sans mask, but that was to be expected. 

Nick and I ordered what we usually would have had in pre-COVID days-the house special cocktail (a cranberry/vodka spritzer on this day-very weak), happy hour priced edamame dumplings, crab rangoon, beef skewers, kim chee fried rice, roasted brussels sprouts and roasted shisito peppers. By now, we had several masked servers attending our table, thus the food was coming out rather quickly, crowding our small, tilty table top. 

Happy hour prices have not changed and you'll still get a solid meal if the happy hour bites are going to be your dinner. No shame in that at all. The fried rice was not quite as we remembered; still a very plentiful serving but seeming a bit underseasoned, lackluster and very light on the kim chee. Like what I find at almost every restaurant that offers shisito peppers, these were more soggy than fried/lightly charred; as well, they were served in an oddish way-a big bowl heaped with peppers (making them MORE soggy as they sat and steamed together) with the 'dipping' sauce smeared on one side of the bowl in a thin swathe. This made the peppers hard to 'dip' so we wound up using first a knife, then our fingers, (since it was just the 2 of us) to retrieve some sauce for our peppers. That finger thing isn't something I'd do if I were to eat with a group, though. Regular plates and utensils were used for serving, but chopsticks and napkins were disposable. 

We ate, had several drinks, caught up on the doings and not doings of each other's post-COVID lives and people watched. Not everyone who had a reservation was masked and patrons who were walking around-heading to or returning from the restroom, meeting other members of their party-were usually not masked, either. There also seemed to be a line of people either waiting for their reservation time, or seeing if they could get a spot. There was absolutely no social distancing in the line, most of those waiting were not masked and some of the people were actively hanging onto/leaning on each other. Sure-probably lovers and/or good friends (one would hope)-but still...

Between the traffic and the din of people at last let out of long confinement, lots of unmasked patrons passing our table, the noise level that was fairly high, plus the tilt of the table all made it hard to relax in spite of having quaffed several adult beverages. As a result, we cut our time short, got the check which arrived quickly, paid, tipped generously and headed off to our respective destinations. 

Would I go back? Probably not for awhile. I'm curious to try other outdoor dining situations, like Salty's, K'Far, Zahav's patio and BarBombon's charming looking alley seating. Heck, even a take out picnic in Rittenhouse Square would tickle me. 

Sampan certainly seemed to be doing everything right; maybe this was (for us) like once again dancing or dating for the first time in a long time-awkward and strange, but hopefully something that will become better and easier with time.
A friend and I came here with a girlfriend visiting from nyc. We were impressed by the decor and had fun taking pictures outside the restaurant with the sparkly lights. I enjoy eating family style (you get to try more things!) and this place was perfect for that. 

They mean small when they say "Small" appetizers. The Edamame Dumplings came in a tiny bowl with four bite sized dumplings. They were good but left more to be desired for sure. 

The "Sides" are more worth their money for the bigger portions. Kim Chee Fried Rice was fairly bland, and wasn't spicy like we assumed it would be. Crispy Brussel Sprout was the winner for the night. LOVE the charred-ness and crispy rice puffs. However, they were soaked in soy sauce, so tasted best when mixed with some rice to soak out the sourness. 

We also ordered a "Meat" dish - Grilled Vietnamese Pork Chop. The pork was was nicely cooked but the pineapple fried rice served with it was underwhelming. I wish the pineapple chunks had been larger rather than diced into rice-sized pieces.
Having just left a reception and not being terribly hungry, a friend and I ventured to Sampan to check out the Asian tapas. Wanting to try a little bit of everything, we ordered the chef's tasting menu ($45) which included 7 selections - 2 small plates, 1 satay, 1 cold and hot, 1 meat, 1 fish and 1 side - as well as a complimentary dessert. 

Small plates - Shrimp and lobster dumpling (miso broth, scallion, tofu), philly cheese steak pot stickers
Satay - Kobe beef (apricot, soy, mirin)
Cold/Hot - Crab wonton taco (avocado, pickled salad, cilantro)
Meat - Pekin duck (scallion bun, cucumber, hoisin)
Fish - Soy glazed chilean glazed sea bass (cauliflower puree, long bean salad)
Side - Crispy brussel sprout (fish sauce, puffed rice and chili)
Dessert - mini ice cream cones with rotating flavors (vanilla with froot loops, chocolate peanut butter)

Sampan's innovative asian-style small plates were mostly very well executed. The sea bass was flaky and light with a touch of sweetness that made every bite delectable and the brussel sprouts were crispy and well seasoned. The skewered kobe beef practically melted in my mouth. Although the duck required a bit of assembly, once the duck was in the bun with a few cucumbers and some hoisin, it was a little sandwich with big flavor! My least favorite dish was the philly cheese steak dumpling which sat atop a seemingly processed cheese sauce.

The food arrived at the table as it was prepared and in an efficient manner, although we didn't feel rushed. The ambiance was created by the dimly lit room, cozy booths and the wall of fluorescent artwork. The dining room was packed and for good reason. So, if you're in the area and looking for a light bite to eat, I recommend checking out Sampan.
If there was unfinished shopping or a lack of funds due to the season, it was not evident at Sampan on Christmas Eve-Eve.  The place resembled a busy Saturday night with no signs of slowing down at 8 p.m.  The décor was clean and dark, except for the glow of the ever-changing walls that filled the room.  

Our server was pleasant as was every staff member we encountered on our visit.  The most memorable character was undoubtedly the food runner, who was filled with energy and clearly loved his job.    

The menu had a ton of wonderful sounding dishes, and the buzz about the edamame dumplings was so fierce that they were immediately placed on the list of things to try.  The dumplings were light but full of buttery flavored goodness.  I don't think I could return and not order them again.  Same with the crab and curry fritters, my other favorite of the evening.  Like miniature crab cakes, they were packed with spice and heat, and went perfectly with the cucumber yogurt that rested underneath.  

Other dishes I tried were the duck pancakes, which were dressed perfectly and with just the right amount of crunch from the veggies, the crispy chili crab noodles and the lobster gyoza.  The latter two were just okay for me, as I found them both on the very salty side.  

The only dish I didn't try was the pork banh mi, which my date touted as one of the best he's had in the city.  

We passed on dessert, although the miniature soft serve ice cream cones were adorable.  Next time!
I had a fantastic first-time dining experience at Sampan a couple nights ago. When I entered the restaurant and the dark dining area with bright blue lit walls, I was immediately drawn to its trendy, romantic ambiance. This is a great place to bring a date, the dining areas have an intimate feel. You can also sit at the kitchen bar and watch the chefs create their delicious dishes. 

The menu consists of several categories served tapas-style (small portions, meant to be shared). I was dining with a finicky eater who would not eat seafood or veggies. Yeah, tragic... So pardon my review on the limited selection I was able to order.

Korean BBQ Beef - phenomenal. Best dish of the night. Tender, melt-in-your-mouth, impeccably seasoned beef with a little kick from the ginger and kim chee.

General Tso Soup Dumpling - great new concept, but I didn't get much of the "General Tso" taste, just chicken and ginger. Still good.

Pork Bao Buns - pork is crispy and sweet on the outside and tender on the inside. Accompanied by basil, shallots, and chili sauce to create a rockin' party in your mouth. All this wrapped up in cute little bao buns.

Filet Mignon - incredibly tender and juicy, I was cutting it with my fork. Not too much seasoning to overpower the simple awesomeness that is filet mignon. Comes with a mustard hollandaise sauce. Not even necessary, though it is quite tasty. I used it with the fries, which are crunchy and delightful.

Kim Che Fried Rice - only dish I that made me say "ehh." Not too much flavor, nothing special about it.

Prices are pretty reasonable for the area. I'd say about $40-$50 per person. I'll be back for frequent visits. This place rocks!
The happy hour here is probably the best happy hour in the city, one it is SEVEN DAYS a week happy hour and two the food is an amazing deal.  I've gotten everything on the menu several times.

My usual items are: Pork Ban Mi (perfectly toasty and seasoned, goes amazingly well with Siracha), the bbq wings, the giant bowl of kim chi fried rice, fried and balsamic vinegar tossed brussel sprouts.


You can either sit at the regular bar, or the bar facing the kitchen, back in the graffiti bar, or even outside on sansom street.


The drinks are $4 for the beer of the day, $5 for the cocktails.  The beers are not that special, maybe a blue moon, etc but your coming here mainly for the food vs the drinks.
This review is not for the food. I did not eat here. This review is not for the drinks, though I did indulge. This review is 100% completely about the quality of the bathrooms. Sampan has the best bathrooms in Philadelphia. Enjoy a private, unisex stall, featuring comfortable atmosphere complemented by audio of iconic movie quotes that inspire. 

"Dobby is a free elf!"
"Are you telling me you made a time machine... Out of a Delorean?"

While enjoying the experience, my stool earned a 3 on the Bristol Stool Chart.
Spontaneously came to this Asian Fusion while I was in Philly. So glad I did, such a great place to eat. Food was great, service could have been better. What I loved about this place was the separate bar in the back... They had different vibe than the restaurant. Would recommend going here if in Philly!
This is Center City Philadelphia's best food-based happy hour. There is no happy hour finer than this one. If I find a happy hour that is better than Sampan's I will update this review accordingly. Your favorite happy hour is not as good as this one. 

The kimchee fried rice is a huge portion for only 4 bucks and it is delicious with their house hot sauce. I liked the chicken bao buns. They had a little bit of a sweet glaze and I liked the use of breaded fried chicken rather than what I had expected (shredded chicken bits).
WORST EXPERIENCE EVER

A group of my friends (5 total) set out to come here for happy hour to celebrate a birthday. Upon walking in the restaurant, the hosts looked unamused. We asked about sitting down for happy hour and they informed us there wasn't any room left. We asked how long the wait would be and they said there are no more spots left for happy hour. It was only 5:15. How are there no more slots?  I wasn't aware you had to sign-up to go to happy hour. We asked again if we could wait for others to leave or if there was any other way. The one guy reluctantly  trotted us outback to the graffiti bar which was jam packed and said "Good luck." We were still a tad confused on this mechanism. 
Me: "Okay so happy hour is only at the bar and outside?" 
Host:  "Yeah and it's full tonight." 
Me: "Alright, what about a table?"
Host: "Not unless you are order actual food." 

Needless to say, the attitude turned us off and we left. They were extremely rude to us. They treated us with complete disdain. I don't understand why. There were larger groups there. We were in the mid 20s age range of other guests and dressed accordingly. I was excited to try their happy hour specials and food in general. Now, I'm not sure if i even want to come back. I know this is a hot spot for happy hour, but really? We couldn't even wait until a spot was free?  I understand we had a larger group and it wasn't just 2 or 3 people, but we were willing to wait. They still discouraged us from even thinking about making the happy hour or getting a table there at all. 

If you are looking to go to happy hour, get here at 5 pm sharp or bust.
Freshly arrived in Philly.   Also ravenous.  Where to go?

The answer would be Sampan.  

(Party of 1.)

After wandering in through Sampan's stylish facade, I was greeted by a madhouse of activity, an amount of activity that seemed suspiciously excessive for a Wednesday night.  And then the realization hit me -- it was Restaurant Week.  It all made sense.

I put on my polite face and puppy eyes when asking the hostess for a seat.  The dining room had a 3-hour wait, but -- 'lo and behold! -- plenty of available seating was available at the counter overlooking the open kitchen.  Perfect!

My server quickly swooped in with the menu, informing me that the Restaurant Week option was the 5-course prix-fixe  -- but really 6-course, since dessert is included.  And for $35, this dinner was a steal.   Here's what I enjoyed, all while watching the talented (and impossibly good-looking) Chef Michael Schulson and his staff work their magic behind the stove...

** First: Mushroom salad with goat cheese, puffed rice, and truffle.  A light and refreshing starter.  Loved the hot and cold combo.  It whet the taste buds nicely.

** Second: Edamame dumplings.  These little bites have the ethereal texture of silk, but a complex flavor involving truffles and sake.  Absolutely scrumptious and amazing.

** Third: Korean BBQ beef short rib.  Very tender and flavorful.  Loved the hint of spice from the kimchi and ginger.

** Fourth: Soy glazed salmon with long beans and cauliflower puree.  Not only was the fish cooked perfectly, but the dish looked gorgeous too.  A work of art on the plate.

** Fifth: Kobe beef fried rice.  A simple dish but executed well.  The Kobe beef lent a fattiness to the whole thing that was very sinful (but definitely enjoyable).   

** Sixth: Duo of soft-serve ice cream cones.  Dessert is where Sampan has the most fun, especially with its kooky soft-serve flavors.  I had one Skittles cone and one Cinnamon Toast Crunch cone, which were both very sweet (no surprise) but really tasty.  

All in all, the kitchen at Sampan is fantastic.  But I can't say the same for the service.  It was just so incredibly rushed.  In fact, I got the distinct vibe that the server wanted me the hell out of there ASAP. The first three courses were brought out all at once, which was frustrating, because I wanted to enjoy each one without worrying about the next getting cold.  Plus, busboys were trying to take my plates away while I was still nibbling at them.  Just let me relax and enjoy, please...

That said, I'll definitely be back.  There's just too much deliciousness at Sampan tempting me.  (And those fishbowls -- definitely need to have more fishbowls...)
This review is for the happy hour only because WOWEE. The happy hour offerings at Sampan are what the kids would call "off the chain."

There are various $3-5 samplings of everything from sandwiches and kabobs to roasted veggies and dumplings. It took every fiber of my being not to order one of everything, but where else are you going to get a delicious, huge bowl of shrimp fried rice for $5? I also ordered the chicken bao bun (bao chicken bao wow! bet you've never heard that joke before!), the pork potstickers, and the kobe beef sliders. Everything was delicious. The fried chicken on the bao was crunchy and paired perfectly with the fluffy bao bun and pickles and ranch. The potstickers were tasty and hot, and the kobe beef sliders were incredible. I wish there was a full size burger packed with the flavor on those little sandwiches. 

Additionally, happy hour menu offers a $4 specialty cocktail, draft beer, and both red and white wines. The cocktail during my visit was a strawberry tequila Paloma. It was a strong pour, and I was not disappointed. 

Happy Hour is 4-7, which is nice. The downside is, it's no secret that Sampan is one of the hottest Happy Hour locations in the city, and the specials are only offered at their sidewalk tables and bar. If you're keen to check it out, get here early. My friends arrived a little before 5 and we waited for about 20-30 minutes to get an outside table for the four of us. It was definitely worth the wait, especially considering the beautiful weather, but I certainly saw people come and leave due to wait times. 

They do take reservations for non-happy hour indulgences, and I will absolutely be back to for a proper meal sometime in the future. The service was great, and the food was amazing. Definitely worth making an effort to get here for Happy Hour!
I went to Sampan to celebrate my Niece's Birthday and the spot was packed to the gills on a Sunday night. Lucky for us, a party of 25 or so were leaving just as we entered so it was easy to get a couple of seats without waiting. 
Sampan is very easy on the eyes and I remembered from the Yelp Elite party awhile back about the cool bar in the rear and I suggested we have a drink there after dinner. 
We were seated by a super nice server and ordered spicy Margarita while we scanned the menu. The drink was OK, but it had hardly any spice to it. My Niece ordered the Korean style Beef on the skewers and a bowl of Noodles and Sausage, I ordered the Duck which came with tamarind flavored tortillas and you could add scallions and cucumbers which were neatly sliced on the tray. 
So I figured it was Sampan's version of Peking Duck with a few changes, no hosien sauce, a very small wrap and a smaller amount of Duck which brings us to the 4 star rating instead of 5 stars. 
The food was great, the service was excellent and the decor was on point, but the amount of food put down on the plate in front of you would make an Italian mother catch the vapors! Or any Mom, especially mine! Sampan gave me 5 wraps that fit in the palm of my hand along with 5 slices of perfectly cooked Duck breast that would only fill 1 Chinatown wrap. 
My Niece really enjoyed her meal, the Korean style Beef was very tasty and we tried to figure out what type of noodle they used with the Sausage, I thought it tasted just like Gnocchi which was a surprise. 
Not quote full, we had dessert, She had the homeade Donuts with 3 different filling, Banana, Ouzo and a mystery filling. She liked them, I had the Berry Cobbler The Cobbler was good, but again small(I can see a cheese steak in my immediate future.) 
After taking care of the check, we went to the Graffiti bar in the back where my Niece told me she really enjoyed herself. We had a drink and we left by the alley entrance while I was thinking in my mind, my "coolest Uncle" status was still safe.
I've been to Sampan for Restaurant Week, Sips, and my most recent experience was for my friends birthday. I've had a good experience at all, but I think my most recent had to have been the best. We had a rather large group and everyone seemed pleased with their dining experience. 

The menu isn't very extensive, but can be a little intimidating just because everything sounds incredible. Here are some of my favorites:

1) Crab Wonton Taco: YES!!! This was pretty incredible. The wontons were crispy and stuffed with delicious crab meat. It was so flavorful. Mexican food meets Asian food? My dream has come true. I will without a doubt be returning to Sampan specifically for this.

2) Crispy Rock Shrimp: In my opinion, you really can't go wrong with this dish. It's nothing special since it can be found pretty easily at most Asian restaurants, but Sampan does it well. Recommended for those who may be less adventurous. $14 for one dish. 

3) Pork Bao Bun: In addition to the pork belly, this bun is served with shallots and mint. This item is on their small dish menu and comes out to $7 (2 buns per order). It's a good way to start your meal. Just don't expect it to fill you up any. I felt just as hungry after eating one of the buns as I did before.

As far as what to avoid - I wasn't a fan of the Scallop Satay. It tasted rather raw and pretty unpleasant. I'm normally a huge fan of scallops so this was quite a disappointment. :(

Overall, Sampan is a winner. The upbeat atmosphere makes it a nice place to enjoy good food for any occasion. My only complaint is that it is  a little over priced for the portion size. Keep that in mind when you go there hungry - you're going to want a few items, one main course item will not be enough!
Great spot for Center City sips and clearly everyone knows it!  This place was hopping on a Wednesday night.  Arrive before 5 to secure a seat.  Outdoor seating available for some interesting people watching.  Sips menu includes some cocktails, beers and wines.  But the best part of the menu are all of the $3, $4, $5 apps.  We had the pork bun, brussel sprouts, kim chee fried rice, and chicken satay.   Everything was delicious bu the sprouts and fried rice took the cake.  Enjoyed a nice summer night out at Sampan.  Total for dinner was $9 each.  Can't beat that!
What's my favorite word?? Happy hour! Why you gotta say it like *Too $hort voice*

Man this is a fantastic happy hour when it comes to food. Knowing myself I had to indulge in a little bit of everything. It's literally only $5-6 a plate and the ambience is top tier. It's somewhat small so I would recommend getting reservations if possible, 

From what I've experienced the food ranges from good to excellent. My favorites were the crab rangoon (soft and full of flavor, chicken wings (mmm crunchy) and pot stickers. *Pointer*- Use the sauce from the potstickers on the Kobe beef slider patties. It adds to the magnificent flavor profile. You're welcome.

Service was some of the best I've ever received. Server was so personable and the food came out FAST FAST. Not to mention the bill was extremely reasonable. 

And if you're in the mood you can outside to the accompanying graffiti bar which is a whole separate vibe.

I would call this a gem if everyone didn't know about it already but I'm just gonna give credit where it's due!
i finally tried SAMPAN last night! i know it just opened, but i am a big fan of michael schulson's other restaurant, izakaya, so i have been eagerly awaiting his latest philadelphia outpost. 

the man and i had reservations for 7:00p and we arrived on time. the hostess was perky and friendly and promptly took us to our table. then we waited . . . and waited . . . and waited. we sat at our table for quite some time without water and without a server taking our drink order. 

pity, because when i have to wait, i start to nitpick. things i might not have noticed suddenly became peeves. like the uniforms the servers at Sampan wear. Was i at a high end asian fusion place or the GAP? 

Grey tees, stone washed jeans, and running sneakers. not a good look. The vibe at Sampan seems sleek and sophisticated. would it kill the servers to wear black or something? 

And the music. i was expecting thievery corporation or portishead -- something atmospheric -- definitely not rambling man or mr. roboto. to say the least, i found the music distracting. 

Finally, right at the point where i felt it was time to say something, our server recognized the error of his ways. He apologized profusely and seemed genuinely sorry (fyi - a comped drink would have gone a long way. i once waited for less time at buddakan and was comped. over three years ago and i still remember the experience favorably.) 

i wasn't in the mood for cocktails (although the vietnamese fizz looked good), so i ordered a glass of the sacred hill SV. the wines by the glass were reasonably priced. 

then we got down to the business of throwing down. even though the food is served family style, our items were brought out in very quick succession. i did not mind at all. 

we ordered the 

1.crab curry fritters -- these were on point. i'd say you get about 10-15 small fried balls of deliciousness, with a hint of kick at the end. lightly fried and served atop yogurt and cilantro to cool things down.  loved them and i would come back and order these at the bar.  thank you very much, michelle c. for the heads up.

2. edamame dumplings -- i've had these before at izakaya. you get about four steamed dumplings served in broth with pea shoots. normally i go for fried over steamed dumplings, but these are so delicate. and the edamame filling is creamy.  indeed, i've tried to make these at home and they came out very dry. not so at sampan. 

3. ramen noodle soup -- the bbq pork is the star here. shredded, slightly smoky and very, very good.  i don't even eat barbecue! there was enough for my husband and i to both have two small bowls of soup. 

4. chicken satay -- nothing to write home about. i would not order again. 

5. braised beef short ribs -- can you go wrong with short ribs? really? and they were braised to falling apart perfection. it is served on a smear of chinese mustard. i hate mustard and all condiments, but when i dipped a little piece of meat into the mustard, it really took things to the next level. 

6. pork banh mi -- let me say it again . . . pork banh mi! love at first bite.  this was my first time trying banh mi (although it has been on my list of things to experience for a while) and i get the yuppie version. well, $9 doesn't seem overpriced to me. it is a full-sized sandwich on a long roll. it was such a pleasure to eat. in addition to mustard, i also steer clear of aoli/mayo, which is on this sandwich. consider me a fan of aoli now. also, i once had pork belly at ansil that literally tasted like the flabby belly of a pig. i haven't tried it since. i am now a fan! it was moist, yet crispy. just an explosion of flavors on a bun. 

7. shrimp and egg fried rice -- not moved by this side at all, but i am not a big egg fried rice person. my husband really enjoyed it. the ham was good. 

overall, i was a huge fan of the food, not a big fan of the restaurant (if that makes sense). it is not firing on all cylinders yet. i might in the future, however, grab a seat at the bar with a cocktail and a couple of appetizers or the banh mi. 

p.s. -- i think i love the movie quotes in the bathroom. the recording might be a problem on weekends, though, because i definitely lingered to hear what was next!
Forget everything everyone has said (including me) and GO FOR HAPPY HOUR.

They have most of the menu for HALF PRICE and it's the SAME SIZE PORTIONS. Ok I'm done yelling I swear.

Food 
Korean Beef Satay ($3 per stick)-realllly good.
Shrimp and Lobster Dumplings ($4)-also very good, and almost more of a wonton soup in a miso broth.
Pork Banh Mi ($4)-HUGE. Ok I lied I just can't stop yelling, I'm sorry. I liked that they used basil instead of cilantro, and it had a kick. 
I also recommend the kimchee fried rice (giant portion and delish) and the brussel sprouts (both on the happy hour menu for $4).

Drinks
There was a house red and white for $4 or 5, a beer for $3 and a sake and house cocktail for $4 or $5, and all their other drinks were a dollar off.

Dinner and 2 drinks for $20 each in the gayborhood?! UNREAL.

Caveat: I personally like sitting at the chef's table because it's cool to watch them, but you may smell like bbq when you leave.

Service was wonderful. From coat check to refilling water, to reminding us there was 1 minute of happy hour left, the staff was GREAT. We even added 2 people to our party halfway through and they shifted some seats around to accomodate us. Also, made an opentable res and they were able to seat us for happy hour by the bar (happy hour specials are only for the bar).

In the words of the Governator: I'LL BE BACK.
This may just be the best Happy Hour in the city. The menu offers a considerable amount of variety, very affordable prices, and surprisingly sizable portions. It's a popular HH spot, so get there early! The atmosphere is very cool with a modern, urban feel. Honestly, I didn't really take much note of my surroundings as I was far too distracted by my very handsome and charming date.

We shared several small plates, let's see if I can remember them all: 

duck wontons (4 crispy wontons filled with shredded 5-spice duck and served with hoisin, very yummy)

edamame dumplings (pronounced truffle flavour, delicate broth, quite good but not sure I would order again)

korean beef lettuce wraps (surprisingly spicy, absolutely delicious, a little messy for a date though)

spring roll (shrimp, nicely fried and not greasy, ginger aoili dipping sauce was different but good)

ice cream sampler (adorable little cones in a clever serving stand, chocolate with pretzel and a vanilla froot loop which I liked the best, plus they added an extra cone so we could both try one of each)

I also enjoyed some of the house Chardonnay which was light and citrusy. Service was a bit overwrought with some very lengthy descriptions of the menu, but was appropriately attentive without being intrusive. We sat at the kitchen bar where you can get a great view of the line cooks doing their thing but I hardly paid it any attention. This was just the beginning of a very memorable evening and Sampan delivered the perfect first act. I will be back for sure!
I'm not going to lie, this place half pisses me off, half amazes me.  
 
I'm no stranger to making sacrifices, like medical benefits and heat, for the love of my food hobby.  And I'm aware of the "tapas" style and how that works, but the price tags on these babies makes me think that I need a new love.  Perhaps it's hard for me to grasp the concept of Asian tapas, since I know it as Dim Sim (aka: cheap ass tapas).  And Asian food is generally family style (aka: too much food for everyone).

But here's what infuriates me....the food is actually good.  Except for the korean rice cakes.  Not sure what they were going for there, but each cake was like chewing on rubber, even though the sauce was good.  Between two people, we also had the lamb satay, chicken satay, pork belly banh mi, chicken samosa, peking duck and halibut.  All of those were very decent, though the portions were extra tiny.  So why does this infuriate me?  Because I can't say "that place is overpriced AND it SUCKED, I"ll NEVER go back!!".....

But check out the menu, look at the prices, balance your budget...and if you can swing it, give it a try.  In all fairness, I should mention that the service was really nice and the ambience is pretty cool and trendy.
So my friend suggest we go downtown to get some drinks. We first stop at this other bar for a drink & by this time I'm freakingggg starving okay. I look on yelp & i'm searching late night food menus because everyone's kitchen is closed. I come across sampan & behold their kitchen is open until Midnight. I call & ask the host is there a wait & she states no but I need to get in the next 15 minutes for her to seat me. I tell her I'm running across the street as we speak. 

My rating below : Best out of 5...5 being the best! 

Vegetarian/ Vegan Food options: 5
Parking availability: 2
Business Energy Cleanliness : 5
Bathrooms: yes, 4
Staff friendliness : 5 
Seating Space: 5
Service: 5 

    (Side note- by this time I've grabbed my friend by her coat & drug her across the street with me so I can eat & she came along with a frightened look on her face . Lol ! we get seated & im instantly no longer (HANGRY- angry when hungry). Playing with my food is like playing with my emotions! 

Our server was a sweetheart. I told her I'm a vegetarian but I sometimes eat seafood & in this case I'm starving! She hands us the menu & suggests 3 different things. I order all 3 & a glass of merlot of course ! I ordered crab wontons, kimchi fried rice, & Brussels sprouts. Man oh man I was excited; I was like a kid in a candy store just going HAM!!!!! The crab wontons come out & their amazing so I place a second order of those before my other things even come out. As I sip my wine, I look & it's 11:45 - a light bulb off ...shit I'll want dessert too better place that order while I'm at it. So the server comes back I tell her not to judge because I look like a complete fatass with everything I just ordered ; she says no your fine take your time I'm a foodie so I understand. Her validation was all I needed to confirm my order of their delicious mini ice cream cones. Yayyyy!!!!!! The food all starts to come out & before my kimchi fried rice hits our table my ice cream cones come out & I eat those in the middle of my dinner! 

This place is absolutely amazing, inexpensive & the food was delicious! I couldn't have picked a better place to fulfill my hangry needs ! If you're in the area please stop by this here you won't regret it ! I'm here twice a week in my usual seat with my merlot & happy hour food menu! 

Yes, I ate all those meals by myself ! I have no idea what my friend ordered because I was focused solely on feeding my food baby! Hahaha
Looking for a trendy happy hour spot that doesn't skimp on food?  Sampan with its color shifting interior, moderately priced drink specials & incredible bar menu delivers.

Not on special, the Sampantini was well worth it's $8 or $9 price tag. The chilled Hendricks gin, aloe & cucumber concoction was the perfect antidote to Philly's recent heat wave. 

Vietnamese hoagies, kimchi topped tofu satay, duck spring rolls & more ranged from $2 to $4. Each beautifully presented serving was big enough to savor but small enough to leave room for dinner.
In a word, this place is F-A-N-T-A-S-T-I-C.

For a special $35 per person meal, you could order 2 apps, 1 cold, 1 satay, 1 meat, 1 fish and 1 side off the regular menu and a mini-dessert was included.

There were no misfires here - not one - and the portions were generous.

What was chowed-on:
1) Edamame dumplings - light, fluffy and delicious
2) General Tso Soup dumpling - an interesting creation with soup in every bite
3) Lamb chop - don't usually like lamb but it was AMAZING.
4) Crispy rock shrimp - WOW
5) Beef short rib - melt in your mouth delish and comes with lo mein
6) Scallop & Shrimp Hot Pot - Don't like scallops in general but the shrimp were jumbo and the broth wonderful.
7) Kim Che Fried Rice with shrimp and fresh egg (which they mix into the rice in front of you) 

I can't even pick a favorite because everything was so good.

Free dessert consisted of four mini-soft serve ice cream cones. The flavors rotate but this night were cinnamon toast crunch (another wow) and "Skittles" (not my favorite, but only because I don't like Skittles).

I've been to Chifa and a million other excellent restaurants in Center City but this is an absolute gem. Chef Michael Schulson deserves major props for this place. I'll be back a million times more, I hope.
A little bougie-er than I typically prefer - why go to a white-owned Asian fusion spot when you can get the real deal in South Philly and Kensington for way less dollar signs? - but the happy hour alone is worth the visit. Seriously. 

Obviously a lot of other folks feel the same way, because there's almost always an hour's wait to get in between 4 and 7. But for the value you get, the wait is worth it. 

$30(!) gets you five plates of appetizers and two drinks. The small plates are more than enough to share (kimchi fried rice, banh mis, dumplings, satay) and are absolutely delicious. Plus, I love the idea of having plate after plate come out, one after the other, so everyone around the table can pick and chat. 

Docking a star for that wait time. And the banh mis aren't fantastic, but maybe that's because I've gotten spoiled by the ones on Washington Ave... But all that aside, come here. Bring friends. Enjoy lots of happy hour nibblies and get silly on those cheap (but decent!) cocktails.
Sampan has one of the best happy hours .monday-Friday from 5-7 you can enjoy a number of small plates that range from 4 to 6 dollars. Since I am vegan I go with the Brussels sprouts ( without fish sauce) which my friend that has had them prepared with the fish sauce said you could not tell difference and the pine nut broccoli . Both of these dishes are yummy and portions are large for the 4 bucks a dish you shell out. My friends rave about the dumplings ( there are a few varies ) that are available also during happy hour. There are drink specials to go along with the discounted food items also. 
The bar seating that surrounds the open kitchen is my favorite place to sit . Upon your trip you must use the restroom and keep your ears peeled !
You see the long list of 4- and 5-star reviews along with plenty of raves...and then you see one long-winded over-the-top super-negative review from an out-of-towner who has written 2 Yelp reviews--both bad.  So take that for what it's worth.  

I want to start off my review with some notes about the staff.  Every single time I've been here, the waitstaff and bartenders have been unbelievably friendly and helpful.  Some recognize me and make sure to say hi even if he or she is not the person waiting on me that day.  And they always ask how our food and drinks are.  When a menu item was changed recently, they actually asked us whether we thought the change was a good idea--and why we felt the way we did!  (Note the chicken wing reference below.)  I have never had a negative experience with anyone who works here.  To the contrary, I am constantly amazed by how nice they are.

Regarding ambiance:  It's dimly lit but not dark.  Even when it's crowded, they somehow maintain a manageable noise level, which actually means a lot because I can't stand noisy restaurants.    

All that having been said...  Sampan has the best happy hour in the city!  It's three hours long and they do it ALL SEVEN DAYS!  (It also extends out back at Graffiti Bar, which is a very cool spot.)  Happy hour features very inexpensive rotating red, white, beer, and cocktail options.  And you can't beat the happy hour food menu!  

The Koran BBQ Beef Satay is always amazing and we usually end up ordering it one or even two more times because we're out-of-control animals.  And because it only costs $3 so, why not?

They recently changed their chicken wings and they're unfortunately not quite as good as they once were.  But as noted above, they actually asked our opinion about the change so maybe there's some hope that they'll change them back.  Regardless of the recipe, you get a healthy portion for a mere $4!

The Pork Bao Buns and Hot Chicken Bao Buns are delicious and, again, a good portion for only $4.

But what we really go wild for are the sides.  The Crispy Brussels Sprouts are just crazy good (and I don't actually even like brussels sprouts!), the Short Rib Chow Fun will knock your socks off, and the Kim Chee Fried Rice is always a crowd-pleaser.  And again, surprisingly big serving sizes--especially considering that we're talking about $4 happy hour side dishes! 

The only thing I've ever been disappointed by was this past Sunday when they just decided not to open at all.  No sign on the door, no recorded message when we called, and no mention of it on social media (in fact, they had posted that very day about the Super Bowl on Instagram and Twitter).  We were baffled by that...and so were the 20 other people we saw try to go in shortly after opening time.  One might argue that restaurants close for the Super Bowl...but one would lose that argument since my group walked directly across the street and ate at a different restaurant!  So for this, Sampan and I are in a fight.  But the fight will end at 4:00 tomorrow afternoon when I walk through their front door!
This review is for the Graffiti Bar and Happy Hour food only. The atmosphere is cool!  They have heat lamps that seriously make it so warm, I felt as if I had gone tanning.

Went here with 3 friends.  Bartenders and servers awesome! Great personalities!  It was bumping in there on a Thursday evening and they still were pretty attentive.  

House white wine was a Chardonnay, which I typically don't drink but it was pretty good! 

We all split a bunch of apps - the best - Edamame dumplings - amazing!  Pork Bao Bun also great!  Kim chee Fried rice was just okay... The mushroom dumplings were not to my liking or my other friends - very bitter and had an odd flavor. 

The great thing about the graffiti bar was that the happy hour is from 4-7 and the specials are great!  We were originally going to eat here for restaurant week but decided to just do hh instead.  Definitely will be back.
My first time eating at Sampan did not let me down! Thanks, fellow Yelpers! 

The boy and I had dinner reservations on Beaujolais Nouveau Day around 6:30 p.m. We arrived early and decided to hang out at the Graffiti Bar. I had a glass of this year's wine and the boy had a specialty cocktail. We ordered a few items off the happy hour menu and really enjoyed it all - the edamame dumplings, General Tso's chicken soup dumplings, pork bao bun, a Korean barbecue skewer. The bartender was really friendly and the food was brought out very quickly. 

The great service continued once we were seated in the restaurant. We were able to snag seats at the open kitchen, just like I had requested when making the reservation. It was an added bonus to get to see all of the items being carefully prepared and leaving the kitchen! 

We ordered more edamame dumplings (they're delicious), tuna rice crackers, kimchee fried rice, and lobster stir fry. We were lucky in that it was still happy hour (it ends at 7 p.m.) so some of these items came at the reduced price. My absolute favorite dish has to be the tuna rice crackers. The kimchee fried rice was pretty good, but not the best rice dish I've ever tasted. The lobster stir fry comes with a fairly generous amount of lobster but the sauce wasn't to my liking. My boyfriend, though, really enjoyed it. 

We were too stuffed to order dessert but we masochistically looked over the dessert menu anyway - everything sounded amazing. I'll have to stop by just for dessert! I want to try the churros and the mini ice cream cones.
Sampan is such a great Asian fusion restaurant located in very nice area on the city. The tapas were fantastic, and even though it was quite pricey for the size of the portions, it did not make me like the food any less. Specifically, I really liked the lamb satay which was very tender and savory. My friend and I both agreed that the edamame dumplings and the crispy rock shrimp were our favorite from the night; both possessing a very savory, and distinct taste. The Peking duck and pork bao bun were subpar but worth trying. I wasn't a big fan of the crab wonton tacos, but that's just out of preference. 

Definitely check this place out if you're looking to try something new. The decor is also a plus.
Usually I enjoy a nice tease before the action but in this case...the action was no where to be found!

I went to check out Sampan the Friday of their grand opening.  As soon as I walked in the door I was definitely excited for what was in store. The space was really nice, lighting was dim and the decor was sleek. The bar was full and the tables were all fairly full so I was expecting a nice experience. I was meeting friends for drinks but since the bar was full we decided to get a table and pick up a few appetizers to taste the food. The host was very accommodating seated us after we were able to grab a drink at the bar to bring over.

I wish I could say more about the bartenders, I know it was day one to the public but they didn't seem too personable. The one who served me hardly spoke a word. The cocktails were good and very interesting.  My girlfriend had a Thai Iced Tea (alcoholic-cocktail) and although it didn't taste like a thai iced tea it was still tasty. I had the gin cocktail, the name slips my memory but I enjoyed it, however nothing I'd come back for.

We sat and our server brought us water and took our orders. We had a few apps to share, ramen, satay, cold udon + another dish. We all came to the conclusion that everything was just blah. Nothing special or even flavorful enough to come back for. Our server also brought over another appetizer that we did not order.

She asked me if I'd like another cocktail and I asked her for a suggestion. She quickly responded with the chili lime cocktail so I agreed.

WoOoo was it spicy! I was so taken back by the spice of the drink that I had the server taste it to let me know if it was made correctly. I bartend and really enjoy trying new concoctions but wow...definitely way to much chili in this drink because my throat was on fire. As much as I wanted to finish it because It would have been delicious if it had less chili, our server insisted on picking a different one which was drinkable.

I wouldn't come back to eat but would love to sit at the bar abd taste the rest of the cocktail list. But I won't do that until I find out they changed their music choice! There is no theme or reason that I could find to hear such a bad mix. It went from 80's rock to hoedown country to top 40 with NO transition songs in between...it was almost unsettling to hear some of it. Haha I don't know really, I was disappointed all around except for the cocktail list and decor.

Clean it up a little Sampan and you'll see me again. There is definite potential, you just haven't reached it yet.
This review is for their Restaurant Week menu. I've long heard that Sampan had one of the best Restaurant Week deals and boy were the rumors right!

To start, the service was top notch. For some reason, they hadn't written down our reservation change from 2 to 3 but they immediately took care of it while sending us to the bar for a drink. Minutes later, someone was there to remind us to settle up and then took us to our table. Once at our table, our server was fantastic. He was on top of everything and friendly which is even more impressive during the chaos that restaurant week brings. 

After this pleasant experience, we began our 7 course meal. That's right, 7 courses for $35 and it was all very good and not rushed. 
The highlights...
1. The favorite of the night was the Korean BBQ beef with kim chee. It was cooked to perfection with wonderfully bold flavors.
2. The pork  and duck bao buns. I love a pork bao bun but what made this one even better than normal was the crispiness of the pork belly. it added great texture. The duck buns were served with perfectly cooked duck breast and a delicious hoisin sauce. Yum. 
3. the edamame dumplings. I loveddd the flavors of this one with truffle and sake broth. They were melt in your mouth. 
Finally, the perfectly ending...tiny little ice cream cones filled with vanilla bean and peanut butter chocolate. So cleaver, adorable and delicious. It was a perfect way to end the meal.

Highlights aside, there were a few dishes i didn't love but everything was still very good. I'm anxious to get back and try it out once restaurant week is over!
The banh mi here is pretty good.  Yes, it is pricier than what you would get in Chinatown but think of it as paying for the ambiance here, which is significantly more enjoyable.  The shrimp pad thai is also decent and the lobster roll is nicely seasoned (I had them take out the celery because I hate celery) and fresh.  I've been here several times, and truly appreciate the happy hour PBR and Scorpion Bowl more than I can say.
I don't think I've ever been more disgusted about a dining experience (I probably have but I'm exaggerating for emphasis).

I get to Sampan at 4:45 on the last day of Center City Sips (totally forgot about Sips, originally just went for Happy Hour). I left work early to make sure we could get a seat at Happy Hour too because we also had a show to attend at 7pm. I was told I would be seated once my entire party (one other) got there. I understand that as a busy restaurant and having worked as a host in high school. I told them that it probably wouldn't be at least another 15 to 20 minutes. They said that's fine and I decided to have a drink at the bar.

The fiancee works at 2 Liberty, so not far, but she wouldn't get off work until 5 and probably not get to Sampan until 5:10. She got there around 5:10 and we went up to ask for our table. The hostess said "unfortunately, we had to give away your table but I can add your name to the list." 

At this point, sure, that's fine. No mention of there being a possible wait before? I could've at least texted the fiancee and told her she needed to leave early in order for us to get a table.

I ask how long the wait is and she says "40 minutes."

Like what? How did it go from no wait to FORTY MINUTES. GTFO. 

"There's a big party coming in and the wait is mostly for the table that goes around the kitchen. We're also associated with Double Knot next door who has similar happy hour specials and you could give them a try." Wow, really? After that? No thanks. 

If this was the case, they should've said something. There were so many options for me at the time. I could've: saved a seat at the bar for her...the seat which I gave up once I got up and went up to ask for our table, texted her to tell her she needed to hurry up and get there or even gone somewhere else to get a table in advance if I knew the fiancee wasn't going to make it on time. Instead, we left and were forced to wait for a Happy Hour table somewhere else all while worrying about whether or not we would make the show on time. 

I used to visit Sampan at once every month or two. I'm done with you.
Sampan = a perfect happy hour destination offered every day of the week!! 

The good: Some friends and I wanted to meet up in center city and catch up and Sampan was perfect for that occasion. We got the chicken bao bun, kimchee fried rice, and the short rib chow fun. I personally enjoyed the chicken bao bun. It was slightly spicy, but very flavorful with the only drawback being I ate it to fast xD. The kimchee fried rice is a nice staple, but nothing that really surprised me. For happy hour, you typically sit at the bar which gives you a nice view of the kitchen, which I appreciated. It's also a nice place where you can show up casual or slightly dressy and not stand out. 

The bad: The wait can be long if you come on a busy day during happy hour. The happy hour menu isn't super exhaustive, but you definitely can swing by a few times before feeling like you've had the entire menu.
You can't go wrong here!

Happy hour is amazing.  I love the lounge-y atmosphere and the food is phenomenal.

What I ordered:  (Don't judge me)
Sangria
Gimlet
Kimchi Fried Rice
Shrimp & Lobster Dumplings
Roasted Broccoli
Hamachi Ceviche
Kung Pao Shrimp - my least favorite, shrimp was bland and too much batter on the shrimp.

Everything else was to die for.  5 stars all the way baybay.
What I did love right away about this bar is that though they only had three beers on tap, they were awesome ones: Stoudt's American Pale Ale, Flying Fish Farmhouse Summer Ale, and Brooklyn Brewery's Brewmaster's Reserve Dark Matter. Unfortunately, they were a bit on the pricier side, but at $6-7 a pint, that is fairly standard for good microbrews. Besides, as our very friendly bartender pointed out, the Happy Hour specials would have only knocked $1 off of the price of the pints anyway.

WHAT WE ATE
*Oxtail &  Kimchee dumplings: diced tomatoes + soy sauce + scallions
These looked like traditional gyoza and the presentation was very pretty with the colorful red tomatoes diced and spread over top. Unfortunately, with each bite, we found that the marinated oxtail was quite salty. The saltiness might have been mitigated by a larger portion of kimchee, but strangely, the tiny negligible amount of kimchee used hardly contributed enough flavors to make its presence known.

From this dish forward, I was a bit confused by the plates that were delivered to our table. It seemed like the actually plates of food that arrived and were placed in front of us were slightly different than the menu had described. It was a bit odd and I couldn't help but feel like I was eating someone else's food that had been accidentally given to us!

* "Philly Cheese Steak": Bao Bun + Shallot + Sriracha
Our next dish was the Philly Cheese Steak dish, which was described to us as a bao bun that had the top half sliced off, toasted and topped with shredded short ribs and shallots. In other words, an Asian play on Philly's signature sandwich. Sounds good, right?

What arrived was a dish that looked like cheesesteak bruschetta. While the meat was indeed shredded short ribs, it was resting on top of what looked like slices of french baguette, that had been toasted then soaked in beef jus. Confused, we asked our bartender which dish had just been delivered and he confidently answered that it was the cheesesteak on bao buns...

Hmmm. Okay. So we thought, well, maybe looks are deceiving...

But after taking a bite, we were more convinced than ever that this was just sliced baguette. Also, more of a concern, was that the meat was again SUPER SALTY. Sigh. I almost didn't want to finish this because I found it to be so unpleasant. But we did - only because we were starving. Then we waited patiently for the next dish.


* Rabbit Dumplings: Spring Peas + Bacon + Shallot
I had really high hopes for this one. I mean, with rabbit, you always have the fear that it could be game-y, but I've found it is usually deliciously flavorful when it's stuffed in a wrapper like a dumpling or ravioli. Once again, the presentation was beautiful, but the taste fell short.

I know you'd expect the bacon pieces to provide just the right amount of salt here, but the ridiculously salty rabbit meat itself once again made this dish difficult to enjoy.

* Pork Shoulder: pickled cucumbers + greens + chojang (Korean-style spicy sweet chili pepper sauce)
This was probably the least tender pork shoulder dish I have ever eaten. Sigh. I did enjoy the Asian-pickled cucumber slices that topped each piece and I found the greens to be a refreshing flavor, but the meat itself was dry and bland, at best. And I didn't think that the overall flavors worked particularly well together either. 

So yes, another disappointment.

It seems like the biggest draw for Sampan has always seemed to be their lunch menu - with its wide array of banh mi sandwich options and satays. I feel like I can't truly comment fairly on Sampan's food until I've given those sandwiches a shot, but as for dinner - I would say stay away from the items we ordered. Plus, our bill was surprisingly high.
Food here is Delicious! Literally everything we ordered was amazing. I can't wait to go back and try it. Service was also phenomenal 

For starters, we ordered a variety of drinks but the one that stood out to me that was so so delicious was the Ming Mule (vodka, lychee, mint, ginger). Reminded of drinking a mojito with ginger beer with lychee infusion. It was delicious. 

Food came out in no particular order and it just keeps coming. It doesn't come all at once which was great. This place is like an Asian fusion tapas like restaurant. Portions are small and prices are not cheap. Expect to pay at least $30 per person. But so well worth the money. 

Appetizers: on the Satay section we ordered a few items. And I believe they call it satay is because it's all served on bamboo skewers like what you would find in Thai restaurants when you order satay. 

Satay:
Wagyu beef satay - omg delicious melts in your mouth
Swordfish satay - very flaky and not dry full of flavor
Vietnamese Chicken satay - definitely must order

Cold + Hot
Hamachi ceviche - so delicious and served on a wonton soup spoon
Crab Wonton Taco - definitely order this
Smashed cucumber salad - the dressing on this salad is the bomb

Meat:
Peking duck - this was delicious however the duck was over cooked and dry. We asked for lettuce too to make lettuce wraps. Our server was fantastic I think his name was Mark
Filet Mignon - was very delicious and cooked well. I should have asked for medium well but oh well 
Beef short ribs - this entree was a bit dry in my opinion (I'd skip this one). It was still very delicious 

Fish
Glazed Chilean Sea Bass - this was epic and was by far my favorite dish on the entire menu. Definitely a must try
Seared Scallops - wow this was good too but not as good as the bass

Sides 
We got an order of fried rice. Can't remember what kind it was but I think it was XO fried rice. I took a a small bite and it was delicious
I understand it's a busy Saturday night. But I called around 7pm tonight to place a large takeout order and they REFUSED to do so. The person on the phone told me to call back at 11pm, are you kidding me?  Is it that busy?!

I was ready to place a $100 takeout order.  Oh well, their loss!  It's a shame too because I've ordered takeout 4 times already from here because i love their food and I cannot believe they wouldn't take my order just because it's busy.  If these clowns want to lose revenue, then that's their own faults, i took my business elsewhere!
Sampan customer service was fabulous as we were seated within a few minutes of arriving for our reservation and got a table in the enclosed tended areas.  The tables had a vent circulating warm air as well as a speaker to play music so it was a very warm, cute & fun atmosphere where we even took our jackets off!  Our server suggested ordering 3 dishes per person so we got the small plate dumplings, spring rolls, meats of duck and short rib lo-mein and, sides of pork and mushroom lo-mein and brussel sprouts.  We thought we would still be hungry but our server knew best as we were both absolutely stuffed before leaving.  Both lo-meins were a 10/10 with my favorite being the short rib as it just fell apart.  The dumplings I would never get again.  The sauce on them was interesting, we couldn't even describe it but would not suggest it.  The brussels sprouts looked charred but had a nice tangy sauce.  Our biggest plate was shockingly the duck which had a huge serving size.  Overall our experience was great! The food, service, and atmosphere would bring us back again!
Overall Rating: 3.5/5 (rounded up to 4) 

In general, limited vegetarian options, but the ones that are there are pretty good! 
Ask your server what the vegetarian options are because the only ones that were actually on the menu were the edamame dumplings, but they have more options than that! We got edamame dumplings (be sure to ask for these vegetarian because I think they may normally come with some meat or fish broth/sauce), tofu tacos (pictured), Tofu fried rice (veggie version of the kimchi fried rice, since kimchi normally has some fish in it), and Veggie Lo Mein (not pictured, we were eating too fast!) 

If you have 1 or 2 vegetarians in your group, this is probably enough food, but there's really only the 4 options so there's not too much diversity if you want to do family style. The ambiance is pretty nice outside though and there are ice cream cones that come with sparklers which is fun. 

* Vegetarian / Veggie review *
I'm a vegetarian foodie that has a lot of meat eating friends who want to go to fun places that may or may not be veggie-friendly, so I'm here to tell you what to order if you find yourself in the same situation :) Just search "vegetarian" or "veggie"!
Sampan is a lively restaurant that was some of the best Asian Cuisine I've ever had. We did the Chef's Tasting Menu and everything we ordered was flavorful, delicious and left us all raving. Our server Greg was awesome. His knowledge of the drink/food menu, recommendations and ability to deal with our party of 6 contributed to our 5 star experience at Sampan.

We did the Chef's Tasting which included 7 selections off the menu and soft serve ice cream for $45 per person. We decided on:
- Cantonese Spring Roll
- Pork Potstickers
- Shrimp & Lobster Dumplings
- Kobe Beef Satay
- Crispy Rock Shrimp
- Crispy Szechuan Chicken
- Kobe Beef Fried Rice

Each dish was an early Christmas gift to the mouth. I thoroughly enjoyed my dining experience at Sampan and will be back. Also, the punch bowls are a must try and can be shared with another or if you are hardcore like me you can drink one to yourself.
I can safely say i have tried at least 85% of their dinner menu :) I've ordered their tasting menu 3 times.

My favorites are:

Edamame Dumpling 
Lobster Ceviche 
Hamachi Ceviche
Tuna Rice Cracker 
Koreana BBQ Beef
Kobe Beef
Beef Short Rib
Crispy Rock Shrimp
Of course, THE ICE CREAM!!

DO NOT ORDER
Crispy Brussel Sprout - very oily and burn
Kim Chi Rice - big filler - not spicy  - order if you need a filler and rice on LOL
Just got back from another great meal at Sampan! The atmosphere is really cool; it's dimly lit with a bar on one side of the restaurant and an open kitchen with seating so you can watch the chefs at work if you're lucky enough to be seated over there. It can get a little loud at night so it's nice that the restaurant is pseudo-divided up into dining rooms. Makes for a more intimate arrangement. But overall, a decent sized space, especially for being one of the many restaurants in the 13th and Sansom area.

The food is great - things that I give my stamp of approval:
Edamame dumplings
Korean BBQ Beef Satay
Kale and Calamari Salad (my favorite)
Duck Fried Rice
Short Rib Lo Mein

Honestly, everything we got was great and even my youngest sister, who tends to be a little pickier when she's eating (one of those phases I guess), enjoyed the meal thoroughly. For dessert, they have ice cream sushi - presentation is adorable and it tastes great too! 

NOTE: this place is usually pretty packed on any given night so you'll need a reservation unless you like to dine at 5:30 or 9:45.
Excellent fusion, light dishes. Edamame dumplings were creamy, delicate in a rich flavorful earthy umame broth. BBQ Pork belly in a very memorable sweet, savory sauce served sandwich style on a steamed bun. Scallops seared to perfection a top baby bok choy bulbs. Sauteed lamb in a rich, cumin brown sauce. Shrimp fried rice with a sunny side egg was reminiscent of a rich bibimbap with buttery goodness.  Skewered beef satay was succulent, savory and wonderfully complex.  Topped it off with miniature ice cream cones...Reeces!
It's been about two weeks since I ate here for the first time and I am still thinking about how great it was!  If I still lived in Philly this would be one of my regular places.  I am a big fan of tapas and Sampan is amazing, such an interesting and delicious selection of food options, excellent service, and cool atmosphere.  It was easy to get a reservation on open table even though it was a friday.  I went with a group of four and we ordered several dishes off the menu including the pork bao buns (these were heavenly), kobe beef, pekin duck, kobe beef fried rice, krispy brussel sprouts (never have I enjoyed brussels sprouts this much), and edamame dumplings.  We also ordered these cute mini ice-cream cones they have for dessert.  Everything we ordered came out quick and tasted great!  They were also very accommodating and made the plates enough for the four of us to try each dish.  I highly recommend checking out Sampan if you enjoy tapas style.  It was fairly pricey but it is worth the splurge and I did not go during happy hour but I hear they have a great happy hour with great prices on their dishes worth checking out.
****Restaurant Week Review****

Damn, this place came to play.

What better way to handle restaurant week than to let your guests select one thing from each category on your menu?  The deal was crazy.  For two people:

2 apps
1 cold
1 satay
1 meat
1 fish
1 side
2 Desserts

Sampan FTW

Started with hamachi ceviche and pork bao buns.  Both were delicious.  The ceviche was served on two small spoons and had lots of fresh tangly flavor.

Lamb satay and rock shrimp came next.  Lamb satay definitely had me cleaning the chop with my teeth and the rock shrimp was tossed with a sriracha aioil.  Beautiful.

Roasted duck with wontons and miso glazed salmon.  These were incredible but we were a bit too full to truly enjoy them.  They definitely came home with us.  The foam on top of the duck might have been one of the best things I've ever tasted.

Kimchi fried rice.  Served with a fried egg on top.  So delicious.  Mini shrimp mixed throughout.  Also came home with us.  I'll be nomming on it later today.

Dessert: two mini ice cream cones.  Raspberry vanilla and chocolate mint oreo.  Perfect size and just the right amount of sweetness.

Awesome wait staff and a great restaurant layout.  I love the open kitchen and the looping movie quotes in the bathroom.  

This is a great restaurant.  What more can you ask for?
4 for taste, 4 for service, but 3 overall.  Why, you ask?

The food here is tasty.  The edamame dumplings have a delicious, salty filling.  The pad thai is similar to many other pad thai dishes I've had, but nothing way unique.  However, for the money, I thought the portion sizes were very small.  The pad thai is listed as a 'large' plate, and it was probably less than half the size of what you get at other restaurants.  For $16, I'm expecting something either out-of-this-world delicious, or something big enough to take leftovers to work the next day.  I know small portions are chic, so maybe this place is a little too chic for me?
Trendy Asian fusion restaurant with happening bar scene and tasty food.  Overall, I am very impressed. We had a ton of fun and enjoyed the atmosphere.  The service was pleasant despite a very hectic Friday night rush hour.

Went here for restaurant week with a large group, so we got to try many of the items on the menu.

- Hamachi Ceviche - Tangy, a bit salty, with truffle and topped with fresh herbs (pea sprouts?) on top.  Served in spoons Amuse Bouche style.
- Pork Bahn Mi - Vietnamese style pork & veggie sandwich served on Bao buns.
- Korean BBQ Beef Satay - Tender, juicy short rib skewers.  Delicious!
- Crispy Rock Shrimp - Fried shrimp with yuzu sauce... one of the best dishes we tried!
- Broiled miso salmon - Probably the only dish I didn't like as much.. the fish wasn't cooked all the way through, but that's probably intentional and a matter of different taste.
- Beef Short Rib - Comes served on some very tasty noodles.  Tender and juicy.
- Crispy Brussel Sprouts - Nicely grilled, salty and spiced. Surprisingly tasty.
- Roasted Broccoli - Good for tricking yourself into thinking you're being healthy.
- Shochu flight - A flight of 5 Soju flavors (apparently shochu is the Chinese pronunciation).  Tasty and lethal!
My all-time favorite place to eat. I eat here at least once a week and order the same things on the happy hour menu (you'll be pleased with everything on that menu. Absolutely delicious and incredibly CHEAP! Makes me dance on my seat! 

Dinner menu favorites:
Small plates- edamame dumplings, lobster ceviche, tuna rice cracker 
Satay- Korean BBQ beef
Cold & hot- crab wonton taco!!! Soooooo gooooood!
Fish- soy glazed Chilean sea bass (mouth watering dish, juicy and flavorful!)
Sides- Kobe beef/kimchee fried rice, shrimp pad thai, brussel sprouts

Come here for restaurant week.
Come here for happy hour! (Not many places offer happy hour from 4-7 ALL WEEK LONG! Happy hour only served if seated by the bar, kitchen bar or graffiti bar out back)
Come here for dinner! 
Come here with coworkers, for a business meeting or to hang out with friends. 

Great service, amazing food... Always a good time!
Great happy hour spot with both indoor and outdoor seating. Indoor seating gets a little cramped, and the bar isn't very big, so I suggest arriving early for seating. Sampan boasts $4 cocktails, house wine and featured beer. I had the specialty cocktail last name (some sort of Gin infused drink) and it was delicious. The small plate menu offerings are delightful. I highly suggest the Edamame Dumplings and Brussel Sprouts. The sauces that both are cooked in are divine. The beef satay is also very good. Portions are small but for $4 each, worth every bite. I'll definitely be back over the summer for SIPS.
Good cocktails.  Stopped in at the bar for drinks only. The woman behind the bar did a good job of handling the crowd.  We all enjoyed our drinks, and the food looked good.

If atmosphere is what you want, Sampan is pretty and stylish. So were most of the patrons here on a Friday night.
chomp chomp chomp.

this place is so sleek and beautiful with the dark wood/backlit walls and the bathrooms with awesomely awesome movie quotes... so i was afraid the food wouldn't live up to the style.

happily, i was wrong.  we were a party of 5, and although the dishes normally are made for 3, our server informed us that they could add additional pieces so everyone could have a bite.  awesome!

my faves?  brussel sprouts!  perfectly cooked with some vinegar and spice.  the banh mi (although way more pricey than any vietnamese place) was absolutely perfect.  i am obsessed with the edamame dumplings as well.  

drinks were good, but not great.  

best yet, it's still relatively unknown so not crowded.  i'll be most def back.
Maybe it's discrimination? Called and asked if they we're still opened. They even said last order for the kitchen was 9:45. Walked in at 8:45 and was turned away. The odd part was before being turned away, a Caucasian woman looked my lady friend up and down and then looked at another female colleague, awkwardly paused in a schemingly manner and looked at us then said no. We returned to check the place out to find that probably weren't the only ones that felt this way. See note from another customer.
One of my favorite spots in the city. I often stop at Graffiti Bar (smaller side bar attached to Sampan) for happy hour. 

My most recent trip was with colleagues for post work dinner and drinks. We got cocktails, beer and wine and shared a bunch of small plates and everything was delicious. Our server was Patrick and he was very attentive and friendly!

I ordered the Ming Mule and the lychee flavor paired with the mint was really refreshing. 

We ordered Korean bbq beef satay, Brussels sprouts, kimchi fried, pork bao, edamame dumplings, and rock shrimp. The Korean BBQ Beef satay is one of my favorite items on the menu. So tender and delicious! I also love the edamame dumplings - the sake broth is delicious. Kimchi fried rice is incredible - definitely get the poached egg mixed in.

For dessert we had the sushi which is ice cream wrapped in peanut butter Rice Krispies and sprinkled with Heath bar and served with a dark chocolate dipping sauce. It  was incredible. We also tried the soft serve in both flavors of the night - mango and dark chocolate.

The food came out quickly and the service was phenomenal! Definitely make a reservation to avoid a wait or try to snag a spot at one of the many bar spaces.
My experience was fun-loving with a group of girls, plate-sharing and chatting about each dish.

Korean BBQ satay 
Pork bun
Hamachi ceviche 
Crab wonton taco
Crispy Rock Shrimp
Brussel Sprouts
Side: Pork fried rice

Ordered but I didn't try: Duck entree, Chicken bun

Now if I was a table of two sharing what we had order, I'd go: Korean BBQ Satay, crispy rock shrimp and Hamachi ceviche.

The Korean BBQ and the crispy rick shrimp seemed to be the most likable in our group. My hamachi ceviche had raw fish but more of the out of the standard dishes. It was a first and while it was less filling it was had an interesting taste with a bit of crunch from the tempura. The crispy rock shrimp was flavorful and a bit more filling but the Korean BBQ satay was the most filling of the 3.

From the rest of our choices: only the Brussel sprouts were unlikable to me. The pork bun has a kick to it. Crispy wonton taco was a little more bland but liked nonetheless. My friend really liked her duck and at the point of it coming out I was too full to try it!

One last thing was that I opted for the green tea instead of a cocktail with no regrets. Mainly because it was so cold out and I really, really liked the something warm and cozy instead.

Overall: go! sampan is something to brag about and don't forget to reserve a table.
So, me & my spouse were rained out of Made in America on Saturday. Nothing like killing time by eating good food. The food was great. But, the tequila fish bowl was not strong, and Chef Hugh was missing the white hood to go with his white chef coat. We sat at the bar, and I don't know if he was unaware that people could hear him or he did not care. However, he continued to refer to one Black wait staff as Jay-Z. And, then told "Jay-Z" to tell "Al Sharpton and Jessie Jackson" (the other two Black male waitstaff) to come here. The guy was obviously uncomfortable, but he had that unfortunate normal response of just trying to dismiss the situation because that's just how white folks are and that's his boss. 

Me & my spouse debated on saying something, even to management or our waiter. But, all I did was ask our great waitress the chef's name. It was Chef Hugh. Totally disappointed in him & really myself for not saying anything. But, deep down I knew it would fall on dead ears, while being dismissed or defended. Smh. Chef Hugh's insensitive comments ruined my dinner. 

I'll try another restaurant, when I'm back in the city of Brotherly Love. Hopefully, they will hold the side of casual racism.
I came here for restaurant week and it was definitely one of the best restaurant week experiences I've had.  There were four of us, and we got to choose between 3 apps, 2 sides, 1 cold, 1 satay, 1 meat, 1, fish, and dessert.  There was a ton of food and all of it was absolutely delicious.  

Highlights included: edamame dumplings (the truffle flavors were amazing), the short ribs, the suckling pig satay, and the brussel sprouts.  Even with 4 of us, we ended up with leftovers.  We also shared a bottle of white rioja that complemented the food nicely.
You're visiting Philly and want to have a good time in Center City - MUST GO TO SAMPAN. MUST!!
Upscale, club-ish feel restaurant because of the lights and the music, but good for both casual happy hour and sit down dinners. Best happy hour with $4 pork bao buns, bahn mi, chicken wings etc and cocktail, beer options from $4-9.  

*This review is only on happy hour experience. 

Had a reservation for 6:30pm and the restaurant was packed! We sat at the bar for happy hour and ordered literally eight plates of just pork buns, along with bahn mi, fried rice, wings, chicken buns. Waitress was skeptical of our tummy space, but boy was she wrong. 

*Pork Buns: YUMMMM, we've been craving Ippudo (in NYC) style buns and while the style is different, it was just as good. Pork was fried and coated in sweet and tangy sauce. Topped with pickled onion. Bun was a bit thicker than how I usually like it, but it was still good. Most of all for $4 for 2 of these babies, WIN WIN WIN.

*Banh mi: second fav of the night, you get 4 pieces of bahn mi sliced and stuffed with beef and pickled carrot and cabbage. Really flavorful and bread was really good. 

-Fried Chicken bun: I like the pork ones better, but these are worth a try. Chicken was cooked well but could use a little more seasoning. 

-Kobe Sliders: I wanted to love these, but these were meh. Seasoning was not that great. I couldn't have more than two bites of these. 

Cocktails options even during HH is great. The speciality cocktail was a spritzer and didn't have much alcohol, for  those who want a refreshing drink. Loved the interior and the general vibe of the restaurant. Definitely recommend for those who want asian fusion meal. Don't expect authentic kimchi and banchan, expect comfort/finger food like buns and wings and entrees like miso glazed cod.
This restaurant is super cool the way that it is laid out. Each floor looks entirely different. The food does not match its price. It is not very good therefore it should not cost as much as it does. We ordered many things from the menu so I was able to try many different dishes. The portions are very small and the preparations were simple. The quality was not great. I choose quality over quantity but in this case everything was lacking.
Wasn't BLOWN away with my 1st experience at Sampan. Place was packed to the brim, environment was chill/low key, and food was par for the course. Want it to be known, far and wide, that I'm not a small plates kinda dude. I'm down for a hearty meal that will leave my stomach feeling like that time the Muddogs came back after halftime and won the Super Bowl. 

We made a reservation for a table of 5 a week in advance and were told "our table was finishing up dessert you can snag a drink at the bar." I get it, but there is zero space to stand (bar was packed for a Saturday night). We waited 15 minutes for our table and I went back once and was given a snarky attitude when I asked if our space was ready. 

As for the food, it was great. Neat experience with the small plates coming out one after the other. Dumplings were fire and the pork buns were delish. Highly recommend those dishes. Drinks were good too. Dinner for 5 was roughly $200. Not bad when I'm coming from NYC where it could have been $300+. Overall, not sure I'll try again unless it's just two people.
Wow - having been seated with a direct view of the kitchen and seeing ALL the dishes being prepared (not just the many I ordered), I can say that the menu is jammed with amazing options. Nothing I saw looked anything less than amazing. I just finished a south-to-north and back trip across America, and my dinner here was one of the best meals of the trip. Philly is lucky to have this place, and Sampan seems to know it. Special thanks to the host guy who secured my desperate family of 4 the kitchen table just in time to enjoy some happy hour - you da man!
What a fantastic meal! The truffle edamame dumplings came highly recommended and they did not disappoint! These are amazing little pillows of deliciousness. When they arrive at your table you'll look into the bowl and think, where are they? Each dumpling is about the size of a quarter and you get four of them. But believe me, four is enough. The combination of blended edamame and truffle oil is absolutely decadent. Think of it as a vegetarian foie gras.  The scorpion bowl was delicious although it had a bit too much ice. And the straws were way too short making sharing it kind of awkward.
We had a great night and a wonderful dinner. We'll be back.
I love this place! I'm usually not a fan of outdoor dining but during these times of COVID-19 I'll take what I can get. Sampan gives a GREAT experience with a very friendly and quick staff. The food is great, my first visit I had the Kim Chee Fried Rice (which is my favorite thing on the menu) and California Rolls, the portions and price were good. I returned less than a week later to have the Kim Chee Fried Rice again and the Kung Pao Chicken Wings and the service and food was great as expected.
Ok - a strong four stars, We're hoping with some tweaking this will be a steady five star jaunt. 

We arrived and were promptly greeted by the hostesses. The illuminated walls had changed from a brilliant emerald green on our last visit to a vivid red today. We opted to sit at the bar versus a table as it gave us a great view of the kitchen. 

We opened with the fried brussel sprouts. Flavored with fish sauce and a great sparkle of heat from chillies, these were very good. There's a bit of puffed rice on the top in the picture. We were split over the amount of heat, with me wishing for a touch more, but my guest said he was just fine with where the spice level was.

We moved on to Lobster Gyoza, perfectly cooked and one of the highlights of the evening. I used the remnant spicy fish sauce from the brussel sprouts as a dip to give them some zing. Yum.

The edamame dumplings were also very nice. Neither of us really tasted any significant truffle flavor, but these were incredibly light and tender. And note that I HATE edamame, so that's pretty high praise.

Satay was next. The King Crab satay was probably the best dish of the night, with the braising on the crab from the grill providing a perfect counterpoint to its sweet meat. The lamb was served on the bone and perfectly cooked, but was a touch bland. If you don't know if you like lamb or not, these are perfect starter chops for you. The short rib was tasty but a bit dry on the satay skewer. the Kobe was delicious, leaving us wanting more. We'll probably get the crab and kobe next visit and do a surf and turf combo.

My guest ordered the ramen noodle soup as his final course. It was impressively laden with pork, which ultimately turned out to be a problem, as the smokiness of the meat overwhelmed all other flavors in the dish. The noodles were delicious and perfectly cooked.

For my final dish I had the shaken tuna tartar. Served with an avacado puree and an ephemeral crispy flatbread, it had me on the fence. They had recently removed the chilies from it as the chef wanted to highlight the tuna, but that left it tasting like tuna in a mayo sauce. I'd love to see something like the old wasabi cream and cucumber dressing that Pelicanfish used to serve, which gave the tune great heat and mouthfeel without detracting from the fish. We'll see how this develops.

The lighting changed from red to amber as we were finishing our meal. I popped off to the rest rooms (five single rest rooms versus two large communal ones) and was pleased that they were pristine and still smelled of the new wood in the countertops. 

Service was snappy quick. Our bartender Anthony  was spot on with the drinks and kept our area clean and neat. They bring the plates out as you order them, which we could see being a big mess if the server didn't stagger the order (luckily Anthony is a pro so we never had more than two items in front of us, nor did we wait more than three or four minutes for a dish). They also give you lots of silverware. Seriously. At one point we had four sets each as each dish came with fresh silverware, and we opted for the chopsticks anyway. 

We had hoped for the rumored fruit loop soft serve but its popularity had it 86'd the night before, so we passed on dessert, had a spectacular espresso martini instead, and headed off into the night.

So, in summary, go, get lots of dishes to try, and enjoy the experience of watching this new restaurant open and the dishes evolve to please the Philadelphia palate. I have no doubt this place will be a big success, and after eating there, I don't think you will either.

Hey Randall - how about a NYE party Sampan Style?
Sampan feels more experience-centric than focused on food. Not necessarily a bad thing, but the experience has to be just right if you're playing that game.

Unfortunately, for us, the experience was a little too loud, too busy, too crowded. Pair that with the pricy but average pan-asian food, and the outcome is kind of meh. I would recommend Sampan for a fun happy-hour/drinks, but maybe not the full meal deal.

They do have a 7 selection tasting, which is priced, decently, at $45. Worth checking out if you end up here. Also, the filet was fantastic, if a little small. Highlight fo sho.
We went here for drinks and it was disappointing.   The place is dark and small inside.  The bar area is eh and the wait staff/bar tenders are not friendly.  They actually seemed pretty grumpy and lame.  We ordered Mojitos that tasted like Listerine, beers (can't mess that up) and a few of the big fish bowl drinks.  The fish bowl is a great value since it's near 11 shots, so 11 drinks for $24 is pretty good.  But the alcohol they use is really the cheap stuff so it will hurt more the next day.  I love mojitos and theirs are just bad.  Scarce use of mint and just gross.  I would not come back here for drinks, but maybe I would check out the food next time.

maybe I won't come back because the bar tenders were THAT rude....
Had the chef tasting fro $42 per person, 7 small dishes. Pretty good deal to try out all of their stuff! The server was very pleasant and the ambience was nice/ romantic. Their drinks are pretty delicious too!

PS. Happy Hour is only for bar area and outside seatings. No reservation.
Why this place has such mixed reviews is seriously beyond me because Sampan is AWESOME. 

I had been meaning to go back here for a full meal after having such a nice preview at the Yelp event back in the summer and now I'm bummed I waited so long because everything about the experience was superb. My friends and I had a hard time deciding on what to get (yes, we were THOSE customers) but eventually decided on getting a melange of their tapas items - hamachi ceviche, edamame dumplings, pork bun, Korean BBQ-bulgogi satay, crispy calamari salad, brussel sprouts in fish sauce and the Chilean sea bass. I don't feel like being super long winded so here's the run down

1. Hamachi ceviche - REALLY good flavor. There was a nice kick to it and the fish was really fresh. It was cut realllly small though, which we weren't used to and it made eating it slightly awkward but whatever. The flavors were devine
2. Edamame dumplings - These were probably the only things that didn't wow us, which was unfortunate because they were my favorite thing at the Yelp event. That isn't to say they weren't good because they were, but everthing else was so exceptional that these didn't hold a candle. 
3. Pork bun - SO neat! It was fried pork belly (love it) wrapped in a traditional steamed pork bun in a kind of taco-esque form. I'm such a sucker for gluttony and pork belly and pork buns so this combined my loves in one cute package
4. Korean BBQ satay - Definitely my second favorite of the evening. The bulgogi wrapped around succulent and delicious Korean BBQ was divine. Seriously get this all the time. And the staff was super kind and threw an extra skewer on there so we could all have our own. How nice!
5. Crispy calamari salad - Realllllly good. The calamari was fried perfectly and tossed in a salad with a really nice vinaigrette and apples. You wouldn't think it would mesh well but trust me - get this. 
6. Brussel sprouts - I eat brussel sprouts religiously so I would've loved it anyway but it was neat having it in fish sauce. Yum yum yum
7. Chilean sea bass - DIVINE. It was perfectly prepared and fell apart as soon as the fork touched it. Complemented with edamame puree and a pico type thing and it was just amazing. My favorite part of the meal. 

The staff must've loved us because dessert was sent out for free! Chocolate-blueberry ice cream and Strawberry-vanilla ice cream on cute little cones skdjfslfsd I want them all the time. DO NOT pass these up!

The staff was amazing. Attentive but didn't hover at all. The manager knows how to run the place, that's for sure :D 

Decor is really chic and hip. The walls change color too! Also check out the bathrooms - they play clips from movies in there on loop!

Do yourself a favor and find yourself a lovely date and go here. You will not be disappointed, I guarantee!
Still the best Philly happy hour (every day 4-7)
Happy hour food/prices are phenomonal!
Edamame dumplings. Pork Boa Buns. Brussel sprouts. Broccili. Chicken wings. Shrimp Kim chee fried rice. All great things to eat!
Decor is cool, hip, and trendy. Service is always good.
It can definitely get crowded, but if you can get a seat, it worth it.
The customer service in #Sampan is PHENOMENAL! 

Have you ever been in a place where everybody knows your name (or at least they think they do) and it's not CHEERS!? Well this is Sampan! It's more like a place where people come and have great conversation and treat one another like humans! 

I hate sitting at the 'bar' but in Sampan the bar is the spot! Today, I came alone, but I have been ceremoniously invited into at least five (5) different conversations! All had merit and forethought, so I was excited.

Did I mention that they have HAPPY HOUR on Sundays?! Yep! That's right! I arrived about 4:15pm (they had just opened) and the hostess asked if I wanted happy hour. WHAT! Of course I do! All I could hear was the orchestra of....CHA CHING, CHA CHING instrumental in my wallet! I ordered vodka and lemonade (2), edamame dumplings, vegetable dumplings, wild mushroom chow fun (2), and tofu tacos! All for $31!!! #myspot #barginbasement
For happy hour this place is amazing. Great food and atmosphere for a super decent price (Kim chi fried rice for the win). I was able to try the tasting menu for the first time the other night. It's $45 per person and your whole table agrees on 2 smalls and 1 plate from every other category for a total of 7 dishes. For a more intimate group I think this is the way to go. You get to try a bit of everything for the same price as order two of the larger plates. The Wagyu beef skewer was the star of our dinner. It melted in your mouth, basically super tender. We also had the soup dumplings, taste was great just not enough soup to call it a soup dumpling. Pork bao buns, which was sweet and tangy. Sea bass, beef chow fun, Peking duck, and wonton taco was all to expectations. Overall, a good experience, the tasting menu for a large group may be a little complicated but for a small group it's the best way to do dinner at Sampan.
This review is for my most recent visit.

I are been to Sampan too many times to count and it has always been fantastic.

However, this past Saturday we had the most TERRIBLE experience I've had pretty much anywhere.

We had a 7:15 reservation for 4 people- friends from it of town were visiting and we talked up this dinner so much.  We arrived early, and expected to wait a little bit, but the hostess very rudely asked us to get out of the way of the door and then continued to ignore us for 30 min. We had to ask to check our coats and we had to check in with them 3 times asking for updates before we were seated and every time we checked in, the hostess would roll her eyes and act as though we were annoying. Their excuse was always that they were waiting for people who already paid to get up.  They also offered our group of 4 a table for 2, if we wanted to squeeze....it was so fruatrating to see plenty of tables for 4 sit empty and people who came in way after us get seated before us.  

Knowing it was a holiday weekend we specifically made a reservation and were early so this wouldn't happen.

They did send over complimentary edamame dumplings for the wait, but I would've taken being treated more nicely over that.

We did the chef's tasting menu, which I've done before and never had a problem.  They usually pace it out so that you don't get too full and you're also not waiting super long. NOT THIS TIME! I even specifically asked our waitress to take a bit longer between courses because our friends were from out of town and we wanted to take our time. Well, that did not happen. Our food came out way too close together, not in thought out courses at all. We definitely felt rushed.

The icing on the cake was our incredibly inattentive waitress and how FREEZING everyone in our section was from the door constantly being held open. We rarely saw our waitress.  Also, most places in the city, even if they have a vestibule, will put up a curtain or something to block the icy wind.  The whole section we were in, to the right when you walk in, were constantly complaining about how cold it was that we even got our coats from coat check to wear... This did not make for a relaxing meal!

All in all I was embarrassed we had talked up the place to our friends and then had such a bad experience. The food was good as always, but the pride and dining finesse that I've come to expect at Sampan were sadly nowhere to be found.
2.5 stars for food, 1 star for service. The service is among the worst I have ever received - very cold, slow, inattentive. Also, the seating is way too tight... you will be seated shoulder to shoulder with other parties while there are empty tables throughout.
Food:
CRISPY ROCK SHRIMP - tasty, good portion size, small shrimp size, lacking in crispiness
HONEY GLAZED CHAR SIU PORK - extremely fatty version of the classic char siu pork you can get in Chinatown for a fraction of the price - unnaturally chewy - do not recommend
LOBSTER CHOW FUN - tasty, large portion, light flavor, minimal lobster
CRISPY BRUSSEL SPROUT - this dish is absolutely offensive... the fish sauce was SO FOUL - extremely potent and extra sour - I know this is not normal as fish sauce is a normal part of my ethnic cuisine
I would not recommend this restaurant... go to any other Asian restaurant in Philly, for decent prices, quality Asian food, and better service!
THE WORST f'ing restaurant I have ever been to in my ENTIRE LIFE. I was in Philly for the day and we took a chance. Everything was so unsanitary. The staff is so trashy I actually lost my appetite. I ate the food anyway, and it was disgusting. Seriously, AVOID AT ALL COSTS. To top off my experience my friend said he saw a mouse run in the backroom, it was too crowded for me to see it myself but I 100% believe him because that's how disgusted I was in this place. Should be shut down immediately. You have a million other places to go to, you're in the city. DO NOT GO HERE
So there you are, sitting at Sampan, looking at the menu. You are having trouble deciding whether to go with the Korean BBQ satay or the Kobe beef satay. Suddenly, a memory begins to creep in. Several hours ago, you looked this place up on yelp and read a review by the charming Brad P. You struggle to remember the words, reaching into the farthest parts of your memory for an inkling of his wisdom...there! You have it! You remember his advice!

"The Kobe beef satay is inferior to the Korean BBQ satay."

His invisible hand has guided you to the right choice. The Kobe beef with apricot fails to stack up to the tender, juicy, slightly spicy kick of the Korean BBQ.

You wonder what else to order. You go to the bathroom to clear your head. As you do your business, you notice there is no music in the bathroom. No. There is only the sound of excellent movie quotes from films such as Army of Darkness, Casablanca, and Clerks. Utilizing the facilities is now a guess-the-quote-game.

You sit back down, sweating. You could check Brad P.'s review again on your phone but that would be rude to your date. You reach back for more of his advice. It comes more quickly this time...

"The crispy rock shrimp is pretty darn good. It has a nice crunch and enough of a kick to keep me interested. I liked the shrimp a little bit better than the crab wonton taco, which was good but didn't blow me out of the water."

Yes! It is all coming back to you!

"The hamachi ceviche hits the spot. While it doesn't compare to the badass ceviches of Alma de Cuba or Las Bugambilias, it is worth eating. The red snapper is better than the thai chicken. It is a really good dish with a disciplined green curry glaze. It is relevant to say that the portion is smaller than one would expect from a 26 dollar menu item."

You've been ignoring your date for a good 40 seconds. She is asking if you are alright. Your eyes are closed so tight that tears have begun to form. You will return to the dinner...but not until you remember his final words.

"on the action-movie-parallel-satisfaction-scale, this place is Hero."
Stopped in for Dinner after visiting the Christmas Village at City Hall. We started with the following small plates:
- General Tso Soup Dumplings with Chicken, Ginger, Garlic. There are 4 to an order and came out nice and hot but did not seem to have a much soup in them compared to other I have tasted.
- Pork Bao Buns with Pork Belly, Shallot, Mint.  These come 2 in an order and were the Star of our meal.  Suggest ordering a couple of these as the taste buds and stomach were calling for more.
We tried the following Satay and will try more next visit:
- Eggplant Satay (Miso Caramel, Peppadew, Scallion), There are 2 in an order.  These are really tasty, you do need to work a bit to eat them off of the skewer as the eggplant skin has to be bitten through and you can end up with a mess.  Might be best to un-skewer them and cut with the old fork and knife.

For large plates we shared the Lancaster Chicken Stir-Fry. It contains Asparagus, Lotus Root, and a nice heat background due to the peppers used in cooking. I would have preferred more of the  Asparagus tips in a dish like this, but all in all not a bad selection.

From the bar, they have a nice selection of Sake, Cocktails and Asian bottled beer to suit any taste. 

To wrap up our meal we indulged in a Rice Krispy Sushi roll with Vanilla Ice Cream, Peanut (Heath bar) served up with a Chocolate dipping Sauce.  We also tried 2 of their Vanilla Chai house made soft serve ice cream in miniature cones.  Both deserts were a great end to a good meal orchestrated by our server Patrick who was friendly and knowledgeable about the food and drinks.
Very decent happy hour place!! HH is from 4-7pm, try to get here earlier if you can to avoid the wait/crowd. They don't have that many spaces at the bar for HH but they serve the same drink and food specials in the back (graffiti bar). You can walk through the restaurant to get there (in the back there's a door that leads you to the outside) or you can come directly through an alleyway next to sampan. It's heated outside so you don't have to worry about being chilly. 

Drink Specials - featured beer and wine $4, fish bowl $25 (super sugary so beware but enough to share between 3 people), $9 cocktail specials (one inch punch was my favorite).

Food Special (THE BEST PART)- it's tapas style so totally shareable except for the satay (they come in 1s). We got a bunch to share, probably ordered everything under the sun. Around $3-4 for a tapas. Decent price for center city. 

Shrimp Dumplings - around 4 pieces, not bad
Crispy Brussels Sprout- enough to share with like 3-4 people- on the salty side
Pork potsticker- super flavorful- recommend- the kimchi on top was a good touch
Beef satay- average
lemongrass satay- recommend 
spicy chicken wing- average
kim chee fried rice- recommend this and please do share, it's a decent amount
pork bao bun - I didn't try this but my friend said it was pretty good- comes in 2s

I think for the happy hour price this place is a great spot to catch up with friends and get some drinks as well!! I've also been here at night for drinks and it can get pretty crowded.
This place is a must to see how perfect and well stream-lined their outdoor seating / service is during COVID-19. They have created such a warm and inviting outdoor space. The tables are spaced apart and they have created little pods almost that house the tables. Taking it a step further they have added additional plastic coverings that locked the outside draft out while you sit under heated lamps. I couldn't be more impressed with how the owner how truly taken this hard time and made a unique and inviting dining experience!

Side note: do yourself a favor and make reservations and dine during Happy Hour. Their menu is a phenomenal Happy Hour Menu!!
I came here on a Sunday evening thinking I was just going to get in but boy I was super wrong. The place was packed and they told me it was a 2 hr wait. We decide to put our name on the list and go have a drink somewhere else. 
I was glad we did end up dining here since the food and service were excellent. 
I started with a lychee martini which was decent not the best. 
I was with a group of 5 and we decided to do the chefs choice for $45 PP
We got 7 choices and dessert. Everything we picked was amazing. Crab Rangoon, dumplings, short ribs, filet mignon, lobster, ceviche and fried rice was what we had. I have to say everything was delicious but if I had to pick favorites I would say the Korean short ribs and ceviche were my total favorites. 
For dessert we had orange chocolate mini cones and rice crispy rolls. Dessert was just as great as our meal and a great ending to an amazing meal.
The hype is overrated to be honest, but nevertheless, I had a delicious dinner. 

I came here with my BF last Friday night with reservations that I made at least a week in advance. I originally chose 7:45 pm, but a few last minute things came up, and I called to change my reservation (at 7 pm) to 8:15 pm. We got there at 8:16 pm, and were told that our table is next but they were waiting for the people before us to get up. 15 minutes later, one of the hostess's told us they were still waiting and offered a seat at the 'chef's table'. What is the point of a reservation if you don't get the table you reserved within 15-20 minutes? Anyways, we were starving, and so we said yes to the chef's table - which is just being seated in front of the kitchen by the way (nothing fancy). 

There were barely any vegetarian options, but we ordered Edamame Dumplings which were delicious. I also ordered the veggie lo mein which were extremely basic, but super filling. My BF ordered the chicken stir fry which he liked as well. For drinks, we ordered a Ming Mule and a glass of Malbec. My mule was outstanding and super delicious. We also ordered the mini ice cream cones for dessert which were tasty but so tiny. All in all, we had a great meal. I would recommend for a one time thing if you're vegetarian, but to each their own.
I came here a few years ago for my birthday the decor, the ambiance was wonderful I wasn't too crazy about the food because of the portions and it wasn't very filling otherwise everything was great and the prices were affordable.
I had dinner at Sampan with another couple on Friday night. We met them at the Graffiti Bar in the back and I really dug the vibe. I loved that it was psuedo outdoors, but had a great urban feel. 

We arrived to our table and it was a tight fit. I felt like it was a little crowded and could easily hear the conversations around me. I started off with a delicious champange/sangria cocktail. We ordered a carafe after our first ones amd drank them the rest of the evening.

I ordered the Lobster and Shrimp Dumplings and my boyfriend ordered the "Philly Cheesesteak." I really enjoyed the dumplings and the miso broth wasn't tooo sweet which I really like. The cheesesteak was ok. I couldn't pinpoint the spice that was in there that I didn't care for, but everyone at the table really liked them, so maybe it's just my own personal preference. 

For my entree I ordered the Shrimp and Scallop (yes, I love seafood) and the bf ordered the filet. The seafood was cooked perfected and the sauce was light and tasty. The filet was cooked to a perfect medium. My only compaint was that it arrived 10 minutes after everyone elses food arrived. 

Our server was very informative, walked us through the menu and was helpful and great at giving us some recommendations. She was attentitive and kept my champagne glass full, which I always enjoy. 

Overall my experience was good. I would go back, but wouldn't mind sitting at a table that was a bit more intimate.
Hefty wait - about an hour on a Friday - and we only got bar seating, but still, the food is great and the happy hour deals are amazing. My friend and I started with happy hour margaritas (which were meh but sooo cheap) then shared:

+ edamame dumplings
+ Brussels sprouts
+ pork bao
+ beef short rib lo mein
+ kimchi fried rice
+ mini ice cream cones

I actually liked the apps and dessert more than the mains. Standout was the dumplings for sure. Food came quickly though service was iffy.
Delicious food (a few great vegan/vegetarian options), friendly waitstaff, and quick service. The staff was very accommodating in making vegetarian options vegan. Great drinks as well! I've been 3 times and will definitely return.
My husband and I love love love Sampan. It's a restaurant that we frequently dine at and we can never wait to go back! 

But I want to share one particular experience that I'll never forget! It was NYE 2014 and I wanted to do something special for my husband and I; as we had had quite a year. So, being the "planner" that I am, I decided to take him to his ultimate fave restaurant. I made the reservation for 7:15 on 12/31, but got to thinking, I want to make something more out of this night. So, I wrote the restaurant a message through their website that I wanted to surprise my husband by booking a hotel in Center City, excusing myself from dinner after we finished and having him meet me at the hotel by leaving a note at the table. Well the GM of Sampan, whose name is Derek, reached out to me immediately and said he would be more than happy to assist me with this! Derek and I e-mailed back and forth for about a week, putting my plan into place! I gave him my card info so that dinner would already be paid for once I excused myself from the table that night and his part was to bring the "bill" over to my husband with the note inside, and it worked out PERFECTLY!!! Derek had the hostess, our waiter and another staff member involved so that everything went smoothly. He even went back over to the table 10 minutes after dropping off the "bill" and telling my husband that I took care of everything and to enjoy the rest of his NYE. 

But lets not forget about the food! - we started out with the Chicken Bao Buns which are soooooo yummy. The buns are a little sweet, and very soft - they compliment the glazed chicken very well! We also had the cheesesteak potstickers (which I had to myself because my husband doesn't eat beef or pork) and the Cantonese Spring rolls...Mmmm mmm! For our main course we had the Schezuan Chicken and the Duck Fried Rice - both of which are shareable because they give you generous portions! It saddens me to say that we didn't have dessert, and I ALWAYS get dessert lol, but I was stuffed by the time we had eaten everything. I want to end this by saying, if you haven't been to Sampan, get there! If you have, and you have bad things to say - you must not be much of a foodie or something is wrong with your taste buds. Thank you Sampan (and Derek) for our memorable NYE!!! We'll see you again soon!!
Fairly decent. 

Not sure I get what all the hype is about - but it's probably because many of their entrees are not veggie friendly. 

We went on a weekday so had some trouble finding parking and what not, but that is to be expected for the locale. We were aiming to make happy hour but it was shutting down as we were walking in so we dined in for dinner instead. 

We were seated right away in the main dining space. The inside is dark but intimate. There's dim lighting and interesting art work around - conversation pieces for sure. Our waitress was fairly knowledgeable about the menu. She explained how the dining experience works and also handed us the "vegetarian" menu to expand our options. Overall the service was nice, we were checked in on a few times and our water glasses were refilled plenty. 

I do have to applaud Sampan for the creative use of ingredients (even though many uses were with meat filled entrees). I found my order of roasted brussel sprouts to be well done, and we also ordered a tofu dish which was surprisingly well seasoned and to my liking. 

In the end - I'm torn to return since I felt I had a collection of sides than a proper meal. The portions were decent, but could leave you hungry if you're splitting more than two ways. I would say it's also a bit pricey (especially when you don't feel 100% satiated.) 

Experience overall was satisfactory. I was hoping for more since this place carries a high reputation - but it is what it is...
Went to Sampan on Valentines Day and had a pretty good time.  The decor is very nice...lot of wood and deco design.  The staff was really nice and friendly and we got seated quickly. The food for the most part was good but some of the dishes were just "eh."  Only annoying thing that night was that they forgot to bring out our salad and after reminding them 2 times, we finally got it at the end of the meal.  So here's a break down of the food:

Drink: We ordered a large cocktail that was served in a fishbowl.  It was really cool and pretty good.  I just wish the would have given us something to stab the fruits that were inside.  There were a couple of tiny skewers but it could barely reach the bottom of the drink.

The food was kind of Tapas style so we ordered a lot:

Mushroom Salad - it was good once it came out.  There's a very rich and butter taste to it and it was refreshing.  The vinaigrette may have been a little too sour...was missing something sweet to take the edge off.

Beef Satay - it was OK.  It was supposed to be a short rib beef satay and I was expecting a piece of short rib.  Well, technically, it's like a meatloaf satay because the beef had been cut up and formed into a cube (seriously...it was just like eating a piece of meatloaf).  Also, the seasoning was a little on the sour side.  Whatever marinade they used, it was heavy on the vinegar.

Cheese Steak Bruschetta - DELISH!! By far the best thing we at that night.  Tiny little baguette slices topped with chopped beef and cheese.  The juices from the meat soaked through the bread and it was just delicious!!  

Charred Octopus - this was OK.  The octopus was good but it was plated like a salad with a lot of other veggies - which I felt took away from the octopus.  Also, again, like many of the dishes we tried that night, it was too sour for my taste.  The vinaigrette was just too pungent and "in your face"

Wonton Taco - Another winner!!!  The wonton taco shell was crispy and delicious and the filling was like a lobster salad with avocado.  So yummy!!!

Side Broccoli - the description made it sound so good:  broccoli roasted with chili peppers, pine nuts and garlic.  But, when it came out it was just..."eh"  The broccoli looked more boiled than roasted and the pine nuts were wet from the broccoli water.  Something I could have made at home.

Dessert - The mini ice cream cones are EXCELLENT.

Overall, the dinner was OK.  The service was good and we had a good time, but I'm not sure if I would be inclined to go back anytime soon.
I came here on a date. I had been in this direct area many times, but failed to notice this little gem.

I was sceptical at first, especially when I got rhe menu and it seems small. I ordered an alcoholic beverage from their menu, I don't remember which one exactly, but I remember that I really liked it.

Our waitress was very attentive. I ended up ordering something small. General Tso Chicken soup Wontons. OHH EMM GEE. These are one of the most delicious things I have ever tasted in my life. Granted, you gave to wait a considerable amount of time for them to cool off so that you can consume them... it was all worth it. If they weren't closing, I would have made another order for some.

I like the setting of the restaurant. The decor is nice, and dusky. The only thing I didn't like is that when you are seated against the back wall, the draft from the opening and closing door affects you. I was generally really cold when it opened.

Do yourself a favor, go in and try these things!
Food here is freakin' great. We sat at the bar that is up against the kitchen, and it was cool to watch the guys cook & ogle everyone's food. We had the kimchi fried rice, which was great, as well as the Vietnamese filet, and some other stuff. Who knows. It was all amazing. Drinks were good, but maybe a tad on the sweet side. 
Standout item was the dessert - three mini ice cream cones with cinnamon toast crunch and Twizzler flavored soft serve. HELLO. They were so good, original, unique, spectacular, etc. Would've eaten 20 of them, and would go here just for that. A million thumbs up.
Sampan is definitely a place to visit with a friend or two to catch up. Everything about the place is lovely but I would not recommend it for a big group. Firstly, they would not sit us until our entire group was there, which is understandable but also somewhat annoying when we had a reservation and we had to wait for 9 people to all arrive before we could be seated (2 of them ended up stuck in really bad Broad Street traffic). I really recommend making a reservation as it will get busy very quickly on popular days (Thurs-Sat). 

The interior is your typical modern asian-fusion style place with low lighting and loud environment from the mixture of almost clubby music and tables packed together. The decorations were very modern and interesting but nothing really wow-ing, which is understandable since we are there for the food, not the decorations. Waiters seem to be good at their jobs and pretty attentive while the hostesses seem very dismissive and anxious about how they are going to seat all the reservations they accepted. 

I had the Sampan version of the moscow mule and it was very good along with most of the other drinks I tried from friends. As for the food, we ended up doing the chefs selection which is $45 a head and it was all delicious. We got to chose about 8 different dishes and they brought them very quickly, almost too quickly as we barely had time to breath in-between bites. All of the selections we made were wonderful and I don't think they brought us out any food that we didn't scarf down. That being said, the bill was very expensive and we were not sure how if we didnt do the chefs selection and ordering just a few tapas would go for filling up 9 people. Everything we got from our selection included: Chicken Bao Bun (pretty good, kinda tasted like Chik-fil-a), Pork Potsticker (a crunchy and light potsticker), Korean BBQ Beef (one of the best in our opinion, very tender and flavorful), Crispy Rock Shrimp (pretty much your average battered rock shrimp), Szechuan Chicken Stir-fry (wish we could have ordered two of these because it was so delicious, we ate it all in about 2 minutes), Seafood Stir Fry (pretty good but wish it included more seafood, it was mainly scallops and shrimp), Kim Chee Fried Rice (your better-than-average fried rice), and finally the Shrimp Pad Thai (pretty average but its hard to deviate from a standard pad thai). 

All-in-all the food was delicious and the environment was cool and I would love to go back with one or two friends but would not come back with a large group as the price climbs quickly (even if you don't do the chefs selection) and the space is somewhat cramped and loud to really talk to everyone from your group.
I would LOVE to criticize this place.  Just because my girlfriend and I were the most annoying couple ever, they didn't want to fall in love with us.  

The pretending not to acknowledge how sickeningly sweet we were was awesome.  Waitress didn't punch me and didn't throw up... kudos.

We went on Valentines Day.  Ordered a few drinks from the bar.  The girly Martini's were not only tasty, they had an exquisite flair.  The 'coolers' were heart shaped watermelon slices.  I knew I'd get some then and there.  Also, they had no qualms about transferring our bill to the table.  I don't know how many awesome places I have been where they acted like it was the worlds biggest tragedy to make us pay one bill, then proceed to the next.  Not Sampan.

The meal was a V-day special:  seven courses that were all exceptional.  Salmon with some sort of rice(y) side was the best, but all courses made us drool.  I have dined at the best in many great cities (my brother and his girlfriend are total foodies) and I have learned not to be surprised.  Sampan did get me surprised.  Excellent.

It was even more exceptional when you consider the staff was turning over and turning over.  Great atmosphere, great decor.  Then you throw in GREAT FOOD in the middle of an eight hour "better make it the best meal ever" rush? 

Sampan did good.  They did very good.
I expected more from Sampan based on the hype and high ratings. Overall, the food was subpar and overly priced.

Edamame Dumpling - Average. I've had better dumpling from the frozen foods section at the Asian Supermarket.

Spicy Tuna Roll - Your average spicy tuna roll that's available at any sushi restaurant.

Pork Bao - Overcooked, overly salty meat. Bao was dry. 

Crispy Brussel Sprout - Tasty! Probably my favorite dish out of what we ordered.

Chicken Tikka Satay - The menu says it comes with yogurt, which was not brought out. The order comes with ONE stick of dry, under-seasoned chicken. 

General Tso Soup Dumpling - Think of a soup dumpling, but half its size, with a sprinkle of general tso flavor on it. 

Hamachi Ceviche - Delicious, but extremely small serving size. 

Ming Mule - Made perfectly!

Kantoi Road - Too sweet. Was expecting a stronger tamarind flavor.
