Sancho Pistola's is definitely my restaurant of choice when craving tacos, guac, and margaritas! The food and drinks are fantastic, prices are reasonable, and the vibe is fun and casual. Basically, I love everything about this place.

Although I've been here quite a few times for dinner, my most recent experience was for happy hour. My friend and I walked in at about 5pm on a Friday to an abnormally quiet and almost empty house. Sancho's is always packed so I was really surprised! It didn't take long before it filled up though. Just 30 minutes later, the house was FULL and it was getting louder and louder by the moment.

Drinks are a steal during happy hour. They offer margarita OR sangria pitchers for just $17.  My girlfriend isn't a fan of margaritas, so we opted for a sangria pitcher. We both agreed that it tasted a little different from the sangria we've had before, but NOT in a bad way. We really liked it!

As for food, we got an order of the nachos (not on the happy hour menu) and we each got the Freedom Tacos. Although I'm normally all about their guac, the nachos were delish! The tacos were flavorful, big, and very filling. During happy hour, all of the land tacos come out to just $7! Great deal when they usually range from $10 - $13.

** PRO TIP: the Freedom Tacos are the only ones that come three to an order! All of the others come two to an order. Just something to keep in mind if you want more bang for your buck! ;) **

I would highly recommend this place if you're in the area and craving some Mexican food and drinks! If you want to avoid doing too much damage to your wallet, I would recommend checking it out during happy hour (offered M-F, 4 to 6pm).
Update: Happy hour has changed. Still $17 pitchers of margaritas (both plain and flavored... try the spicy mango!) but NOW they're also offering $7 plates of land tacos! Such an awesome deal. Try the spicy pork tacos with kimchi, or the freedom tacos (indulgent hard shell ground beef gluttony) and wash them down with a pitcher of margs.
It's safe to say I am obsessed. This is a tiny restaurant with a large (based on how much space it takes up) bar. The lighting is dim and around dinner time they bring out the tea lights to accentuate the mood. Based on how many date nights I've been to here, I'll go as far as saying it's a bit romantic yet casual. There always seems to be a wait so coming in a party of two makes it easier to be seated. Also, being flexible about sitting at the bar or table narrows your wait time. Make sure to check-in with the host (who floats around with her clipboard).

My favorite drink is the SPICY mango margarita, and wow is it spicy! They must use a mango nectar versus juice because the thickness of the nectar balances the spiciness. Other flavors I have tried are rosemary blood orange (not much rosemary flavor) and ginger pear (ginger tones down the sweetness). While I am sure the classic margarita is awesome, in comparison, there are too many fun options to go classic.  It seems everyone goes for the pitchers however my fiancé is a beer guy and hasn't been up to sharing one, just yet.

The food is Contemporary Mexican - small portions and overpriced. I know that sounds negative but I have enjoyed everything I have tried. Here is a quick run down

-GUACAMOLE! - Awesome! Go for the mixto platter and try more than one flavor! Full of flavor with onion and lime and many fun flavors to choose (I just hate the lingering taste of the onion that is anywhere I eat guac).

--Traditional- fresh and the tomatoes are marinated so edible in my book.

--Pistachio - the pistachio adds nice texture and goat cheese (I am not a fan of goat however this one was mild) adds creaminess

--Spicy Tuna - YUM nice pieces of marinated tuna this could be an entrée on its own.

--Pomegranate - the seeds add sweetness and texture and I could have sworn there were pieces of mango. This was bright, fresh, and super fun. I would order again.

-TACOS - 2 per order which for the price is a bit stingy BUT they are not your average tacos. I love the crispy and different toppings that accompany each. So far we have had Korean short rib (marinated, juicy short rib and garnished with the bone), Mahi Mahi (nice sized battered flakey fish), and Shrimp Tempura (lightly battered). Again 2 per order so if you are hungry order a side or order of guac.

-SIDES - The fried plantains we had were not fully ripe which made them dry however the crema came to the rescue and made them edible. The corn on the cob was almost authentic and is a must order - smeared with chipotle mayo, cotija cheese and chilli powder mmm.

The service is fast and that is all I have to say. Unfortunately, I have not had the nachos here but I have had them at Jose's. Based on my last visit (I ate most of the mixto guac platter myself), I will need a break from guac BUT when I'm ready to resume my over indulging ways you know where to find me!
My first Sancho Pistola's visit was a success. It was on a Monday night, so I didn't want to start off the week with anything boozy, but I will surely be back to hit up those margies in the future. 

We sat at the bar and I took in the light, airy space with lots of windows. Jose's cousin is a lot more stylish but still just the right amount of laid back. I loved that there were sports on TV while great music served as the soundtrack.

We started with guacamole which was quick to arrive and loaded with flavor and quite a bit of heat. Next up were the tuna tacos. There were some flavors I really liked but I'm not sure if I was into them enough to order them again in the future. No matter, there are loads of other taco options including three other seafood versions. I did appreciate that the tortillas remained sturdy and didn't break apart as I was eating, which is sometimes a problem with corn tortillas. 

Solid first visit, looking forward to my next!
I just want to let everyone know I am a HUGE fan of Mr. Sancho my friends. I came here to meet up with Jim H. one night for some well blended tequila concoctions , some good eats and of course some great conversations.

As the conversation was in full motion, the libations were flowing from those great crafts, to those well known mezcal blended concoctions. As we were reminiscing about the past, I had my eye on a Spicy Mango Margarita , which I highly recommend for all to try.  The drinks that Sancho makes are simply awesome, if I haven't mentioned that before, but let's also talk about their kitchen. Literally you can't go wrong in which ever route you go with, plus with the drinks we were putting down, food was definitely needed.

What does one get? How about all of it, because there is no wrong decision when it comes time to order.  

Tacos~ Don't even get me started with these tortilla beauties, it doesn't matter which one you go with, from the turf side of it, or the surf side of it, you're going to win. 

Spicy Pork Nachos~ This mountain of just delight was just smothered and covered with the goods. Add some of their Pico de Gallo and you have yourself a winning dish. 

Fried Plantains~ To the gringo they simply think this is just a dish of bananas cut up. WRONG! These guys were drizzled in a Chipolte Honey type of cream mixed with their crema fresca . I'll guarantee you'll be saying "Eye-chi-wa-wa" with every bite ! 

Churros~ Shh I need a moment of silence, as I still have goose bumps from these morsels. Fried dough that was covered in sugar and cinnamon, that came out hot with a side of chocolate sauce for you to dip them in. Buenas Noches Gente !! This had me screaming in Spanish "Good night people", if you want a mouth orgasm order it! 

In all Sancho Pistola's is on point from the service, choice of beverage down to the food!
Yes. Yes yes yes. 

While this spot is a few steps above the normal price point for Mexican joints in fishtown, it is still reasonable and well worth it. 

I love that they have a raw bar because I'm a sucker for oysters. That being said I had a tough time deciding what sort of Mexican dish that would sit well on a belly full of oysters. I went with the Chicken tacos. They were great. A bit messy but just the right amount of spice. 

Also had a side of beans and rice that really caught me off guard- cheesy and salty- so good. 

Ate with a party of four and all were satisfied. 

As far as drinks I had no problem finding my preferred brew-any kind of IPA. My wife had a choice of Belgians and whites to satisfy her palette. 

Finally, the staff was great. From the minute we walked in the host had our number. Turned out he was a co-owner- nice work, Joe! The wait staff was on top of everything right from the get. Never an empty drink and empty plates were cleared right away. 

My advice to you: they bring the food as it's ready, just an FYI. 

My advice to Pistola's: give small plates so we can share!
Welcome to the neighborhood guys- there could not be enough beers bars in the hood ever! 

That said, we made our way into what felt like a giant living room with tonnes of energy and good vibes. It was incredible to see so many people come out to support one of my favorite bars from center city. Compared to Jose's, Sancho's have a more at-home feeling, like I said, think of a giant living room of Fishtown- staff more gracious [I hope that sticks!] Cool to see the kitchen at the other end.  Four tvs hang from above the bar for sports. 

Pretty good beers were on tap and reasonably priced; even with the overwhelming amount of people we found a little corner by the bar and our bartender was with us in minutes. I also sneaked in a glass of margarita- the classic- made well unlike the watered down of center city-needs a lime or two there. Food smelled amazing but having already eaten we tried their raw bar- 6 Bluepoints & 6 littlenecks- all very reasonably priced and what I believe is bought fairly and locally which helps support children. Love it! Undoubtedly will be back for tacos. 

Like all other bars were not close enough-I repeat, i'm ecstatic to have another beer joint a block away- so i can get to last call faster. Good luck yall!
When everything on the menu sounds delicious, then you know you've hit the jackpot. First, the drinks. Sancho knows what he's doing when it comes to margaritas. I'm not normally a margarita senorita, but I decided to get a pomegranate -mint variety because it sounded good. And it was. Not too- tequila-y, if you know what I mean. 

For an appetizer, we let other Yelpers guide us in the right direction with the Spicy Tuna Guacamole. You guys, this dish is it. I love me some guac, and this version is one of the best things I've ever piled onto a tortilla chip. 

The taco selection is out of control crazy. Every single taco made my mouth water. After some intense moments of debate, and with the help of my margarita brain, I decided on the lamb with cucumber yogurt. Even my husband, who said he wasn't sure it sounded good, was begging me for more than just one bite.

We aren't in Fishtown a bunch, but I think Sancho just gave us a reason to visit his neck-of-the-woods more often.
Maybe it was just the Frankford Hall bro-verflow, but I found the atmosphere here to be completely awful.

The space itself lacks personality and seemed to be compensating with obnoxiously loud music.

The food here was pretty good if a tad pricey, and the beer selection was quite good.

I'd like to try this spot again on a quiet weeknight before I pass my final judgement, but will be skipping it on the weekends for sure!
I love me some Mex food, but I find that eating it out there's a 75:25 hit:miss ratio; hence, I rarely opt to go to Mexican restaurants and stick to making it at home. This picky eater decided to be a daredevil this week and try Sancho Pistola's. This restaurant rekindled my love for experimenting with this delicious cuisine. Everything we had was absolutely phenomenal. Per request, they made me a vegetable enchilada dish which was out of this world. It had corn, radishes, cucumbers, onions, cheese - things that I wouldn't ever in a million years think to combine but boy, was I impressed. That with a side of their tamarind hot sauce - wowza! The flavors here were different and satisfying. Cherry on top was that the service was extraordinary - wish I remembered the name of our server who was SO accommodating to my dietary restrictions AND my pickiness. I'd highly recommend Sancho Pistola's!
Hubby say he would like to dine at a Mexican Fusion restaurant. I knew of Sancho Pistola, but never ate there before. So we got in our adventurous mode. There is happy hour available M-F from 4:00 to 6:00pm. From $4 Sangrias to $7 land tacos. The $7 land tacos would be your best deal as regular price per order ranges from $9-$18. 

Sancho Pistola were famous for their delicious cocktail drinks for many ppl. I couldn't resist so I try the Smokey Pinna. It definitely is a very smokey flavor drink, couldn't really taste the pineapple. 

We ordered Carnitas buns, Chicken Enchiladas  Verde, Duck land tacos, Korean ribs land tacos, and lobster land tacos. Me and hubby enjoyed everything. Hubby favored the Korean land tacos and Lobster land tacos. My favorite is the Carnitas buns. I like those so much, that I order one to-go:) 

Of course, no Mexican meal is complete without Flan. Hubby not a fan so he didn't eat any, but I DOG it up lol. ( I was actually glad that hubby didn't want any sheeesh, don't tell on me:)
Always was a big fan of Jose Pistola's so was quite excited to see them expand to Fishtown. For those familiar with the original incarnation, the similar hilarity and snarkiness is evident in this menu ;-). 

We went for brunch and opted for the $30 app/entree/side/bottomless brunch drinks special. Fabulous! Wonderful tortilla soup, exactly as it should be--so comforting. Huevos--solid, reasonable amount of food. Fresh, not grossly oversized portions, delicious food. Opted for the plantains for my side--transcended the typical fried plantanos or tostones (and were in that delightful in between stage between sweet and savory). 

Good drinks and weren't subpar just because they were bottomless. Fine margaritas, though I think the ones at Jose's were better from what I recall--a small hair sweeter than I prefer but still perfectly fine. Real OJ in the mimosas, very refreshing. I think the best was the Bloody Mary--spicy, not too thick, perfect!

In sum, quality and value! Definitely will be back for dinner. Plus, since they just opened up, we didn't have a wait :-). Glad to have them in the neighborhood.
Came here before a show nearby at Punchline Philly. 

They have some fantastic beers on tap and a handful of outstanding cocktails. Now, I'm not usually a cocktail guy but I trusted Bartender Billy, so I ordered the BurroGordo (fat donkey for you gringos). It was really good and refreshing. 

I ordered the steamed bun with pork and it rivals the chicken biscuit at Percy St, for the best food I've ever eaten at a bar. 

I had to have a taco as well, so I went with the Korean rib one. Damn it was good. I'm pretty sure I was given extra napkins to catch my tears, because I guarantee you no food particles were wasted. 

Overall a great place that rivals any of the amazing food spots in the area. NoLibs/Fishtown has my heart and (most importantly, my stomach.
Stopped by tonight for dinner and I was blown away by how delicious the food was. My family and I got 6 different types of tacos; chicken tinga, mahi mahi, pork belly, korean rib, calamari & chorizo and finally spicy pork. We also got nachos, and two margaritas (spicy mango & guava). The food was delicious and definitely made right. They all came out at the same time, hot and presentable. You also cant go with nachos or margaritas so we we're all happy campers. The prices were also responsible. Overall this place is great!
A friend who has a similar taste in food to me recommended this place, so I thought I'd check it out.  I have to say that I'm glad I did.  Sancho Pistola's has some good fish tacos, which are often hard to find on the east coast.

My husband and I arrived after 7:00 last Saturday night, and I wasn't surprised to see that the place was packed.  We were soon greeted by the host who told us it would be a 45 minute to an hour wait.  I wasn't sure what I wanted to do, but the host told us there were a couple seats behind the tap at the bar, so I didn't mind waiting so much if we could sit and have a drink.  

It took a while to get the bartender's attention because the place was so packed, and also we were sitting behind the tap which obstructed the view of those behind the bar.  I finally ordered the big Mex which had mezcal, strawberry, and jalapeno.  I think it was $11.  It was very disappointing.  I couldn't detect even a hint of heat in it, and I ordered it because of the jalapenos.  It just tasted like strawberry.    However, the host was great and came around and updated us every so often on the situation of our table.  I think we only ended up waiting for about thirty minutes. 

Once we were seated, I asked the waitress about the portion size because I had no idea how much to order.  There were some appetizers, raw bar selections, salads, nachos, and a whole lot of tacos.  The sides were all listed separately.  She told us that the tacos come with two with a corn tortilla, except for the falafel tacos that use a flour tortilla.  She said a couple of orders of tacos and a side to share should do it unless we're very hungry.  There were four varieties of fish tacos which made it hard to choose.  We settled on the sea bass and an order of nachos that we added guacamole and tinga chicken to.

The fish tacos came out first.  They were coated in a crispy tempura batter and served with a pickled red cabbage and a tangy creamy sauce.  We ate them quite quickly!  They were so good!

The nachos were HUGE.  I'm glad the waitress warned us about the size.  The chips tasted crisp and freshly fried and were topped with a variety of cheeses, creme fresh, hot peppers, beans, some amazing sauce, and of course the chicken and guacamole we added.  It was most definitely not healthy, but was a nice weekend treat.  They were some of the best I've had in awhile due to the combination of flavors and textures.  My only complaint is that I wasn't a fan of the chicken tinga.  I would not add that next time.  It didn't have much flavor and tasted reheated.  I know tinga stews in spices, but this one just was bland.  It'll be veggie nachos for me next time.

I did try another drink before we left, The Cartel.  It had yuzu in it (a Japanese citrus fruit), ginger, and mezcal.  It was SO much better than the Big Mex.  It was tangy and the ginger packed a punch.  If you like citrus and ginger, this is the drink for you.

A word of warning, if you don't like loud places, you'll hate Sancho Pistola's.  We were having to yell at each other to have a conversation due to the loud music and the way the sound bounced around in the room.  I would not go here on a first date though because you won't be able to have a conversation.   However, the tasty southwestern fare made up for the noise in our case.  I will be back to try the other varieties of fish tacos and to check out the raw bar.
I'm loving what Sancho Pistola's has going on.  All the wonder and edge of of the center city location but now in Fishtown.

The spicy tuna guacamole really starts things off nicely for any meal.  I also paired it with some mezcal and now I'm a fan of that.  I didn't find their lobster tacos to be jaw dropping but the other items (nachos, churros, spicy pork tacos, korean rib tacos) all were exceptional.  We even had churros for dessert just because they reminded me of my childhood.

Great food, great booze, great location.  This place is a keeper.
Sancho Pistolas is a fun spot in Fishtown. Supremely attentive service (our server Marco brought his A game), lively atmosphere, and quality Mexican food and drink. My date and I ordered a pitcher of the classic margarita to start, and then switched over to the spicy mango (the glasses come lined with chili powder, weirdly complementing the mango). 

For appetizers, we kicked off with orders of pico de gallo and spicy tuna guacamole. Since my date is a tuna enthusiast and I am not, I had to negotiate the tuna on the side - not an issue for our server. Both the guac and the pico held some heat, compliments of diced jalapeno, but were quickly devoured. As an entree, I was persuaded by Marco to try the soft shell crab tacos (an evening special). Stuffed inside - and outside - soft tortillas with chopped corn and chipotle sauce, the crab tacos were definitely the right call and a generous portion. I also give credit for the imagination - you don't often see soft shell crab on a menu, and even rarer, inside a taco.

Pistolas is very deserving of a five star mark - stop in if you're in or around Fishtown.
KOREAN RIB TACOS HERE ARE BOMB. gotta get them. rosemary blood orange margarita... so refreshing almost like drinking orange juice but BETTER. i'll definitely be back here to get some more tacos but reasonably priced and customer service was great. mind you though... there were only like 5 other patrons besides me so hopefully it's the same with more people in the restaurant.
On a Friday evening in February this place was jumpin'.  My husband and I stopped through on our way to a concert at the Fillmore and we very lucky to get a table for 2 right away.  The tables were quite cramped and we wound up in a corner, unnoticed by our server for most of our meal, but we didn't mind.  We had time to kill and being in the corner kept it cozy for date night.  By the time we left, people could barely get in the door.  

I will be back, but will be careful what drinks I order.  First round, I got a mango jalapeno marg and my husband got the house marg.  Mine was way too sweet.  The kind of sweet which you can tell you're going to get a sugar hangover the next morning.  My husband's was on point, perfect lime, sugar, tequila ratio.  So we decided to order a pitcher of the house marg for the next round.  We could barely get one drink down.  It was extremely sour and we questioned whether we ordered a virgin pitcher.  By the time we found our server, we had to run to catch the opening act of the concert so we paid the bill and split.  

I do want to end the review on a good note because Sancho's did have great food.  We had the mahi tacos and guacamole party.  I still talk about the guacamole party.  The various types of guac were incredible and at first I did not think I would like them but every single one was incredible.  It came with 4 huge portions of guacamole (3 from their menu and 1 off of their specials, which was a nice touch).  The traditional guacamole was perfectly chunky, the spicy tuna guac (my favorite) had a kick but so much flavor, the pistachio guac added a crunch you didn't know you needed, and the special for the day was berry guac with balsamic glaze.  When I explain it to people they understandably wince, as did I when I heard it.  But we gobbled down the berry guac first, we couldn't get enough!  Perfect combo of salty and sweet. 

I'll definitely be back to Sancho's when I'm in the area and next time stick to their extensive beer list.  I'm excited to try some of their other tacos and of course I'll never go without ordering the guac party!
A friend took me here for tacos and I was not disappointed. I got the tuna and the bahn mi pork belly tacos. The tuna tacos were, well, tuna tacos. They were good, no doubt, but nothing I haven't tasted before. And while the sauce wasn't spicy by my taste, it did kind of mute the tuna a little. The bahn mi tacos though, bangin. Pork belly was perfectly cooked and all the flavors of the bahn mi were there. I'd say I even like them better than a straight up bahn mi sandwich, but that's a matter of opinion as I dislike too much bread with any sandwich. Definitely coming through again, and definitely giving a good word out. Can't wait to try the rest of the menu!
Went here tonight for dinner and drinks. We got the special guacamole with pomegranate and mango. It was absolutely delicious. The server was great..making sure our drinks were always full and topped off, and the chips never ran out. 

We also got the duck tacos, Mahi Mahi tacos, and spicy pork tacos. They were all delicious. If I had to rate them from most amazing to still amazing but not quite as much it would go;
1. Pork -- great sweet and spicy mix. Pork was delicious 
2. Duck -- very interesting flavor profile but also amazing 
3. Mahi -- very good but tasted a lot like your typical Mahi Mahi taco (not in a bad way) but nothing setting it apart from other restaurants 

The blood orange Rosemary margarita is very delicious. Not too sweet like most. The Rosemary adds a great twist. 

Only good things to say about the food and drinks here.

ALSO at the end of the meal we received a complimentary dessert. Amazing service.
Stopped in at Sancho Pistola's with my wife and a craving for Mexican food. We've eaten at several other restaurants in the area but have never made it here before. SP is a corner spot with indoor high top tables, a handful of outdoor tables and a bar. 

They offer typical Mexican fare with their own twists. We ordered a tortilla soup, steak nachos, Korean BBQ tacos, and cencila tacos. The soup was a little too smoky for me to enjoy the entire bowl. The nachos and the tacos were good though. The fresh ingredients and the corn tortillas really made a huge difference. 

I'd like to give a huge shout out to our friendly, bearded waiter (really wish we caught his name) because he made us feel instantly welcome, well attended, and excellently served even though the place was very busy. 

To be fair, although there were highlights, the three star rating is more due to a singular experience. Would like to return to check out more of the menu but when I'm in the Frankfort area, I think I'd end up at other spots I enjoy more.
I hadn't been here in years until last week. It had fallen off my radar. I had a craving for tortilla chips that wouldn't quit, and my husband mentioned this place. I couldn't remember why I hadn't been in so long, so we decided to head over. 

It was a Friday evening around 8:00 PM, so I was worried we couldn't get in right away. However, there was plenty of room at the bar and a couple of tables available so we were seated immediately. 

The margaritas are delicious! I had the pickled watermelon rind one first. They let you choose a salt or sugar rim. It had that perfect tart, tangy flavor. I tried to order a prickly pear cocktail next. The waiter came back to tell me that it is sold out, but they hadn't erased it from the board yet. No worries, I opted for the mango chili margarita. Again, this was one was also balanced and fruity. The chili rim on the glass was a nice touch. Personally, I feel the drink itself could use more chili too as it was very mild. 

Food was good, although pricey. We got the nachos again, but without a protein addition. They tasted fine, but the cheese wasn't melted in spots and it seemed a little heavy on the pickled onions. 

The tacos have some nice fillings, and I like that they have so many seafood options. We had the fried mahi mahi that was battered and crispy, and the sauce and toppings had a lot of flavor.The tuna was very tender and a nice combo with the smokey and sweet chipotle sauce. 

Service was on point and water refills were frequent. You need all that water when eating salty chips! We were there for way over an hour, but they didn't erase the prickly pear cocktail off the board which was a little strange since they were out of it. 

Why had I not returned in so long? The volume level of the music! It is still so loud in here. You can't hold a conversation with people. I go to the bar/restaurant to eat/drink and not dance. I really wish they would turn down the volume. I guess it's a good place to go alone and sit at the bar though.

Despite the noise, I will still return at some point for those tasty margaritas!
Sancho Pistola's... so much excitement, such great drinks, such friendly service... such terrible tortillas.

The place was packed when we showed up and asked for a table for 5, but somehow it was only 15-20 minutes before they found a spot for us.  In that time we met the very friendly bartender who made us a couple glasses of "The Sancho" which is a margarita the way it should always be made:  just tequila, agave, and lime juice.  Absolutely delicious, we had about 40.  That may be a slight exaggeration.

We ordered some food as well, and that's where things got iffy.  The carnitas steamed buns, I have to say, were spectacular.  Perfect, puffy buns with juicy pork and lots of jalapeno spice... really delicious.

But then came the tacos, and my disappointment.

The menu is about 50% tacos.  They're broken into land tacos and sea tacos, which is very clever.  I had a really hard time deciding, because so many looked delicious, but we ended up with the Korean Rib tacos, with Asian pear pico de gallo, avocado, and cilantro.  I was psyched.

The tacos arrived.  They looked amazing.  I picked one up.  I took a bite.  And the soft tortilla immediately began to crumble in my hands.  Within 10 seconds I was holding a handful of meat with chunks of collapsed tortilla, my hands and arms soaked with juices, my taco now a salad in my hand.  After cleaning my arms and hands, I had to eat the taco with a knife and fork.  So did my fiancee beside me.  

One of the other people with us had the tuna tacos... and she also had her tortilla split, crumble, and fall apart quickly, leading to her eating her tacos with a knife and fork as well.

The only one who managed to successfully eat his tacos by hand was the guy that ordered the special that day, the pastrami taco, which came on a white flatbread instead of a tortilla.

So that's the reason for the three stars.  If you're going to have a menu that's primarily tacos... they cannot fall apart as soon as they're picked up.  That's soft taco 101, and made eating them thoroughly unenjoyable.  I was so focused on the rib juices all over me and eating as quickly as possible to keep the thing together that I have nothing really to say about the flavor of the dish, which is a shame, because those steamed buns were on point.

Will I be back?  Probably, for the drinks and to try some of the other dishes.  But Sancho's is going to have to step up their tortilla game, because there's a lot of taco competition in the Northern Liberties / Fishtown area.
Being a big time fan of Jose Pistola's I was ecstatic to hear that they were opening a new bar in Fishtown. And while it might have been devoid of Casey Parker singing along to the jukebox with gusto, it delivered exactly what I've come to expect from Pistola's and then some. 

Decor, ambiance, service, and the well rounded beer menu here are almost exactly the same as Jose's; only you don't have to climb the 3rd floor stairs for a somewhat sketched out bathroom. But they significantly added upon the TexMex and cocktail menus to add in even more enticing options.

For beers I was happy enjoying drafts from Avery, Jolly Pumpkin, and Bell's. But they rotate and keep the list fresh pretty frequently; and also have a fairly fantastic bottle menu. But they also might have the best Tequila list in the city. And they tout incredible cocktails like the Dead Man's Chest w/ Sailor Jerry,spiced rum, absinthe, Blanco Tequila, and grapefruit bitters; and the Big Mex with serrano infused tequila, mezcal, sour apple, strawberry, lime, agave nectar .

The taco menu runs the gamut of varieties that you'd expect, to plenty that are outside the box of TexMex standards. But with those odd varieties being taco variations of oyster po'boys, falafel, and a classic pastrami sandwich; I can't say I'm complaining too much. Going with someone meant that we were able to share and become mesmerized by the Lamb Pebil and Red Striped Bass tacos. The Bass was everything that you would want out of a battered fish taco, with just a bit of extra heat courtesy of the chipotle aioli. Meanwhile the succulent lamb rib meat, and the habanero achiote sauce succeeded in making the Pebil the star of the night.

With staples like corn on the cob with shredded cotija cheese and tortilla soup on the menu, a supersized burger and decent raw bar options, and a killer sounding brunch; there's definitely more than enough reasons to make here a Fishtown destination.
As someone who has eaten and drank their way through Philly, with most of my experience in Fishtown and Northern Liberties, I was beyond excited to finally try Sancho Pistola's, but was unfortunately beyond disappointed. 
Unlike Jose's, Sancho's, is a place catering to a different, more upscale clientele, which I respect and appreciate. However their food, ambiance and service do not do their concept justice. 
To start, Woody, the bartender, was without a doubt the best part of my experience. He was knowledgable, patient and charismatic. I would come back on a Tuesday just for him. 
However, the sangria was the worst I have every drank and the Korean Rib Taco (pictured) was mostly gristle and radish. Even with an industry discount, the price of $4.50 isn't worth it. 

Stop in if you want to form your own opinion, but if you want a quick, delicious bite of taco and a solid margarita in the area, go to Loco Pez or Cantina. 

Nice try, Sancho, I wanted to love you but unfortunately can't...
Here you can- Dine in or al fresco, grab drinks or grub at the bar, enjoy happy hour with friends or solo at this South American infused food bar & restaurant.  



My ratings are based on a scale of 1 to 5 stars, where 1 is tragic and 5 is Ouuwww terrific! 

Overall ratings- 4 stars
Customer service- 4 stars
Cleanliness- 4 star 
Food taste- 4 star
Food portions- 4 star
Drinks- 5 star
Bang for your buck/ value- 4 star
Decor- 3.5 star Mexican influence, psuedo- divey hipster bar and restaurant.  Dark and lots of wood.
Ambiance- 4 star al fresco.  3 star inside.  A little loud, hipster like scene.
Pork belly tacos were delish. Absolutely some of the best tacos ever. Guac was also good. The service is top-notch. We had to sit at the bar because it was PACKED and the bartender was so attentive and made me EXACTLY the drink I wanted. It is a little bit pricey on the drinks but for a nice impromptu night out wasn't bad.
Mahi Mahi Ceviche was served with tomato, habenero, avocado, and cilantro.  It wasn't overly lime-y, and had a nice flavor that went well with the Mahi Mahi.  It's served with what seem to be home made chips, really good together.  

Carnitas Steamed Buns (2) were really tasty.  Slow cooked pork, pico de gallo, chipotle aioli, and guacamole all served on a dense rice bun.  I love rice buns, and would like to see more food served on them.  The flavor on this dish, as well as the texture, was pretty great.  

Mahi Mahi Tacos (2) were served battered with pickled red cabbage, chipotle aioli, and cilantro.  These were pretty terrific, better than a lot of fish tacos that I've had.  

Spicy Pork Tacos (2) are served with grilled pineapple, kimchi, and cilantro.  These were okay, but not my favorite.  My special friend liked them, and she ordered them, so there's that.  

They had some interesting things on take.  I tried Deschutes Black Butte Porter here on tap, which is something that you don't see a whole lot of, and I'd like to see more.
Stumbled in here for brunch on a Saturday morning, and it was totally empty, which is surprising, because it was an incredible experience!  I love brunch and my boyfriend loves all things spicy, so it was a perfect decision.

Food was fresh, creative, and delicious.  I was really bummed that they were out of the chipotle eggs benedicto, so I got the huevos rancheros instead.  A classic choice, cooked to perfection, made me forget all of my sadness at the lack of eggs benny in my life that morning. My boyfriend got like this spicy pastrami breakfast sandwich or something like that, and it was outrageously good.  

Also, little did I know at the time that apparently the mimosas, bloody marys, and margaritas are BOTTOMLESS for two hours during brunch!?!?!? WHAT?! Explains why the server was so eager to bring me another...  It must be like their best kept secret or something, because I definitely would have had more had I known, and I'm making it a priority to go back ASAP to take advantage of this incredible deal. 

Our server was attentive, outgoing, and friendly, and my boyfriend and I seriously enjoyed our brunch experience here.  Will definitely be back, and not just for the bottomless drinks.
I'm mad at all of the 1 & 2 star reviews. I can't understand what would warrant that kind of rating.  Seriously, seated in 15 mins on a Friday night, food was prepared quickly & was outstanding! Everyone who worked there is a gem.... and awesome beer selection.

Probs my new favorite spot in fishtown.... oh! and I will be dreaming about that Carne Asada.
What's great?
The fish tacos, the $17 pitchers of margaritas during happy hour, the spicy mango margaritas, the nachos with pickled red onions, the homemade hot sauce, the guac, Jose the best server

What's not so great? 
I wasn't a fan of the Korean rib tacos, but I'd never tried Korean ribs before... so if you like them, it may be a good choice for you

Come between 4:30 and 6:30 for happy hour M-F to grab $17 pitchers... so worth it.
First time here, was unaware that they were associated with Jose Pistola's (one of my favorite spots in Center City), so I was pleasantly surprised when I found this out. 

Met my friend for some drinks, food, and football on a Sunday. Beer selection was excellent, offer a lot of different bottles, cans, and drafts. 

Food menu had a lot of intriguing choices. At Joes Pistola's I always tell people to go there and get the Pulled Pork Nachos because they are some of the best I've ever had...so naturally we ordered those here as well. Delicious. 

The Tuna Guac was reccomended but my friend won't eat tuna, so we went with the plantains which were incredible and the Green Curry Wings, also very different and tasty.

All in all it was a great experience. I'm glad I now know this spot it here as I'm in the Northern Liberties area frequently, especially during my summer/tequila season! Solid Job to Sancho and it's employees who were all very helpful and friendly.
Holy crap. That seared tuna taco is a DAMN good taco. And the nachos? We ordered them at the beginning of our meal...and again at the end. Who need dessert when you can have more melted cheese? There are a ton of topping on this ish (no dry and lonely chips here) and the chips are fried and crispy. Service is friendly, the bar is huge, and while the margs ain't cheap (whyyy $10?!) and the happy hour ends at 6pm, I'm very much looking forward to hitting up Sancho Pistola's again.
Came here with some friends on a whim, and was pleasantly surprised. The food is amazing! (albeit on the pricier side)

- Nachos: (cecina beef, chicken tinga, or spicy pork) Get the beef. Every time - get the beef. Very pricey (about $10?), but well worth it! 
- Corn on the Cob: tasty, but with a little spicy kick
- Korean Rib Tacos: only 2 tacos per order (as with every taco), but they were AMAZING. So flavorful with a unique pear pico de gallo that combines a Korean favorite with a unique Mexican twist
Sancho's was my destination for after work drinks with a coworker last Thursday and we made sure to get there in time for happy hour. We first indulged in a pint of beer from the crafty selection on the chalkboard before moving onto the half-priced pitcher of sangria. I was especially in love with that because it came with a generous portion of apples and cherries on top without being too sweet.

We got fairly hungry, so we thought we'd start with a plate of nachos ($9 + $4 for meat--ours were half off because of happy hour and such a good deal) and order more food after. But those nachos came so loaded with meat (hint: get the chorizo, which isn't listed as an option. Yum), a few different types of cheese, cilantro, and jalapenos that we didn't need to order any more food. We were stuffed before the rest of our friends even rolled up.

Also, MAKE SURE you ask for the homemade hot sauce. It's a sweet and creamy flavor on the front of the tongue but it develops a deep burn on the aftertaste that is totally satisfying.

Our server was fantastic and shared with us her favorite dishes while also putting up with our boisterous conversations (we were easily the loudest people in there, although there were larger parties in attendance).

The atmosphere and decor of Sancho's made me feel like I was in any normal Fishtown bar (read: industrial decor) that also happened to be serving Mexican food. I am not a huge fan of kitsch in general, so I really didn't mind it at all. Just don't expect it to look like an "authentic" Mexican place.

Definitely need to return to have more than just the nachos.
I give it three stars because it's exactly that: A-OK.  If you are looking for a trendy popular joint to stop into, this is it but thats about it in my opinion.  My boyfriend and I went here for brunch on a slow saturday morning and it was less than impressive.  The inside shocked me due to its starkness- nothing to look at to keep you entertained, definitely minimalist which is unusual for a mexican restaurant.  I lived in Mexico for a semester and Mexicans arent usually one for minimalist design.  We decided to sit outside on Girard which was a huge mistake.  The next table over had their dog which is great and we LOVE dogs but the dog hair ended up in pretty much EVERYTHING i ordered- which honestly isnt even THAT big of a deal because we have animals and know the routine.  What bothered me more was the dust and dirt coming from the construction across the street and the loudness coming from Girard Ave traffic (honestly, not the best place to have outdoor seating, I dont even know how they swung that permit).  

I ordered the eggs benedict (how could you go wrong, right?) and my boyfriend ordered the pastrami and egg sandwich (how is that even hispanic?).  I ordered a mimosa which was 'meh'.  The eggs benedict were DRENCHED in this mayo-like sauce where you could barely make out what was underneath them.  They came atop an arepa type patty that had ground beef and black beans- thats fine, i understand that's hispanic right there but it did not taste well together.  What it did to my stomach later is a COMPLETELY different story.

My boyfriend is a guy who enjoys anything you put in front of him and he didnt even end up finishing his sandwich.  There was nothing particularly wrong with our meals but at the same time- nothing to write home about.  The waitress was ok but we did have to wait a bit for our check which I dont like too much especially since we were being covered in dirt and dust and dog hair.  

All in all- in my opinion I think this establishment is HIGHLY overrated but I need to maybe go back for their dinner (like tacos, etc) but it doesnt seem like a legitimate hispanic restaurant in my eyes.  They could have done better all around.
Came here with my fiancé and his college buddy.  None of us were familiar with the area and this place had a lot of people but wasn't completely packed.  We got a table in one of the corners.  They have a large beer list and the service was pretty good.
So, if the primary item on your menu is going to be a taco, then you need to make an awesome tortilla and Sancho Pistola's just didn't deliver. There were 5 of us and not one taco lasted till the end. I took one bite and the whole thing fell apart it was that thin. I had to eat 90% of my taco with a fork and knife...booooo. 

In better news, I really loved their sancho pistola's margarita. Sweet but not too sweet. No sour mix= two thumbs up for me. The service was also pretty good and the atmosphere was hopping and fun. 

Would I come back? May be but there are so many other awesome taco places in the nolibs/fishtown area that's it's unlikely. I would come back for a margarita, though!
Stopped here on Saturday while I was on a bike ride called the tour de taco. 20 miles, 10 taco stops. This was stop 9. I took the strategy of one at each stop which was pretty ambitious. Here I wound up ordering the chicken tinga taco. It was the first place of the day that had a full bar, so without hesitation, I ordered a margarita. A large reason for this was I was 8 tacos deep and I had zero room in my stomach for a beer. Thank god I got a margarita because I had one of those experiences you look back on and say damn, that changed my whole outlook on things. The pickled watermelon margarita on the rocks. Holy crap! I need this in my life every day for the rest of my life. I had every intention of only having one, but after tasting it, and immediately sucking down the whole thing in mere seconds, I had to have another one. It may have been the best drink I have ever had, and it changed my perspective of rocks vs. frozen margaritas. All rocks, all day, forever going forward. No more frozen.

To pair with my margarita, I had ordered the chicken tinga taco. Chicken tinga is a shredded chicken in a tomato and chili and chipotle sauce. Its sweet and spicy and just a little bit smokey too. It is great in tacos, and it was great in this one. Mine was a little bit cold by the time I got to it, not the fault of the restaurant, but my own, but the flavor was awesome. It was accented just a bit by the onion, cilantro and queso fresco dusting it received on top.

The menu is fantastic in terms of both beer and food. No its not the most traditional place in the world, but its not trying to me. Its a reinvention of classic Mexican dishes and cocktails and they are done amazingly well. I will be back oh so soon.
I've heard good things about brunch here, but ended up stopping by for an early, quick dinner on a Saturday.  Unfortunately, it was during Oktoberfest on Frankford Ave, so the streets were a little noisy and hectic while we dined outside.  Surprisingly, there were plenty of seats available during the dinner rush.

Apparently, based on the other reviews, I made a huge mistake by not ordering their guacamole appetizer - damn!  I was really here for a quick in-and-out bite so maybe next time I'll explore the menu a little more.

I'll give them the benefit of the doubt with a 4 star rating.  The chicken fajitas special of the day was VERY tasty.  The chicken was seasoned well, juicy, grilled to perfection and topped with melty cheese and placed over a bed of perfectly grilled/charred bell peppers and onions and served with homemade salsa, guacamole, sour cream, shredded cheese and fresh, warm, grilled flour tortillas on the side.  No leftovers, but no uncomfortable full feeling either - just the right portion.  As spot-on as it comes.

The pitcher of classic margarita was a-okay (i.e. tasted so good it masked the taste of the alcohol and I got buzzed pretty fast).  I would like to try the interesting flavors they have next time.

Sounds great, right?  Well, the problem here is the prices.  $5 upcharge for meat on the nachos?  Extra $$$ for flavors in the margarita?  $17 for the special tacos of the day?  I would have liked to try the tacos on the regular menu but all were pretty much in the $15 range and I know I could get authentic, filling and cheap ones at corner taquerias.  

I'm usually not spend-thrifty when it comes to dining out, but a quick glance at their menu just seemed like we were being a little bit ripped off.  So, we ordered the chicken fajita special for $15 because it sounded like the most bang for your buck (which it was).  PRO TIP: the margarita pitcher is way more cost-effective than individual glasses.

Either way, those fajitas were just too damn tasty to give it a 3 and I will definitely return here if I'm in the area to try that allegedly amazing guacamole.
I don't normally write reviews, but thought I should throw my two cents in on the quality of this location.  I was super excited to try this location because it is closer to my house than Jose Pistola's downtown.  Unfortunately that is where the excitement ended.

After sitting down at one of the tables the server suggested, it took nearly 20 minutes to receive waters, menus and a greeting from our server.  I'm fairly certain that had I not stood up to look at the beer menu, we never would have been served.

We ordered the nachos at the downtown location on Cinco de Mayo, and loved them, so we thought we would try them again.  They were not nearly as good, and lacked the toppings that we received the first time, but included $3 worth of guacamole that I never requested but was charged for anyway.

Long story short, if you want good service and better quality, stay away from this location and stick to the flagship Jose Pistola's downtown!
Started with the Chips & Guac... chips are perfectly baked. I think we should have tried the Spicy Tuna Guac after reading others reviews. 

I went for the Spicy Pork Tacos (grilled pineapple, kimchi, cilantro) and 2 per order was plenty! The tacos are extremely filling and packed. The grilled pineapple with kimchi was the perfect spicy and sweet flavor mixed. 

For drinks - we split a Spicy Mango Marg Pitcher which got us 5 drinks. Super sweet but good. My friends thought it was a little too spicy. The Smoked Piña cocktail also looked delicious. 

Next time I will be trying happy hour. Casual spot - service was extremely fast and laid back.
A solid two star [OK to mediocre] and a bit high-priced for what it is.

Im thankful for this place though, it's hard enough to get into Loco Pez these days and Im hoping the bro factor and Jersey Shore tribes from Northern Liberties will simply stop here and leave me more Pez.

The service was inconsistent the two times I visited. When I met up with friends at the bar last time, both my friends complained they had to wait forever to be acknowledged and asked if they'd like to get a drink.  I didn't have that problem, but y'know, Im gorgeous! (jk)

The food comes out pretty quickly though but it's not really very mexican-like to me.  I recommend this place to people who want mexican/american cuisine.  The tacos are larger and sometimes offered in creative gourmet offerings, but there's less of them for more money when I compared to places that serve [more] authentic tacos.  The chips and salsa are $5 and you get a tiny portion of chips and they're just OK, not great. A bit greasy in my opinion but they're OK. 

Atmosphere is kinda loud music semi-sports bar feel but not bad looking.  I just found it louder than expected for a medium sized crowd but mostly the music was just too loud.  I guess wednesday nights are "party time" nights?

Anyway, thank you Sancho Pistola's, for being the N.libs buffer!
In terms of food Loved the nachos!!! So so good!!! Tuna taco, mahi mahi taco and Brussels sprouts taco all really good. Spicy mango margarita was nice too. Had a good spicy kick to it. 
In terms of ambience, its good loud music and pub environment so if looking for a chat and dine place don't completely recommend it unless you get an outside seating. 
Overall good cocktails and tacos. The service is alright as well.
Loved this place!

Their guacamole sample late is out of this world!! Great spot for picking up some margs. It is super affordable - you could head here any day of the week and feel good about what you spent and what you ate.

They have an extensive taco menu - really fun to try!
Pretty good food! We stopped here spontaneously while we were in Fishtown for the day. The queso was so good, we could eat a few bowls of that- lol. The margarita pitchers were also great. Just didn't love the tacos as much. I'm not too sure if we would go again, but the food decent. The pricing was average and the atmosphere was cool.
Can't believe I haven't done a review here yet because I've probably been here 100 times. You can go wrong with this place, I've had everything on the menu, and it really makes all the other Mexican places in the area seem obsolete.

The margaritas are fantastic, no heartburn with these bad boys. The tuna tacos are my fave but the crem de la crem is the spicy pork nachos. GET THEM!! you won't be disappointed.

Great happy hour and brunch, can't beat the prices!
When I heard Sancho Pistola's opened up just a few blocks away from my house, I was excited. While there is no shortage of brewpubs in the Fishtown/No. Libs neighborhood, Sancho Pistola's is one to come out for.

The space has a modern aesthetic, with some chic design cues.  A packed wrap-around bar and lots of tables (unfortunately for food only until late night).  There are a couple of TVs atop the bar, too, which I think lighten the mood and make the place more approachable.  Crowd was all over the place in demographic, probably because it was the first week open when I walked in.  There isn't a lot of standing room because staff are constantly walking through the restaurant with food for tables, but if you can snag a seat at the bar or the back ledge behind the bar to perch then you're set.

The draft list is great and pretty reasonably priced for the quality of beers.  All true craft stuff, and rotating pretty frequently... all completely different taps from whne i visited just a few weeks ago.  Sancho Pistola's has a good bottle list, too, if you can't find something you want.  I was really surprised to see Deschutes Red Chair on the list (which I ordered and highly recommend).  A little weak on ciders, but a good mix of domestic and import stuff.  They've got some interesting looking cocktails which I didn't try, but they look good and will definitely go for one the next time I'm back.

Service was decent. It took me quite a while to get my drink order taken at the bar, and I had to repeat myself easily 4 separate times before the bartender got my complete order.  It's hard to tell whether they were just new or dealing with opening week stress, but I imagine things will get better when things have died down a little. We ordered food later at night and waitress was attentive and kind.

Speaking of food, it is damn good.  The menu is definitely a more gourmet twist on Mexican, which is a welcome change to the cheap Mexican stuff elsewhere in the city. We ordered the spicy tuna guacamole for the table, and it was the thebomb.com.  Only until we got the bill did we realize it was $14!  

Pro-tip, ask the price of what you order before you place it because the menus do not include prices... (part of the reason why I dinged them a star).

All-in-all, Sancho Pistola's is a great addition to Girard.  Great brews, good food, and a nice atmosphere.  Once they work out the kinks and a typical crowd sets in, Sancho Pistola's will probably be a true 5-star bar.
If it weren't for the liquid courage of their amazingggg margaritas, I wouldn't have had the guts to text my now bf into meeting up with me. I owe you Sancho! 


Also the food is insane, brunch is the best in Philly . Owner is a stand up guy, also check out their other location, Jose Pistolas for the best nachos in philly.
Sometimes, you just have to satisfy your taco cravings. I had just finished a long day at work, and I was ravenous for tacos. After quickly scrolling through Yelp to try to find the best place close to me, my friend and I settled on Sancho Pistola's. We were seated immediately, and the service remained friendly and quick throughout our dinner. My friend and I shared the guac to start, which was accompanied by thick cut crispy tortilla chips, and arrived within 10 minutes of us ordering! For our meal, we split the duck tacos and spicy pork tacos. Both were juicy and delicious, with interesting flavors that went above and beyond the average taco. 

Sancho Pistola's also has a happy hour that I've been meaning to check out - Monday through Friday from 4-6 pm, it's half price drafts, $17 pitcher of margs and sangria, plus a taco special as well! After the great service and food I had, I'll definitely be back for more!
Loved the spicy tuna guacamole. Not the best service. And definitely not the best margaritas - they are so sweet it's hard to get down. I sent my margarita back two times before I just gave up and drank a water.
Tldr: Sancho's is a quaint mexican fusion restaurant with a fairly extensive menu.

Food! Cause its the most important: I ordered the chips w/ pico de gallo and the carnitas steamed bun. The chips were delicious but nothing very special. The pico de gallo sauce was tasty but had too much liquid imo. The carnitas steamed buns were great and stuffed with meat. I really enjoyed the sauce for the steamed bun but sadly it was hidden at the back of the sandwich.

Menu: the menu was fairly exhaustive! I was surprised to see a variety of fusion tacos along with vegan and non-taco options.

Environment: there is both inside and outside seating. Mostly at high top tables and the bar. Most tables could do a max of four but it looked like you could move tables together if you had a larger party.
Came across this place when I was around Frankford Ave and craving mexican food - I was not disappointed. The guac is a MUST! Delicious and they let you customize it if you want some items added/out. I'm a huge fan of mexican corn and this was not disappointed. And for my veg friends- tons of options available!
Scarfs/vapor cigarettes, blazers/wool hats is the common decor of Sancho's. Tight seating and even tighter parking but Amazing Food!!!!! Started with crab meat guacamole (not Lump) but really good. Followed by steamed pulled pork buns, so good. Flavorful- spicy, salty, juicy overflowing with pork for the tiny steamed buns, great dish, but pequeño. Next, pork belly tacos (2 per order) another incredible dish. No frills, no sides, just two soft shell tacos of gelatinous, pork, bacon flavor of pure genius. Girlfriend had the scallop tacos, I didn't try them, but since her plate was cleaned I figured they were good. Also, the tacos are pequeño. Dessert, shared the flan, soft, sweet, delicious but also pequeño. The only killer was the bar prices. Expensive beer, killer signature margaritas, but expensive. Over All.....Can't wait to get back!!
Extremely poor customer service. I mean really the opposite of customer service. Unless you like being talked down to and not helped at all when you're confused about the menu, I highly suggest avoiding this place.  Told us to "write a review if you want. It won't matter and we won't miss you" 
So here I am. Writing a review. And hoping it matters.
Not the best. Guacamole was over priced for what it was...tasted like it came out of a jar. Tacos were a 4/10 as they did not have much flavor at all. My girl got a margarita and it was weak sauce. Would not recommend.
I live nearby, been meaning to check this place out.  Finally stopped in with my roommate on a weeknight and sat at the bar.  I figured I'd have a burrito and a glass of Tequila.  No burritos on the menu at the Mexican place.  Hmm ok I guess I'll get creative then.

I ended up having the Tuna ceviche and a bowl of tortilla soup.  My roommate had a plate of nachos and a queso fundido.  I gotta say, despite the no burrito thing it was all pretty excellent.  The ceviche wasn't life changing but quite tasty.  The nachos were well loaded, also very good.  The tortilla soup though was fantastic.  Easily the best I've  had.  Lots of peppers in the broth, more like a mole sauce than the typical lame tomato soupy style.  I didn't try the queso but it looked, ya know, cheesy.

On the drink front, I picked a reposado I'd never tried at random.  Tres Agaves, it was pretty solid.  Not really a margarita guy so I can't comment there.  I was curious to try some Mezcal since that's the new cool, but the prices were pretty steep so I passed.

As usual, if you're looking for authentic Mexican food, stick with Que Chula.  If you're looking for piles of cheap tacos, stick with Loco Pez.  But if you're looking for something a bit more creative (and expensive) with a bit of a mexican flair (think El Rey) you are certainly better off here than El Camino Real.
Ate here for the first time Friday night. They were busy when we walked in and we wanted a table. We asked the server for one but she told us there was no "two tops" available only bigger tables. They had seating at the bar which was fine. We got some amazing drinks. The bartender was really intricate in making these yummy yummy drinks. I got the classic margarita and I'm still craving it. My boyfriend got the "the sancho". We ordered food, I think there was some confusion in what we ordered because the wrong food came out. They fixed it for us and when our food came out it was phenomenal. I got traditional guacamole and chicken enchiladas. My boyfriend got chips and salsa, queso fundido, shrimp tempura tacos. Everything we ate was amazing and that is why I am giving this place a 5 star review. 
We were a little upset later in dinner when we saw 2 people being seating at 4 person table after we were told that we couldn't do that and had to sit at the bar. 
I wish I got the bartenders name because of how tasty the drinks were. We will definitely be back and we are hoping for that same bartender :)
Sancho's started out at a 3 star but by the time I got around to writing this review (and 4 subsequent visits) I'm pushing it up to 4 stars.

The food is fantastic and the drink / craft brew list is really solid for any restaurant in the Fishtown area.

My go-to as of late is the sashimi tuna guacamole.  I could make a whole meal out of it and I generally do.  I've also tried the chicken wings, the spicy pork tacos, and the mahi ceviche.  All of which are also great.

While I haven't tried it, my friends claim that the burger is one of the best in Philly.  It's definitely on my list for the next visit.

As for the restaurant itself, the room is pretty small so it often feels packed on a busy night.  They also have some outdoor seating, but it's a small sidewalk near a busy area so I'm not sure if I'd want to sit out there.

As for service, it's pretty solid.  Not exceptional but not bad either.

Taco for taco, I still prefer Loco Pez because of their variety, but Sancho's is definitely #2 and worth a visit if you are in the area.
The food rocks and the staff is friendly. Service was prompt, the food came out fast. Yummy cocktails and a good beer selection. 

After two visits, so far I've had  the tuna guacamole, tuna tacos, spicy pork tacos, pico de gallo, and steak tacos. All of this food has been phenomenal and the pico de gallo is the best I've ever had. I have no idea how they make it so flavorful, but Sancho Pistola's is doing something right.

Just to be a little nit-picky, at the end, the server placed the bill in front of my boyfriend when she dropped the check, which bothered me as I was treating him to dinner that night. Servers should not assume the man is going to pay the bill. As a female customer, I would appreciate if the check is dropped in the middle of the table when the staff does not know who is paying the bill.

But you know, the overall experience overshadowed my little annoyance, and this place still gets a solid 5 stars. I have recommended it to a coworker who already plans on taking her family there for her birthday, and I will recommend it over and over again.
Solid five stars. We sat at the bar and decided to pace ourselves with progressive orders of small plates to share.

We started with the tuna guacamole... I know that this doesn't sound quite right but I assure you it's amazing! Sushi grade tuna tartare diced up over fresh made guacamole with a little sesame oil and seeds sprinkled on top. Served along side were some in house fried tortilla chips. We then split an order of soft shell crab tacos served on a flour tortilla with a drizzle of chipotle mayo on top...we got the last order of this stellar tacos and we were glad and sad... Glad that we had them and sad that we couldn't get any more. I could have just had a couple of orders of these and be more than content.

We then had a nicely done hamachi appetizer drizzled in soy and topped with a sliver of fresh jalapeño...perfect!

The last plates were the carnitas steamed buns which we deceived would pair perfectly with an order of fried plantains. The carnitas buns were simple and delicious and went very well with the plantains which were topped with some Mexican cream. 

Did I mention they have a full bar with a great handcrafted beer selection? Can't wait to go back!
My first time to Sancho our server was not great but once we received our good it was amazing. I can say with 100% honesty that the Maduros (sweet Plantains) are the best in the city. The 2nd time we went we had the best server in the world. She was so nice and really took care of use. My girlfriend and I took one of friends to Pistola's and being mexican she said,"I will be the Judge of how good it is, after all I am Mexican." 3 words sum it up _ Party in your mouth!!!! You have to go - go early - the bar gets packed with hipsters - outside setting is great. Lets GO
3 words - Pickled Watermelon Margaritas. 
3 more words - Spicy Mango Margaritas (made with habanero infused tequila)

Crazy awesome guac options from traditional to experimental (Pomegranate Guac? YES). Chips are fresh and super crispy.

Amazing taco options for every palate - vegetarian friendly as well as carnivores :)

Kitchen is super fast so you can order on the fly. 

And for the super hungry - there are entrees... 

Amazing service - great music - bar seating and high top tables - very casual. Super fun!
What a great place with great boozy brunch and awesome service. 

I got their brunch special - $30 for appt/entree/side with 2 hours of unlimited mimosa/margarita/bloody Mary. their bloody mary mix is delicious and their margarita's are good too. Now, the food - I ordered the tortilla soup which was done very well, huevos rancheros with vegan sausage, which was really good, and the fried plantain. I could not stop eating these plantains.. 

My husband ordered from their regular menu - the fish taco which were really really tasty and their beer draft was great too.

I like it a lot there. I will visit again soon.
I've been dreaming of eating the spicy tuna guacamole again...it was just incredible. Perfectly cut into small cubes.. it was heaven in an oval shaped dish. 

I was excited about the menu..(such as the Korean tacos, Carnitas steamed buns, fried plaintains..) The second dish I tried was the Brussels sprout leaf tacos. The leaves were crisp, and there was a big heaping pile of them. I love how creative this restaurant got with this dish, simple ingredients, but executed so well.
This review is for brunch only.

The allure of a $30 brunch special which includes an app, an entree, a side and bottomless bloodies, margaritas, or mimosas certainly sounds like a winner.  It definitely caught our eye and got us in the door.  In the end, we didn't opt for the pre-fixe and went a la carte which meant we had to guess at the pricing of the meal items because they are not listed on the menu.  Make sure you specify you are NOT getting the pre-fixe or it might be assumed (as happened to our friends dining with us).

I opted for the Eggs Benedicto while my husband got the steak and eggs.  I did also get a bloody Mary which was pretty tasty even if they called it a "boring Mary" because I got it with vodka instead of mezcal.  They have an additional flavor (I'm thinking steak sauce instead of the just plain Worcestershire) that really gave it a unique taste.

While I did enjoy the latin take on Eggs Benedict (chorizo, black beans and chipotle hollandaise as opposed to the traditional), for the most part my food was just bland, despite all those powerful flavors.  More seasoning might have helped.  My husband loved the potatoes that accompanied his meal but did not enjoy his steak.

This was really just ok. Perhaps we will try for dinner at some point but I think brunch is not their strong suit.
I visited with two friends recently and sat outside among a few other diners/drinkers. The inside of the sports bar looking restaurant was occupied but not full in the least - it was just a nice night outside. 

The taste of the food was okay but nothing spectacular and I've had tacos all over from PA to LA. That said, they give you just 2 tacos instead of the typical 3 taco plate and they are a bit overpriced at about $12. Really, $12 for 2 tacos? Anyway, despite the price I wouldn't return because the service was absolutely terrible. I'm really not picky when it comes to service but when I'm flat out ignored as a paying customer I feel like it needs to be said. 

There were 4 tables outside being attended to by one female server who strangely ignored our table the entire time. Our male server who was the only one attending to us or anyone outside was nowhere to be found throughout the duration of our stay at the establishment...except to deliver our first round of drinks and meal after we ordered. He did not circle back around to see if things were okay or if we wanted additional drinks. When an additional friend arrived to our party get a drink she waited a while for the server to be polite and finally in frustration went inside to the bar to get it herself and bring it outside to our table. 

We even were talking about these factors audibly within earshot of the female server while she was attending to a table next door to us and she did nothing. We had to eventually physically go inside and ask for our bill so that we could leave. Had they been more attentive we totally would have gotten a few rounds of drinks. Their loss. When there are so many other great places in the city of Philadelphia to get Mexican food I wouldn't waste your time here. You'll get more tacos for your buck and not walk away feeling hungry, sober, and ignored.
I love this place. We ate here on a Sunday afternoon and it was not too busy. They have brunch available until 3 pm. I opted for the tuna guac and it was amazing.  I will get it again and I highly recommend it if you like raw fish. We also had pitchers of margaritas.  They were made with Montezuma tequila, which is cheap stuff, but they were still delicious. The preparation was just right, not too sugary and plenty of citrus. We sat inside, then later moved to the street side tables. Both areas are nice, and they kept the windows open so you can still hear the music and feel the ac outside.
This is one of my favorite places to go for drinks and dinner in the city. Margaritas are a must here and they've always got new flavors. Fish tacos, mole meatball steamed buns, and scrapple guac are my favorite!
Worst tacos ive ever had. Service was terrible. The servers never even came over to offer us a second drink. What a waste of money. Hire some bartenders who actually pay attention to thier bar
The absolute worst service I have ever had

Ordered an appetizer and got before the drinks even came out then the drinks weren't even correct in fact nothing was correct. When the food started coming out we only got one entree and the other never came. Waitress was unapologetic and screamed fuck when she realized she messed up again

Would recommend never coming here, who ever owns this place should be embarrassed
Awesome customer service, great location, amazing food/ drinks!!! Will def be going back again. 

We ordered the cecina tacos, and 2 orders of the pork belly tacos, with plantains on the side & can't forget the margaritas ( spicy mango, classic, & pomegranate). 

We sat at the bar and the bartenders were great and constantly checked to see if we needed anything. This place gets 5 stars for the food( that was well prepared), the drinks ( that were AMAZING), the customer service (which was an A+), and the ambience ( which was a cool, chill place, with decent people just looking to have a great time)
Very disappointed. Freedom tacos were ok. The pork tacos were mostly fat. We had 2 orders so Out of four tacos only two were edible. When we told the waiter he just said oh sorry. He did not offer to take them off the bill or replace them. The margaritas were mostly sour mix no fresh juice and not much tequila.  The churro were good. It's a good location but could do a lot better with the food.  It's obvious that quality isn't a concern.
Let's see, the nachos were about the same quality I could get from my Microwave. Cheddar Cheese and canned beans don't really do the trick when stacked up against Loco Pez, or even El Camino. The sangria was pretty awful, the fruit was all bland and the drink itself tasted like watered down cheap wine. Then there was the tacos...ugh the korean taco was horrible, mostly gristle and almost no flavor at all, and the brussel sprout leaf tacos were covered in oil, so much so my wife and I both felt sick after eating them, the flavor was ok, but they were just way too drenched in oil. On top of all of the the tacos were about $6 a piece, and come in plates of two, way over priced compared to anywhere in the area, and the quality wasn't even half as good. I doubt we will ever go back, it was pretty abysmal.
Went here with work peeps and everyone loved it.  Yes, even the celiac's disease ridden vegan.  

Most of us got the Brussels sprouts tacos which were salty and amazing and one of us got the roasted chicken tacos which she said were deeeeelish.  We also got the seasonal guac that was out of this world!  It's weird because they tell you it's called a grilled fruit guac but it's seasonal and you need to ask about it.  The chips were also salty and delicious.  

Everything is cooked in soy oil so if you have a soy problem, watch out.  But everything is or can be gluten free and vegan, so that's helpful for some :)  Drinks were moderate in both strength and pricing.  

Happy hour is half price drafts and margarita pitchers.  Totally worth it!  Oh, and the side of mushrooms was huge and yummerific.  

The downside is the saltiness, if you aren't into that, there is very little room between tables once the place gets crowded and you can only split the check three ways.  Otherwise, I HIGHLY recommend!
SANCHO is usually my favorite Mexican food in the area, but went today and had the worst service at their bar. The bartender didn't even acknowledge us for the first 20 mins, never even told us her name and was super moody the whole time we were there. It was as if we were bothering her. I enjoyed my usual order, but my friend and fiance were underwhelmed with their meals. I would have stayed for quite a few drinks as usual  if the bartender didn't have such a negative and dismissive demeanor. As much as I love the freedom tacos, i will not be back any time soon. We ended up going to bottle bar around the corner for our drinks and can not say enough wonderful things about the service. Moral of the story, bad service will loose customers. Thanks red headed bartender on a Saturday day...ur terrible service drove us to go elsewhere, which is a blessing. Thank u
I LOVE THIS PLACE! Fun time was had by all! Also, the bartender was extra cute and friendly:) I love margaritas, so I was excited to try the blood orange margarita and the pickled watermelon margarita. Both were excellent! I tried the classic margarita and that was also yummy!. Next I tried the mahi mahi tacos. One word: AMAZING! The sauce and the cabbage were just right alongside the fresh battered mahi mahi. It was the absolute best taco I have ever had aside from El Vez. This will def be my new go-to spot. So in addition to my uber yummy margarita and my amazing tacos, the bill was beyond reasonable!!! I was so surprised that I didn't have to pay an arm and a leg. It is without reservation that I wholeheartedly recommend Sanch Pistola! Great place! I'll be back:)
I stopped in here last night for the first time and was a bit surprised. I thought the decor would be a little more interesting, but it was okay. Not knowing if we were supposed to wait to be seated, we asked the bartender. His answer was a little sassy, which was also the attitude of our server. However, the service was fine and everything came in a timely manner. I really wanted a cocktail, but the price wasn't marked on the wall. Upon asking the server, I found out that they were all $10, which is pretty steep for a margarita, and we all settled on Tecates instead. 

We split an order of nachos with soy chorizo and it was very good. The portion was large and there were a lot of good things going on. However, I still don't think it was worth $13. We wanted the guacamole, but that was also $12. I don't think I have ever paid $12 for guacamole and especially not at a bar...

This place isn't bad by any means and I would definitely eat those nachos again. However, it isn't anything super special and the prices are more like a place that is much nicer. There are enough Mexican places with more kitsch in the area that have even better nachos at a lower price point.
I live down the street from this place, and I'm mad that I'm just now trying it before I move away from Philly. Because of Covid, it's outside dining only but you can walk in to place an order. But it seem like they don't have their usual Happy Hour specials (normally M-F 4 to 6 PM). 

I had the chicken burrito for $12 which comes with a side of green sauce. It was a generous portion and flavorful. Probably one of the better Mexican food that I've tried in Fishtown area (yes including Loco Pez). I had a sample of the spicy frozen mango margarita and it was delicious! Definitely order that. 

TIPS during COVID: outdoor seating. Can walk inside (with a mask) to place an order. Can order cocktails to go.
Decide to venture out to Fishtown for a Mexican lunch w/ the always incredible Allagash beers. It was Philly Beer Week and Sancho's opened early for the occasion
Nice place, open and airy. The music was a bit loud for 1:30 in the afternoon, but it was Beer Week so people (at least our crew) were partying. Sat at the bar and the service was good.

The guacamole was exceptional and definitely one of the best I've had. Extremely fresh,chunky and well seasoned.House made tortilla chips- ditto.My chicken tinga tacos were very good. Not as exciting or gourmet sounding as some of the other offerings(they seem to have a Mexi- Japanese thing going on here) they were enjoyable. Only one fell apart. The wings (offered regular or smoked) were a let down. We got the smoked and they did not taste any different than a regular wing(our server said they both are fried). Average at best. My mate's pork belly tacos looked good and he loved them.
Impressive rotating draft list, solid margaritas, amazing guac (get the spicy tuna) & tacos (pork belly banh mi??! Yes, please!!) Attentive & friendly waitstaff. A Fishtown fave, be sure to check this place out for happy hour, or any other hour.
This is a comfortable enough place, with friendly bartenders and wait staff, but it's pricey and I honestly don't think the food is good enough to warrant the prices. The first time I went, we had drinks and guacamole. The guac was admittedly very good, but it had better be for $14. On our second visit, we had hot wings, the Korean bbq rib tacos, and some sort of fish taco (red snapper, maybe?). The food was fine, but nothing special. Our tab came to $80, for four margaritas, a small order of wings, and four decent-sized tacos that were palatable enough, but simply weren't all that exciting. The tacos at Loco Pez a few blocks away are much tastier and much less expensive. I might stop back in for a drink at some point (as they have a variety of interesting tequila and mezcal cocktails), but I doubt I'll ever eat here again.
HORRIBLE SERVICE! Don't waste your money! There are too many Mexican restaurants in Philly to tolerate this service. On two occasions the staff was rude, unprofessional and just down right disgusting. The first time I walked in to pick up my order and no one greeted me. They actually ignored me and avoided eye contact for several minutes until I said something. One of the girls behind the bar stopped and very rudely and sarcastically "hi, what do you want?"

The second time I went, they messed up my order after me calling twice to confirm. When I got my food home and noticed it was wrong, I called to see if they could accommodate me in any way. Someone named Ryan ended up HANGING UP ON ME! Yes, he literally hung up on me mid-sentence. I drove to the restaurant and asked for the manager. As I was telling him about the two incidents, both the employees involved tried to interject and argue with me.

The manager kept his composer and refund my money. He was nice but it's a shame his staff has absolutely no respect for him or the customers. Given the fact that restaurants these days are struggling to stay open, I don't expect this place to be open much longer.
I never leave reviews but this was just so infuriating I feel the need to do so.  I would normally just talk to someone there instead of  affecting a rating but that didn't seem to be an option so am left with this as a way to communicate with management.  
Their phone doesn't work when you try to order pick up. Has happened to me every time I've tried.  I walked over to just order in person.  The host couldn't take my order. The bartender just ignored me and then when he finally attended to me he was extremely rude.  I was actually shocked by how rude he was.  The hostess had asked me to inform the bartender of the phone issue so I was doing that which seemed to annoy him and he cut me off and asked if I was ready to order.  Which I was - because I tried to call the order in and then also waited there while he flat out ignored me without even a nod.  So I replied - irked- that of course I was ready as I've been standing there waiting.  I was just so taken aback by this that I felt compelled to ask why he was being so rude which was only met with more rudeness.   If I wasn't 8 months pregnant I would have walked out but going to a different place was just not something I could do at that point.  I myself am a front line worker so I get the challenges but there's never an excuse for this behavior.  I hope management addresses this if they want people to keep returning to their establishment.
If this were a Pistola-off of Jose versus Sancho ... definitely Jose. But let's say it's not! Standing on its own Sancho delivers your fusion mexican-ish cuisine in its tasty way, great margaritas or cocktails as you choose, solid beer choices, and I have no complaints, really! The layout of the restaurant (from my perspective) was one large room. I pretty much always get the brussel sprout tacos at a Pistola's so that's my recommendation (note: honey, if you're vegan and care about that). I won't go out of my way to go here, but it's convenient before a show at Johnny Brenda's, for example.
The overly-chill waiter sold me on some lamb tacos, pork bao, and queso dip. Oh and some pickled watermelon margarita. 

I think the 'oh by the way this is dope, also' sales technique got me. I''m a sucker.

But all of it was good. So, sucker or not, 'twas a nice meal.
Wow this place is officially my favorite spot for Mexican food. The atmosphere here is great with very friendly staff. The mahi mahi tacos are my personal favorite. Each order comes with 2 big soft tacos which was very filling for me. I also ordered corn on the cob(so bomb) and churros. Everything was delicious! The strawberry margarita is strong but tasted amazing. Don't sleep on this place! Can't wait to come back soon
I was here the other night for a few beers and some food. There was a decent selection of beers even though they didn't have my favorite, corona. I am a huge fan of tacos and they had a excellent variety of land or sea type. I really wanted to try the lobster taco but they had a Korean BBQ style taco that I could not pass up. I am a sucker for Korean BBQ. It turned out amazing! It was also during happy hour so the price was half off. Highly recommend.
I've been here twice and both times, the food is was great! If you are craving tacos, this is a place to go. Its a casual bar with a few outside seating. This place definitely has some good vibes - the atmosphere, music, and crowd - thumbs up. Our server was also super friendly! Try a spicy margarita here!!! YUMMM!!!
Every time I eat here I leave wondering when the heck this place is going to get it together. The service isn't just poor, it's consistently inept. The waiters/bartenders seem genuinely taken aback when I've asked for things they should have offered to begin with (think hot sauce. Think refill. Think utensils.) I was once left stranded outside by waitstaff for so long that members of my party began crafting a scathing yelp review right then and there. I decided to actually post a review after a recent visit when I was one of six other people at the bar and still had to make an effort to get one of the two bartenders to refill my drink. 
Food is decent and prices are OK, but I'd go a lot more often if the service was better, the music wasn't so loudly intrusive and the TVs weren't so in your face.
Fav place to eat in Philly. They don't take reservations but I've come in with groups of 8-10 and they'll still seat you p fast. There's a bar so you can always hang there and grab drinks as you wait. They have a vegan option (soy chorizo) and it's bomb. Spicy mango marg is 10/10. Love it.
Been here twice so far and both times were very enjoyable. Wings are really good, and pretty standard burger too. There drink menu is awesome! The smoked piña is an amazing drink! Way different then anything I've ever tried. Happy hour is pretty sweet too, $15 margarita pitchers. Score!
I could eat here every day for the rest of my life and never get tired of it. Spicy Mango...omg. I never drink margaritas because they're usually too sweet and artificially flavored, and it's rare to find a good spicy margarita that doesn't taste last night's salsa that didn't sit well and made a reappearance (TMI?). But the spicy mango is so perfect...lightly sweetened, spiced rimmed glass...perfect amount of spice. So refreshing! The Carnitas steamed buns are to die for, melt in your mouth. And can never go wrong with chips and guac. The oysters are also delish and I'm already looking forward to continuing my Woman vs Food to see how many tacos I can eat at once. And a plus, servers and bartenders are friendly. Big fan!
After attempting and failing to get one-two of the forty dough balls at Pizzeria Beddia, my boyfriend and I stumbled into here. Now I was both hungry and kind of pissed we came from the heart of Center City and got no pizza. So maybe my appetite was oversized. And just maybe I was a little aggravated when I walked in. 

We got seated quickly by a hostess who had no clue what she was doing. Even after telling her there was two of us, she tried to seat us with a couple who walked in after us. The music is really loud for a restaurant and on top of the music is all the people screaming to successfully have a conversation. I did appreciate the various types of tacos that they serve and that they weren't just Mexican themed. Me being hungry, I ordered both the spicy pork and the pork belly bahn mi. 

The spicy pork taco was super flavorful, but the taco shell disintegrated as soon as I went to pick it up. There was so much liquid coming off of it that the taco shell had lost its structure. The bahn mi taco was disappointing. There wasn't much filling- a slab of pork belly (which was actually cooked great), some matchstick carrots and a few sliced of pickled cucumber. After going through two entrees I still wasn't really full. I ended up going home and eating. 

The food here tasted good. Yet it seemed to be more of a place to get a drink, take your time, order appetizers, than entrees. While the food did come out fast, and the service was fast, I would not recommend it for someone looking to eat something good quickly.
My favorite mexican spot in the city.  Try the Oyster Po Boy tacos.... Staff is always very nice. Even told us when they thought we may have ordered to much food for two people. Highly Suggest it!!
Let me start off by saying I didn't want to like this bar. I'm not sure why, but at first I just assumed I would hate it and never be able to afford it. I'm proud to call myself a regular here now. 
If I'm broke and feeling down I know I can come here and get a $3 beer and have a great conversation with all of the staff. Sure, the food is great and so are the drinks, but it is each and every one of the people that work there that have created such a loyal customer out of me. The best part about the staff is that they take care of their loyal customers. 
I started bringing everyone I know here and in turn the staff takes care of us. Maybe its a free beer or a hug, but they make you feel good about spending your money there. I even recently took my mother there for dinner and the kitchen sent us out an appetizer and dessert. She can't wait to take her friends back now. 
Any restaurant can make great food, but it takes an amazing staff to create loyal customers. Thank you Billy, Wolfe, Tasha, sarah , jose , Layton, Richard, gavin and everyone else there whose names I've only left out because this review has gotten too long!
So in short good cocktails good food. Also a nice draft selection. 

I had the scallop tacos and oh wow! Such amazing flavored with the roasted cauliflower and Harissa it was delicious. Sat at the bar and the service was good.
Best tacos ever! I'd recommend Sancho's to anyone looking for great food and service, not to mention the excellent tunes.
Trendy is as trendy does. Completely enjoyed our food (guacamole and chips- Mexican crispy style, tacos and enchiladas) and on that alone I would give it a solid 4 stars. However, a few things brought this rating down for me.

1. Pricey. I know, it's the town of fish but 85 bucks for 3 drinks and 3 plates? 
2. The margarita was super clutch, the other drinks not so much. One tasted like straight up gasoline. 

Bottom line for me, 5 years ago this would have been a nice spot to pregame and eat before hitting up the town. Now, the appeal just isn't there.
