Sang Kee is pretty solid every time we have visited over the last 25 plus years. It's one of our favorite BYO options for big family dinners in the heart of Chinatown. 

There's actually a few menus with a wide variety of Hong Kong and Szechuan style cuisine options. There's absolutely something here for everyone and for every craving, even for fellow veg heads. 

While we have never been disappointed with any selection really, our  family does tend to favor what they're really known for and that's their Peking duck and famous noodle soups which come in about a dozen different varieties. Their huge bowls of soups, often served for two are now available in veggie broth instead of chicken for an extra $1 a bowl. 

The food comes out quick. Like remarkably fast. 

They serve complimentary green tea and coconut ice cream after your meal. 

The decor and ambience definitely leaves something to be desired, but it's not really why we come here. 

There are two floors of seating and in recent visits we have never had to wait. 

We take out their soups often in colder months and this is a go to spot with the kiddos before a visit to Franklin Square not too far away. 

I find parking here to be a little less dreadful than normal Chinatown parking. We usually find spots right out front on 9th and there is a parking lot across the way for a last resort option. 

I haven't visited any other locations but I hear from family that they pale in comparison. This is one of those cases where the original should not be duplicated.
The. Best. Duck. Given, I'm no duck expert, but I do know that I've paid twice the amount in other places and didn't enjoy it half as much as I do the peking duck dinner for two from Sang Kee. The $43 feast comes with wonton vegetable soup, peking duck with pancakes & sauce, shredded duck meat with string beans in XO sauce and house special fried rice (shrimp & pork). It's enough food for 3, so if you're a deuce, prepare to bring some home. The duck is incredibly crispy, fatty and moist. It makes you wonder why you don't eat duck on the regular (unless you do, Playa). Other items ordered: duck/pork soup dumplings and Korean bbq short ribs. Both... very good! The service is what it is; not the most english, not the friendliest bunch and things simply arrive when they arrive. But, it doesn't take away from the meal. Not once have I walked away talking about anything but that duck. Should you find yourself in Chinatown, do it. 

Note: not BYOB
Dear Sang Kee,

I've been patronizing your main and satellite locations for over 20 years. Please stop conducting reverse racism against your fellow Asian man. If you continue to do so, please at least start accepting credit cards. I'm sure the IRS will appreciate that. 

Mr Lee Ho
Came here last night with a couple buddies and it was worth the hellish crowd and long wait for a table.  They let me use my best judgement and I ordered a BBQ pork and roast duck rice platter, fried pea shoots, Shanghai xiaolongbao, and the braised beef and wonton noodle soup.

Naturally we chowed down like fattehs on the food -- I wasn't a huge fan of the roast duck as I felt it was too much bone and not enough meat, but the BBQ pork was amazing.  The rice underneath soaked up all the juices from the meat and oh man, was it heaven to eat.  Fried pea shoots were perfectly tender with large cloves of garlic.  Braised beef noodles were a huge win, super flavourful and savoury, probably the best I've had in the city.  Biggest disappointment were the xiaolongbao, as they were too doughy and bone dry on the inside.

For $40 we left waddling like plump ducks and will be hella grateful to go back for more.
Sang Kee Peking Duck House is a old school Chinatown favorite spot
 Located at the end of Chinatown near the wall, it's a very popular and busy restaurant. I go there often, mostly for take out and it's always crowded and busy.
My favorites are: roast pork (make sure you ask for the duck juice to accompany it), the duck rolls (tortilla like bread with roast duck, scallions and hoisen sauce) duck noodle soup with scallions and ginger, nearly every noodle dish and of course the Peking duck which is displayed proudly in the window.
Service is fast and everything you need to add on like sauces, chopsticks and utensils are on display. Prices are reasonable and they'll get you on your way in a hurry.
I have a confession... I've never had a "true" Peking duck experience prior to Sang Kee -- partly due to the greasy nature of the bird. Thankfully, Sang Kee sent me off satisfied and stuffed. 

Rolling in at 5pm on a weekday, I was surprised by the wait time -- nearly half an hour. The $30+ price tag for a Peking duck dinner for two isn't a hefty one after seeing the courses and soup. True, a few more steamed buns would have been appreciated, but the portions were large enough to feed a party of four if you ask me. The wonton soup was an excellent start to the meal and it certainly did not disappoint. Chock full of shrimp and pork, it is easily one of the best renditions of the soup I've had to date. 

The second course was my favorite course as it consisted of the bird itself, carved and with a generous side of hoisin sauce that I easily took advantage of. The third was undoubtedly my least favorite: green beans stir fried with the rest of the bird in XO sauce. The last course -- the house special fried rice -- also proved to be slightly disappointing since it was just as greasy as the third course.

Had one of my dining companions not have ordered the roast pork over rice, I would have given Sang Kee a 3-star rating. But since he did, Sang Kee has been upped to a four. Glistening with the honey glaze and juicy in texture, this was a winner in my book.

A good, memorable Peking duck experience, but I doubt I'll be craving one of these birds anytime soon.
Not sure what all the fuss is about....

In my experience, the service, the wait even with a reservation and food wasn't that great. My sister was saying there was a lot of hype around this restaurant and it was supposedly the place to go. She made a reservation for our party of 7 to go and from what we have read on Yelp, they were BYOB which is always a plus, but when we asked for assistance to uncork the bottles for us- they literally charged us $16 bucks just to take the bottles back place them in a bucket (no ice in it) and to use their cork screw to open the two bottle we had!

 Like WTF! We had no idea of this fee and if we had, we wouldn't have brought bottles with us that needed to be uncorked. $16 just to uncork the bottles- that's insanely expensive. 

When it came to the table, our table was dirty and they sat us at one that kept leaning from one side to the other, like it was off balance. Like you cant do much about the table being lop sided but maybe move us to another table when we expressed to you that the table kept slanting, and clean the table before you sit a party down at the table. The interior of the upstairs was dark and dirty as well and the decor wasn't up to date. When we were in there it just gave you a dirty feel sitting in there. 

When it came to the food, I honestly didn't see anything that really popped out on me that made this place any different than any other Chinese restaurant. I'm not a duck eater, so maybe that's what the restaurant is known for and just got a regular Chinese entree and it was just okay- nothing spectacular. My dad ordered the duck and was complaining it was too salty. My daughter who loves Chinese food and rice, barely touched her meal. 

Because of this experience, I haven't gone back and don't see myself returning.
WOW!
I haven't had Peking Duck this good... ever. Tender, juicy, perfectly fried fatty skin are all of the elements you need to make a great Peking Duck. Sang Kee knows what they are doing. 

We ordered a TON of food, I felt like it was never ending. The spring rolls with accompanying hot mustard and duck sauce were fantastic, the green beans were just as good, and the Chinese broccoli.. ugh, I could eat that all day. I wasn't too impressed with the dumplings, they lacked flavor and soy, and the shanghai spicy buns were not spicy. But, the price point for food and alcohol was worthwhile and I will definitely be returning whenever I feel the urge to eat Donald Duck.
I've been to this Sang Kee since I was a kid and a few things have changed. They remodeled at least twice and the menu has expanded. My usuals, however, haven't changed much. You can't go wrong with a good BBQ Pork and Wonton noodle soup or Soy Sauce Chicken with rice and vegetables. 

Cash only, there's an ATM in the front of the restaurant.
This is one of my favorite places in Chinatown.

This restaurant is larger than it appears. A few years ago they expanded the interior, adding much-needed space. Not only do they have tables downstairs, but upstairs, including a dining room for a decent-sized banquet (~60 people). You might have to wait for a table, but it's worth it.

I've shared many dishes here, including their house special fried rice ($8). The rice is covered in sauce, like a stew. If you like rice like that, go for it. The golden shrimp with honey-coated walnut ($11) is a treat. (Can't get enough sweets? Go for the green tea ice cream - it's sweet, literally and figuratively.) The seafood triple delight ($10) has tender shrimp, scallops, and squid and is quite tasty.

Get their famous Peking duck! Half a duck will run you $19.50. Served in two courses, the first comes with the typical pancakes, scallion, and sauce (wrap them yourselves, that's half the fun) while in the second course, the remaining duck is brought out in a plate. The meat marinade and accompanying sauce create a pastiche of exotic flavor you can't miss.
Sang Kee is definitely the place to go for Peking Duck. I have been here a few times, starting with my first interviews in Philly because I love duck and they're so popular, for good reason. Just realized recently that they have a second floor, lol.

I frequently get the peking duck with bao and pancakes. Their hoisin sauce goes well with it too. The house special soup for 2 is delicious; it has everything in it - wonton, shrimp, mushrooms, vegetables.
A group of five of us went out for a night on the town in Chinatown and ended up at Sang Kee for a late dinner (originally we were supposed to go to Vietnam Palace, but it closed at 10 pm).  

Here are the facts:
- The portions are rather large.  (My cousin had  enough chicken fried rice to feed a family of four.)

- The food is ridiculously cheap but absolutely delicious.  (The bill was $62 for five of us with no alcohol.  Not too shabby!)

- I am in love with what I got - the beef brisket noodle soup.  It was tasty, filling, and delicious.  It was everything I ever wanted from a bowl of noodle soup on a cold Friday night.  

- There are no frills with this restaurant.  The food speaks for itself.

- After ten minutes of waiting for a waitress, we had to flag someone down although we had servers passing us several times in those ten minutes.  I don't really get it, but okay.

The short of it:  if you're looking for some good, cheap, food in Chinatown, go to Sang Kee!
DUCK!!! 

This place is one of my favorite places to eat at Chinatown and am starting to crave it at least once a week. Dangerously good! 

Pros: 
-AMAZING DUCK. Can't stress this enough. 
-Free tea
-Fast and friendly service
-great prices
-AMAZING CONGEE (rice porridge). The congee here is so good, that I had a Ratatouille moment and remembered my freaking childhood and almost teared up for my mother and her version of rice porridge! 
-we always get the congee, the whole duck, the water crest veggies, eggplant, and some dumpling. 


Cons: 
-it got busy one morning and the service forgot to bring an additional amount of a food item but it's okay. We kinda didn't keep up with that.
On Sunday, Chad and I went here for a duck feast with one of our favorite couples. We ordered the duck dinner for four and were not disappointed.

The shining stars were the wonton soup, string beans and the peking duck wraps. The duck was soooo delicious- flavorful, fatty and tender. Along with Tinto's Montadito de Pato, this is one of my all-time favorite duck dishes. Neither of the dishes labeled as spicy had any heat, but there is sriracha on the table. 

The table and serving ware were not the best quality, but it wasn't too distracting. The service was quick, even though the servers seemed almost overwhelmed by the dinner crowd.

Over all, this meal beat the shit out of restaurant week in terms of value. We even had leftovers to take home. I can't wait to go back and try the duck noodle soup.
Sang Kee is one of my favorite places to eat in Philly Chinatown. It is known for its Peking style roasted duck and roasted pork (char siu). The portions are large, cheap, and consistent in quality. 

Roasted Duck & Roasted Pork on Rice with Green Vegetables
Roast duck and pork are must-haves at Sang Kee; this isn't something you can make at home. The roasted duck and pork over rice dish will give you a taste of both. This dish has enough variety to eat it as an entree by yourself but the portion is also large enough to family style it with other dishes with one or two other people. 

Roasted Pork & Roasted Duck Noodle Soup
If you are more of a noodle person, you can still enjoy Sang Kee's signature roasted pork and duck in the form of noodle soup. The soup is hearty and well-seasoned, and uses thin egg noodles. The portion is huge. Again, this is something you can't make at home so I recommend getting either the rice or noodle version of this dish.

Seafood Fish Maw Soup
Fish maw is the air bladder that allows fish to float. Besides that, all I know is it is delicious for making seafood soup (there is some shellfish in the soup as well). Don't be put off by the fact that it is fish insides; it is one of the more neutral-tasting organs. The soup is thick and flavorful by itself but you can also add a few drops of vinegar to it if you like. 

Sizzling Tofu in Szechwan Chili Sauce with Minced Pork
This dish is served on a hotplate. In addition to the roasted duck and pork, I would consider this another signature dish. This is so good you can just see the MSG oozing out of the picture. Highly recommended.

Eggplant in Garlic Sauce
I love eggplant. If I see eggplant in garlic sauce on a menu at a Chinese restaurant, I have to get it. This version does not disappoint.
Is it the best Peking Duck you'll ever have???.... Nope. However, it's pretty good (I think the skin is not as crispy as the Peking Duck House in NYC Chinatown).  There's no reservation, first come, first serve. So for a large party of 12... we had to make sure we get there early. 

Service was friendly, but not as attentive as we would have liked... once we placed our order, took a while to get water or drink refill, beer refill... 

Food wise, got 2 Peking ducks; ordered a bunch of eats to try; clams, eggplant claypot, salted squid, salt & pepper pork chops, veggies... pan fried flounder was good; the standout was this sautéed string beans with crushed olives... interesting taste.  

Overall a good choice for dinner but for large parties... might need to eat around early bird time. 

#yelplife
#phillyeats
#pekingduck
*** NO delivery *** although their site promotes it!  Luckily we were close so definitely get a cab and get yourself to this place.  Sang Kee Peking Duck House, known for the Duck... hence the name.  Place is filled with people coming in and out.  We ordered 1/4 duck, xialongbao's and wonton noodle soup, all for less than $25!!!  Food is well made, although xialongbao's could have a bit more soup inside.  Place is visited by locals and tourists!

This is a must try if you are in Philly!
I made a stop here for an early dinner with my boyfriend on a Monday. As soon as we walked in, I was very content with the atmosphere. The restaurant is very clean and well maintained. We were promptly seated at a table downstairs and immediately brought out the menus. 

We were pretty hungry so it didn't take us long to decide on what to order. We decided on the Crispy Dynasty Roll (special) and Steamed Soup Dumplings for appetizers and the Roasted Pork and Duck on Rice for our entree to share. 

I overall liked both of the appetizers. The Dynasty Roll came 2 to an order making it perfect for us to share. They were stuffed with pork, chicken, and mushrooms which was a great and flavorful combination. The roll was piping hot and perfectly fried. The dumplings were also served piping hot. They were juicy, but a little lacking in overall taste. You can definitely find better soup dumplings in Philly. 

We decided on the Roasted Pork and Duck for our entree solely due to one reason - it seems to be one their most popular dishes (according to Yelp and we noticed other customers around us ordering the same thing). The pork and duck was fresh and well cooked, but sadly just not for me. In my opinion, it was pretty boring and tasteless. The rice it came with had a sweet taste to it which was unexpected but good. It saved the dish for me since I wasn't a huge fan of the meats, especially the bone-in pork. 

Staff was VERY friendly and attentive, and service was fast. Our waiter made sure to check in on us periodically to make sure we had everything we needed and were content. He had also warned us that the soup dumplings would take up to 20 minutes to prepare which we greatly appreciated knowing before hand. 

At the end of our meal, we were brought two scoops of ice cream on the house (coconut and berry). YES to the coconut! It had actual coconut shavings in it which I really liked!

Although I was happy with service, prices, and the atmosphere, I don't see myself returning here simply because the food is just not for me.  If you are a fan of duck, I suggest giving it a try when you're in Chinatown because you really can't beat their impeccable service and prices!
Sang Kee and Shiao Lan Kung are the only two places I've ever had recommended to me with confidence by a girl with two culinary degrees (who also lived in China for a year).  I'm glad to report that I'm still friends with this girl!

I'm so glad to find another super yummy place to eat in Chinatown! 

At first, the place gives off the air of a cafeteria.  The decorations are sparse, but the food makes up for it. The place seems tiny,  but there's an upstairs with plenty of tables (and the obligatory television).  The food is very reasonably priced for the amount of food you receive. 

The food was delicious.  They are best known for their noodle dishes, so I ordered the roasted duck wonton noodle soup. These were seriously the best wontons I've ever had.  They were light and had wonderful flavor.  And at only $6, the soup is the perfect amount for three people to share.  Also, the soup is the perfect timing device, so you don't feel like you're waiting a long time for your food... I didn't notice any wait, at all. 

I probably wouldn't bother to order their pan fried noodles, again.  They weren't as fried as I would have liked, and the veggies seemed a little over-done.  But I might kill to have  their duck with garlic plum sauce, again (ok, maybe not kill, but I might heavily maim).  But, remember,  Yelpers, unless otherwise stated, duck contains lots of little bones!  Always have, always will. It's just something you have to deal with to eat something so delicious.

The servers were attentive.  The food came out in a timely manner.  Our server warned us that the bean curd skin roll would take 15 minutes, but it didn't take nearly that long.   But even if it had, he warned us...

Downside: It's cash only! So, if you roll like my friends and I do, and order waaaaaaay more than you can eat, don't forget to stop at the ATM first!
I want to start by preferencing that I'm obsessed with noodles. (If you've read my reviews, it's fairly obvious.) and this bowl of noodle soup is probably one of my top favorites of all time. 

I'm referring to the duck wonton noodle soup.

Everything about this noodle soup is exceptionally prepared and delicious.  The egg noodles were cooked perfectly texture-wise and were paired with plump wontons bursting with shrimps.  

The roast duck meat wasn't plenty, however what is there is always quite moist, tender, and succulent. 

Cheap and fast also, I may add.

If you have not been to Sang Kee yet, I highly recommend you check this place out ASAP.
I've been going to Sang Kee since I was a kid for roasted duck and roasted pork. So maybe I love it so much because of the emotional attachement. Maybe....but I'm pretty sure the fact that the food is really good and super fast doesn't hurt either. 

This place is usually PACKED. So expect a wait. But that's a testament to how good it is. From their roasted pork and famous duck, to their beef chow fun (the best in the city) to their AMAZING shrimp dumplings, I have more favorites at this place than I have fingers. Their spicy lobster is good too and a steal for $20/1.5lbs. Lobster aside, you can easily feed two people with an appetizer and entree each for about $35 total. 

Everything I'd had, I've liked. The food comes out in minutes. It's pretty consistent. The portions could easily feed two people. And for quick take-out or a casual dinner, that's all you can ask for. We eat here at least once every two week, and it hasn't gotten old yet. And I love that you get ice cream and fortune cookies at the end of each meal. 

We ordered delivery through GrubHub once and the prices are hiked up and it's a $6 delivery charge, but they got our food to us in under 20 min.....we live a 7-12 minute drive away. Impressive.

Only complaint: wait service is usually slow but I'll let that slide as they're always busy.
This is one of my top 3 places to eat. The service is fast, the food is good and best of all. . .it's downright cheap. You could eat at your local Chinese corner store with condoms and blunts behind the bullet proof glass and pay the same as you would for fresh, good food at Sang Kee. I always leave feeling like I got a good deal, which is one of, if not the most important factors for me in judging a restaurant. 

My favorite things they have are the spicy stringbean/mussels dish and the shredded pork with mushrooms and thin noodles.

The only downside to this place is that they only take cash. So what.
If you're a Vegetarian, Vegan or anything marked with a V, then you have entered what hell will look like to you if you done wrong in your lifetime. As you approach the establishment you are greeted by not only smiling friendly Asian-folk but dead roast pork and duck hanging in a show-cased window. This is Sang Kee! And if you like meat, this is your heaven! Now what has been the famed tasty choice for most regulars here is their soup. Their roast pork wonton noodle soup! That alone is a meal in itself. It's a bowl bigger than your head containing more pork that would make any Jew squeal 

"THAT'S NOT KOSHER!!!!!"

But delicious? YES! 

There are even some veggie dishes that won't make your BFor GF who apparently follows those strict diets so you won't make them completely sick even though they have to watch you eat your duck in sweet sauce with pork dumplings. Bon Appetit!
I've been going to Sang Kee for almost 15 years now, it's been around for a hell of a long time.  From my early days as a picky eater who rarely ventured outside the realm of beef and broccoli when it came to Chinese food, I had never fully trusted Chinese food, but Sang Kee had always been an acceptable place to go.  When I was 9 years old, I got very, very sick off some sweet n sour chicken, barfed my brains out, and suffered a pretty severe taste aversion to anything Chinese for the next 8 or 9 years.  It wasn't until I was in college, where I ate just about anything you put in front of me, and my eventual time studying in China that my taste aversion was eventually defeated.

The long-winded intro to this review is there so you know just who it is whose words you're reading, trying to decide if you want to go (or go back) to Sang Kee.  I've been on the roller coaster with Chinese Food, tried the American stuff, and vetted that with the real Chinese stuff (from all over China, from the Yangtze region to Xian, north to Beijing/Peking).  I have a pretty good handle on Chinese food, and Sang Kee, as far as American Chinese food goes, is good stuff.

FIRST IMPRESSIONS:  
The claustrophobic entrance/waiting/takeout area may be slightly misleading, but you will eventually notice that the dining areas are relatively clean and comfortable.  The decor is nothing special, but it certainly doesn't take away from the experience.

THE SERVICE:
Every time the owner comes around, as is Chinese tradition (as traditional as an ignorant whitey like me can get), I praise him for having the best Chinese restaurant in Philly.  The service is as friendly as can be for folks who aren't as well-versed in English as we might hope-- expect to repeat yourself, clarify, etc., but don't let this affect your opinion of the restuarant (not yet!)  At least it's fast and relatively responsive.

THE FOOD:
One of the biggest stars on Sang Kee's menu is their wonton soup-- I am no longer crazy over it, it's one of the few remnants of my taste aversion, but I used to go ape-shit over their wonton soup as a kid, and everyone else I know loves it.  Their menu is very comprehensive, lots to choose from and more often than not, it will be delicious.  I am a huge fan of their Peking duck wraps, they are like little oriental fajitas of deliciousness.  For those who like to play it safe-- their General Tso's is fantastic (protip: save some, heat it up in the microwave the next day, for some reason, I prefer this dish as a leftover!).  Other wilder dishes are on the menu in full force as well, but for the most part, you'll see the typical American Chinese offerings.  Sometimes it's a little greasy, but not to the point of not being enjoyable.

THE BOTTOM LINE:
I give Sang Kee 4 of 5, their food is superb (it's been good enough to keep my family and myself, despite my one bad experience as a little tyke, coming back for years).  There is a little left to be desired in terms of their service, some dishes, and the decor, none are significant enough to warrant a star on their own, but together, they do.  The bottom line of the bottom line here is that Sang Kee is a keystone in Philly's Chinatown restaurants, definitely worth checking out!
They serve some really awesome quality duck (probably cuz it's sweeter than most places). I highly recommend their noodle dishes as it's their trademark (I usually order the roast pork, roast duck wonton noodle soup).
This place is fantastic and a must go to for Peking dunk.  The wontons are also delicious and flavorful.  I always get the egg noodles with wonton and peking duck with pork.  I also will add the side of veggies.  Basically the works.  The establishment has two floors and the service was very good.  I would say this is about the fourth time I've dined here and it's always been on par and I've always left feeling satisfied abouted eating here.

On the downside of things.... the parking can be an issue.  I'd advise not parking in the parking lot across the street.  After dining for a little over an hour, they tried to charge me $40, then I said "what???" twice and he said $20.  I really thought it was much less than that but I paid it and left.  The parking lot has nothing to do with the establishment but I'm I would advise not to park there since they seem really shady.  Most likely the attendant was trying to pocket extra cash but who knows.

Despite the parking situation, I'm still looking forward to coming back to dine here and hopefully finding street parking.  I definitely would recommend dining here, especially if you like Peking duck.
This is a classic Chinese Peking Duck restaurant. This is definitely one of my go to's when I am in Philly Chinatown. 
Their service is very fast (Less than 10 minutes usually) and everything I tried so far, has been delicious. Definitely order their Peking duck. Other than that, these dishes are also delicious: Boiled Flounder in Szechuan Hot Sauce, Mapo Tofu, lo mien, fried rice, and beef and eggplant in garlic sauce. 
The restaurant is busy and the waiters/waitress are always moving around. Some are not the best at speaking english, but they all manage. 
Parking is usually the worst part about coming to Chinatown, but it is worth the visit.
If you can find better Peking duck in Philadelphia then please let me know. The Peking Duck Dinner for Two is amazing and comes out in 4 courses:

1. Pork & shrimp wonton soup with fresh baby corn, carrots and bok choy
2. Sliced Peking duck with the crispiest skin and juiciest meat I've ever had, with slightly thicker pancakes than I'm accustomed to (a good thing), some sliced scallions for added crunch and plenty of hoisin sauce
3. Remaining duck meat is sliced and mixed with green peppers, scallions and green beans in a spicy garlic sauce
4. Pork and shrimp fried rice that is so light and not greasy, that you and your friend/date will devour the entire mountain they give you

I've really never had anything else off the menu because I come specifically for the duck. This past weekend my friend convinced me to try the coconut shrimp which comes with this awesome mango yogurt dipping sauce.

If you're looking for duck, look no further. You might be able to find better traditional chinese entrees elsewhere in Chinatown though.
Was in the city for a concert and looking for a place to grab a quick bite before dying from starvation in the middle of the concert and also for some additional boost of energy after a tiring car ride, and all I have to say is that it was disappointing how me and my friends couldn't stay too long to fully enjoy our meal here.
Regardless of the little time we had, the food here was definitely delicious and reasonably priced which explains why this place is so popular in China Town. Definitely a recommended place and I will definitely be returning here with more time to actually enjoy a nice full out meal!
I've been going here since I was a little kid and Sang Kee was a take out only place so I give it 5 stars because it's near and dear to my heart.

 Clearly this place is not about the decor or the service (is anyplace in Chinatown about that?) For me it's about a number of amazing and consistent comfort foods and few surprisingly good american chinese dishes on the menu.

The plain wonton soup is spectacular and is likely to ruin wonton soup at most other chinese restaurants for you if you haven't had it here before.  The plain shrimp dumpling soup is great too for a slight change.  If you're going to get wonton noodle, I'd recommend getting it with duck or pork or both as well as the noodles do tend to make the broth a little more bland.

Even though it has Peking Duck in the name, go for the roast duck hong kong style, if you're ok with dealing with the bones.  It's really the best.

And the honey-coated roast pork (char sui)  is a must.  Particularly since it's covered in the same sauce the roast duck is served in, made during the duck roasting process.  Mmmm, fatty goodness.

If you need some greens to cut the protein, go for the sauteed snow pea leaves, which are nice and sweet (and good for you!)

On the american chinese side of things, I really like getting the vegetarian dumplings fried for a light crispy appetizer.  

Any of the pan fried noodle dishes are always pretty solid and the general tso's chicken is probably slightly different from anywhere else you've tried so give it a shot and let me know what you think.  

We pretty much almost always get the above dishes when we're going with a group and if it's a large group, we just start throwing on more dishes like shrimp in black pepper sauce that comes out sizzling hot, and the lobster in ginger and scallion.
We came for dinner and ordered the following:
1.  five spice tofu with chives and pickled vegetables - delish!
2.  seafood tofu hot pot - solid but a bit salty
3.  shrimp stuffed eggplant - tried and true Sang Kee standard
4.  braised short ribs - tender, juicy, and very flavorful.  They came accompanied with steamed bok choy
5.  stir fried shanghai noodles - flavorful and solid
6.  stir fried chow fun - the noodles are very wide but the dish was well prepared with plenty of shredded pork
7.  scallops with broccoli in a white wine garlic sauce - solid although the scallops are on the small side.

Overall, still a great option but service can vary depending on the waiter.  Our initial server definitely had an attitude but the bus boys were very sweet.  4 stars for the food but minus 1 for our waiter.
Great food here in Philadelphia.  We visited on a recommendation from a friend who went to Temple.  Apparently these folks are know for their won tons but we didn't realize this until after we got back to DC.  

Everything we ordered was great, including the ramen and the beef chow fun.  One thing we ordered off the specials was just amazing, it was green beans with a pork and olive sauce, almost like a tapenade. The taste is hard to describe but it might be the best Asian dish I've ever had. 

This place is kind of at the far end of Chinatown coming from downtown but well worth the trip.  Philadelphi's Chinatown also blew me away, I had no idea how vast this section of town was, particularly compared to the fake Chinatown we have here in DC.

Definitely give this place a try in Philadelphia.
Yelp for the win!

I came here last night with a friend out of an extreme craving for Peking Duck, and did not leave disappointed! Right when we walked in we were greeted by a friendly waiter and seated immediately. I like the big windows in the dining area, it gives a nice open feel.  The atmosphere was bustling, in a good way.

We got the duck dinner for two totaling $31.  The highlights were definitely the wonton soup, which was hot, chock full of fresh veggies, and really delicious wontons, and the peking duck, tender, thin, perfectly crunchy and fatty skin.  Makes my mouth water just thinking about it.  You can make it into a wrap with hoison sauce and onion, but I prefer eating the duck alone.  And they give you nice pieces, not just the fatty ends, without the bones- how convienent! With the meal you also get a stir fry with duck and string beans, and a huge plate of fried rice.  

Highly recommended if you're looking for some awesome Peking duck, or Chinese food in general.
Despite dirty table settings and sub-par service (...it's chinatown, what do you expect?), Sang kee  is the place to go for roasted duck, hands down. Just be sure to order it as take out so you don't get skimped on your duck meats! It's probably more sanitary that way too, considering the duck won't be placed on a plate that was washed half-ass..assed? Assedly?
I admit, I have a hard time trying new Chinese restaurants, especially on the East Coast. The variance is just so high. So even though Sang Kee is only OK, this is where I come when I *need* Chinese food.

The veal chop is quite good and served on a sizzling platter and the wonton noodle soup gets the job done if that's what you're craving but I find the noodle dishes (I've tried the pan-fried noodles and the Singapore-style rice noodles) to be really, really inconsistent. What I mean by inconsistent here is inconsistently mixed. The Singapore-style rice noodles had really salty clumps of curry throughout, not mixed in, and the pan-fried noodles were not nearly as crispy as they should've been - and I don't really like my pan-fried noodles that crispy.

The Beijing duck is passable, although the crepes that came with it were too thick and tortilla-like, and way too dry. Vegetables are solid but overpriced - $10 for a plate of sauteed pea sprouts? You've got to be kidding me.
Good ole Sang Kee is still around. I remember the college days when I would come by for their awesome char siu (bbq pork) rice plates. This is a legit HK restaurant with the typical Cantonese type foods you would actually find if you were to travel to HK. 

When I visit Philly, this is another place I go out of my way to visit. The selection of meats is plentiful. I usually opt for either the char siu or their duck. My friends ordered the peking duck on my recent visit, and it was amazing with good crisp skin and nice juicy sweet meat. 

If you're in chinatown and need a spot to try, I'd give a nod toward Sang Kee.
This review is about generosity and service. I made the mistake of ordering takeout through Eat 24 from the location in University City, not Chinatown. Rather then brush me aside, which I am sure many other establishments would do, they called the University City location to cancel my order and remade it fresh for me. I am so grateful and will definitely repay them in loyal patronage. A restaurant like this deserves all their success.
Bar none this place has the best Peking duck wonton soup.  It's a very simple dish.  Clear piping hot broth, noodles, wontons, and the one ingredient that makes it all worthwhile, succulent Peking duck pieces.  Lots and lots of it.  Oh yeah, just to make it healthy, make them add some fresh veggies.  Just writing this makes me start salivating for more.   Sigh

It's been two weeks since we've last had this dish, but hubby and I may need to trek up to Philly again from the DC burbs just to have this dish for lunch again.  Definitely, worth the 2 1/2 hour drive.
One of the better chinese food spots that I've tried in the north east. 

We had 2 combos which ended up being a lot of food. The star of the show was the Peking duck which was really good. Duck was quite moist and tasty. 

The other dishes were also cooked well and very flavorful. Even the fried rice was better than other r spots, except that they had added pineapple for some strange reason. 

We arrived early around 5 as we were just driving through philly at that time and it was empty when we arrived. But when we left there was a wait to enter (on a Tuesday night). 

Street parking looked fairly limited.
Excellent DUCK! 

The duck is succulent, crispy and full of flavor! I also fell in love with the pork and shrimp dimpling soup, the broth is light and has the flavors of ginger and vegetables, they serve it just the way a soup should be, with crisp veggies that allows you to truly taste their flavors.  The service is also great, even their fortune cookies are not your typical ones, they are thinner but testier and crunchier than the commercial ones. When in Philly and want duck, only one place to go!
So disappointed that their shrimp dumpling soup has gone downhill. Advertised as shrimp dumplings it was always a dumpling full of shrimp. Now it's 80 percent pork and 20 percent pork ? I had to ask when I bit into it and noticed there was barely any shrimp. Trying to cut price cost? Dislike!! And can the waiter be anymore cold
What a lovely place.  Came for the duck and it did not disappoint.  Duck was crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside. I can still taste that richful food.

We also had the string beans and minced pork and Singapore mei fun. String beans was al dente and very flavorful,  perfect side to the duck. Singapore mei fun was good too, might have needed it to be a little spicy but still good.

Staff was great and food arrived at a considerable time. Definitely will come back when in Philadelphia.
The last time I went to Philly, I ate here 3 days in a row!
And I walked. All 3 times.
Not too far, I was staying near the convention center =)

So this time around, I was happy I got to experience it 
ALL OVER AGAIN.

I actually like their duck noodle soup better than Sam Woo BBQ.
[And that's saying a lot]
Generous serving, which makes up for the just-OK wontons.
[-1 star ]

What i DO LOVE, is their fried dumplings. [pictured]
theres something about that sauce.. 
that makes me want to dip EVERYTHING in it.
Sang Kee

I've been craving duck for a little while and decided to check out Yelp for some recommendations.  I stumbled across Sang Kee which was highly recommended and made a reservation for Friday night. Luckily, for me even though it was last minute they allowed me to make a reservation for the same day.

My party of 7 arrived to a packed restaurant which was very concerning.  We were immediately escorted upstairs to an empty dining room and for a short period of time we had the whole upstairs to ourselves.  Service was prompt.  We were seated, given menus and water within minutes.  I read that this restaurant was BYOB but was unaware of the $8 corkage fee-so this was a bummer.

The food was very good.  We ordered the duck meal for 4 and a few other dishes including sesame lemon chicken, orange beef and sweet and sour chicken.  Overall all of the food was delish but the duck "pancakes" were my favorite.  A quick side note the "pancakes" are slightly over sized.  The orange beef was a close second the sweet/savory flavor and crunch made for a great combo.  Everything was topped off with a tray of several small scoops of free ice cream.

I did question the cleanliness a bit because there were scraps of paper or napkins under the lazy Susan used for serving the food family style.  Once the condiments (which were on top of the lazy Susan) were moved there were a few grains of rice there.  Lastly, there was a bit of paper (or something else) stuck to one of the glasses.  If it weren't for these small hiccups I would give this place a 4 but for obvious reasons cleanliness is very important to me.  With that being said I would definitely give them another chance.
What's weird about this place is that , the good one are extremely good ! The bad ones are extremely ewwww.  

I always get the wonton noodle soup, the shrimp wontons are really tasty and the broth is really good to. The noodle is mediocre, if you are not that hungry , I suggest ditch the noodle. 

duck- probably one of the best , i recommend getting the duck alone , not the rice platter. 

DO NOT get the dim sum, they are slow , it takes them forever and they taste bad. taste like those frozen ones from the asian markets.

Braised Beef brisket ! you must try this , I love it so much.
I know everyone seems to love this place and though i have only eaten here twice i had to post a review and ask why? I would not say it is bad but definately nothing special...the (dry) beef chow fun was really mushy .. the crab emein and sefood chow mein were ok.... same as the wonton mein... some of the greens were good ...but i really came to try sang kee's specialty both times i came...I am sorry to say but this place has tricked the round eye b/c the peking duck is average at best...I'll stick to wong wong..b/c not only do they have a sweet name but their duck kicks sang kee's feathered ass
i really really wanted penang for chinese new year.  luckily, the weather was nice so i walked down to chinatown (getting lost, of course)...and penang was closed.
alas!  so my friend suggested sang kee.  
it's not what i expected at all.  but you know what?  i got the roast duck wonton noodle soup, and it reminded me of being a kid again.  and you can't go wrong with crispy roast duck.  the wontons though...well, they could use some work.
but all in all, to be fabulously full for under $15 for two people?  rock out.
It's absolutely ridiculous that I have never written a review about this amazing Chinatown gem. We go here quite often and always enjoy our meals. You are instantly greeted with a smile by the host and we have never once had to wait for a table. They provide fast, efficient service and the food is always high quality. 

First off, if you visit this restaurant..you absolutely MUST get the steamed pork dumplings. They are incredible. The oyster sauce on top is the perfect salty compliment. 
I could eat these every single day of the week and be perfectly happy. 

Other menu favorites include:
Roast Pork with Green Vegetables over rice 
Beef Chow Fun 
Veal Chops with black pepper sauce
Singapore Noodle 

Enjoy!!!
If it was the end of the world and Sang Kee was the only place for food and shelter, I would rather starve myself. You're paying an arm and a limb for mediocre food where you could get at other spots in Chinatown for cheaper. The service is like the girl who takes forever to text back. Here my personal experience at Sang Kee: I order Beef Ho Fun and as I finished half of my food, a creature laid there at the bottom. Yes, you guessed it, a cricket. Waiter exchanged the Beef Ho Fun with a newly cooked one, however my appetite disappeared. Had to pay full price on the check. Whatever. Gave it a couple of chances, I'm still presented with mediocre food. The decor is out of date, feels like I'm eating from my grandma's living room. Dessert is a plus, sometimes they give out ice cream. However, I've tasted better ice cream from the ice cream truck. Hopefully, the next time I come here, my fortune cookie will read "why are you here again?"
If you want to go eat out with your friends down in Chinatown, this place would be a decent restaurant to eat in. Service was good, and the appetizers were great! The main courses however, are smaller than the restaurants in Chinatown, however despite that flaw, the noodles here are delicious. 
 I ordered a black bean beef noodle, which cost 8 bucks. It was served in a small plate, but the noodles were stacked high in a hill size. The black peppers gave it a good spice, and the noodles were hot and fresh. Wasn't bad. The appetizers I ordered was the fried wonton. Crunchy and meaty with a good dipping sauce! I would come here again with a group ;]
If you're looking for old school roast duck, roast pork, Sang Kee is the place! The Mrs. likes old school Cantonese and was thrilled with the place. 
Order online, then swing by and pick it up, plenty of space to park and dash in. Some "musts" on the menu are 1lb pork spare ribs, fried flounder with candied walnuts, and Congee! You might think that 1lb of spare ribs is a lot for 2 people -it's not!! SK is now our "go-to" for old school Cantonese!
We came here looking for a place for peking duck, and we thought the reviews on here for the duck were good enough to warrant a try. Unfortunately, the main problem is that the duck is not a peking duck, but rather a normal roast duck that they just slice differently. For a roast duck, it was pretty good. I guess we should've known based on the price, sigh.

If they didn't advertise themselves as a peking duck house, we might have been happy. But it wasn't peking duck. It just wasn't.
Definitely have to say the duck was worth it. I don't know about much else because we didn't get much else. We got the duck to go since that was really the goal.

I think the duck prices are a little high, but I don't know much about the cost of living in Philadelphia or how rare it is to get good Chinese food here, maybe it does warrant a premium?

The duck itself was juicy, flavorful, and delicious. Well cooked, not dry and perfectly seasoned. There's not really much else you can ask for so I definitely recommend it!
Just glancing through the reviews makes me question myself. Did I have a bad day when I went here...? 

But I mean, the mere fact that there are reviews ranging from one end of the spectrum to the other should say at least something about the restaurant's quality and consistency with its dishes (or lack of which).

I heard about this place from a few Asian friends, saying that they always order Sang Kee's duck to go whenever they visit Chinatown.  Being native to Beijing and having tasted various indigenous "Peking Ducks" in China, I was very enthralled by such a positive statement.  My parents and I went together, and here's what we've concluded: 

Duck: the Peking Duck was pretty good, but definitely not memorable.  The crispy duck, on the other hand, was another story... Crispy indeed but drenched in greasy and clearly overcooked as there were very few indications of its freshness.  Maybe I was just being critical but for a restaurant that prides itself with being the "Duck House," this dish is acceptable at best.  On another note, the presentation of the dishes makes it pretty appetizing.  

Atmosphere: this place makes you want to eat and then get out.  Noisy and not really clean looking.  Good for a quick lunch I'd say, however the wait will probably stop you from entering on most days.  

Service: from what I remember there was nothing wrong with the service.  However the waiter did spill a pitcher of water on the floor and everyone watched as he mopped it away (as there was nothing else remotely entertaining).

Takeout: this is one service that we did not try, so it may very well be good.  Stop by if you're on the way, but nothing we've tried was solely worth the drive from Jersey.

Overall, the place was nothing special.  It was personally disappointing probably because I had expected much better.  I'm a little tempted to go back again and hopefully prove myself wrong, since the other places that have ducks would probably be of similar quality or even sub par. But hey, if you go in with little expectations, maybe you'll be pleasantly surprised!
DELICIOUS!  first place i went once i got off the plane and boy did it not disappoint.  

biggest secret:  general tsao's chicken!  laugh all you want like i did when my non-chinese/asian friend ordered it a couple years ago, but it's made like no other.  

their wontons are by far the best i've ever had and the wonton noodle soup is still cheap at 4.50.  better than anything in sf and sf is known for the chinese food . . .  

the peking duck was pretty damn good.  my favorite go to place for chinese in philly.
One of the best Chinese food experiences I've had in awhile. Some friends and I went here, sampled many dishes and left very happy! The dishes are served family style, so it is perfect for sharing. My only complaint is their weak beer selection...$3-4 for Coors, Heineken or a light Chinese beer. 

We started with the stone shrimp in mayonnaise sauce. I know, it sounds weird, right? Rock shrimp, lightly battered with a creamy mayo sauce. Probably my favorite thing of the night!!

Our entrees included an order of the Peking Duck (of course), Beef Chow Fun and Clams in a dark sauce. We got rice on the side and an order of Chinese Broccoli with Ginger.

The plates came out sporadically, each one more exciting than the last! I had never had Duck before, but enjoyed my first experience. The meat is very fatty and greasy, so the consistency was a little weird to get used to, but the sauce was AMAZING. I have no idea what it was but I was literally drowning my rice in it. The clams were served in a delicious dark red/brown sauce with bits of pork and veggies. The Beef Chow Fun was great with its thick chewy noodles and brown sauce. The Chinese Broccoli was cooked and served with a TON of Ginger...almost an overwhelming amount if you don't absolutely love ginger. Luckily, we all absolutely love ginger and could not get enough of it.

With the check, they bring fortune cookies and a plate of different ice cream scoops to sample. Definitely Mint and Coconut and I think the other two might have been Green Tea and Lychee. 

The place was energetic, the service was great and the food was delicious. We will definitely be going back here!
Sang Kee may have really dirty floors, tables, and awful eh service just like Thao N. says but it really is the best place in philadelphia chinatown fro roasted duck. i also really enjoy the shrimp dumpling noodle soup which is very fresh here. writing this review is actually making me crave both of them right now.... the price is very agreeable as well a dinner for two + a coke cost us 13 dollars + tip what more can i ask for!

Overall i think this place is great and if you're looking here to see if its worth it... what are you waiting for... GO IN AND EAT!!!!

In ADDITION: They do not take Credit Cards so have cash on the ready.
I'll make it short and sweet.  EAT HERE!  This is, hands down, the best Chinese food I've ever eaten, and I've been eating Chinese food longer than I can remember.  I'm sure if Gerber had pureed moo shu pork and put it in those cute little jars, my mother would have served it up.  

My favorites?  Shrimp dumpling noodle soup and Peking duck.  I've had other dishes here, but in my opinion, the soup and the duck are the way to go.  The waiter will bring you a moist towel after your meal, but if you're like me, you will have licked your fingers so thoroughly (social graces be damned - nary a drop shall be wasted!) that you might not need it.

The service is fast, the bathroom isn't too horrible (as seems to be the case in most Chinese restaurants I've been to), and the menu is extensive, just in case duck isn't your bag, baby.  If you're lucky you can get free parking on the street, but in case you can't, there is a parking lot directly across the street.  "Well," you may be thinking, "if it's so great, why not 5 stars?"  Easy - this is a cash-only establishment, so come prepared.  I guess it's easier for them, but not always convenient for the patrons.

So stop reading the review already, and get going to Chinatown!  You won't be sorry.  I promise.
I laugh at myself sometimes. Think I'm smart with my reasoning. Word to the wise! The roast duck veg rice plate is actually cheaper at the Terminal Market  (by about $1.7) than in Chinatown. Fully defies any logic, but oh well, I'll say I walked to Chinatown "for the health factor" in the cold, I suppose.

Skin could definitely have been more crispy, and the horrible amount of bones that fill each slice of duck...sigh. Chinese ways---flavor to the spicing of the duck was spot-on, though. That ducky nom-nom sauce soaked up by the rice. The veg is choy sum, and just a few sprigs at that.

Dry fried beef chow fun was a high $9, but was filled with lean beef and decent wok flavor.
I love, love, love this place. After a frustrating 45 minute wait at Ocean City, we came  here with a group of 9 and they were able to accomodate us right away. On a saturday afternoon, that was a godsend, because who wants to wait another 45 minutes for food?! (Grrr...)

...back to positive thoughts. Ahh...Sangkee..thank you.
As usual I got my roast pork & roast duck & green vegetable on rice...I wish I could eat this everyday if I didn't have the risk of gains lol.

Fast service, consistently good food. THANK YOU.
The duck they serve here is amazing. The duck has a nice crisp to the skin, and the meat is moist and tender. Me and 2 other friends finished a whole order of duck, and shared duck noodle soup. Cost the 3 of us $12 each including tip. I'd recommend anyone craving duck to come here. Biggest down side is parking, I'd recommend people park on 8th street at the lot next to the firehouse, they are usually the cheapest ones around.  Oh yes one more thing, bring cash! They do not accept credit cards.
When someone brought me here,  I was told that we'd be the only Caucasians in the place.  That was far from the truth, and that was kinda disappointing.    I've been back a bunch of times and there's always loads of white people there. 

I love the wonton duck soup.  It's just great.  It's the mix of grease, salt, and wonton.  Fantastic.  

Other than the wonton duck soup nothing else sticks out as remarkable that I've had there--so I guess it doesn't deserve 5 stars.
I always give my boyfriend a hard time about being OBSESSED with this place, but a recent visit made me understand why. 

In my opinion though, there are only a few items that are amazing, but are staples while dining here. The duck and roasted pork combo or any of their noodle soups! All amazing.

Stay away from any of the other traditional Chinese entrees and go elsewhere in china town.

Service is fast and they hook you up with a couple scoops of ice cream after your meal!
Since this place has 400 reviews, I don't feel need to go into a great amount of detail. 

The dumplings had a fantastic taste, but the sauce they came with was a bit too salty. 

The Hong Kong Style Duck was perfect. Just enough duck to satisfy me, just enough flavor in the sauce, and it was half the price of the Peking Duck. 

The wonton noodle soup was good, but I've had better in the area. 

The place was way too hot to sit in for lunch. I sweated my face off. But the food was just good enough to justify 4 stars.
Sang kee has been around for so long and it's such a staple in the Chinatown and Philadelphia dining scene. They do some of the best char siu pork and roast duck in town! I love the wonton noodle soups, the broth is so flavorful and fresh. The portions are huge too! I've not had a bad dish here--some favorites: general tso's chicken (it's tender and freshly made, not like the typical takeout version), honey walnut shrimp, Peking duck with buns, pork belly and preserved veggies over rice, deep fried buns w condensed milk, etc. 

Do yourself a favor and go to sang kee whenever you're in the mood for legit Chinese food
I have been here many times and still a patron of this place. One of the specialty is the roasted duck. It is that good and a must when you to sang Kee. The wonton noodles with roasted duck is also very good.

Lately, I have become a take out person. Beef chow Ho fun is a beef flat noodle stir fry. This is the best in philly. I have tried it at many other places and it is just ok. Here it taste perfect each time.

Seafood pan fried noodles is another dish that is great. Crispy noodles with the gooey thick seafood veggie sauce on top of the noodles gives it a perfect bite of flavors.

Service here is ok. Parking is crazy but the option of the parking lot across the street makes it that much better.
I was craving duck noodle soup while out of town. Yelped this place was a recommended, hence it's name. The duck was good, but the ho fun noodle quality was not good. I mainly ate the duck and left the noodles. Guess I should have tried the Peking duck instead of the roast duck. The alcoholic and on-alcholic drinks were good though.
Sang Kee's finally back up and running for contactless pick up and delivery and I have never been more stoked. 

My fave things to get here is the beef chow fun, roast duck, pork & wonton noodle soup and essentially any dish with duck, either hk style roasted or peking style. If you have haven't tried peking duck before, give it go - it is absolutely delicious. 

If yall grew up on congee and this entire quarantine has gotten you down then I highly encourage you to order the congee. It is a true comfort food. They have it available all day long. I went for the classic pork and century egg congee and it hit the spot! It also comes with a stick of fried dough and who doesn't like fried dough?!

Oh and another tip - first time orders on Sang Kee's website gets a 10% discount added in. So when all is said and done, you get to support a Chinatown business, eat some delicious food and save some dolla dolla bills along the way. Ya just can't beat it.
Peking duck! The only place that I know that has good tasty Peking duck ! It offers either buns or tortilla to wrap the duck with cut up scallion. I like the buns but it can't do many wraps compared to the thin tortilla. The duck skin is perfectly crispy. That's usually the only thing I would order when I come here. It didnt taste as well when I did a take out. 
Street parking is usually impossible. The paid parking lot is $15 across the street.
My brother flew in from Cali and wanted some Peking Duck! Ironically, the woman sitting on the plane next to him raved about Sang Kee. I have driven by here many times, but never thought to stop in. (The cartoon duck head with the chef's had never did anything to entice me to come inside.) Also, I shamefully, always default to the local chinese take out and never felt the urge to get authentic Chinese food.
So my family decided to stop in and see what the fuss was all about.

The restaurant has zero ambience, just a very sterile,  busy cafeteria vibe. Upon entering there is a counter, which is cash only, where you can order your peking duck to go, there is a butcher in the window expertly carving away the tasty morsels. The glistening peking ducks and sides of roasted pork hang in the window! There is also a seating area upstairs, but we were seated downstairs. It was crowded with a good mix of people so I knew we had picked the right place.

We ordered the Lobster Dinner for four, seafood bird's nest and the peking duck!  Talk about food over load!!

The brightly colored dishes littered the table top!  The water spinach with garlic was delicious, a green crispy veggie with a hint of garlic, even my anti- veggie husband liked it. The plum duck that came with the dinner was expertly cooked and tender! I didn't try the peking ribs that came with the food extravaganza but I heard that they were just ok, the clams in black bean sauce was very nice as well.
The star of the meal was definitely the peking duck! It was presently, nicely sliced, accompanied with the scallion and pancakes with a thick plum sauce! The duck was moisted and the skin was crispy! Just the way I like it! I'm salivating just thinking about it!
Needless to say, we had to pack up the seafood nest, because we completely underestimated the amount of food we had coming! 

I will definitely come back here again, the service is a bit spotty, as I had to wave someone down to order or ask for additional soda's etc, but it wasn't so annoying that it got under my skin! I would highly recommend Sang Kee, you won't regret it!
Sang Kee Peking will forever hold a special place in my heart. 

Hands down, the best poultry restaurant I've come across. Nothing compares, not even Boston Chinatown. I wish I lived closer, but I make it a point to come by every time I'm in town because I'm obsessed! I loved this place before covid and if anything, I think they taste even better now. It amazes me that they maintain the same taste every time I visit. Roasted duck, pork, and chicken with green veggies over white rice? A must-try. 

My boyfriend and I usually dine in but due to covid, we had to order online. The process was effective, fast, and easy. First-time orders receive a discount AND you earn points every time you order, what more could you ask for? Overall, everyone is extremely friendly and their contact-less pickup is a huge plus! 

We can't wait to come back!
I've been to Sang Kee dozens of times,  and I am shocked that I've never written a review. We always go for the Peking duck which is sublime. Only once did we make the mistake of ordering some other duck dish that was boney and impossible to eat.  Stick with their specialty Peking duck! 

We always get the dinner for two $39.  It comes with the most perfect wonton vegetable soup with tender wontons filled with shrimp.  Next comes the Peking duck. .. tender duck and crispy skin that you wrap in pancakes after you use scallion brushes to slather on hoisin sauce. Divine!

Next is a duck vegetable stir fry and fried rice. By this point we are way overeating but find it almost impossible to stop. 

Sometimes we have ordered the fried shrimp wonton as an appetizer, but if we do,  someone ends up taking a lot of food home.

I love Sang Kee. Efficient wait staff & perfect duck. YUMMY!
What should you order at Sang Kee Peking Duck House??? The name says it all - I highly recommend the Peking duck with the steamed buns. Who doesn't like being lazy? Peking duck means it comes to you already deboned, and all you have to do is grab a bun, place a few pieces of duck with its crispy and absolutely delicious skin inside, apply the hoisin sauce and gingerly drop a few strands of green onions before folding the bun over and shoving that wonderful assemblage into your mouth. 

When we go, my friends usually order the Peking duck special which comes with wonton soup, and string beans with duck in xo sauce. The wonton soup isn't amazing to say the least, but it does warm the soul on a cold winter night. The string beans usually come out greasy and slightly oversalted, but the white rice goes a long to bring the salt level to equilibrium.  

Do not order the eggplant with garlic sauce. The eggplant was still hard from being slightly undercooked and it is the absolute weirdest sauce I've ever had. I couldn't figure out what they put in there besides corn starch, and it wasn't sweet, sour, salty or bitter. And it sure as hell wasn't umami.

The slow cooked beef brisket over the greens was decent, but there wasn't enough beef for me, and they just put some boiled greens with no seasoning underneath. 

I don't like shrimp so I can't vouch for it myself but my friends all really liked the walnut shrimp. 

Finally, I think their Hong Kong style noodles were pretty good, properly gloopy from the brown sauce. They aren't the best, but the table seemed to respond positively to it.

Overall, you can't go wrong if you order the Peking duck. It may be more expensive than the roast duck but well worth the added expense. Everything else is just standard American Chinese restaurant fare.
Whenever I'm home and make a trip to Chinatown, my first choice is Sang Kee.

This is the place that popped my Peking duck cherry. I have yet to eat better quality duck and better tasting duck - whether it be  from an upscale restaurant or a hole in the wall in some other Chinatown in another city. This is where it's at.

Their wonton soup is delish. 

Matta fact, all their entrees are totally savory and yummers. This is what you write yelp about. 

I posted some pix.

This will always be one of my hometown Philly favorites.
Dinner devours are came from Sang Kee Peking Duck House! Upon entering the restaurant who agreed it in a very nice manner and Sho to our table. While sitting at the table I've noticed that this restaurant has a very nice decor. However, since it was a little warm that day and temperature, they had the air conditioning on frostbite. We ordered a simple comfort food  dinner just to warm up. We ordered the spicy Tom Yum seafood soup for two . This soup included very large scallops, large pieces of tilapia fish, nice size pieces of squid, and very large shrimp. It also came with onions and assorted vegetables such as mushrooms carrots. The broth was very flavorful and not too spicy. This dish came with udon noodles, but I preferred it with a side of rice. This was a very affordable dish ranging in at $13.95. If you ever want a nice bowl of comfort Tom Yum soup please check out the same king Peking duck house in china town. #philadelphia #chinatown #philly #soup #tomyumsoup #carrots #vegetables #mushrooms #food #foodphotography #foodie #foods
Been eating here since I was a toddler, been around so long, The BEST Peking duck EVER, Had it in other Chinatowns, not same flavor. Their Roast duck won-ton soup -great, too. When its available, crunchy roasted pork..OMG!! the best.. prices are very reasonable!!! 

2 can eat for $12.00-16.00 best prices around!!
Great food, going to be a regular here.

Typical Chinatown restaurant with a great variety of food. The restaurant is clean but for some reason the floor felt a little greasy to walk on. The service is reasonably quick. There was just a short, less than 5 minute wait for a table for a dinner on a Sunday night.

Got the half Peking duck. It was good and tasty. The only thing I would change is that there are only 4 wraps that come with the order. It's not enough for a half duck. Maybe 6 would be better. Took the extra duck home instead of ordering more wraps.

Also tried the beef chow fun, which was good but could use a little more kick in my opinion. Added a little of the hot sauce from the 2 options on the table and it was perfect. Still would order this again.

The bok choy with mushrooms and brown sauce was probably the best dish of the meal. The vegetables were perfectly cooked through, not soggy, but still crisp. The mushrooms added a complimenting texture. The amount of brown sauce was just right. It also comes with a large 2-3 serving bowl of rice. 

Definitely coming back.
On par with previous experiences, but wanted to post some photos. Ordered some of my favorite dishes (eggplant with garlic sauce, seafood noodle soup, dumplings with noodle soup, and ginger scallion noodles). Everything was good but shrimp dumplings were a bit dense for my ideal. Best single item was probably ginger scallion noodles, which were outstanding.
This place might not look as fancy as the duck restaurants in Beijing, but the food is just as good! My mom, who is from China, asked to come back again after our first meal here if that is any indication. Sang Kee works well for all occasions, from cheap casual lunches to big impressive group dinners. 

Of course, the Peking duck is the star here, and it has that crispy fatty skin you'd expect from a good roast duck. The moment when you first take a bite, the succulent fat bursting with flavor, is pure bliss! The Peking duck dinner for two set (which really feeds three, including one six-foot-tall guy with an appetite) is a great way to sample the best that Sang Kee offers. The wonton soup is light enough to be drank straight and the roast duck is obviously great, but the third course - a duck stir-fry with green beans - was an unexpected highlight. I'd come to Sang Kee just for that.  

For a cheaper, no-frills meal, the duck over rice hits the mark. It has the same delicious roast duck (just watch out for bones), but served over rice with vegetables instead of the traditional pancakes. I love how the rice soaks up the sauce and spices they use on the duck; they give a big rice portion but you'll want to eat it all!
4 stars for the food.  I try to ignore the surroundings.  Great Duck.  And hands-down best steamed dumplings.  LOVE 'em.  Wonton Duck Soup can be a little greasy - but man, it's a tasty indulgence.
Honestly, when my husband and i don't feel like cooking and just want good, satisfying food without all the bells and whistles, we think of this place...also the price is definitely nice, especially for the portion sizes. Get appetizers at your own risk because the entrees will fill you up. 

My husband loves their scallion pancakes and I'm a sucker for their rice dishes, especially the ones with pork. (This place is also great for take out but the line inside near the door can be off putting since there is no one really to direct you, you just have to be bold and walk to the front) 

The atmosphere is chill, staff is quick, attentive without being intrusive and annoying and polite.
Sang Kee has another location in Reading Terminal Market, leading me to think that this is THE place to go for Chinese food since it made it into the American neighborhood (lol). 

The fiance and I came here for an early dinner on Sunday (~5pm), and there were plenty of people eating in the restaurant also. They have a large seating area, owning two store fronts on the first floor and another separate area on the second floor. 

We ordered char siu and roasted duck combo rice plate, and a seafood pan friend noodle plate. Food came quickly, and we were happy campers.  Comparing to Los Angeles quality and quantity, the portion here seems to be smaller, but still more than enough for one person per plate. 

The char siu was a little on the drier side; the roasted duck and the cha siu both seemed to be on the smaller side. The cha siu somehow was VERY THIN, and the roasted duck on the plate were the pieces with bones; definitely not the best we've had or could've gotten. The seafood pan fried noodle was not too bad. However, I did find the sauce to be a bit too thick, didn't have to use as much corn starch. The imitation crab meat was not good, and somehow the dish didn't have any fish filet pieces either. 

Maybe we should've just ordered peking duck here, since it was in the restaurant name. The meal itself wasn't bad, but it didn't quite live up to our expectations (calibrated already for Philadelphia from LA lol). Will definitely be trying another place next time!
Food (9.0/10) = Bottom line, this place serves fantastic Cantonese fare.  Been here numerous times during many visits to Philly.  The consistent winner for me is the Peking duck served with pancakes, scallions and plum sauce.  The skin is thin and crispy.  Most of the fat under the skin has been nicely rendered off.  The meat is tender and juicy.  Constructing your flour pancake purses filled with duck meat, thinly slices of scallion and plum sauce is rewarding.  You have the option of the half-duck platter ($20) or the whole-duck platter ($30).  You also have the option of adding a second course to this grand duck feast for a few more dollars. (~$2?).  This second course utilizes the remaining duck meat not served with your panckes, tossed in the wok with green beans.  

Other dishes:
1) Pickled chili steamed flounder fillet (Hunan style) = simply wow! The white fish fillets are flaky and delicate.  The flavor profile is amazing.  There's some heat.  There's some sourness.  They tell you upfront it will take 20 minutes to prepare this dish.  The wait is worth it.
2) Crispy soft tofu with pork & shiitake mushroom in brown sauce = Silky tofu.  Lightly flash fried to create the crispy exterior while maintaining the soft delicate interior.  Then placed in a bowl of a thick savory sauce, married with thin strips of pork and shiitake mushrooms.  Of all dishes mentioned in this review, this one is ordered every time.
3) Eggplant with chicken and salted fish = a great change up to those who love the popular eggplant dish with garlic sauce.  I think Sang Kee's chefs prepare this dish well, as the chicken is very tender, and you can taste the salted fish.
4) XO Sauce Fish fillet = the least favorite of the mentioned, but still damn good.  For those of who don't know, XO sauce is sort of like the ultimate sauce created with dried scallops, shallots, dried oysters, etc.  Google "XO sauce" for more details.  The only problem I had with this dish recently was that it was a little too salty.  But it is a minor mistake given the excellence of Sang Kee's other dishes.

As for their BBQ meats you see hanging behind the front window of the restaurant, this stuff is equally good, and you can order the meats by itself, or served as small meal rice plates that cost on average $6-7.  I got two roasted pork + Chinese broccoli on rice platters to go before leaving town recently. 

Ambiance (7.5/10) = Typical Chinese BBQ type restaurant.  Roast pork, duck, chicken and other variety of meats hang behind the front window of the restaurant.  As you make your way inside, table are situated laterally.  

Service (7.5/10) = Lot of people working in this restaurant.  You can easily get a waiter if you need one immediately.  The food is prepared quickly, and comes out hot.  This of course is to be expected with wok cooking.

Overall opinion = Having tried multiple restaurants in Philly's Chinatown, Sang Kee Peking Duck House is the best.  The dishes from the "specials" menu are truly special.  The Peking duck served with pancakes, scallions and plum sauce is definitely a must try if you haven't had it already.  

Of note, this is a cash only place.
Sang Kee Peking Duck House is quite possibly the best Chinese food in town.   

A group of 5 of us ordered fried wontons, Singapore noodles, black pepper beef, rice, and a whole duck--and it was plenty of food.  I suppose I needed to learn more about Peking Duck, because I was a little surprised when it came out.  I expected a whole duck, recognizable as such, but they serve it in what is apparently the traditional fashion: broken down into pieces, and prepared in several courses.  Traditionally you'd get the skin, meat and all the organs in separate servings, but since Americans don't usually like organs, don't expect to get them.  The first of the two courses is the meat with skin, spring roll wrappers, scallions, and hoisin sauce (quite a bit like mushu pork).  

The skin was nice and crisp, and the meat was rich and lean, but prepare to be amazed by how little meat is actually on a half Peking duck.  The second half of the duck was served in a stir fry with green beans, and a rich, dark fermented bean sauce that was much more delicately spiced than the muddled brown sauces I've come to expect from Chinatown.  

Overall, the prices are pretty standard for Chinatown, but their portions are a bit smaller, though still adequate.Even if you're not in the mood for duck, the rest of the menu is excellent.  They have a lot of the normal fare, as well as some fusion dishes I've never tried. Everything we had was excellent, so don't be afraid to try something new.
What a great find on a business trip to Philly!  I didn't know Philadelphia had a large China-Town, and the choices are seemingly limitless.  I took the opportunity to have some great Peking Duck.  Here's a summary of my experience:

Pros:
1)  Outstanding Peking Duck.
2)  Fantastic Fresh Vegetable side dishes.
3)  Incredible variety (for those not interested in Duck).
4)  Great Soups.
5)  Reasonable prices.
6)  Free Wi-fi (great when traveling!)
7)  Nice Portion sizes.
8)  They brought out 2 flavors of complimentary ice cream (small bites) after the meal.  (Nice Touch!)

Cons:
1)  It's an inner-city restaurant, so the foot-print is small.  
2)  The bathroom is a bit cramped.
3)  It's a long trip from Cary, NC
O.K., the duck was ACCEPTABLE at best. good hoisin, kind of bullshit, premade pancakes, some julienne scallion (should have been three times as much)...duck was tender and skin was crisp, but not CRISPY. What saved it for me was a small layer of luxurious duckfat beneath the skin. Purist  may argue that it should be gone, thus leaving the skin crispier, but it was enjoyable nonetheless. 

second course duck scrap stirfry was anemic, lacking any distinguishable flavor. My lover and I jacked it with hoisin and some spicy, "not sriracha" hot sauce at the table, which helped it considerably. Point of order, that hot sauce was ridiculously good. Might have been the best part of the dinner. We put that shit on everything.

We had fried shrimp wontons and fried pork dumplings that were top notch. However, later at home, my baby bit into a dumpling and came across a pea size bone. ya, it happens, but not cool. 

THE GENERAL TSO'S CHICKEN is the utmost bullshit I've ever had. Look, I don;'t care if this dish is not real chinese food. I LOVE THE DISH. I'm not even going to go into words about it. It was a pathetic attempt; let's leave it at that. 

Congratulations are in order; You made the friggin boycott list. WEAK. I'll iron chef your asses anytime when it comes to peking duck.
Wow! Just when I thought I needed to go to NYC to get great authentic chinese food I found this place.

The peking duck, steamed fish w/ ginger & scallion, roast pork, noodle soups and dumplings are excellent.  

The peking duck has the crispy skin that people in the know look for with shaved scallions, hoisin sauce and pancakes.  They even gave us a side dish of the left over duck meat with stir fried green beans.  HEAVEN!

The shrimp and pork dumplings hit the spot.  My wife enjoyed the vegetable dumplings and the General Tso's chicken.

Great value with nice decor and friendly service make this a go to place everytime.  Another huge perk is the parking lot across the street.  The 2 stories also make this a great place to watch the cars go by as you eat a hot bowl of roast pork noodle soup.

I'm so excited we found this place and will be back several more times.
This place is on the outskirts of Chinatown and always busy. They have some great noodle soups that keep me coming back for more; namely, the Roast Pork & Roast Duck Noodle Soup (mind you, you have to aggressively separate the bones from the meat on the duck, but it's still worth it). The Curry Lemongrass Chicken Noodle Soup is also pretty good. 

The Dan Dan Noodles are not that great, especially when compared to the infamous Han Dynasty ones. Same goes for the spicy cucumbers. Pretty sure I taste something sticking to the roof of my mouth, MSG perhaps?

Service is fast and they flip those tables even faster! All you have to do is make eye contact with any server on the floor and they do not ignore you, which is not always the case in Chinatown!
I love this restaurant so much.  The peking duck was roasted perfectly with a crispy skin, the shredded duck was stir fried nicely with plentyy of crisp, fresh vegetables, the wonton soup was flavorful with plump, meaty wontons, the shrimp fried rice was light, flavorful, and full of jumbo shrimp, the lotus leaf lobster rice was full of scallops, egg, and lobster, all lightly stir fried and very flavorful, the salt fish, chicken, and eggplant casserole was fantastically seasoned and not at all greasy, the five spice tofu with chives was very spicy, and the steamed yu choi was tender and fresh.  Our server was great, and the ooh came out in less than 10 minutes.  It's still the reliable standby - now with more food options, too!
Food is usually good. Customer service sucks. The place opens at 10 am, I was in at 1045 am and ordered hot and sour soup which is usually the best I've had in the NJ/Pa area. The server told me only noodle soup until 11am. No ifs ands or buts.  I asked again he said nothing but noodle soup until 11, that's the rules. I got up and left.
Had a great lunch w friends. They have a large menu, and  the food looked very authentic and fresh. Parking sucks in Philadelphia but there's a big parking lot across the restaurant. One of us got the pork lomain , that was flavorful and delicious, I order the fry pan noodles w seafood, it was okay. Noodles where supper hard and the seafood dish didn't have enough sauce. The seafood was little slimy so it made it taste no so good. My friend got the duck dish which I believe they specialize on that, she seem to enjoy the dish. I would def visit here again if I was in the area and hungry for Chinese.
When I'm in the mood for roast duck wonton noodle soup, this is where I go.
Absolutely love it, but other than that, I never really tried anything else.

But the last time I went, I did try the fried ice cream, I didn't like whatever it was they wrapped the ice cream in, i think it was cereal or something, so I only ate the ice cream.

Know what I don't get? They always have those big flat-screen tvs on, but theres no sound..
While the food was decent I have a fundamental issue with the name of the restaurant and what they serve as Peking Duck.  Sang Kee Peking Duck House serves Cantonese-Style Roast Duck and *NOT* Peking Duck made popular in Beijing/Peking.

I will caveat the rest of the review in that it was a take-out order, so there are likely some improvements if tried in the restaurant.

Being that Peking Duck is in the name of the restaurant and is so highly rated on Yelp, my wife and I were super excited to try as we love Peking Duck and were in search of a place in Philly.  We ordered the two course Peking Duck that includes a stir fry dish.  When we opened the duck we were surprised to see it look just like Cantonese style roast duck.  We called the restaurant telling them there must have been some mistake and they had given us Roast duck instead of Peking Duck.  After some back and forth, the person on the phone assured us that we received the right order but admitted that she understood why we called and said that she was aware there was another style of duck also called Peking Duck. She pointed out that although the duck was cut like Cantonese style Roast Duck (in chunks with skin and meat together) it was de-boned.  As it turns out, that's really the only difference other than the provided steamed buns, sauce and scallions.  Oh, and the other difference...the price.  You are paying $6.50 more for half duck and even more than that for a whole duck versus the standard roast duck price.

As an aside, Peking Duck is prepared differently than roast docuk: It is baked at a high temp to render the fat thereby crispening the skin.  Skin texture is way different between the two.  In my opinion. the whole reason why you order Peking Duck is for the crispy skin.  The skin is served separately from the meat and even when ordered to go (we've gotten peking duck to go many times) it stays crispy when you get home...not so much from what we ordered at Sang Kee's.

Bottom Line: If you want Peking Duck...do not go to Sang Kee.  If you want a pretty good Cantonese style Roast duck, Sang Kee is fine.  This leaves me still searching for a legitimate Peking Duck place in Phlly.

For what it's worth, the Beef chow foon, garlic snow pea leaves, and eggplant we ordered were passable...I'd give it 3 stars for those dishes.  However, overall, 1-star for the misrepresentation in the restaurant name and of the dish.
Great place if you are looking for Chinese food in Chinatown. They get packed on weekends. Great veggie options. Baby bok choy yummmm. Just be careful the food is salty like typical Chinese food.  Brown rice option 2 thumbs up!  One complaint I would have about this place is they bring out the food whenever it is ready and don't bring everything out together. They offer free desert at the end of every meal too and take credit cards.
The boss took us to lunch today. We chose the Sang Kee Duck house because it's been an old stand by.  Lots of Chinese patronize the place and if the Chinese like the food, the Chinese food should be good right? Well, my colleagues ordered the hot and sour soup and they were pleased. I had a mango lychee something or other shake/smoothie and it was awesome. I ordered a tofu dish that I really didn't like. However, we also ordered a noodle dish with a spicy peanut sauce that was pretty good.  The place gets knocked down to two stars because there was a bug walking across a napkin that we squished, and discovered this after we ate of course. I was at this place two years ago upstairs and saw critters crawling the walls.  Will I ever learn? I think I am done with the Sang Kee Duck house.
Sang Kee serves up mediocre Chinese food.  It's passable, considering Philadelphia standards for this cuisine.

The beef short rib with black pepper was rather bad. It had a weird texture, and little  flavour.  The sauce tasted mostly of starch.  1 star

Green beans with black olive and some ground pork were not bad.  The beans were cooked to the right texture, but they were a bit salty. 3 stars

1 star for beef short rib
3 stars for beans
3.5 stars for roast duck: flavourful, but not succulent enough (previous review)
= 2.5 stars average
Sang Kee is like that old friend who you can rely on.

They specialize in roast duck and chashao (charsiu), but be sure to also try out the other Canto favorites. I'm a fan of the rice plates an the noodle soups (with HK style wontons) because they offer big flavor and portions for cheap. Basically everything I've had off the menu here has been spot on to what I'm expecting from a Chinatown stalwart. Been great every single time over the many years we've been coming here. 

Service is Chinatown standard. There is seating upstairs (where I prefer actually). Food comes out relatively quickly as well.
My favorite restaurant in Chinatown.

My family and I have been making trip to Philly from the burbs just to get a steaming bowl of duck noodle soup. Birthdays, graduations, and many dinner dates have been celebrated here. 

Everything is delicious, I've been slowly trying to explore every item on the menu but I can't not order the duck noodle soup. 

My only issue is that the venue is pretty tight and I've never seen it not busy and packed. Service is fast and attentive but it's hard to get large groups together bc it involves pushing smaller tables together or waiting for the big round table upstairs. 

But a little wait and bumping elbows with the table next to you is worth every bite of the food.
Oh Sang Kee, I had forgotten how much I missed your roast pork and ribs until I tasted them again today...  Never again will I stray from you.  My poor taste buds have been deprived for too many months.
I've only been to Sang Kee once, but it was the favorite for my recent trip to Philly by quite a margin. We were originally quoted about a 20 minute wait, but ended up waiting no more than 5 minutes. The server had no problem making adjustments to our orders, even though the place was packed (substituting meats, soups etc). The food came out quickly, the portions were generous, and everything was delicious. 

The atmosphere isn't amazing, but the restaurant was very clean and well run. I don't generally expect great atmosphere from restaurants in Chinatown anyway, it's more about finding amazing reasonably priced food, which Sang Kee definitely offers. 

The Peking duck was my favorite dish of the night, but really everything was delicious. I would also recommend sharing a durian smoothie, which was well worth the $3. 

If there's one restaurant I would come back to on my next trip to Philly, this would be it. We have some pretty good authentic style Chinese restaurants back in North Carolina, but nothing comes close to what you can get in real cities. I would highly recommend Sang Kee to anyone visiting or living in Philly if you can make it out to Chinatown. Parking can be a little tough to find and there may be a wait, but it will be well worth the effort.
