Not much I can add to the many,  many reviews of this iconic Chinatown restaurant except what I love to eat here. Sang Kee is a great noodle house and their Peking duck is stellar.  
I go there mostly for 3 items,  the duck noodle soup  (with ginger and scallions), the sliced roast pork and the duck rolls. The soup is delicious,  crammed with roast duck,  noodles in a savory broth. The ginger and scallions make it perfect. 
I order the roast pork and ask them to smother it with the duck juice and dip it in spicy Chinese mustard.  
But the duck rolls are the star of the meal, Peking duck sliced with slivers of scallions,  a swipe of hoisen sauce and rolled up in a flour tortilla,  I could eat them everyday if I could. 
So that's it folks, try these items and you'll be looking for a hard to find parking space, avoiding the nefarious PPA, standing in a crowded takeout space and salivating while they prepare a unforgettable experience.
Maggot/larvae type insect found in food. 

This is my third time visiting Philadelphia and each time I stop by the Reading Terminal Market to try out a new restaurant. I decided to go with Sang Kee Pecking Duck House and ordered the roast duck wonton noodle soup. I was starving so I dug right in (didn't get to snap a pic of the meal before) and was disappointed to find that my roast duck was mostly all fat and bones. The whole meal honestly smelled a little funny and as I started to push the food around with my spoon I found a few of these little guys (pic included). Not sure if it's a maggot or another insect in its larvae stage but it was enough to ruin my appetite. 

I'll be posting an update letting you know if this wreaks havoc on my gastrointestinal system or not. Wish me luck
With the overwhelming crowd, lines, and food choices of Reading Terminal I chose this place because there was no line and i typically love duck.  Ordered the special (roast duck roast pork wonton noodle soup) thinking I would get a little taste of everything and i did. I know there was duck. It actually had small bones which is quite annoying when trying to enjoy a soup. I didn't get to fully enjoy the duck because of those bones. Then there was the other meat. I couldn't tell if it was pork or a different cut of duck. It was team
really chewy. Definitely did not enjoy the meat component to my meal, but what i truly did enjoy were the wontons ,the noodles, songs the broth. Those were amazing which is how they earned 3 stars from me
Overall Score: 2.75 Stars (Too Greasy)

My wife and I ordered the same thing - duck and fried rice. She had very little meat and she loves to eat meat off the bone, a lot of fat and non-crispy skin - very disappointing considering other folks reviews. I had a very different experience - not fatty, enough duck for a meal although my skin could have had a bit more crisp. The egg roll we shared was crisp, non-greasy and tasty. The fried rice under the duck was good, nothing exceptional. We were there right before the lunch rush at Reading Terminal Market. For us, a little disappointing considering the reviews.

Thanks
You know, there's actually limited peking duck here. It's actually better fo roasted duck in the window, and they do a better job at their big restaurant over on Vine with the peking duck.

Noodle & rice dishes Hong Kong style. Much like Big Wong's.

Cheap prices, though. Cash only.
A great deal for the price. I visited this stand at RTM twice during my trip to Philadelphia. First time I ordered the BBQ pork and duck combo. I realized I really preferred the duck (BBQ pork is OK but I would prefer crispy roast pork belly), so second time I got the duck with fried rice. The combo seemed much more filling than the duck with fried rice so I had room for dessert at another stand. 

Bottom line is it's tasty duck. I'd probably just order a half duck next time and skip the fillers.
Whenever I am at reading terminal or happen to be in the area, I make sure to grab some duck rolls and any of the noodle soups! I also order takeout, as my husband loves the duck rolls as an afterword snack, and I really enjoy the soups and noodles for lunch during my work from home days. 

The Peking duck is also great, it's perfectly braised and super flavorful and tender. 

Prices are extremely reasonable. Absolutely delicious and fresh food, staff is friendly.
I read great things about the roast duck from Sang Kee, which is supposedly among the best in the area, so my family and I tried it when we spent a couple of hours at RTM.

To echo some of the previous comments, the food was okay but nothing special.

We tried the Duck Noodle Soup with Wontons and the Lo Mein with Duck and Roast Pork; the total for both is $18.50. The latter was our least favorite. The noodles weren't soggy, but a little on the salty side and not as thick as we expected. On the other hand, Sang Kee's roast duck is flavorful enough. Unfortunately, we did not like the BBQ pork at all; it did not appeal to us whatsoever.

As for the noodle soup, it was probably the better of the two. The wontons were stuffed with a good amount of meat, while there was plenty of thick-skinned duck and noodles; altogether, flavor was on point. Moreover, like the lo mein, the serving size is just right and reasonably priced.

This Sang Kee is merely a branch/stall inside RTM, so maybe their full-sized restaurant in Chinatown is much better with its expanded menu.
I was fortunate enough to attend an event for people having private events at RTM, where people are able to sample dishes from many of the vendors, in order to help select the vendors that will stay open during your private event. While I did not eat at this merchant during regular hours, I was able to sample a dish at this event: 

Sang Kee was serving their CHICKEN and PORK DUMPLINGS. The dumplings had a chewy noodle exterior, which was expertly cooked, and was filled with a savory, moist chicken filling full of asian flavors. They dumplings were coated with a slightly sweet glaze that added extra moisture to the dish and brought it all together. I know they're not known for their dumplings, but their duck, so I'll make sure to make my way back here for that!
Walking through Reading Terminal Market you see the crispy, perfectly golden ducks in the window and you just have to have one. Or maybe that's just me. I had to have one.

I ordered the lunch serving of duck with fried rice. I'm about to expose the American in me, but I wish they didn't chop it all up, bones and all. I know this is standard at many places that do duck, but I really hate putting a bite in my mouth and worrying if its going to be duck or a small piece of bone. The boyfriend wasn't complaining and thought it was delicious, so again this could just be me. 

Anywho, they give you a pretty healthy portion of duck served over a ton of fried rice, and for the price the servings are large. If you're looking for duck in Reading this may be the spot for you, but with all the options there I think there are better places to check out.
This is the location in Reading Market (they have a larger location in Chinatown proper). Same awesome roast duck and pork but to go (or for eating at their small counter).

The roast duck and pork are the way to go - you can get as a combo together with bok choy or just duck or pork with bok choy (served over rice). They also sell by the pound. I say get the combo - they put rice at the bottom of the take out carton, put the meat and veggies on and then ladle some of the meat drippings all over it. YUM!!!!!

They also have noodle soup, fried rice and other basic Chinese takeout items, which are all fine, but seriously get the duck or pork.
This place has excellent food for the price.  After reading some of the reviews here, I had to write a review.  One woman said she didn't like her duck, but she generally doesn't like duck.  So, what did you expect?  She actually complained that it smelled like duck. It was duck!  Another said the prices were reasonable, but she wanted more duck.  How much duck do you want in a plate for $7.  Also, they sell duck and pork by the pound, so she could easily have ordered more.

I have never had a bad meal here.  It is my go to place in Reading Terminal for sit in or take out.  Order the roast pork lo mein with green vegetables.  Add some chili sauce to spice it up and prepare to be satiated!  Need an appetizer?  Order the fried shrimp dumplings.
What to choose at the Reading Terminal Market....

I read an online article identifying the top 10 things to eat at RTM and the duck & roast pork combo was in the top 10. I'm not a big fan of duck, but I decided that I'd go with it since the line was short compared to a bunch of other booths. 

It did not disappoint. For a little over $11, you can get a nice sized meal with very flavorful duck with a crispy, delicious skin. The pork was tender and tasty and my finicky son ate quite a bit of it. I opted for lo mein noodles for a little extra (ended up paying $12). 

They do have a full menu and counter seating.
I love roast duck. i do, i really really do.  So when i get a craving? this is where i go.  Fried wontons or dumplings to start then roast duck noodle soup.  The salt and pepper squid is good here too.  It's always packed but waits aren't too long.

Walk in, hold up however many fingers match your party size and hope they lead you on back.

It's cheap, fast and good.  My bf is chinese and he wasn't a fan, saying how chinese food in nyc is much much better but hey...i like it!! so i go.  Oh ya, their mango smoothies are DELICIOUS!!  i think once i got 2 (bad idea) but yes...GOOD.
I love Sang Kee but this was my first time at the one at the Reading Terminal.  I wasn't too hungry (just strolling and was a little greedy) so I ordered the bourbon Shish kabobs.  I must say that I was so disappointed! So dry and crispy....is it suppose to be like that? I know it was only 2 bucks but damn!!!! Any amount of money I spend....I want the food to be delish!  It must have been left out all day or Something.  WELL, I do want to give this place another try because of all the great reviews.  Next time I will try the roasted duck with green veggies and rice (a real meal)...then I will see how they measure up!
If you are in the Reading terminal and confused about what to get, you can not go wrong with some pecking duck platter. I ordered roasted duck rice and vegetable platter and I was super happy with it. It has juicy duck, rice and vegetables. It was just 8 dollars. The amount of food they give you I would say it definitely worth it. I have also tried the roasted pork platter and it was great as well.  Overall, it's a convenient place with great service. 

Thank you for reading this and I hope you find this helpful.
Couldn't wait to try the Peking duck. Ordered a pound to share. Instead of duck, we got a pound of bones. Have never encountered ruder people either. So disappointed
Duck was pretty decent - and I'm a fairly picky. I prefer the fluffy bread like bun with duck over the tortilla style which they have here, but I thought it was still good. The restaurant was fairly full while we were eating and the food was arriving very slowly. The seafood soup, char siu pork were among the more delicious dishes we ordered along with the duck. We were a large group and didn't order enough duck (it takes a long time) so just something to be aware of...
My favorite indulgence here is the Duck Noodle Soup. Yes, the duck is slightly greasy but the flavor of the diced pieces of roast peking duck swimming in a flavorful broth and topped off with a slew of noodles makes for a great lunch under $6. 

To add some slight nutritional value, add some bok choy to your soup. 

All in all....absolutely delicious.
I own a business in the RTM and have recently discovered the Sang Kee Peking Duck.  I have never been disappointed. Very fair prices for very fresh and tasty food.
I especially like the vegetable soup and the dumpling soup as well as the fried rice and the tasty crispy duck.
They deliver a very tasty meal for a very reasonable price. It makes an easy, tasty take out dinner when you are not inclined to cook at home.
The Prices are slightly higher here but maybe by $.75. Anyhow, the food is delicious as always. Portions are huge and I would very highly recommend the Singapore mei fun. It's cooked right before you and the seasoning is fantastic. But don't leave without getting some duck and roast pork, even if it's to go.
This place is great for their roast duck rice! nomnom
Chinatown in a shopping mall.  Stay with the duck and soups.  The bok chop combo with the duck is probably the best thing here.  Healthy food it is not, but a real bargain in Center City Philadelphia!
When I'm in the Reading Terminal Market, I usually leave with a duck roll in my hand from Sang Kee.  Only $2 and is a nice tasty snack.  If I have a full meal, I usually will get duck with no rice and extra greens instead.  I wish I didn't have to pick around the bones, but the taste keeps me coming back and dealing with them!  I've never had a bad meal from Sang Kee.
4 stars for the food.  I try to ignore the surroundings.  Great Duck.  And hands-down best steamed dumplings.  LOVE 'em.  Wonton Duck Soup can be a little greasy - but man, it's a tasty indulgence.

Oh - and watching my 4 year old scarf down 3 different types of dumplings was precious.  She sat at the counter like a pro.  She tried the shrimpdumplings, wonton (sans soup they are very tasty) and the steamed chicken dumplings.

Can't wait to take her back here.
Never gave any restaurant a review before but this is worth it.  Had Peking Duck course for two and it was worth the money and the harrowing experience we had trying to park and walk through shady areas of Chinatown after dark.
I've loved mallard ducks since I was a child.  The males are just so darn cute - don't they look like they're wearing brown tweed suits with white collars?  That said, duck is one of the few things I don't eat.  So why am I reviewing Sang Kee?  Because their pork dumpling/bok choy/noodle soup (#8) at the Reading Terminal Market has become a weekly staple in my lunch rotation.

When I'm having a stressful day at work, I know I can nip down to the Sang Kee stand for  a #8 and lose myself in its goodness until I'm ready to face the world again.  The broth and noodles are notably plain, but that makes them the ideal canvas to showcase the swirls and flecks of chili oil that I always put in (be careful though, too much of it will clear your sinuses, know what I'm sayin?).  Bok choy is my favorite vegetable, and it makes me feel like I'm eating healthy even as I layer it on top of the pork dumplings (which aren't fried and don't feel particularly fatty, but still).

I can't speak for the more "Americanized" options that they offer (Bourbon chicken?  What IS that?  I always thought it was something Chinese stalls in food court malls invented), but the soups rock my world.  Don't forget to ask for the chili oil!
It can't compare to the real place on 9th street, it just can't. That location is delicious, and price friendly. This place is just lower quality

$7.00 for shrimp wonton noodle soup with vegetables with a whopping 3 wontons in my soup! So you get full from allll the noodles they give you, but really nothing substantial. Also a little bland compared to their real location.. such a bummer

Can't comment on the pork as I've stopped eating it recently!
Tried this for the first time today with a friend who eats there regularly and I loved it.

Had the mixed pork and chicken steamed dumplings and the Peking duck roll. The dumplings came drizzled with soy sauce and fresh scallion, enough to go around but not too much. They were well filled and very filling. The Peking duck roll was good too.. Peking duck inside what more resembled a tortilla than anything else.

Seems pretty popular, the seats were all full by the time we finished eating. I haven't tried their Chinatown location, I imagine it must be pretty much identical and I'll give it a try next time I'm nearby.
I don't freely hand out five stars to hole-in-the-wall ethnic establishments.  However, the dumpling soup I enjoyed on Wed. 4/24 was incredible.  It was steamy hot, dumplings were tender and flavorful and the folks at the counter were super nice.  

I would be hard pressed to get a better meal in Philadelphia for $8 (soup/coke/generous tip).  

Will I eat here again?  YUP!  every chance I get!
Skip the line for the cheesesteak and get yourself some great wontons, bbq pork, and roasted duck! 

My favorites are the pork dumplings, dumpling soup (which has three different kinds of dumplings and veggies), bbq pork ribs, and don't forget the duck roll! It's like a duck burrito (wrapped in flour tortilla). 

Little seating in their area but you can get it to go and sit in the main seating area of the terminal.
While walking through the market my eye caught some glistening meat hanging in the window and I got very excited. Sang Kee is known for their famous Peking duck, roasted pork and bbq spare ribs. So I had to order a Peking duck and roasted pork combo. Wow! The duck was really juicy and flavorful and the skin was perfectly crispy. The pork as well was super flavorful and cooked to perfection. This place is really a winner!
Get their char siu pork.  That stuff is the best out there- so tender, so sweet, so crispy.  Always have a slight craving for it tbh.  Their duck is great too, but not up to par with their pork.  Pretty expensive for what you get, but a great place to get some takeout for 2-4 meals.
I review as a roast duck wonton soup connoisseur, just the thing to get in the winter when you have a cold.

The roast duck and the thin egg noodles are great. The duck is richer and fattier, cut in larger chunks than I've had in similar restaurants. It has more character--chewier, where at other places the meat might fall off the bone--and is delicious if you don't mind eating with your hands.

The broth is lighter and a tad creamy, more of a chicken broth than the similar chicken and soy broth at other places. The wontons are heavy on the mincemeat, light on shrimp, like wrapped meatballs.

For take out, they serve everything in one container, so you should eat it quickly. 

Overall, not my favorite, but a solid and convenient option with great duck, if you're in Reading Terminal Market with $10 to spend.
I only had the egg roll and peking duck roll, and it was pretty good. I was happy to order 2 items and only pay $3.50. The service was pretty fast, considering there were a few people in front of me. I would come here again and order a meal.
Review only for Reading Terminal location*

We went there on a Monday around 3pm. No line, yay! Ordered & got food in about 5mins. They chop up the meat fresh to order. Always ask for extra sauce all over. It was good but Chinatown location is so much better! Based on getting it To-go for from both locations.
Do yourself a favor and stop wandering around RTM waiting hours for a so-so pork sandwich. The duck here is phenomenal. I say this as someone who has been to China and eaten duck from highly rated stores there. The pork is also sooooo juicy and tender. Wow, I'm getting hungry writing this. Going to go get some duck at Sang Kee now. 

PS do not go to the Sang Kee in University City, that one is not as good as the ones in Chinatown.
Haven't tried their actual restaurant location, but I love the convenience of the Reading Terminal Market location. It's as close as you can get to a Chinatown BBQ shop with ducks hanging in a window without actually going into Chinatown. They put your meal together with their hands, but I guess that's part of the experience, so this is not for the squeamish germaphobe types.

Get the #7 for duck, pork, vegetables, and white rice. It's topped off with the juicy meat drippings, and it tastes like heaven. Food comes right out after you pay, and it's easy to eat on the go (or grab a seat there if you can find space). As much as they are famous for their duck, you will want that pork. Great meal for $10.
I went to visit this place because of all the reviews I read but I was a little disappointed! The people who work there were pleasant, the sitting area was nice and clean but my food was served cold! I ordered the duck with stir fried rice and vegetable! The rice was the only item that was hot! If only the entire platter was served hot I'm sure I would have enjoyed it more
The best place to eat in town. 5 stars!!!! And here's why...

Food:
DELICIOUS.  It is fast, the noodle soups can come as little as 3 minutes, while the rest will probably be in front of you in 5 to 10 minutes.  I usually get the something with roast duck because theirs is no doubt the best in town.  I also love the snow peas leaves dish, it's so flavorful!!!!!!!  My friends also love the rice dishes, vegetarian dishes, and other small dishes.

Service:
Fast and friendly.  And the place is clean, which is definitely more than you can say for most restaurants in the area.

Price:
Cheap, and the food is still delicious!!
What a tasty surprise! 

My boyfriend and I were visiting Philly for a beer tour, so afterwards we decided to explore Reading Terminal Market. It wasn't our first time there, but it was our first time dining with Sang Kee Peking Duck. 

We ordered the peking duck with fried rice and ate it when we got back to our hotel. It was so flavorful!! The duck skin wasn't as crispy as anticipated, but the broth they poured over the duck was worth it.  We'll definitely be back whenever we visit Philly!
Stopped by here on my way out of the reading terminal and I wished I found it earlier! Unfortunately I already ate so I couldn't try their dishes but I got 1/2lb of peking duck and it was ahmaaazing. Their duck is so tender and the sauce they put on top of it makes it to die for. I wish I bought more so I could bring it home!! I also like that he literally chopped the duck up right in front of me (:
I had sesame chicken like no other sesame chicken. It wasn't all MSG gooey syrup that overwhelms the chicken. I actually tasted the chicken!
And to think I was worried about choosing something I could get anywhere. 

I also got a shrimp and chicken eggs roll. Not a combo I would've guessed would be so good. 

I know reading terminal is surrounded by Asian cuisine so you may think "why every go inside?"  

Or like me I feel like there are so many choices it can be overwhelming just lIke gooey MSG sauce. However if a place sucked I don't think it could last in the market. So you have that going for you while considering your options.
I got the chicken dumplings and was impressed. The prices are all super reasonable and staff are friendly and willing to make adjustments to the food if you need them. 

You can eat there at a casual counter (you don't have to tip) or take it to go! Fast, easy, and great food. Chicken dumplings just $5.75 for 6 large dumplings.
The duck plate i got was mostly bones and fat.  I practically just had a plate of rice to eat!
I was Walking around readings terminal waiting for something unique to catch my eye. This is totally my scene. Foods in every ethnicity prepared fresh at my finger tips. Of course there's the signature philly cheese steaks from carmens. Pizza and pastas to fill a carb load craving, but this is the opportunity to try something new. I was craving something warm and salty. I was thinking maybe Asian cuisine? Then I saw a women enjoying a big bowl of wonton soup and I knew what I was going to order. I went to the chef and ordered straight to him. Duck wonton soup. He started filling up the bowl with fresh boiled ramen and veggies. Then the duck and lastly the broth. He moved in a rhythmic way knowing step by step the best way to serve this dish. It seemed like I blinked and the order was ready. I took my first bite of ramen and was filled with satisfaction. I could drink gallons of the broth. Perfectly seasoned and just the right amount of salt. The duck was tender and flavorful. The wontons were authentic, handmade with real shrimp chunks packed inside. The only thing I have to criticize is the duck because it was served with the bone still in. So I had to work a little to remove the bones from the meat. In a soup I feel as though bones should be removed. $11.50 for a huge bowl of goodness... count me in. It was so big you could share it amongst two people. A delicious meal I could only get eating out.
