My friend found a piece of glass in her rice here. When she talked to the waiter about it, he was very rude. The first thing he said was "I don't know." When she asked to talk to the manager, he told her to go get the manager herself. She was very upset; I was afraid she would yell at the guy. LOL. The manager ended up paying for the meal for us. But before we left, another waiter told us that we had to pay tip in a very rude manner. In the end, yes, we felt pressured to give tip. We understand that accidents happen, but don't be rude to us about it. 

Not once did anyone apologize to us for the glass in their food.
came here for dinner tonight with a friend because of their awesome 50% off summer special. if you can prove that you live, work, or go to school in the philly area, you can get 50% off your meal for you and a friend. 

i got a big bowl of noodles (normally $7 which is already cheap) for only $3.50. WHAT IN THE WORLD. i felt like i was robbing the place.

you can see their website for more details about which days you qualify for 50% off and what kind of ID you need to bring to prove it. i believe the special only covers their regular menu and not any of their pre-existing specials. but still, what an awesome deal! all the more reason to give them 4 stars. the deal only lasts til the end of august, so go while there's still time!

thank you sang kee for making it more affordable to eat out on a student's budget.
I've read a couple reviews before writing mine... I guess I have low expectations on Chinese joints....because I was totally cool with this place! (even with slightly rusted thermo bottle that was served with my jasmine tea for a hot water refill)

First, I was very impressed with the cleanliness of the restaurant in the first impression. This alone gets like 2 stars. I never drink tap water at Chinese restaurants...but this wasn't one of the shady ones. Totally safe.

Second, the chive dumplings - steamed. Hands down. GET IT.

Between the two of us, we tried the chive dumplings, juicy buns(soup dumplings), mushroom dumplings, pork dumplings, veg spring rolls, seaweed salad(your good old neon green ones from a standard Japanese restaurant), curry chicken noodle soup, roasted duck noodle soup. ZOMG that was a lot of food!!! We over-ordered because it was a weekend brunch - meaning Sangkee had a dimsum menu available! Yay!! And of course, we were super duper hungry. In result, we ended up taking home about 60% of the food we ordered...totalfail.

But the bill was around $39 and I was happy to sample all these different dumplings. They have extensive list of noodles which you can choose with the choice of the soup. I'd go again. Mos Def.
We have now eaten here 3 times, so I've been delinquent in writing a review. Located outside of Philly Chinatown (impossible to park in Chinatown!), close to the Drexel and U of Penn campuses, it is surprising to find an authentic Chinese restaurant connected to a hotel.  

Today, we had pork belly, Singapore noodles, and a ho fun noodle. All were good, but pork belly was outstanding! Tender and flavorful. 

A couple notes about service. You know it is an authentic restaurant when they offer two pitchers of water, one with ice water and one with hot water.  Also the host observed that I was blowing my nose and kindly brought over a box of tissues. 

On the minus side, note they offer dim sum, but the pricing is really high, like 25% higher than normal. We didn't try the dim sum.
The food is SO GOOD.
I went in with a few friends expecting to utilize the UCity dining days menu, but the regular menu was much more appealing. 

I got the seafood rice bowl with cheese. Cheese?! Yes. And it was awesome.

The service, however, is seriously lacking. Dislike.
5 things-
1) Horrific customer service. Anyone who has had experiences in the Hospitality industry can say that Sang Kee's service just lacks . Their greetings are NOT "How are you? And what may I get for you?" but are "What do you want?" In a pissed-off decadence. 
2) DO NOT HAVE DIM SUM HERE. They use frozen Bean Buns (and other frozen dim sum food). If I wanted that I could have bought them myself from Chinatown. 
3) food quality declined significantly throughout the years... :(
4) DIRTY FILTHY floor. You don't want to know how disgusting their kitchen is. 
5) servers are extremely IMPATIENT if you want to take time and make sure they got your orders correct.

Please do yourself a favor, go to the Sang Kee in Chinatown. Not this one.
I've been to this restaurant four times already, and it honestly varies all the time.

The first time I came to this restaurant, I ordered the Soup Dumplings as well as the Dan Dan Noodle. The Soup Dumplings honestly tasted like the store bought ones while the Dan Dan Noodles were a mix of noodles and hot sauce.

The second time I went, I tried many different options from the dim sum to the fish. Their fish was really nicely cooked, and their beef noodle soup was also really good. Some of their portions for dimsum are really small, but the actual dishes have huge portions. This time was a good experience.

The third and fourth time, I ordered the string beans as well as a beef option. They were both decently cooked, and the portions were pretty nice. It was mainly just the first experience that was bad, but it's improved ever since. The size of the restaurant is nice, and it's conveniently located under the Sheraton.
I stayed at the Sheraton in University City and met up with a friend for breakfast at Sang Kee. This is going to be a short review since their breakfast options are limited. 

Their Chinese menu is limited during breakfast. They mostly cater to Sheraton patrons, so not surprisingly their breakfast menu consists of continental breakfast items. 

I was craving Chinese, so I ordered from their Chinese menu. For breakfast, Sang Kee Noodle House only has a few dishes to choose from. Mainly a choice between Pork and Century Egg Rice Congee or Wonton Noodle Soup with a side of dough fritters. 

I ended up ordering the congee with dough fritter and it was good. Congee is one of those Chinese comfort foods and it really hit the spot. I would have enjoyed larger pieces of egg and pork, but that's not a huge deal.
 
The dough fritter was also a little bit too oily and hard. They also did not have any red vinegar, hot chili sauce or pepper readily available (common congee condiments).
 
I would go back to try their regular Chinese menu, but would not return for breakfast.
The food was simply just plain old gross.  Wow - beyond gross.  It lacked flavor, any soul, and made me throw up afterwards.  Yes I threw up all over the Market Street Bridge. My body rejected the bowel destroying menace that is known as Sang Kee Noodle House.

Please save yourself and run the other way.

How this place gets good reviews is beyond me.
As an avid Hong Kong cuisine hunter, I know a good place when I see one.

This restaurant has authentic Hong Kong and Taiwanese dishes at an extremely reasonable price and portions that cannot be beat.

Once seated, you're given a plate of tangy and sweet "kimchi" similar to a Hong Kong restaurant. This is to help clean the palate before you are served the main entrée. 

For the entrée, I ordered the pork belly, roasted duck, and olive cooked AA (a Taiwanese vegetable), and spicy chicken 口水雞。

As an appetizer, I ordered the veggie and pork bone soup. The soup was loaded with sweet bok choy and pork shank with Chinese dried almonds. The soup was sweet and savory with a hint of porkiness fragrance. The most similar comparison I would make is that of a sweet and porky Italian wedding soup.

The overall architecture design of the restaurant is practicality with Asian flair. It definitely won't win any best design award, but the place is a hundred times cleaner than any Chinatown restaurant which says a lot.

I'm a huge pork fan and whenever I visit, the pork belly is a MUST! This dish is marinated meat on steroids. The block of pork belly is cut and slowly marinated in sweet soy sauce and Asian herbs for hours. The result is a smooth and creamy "melt-in-your-mouth" fattiness with strands of super tender pulled pork bites.

The AA veggies are crunchy and savory with a hint of salted olives. It complements the pork belly very well especially since the pork belly leans a bit on the heavy side of the palate.

The fried shrimp dumplings and chicken are incredibly crispy, savory, sweet, and piping hot. The shrimp juice bursts in your mouth when you bite into it, pair this with the sweet and sour sauce and you have the ultimate taste bud champion.

The miso spare ribs is probably one of their more creative dishes. The spare ribs fall off the bones and the miso flavor is very distinct. I recommend giving this a try!

The spicy kidney slices gives a good bit of kick and it's ideal for people who are tolerant of spicy food. The hot peppers are stir fried until fragrant and then mixed with oil, then the kidney are sliced about 1/4 inch thin and stir fried until it's drenched in hot pepper oil.

The spicy chicken is spicy and salty, it's incredibly salty but full of flavor and it's impossible to eat just one. The sauce is perfect when mixed with white rice. 

The roasted duck is beautifully roasted with a crispy skin and soft duck meat. The underside of each piece of duck is marinated in a salty paste to give the duck a savory flavor. The dish is heaven on earth and one of the many reasons why I could never be a vegetarian. 

Overall, the dishes are beautifully cooked, reasonably priced, and authentically worth every bite. If you haven't had roasted duck or pork belly in your life, you're missing out!!!
Wow was this place good!!
My sister bought a groupon for this place and decided to try it out on me.  When we got there, I was worried about parking but it wasn't a problem at all!  Then we got in and it was a beautiful setting. Nice music. Great view. Big windows.   Their menu was huge too.  But I was concerned that with such a huge menu, they would just be okay. But I was wrong- and happy to be wrong.  I got this pork rice bowl that was absolutely amazing.  Pork was cooked perfectly and in this sauce that was to die for. Whatever vegetables they decided to use tasted amazing too. Definitely not oily at all either which was good for me. 
The edamame was great and the dim sum sampler was good too. I couldn't even begin to try to pronounce or spell what my sister had but it was amazing too. This place was a great find. And very inexpensive!  Definitely a place to visit.  I know we will be back!
I went here a couple weeks ago with my girlfriend and friend for dinner. Service was horrible. Took at least 15 minutes to get any order in. Then we finally ordered our food. Everything came out in the wrong order. They brought out our entrees first, then our appetizers, then our drinks. We ordered the Flounder with walnut and sauce, but they brought out the shrimp. We returned it and they did it again! We couldn't take it because my friend is allergic to shellfish. So then they brought out the shrimp again. I told the waiter, he argued with me it was not shrimp.  So they took that back, and we waited a good 15-20 more minutes, and decided to cancel it. Then the waiter brought our check out, and they charged us for the shrimp twice! I am not sure if I will go back again.
Honestly, Sang Kee is a great spot to grab a meal. I used to take my mother out to eat here all the time when I was in Philly. 

If you enjoy pad thai, they have a great one. Also, a great thai iced tea. 

It's an enjoyable dine-in spot! Great service and ambience. I have had take-out from here, but this is a nice place to sit and enjoy your meal.
I feel pretty conflicting writing a review for Sang Kee's Noodle House right after yelping their Duck House.  

I've been here about three times on separate occasions.  And I have to say, I thought the place was pretty good for a Chinese restaurant in U City.  HOWEVER, everyone who I have brought to dine here, thought it was disappointing or not that good.  

Personally though, I thought the portions were generous.  I've gotten the rice bowls (I forget what exactly they were called) with beef and vegetables - which I thought was decent.  When my friend tried it though, he thought it was too "authentically Chinese" (whatever that means), but I guess for a classier casual restaurant this was a little too "home style." 

I also tried their beef tenderloin noodle soup, which came in a HUGE bowl.  Of course I never got to finish it all, but I tried my best picking the meat and noodles, both of which were given in decent amounts.  

Overall, I would give it a 3.5.  0.5 off for the atmosphere and service, which could be not so pleasant during lunch and dinner times.  The room is also densely packed, but this is a little unappetizing when you hear the woman next to you complaining about her bad service.  Very convenient for those who are roaming around in the area often or casual luncheon - definitely beats Pod and such in terms of price and quantity.

Good luck!
One of the perks about being in a lab, is the occasional lab lunch that occurs at a nice restaurant for a departing lab member.  

Sangkee Noodle House was selected as my lab mates are big fans of Asian food.  This place just opened up a few weeks ago, and has a 50% coupon special on their website, to drive up business.

I went with the lunch special ($9)- hot tea, chicken with mixed vegetables, vegetable spring rolls and white rice.  The food was quite tasty and most of my lab mates were big fans of their food selections.

Only really complaint was the service.  Waitress was a little on the rude side (probably since it was a frenetic day) and the food delivery was pretty slow. We had to wait a while for the lunch specials, while other plates came pretty quick (soups).

Overall not a bad place and I imagine their service should improve soon.
Ordered some food for delivery last night. Chicken Spring Roll, Pad Thai, and a Thai Iced Tea. Chicken Spring roll was fine, though a bit dry, and it didn't come with any dipping sauce. Thai Iced tea was also fine, though had a very strange sweet floral aftertaste. The pad thai, though, was the real show-stealer. First thing I noted was the complete lack of vegetables. Only thing in there was noodles, chicken, and mushy green bell peppers. The chicken looked/tasted like styrofoam. And the sauce throughout the dish tasted and smelled like a weird mix of ketchup and Sriracha. It was truly the most disgusting food I have ever tasted. I couldn't bring myself to eat more than 2 bites before throwing the whole plate in the trash.Couple this with the SIX DOLLAR delivery charge and I can guarantee I will NEVER be back.
Ugh.....I'm not gonna lie....I was sorely disappointed when I came here expecting delicious noodles and tapioca milk tea and did not get either!  First off, why would you list tapioca under your drink options if you decided to no longer serve it?!?!?!?!? The server literally said, "we don't have tapioca because it's too fat."  And then, for a restaurant to have the word "Noodle House" in its name, one would expect glorious noodles, right? TOTALLY WRONG!  I ordered dan dan noodles and it was pretty awful (it tasted oddly peanutbutter-y and the noodles were mushy and overcooked).  

I will say that the location is pretty convenient (especially if you're staying at the Sheraton University City) and some of their other dishes were okay.  The Shanghai juicy buns were tasty enough, but not much broth in the dumplings and the spicy pork belly was prepared well.  Overall, I probably wouldn't come back...
Finally, good Chinese food in University City!  We tried the lunch specials, and they were excellent -- fresh and delicious dishes and only a few dollars more than hitting a food cart.  There are lots of vegetarian dishes on the menu, and most of them are tofu and veggies instead of fake meat (what is up with all the fake-meat Chinese places in Philly?).  The five-spice tofu with chives was particularly good.  

The one downside was that dishes marked spicy weren't even a tiny bit hot.  We actually ended up requesting hot sauce, and I saw other tables doing the same.
Our dishes were given to the table next to us.When they found the mistakes, they just took the dishes back and gave to us in a few seconds pretending that nothing happened, and did not even try to explain. But in fact we could definitely recognize whether the dishes were newly cooked or not, and we were pretty sure that they just gave those on the wrong table back to us. As a loyal customer for more than 4 years. I felt so disgusting for this dishonest. They deserve an extreme bad feed back to remind them of the basic respect to their customers and to help them learn to be honest which they have lost.

总结一句，这家店竟然把错放在我们旁边桌上至少五分钟的菜，在我们眼前直接拿到厨房走一圈，连热都不热一下就直接再端给我们。。。毫无歉意和诚信可言。。。大家以后在此吃饭多小心。。。
I had to write an update after trying a totally different style of dishes tonight.

For this visit, we opted for a more modern Asian cuisine and was very impressed with the quality, quantity, and service.

The first dish we ordered was the pork belly wrapped with steam buns. My family devoured the entire thing before I can take a picture, but one taste and you'll know why! The buns were light and fluffy, the pork belly was so soft (like eating marshmallows), and they added a squirt of spicy sirarcha mayo on it. If pigs were made of clouds, this is what they would taste like.

Next comes the garlicy crusted short ribs. The outside was glazed with a layer of smokey garlic, the inside was savory and tender meat that yields with a gentle tear. The meat was perfectly marinated with a touch of sweetness that I couldn't pinpoint. This is better than Korean short ribs IMHO because it had more complex flavors with the garlic, soy sauce, and some sweet sauce...perhaps honey.

Then comes the spicy pork belly with cabbages. I'm in love with the fragrant chili oil and the creaminess of the pork belly. The chili oil gives the pork a nice peppery smell without killing my taste buds. The fatty skin of the pork has a nice chewy texture, the meat of the pork is lean. This is the Asian version of bacon and makes the perfect sidekick to a bowl of white rice.

Last but not least, we tried the salt and pepper shrimp and was amazed at the simplicity but complex flavors of this dish. The shrimp was pan fried with a layer of tempura breading with garlic, five spices (I think), salt, and pepper. The shrimp was springy and juicy, the breading had sprinkles of five spice, shallots, and garlic. The result is a symphony of spices that tickles every part of my tongue. 

Overall, I'm truly impressed with this place and quite shocked that it only had three stars. Unlike other Chinese restaurants in Philly, I didn't hurry to chug a quart of water from the MSG. If you're looking for a clean, reasonably priced Asian restaurant, this is it!
A noodle house in University City - great! I've never been to the Chinatown location, so wasn't sure what to expect. I can with a small group on Sunday night, and was suprised at how full the restaurant was - and not just with college students. They must be reaping the benefits of the Sheraton. 

My rating might be higher if they had more vegetarian option - really there are just two. I ordered the egg noodle soup and, with some begging, got three vegetable dumplings added. The noodles were fine but the broth was weak - I added a LOT of siracha. And the only vegetable you get is bok choy. An egg would have added a lot to this soup, and maybe some carrots or peppers. 

A friend had the Tom Yum soup, which he loved, but three other people at the table felt the food was just "meh." We had a really grumpy older waiter, when who he messed up our order (he put in a hot and sour soup instead of a salad) got angry at us for not wanting the soup, and rolled his eyes in a very distinct manner. Lucky for us, he didn't want to deal with us any more, and our new waiter (a young smiley guy) was a huge improvement. He suggested the ice cream sampler platter (green tea, coconut, ginger and red bean) which was beautifully presented, delicious, and only $5. 

With our unordered hot and sour soup still on the menu, the new waiter was very accommodating and took it off the bill as soon as we brought his attention to it. In the end, with appetizers and dessert, we paid just over $10 a person - definitely a deal!
My friends and I went here this week because one thought it was ridiculous that I had never eaten here before.  Fortunately I was not disappointed. 

I was skeptical - a Chinese food joint that tries to do other asian cuisines can truly be hit or miss.  That being said, I was warned not to order anything but Chinese food.  Apparently their Thai and Korean dishes aren't good at all.  

I ordered the roast pork egg noodle soup with vegetables.  I was told that this soup is prepared very authentcally and is probably the best thing on the menu.  It was delicious!  For $6 it was loaded with big pieces of pork, lots of egg noodles, and lots of bright green, crisp broccoli rabe.  It felt like I was eating a comforting homemade soup and not something loaded with fat and MSG.  There was so much of it that I could only finish half of it.  Of course, that could be because of the banana and strawberry smoothies I had with it....  

Definitely check out this place, but be wary of what you order. Also, be patient; the service is kind of slow (and hence the 3 stars instead of 4).
I had the pork egg noodle soup. It was incredibly delicious and I felt like every time I put my spoon in the bowl I found more food. The soup was filling and the pork was had fantastic flavor and cooked to perfection. The service was helpful courteous and fast despite the coming snow storm that caused threatened to close the restaurant. Would return again.
5 things-
1) Horrific customer service. Anyone who has had experiences in the Hospitality industry can say that Sang Kee has ZERO training in service. Their greetings are NOT "How are you? And what may I get for you?" but are "What do you want?" In a pissed-off decadence. 
2) DO NOT HAVE DIM SUM HERE. They use frozen Bean Buns (and other frozen dim sum food). If I wanted that I could have bought them myself from Chinatown. 
3) food quality declined significantly throughout the years... :(
4) DIRTY FILTHY floor. You don't want to know how disgusting their kitchen is. 
5) servers are extremely IMPATIENT if you want to take time and make sure they got your orders correct.

Please do yourself a favor, go to the Sang Kee in Chinatown. Not this one.
Lady waitress was very rude she mess up our order so bad. She has absolutely has no customer service skill or was never taught. 
I have been going to sang kee in center city for over 20 some plus years and always though highly of their food and service. This one in university city probably under different management from the one in the center city location. When I'm in town I will drive extra 15 minutes to center city location instead of this one I will never go back to this location again I just can not put up with very rude waitress.
Not a fan. I dined at the Chinatown location years ago and also wasn't impressed. There's many other great places to eat at if you're craving a tasty Asian meal. 

I got the lunch box special. Rice, chicken, soup for $12

The rice had an odd flavor. The chicken wasn't at all appetizing. It was covered in burnt - black garlic.. awful texture and the sauce was so off. The wonton soup was even worse :( the moment I open the container is smelled like a fish market on a hot summer day.. beyond fishy, not fresh at all. 

Was starving and was looking forward to my nice lunch but oh well..
This was a staple during my 4 years at Penn, especially around exam times or when I just needed some comfort food. It's a solid place to go - you just have to know what to expect.

Quick points:
- Don't expect anything fancy - but it's clean and the space inside is relatively large so you're not crammed in between other diners
- Servers aren't going to ask you about your day - but they're quick to take your order and quick to bring you your food/check/water/etc
- One thing that annoys me is it's slightly overpriced, especially compared to the original Chinatown location for the exact same food/drink - but you have to remember that you're in the restaurant desert that is University City and it must be expensive to rent the place in the Sheraton
- Ordering for delivery takes FOREVER like 60+ minutes (and costs $6 extra) so just pick it up instead - only takes 10-15 minutes usually!

Food:
- Braised beef egg noodle soup/or just as good with udon noodles - the ultimate comfort food!! I like the duck one too but sometimes the pieces of duck come out slightly soggy, whereas I've never had a bad experience with the braised beef one. Also don't be afraid to order this as take out, unlike other Chinese places, they separate the soup base from the noodle/beef/veggies so they won't get soggy while waiting for your consumption
- Lemon grass chicken rice bowl or duck rice bowl - super simple dishes (just some rice, bok choy, and meat) but both equally satisfying when you're super hungry
- Singapore noodle - huge portion of soft egg noodle with shrimp and an egg on top - lots of flavor and my absolute favorite noodle dish at Sangkee
- The Hawaii Five-O is my fave smoothie! Not a huge fan of their bubble tea since I've experienced massive inconsistency in the bubbles
If you love you some giant Udon noodles in a giant bowl of perfectly seasoned, lightly flavored chicken broth with some Chinese broccoli, Sang Kee is your place. Throw some Asian seasoned, moist, and not-so-fatty duck on top, and you've got yourself a dish pretty damn close to authentic daily Chinese fare.
Amazing food and great service! I came here with my family for Chinese New Years dinner. Right now they are offering a New Years special menu but of course you can always order a la carte.

I don't exactly remember the name of the dishes in English lol but I'll just tell you it was good! Some of my photos looks like the food is missing because my family already started eating.. it was kind of hard taking a photo.
Had dinner here recently and was just not impressed.  I've been to the Duck House in Chinatown and had a much better experience.

Here, me and the pops ordered scallion pancakes and the five spice calamari to start.  For entrees, I got the roast duck noodles and he got roast pork soup noodles.

Starting with the scallion pancakes.  I don't want to sound snobby..but I've had better frozen scallion pancakes.  These weren't crispy enough...really nothing to write home about.

The calamari...ehh...  They looked like overbattered onion rings.  It was like a 3:1 ratio of batter to calamari and the batter itself wasn't very flavorful.  Only could taste a very slight hint of five spice, if even.  The best part of this appetizer?  The chopped peppers and onions which lined the bottom of the plate.

The noodles I got weren't necessarily terrible, but they tasted just like your typical run of the mill take out lo mein.  Only difference?  I had duck with mine.  So if you like take out lo mein, you'll probably enjoy this.

I tried some of the soup noodles and it was also lacking.  The soup itself was fairly bland and tasted watered down.

If you're accustomed and enjoy take out style Chinese food, then you'll most likely enjoy this place.  If you're looking for authenticity, you won't find it here.
I often come to Sang Kee Noodle House with my Asian friends, because I work in University City and there are only a few Chinese restaurants in this area. Han Dynasty is my personal top choice, but this is the alternative choice when there are people in our group can't eat spicy food. 

Having been visiting here fore 3+ years, I feel the food quality and service are running down. I like other locations run by Sang Kee more than this one, such as the bistro near Ardmore https://www.yelp.com/biz/sang-kee-asian-bistro-wynnewood  and their new dim sum & noodle dinner https://www.yelp.com/biz/dim-sum-and-noodle-philadelphia

The stars are for their lunch special boxes ($11-$14), allowing me to choose a few small-portion Asian dishes at a reasonable price, also for their good selection of Cantonese or Taiwanese noodle bowls.

On the other side, the dim sum here is so-so and lacks variety, and most of the dishes here are far from authentic. It's heavily-sauced American Chinese food rather than authentic Cantonese dishes. In general, the dishes here are over-priced given the quality of food.
My boyfriend and I were craving some Asian noodle soup, but we didn't want to go through the hassle of going to chinatown philadelphia.. so we decided to try this place out. I hate to criticize how food tastes, but I can honestly say I think the noodles and chicken they served me were not so-fresh and it had an odd smell to it. I only took a few bites before deciding not to eat the noodle soup. I agree with others, the soup was just too bland and the only thing I could taste was the weird flavored chicken and old noodles.. 

This review is only based on one visit - so I probably would give this place another chance.. Until then i'll just take myself to chinatown if I want some real delicious noodle soup and meats.
For our one foray into University City Dining Days this year, we selected Sang Kee Noodle House...without checking Yelp first. Now a three star rating does not make or break a place - my favorite bar in the city is at a 3. But I'm sorry to say we had more of a 2 star experience.

We arrived and were seated immediately. Following that, it took us about 10 minutes to get menus, water and silverware. And another 10 to get our order taken. We did the prix fixe for the dining days, which amounted to 2 appetizers, 2 entrees and 2 desserts. The appetizers were the best part of the meal. We got the the duck spring rolls and fried dumplings. The plum sauce was a nice touch with the dumplings.

For dinner, we ordered the spare ribs and chicken with crispy string beans. The ribs were tough and hard to eat. The chicken was not bad, but had very little flavor. Both came with rice, which I thought was best with the bok choy and sauce that came with the ribs. Dessert wasn't bad, just small and not memorable. I had an unimpressive fruit cup.

To top off the so-so service and alright food, the restaurant seemed unsanitary. I won't divulge everything, but we didn't get a good impression when we were there. Sorry, Sang Kee, this location didn't do it for me.
I was surprised to see it so packed during lunch.  I got the roasted pork egg noodle soup.  I was disappointed to see they used the really thin stringy egg noodles that clump into a ball.  The roasted pork was really dry, even in the broth.  The broth itself wasn't too bad, not too salty so that's a plus.  The servers are efficient but I still think the food in the Chinatown one tastes better. 

The prices also seem higher in University City but at least they take credit cards here. I'd probably just stick to the one in Chinatown.
It could have been an off night, but the roast duck I had for takeout a few weeks ago was terrible. Small, unappealing pieces that look nothing like some of the other photos Yelpers have of the same item. Unfortunately, even the rice tasted better than my duck and I was left starving after my meal.

While my experience with Sang Kee is not extensive, it tasted so bad that I won't come back. If you're staying in the hotel portion, there are many options very close by (Pod and Han Dynasty on the higher end, Koreana on the lower) that I'd recommend before this. If you're really stuck, Wawa (across the street) is a small convenience store that offers soft pretzels.
So my parents owned a mini chain of Chinese restaurants so my standards pretty high.  Their customer service could use some polishing. They are very... brusque.  I went there for the first time as a dine in.  The server was not the most attentive.  Then, I got take out.  I was poorly greeted, by a 'What you want' vs. 'How are you.'  I sat down in one of the spare chairs next to a table and the lady rudely told me to not sit there  because there was a table coming in.  There was no one there yet... and I wasn't sitting an an actual table...

DO NOT get the soup dumplings (xiao long bao).  They are NOT soup dumplings and these guys either A. don't know how to make it, or B. don't know what it is.  Soup dumplings, if made correctly, you eat it on a soup spoon and when you bite into it, broth comes out.  At Sang Kee...? Dry as a desert.   

The lemongrass chicken noodle soup was also no good.  First of all, there is no lemongrass in it.  Second, they fry the chicken.  See the problem with putting fried chicken in soup?  It gets soggy and the breading starts peeling off.  

Salt-pepper squid... a little mushy.  But to be fair, nothing beats your on mom's XYZ.  Also, be careful when you get soup for takeout.  They pierce a hole on the lid so steam can escape, but make the mistake like I did thinking it'd be okay to be shoved into your backpack because you assumed the container was sealed.  This is something they need to warn their patrons about, as some people do drive and I am sure many of us have had the experience of a bag tipping over while we're driving and the contents avalanche all over the place.
One of the best dining experiences I've had in University city. Like mentioned in many of my reviews, I am very weary of restaurants in college towns, they tend to care less about quality and services. At Sang Kee however, the service was beyond excellent. I felt very welcomed since my first step into the door. I also noticed that the service kept up entire time, not only at my table but for everyone around us. We ordered half a Peking duck, shrimp wonton soup, steamed bass with ginger and scallion, mapo tofu and crunchy tofu in xo sauce.

The food came out pretty quickly. The wonton soup was great, it was light but had flavors, the wonton themselves were packed with shrimps and pork. The Peking duck came next. It was really amazing, the seasoning really penetrated through the meat. I did wanted the skin to be a tad crispier. The crunchy tofu was my favorite. It was stir fried with minced pork, adding a rich, salty taste to the tofu. The steamed ginger fish was also great, light and fresh. They had a special going on so it was 14 dollars instead of the usual 24! The only dish I had a small complaint with was the mapo tofu. While the tofu was really fresh and I love the chunks of minced pork in there, the sauce lacked salt, it was very light. 

I could've given this a four star with the food and service combined but the owner, Micheal came out to check on us. There is such care and attention he pays to his customers that really touched me. In this crazy business world, money seems to be the only thing that matters. It's rare to meet an individual who goes beyond that. He checked on us and gave us complementary deserts. The sweet rice soup with sesame was amazing. Micheal was nice enough to give us a small history behind the dish, which only made it better. The sweet soup had a really refreshing ginger after taste that clears up your throat. The rice balls were soft with this very decadent black sesame sweet filling. It's a very simple desert that was extremely satisfying. 

This, is how a business should be! Thanks to excellent customer service and attention to details, this place earn a 5 stars from me. I hope the business keeps up this level of excellence. If you're in university city, this is one of best spots to visit.
If you want the 'worst' asian food from the most pretencious Asian-american staff, head to the Sang Kee Noodle house. The food was cold and untasty...and I thought they was real chinese folks...I could tell if they was chinese, japanese, korean or thai...and yes it matters. Not too much else I can tell you except that this was a bad deal.
I ordered the shanghai dumpling and regret it so much afterwards. It was hard! Extra chewy, it's like they microwave it and put it in a steamer plate. It taste the same as the frozen ones I bought from the frozen aisle in Asian supermarket. 8 pieces here cost $6.50 and for half that price you can get the same thing from an Asian market.

Don't come here for Chinese food, you can do better with your time and money.
Food was just okay compared to other Chinese or Thai restaurant. I met with my old friend an wanted to spend some good time together but all was ruined. A middle age lady served us. She first came when we greeted each other so we told her to give us more time. She came back in just 1 minute and said if we were ready to order! We said again to give more time but it was rude. Worst thing happen when we almost finished our dinner. The lady came twice and asked if we were finished without any smile. We were literally rushed. I did not even want to pay a tip but it was already included when I got the bill. There are tons of kind and nice restaurants around Penn. I do not to go back to this place...
I used to love to come here a few years ago, as I thought the food was the "most authentic" chinese food near UCity. Perhaps this is still true and some dishes are more tasty, but the last two times I ordered bulgogi and chow fun and was sorely disappointed.

Do not order bulgogi at a self-proclaimed chinese restaurant. The bowl was very small, with very bland meat and sauces. The chow fun that I ordered for take out was the greasiest I have ever had, and I couldn't even finish more than 1/5 of the dish before feeling sick greasy. The dish was also comprised of 99% noodles and very little vegetables or meat. Finally, the prices are very high for the quality of food, although I suppose they have to account for high rent costs as they are connected to the Sheraton hotel.

For my friend's birthday dinner, we sat in a secret room in the back, and it was really nice having our own room where we sat at a circular table and seemed more intimate. Our waiter was extremely impatient and rude, and often mixed up our orders.
I came here a few times during its grand opening week because they were giving out some crazy discounts.

I have to say, the place was incredibly busy but they managed to do an adequate job with service. The restaurant itself is large and bright, simply decorated and clean.

As for the food, we ordered a little bit of everything (because of the discounts). Standouts are the Singapore noodles and the flounder in spicy sauce (or something like that) because they've got a really good kick to them. The walnut shrimp here is also really, really good. Everything else is standard and pretty yummy, but nothing that I'd really fiend for.

The fruit smoothies they have are also really good. Fried ice cream is a little different here - not fried in tempura batter, but rather rolled in something like granola or oatmeal. So it's a little sweeter and heavier.

Not a bad place for a casual lunch or dinner.
I came for dim sum, and the food was super mediocre. I'd suggest traveling to Chinatown for cheaper dim sum that tastes better. I had the pan fried turnip cakes (a staple), which were of good consistency. I also ordered their siu mai, which were pretty standard fare as well.

Then I remember ordering steamed dumplings (3), which were actually undercooked. Maybe the dumplings had freezer burn or something, but the dough was dry and not steamed through at all (for all three dumplings). I asked my waiter about the dumplings, so he nicely offered to get me another dish, and the manager actually came out to apologize and remove it from my check. I was thankful for his courtesy, but when the dumplings came out, they still were undercooked. I didn't want to complain about anything, so I ended up leaving them partially uneaten.

A friend of mine ordered some noodle or rice dish, and there were no complaints from the other end of the table. Sangkee usually has pretty good food, but their dim sum is par or sub par.
Gina M. and I went here with a groupon, and we will definitely go back without one.  It was a very enjoyable experience.
The menu has a lot going on, but I went with the crowd favorite, beef chow fun.  Wow was that delicious.  I've never had chow fun before so my basis for comparison is nil, but it was amazeballs.  I have caught myself daydreaming about it a few times since.
I wasn't entirely impressed with the dim sum sampler.  I found the dumplings to be a little bland and sweaty.  But live and learn, that's what I say.  
In addition to delicious noodles, parking was easy, service was fast & friendly, and the ambiance was cool.  I will be back!
DISCLAIMER:  I've given this place more than its fair share of chances and it's disappointed me each and every time.

So the latest outing was the same old story.  Maybe I just have bad luck with choosing dishes here, but I went with the Mei Fun noodles (beef) with black pepper sauce.  INCREDIBLY bland.  Only one other time have I had a dish so bland at a restaurant.  Coincidentally it was also at this Sang Kee.  To their credit, there are some decent dishes.  But I've seemed to miss more times than I've hit.  The bar staff is also completely incompetent.  The entire restaurant was only about 35% full at the time of my meal, yet it took them more than 30 minutes to bring me a BOTTLED beer.  And believe me, I asked more than once where it was.  I was already halfway done eating by the time it arrived.

Note:  they decided it was a good time to clean their bathrooms around 10:00pm.  So if you're eating around this time and need to pee, you're SOL.  The adjacent hotel apparently locks their bathrooms after a certain time as well.
I live near this place and have been wanting to try it for a while, but have always been wary of doing so. Never again will I go here. I honestly cannot understand why it's crowded all the time.

1) They microwaved our food - from where we were sitting we could see everything that was going on at the waiter's station. My friend, who graciously decided to give this place a second try, ordered a rice bowl. We both saw them take the bowl out of a fridge - veggies, rice, and chicken in all - and put in the microwave before bringing it out to her. Unacceptable.

2) I had to wait 10 minutes for my food to come out after my friend had ordered hers. Unacceptable.

3) The serving staff was eating right near the cash register and where the customer's food is served - if you're working at a restaurant, you should be taking a break to eat and should be doing it out of the sight of customers. Unacceptable.

4) The price we both had to pay for the food was absolutely not worth it. We were contemplating ordering Chinese take out, and after our meal realized we could have gotten much more for our money and a better quality.

5) The food was nothing special. I could have made better fried rice at home. The chicken was so bland and I'm pretty sure the vegetables in the fried rice were from a frozen bag. Meh.

Anything that comes out in 2 minutes should be a red flag. I prefer quality over speed on most occasions. Service was so-so and no one refilled my water. There are definitely better places in University City to get the same type of food - such as Lemon Grass and Koreana to name a few. Even some of the lunch trucks are better.
This place is not bad. I came for dinner with a large group a while back, and they are very accommodating. 

We ordered something called their four treasures stir fry (or a name similar to that). Honestly, I don't think it was very good, but my friend swears by it (but then again, he likes Panda Express.. So that's not saying much). It was the epitome of Americanized Chinese food.

What I did like was the crispy chicken. We got at least half a chicken, and it's served with salt and pepper. Definitely reminds me of my days working in Hong Kong. In fact, this place is a cantonese restaurant, offering many canto dishes, which is very welcoming when it seems that every other Chinese restaurant has become Szechuan style.

They have dimsum on the weekends, which I would like to try!
This place is located deceptively inside a Sheraton, but it's clientele is pretty low-key and the prices are reasonable (not any more than Beijing on Spruce St. and higher quality).  I like the seafood pan-fried noodles; the squid is soft and the noodles are not too hard if you let them sit in the hot starchy sauce for a bit (but if you like your noodles crunchy, dig in right away).  

The eggplant in garlic sauce was fairly tasty and the dish goes well with steamed rice which comes with your meal.  The dan-dan (spicy peanut sauce) noodles were, as the name implied, spicy.  I could not finish them but they were edible, as was every dish I've ordered here.  The consistently average to slightly above-average fare is what will be bringing me back to this place.

The noodle soups are good if you're dining solo.  The sweet beverages are good if you're looking for a sugar high - I got the thai iced tea here on one visit.  The entree portions are filling but small enough so that the one dish per one person rule can hold if you're not eating family-style, but sharing is also possible.  I didn't try anything from the appetizers/dim sum menu, but they looked appetizing.

The service is average, though my waiter wasn't too cooperative when I asked him for recommendations.  Plenty of Asian patrons come here, so it provides adequately authentic fare, which I would call "fusion," since it's menu contains a mixture of Japanese, Korean, Thai, and Chinese dishes.  

Service: B
Taste: B
Eaten here a bunch of times and ordered lots of different things here. 

Some of the things I've had:

*Lemongrass chicken w/ white rice and veg: 4 out of 5
*General Tsos Chicken: 4 out 5
*Honey Walnut Shrimp: 2 out of 5

Both chicken dishes are really good. The Honey Walnut Shrimp had way too much of a fruity taste for my liking.

For prices, not that this place is expensive, but some prices are heavily inflated. General Tsos is like 15 bucks which is way too much, while the lemon grass chicken is 9 bucks, great price.

If you're in the mood for asian, overall, I would say this is a good spot. 

Note that service can be really really slow
Wow, this place was freaking packed when we showed up at 1pm on a weekday. We had about a 10 minute wait before getting a table (a somewhat unusual occurrence at most U. City lunch spots). It took us a while to get menus and I think they forgot to give us the menu listing the lunch specials. 

Eventually, a waitress came to take our order. She was neither effusively nice nor rude - I might say emotionless. About 15 minutes after taking our order, she brought me my food and informed my lunchmate that they were out of whatever he ordered, so he had to put in another order. I'm not a big fan of when food comes out of the kitchen staggered, but it's even worse when they have to retake one of the orders as they are delivering one!

Once we finally had our food, everything was fine. My spicy noodle dish was OK and my friend liked his food. The check wasn't outrageous, but I think we would have done better had we had the lunch menu.

I probably won't rush back here, but I would not be opposed to coming back should the opportunity arise.
I really want to like Sang Kee (Chestnut location) having readirave reviews for the one in Chinatown and was going to go there but our hotel was at the Sheraton on Chestnut  and we noticed that there was a Sang Kee in the hotel (Bonus!)  I asked the host who confirmed that it's the same resto as the one in Chinatown but added that it's a bit "geared" towards this area which I wasn't sure what he meant at first.  This should have been a red flag for me but I was dying to try their peking duck, lobster, crab, etc and didn't want to trek back to Chinatown and find parking, etc....We got in at 6pm Sun for dinner (no waiting) and it was half full at that time.    The waiter brought ice water and menus (I was expecting some hot tea) but looked around and saw that almost all the tables had water so I opted out for asking since tea will probably be $$.   It's funny that they have huge billboards of their menus outside showcasing lobsters, crab, fried fish, and I was so hoping to order these but the sit down menus had all these items crossed out with sharpies so I think that it was meant for the Chinatown chain only.    I asked about the 1/2 peking duck ($19) and the waiter said it comes with 4 pancakes (4?!?!  r u kidding? flag #2).  I asked what they do with the bones since the places I go they use to bones either to make soup or sauté it with garlic and he said you don't get the bones (flag # 3).

We decided not to order the duck and ordered 4 dishes.  Crispy tofu with XO sauce (tofu was not crispy (it was fried) and then they slather it with the XO/soy sauce so it was soft and salty.  It was cooked with some fried green beans (which links to the 2nd dish).  Next was the green beans with pork and garlic which looked and tasted like the first dish we ordered.  Having been a part-time waiter in my previous life, if someone were ordering something with same ingredients I would have suggested that they order something else since it would taste the same (the client would really appreciate this and that translates to extra tips $$).    General Tao's chicken  was next and it was ok amid not seeing any red peppers or chili peppers but 4-5 pcs of bok choy in it's place.   It wasn't too doughy and the kids enjoyed it.  Lastly we had the clams with black bean sauce.  Lots of missing clams in the shells, broken shells, and it was a bit sandy.  Oh did I mentioned that they used red onions and green peppers?  Why red onions?   My observations and experiences in many authentic Chinese resto's  uses  red peppers, green onions and chili peppers in this dish.     Fresh white rice was complimentary with the meal which was good.   Service was prompt, there were lots of waiters but my glass was never refilled (lost a star).    Total for 4 dishes came to $54 with tax.  I think they use alot of msg as my mouth was dry and thirsty 30 mins after dinner.  As I looked across the room it was clear to me what the host meant by catering to this area.  It was mostly university students.   Shame on you Sank Kee for thinking that their palates are bad or do you think you have a  monopoly so you can cook however you want to?  I'm a bit hesitant to try the Sang Kee in Chinatown but my curiosity will kill me so I will go on my next trip down to Philly and if it's the same then shame on me!
The food and the ambience here is good. I used to dine in weekly.
But since my last experience , I'll avoid this place in the future.
A middle aged lady served us, and she said the fish I ordered was out of stock. It reminded me this was the second time she told me that. (The first time was weeks ago, I ordered fish, she said it would take a long waiting time and suggested to change the order, I told her I could wait.  But she returned later and told me the fish was out of stock. )   
This time I know she lied to my face. 
We did not make the order with her. A new waiter took my fish order without problem and the fish came to our table under 8 mins.
As a waitress, she is not supposed to control our orders, or here for making friends with the chef. And there are a lot of other good restaurants around could give us what are on their menu.
Ordered the Shanghai noodles which comes with "shredded pork" but they put TRIPE in. Not cool. This place used to be very good, but their success has ruined them. Food quality is poor, and service is surly. Tripe?!? We're not eating here again, there's much better Chinese in the neighborhood.
Came here for a quick dinner on a Friday night, and wasn't expecting much. Glad I had low expectations! Ordered the steamed chicken dumplings and the lemon grass chicken rice bowl. The dumplings were not exciting, and I thought the sauce was a bit sour. The rice bowl redeemed the dumplings a bit, but it wasn't as awesome as I wanted it to be. Service was really slow and nonexistent, but the whole restaurant was pretty busy and crowded. The place is large with most of the crowd being college students and probably hotel guests. Parking was not an issue, which was nice!

Personally, I like the ambiance and service at the Wynnewood location!
I'm so disappointed in Sang Kee. Not sure if it was just this location but it really makes me not want to visit any others. We ordered shrimp wonton soup, vegetable chow fun and sauteed ginger and green bean flounder. The shrimp wonton soup was okay but I have a sensitivity to MSG and this simple soup had lots it. The dumplings themselves had a great amount of plump shrimp -- that's what made this review 2 stars instead of 1. Our other dishes were so greasy and just not very flavorful. We both felt sick from the grease after leaving. We decided to order two bubble teas to go. We get a lot of bubble tea so we had high expectations...which, in retrospect, should have been lowered from our dislike of the meal. The bobas in the tea were grainy and weird...perhaps they were old. Although the staff were extremely kind, I'll never again subject myself to this place again (at least this location)
I only really ate here because my parents stayed at the hotel here while they were visiting me.  Eh, it's decent, overpriced Chinese -- just above what you would expect of a hotel restaurant.

The two reasons this place gets a 3 star rating: (1) the service is fast and friendly and (2) they have dim sum on weekends, probably the only place you can get it in University City.

So basically -- a reasonable alternative to dragging yourself to Chinatown.
I've had so many meals here when I went to Penn. The food is reasonably priced and if you get a rice bowl or noodle bowl, then the portion is pretty big. This is the closest thing you'll get to Cantonese food without having to trek down to Chinatown. It's not the best, but it's not terrible either. 

I usually ended up getting a noodle soup bowl with shandong noodles and either tender rib, grilled lemongrass chicken, or curry chicken. If I was "splurging" then I would get the seafood pan fried noodles. Don't get appetizers--they usually aren't good. 

Stick with noodles...the place is a noodle house after all.
Sang Kee in University City is inferior to the one in Chinatown, for quality, variety, etc, but the food is still on the edible side. Let's face it, as long as they remain one of the only two Chinese restaurants on Penn campus, the dough will keep on rolling in. However, please take caution of a few things:

1. I've both dined in and ordered takeout from them. Being a true blood Cantonese American, I crave roast duck on an average of once a week. The duck that I uncover from my takeout containers is skimpy and vastly different from the poultry they serve their sit down customers. It's like the difference between eating a bony, anorexic duck versus a voluptuous, pear-shaped duck. (Sorry, they are still delicious to me, even if I humanize them.) Hence, don't get duck when you order takeout. The butcher obviously favor their sit-down customers over their takeout customers. It was a hard lesson to learn.

2. Shanghai dumplings: to the inexperienced eater, they are a taste of heaven; to the dumpling aficionado, he/she will be disappointed.

3. Purchase a GrouponNow for $14 that gives you a meal with a $24 value. It's usually available 2:30 to 6:00pm, but it sometimes gets "sold out" before the time expires, so hop to it.

4. Fusion dishes (Thai, Vietnamese): I would steer clear. Just focus on doing one cuisine right, please. They probably leave the options on the menu for crowds who can't decide on a cuisine that pleases every person in the group. 

5. Dishes that are praiseworthy: seafood pan fried noodles, lemongrass chicken rice bowl, walnut prawns, sautéed snow pea leaves (it costs $13, but it is generally an expensive vegetable, so the restaurant shouldn't take the rap for the high price).
It is cheap and that is the best thing it has going for it.

I ordered a noodle soup with shrimp dumpling and it has absolutely no flavor.  The dumplings were good but the rice noodle and the broth tasted like weak salt water.

However there was a lot of tasteless noodles and broth so if you need to fill up cheap as a college student and are tired of Ramon noodles in your dorm room then it might not be a bad option otherwise move along.
I'm not even sure why I'm writing this review. The place currently has a 3-star average rating and I'd give it exactly 3 stars.

The service isn't particularly good but it's definitely not bad. While I know roast duck is usually fatty I found mine to be unusually so. Soggy duck skin on top of mushy duck fat on top of some bones; not really what I was going for. Flavorful, though. 

Meh. A decent option if you want to sit and eat something quickly in the UCity area.
This was an absolutely delicious and authentic Chinese meal. (Tasted just like my house mates used to make :) )

I had the lamb ramen and the braised sweet pea greens.

The dishes were packed full of flavour, in a rich broth

I will definitely eat here again, and recommend it.

The sweet pea greens were $18 though, so I didn't think they were worth the price- though they were delicious.
Quality - 4 stars (Good).
Price - $$ (Fair)  
Taste - Traditional  
Good: Duck with Palm sauce

Many Penn students treat SangKee as a place for quick lunch or dinner. They serve fast and the quality is good.

But I think SangKee deserve 4 star ranking. I came here almost three times a week, and their service and food quality rarely lose.

For people who like to taste traditional Chinese cuisine, SangKee can only make you feel fair satisfaction. But they open late, serves varies meals. It's still a place worth to try.
a few friends and i had a pre-exams dinner here last month. there were 10 of us, and the restaurant easily had a table large enough to accomodate us. the service was too good for a chinese restaurant, which plays in sang kee's favor.

the food, however, was nothing special. i know sang kee is known for their peking duck, but i don't like duck so i can't comment on that. i know i know.. how can a chinese person not like duck?! i just don't. 

but anyways, the 10 of us each ordered a dish and shared everything family style. we tried different combinations of vegetable dishes, tofu dishes (to satisfy the vegetarians) and then the usual pork dishes and a couple spicy dishes. basically something to satisfy all the different preferences at the table. out of everything, i only really liked the stuffed eggplant in black bean sauce and the lobster seafood roll. everything else seemed pretty standard for a chinese restaurant - and in west philly, that means it's terrific compared to the other options around. 4 stars for that reason.

i also came here a separate time for lunch and got the bbq eel with udon. and THAT was yummy, especially since the day i came, it was windy and pouring freezing rain outside.

there's also karaoke rooms in the back that you can reserve and a bar area in the restaurant with tv's embedded in the counters between seats. seems interesting, i'll have to come back and check that out to give an update on my review.
Sang Kee's new specials menu has some good items on it, but the Spicy Spring Crab I ordered was just terrible. You get four small crabs in a light fried batter coating chopped into pieces. Unlike softshells, you can't chew through the shells, so I was struggling to get any decent pieces of meat out of them. What I was able to get was sweet and succulent, but it wasn't enough to be considered a meal. Sang Kee normally has good, solid food (try the shrimp dumpling soup, the roast duck, the fried flounder), but this recent experience was just terrible. One star for this experience, three stars normally.
Nice and Simple spot 
Food was definitely  Delicious and enjoyable
Great if your looking to have a nice quiet lunch
I can recommend the Thai iced tea, and the beef chow fun. Are used to go to this place all the time when I used to live near and it was really good.

I ordered delivery the other day, but the roast duck really is not good. The skin isn't crispy, and my order was mostly bones and only dark meat. The picture leaves a lot to be desired for the price.
Tonight Devours walked with me to University City Sang Kee Noodle House ‍. This restaurant can be found to the right of the Sheraton hotel on 35th and Chestnut Street. It's very a mellow/hibachi style kind of restaurant. The staff is a very chilled, laid back, yet very nice kind of staff. Once seated at the bar, I ordered the hot and sour tofu soup. Which was filled with various spices, scallions, mushrooms  , and tofu chunks . It was very tasteful and the first to go LOL . I then ordered the crispy spicy calamari that came with a spicy sweet-and-sour dipping sauce that was super delightful. It was so good that more was needed ‍. Then for the main course, was the crispy spicy jumbo shrimp  with brown rice  . This dish came with jumbo fried shrimp with peppers  and various spices and fried green beans . The shrimp was very tasteful yet really spicy just the way it was supposed to be. Perfection . If you're ever wanting something really spicy please go check out The Sang Kee Noodle House in UCity (University City)  and you already know who to tell them sent you!  #happyhour #philadelphia #university #city #vietnamesefood #asian #tofu #soup #mushrooms #squid #calamari #sweetandsour #philly #shrimp #greenbeans #food #foods #foodporn #foodphotography #foodgasm
I'm shocked that this is only a 3 star rated restaurant! As someone who has lived in China and eaten in Philly's Chinatown, this is a great place to get Chinese food in University City. The duck noodle soup is a delicious favorite of mine for order and for take out. The food is a little bit oily, but always in the name of delicious-ness. Also, remember the portions are super large - be prepared!
Why the low ratings, fellow Yelpers?! 

When I arrived at Sheraton, my sister had kindly picked up dinner downstairs at Sang Kee and brought it up to our room. My roast pork was a little dry but I thought the veggies and rice were delicious. Her lemongrass chicken was also delicious. 

Then we came back a few days later to cash in on the $10 voucher we received from Sheraton. Sis and I shared beef congee, beef chow fun, and half steamed, half fried dumplings. We didn't get any hassle for using the voucher; our server was incredibly attentive and nice and as Natalia P. noted, this place is less Americanized than you would think so the quality of the food was excellent. 

The restaurant is very clean and while they offer dim sum, you have to order ahead, and then, the day we visited, a gentleman comes out with a cart and stops by each table to present your order of either entrees or dim sum. I thought that was a nice touch. It is very organized.
Bad service and I am not impressed with the quality of food.  Our server was extremely rude, processed the wrong order, and did not want to replace it when asked.  He was extremely short tempered and I will not return to this restaurant.  Visit chinatown for amazing food -  you'll get better service and better food at a lower price.
Conveniently located in west philly. Easily accessible and in a great spot attached to a hotel if you are looking for a place to stay.  This place is one of my favorite spots to hit when I'm looking for Chinese food.  Their prices and quality are top notch and don't forget to try their smoothies. (My favorite is mango).  In the winter their noodle soups are great but ask for extra dumplings! If also recommend their bulgogi rice if you're in the mood for a Korean flavor.
This place gets three *s for their food and another * for  their attention to the cleanliness of the restaurant. 

They have my ideal restaurant bathroom:
1) the door opens towards you when you go in...please see 7)
2) it's well lit
3) stalls are not super cramped
4) automatic sinks AND!!! automatic soap dispensers
5) automatic paper towel dispensers
6) trash cans are below the sink so as not to cause inconvenience when walking
7) no handle on door from the inside of the bathroom -meaning that the door opens out and you don't have to touch it.

Also, I have actually seen them wipe their menus with those alcohol wipes. Mad props for that (cuz, as we should all know by now, the menus are probably one of the dirtiest things in the restaurant).

Their food is decent and cheap. It's right across the street from the Penn campus and service is usually quick, albeit nothing extraordinary. I've had their lemongrass chicken soup noodles, which was actually plain soup noodles with a side of lemongrass chicken. Strange, no? Anyway, both were bland: the soup was a bit too oily for me and I detected no hint of lemongrass on my chicken whatsoever, which was disappointing. Their scallion pancakes are ok, but I have still yet to find a really good place for scallion pancakes in Philly, so I don't count this against them. Braised beef was much better than the lemongrass chicken, and their roast pork is pretty good. I haven't had their duck, but it seems like a very popular dish.

Do not get their Shanghai soup dumplings (xiao long bao). They are not soupy at all...you can go to Sakura for soupy ones.

FYI: They have karaoke! Mostly Chinese songs, but they do have some English, so if you only speak English you should still be able to enjoy yourself.

All in all, I would go here again for it's convenience.
Hit or miss service, but good Chinese food for University City area. 
Food is usually super quick and good! I would even say it is the best Chinese food you could find West of 30th street. My fav are the dumplings and the 4 seasons dish.

Clean and usually bustling environment!
Warning:  Don't order pad thai and expect it to resemble pad thai you'd get at Thai restaurant.  You might like it (I didn't), but it's not really pad thai.  I got the vegetarian version, which had peppers, snow peas, carrots (all fresh, mind you), egg, and that kind of dry, spiced tofu that's brown on the outside.  I love that stuff, but maybe not so much in pad thai.  Which, again, this wasn't.  The sauce was all wrong and the noodles were overcooked.  It was actually much like most of their other fried noodle dishes, which all taste mostly the same.  Disappointing.

But not surprising, given the middle-of-the-road kind of place this is.  I was more excited about it when it opened, simply because it was better than most places around, but, as I said before, that's not saying a whole lot.  So now that I'm less excited about it, I have to downgrade them.  Not much has changed.  The have a liquor license.  They started making dim sum on weekends, but why would anyone would go here rather than much better places in Chinatown or South Philly (Hi, Wokano!) is beyond me.  Maybe if you're under house arrest in the Sheraton.  They have a karoke room.  They changed their menu to include more edible, but not very inspired items.

Like most other restaurants and food trucks in University City, it's feed, not food.

PS:  Have to mention the one waitress there who always used to be very crabby.  She's a lot more friendly now.  Which is nice to see.  I hope she really is happer.
Yeah, I mean, this is the place I hung out the most with my friends during my two year graduate school in Upenn except restaurants in Chinatown. We ordered dishes for group of us, then I went there a few times just for noodles. I even had food there for my first Chinese new year.
Then there's another and actually the last time I've been there, me and my wife went there for three dishes and cost me $60.
But I still love the Walnut Shrimp, Peking duck, Duck Pork chop noodles.
They even have morning tea.
It was pretty good, but not the best I've ever had. They don't serve alcohol yet (no license I suppose) so that was a dissapointment. Overall the staff as pretty friendly and everythign looked clean and well maintained.
Expensive, terrible food. There was dried food on my chopstick. Lukewarm, fatty chicken and a watered down, nuclear waste colored "coconut" drink (which is two for one, if you like having two orders of something gross). If you have to get something here, get vegetables like the roasted garlic pea leaves. Those are fine. Why anyone would pick this over Han Dynasty down the street is beyond me, though.
Food (7.5/10) = The food for the most part was so-so.  Ordered the following:

"Lemon Grass Grilled Chicken w. Veg" = This was the best dish we ordered that night.  The grilled flavor was nice.  Everyone has heard this before... sometimes the best is usually simple.   

"Singapore Noodle (Thin glass rice noodle w. shrimp, roasted pork, onion, pepper in Indian curry sauce)" = This dish was ok, but wasn't bad.  I've had better singapore noodles before.   

"Chicken w. Oriental Eggplant in Garlic Sauce" = the flavor was boring.  Chicken was certainly tender, but everything else was a low note.  My least favorite of the four dishes we ordered. 

"Shredded Pork and Thousand Years Egg Congee" = again, just like the singapore noodles, this dish was ok.  I've had better.

Ambiance (7.5/10) = The decor is rather nice.  It's a restaurant inside the Sheraton hotel close to University of Pennsylvania.  

Service (6.5/10) = Where was the water?  We came here after 9 pm, and we were one of a few tables to be served that night.  No excuse for not having/refilling water for your guests...especially when hardly anyone else was there eating, and when diners can see waiters just standing around in the back chatting.  

Overall Opinion =  This area of Philly has a lot of food trucks, and the Chinese food served by some of these trucks taste better and are cheaper.  The only dishes I would order again from Sang Kee are the "rice dishes."
This is an older review that got lost in my drafts, so apologies if this is outdated a little.

So this is a review for their noodle bowls. I've gone to this place maybe 76 times in my Penn career, and I've gotta say, I'm still not sick of their noodle bowls. Their other dishes vary little from average Chinese food; however, I'll recommend two dishes that were surprisingly better (although cost more as well): the stuffed eggplant in black bean sauce, and the seafood cantonese noodles (crispy noodles covered in sauce).

That said, we're going off-point here. Noodle bowls. These things are surprisingly cheap, and surprisingly filling. $5-7 a bowl, ranging from roast pork to lemon grass chicken and udon to egg noodles, they cover a wide range and bring a very familiar Canto taste with them that reminds me of my days in Hong Kong. :)

Granted, don't expect anything fancy or super high quality here. BUT if you consider that it's a restaurant that sits inside the Sheraton hotel, and its proximity to University City, and how decently the actual food tastes, it's really a good deal for good portions of pretty solid food.

This is only second to my first love, Sang Kee Peking Duck House in Chinatown. If you have the option, opt for the one in Chinatown; it makes a difference.
Today, was a belated birthday lunch for my co-worker. She chose Sangkee and it turned out to be a wonderful decision. I ordered the Pork Belly Rice Bowl w/ a mango smoothie. The pork belly was tender, seasoned, and the sauce was similar to a chinese bbq sauce.  I added hot oil on the side for a little spice.  
Service, the service was excellent and the restaurant wasn't crowded.  I felt like I was in a five star restaurant.  The server was very attentive and was within arms reach.  Water glasses refilled, dishes cleared from our table etc...  Don't cheat yourself and order food for pickup, please have a seat and enjoy a delicious meal...  Kudos to the Sang Kee staff, foh and kitchen....
Was in Philly to take my Licensing exam (CS).  I stayed at the Sheraton because its two blocks from the testing center.
Sang Kee Noodle House is in the bottom floor of the Sheraton.
They had a lot of choices on the menu.  All fairly cheap.  And they had lots of smoothies to choose from.
The food was good and quick.
I got one of the rice bowls.  It was tasty.
Went for lunch today with some friends and we all had lunch boxes.  Right off the bat I knew that our service would be shoddy, but the food would be pretty decent.  I was right and wrong about these things, respectively.  In their defense, it was 12:30 (lunch rush) and the place was packed.  

The food was only mediocre, although I really enjoyed the baby bok choy that got tossed in with my tofu.  On the other hand, the tofu dish which should have been spicy was about as hot as a cottonball.  The wonton soup had a strange, hospital-esque flavor to it.  And the lunch box plate seemed to have been prepped ahead of time with a small side-salad and laid to rest in a walk-in for several hours.  At first glance, the dressing had the hard glassy look of a butterscotch candy. 

One thing I liked:  the metal thermoses that come with your wabi-sabi cup of green tea. I love a back-up thermos of hot water!

Will most likely come back to try out the noodle bowls and big bowls of soup.
Last time I visited this Sang Kee location was two years ago.  Came here recently again for quick take out.  Ordered the following dishes:

1) Beef Chow Fun = not bad.  Not super greasy like how other places make it, so that's definitely a plus.
2) Chicken w. Oriental Eggplant in Garlic Sauce = ordered this dish two years ago.  Don't remember how it tasted two years ago, but the flavors were good this time.
3) Ma Po Tofu = can't judge this dish accurately, since I ordered it without spiciness based on party's preference (it's supposed to be spicy).  I didn't particularly enjoy the non-spicy Ma Po tofu.

Overall opinion = One of the biggest annoyances I had two years ago was the terrible service.  Can't comment on it this time since my recent trip here was for take out.  In terms of the food though, I think it's worth an upgrade from the two stars I gave last time.
Very disappointed tonight!  They got our order wrong, made us wait forever for service, and they don't even have real tea - only tea bags.  Our Peking pork chop was very fatty and tough, and the sauce was overly sweet - like ketchup.  They served us a House Special pan fried noodle - with only veggies - in a bland and overly salty sauce.  When we let our server know, she basically rolled her eyes and acted as if we made the mistake.  The true hallmark of great service my friends!  $40 with tax and tip for just the 2 dishes.  Never again.  Go to Chinatown or Wynnewood and avoid this location!
3.5 stars. We can put a man on the moon but Yelp can't do 1/2 stars?

I went here with a friend the other night. The space is nice and open and has an upscale feel to it. We were seated quickly and the waiter took our order quickly. I ordered the roast pork with vegetables noodle soup and a vegetable spring roll. My friend ordered an eggplant dish and dan dan noodles.

The spring roll was good and came with a really hot mustard and a cooler duck like sauce that I used to cool down my mouth after a dip of mustard.  My soup was excellent. The roast pork was delicious and of good quality, which you don't always find. I think it might have been red pork/braised pork but I'm not sure. There were also a good number of slices of the pork, which was pretty remarkable given that the dish was inexpensive. The vegetables in the soup were very fresh and the broth was also good. The noodles I got were good, but I think I like thicker noodles than the rice ones I got..That's on me though. 

The dan dan noodles that my friend had were excellent and pretty spicy without being ridiculously spicy. Very tasty. The eggplant dish tasted good to me but my friend didn't like it. She said it had too much sugar and salt in it. After eating about 10 of them, I realized, she was right.

My friend also had a banana smoothie. It was good, though I've had better. 

This is a good Americanized Chinese place. The prices were pretty reasonable and I enjoyed the food and atmosphere. I'll have to come back for lunch and see if they have any specials.
Service was good. We got water when we needed it, our dishes came out promptly and our check came out fairly rapidly.
What do you want when its cold and rainy and you're going to slog your nog if you have to put up with one more ounce of festiveness?   

I'll tell you what you want: Sang Kee Noodle House Soup. 

No mere starter, this generously sized bowl is both a meal and an excercise in relaxation. 

I had the "house special", with shrimp dumplings, pork, and chicken.   I could have done with a few more veggies,  but the broth was flavorful, the pork  perfectly cooked, the dumplings, amazingly light; and the noodles had just enough "bounce".  

It was a rich chickeny balm to my frazzled mental state.  I left with a sense that all was, and would continue to be, right with the world.   At least for the afternoon.   

The only thing keeping me from going back every day this week?   The $11 price tag.
I wanted to try Peking Duck for the first time, so my sister and I opted to go to Sang Kee since it was closest. We decided to order Dan Dan noodles and the Peking Duck. We asked if they could make the noodles very spicy .  Our noodles arrived to the table first. The portion was large (I probably could have made 3 meals out of it myself). However, the lacked flavor and I didn't taste a hint of spice. If that was their version of spicy, then I don't want to know what the regular order would have tasted like.

The Peking duck was very good. I had nothing to compare it to since this was my first time. The meat was tender, the skin was crisp. My sister told me that the pancakes it is served with a supposed to be a little thicker. 

I'm definitely not in a rush to go back here. I think the Dan Dan Noodles at Han Dynasty are MUCH more flavorful. As far as the Peking Duck goes...I'd be willing to try some restaurants in  Chinatown before returning to Sang Kee (if I return..)
Oh no! I was hoping to be the first to review this place :(

But anyway, going along the lines of what the previous reviewers have said, I give this place 4 stars and two thumbs up. I've grown up on Sang Kee noodles, my family have ventured to Chinatown since I was about 4, so I would say I'm pretty well accustomed to the food and places of Chinatown in particular Sang Kee(it helps that Im asian as well!)

My friend and I heard that Sang Kee was opening a new location on 36th and Market and seeing as how I live on 34th and Arch, I just had to venture out and see if this lives up to the Sang Kee reputation. And it did! Prices were reasonable, the wait staff was extremely courteous and speedy, and the food was delish! 

With a name like Noodle House, you better deliver on the noodles and they definitely do! The House Pan Fried Noodles came in the delicious brown sauce which I love, and it had ample chicken, shrimp, and fresh sauteed vegetables.

All in all, I finally have my Chinatown away from Chinatown just a short walk from my campus at Drexel and I'm super happy :)
Whenever my boyfriend comes to town to visit, we usually come here for food and that's really the only time that I normally would come for food from Sang Kee. I like the Cantonese style food that they serve and being a Cantonese person myself, I can appreciate the taste. I've had their congee (sadly, the only Chinese restaurant around that serves it) and it's pretty delicious! Just warm and a good thickness as I like it with the preserved egg and some meat thats warm and supple. YUM! Perfect sick food since it's similar to my chicken noodle soup. The boyfriend though, always comes for their seafood fried rice with cheese baked on top of it. That seems a little odd for a Chinese restaurant but it surprisingly tasted pretty good! I would also have to agree with other Yelpers and say that their stir fried food and sauteed dishes is a pretty good highlight. It's comparable to food that I have at home or even in NYC Chinatown. Pretty delicious stuff and I will certainly come back again for food! Staff is good and won't try to push you out the door but they also won't serve you like kings and queens. It's good for what it is, that's for sure!
I came in interested to see if the food was the same in University City as if I went to Chinatown.  It was a overall good experience.  Loved the lychee martini, not too strong and pleasant with its flavors.  I enjoyed my shrimp dumpling soup as if I was in Chinatown.  The dim sum sampler was a good enough size and variety to give a party of 1 the dim sum experience without going overboard with ordering multiple dishes.  The fried green tea ice cream had a thick layer of dough around it, which I didn't particularly care for.  The service itself was okay, just not attentive given the few patrons to staff ratio.
Just not that good. Go to the one in China town, it's 100x better. For some reason my family loves going to this location for every birthday celebration and other dumb event. It's blah. Very blah. Go to China town. It's so much better. Literally everything is mediocre.
I am sort of surprised by the low ratings here. I admit that I don't frequent Chinese restaurants that often. In my opinion, the food here is more than decent. I like that it is less Americanized than your run-of-the-mill Chinese eateries. 

For college students, this place was high-class Chinese food dining. Mostly because it is pricier and upscale over fast food joints. I was one of the first customers when this restaurant opened. And make a point to come back here with company.

In general, I get the same dishes....so not sure if that is where the issue lies. THEY ARE DELICIOUS! Here is what I order:

Large Bowl of Tom Yum Seafood Soup- appetizer for 3+
Shanghai Noodles
Spicy Singapore Noodles
Avocado OR Mango Smoothie
Fried Banana Roll and Ice Cream OR Fried Ice Cream

Usually comes out to about $20 with tip. And some cute fortune cookies to send you off. I even get leftovers, as the dishes are fairly large. Service is very fast. And they do not hustle you for the check. Waiters are not the type of bother you much either, if you want to just sit and chat.

In terms of atmosphere, the restaurant is fairly clean. It is usually really busy around lunch time on school days. But otherwise, it can be empty on weekends. If you find yourself waiting for a table, you can sit in the lobby of the Sheraton. Or take a walk around UPenn campus.

Overall, I recommend this place for business lunches. Or dinner with friends. Probably not the place for a romantic dinner or large party.
I have had two dinners here, and after going to the gym, I went to eat hahaha when I was very hungry. The first time I ordered the fried beef river, it was very good, and the taste was very good, but the beef noodle was thick, unlike the fine ones that were eaten in China. The Mapo tofu tastes very good and is made with tender tofu. The second time I ordered the cheese risotto, the taste was also great. The friend ordered the Singapore fried rice noodles, which was especially large, and the dried beans that were recommended on the special menu were also very good. A Chinese restaurant that is especially worth visiting.

在这里享用了两次晚餐，在去完健身房之后，特别饿的时候去用餐哈哈哈。

第一次点了干炒牛河，做的很棒，味道很不错，不过牛肉河粉是粗的，不像在国内吃的细的。
麻婆豆腐味道很赞，是用嫩豆腐做的。

第二次点了芝士焗饭，味道也是很棒，朋友点了新加坡炒米粉，份量特别大。
还有特别菜单上推荐的干煸豆角也是味道特别好。特别值得去的一家中餐馆。
Service:
Waiter was very inattentive, water cup was never refilled, had to wait around and flag down the waiter to take our order and get the bill. 

Food:
I ordered the shrimp dumpling noodles and xiao long bao (pork soupy dumplings). The shrimp dumpling tasted stale, every dumpling had a hole in the skin, and the skin itself was thick and chewy. 
The pork dumpling was even worse - I already had a very low bar for soupy dumplings in the states, but this was by far the worst that I've had. The skin was tough/chewy and not steamed thoroughly, there was no soup in the dumpling, and the whole thing just did not taste fresh. Further, it didn't even come with slices of ginger.  If you don't know how to make something appropriately, don't put it on the menu!!!! I normally try each restaurant at least twice, but this meal was so unpleasant that I will not be returning.
Beneath the glitzy interior beats the heart of an old-school Chinatown noodle house.  Or it's 21st century incarnation, anyway.  

Instead of middle-aged surly male waiters who begrudgingly bring you your cup of tea, you're served by 20-something year old young women who are clearly more interested in playing with their iPhone than serving you.

But who cares, really?  The big bowl of Cantonese-style noodles they eventually bring you is nice and hot, the broth is good, and it's full of plump wontons stuffed with shrimp.  And for good measure, they put a decent helping of choi sum in the soup, so you don't even need to order a separate dish to make sure you get some vegetables with your meal.

Not bad, Philly.  Not bad at all.
I was here many times and they changed. Now, the dishes are better than before! Definitely will come back and try other stuffs.
Eh. I give them three stars because 1.) pricing isn't terrible. 2.) location is great 3.) service was quick. The food was okay- I came for lunch. I had the Dan Dan Noodles and my friends got a bunch of other things- but what i had was ok- typical noodle dish, nothing different or exciting. But as mentioned, the price was reasonable, location is a plus, and the decor was average, so they deserve the 3 stars: no more, no less...
Sang Kee Noodle House still serves okay Chinese food. This review is updated for takeout food I got.

For the food report, I use ^ to indicate a half-star and * for a full star. So, ***^ means 3.5 stars:

**** Snow pea leaves are good. It's a simple dish of green leafy vegetables, as it should be
***Crispy tofu in XO Spicy sauce was ok
*** Grilled short rib in korean bbq sauce
**^ Chili pepper crispy jumbo shrimp were not especially crispy
** Sauteed seafood combo

From my previous review (of food eaten in the restaurant):

***^ Flounder fillet and tofu in Szechuan sauce was enjoyable with tender fish, silky tofu, in a sauce with hot green peppers

**^ New Zealand lamb casserole: lamb was tough, and served with watercress, scallions, water chestnut, mushroom & bamboo in brown sauce

**^ Beef Chow (Ho) Fun (flat wide rice noodles) were not bad. Noodles were soft and chewy as they should be, but not very flavourful. Not much vegetables included

** Sizzling short rib was so-so. Meat was tender and fatty, and cooked the right amount, but not very flavourful

In summary, Sang Kee's food is generally all right, neither great nor awful. It's not a destination restaurant, but it's a contender if you're looking for a solid Chinese restaurant as close to Penn's campus as possible.
This is an okay spot. Decent Chinese food, but far from great. I've been there a few times. I'm always satisfied, but never blown away.

The service is real good. They have a nice lunch special menu. It's about $8.50 for 3 items, $9.50 for four. The items include: drink, app, entree, and rice/noodle side. 

Also, all lunch boxes include a salad. It's kind of a basic salad with lettuce, tomato and cucumber, topped with a carrot ginger dressing.

The sauces they use can sometimes be a little bland. I would prefer there was more flavor to them. The Hot and Sour Soup was okay, but not flavorful enough. Same with the Chicken and Broccoli. I feel that if they could solve the flavor issue, they could be great. The food is always prepared well.

However, I did once get the low mein and it wasn't just the flavor that was an issue. They don't use what I feel are standard low mein noodles. They use very thin noodles. I prefer them slightly thicker, as I feel they taste much better when there is more substance to it.
I avoid this place at all cost, the only thing here that is edible is the bean paste with minced pork noodle. Although , nothing compared to the traditional Beijing style , but its the only thing that made up for this two star. 

I only come here when my friends are hungry and doesn't want to drive down to chinatown, just why ? You lazy people haha.

I've pretty much had everything from the menu, there is nothing authentic about this place, I mean even as a asian fusion restaurant , it's still disappointing. 

A lot of university student come here since its closer and convenient during lunch time, so heads up for all the business owners , pick the right place and don't worry about quality .
