Ironically, I ended up having Santucci's for dinner two nights in a row.

The first was delivery of a signature square pie paired with the Eagles game. The second was in the restaurant before a concert at the Met, when all other options actually failed.

Things that stood out to me:

-The restaurant is cash only, except at the bar where cards are accepted 

-The signature pie is a square pie, not a tomato pie. The cheese is delicious

-Happy hour goes until 6pm

-There's wine on tap, in addition to beer. 

-This is excellent pre-Met concert spot (as long as you don't take my idea and steal my seat)

-Portions are large and prices are fair for the amount of food

-A flatbread is enough for two non-starving adults to share. Aside from like the soup, most of the options are pretty shareable.

-Delivery was through Grubhub and the food arrived way earlier than the app noted. Kudos.

I'm impressed and happy with my back to back meals. Almost tempted for the trifecta.
Until I received a menu in my mailbox, I never realized Santucci's had opened up an outpost on North Broad. Better yet, stamped on the front was a note saying they could deliver their delicious square pies right to my door. So it literally took just a day for me to place my first order to see how their pies would stand up to delivery. 

Fried Mozzarella w/ Marinara [ $7]

The GF and I are big fans of their homemade fried mozzarella sticks. Huge chunks of fresh mozzarella were expertly fried in Italian bread crumbs and held up well to delivery. The marinara wasn't overly sweet and clearly housemade as well. 

6 Garlic Parmesan Wings [$7.10]
 
The garlic parm wings were well-cooked - crisp and juicy. They were slathered in garlic butter and studded with plenty of salty parm. 

Chicken Fingers w/ Hand-Cut Fries [$9]
 
The GF and I love the fact that all of Santucci's dishes are homemade. So we knew the chicken fingers would be legit. They were juicy and well-seasoned, though unfortunately a bit limp rather than crispy due to the extra steaming in the takeout box. Similarly, the hand-cut fries were limp as well, but still tasty. The accompanying stone-ground honey mustard was killer though - I could drink it for days. 

Large "The Works" Square Pizza [$19]
Extra cheese, pepperoni, sausage, green peppers, mushrooms, onions 

But the star of the show? Perfect. Ten rectangular slices of heaven awaited us upon delivery. The crisp and lightly buttery dough was topped with plenty of cheese, toppings, and Santucci's marinara. 

So if you live in the Fairmount area, don't forget to hit up Santucci's if you've got a hankering for a proper tomato slice. Keep in mind though - cash only!
I work right across the street from here, and probably since I was still mourning the loss of previous tenant Alessandro's, it took me about a year to finally get here.  The inside is nice and has more of a restaurant/bar feel than pizza place. The menu has a lot of good offerings as well. 
I ordered a chicken flatbread with tomatoes, walnuts, and pesto. It was basically a mini pizza, and it was so delicious. I was able to eat it for lunch and dinner since the portions are generous. 
My only issue was the price points. I ordered a little container of tomato soup and paid $5 for it. Maybe I'm cheap but that seemed like a bit much. But regardless I shall be returning and working my way through their menu!
I just moved to the area after originally living near the Italian market Santucci's, so I had to try this one. I've been twice since I moved and my meals both times have been great. First time, my friend and I dined in and got a flatbread and a panini respectively and there were no complaints. 

Second time around, I ordered the Ultimo burger and it was absolutely delicious. Perfectly cooked and the toppings were amazing-the bacon, Gorgonzola and fried egg were an overall tasty combination! My only complaint was that the fries tasted a bit overcooked/old. I usually love their fries, so that part was a little disappointing. But it wasn't enough to stop me from going back. That burger might just make me a regular.....

Rate: 4.8/5
Tips: Cash only! But there is an ATM located inside near the bar.
As a regular of the original Santuccis, the new location doesn't quite meet the standards. I was forced to order delivery from this location since I was closer to it than the South Philly spot. When the pizza came, it was a soggy and flavor-lacking pie. I understand that delivery boxes cause the pizzas to become less crisp, but this one was to the point of being wet throughout. I guess I'll just have to go to the South Philly spot for the real deal.
This was actually one of the worst experiences I have ever had with a restaurant.

Full disclosure: events that unfolded took place on superbowl sunday. 

I was working the entire day from 6:30am to 8-9pmish. My colleagues and I due in part to superbowl celebrationness and pure starvation decided to order a shitload of food. I was not the food organizer so I cannot state specifically what was ordered but it was contained in 3 pizza boxes and one lunch box-sized bag. 

The time was 4:30pm. My contribution to the order was a large pizza, split between me and two other colleagues/girlfranz. They wanted to order the veggie pizza however due to the fact that I absolutely despise mushrooms and onions, we requested that the pizza contain mushrooms and onions on only half of the pizza. 

I was getting slammed at work. During my ascent to the surface, I started getting extremely hangry. I figured the food was probably there by then (this was like 5:30-5:45) because ordreing food usually takes about an hour max to arrive. I hadn't heard anything, which didn't concern me because I knew it was superbowl sunday and that had been taken into account with my mental status.

I finally made my way out from under my mountain of work shit. It was around 6pm, perhaps 6:15. No food. Ok, I start getting antsy but like I said, I understood it was a busy night. 

7pm. Nothing. It has now been exactly 2 1/2 hours since our order was placed. Yes, I understand that this place is probably bombarded with orders but 2.5 hours is ridiculous. If you couldn't handle the orders, you should stop taking them. Order placer called the restaurant, they apologized and said the food would arrive at 7:30. 

7:45. Nothing. I'm due to leave work in half an hour. I decide that I'm going to call this fucking place. I call and the phone just rings and rings until the phoen company literally hangs up the phone call. I call again, for the second time, no answer. Ok now I'm fucking FURIOUS. 

8:05. Nothing. It has officially been over 3.5 hours. I call again. They finally pick up. After waiting almost 5 minutes to speak with the manager, he comes on and apologizes profusely. The order is coming out of the oven right now and will be there in 20 minutes. Yeah, sure and I'm fucking Santa Claus. 

After literally giving up on this fucking bullshit, I"m walking out of the building when I receive a text from one of my co-orderers that the pizza has arrived. Sweet mother of fucking god. I'm like over it at this point but figure I might as well grab a fucking slice on my way out.

Here's the real fucking kicker: they couldn't even manage to get the order right. Because I hate onions and mushrooms, all I wanted was the veggie pizza with the only alteration being the onions and mushrooms on only HALF the pizza. They literally delivered us a pizza with onions and mushrooms on the ENTIRE pizza with all of the other ingredients (broccoli rabe and peppers) on only HALF the pizza. Are you fucking kidding me? Just spit in my face, why don't you? Just pour fucking salt all over the wound. 

I feel like the food here could be good but this was absolutely obscene. Needless to say if I'm dying to try Santucci's, I'll stick with one of their other locations in the future.
At this point, Santucci's has earned three stars.    A workmate and I decided to embark on a walkabout during lunch and we headed north on Broad Street for a change of pace.    Six blocks north of City Hall sits a  brand new Santucci's, which undoubtedly is a welcome addition to what otherwise appears to be a lunchtime restaurant wasteland.

My workmate and I each ordered the $7 lunch special, which consists of 1/2 of a sandwich and your choice of salad, soup or fries.   The chicken soup was extraordinarily good.   Obviously homemade and chock full of veggies and chicken.  It was noodle-free, but so delicious that the absence did not adversely affect the lunching experience. 

Meanwhile, the bacon-chicken-avocado sandwich was a disappointment for several small reasons.   The whole wheat roll was far too dense and chewy for a sandwich.  It would have been perfect dinner roll that you rip into small pieces and dip in olive oil.  The crust was so thick that an attempt to bite through it caused the entire sandwich contents and the bottom of the roll to slip and slide.   Nobody wants to wear their lunch.   The next problem was the bacon, which was too thick for a sandwich and not sufficiently brittle to yield to a bite.   I ended up removing it because it was impossible to chew through (think extra thick jerky).   Finally, the avocado was  largely absent.   Although I saw a small green smudge on the bottom of the roll, it was not convincing evidence that the sandwich had even been in a room with an avocado.

My workmate had a short rib sandwich and fries, and she virtually re-enacted that famous deli scene from "When Harry Met Sally."  I surmise that the gravy from the short ribs moistened the whole wheat roll sufficiently to make her sandwich more manageable than mine.   The fresh hand-cut fries both looked and tasted delicious (I stole one for research purposes).

Unassailably true is the freshness of the food (the restaurant does not even have a freezer), the generous portions (a 1/2 sandwich is about 6 inches long)  and the appeal of the decor (for this end of town).   I am hopeful that they will tweak their execution to address the issues noted in this review.   We love and support family-owned businesses and would like to give Santucci's four stars next time.   Looking forward to visiting their Warminster location, too.
As regular customers of Santucci's, North Broad Street, we enjoyed the food and the service was always on point.  But that has changed after it's come under new management.  While at the North Broad location for dinner we ordered food, that never came.  The patrons at the two tables next to us ordered their food at the same time we did, received their food and started paying their bill; we had still not received our order.   We had four servers that attended to us, which is odd.   After some time another server arrived and asked if we were ready for our check.  I said we never received our food and requested to see the manager.  The manager came over and from a distance asked what happened.  I stated that we never received our food and that the service had been lacking.  The manager said, "can't you see that we are busy".  I could not believe he made such a statement but he did.  The patrons next to us told the manager that they had arrived after us, received their food and were ready to pay.   I asked for the check minus the cost of the food.  As we waited for the check, I saw our first server printing one out.  The check was for the patrons two tables over and they had arrived long after us and the people sitting next to us.  

I do not blame the staff.  Management is responsible and to blame, as well as the owners.  The servers were all over place, obviously not assigned to specific tables as they tended to customers throughout the entire sitting area and the bar area.

The establishment was very busy that evening.  The line of people waiting was out the door, blocking the exit and creating a safety hazard.  We had to work our way through the crowd to exit.

We will not be returning.
Honest review:

What's the point of opening a restaurant if you have no passion to cook

Delivery: came fairly quickly 

Food: garlic Parmesan chicken. Super dry, no flavor, no seasoning, not even any garlic lol. Just Parmesan thrown on top of wings with no flavor 

Chicken soup: broth was watery, no flavor, barely any chicken in it 

Fries: both were dry, no seasoning,

Cheesesteak: again no seasoning. Nothing I asked for was on the sandwich. Who the hell let's a cheesesteak leave the kitchen with barely any cheese, no pickles, no pepper, no seasoned salt. Just dry 

Will never order from here again.
You're welcome
I came here with my dad last Tuesday and was going through a very rough personal time. I was noticeably upset and briefly explained to our server what happened. At the end of our meal she came back and told us that she took care of the order and had gone through something similar in her past. Not only was the food great, but the service was absolutely unforgettable and I'm eternally grateful for the kindness that was shown to me. I definitely recommend this location and will be returning again.
Ordered one thing and got another. Upon me leaving the restaurant the waitress offered to bag my food. Of course I told her yes. Still had a half of a wrap (again, not what I originally ordered) and some sweet potato fries. Finally I get home to eat my leftovers, NO SWEET POTATO FRIES!!! I called and complained due to my disappointed from the beginning with getting order wrong and now this. Manager didn't ask to accommodate me in no way. All I got was "we will talk to her so that this will never happen again" Very poor costumer service. My first and very last time eating here.
Honestly was not blown away when their location in the northeast was talked up to me and I went, but I have to say I've really come around on Santucci's. The Pizza is really good and all of their sandwiches and wraps are delicious. I've tried a few of the rotating special dishes as well which have always been great.

The little side bar is perfect for grabbing a quick dinner or lunch and getting a beer at the same time. Happy to have this place in the neighborhood. Heads up it's cash only.
Same menu as the other locations, plus a bar like the one in the Northeast. The food was tasty and the service was friendly, but (understandably) didn't have the finesse of the S Philly location. Dessert portion was smaller, which would be a cause of unrest for a fat ass such as myself.
I wouldn't yet trust this location to make shortrib crespelle, but I totally trust this location to make tomato pie and shortrib-gravy-and-provolone-wiz fries!

... The bartender is a doll.
I have to start off this review by saying that I'm a bit biased. 

I grew up in the far northeast, so my Friday nights as a kid often involved going to Santucci's in the shopping center at Knights and Woodhaven. This was back before they expanded into the bar and grill that's there today, back when they were wedged in between the Shop-n-Bag and an hour dry cleaners. Santuccis was our spot for pizza, which apparently made us different from all the other families on my block because they would always comment on how the pizza was "upside down". 

Point being is that when I found out there was a Santucci's on North Broad, in my new neighborhood that I've chosen as an adult, I was ecstatic. I had missed the pizza of my childhood and would occasionally crave it, but not enough to make the 25 minute drive up a construction riddled 95. So when I ordered delivery for the first time from this place, there was a good chance childhood nostalgia would cloud my taste buds into thinking the pizza was better than it was. 

I am happy to say it has not. Santucci's pizza is still just as good as it was back in the 90's, if not better. The only real thing I can fault them on is the container they use to deliver their french fries in; makes them a bit soggy since the steam from the hot fries can't vent out. Other than that really very minor flaw, the food here is consistently delicious and delivered promptly.
Santucci's pizza (without a doubt) serves one of the best square pies Philadelphia has to offer. 
We called ahead to place a takeout order for a Large signature pie (17") with mushrooms. The staff taking the order was nice and polite and told us that the restaurant was cash only. 

The pizza was ready in about 20 minutes and we were wowed by it. The thin crust, the sweet and tangy sauce, the smooth cheese and the mushrooms were married perfectly in this slightly rule defying pizza. That flavorful sauce on top of the cheese instead of being under made a huge difference! We surely can't recommend this pie enough.

Now, we understand Santucci's pizza might not be everyone's cup of tea ( or Hennessy?), but it sure was ours. And if you wanna try something a little different without it being outrageously out of the way, check 'em out.
I've only ordered pizza delivery from here but it's been great so far.   My friend ordered it once when I was over and I became addicted.  In turn, I ordered it for my other friends and now they are obsessed.  Square pizza with the cheese on the bottom seems to do the trick.   Specialty options are a bit limited, but I feel like this pizza doesn't need it, it thrives on simplicity.  Great for a night in with friends.
Called and ordered directly from the restaurant for delivery. It was actually less money to call than order through Grubhub. Hmmm! The shade!

Anywho, delivery came less than an hour. Yay! We ordered a medium bacon pizza and buffalo wings. I'm not a big red saucy pizza type of person but the dough was delish! I personally prefer their white pizza! The wings were alright -- saucy and crunchy. It's quality pizza for sure if you're into that!
The pizza is delicious!  I've had two experiences with Santucci's, more recently, a to go order and previously dined in.  Again both of which I've enjoyed the pizza.  

The location is clean and ordering is straight forward.  The staff is helpful and direct which I genuinely appreciate.  You won't go wrong with your pizza order, the dough, sauce, and cheese are perfectly combined.  During my dine in experience the house wine was decently priced and I believe I had the house salad as well.  Again all of which was pretty good for price and taste.  To go was as I remembered, delicious and hit the spot.
Just left after ordering the grilled chicken sandwich, that should have avocado on it (doesn't) and I paid extra for garlic bread. The garlic bread was wet and so salty it's rendered the whole sandwich inedible. I called to ask about options and was told I could BRING the sandwich back and they would give me a refund. Sad sandwich and greasy wet fries. Yuck.  Don't waste your money.
(to the tune of "Hip to Be Square" by Huey Lewis and the News)

I used to be a purist, used to stick to only cheese
But as time passed, I opened my eyes to toppings, if you please
Now I'm trying some new things, and yes, that means shapes too
Sometimes when near Santucci's, you know what you gotta do
Gotta pick some pizza up... yeah
It's hip to be square
It's hip to be square

I like my cheese on top of sauce. At least, I thought that was me....
But 'tucci's tucks it under there, and blew my mind with that cheese!
They tell me it's not good for me, but I don't even care
I know that it's crazy
I know that shape's daring
but there's no denying that...
It's hip to be square!

Ok, so 5 stars is technically "As good as it gets". And, though I'm a HUGE Santucci's fan, I can't (in good faith) say it's as good as it gets. But dang, it's good.

Cash only, but it's as good piping hot as it is after it's cooled down a bit, so hit up the ATM and order more than you think you need. I brought over four pies, over 2 slices per person, to my birthday party later in the evening (9pm, after folks had already eaten earlier in the daytime) and they were gone in the blink of an eye. I also showed up wearing a tiara and they snuck in a surprise birthday cannoli, just for me!

The price isn't outrageous, and I like that the large pies are sectioned into 10 slices. The sauce on top lends itself to a different taste experience, one that I really like. Big fan of the pepperoni, too, as was apparently everyone at the party because it disappeared first! 

I go back nearly every time we're up in the area, and I keep wanting more!
We ordered from here last night and had ordered the "veggie works" pizza but the woman taking my order thought we were ordering "the works". I was concerned she hadn't heard me correctly and made sure to point out again that we were ordering the "veggie works", as one member of our group is a vegetarian. Despite this, when the delivery came, our pizza had pepperoni and sausage on it. When I called the restaurant to let them know, they indicated we would have to return the incorrect pizza and they would make us the correct pizza. They did not apologize, offer us any coupon, or take anything off of our order. Instead, it seemed like they were merely annoyed by the inconvenience of having to send us what we actually ordered. It was very disappointing. 

The pizza itself was fine but not as good as the original Santuccis. I do not plan to go back, which is a bummer, as I live in the neighborhood.
We were utterly disappointed with Santucci's. We moved to N. Broad recently and decided to give it a try. We ordered a margherita pizza and a pizza with mushrooms and sausage. The pizza tasted like the frozen pizza I had as a child, perhaps a bit worse. Tasteless, dense - quality of a lunchable. They won't be getting our business again.
Skip this place. Not the Santucci's I remember growing up. Ordered food for delivery. Pizza was soggy and bland and fries were a blob of grease. Like seriously a blob of potatoes, salt and oil. Just moved into the neighborhood and had high hopes.
The pizza isn't bad. The delivery experience is. Two separate occasions - one time the food came 2 hours after we ordered it and half the order was missing. The other time, it took 1.5 hours, pizza came cold. We learned a lesson tonight, no more Santucci's.
I actually like/love this pizza, ditto for my family.  Today picking up my pizza made me question some things.....anyone that actually thinks about business and profits knows that pizza is almost 100% profit,  it's dough, literally. But now you go and raise your price by at least $1 for a plain pie and I have to think if it's not to cover the costs of you opening your Roxborough site because you have made no upgrades to the Broad St location.  There is no auto soap dispenser, towel dispenser in the ladies bathroom. Toilet seat covers non existent.  Hand air dryer from the 90's and these are disgusting anyway.  Any upgrade here to justify the upcharge would be greatly appreciated.  Tip jar on counter reminds me of the attitude you would get from Tacconellis servers when you picked up.  Listen, we love your pizza but we're not going to be taken advantage of by a booming neighborhood business.  #shameonyou
This is usually our go to spot for pizza in the neighborhood but tonight we were disappointed with the pizza. The crust was bland and cardboard like and everything else a bit soggy. What happened Santucci's?!
Heard this was a good pizza restaurant,  so I ordered  a sausage and pepperoni to take out.  It was horrible and will never get anything from Santucci ever again.
Amazing Square pie that is covered in sauce and a cheese that will leave you full and wanting more. The crust is square crisp and delicious and the topping are varied and enjoyable. I personally recommend the long hots and sausage which has a spicy meaty quality that any Italian would love. 

Come for lunch even though it is busy and you will be seated immediately and the service always friendly. Delivery has been good as well with no complaints ever from me.
they get 2 bc the food is atleast half way decent.  other then that they dnt seem to cater to diversity at either location bc theres hardly any black people when i make them a food choice.On topic of this location theres a line of cute "Italian" girl sure they're just of European decent--all looks & no damn brains bc as i walked up 1 of 4 girls at the registers asked"may i help u  but wasn't taking ordersshe then directed me to the other girl that i then specifically told "i wanted a personal veggie pizza pie..how much to add steak"after staring at me dumb-founded blank she gave me a price.15 minutes later i goto season it..its all tomato sauce with 4 itty bitty steak pieces..im like:" wht the hell kinda piZza is this?"..she goes;"oh,all i heard was steak"I bet she did...whoever made it was nice enough to get it rightit was just minus the raw onions,less tomato sauce,better flavoring also
Went with a party of 16 early afternoon. My kids had arranged this and didn't bother to tell me that they are cash only. Food was ok. Salads were very good, especially the Granny Smith salad. Server was excellent. Check was several hundred dollars. They would not take a bank check from this well-dressed crowd of lawyers, doctors and engineers. The ATM machine was scarily devoid of supporting documentation as to it's legitimacy. Probably a profit-center for the business. We scrounged up enough cash among us. Not taking plastic or a check means we'll never be back. I take plastic in both my businesses, it just doesn't cost that much to give your customers that service. Even my grungy neighborhood pizza place take plastic. Back in the heyday of The Saloon in South Philly they didn't take plastic but would always accept a check and they were far more expensive than Santucci's.
Apple Walnut Salad gets a perfect score.   Loved the square cheese pizza.  The key to this pizza is the sauce.    Excellent!
Service was good as well.   We went for lunch so it was not busy.
Only thing that kept me from giving it 5 stars is that I am a pizza snob and have had better.   But I would still highly recommend and return.
Ordered from here countless times since they opened this location a couple years ago. Pizza was great, up until the last time we ordered, on 12/15/17. Crust was nasty- very dry and cardboard like. Very disappointed considering how high their prices are compared to other good pizzerias in the area.
Thank you.  Great good and service. The salad was watermelon and feta... excellent! Arancini,  spaghetti and meatballs also very good! You'll like the atmosphere too... modern but comfortable.
Usually come here to eat and have a great time. Decided to try out the bar- big mistake. The bartender didn't seem thrilled to have to actually interact with costumes. She was incredibly short and rude with me. I ended up leaving and certainly won't be back!
When I'm in Philly, I always need to find a way to stop here. Pizza with the works is a must have. Tried the Caesar salad this time around, very good. Really enjoyed the Charcuterie board. Two thumbs up.
I used to go to the old location in Manayunk and have also been to the one in Bella Vista. Their pizza is my favorite so I was super excited to see one open closer to me. This location is nice and spacious. Unlike the other locations, they also offer a full bar. 

I've been here 2x now and have also ordered delivery. The Works pizza is my go-to. I usually stick to the pizza, but the honey chipotle wings and short rib gravy fries were too good to pass up.
In Philly, when it comes to Pizza or Cheesteaks, if the place is awful, but the food awesome, we (Philadelphians) agree that we can handle it.
That been said, the food was below average, the pizza was meh, the Cesar salad tastes like it came from Kraft special, and the whole cash thing!!! Wow! If I was licking my fingers, like I do after going through any respectable place in this city that demands cash only... It's one thing. But eating mall food and then expected to pay cash?
And especially in a prominent location, they are not in some corner at south/NE philly, where you know it's expected. You are located across a Steven Starr, and a Vetri restaurant and yours truly goes for a business lunch, and wham - cash only. The IRS "loves" me when I claim cash purchases.

Enough with my rant about the cash.
The food is below average on the sub shop/pizza place scale. The place was empty on a weekday during lunch (hint hint).
There is potential here. Pizza is different but pretty good. Unfortunately, the place is too bright and sterile - it needs some atmosphere. I don't think any of the staff has ever worked in a restaurant before. These are things that can be fixed. How about some draft beer and a decent happy hour?  I'm rooting for you guys.
Let start by I Love this pizza however service has been terrible lately ! I order pizza here every Friday night . on Superbowl Sunday we ordered 2 pizzas and wings nothing fancy for us to pick up at 6pm.. we don't live far and thought it was be ready just in time for the big game.. completely wrong! When my husband arrived the order wasn't no ready and they ran out wings.. it was like 20 people deep waiting for their orders.. my husband missed the first quarter of our Superbowl party because of their poorly run operation.. now fast forward it's our Friday night pizza night and we decided to try again and order for delivery .. this time I order about 7 7:15ish. What happens .. 9pm still no pizza .. when I called about my delivery I get a person on the phone that wasn't even apologetic about the delay and then said we don't deliver in an hour.. which I never even said I that.. I knew from when I order they person said 1 to. 1 1/2 hours ... 2nd time an issue shame on me.. there.wont be a 3rd time
Food was very good and so was service!  Heads up they do not take credit cards. So bring cash. Worth it!
I've been to Santucci's twice and every time has been an amazing experience trying American food; chicken wings and this Square pizza they announce.

I can say I have never had wings like the ones they make here, there are different flavored wings, I tried the hot, mild and honey chipotle ones and all of them taste delicious.

The pizza is as well amazing, you can choose the toppings, the size and you better be ready to feel a very pleasant explosion of flavor in your mouth.

They do special offers during the week, we went on a Thursday and the wings and cocktails were a 50% off, so you better check the other days too.

The price is really affordable and the food is incredible, plus the service was really good!
Shotout to the waitress I thought she could be from Texas! (I don't know her name, sorry) She was really nice!
I like the simplicity of Santucci's square pie. Hearty crust, not too heavy on the sauce, and not too heavy on the cheese below. Getting a small pie and eating the whole thing in one sitting makes you feel a lot less guilty, now doesn't it? Tried the honey chipotle wings, unlike some other yelpers, I was unable to fall in love with them. I simply though they were alright and the chipotle flavor was a bit more than the honey. One thing I absolutely love is the short rib gravy  fries. It is a hangover helper's dream! Savory, filling, gluttonous, cheese is involved. What more could you ask for? 

Unfortunately, I've seen workers eating behind the counter while waiting to pick up food. It's a little off-putting and it would be nice if they didn't do it in plain sight. As many have mentioned, yes, it's cash only, which is a little inconvenient given the fact that most people don't carry a lot of cash (if any) on them. Fortunately, there's an ATM if you need it. All in all, a very nice addition to Fairmount/North Broad.
Santucci's has consistently excellent pizza with regular pizza place prices, which is difficult to find in Philly. I've dined in once and taken out four times so far, and the staff is very nice and accommodating. Be sure to check out the sandwiches as well. I'm very pleased to have this institution in the neighborhood!
I usually sit at the bar - plenty of seating and TVs. In an area with lots of trendy gastropub-type places, Santucci's is different. Very casual and comfortable - but still nice and good quality. I'd say it's a red sauce Italian place with great pizza (square with sauce on top) and I love the fact that I can go here and get this sort of food at the bar with a cold beer.

Decent tap selection - fairly standard mix including some bigger east coast craft selections (at the moment, selections from Victory, DFH, Yards, Brooklyn - among others). Nothing too obscure.

Definitely a step above most take out-oriented pizza joints.

Cash only.

I've found the street parking on North Broad to be very easy (especially across the street in the next block north).
I live nearby, so I was dissapointed when Alessandro's, which previously was in this location, closed. When I saw another pizza place would be opening up in it's place, I was excited. I dropped in on Friday night to get take-out, wanting to taste-test the new pizza place in town. I'm relatively new to Philly, but apparently Santuccis has other locations in the area.

I ordered a medium cheese pie, which was a rectangle, about 12 inches (on the diagonal), cut into 6 smaller rectangles. When i had brought the pie home, I was surprised to see the sauce was actually on top of the cheese. When I bit into it, I then questioned whether there was any cheese on it at all! There was in fact, but it was a very thin layer. The sauce was tasty, but the lack of cheese was dissapointing. 

Also, the fact that Santucci's is CASH ONLY was frustrating, especially considering it's a sit down Italian restaurant, with a full bar. In this day and age, I don't understand why a new place would open and be cash only. There is an ATM available to the left of the counter, but still...

The nice thing about Santucci's is that you can purchase beer/cider/alcohol in 6 packs here; not something you can find in the immediate vicinity.

I'd be willing to give them another try, but with another pizza place very close by, one that has nicely-cheesed pizza, I'm more tempted to go there.
CASH ONLY. This is a franchise chain not a small mom and pop shop. At this price point cash only is a farce. And the bathroom wasnt clean nornwasnthe hand drier working. Next.
DELIVERY ORDER: I ordered a burger and fries. Order arrived fairly quickly. I ordered my burger rare. It arrived not only well done but burnt which made the burger bitter and mostly inedible.
There food is very inconsistent. If you buy food during the week it taste nothing like the food on the weekend. My pizza on a Tuesday was great. On Saturday it was horrible. It was cold, cheese barely melted, 4 small pepperoni. On Tuesday I had large pepperoni. Also the garlic parmesan wings have no flavor. They are just fried and sprinkled with parmesan. It was a true waste of my money. If you decide to eat from there just make sure it's on the right day so you won't get horrible food.
We love all the food here. The creamy tomato soup is my wife's favorite. All the sandwiches are great and the appetizers too. Great for quick takeout and a nice place to dine in. It's comfort food after a long day or work. The staff is super friendly. My wife dropped her phone under the booth and the manager and two employees helped her retrieve it for a very long time and tried to make sure that she didn't feel bad about it.
Hands down the best pizza in Philly! Their pizza comes in small squares with the sauce on top and its absolutely fantastic. The crispy bottom crust, gooey mozzarella and the incredible sauce blends together perfectly. If your in town looking for a place to grab a slice head here!!
This place does not disappoint! Have gotten take out and have dined in. Wonderful and friendly staff in all of my experiences! Had the most attentive waitress this evening, and when getting cash out of the ATM, one of the chefs wanted to know how my experience was that night - what I got, how I liked it, etc. 

Obviously the Pizza is amazing, but they also have an extensive menu otherwise. Had the buffalo chicken bites which were out of this world!!! Can't wait to get them again. My favorite pies are the white Pizza with broccolini and the margarita! 

Happy hour specials M-F from 5-7pm $2 off all drafts! Make sure to check in for a free cookie or brownie when you visit. Cash only! But they do have an ATM in the restaurant!
Don't bother ordering thru this app. The business did not even have their tablet turned on.  Major fail.
A huge fan of the square pizza! i love how the cheese is inside and the sauce on top with the toppings. One thing that is annoying is that this place is cash only esp annoying when coming home from work and dont have cash on me. The pizza itself is pretty good, it gets cold really quickly when we take-out. The other annoying thing is we cant substitute toppings and get charged for extra toppings.  Overall, good pizza and will keep ordering.
Worst service I've ever experienced. I would give zero stars but unfortunately have to give one to give a rating.
Been here many times before, must have either changed owners or manager. Went from 4 stars to -4 stars. 
First , our waitress was new and wasn't trained. She couldn't answers any questions and kept walking away to find someone to ask. Then took our drink order and disappeared. When the drinks finally came, they were small and the martinis were only 3/4 full.  Okay, that happens. But wait, when we got the check, they charged $17.00 for a martini, Tito's!!!!!
Jean George, the new HIGH end restaurant at the top of the Comcast building only charges $15.00. 

The manger came over and said "in NY they charge $18.00". We said this is a pizza restaurant on North Broad Street!!!

Food was just okay but not anything like it was a few months back. If you go, ask the cost of the drinks you want or you'll get a big surprise
I've never been here before but I'm sure happy I tried this place. On my last day of work before shutting down, 3 of us on a skeleton crew, shared a Bbq chicken pizza. Delish!
Great pizza. Everything else I've tried from here hasn't been too good. Especially the spaghetti and meatballs. The prices are constantly going up. I get the same order every time. Last year it was $13. It was $14 six months ago. Now it's $15. 

They also keep switching back and fourth between accepting credit cards and cash only. They take cards for online orders but not in person. I don't understand why a well established place like Santuccis doesn't take cards in 2019. 

Some of my favorite pizza ever though so I keep going back.
Don't waste your time or money. This dressed up pizza place looks nice but the food tastes like wood. I had a flavorless chicken parm sandwich. Chicken was crunchy with no seasoning. Sauce didn't taste anything & I guess they forgot the cheese. My mom had an equally underwhelming chicken cheesesteak. Trust me, your corner store makes better food.
So in my last review I gave this place 2-3 stars mainly because of the delivery. Recently I have decided to give this place a try because their pizza is just so damn good. 

To be honest, I have now ordered delivery about 3 times from these folks and each time the pizza has arrived faster than expected. 

I've always and currently do maintain that this is truly some outstanding pizza. Their plain pie is still one of my favorites and I can not recommend the buffalo chicken enough. 

I am glad to see that the delivery issues have resolved and can happily say I would endorse and recommend this place!
Usually order from the 10th street location on Grubhub but they weren't delivering so I went with broad street. I ordered the Granny Smith Apple salad and there was more hair and unidentified items in my food than there was onions. Thanks, just what I ordered.
I was so thrilled to stumble upon this gem in Fairmount.  I had never been to the other location so this was my first time trying Santucci's.  I loved that the happy hour started at 3:00 since sometimes you need a happy hour to start earlier than 5:00. I had the pleasure of being waited on by Josh.  Josh was very professional, made me feel welcome and was a wonderful conversationalist.  He was letting me know how great the food is at Santucci's and that all of the employees and staff are treated well. That is important for me to know when going to an establishment. Josh made a mean Mojito - - and also recommended some of the Happy Hour food specials.  I had the chicken fingers which were amazing and enough to take home!  Can't beat it and I will be back and recommending to friends and the Yelp Elite community..  Thank you Josh and thank you Santuccis.  Hope to see you soon.
I really enjoyed my visit to Santucci's prior to attending a show at The Met. We informed the server right away that we had only 50 minutes before we had to start walking to the show, and she made sure we got out in time. Our specialty cocktails were delicious and quickly served. Our pizza was REALLY good and our only regret is that we had to leave before finishing that last piece.

I'm not in Philadelphia but I would visit here frequently if given the chance. Very pleased with our visit!
The homemade style honey mustard and the chicken fingers are the best, so are their wings. Not a fan of thick crust Chicago style deep dish pizza but hey that's not their fault, that's just me.

Also they have a bar conveniently tucked on the side so if all you want to do is pop in to get a couple of drinks and watch the game somewhere other than your apartment this place is it,  down-to-earth, unpretentious, and quality take out style food.
This is what happens when you nice popular and don't care about customer service. 
We ordered with my work at 12:40pm and where told it would be 1 hour. The delivery came at 2:13pm way past our lunch break and when I called they said that they told us an hour and a half. The man who answered the phone hung up on me when I asked him his name. 
I always liked this place but will never order from them again as they have zero interest in customer service
The food was really good but the waitress was horrible. She never came back to check how the food was or to see if anybody needed a refill. It took at least 30 minutes to get the check. Didn't come by to see if anything needed to be wrapped up and taken home. The worst service I've had by far.She basically took the order dropped off the food and that was the end of her for the rest of the time.
Cash only. Other than that, the place is great. One of the best pizzas in all of Philly, and therefore one of the best pizzas in all of the world. It's not Sicilian, it's not your typical round pie, it's Santucci's and it's different. The sauce is on top of the cheese and the crust is firm and flavorful. The atmosphere is really nice and the service is great. It's trendy enough to get away with pizza prices on the high end. A $10 personal pie is plenty filling and really big enough to split with someone.
No thank you! Absolutley a horrible place for Italian cuisine, just plain nasty and horrible customer service. Since when does the bartender dig his nose and stick it on the counter nasty nasty nasty!!!!!!!
square pizza sounded intimidating to me at first but once i gave it a chance i will never go back. i loved the plain cheese square pizza from here. you can taste the freshness of the ingredients from the sauce to the silky mozz used in the pizza.
The food is nothing special.  Ordered the "works" pizza and it tastes just like Papa Johns...(not exactly fresh Italian pizza). I also ordered the mozzarella sticks and sautéed broccoli rabe. You would think they would sauté the broccoli rabe in garlic and olive oil but no.  Tasted like it was steamed and had absolutely no seasoning.  Waitress offered us salt and pepper for it. Weird. The mozzarella sticks would have been good if they were fresh out of the fryer, however they were room temperature and the cheese inside was pretty tough instead of melty.  Customer service wasn't great.  The blonde woman who looked like the manager was loudly ordering around all the servers which seemed quite unprofessional. Lastly, when I showed the server the free dessert coupon from yelp, she asked the manager who said it was expired.  Maybe if it's expired then you should take down the coupon? I wasn't seen by a manager or anything about this.  Overall poor customer service and mediocre food. Not coming back.
I love the pizza, which is why I'm disappointed to give 1 star.  Santucci's advertise that they are open until 10pm, but I got there 9:40 pm, looking forward to getting a pizza (only takes 10 minutes, I would have been out by 9:50pm), but they said they were closed.  If you are going to shut down at 9:30pm, so you can leave at 10pm, then advertise that you close at 9:30pm.  Don't false advertise that you're open until 10pm, and spend 9:30 to 10pm closing the registers and cleaning up...that should be done when you officially close at 10pm.  That's just bad business and poor customer service.
Super thin and dry compared to the usual deliciously santuccis thick saucy pizza. I love Santucci's but I'm pretty disappointed tonight! $26 bucks so I'd like it to be consistent!
I think my rating will go up when I get pizza next time.   The pizza looks great. 

Today we got the caesar salad and chicken parmigiana.   Both were good. 

The staff is very nice.
This pizza spot is offering outdoor seating and great food. It was my first time in philly and I was looking for a pizza that would make the day. I found it here with this lovely staff. Get some!!
Came here with my roommate who was a former employee. The manager Alice came out and told us she was not comfortable with us being in the restaurant because my roommate 'left on bad terms' and created a bad environment. I told her that we were paying customers and that she had no basis to kick us out. She took our menus and told us to leave. After years of working at many restaurants and working in customer service, I have never experienced such an unprofessional environment. Their food is not nearly good enough for them to treat customers this way.
Was driving home thru the city with a friend on Sunday and was super hungry and we were able to find parking out front so we stopped here. I haven't been to santuccis in years, and have only been to the original location so this was my first time here. My friend got the buffalo chicken personal pizza, and I got a salad. We both got a soda and a water (damn you philly soda tax) and enjoyed our meals. The salad was one of the best "pizza shop salads I've ever had. Portions were huge! And service was great. Cash only was my only complaint, but they have an atm in the bar area to get cash!
I love Santucci's! I've only gotten take out but every time I've been very impressed. "The works" pizza is sooo good. We also were looking for a new cheesesteak spot in the neighborhood after jimmy g's closed down and we're very pleasantly surprised with the cheesesteak. The sesame seed bun was perfect and the meat and cheese were delicious!! The fries are also always great.
Picked up a pie to go and was excited to compare it to the other Detroit/Philly style pizzas in the city. It was just ok. The sauce tastes mass produced and the pizza was pretty soggy. It was easy to customize so that is a plus, but I won't be returning.
