This is the first spot I hit up when I got to Philly. I saw this on a lot of food lists and had to make my way over. I ordered the works. They are known for their square pizzas. A pan crusted style pizza with cheese in the middle and sauce on top. It takes away the soggyness of a normal pizza. They did a great job and the bite of the sauce was delicious! I really enjoyed the crispy of the crust. It was a good solid pizza. Great way to start my trip in Philly.

Recommendation: The Works Pizza
I've never reviewed Santucci's?!?! Wow. This is our go-to pizza place. Only most of the time, we don't go, we just order. Their delivery has always been fast and accurate. The square pizza is definitely unique in that the crust is much thinner than a typical Sicilian pie and it is topped with a thin layer of mozzarella first, and zesty sauce on top of that. The best topping we've tried is the sausage. It has a great flavor and always gets slightly crisp on top. Meatball pies are great too, but the meatballs have a distinct spice to them, something along the lines of nutmeg. So if that's not your thing, take note. 

The Caesar salad is decent, but I always forget that their dressing is super creamy yet not very flavorful. I don't taste the saltiness or brine from anchovies at all whenever I have their Caesar. I actually prefer the house dressing that comes with the side salads. Sandwiches are awesome, and in addition to the good old cheesesteak, they also serve a garlic bread cheesesteak. Giddy up! 

The boyfriend is a bit taken aback that I'm only giving four stars here, but I'm a Jersey girl and I know there's better pizza to be had right across the bridge. But I will go as far to say that this is the best pizzeria-style pie in Philly.
When I was living in San Diego all I was thinking about was getting my hands on a Santucci's pie. Pizza out in San Diego, well all of Southern California is horrendous. It is never cooked right, I would always ask if they can make it well done. They love that doughy pizza out there, and the crust, don't even get me started. Plus the taste is bland, more like there is none. The saying is so true when they say "You can't have your cake and eat it too". The weather, and scenery hands down is unbelievable, but the pizza isn't.

Well guess what Yelp fam, I'm back and I'm singing that song Cheek to Cheek every time I walk in. I'm pretty sure Fred Astaire would be content with my voice. (Check the footnote at the end of this review.)

What makes a good pizza stand out from the others? It's all about the foundation. The crust, the dough, and that sauce. You need some kind of tang to it where it just stands out from the rest. Santucci's nails it in every which way. Yes I know there are plenty of establishments out there that also meet those standards, and I too am a fan of them. 

Pizza~ Now this isn't your traditional pie, this is not that perfect circumference one is used to. If you're the type that loves toppings on a pizza then I suggest you rock out The Works pie. Now this bad boy has some weight to it, so be ready. I also enjoy their Margherita pie with that fresh basil taste to it, hitting your taste buds from left to right with every bite. Pieces of mozzarella and tomatoes strategically placed throughout this work of art. 

Here is something else we enjoyed, and it's their wings. Garlic Parm wings for the win my friends. Nice sized meaty wings that will take you more than one bite to finish.

Now if you're not into pizza Santucci's menu is pretty impressive from sandwiches, flat breads, burgers, even down to pasta dishes. Santucci's also do brunches for those who can't decide if they want breakfast or lunch. Let me tell you I'm all about that brunch menu. If you can't find something on this menu that will raise an eyebrow, you might as well just leave. 

In closing I leave you with this. Seeing the area you are in with other establishments doing their thing Santucci's has been here holding it down, and I really don't see them going anywhere. I love this area with the competition all around. 

With kind regards,
-Nando
P.S. Santucci's is considered an O.G. (Original Gangster) in my opinion.


**Footnote** 
A few verses from Cheek to Cheek: Heaven, I'm in heaven, 
And my heart beats so that I can hardly speak
And I seem to find the happiness I seek
When we're out together dancing, cheek to cheek.
~ Fred Astaire
I am totally grossed out by the experience I just had. My bf and I ordered a medium pizza and a panzenalla salad. The delivery person brought a medium pizza and a hamburger with french fries. I immediately called santucci to let them know about the mix up. I got put on hold twice. Then I was told to hold onto the hamburger and the salad would be delivered. Ten minutes later the delivery man came back with no salad and asked for the burger back. He then asked "you didn't do anything to the burger right?". Clearly he was then delivering the burger that sat in my apartment for 15 minutes to another customer. GROSS! I didn't do anything to the burger but still. There's something very unsettling about thinking that they redeliver items that were in the wrong customer's house rather than making a fresh order. Then he came back to my place a bit later with the salad. I tossed it in the trash because there's no way that I trust that it didn't sit in someone else's house. I was annoyed at my bf for not asking for his money back.

It's one thing to mix up an order. Sure it happens. But to redeliver food after it sat in another customer's house is straight up NASTY.

I used to order or eat in from Santucci's a few times a month. Never again. I am grossed out and they lost my business for good.
Was SO looking forward to eating a pizza and some garlic parmesan fries from Santucci's last night after a long Monday at work... but unfortunately that did NOT happen.
Called my order in at 7:30... told delivery would be there within the standard 45 minutes. 45 minutes comes and goes, 1 hour comes and goes and we are bordering on 1.5 hours. After the 1 hour mark I call to check and see if there is a problem.. I was told it was on it's way and should be there within 10 minutes... 30 minutes later, still no pizza. Call back to Cancel the order and was told it was JUST coming out of the oven and they gave us MAJOR attitude about canceling. 

Maybe next time.... maybe never.
I have a friend who lives a block from here, and I don't know how he doesn't weigh 5,000 pounds.  Up there with the most wonderful pizzas in Philadelphia, and incredibly affordable.

The crust is chewy, the sauce (on top of the cheese so it cooks through) is sweet and salty, but smooth instead of chunky.  The pepperoni didn't quite stand up to the incredibly flavorful sauce, so I'm sticking with my lady's favorite, that delicious sausage pie.

Every time I go in I want to try a sandwich, which I see marching past me to other tables looking incredible.  And every time I instead order the pizza.  It's crack and I am an addict.

It's also crazy affordable: a medium pie and six wings for around $20.  Incredible.
tl;dr a family-run BYOB pizzeria cooking up signature square pies among other Italian fare

Many Philly-ites swear by Santucci's, and it's not hard to see why -- the original location in South Philly has been serving up some of the city's best pizzas since 1959. Dished out exclusively by the pie, the pizzas have a signature thin-crust and square-shape, crafted uniquely with the cheese underneath the sauce. The pies are wood-fire to-order, so expect to wait 20 minutes or so for it. The non-pizza options at Santucci's are middling at best, and it's for this reason that I'm only giving it 4 stars.

The original Italian Market location is situated unassumingly on a quiet residential corner. But as soon as you walk in, the delectable smells of fresh-baked Italian herbs and spices. The majority of the space is taken up by the large, open kitchen, where a half dozen staff members are hard at work cranking out pies. The simple seating area toward the right of the restaurant is crammed with numerous two-seater wooden tables, flanked by the homey atmosphere of exposed brick and red shiplap ceilings. Walls are decorated with Italian accents including wine bottles and framed prints. But nonetheless. Santucci's remains with the times, featuring a flat-screen and stereo sound system.

During this past visit, my partner and I were really craving some high-end pizza, and ordered The Works, decked out in pepperoni, sausage, peppers, mushrooms, and onions. As always, Santucci's continued to dazzle us with their pie, served on a wooden pizza platter with a full-sized spatula. The large is enormous, sporting 17" x 12" dimensions. The layer of cheese separating dough from sauce ensured that the pizza never ended up a soggy mess. The crust was crisp and buttery -- even I, a notorious non-crust eater, chomped down on every last bite. The red sauce was sweeter than chain pizzerias', accentuating the freshness of the ingredients. The sausage, meanwhile was robustly savory, perfectly complimenting the peppers and onions.

For $28, we enjoyed one of our favorite pizzas in Philly, and still had two slices to take home. While I'm skeptical of whether delivery would end up the same quality, I have no doubt that I'll be back in-person soon enough.
While in town we had to stop in and try the original square pizza of Philidelphia. The atmosphere is nice, the staff was very friendly and welcoming and the menu is loaded with all the Italian classics. 

We started with a order of fried long hots. They were slightly crispy, nice and tender and a bit of a kick. Overall great appetizer. Next we ordered their original square pizza with half veggie and half works. The dough was nice and crispy, the toppings were fresh and the sauce was very flavorful. My only complaint was the sauce was very watery. I am not sure if this has to do with their style of putting the sauce on top of the cheese maybe it doesn't cook into the dough or they make their sauce on the runny side. But don't let my thoughts stop you the food was amazing. 

Side note while we were in town and stopping at as many restaurants as possible to enjoy the best of Philly, of course we had a lot of left overs and given it all to the homeless. After talking with the staff and letting them know, they were amazing and super generous to make a additional small pizza for us free of charge to give to the homeless.  That was so thoughtful!
My review shall be fair and balanced.  Not in a Fox News kind of way, but really, truly so.

I have eaten at Santucci's twice, gotten take out once, and had delivery once.  I have tried many things both on and off the menu, and I must say, I love this place.  It's one of my new favorites in Philly, regardless of price.

I don't generally like thicker crust pizzas.  For the most part, my favorite Philly pizza spots sell extremely thin crust pies.  Barbuzzo, Osteria, Zavino, and Slice are on the thin end of the pizza spectrum.  i tend to stay on that end. Thick crusts remind me of my "ignorance is bliss" youth of eating greasy Pizza Hut.  I was a chubby child.

When I first saw a Santucci's square pizza, I wasn't really impressed.  It looked like a tomato pie, as the cheese is placed between the crust and sauce.  meh.  But after my first bite, I was both impressed by  the quality and flavor of the crust, and by the how well the toppings and ratio of the toppings to crust worked.  It's just damn good pizza.  However, there's so much more to Santucci's.  I could go there every day, not get pizza, and be totally happy.  

If you look on the wall of the restaurant, there's a blackboard with the day's specials.  If I recall correctly, their current theme is "fall harvest."  On two occasions, I had the pasta special-  trofie with mushrooms, butternut squash, walnuts, and a couple of cheeses.  Trofie's a toothsome hand made gnocchi type thing, but pretty thin.  It's got some definite texture to it, which caught me off guard.  I wondered whether it was under cooked, but after a few more bites, it made sense.  The texture of the trofie, the earthiness of the mushrooms, the crunch of the occasional walnut, accompanied by the bits of sweet butternut squash is something that I would like to have in my mouth every day.  Really.  

And it gets better.  On my last trip to Santucci's, there was a roasted chicken special:  Half of a roasted, boneless chicken,  sausage and herb bread pudding, broccoli raab.  I've been on a roasted chicken as of late, and wanted to see the chef's take on this simple, but usually disappointing dish.  I was blown away.  It was easily the best chicken dish I've ever had.  The skin was crisp, well seasoned, and perfectly draped the well salted and herbed meat underneath.  Every single bite was juicy and full of flavor.  Even the breast, which I usually avoid in restaurants, was incredibly moist.  The sides were great too, but the chicken was the star.  I will go back for the chicken.  And get this:  it cost $14.  I could eat this meal every day.  

Summary:  Pizza is good, specials are amazing. 

Downsides:  The service isn't exceptional, but it's a pizza place with a young wait staff.  They are more than friendly and perfectly suited to the type of restaurant.  I have had to wait  a bit longer than I would have liked on occasion, but for the quality of food and what you pay for it, I don't care.  If you make me wait, it better be worth it, and it has been, every time.
Found a piece of twisted metal in my pizza tonight. 

They were less than helpful when I called to let them know about this quality control issue. I understand that part of the problem was that we had eaten most of the pizza. But still - someone tells you they found metal in your food, you need to take that seriously. I asked if someone would come out to take a look at the metal, and I was told that there was no pizza left to pickup, we had obviously enjoyed the pizza, so no one would be coming by. 

Anyway, just be on the lookout - hopefully this was just a freak occurence...
I write a 1 star review for Santucci's with great reluctance. I have had many great meals from this place and order 1 to 2 times a week.  On this particular night my order consisted of 2 chicken Caesar salads and an antipasto board.  As usual they estimated the delivery to be 45 mins.  

After 1 hour I called to see if my order was possibly forgotten.  I was told it went out 8 minutes prior to my call (so 52 mins to make 2 salads and cuts some lunch meat).  15 minutes later, 1 hr and 15 mins total, I finally hear the doorbell ring.  I grabbed my order, tipped the driver (not his fault right?), and opened the bags. What I found was plastic container for the antipasto that was minuscule (menu says feeds 2-3).  I called because I was upset that my $40 salad delivery was so light in the food.  The offer to me was to not eat the antipasto and they would send me a new one they could get out in 20 mins.  So after waiting 1hr and 15 mins I was supposed to now wait 20 mins (yeah right 20 mins).  I told her thanks but no thanks and hung up.  To perfect my evening I opened my Caesar salad to which I had asked for no croutons only to find them everywhere. 

This was an incredible dissappointment from a place I like so much and their remedy was unacceptable.  It's ashame because the food is great and although the service has always been slow the was ridiculous.
Pizza was good and our server was super accommodating and friendly. Prices are super affordable and the pies are sicilian-esque. AND they have Little Baby's Ice Cream on Thursdays if you dine in! Outside seating is a plus too. 

However, tip for the blonde server (I should have asked your name), DON'T talk about customers when they're still in the restaurant...or at all really! The fact that we didn't know it was cash only and that came off as "stupid" to you and you felt the need to let your co-workers know--while I was standing right behind you--pretty much made that the last time I'll be going here.

Overall, better pizza and better service a few blocks south at Francoluigi's!
Ordered delivery on a Friday night at 9pm. It arrived at 11pm completely burned. We called them within minutes of paying the delivery guy and they said we could WALK IT BACK to the restaurant to get our money back or fresh food, and that was all they could do. Ridiculous standard of quality, ridiculous treatment of customers, and ridiculous to not apologize and make amends for this garbage. Avoid this place.
Pure and simple: best pizza I've ever had. 
And their homemade cheese cake? In-sane.
Dude sitting to my right - both he and his chicken with rabe and orecchiette special looked scrumptious.
Caesar salad ... maybe pass, it's a little too mayo.
There's nothing to think about - just go.
South Philly stalwart Santucci's was founded by the late Joseph and Philomena Santucci. Since then, it's passed down to the third generation, with granddaughter Alicia at the helm. Given the popularity of their square slices, it seems as though the quality built on the foundation of a strong family business has held true through the years.

So when the GF's family was in town and we were itching for a proper slice by Italian Market, I knew to take them here. 

You can dine al fresco, but there's plenty of seating inside as well.

Fried Mozzarella with Marinara [$7]

The GF's a bit of a nut for mozzarella sticks and thankfully Santucci's were clearly homemade. Fresh, creamy mozzarella was coated with a nice breading studded with Italian seasonings. The tangy, sweet marinara was the perfect complement.

Grilled Chicken Sandwich [$9]
Grilled chicken, mild provolone, bacon, lettuce, tomato, avocado, mayo

Being the odd person out, the GF was more in the mood for a sandwich. The grilled chicken was good - great provolone, good seasoning on the chicken, and crusty bread. For me though, the sandwich ate slightly dry - it needed a bit more mayo and the bread to meat ratio was a bit skewed. You get a choice of hand-cut or sweet potato fries and the GF went with the latter. The sea salt was the perfect accent to the sweetness of the crisp fries.

The Works Square Pizza - Medium [$13]
Extra cheese, pepperoni, sausage, green peppers, mushrooms, onions 

For the rest of us though? We knew to get the square pizza. With the works no less. The creamy base of mozzarella was a nice contrast against the crispy, thin-crust dough, which was seasoned nicely with salt. The tangy, sweet marinara went swimmingly against the spicy Italian sausage, salty pepperoni, and the freshness of the mushrooms, green peppers, and onions. It's all about the corners for me - and I had 3 of them. My greed game is good.

Keep in mind - Santucci's is cash only. And the only way Santucci's could improve upon their pizza ? Delivery to Fairmount - stat! South Philly clearly has it in spades with the affordable, fresh, and delicious options at Santucci's. Not surprising considering it's right by Italian Market!
Are you kidding me with how great this place is! Good thing its not closer to where I live because I would be here every week. The food was amazing - highlight was the antipasto and then the spaghetti carbonara (not even the pizza), the service was top notch, and the pricing was better than great! Seriously - why dont they have more of these places around Philly, specifically one across from my apartment (at least I would get exercise walking across the street to burn off that delicious food). Get there now! You won't be disappointed.
The pizza has the sauce on top of the cheese. It was very good. We ordered a pizza with broccoli rabe (points for having this as an option), prosciutto, and fresh mozzarella. I didn't want the normal mozzarella though and it still came with it, so it was like cheese on cheese. It was a little too much cheese after the first slice, but it was delicious.

It seems that if you only want fresh mozzarella, and not the normal mozzarella, it is not enough to omit regular mozzarella from your description of the pizza you want. You need to specifically say that you do not want the normal mozzarella.
We've come here a bunch since moving to Bella vista. We loved their square pizza and chicken fingers with honey mustard. Recently they changed the chicken finger recipe. They used to be spicy and unique. Now they seem like they were made from the freezer. The fries used to be golden and perfectly salted and these were undercooked and way different. I asked for honey mustard and the cook said they recently took it off the menu. They used to offer a medium pizza. It was perfect for the two person household. Now we only have the option of a large (10 slices) or the "small" (4 slices and quite frankly a personal pie). Not only that but the pizza itself was sparse on the sauce, cheese, and the crust wasn't as thick and fluffy as it has been. 

I'm not sure what's going on with Santucci's but things seem to be going south. 

I'm very easy to appease as far as customer service goes but the service was disengaged and actually uncomfortable. 

Not sure if it's my last time going to Santucci's but I'm putting it out there for those who are also disappointed.
Used to go here every Friday night for a great meal ! Within the last 2 years they have cut corners eg. no specials on the board anymore ! Frozen chicken fingers instead of the old hand breaded ones! Half the amount of steak in their sandwiches! 
Higher prices! Not to mention signs everywhere to get a franchise ! Money  & expansion do not equal good product! Every time I go back it's a little worse, to the point that I won't go back anymore ! Don't waste your time or money going here! If you want a great steak or pizza go to Angelo's around the corner !
Best pizza ever!!! Its great that they deliver to all of South Philly. Blake, who answered the phone, was really helpful with my special requests. Kirby, our delivery driver was right on time, and helped me carry my pizza upstairs, because I had a big order. Its really outstanding employees like this, that make this place a south philly gem!
This place is a DISGRACE!!!  No customer service whatsoever! Had 2 sandwiches and a salad delivered and the bread and croutons were stale, meatballs SUCKED! ("mama's meatballs"...who puts cloves in meatballs?) called and complained, and the manager was a total JERKOFF! They refused to give me a refund and I even brought the food back..$30 down the drain.
NEVER AGAIN!!
The pizza is divine! I had heard the hype and was skeptical. Never fear. Santucci's followed through on their outlandish expectations with a delicious Square (rectangular) pizza. Get the sausage. So goood. The inside is small so try to come during off peak times or get it to go. It is perfect to bring to any friend hang out or party. It is a perfect little date spot. 

Get the pizza. Double down with the pizza. I'm sure other things are good but definitely the pizza. Perfect amounts of sauce and cheese. The dough is so soft and delicious. Get a large for yourself. you'll want the leftovers.

Definitely make sure to have cash, as it is cash only. They have an ATM but I always feel it goes better if you're prepared with some cash.
This is one of my favorite pizza places in Philly, both to eat-in and take out. They make a thick, sauce-on-top square pizza that is delicious. The chicken wings (per my husband), mozzarella sticks, and salads are all good too. Santucci's is cash only, but the prices are beyond reasonable and it's BYOB...so I forgive them!
Another day, another pizza craving. Santucci's was a solid option for a sista to get that 'za fix. After seeing several drool-worthy photos of the square legend all over Instagram and checking out the opinions of my fellow yelpers, finally decided to give this place a try.

Two of us shared the fries and caesar salad to start, both of which were well portioned and tasty. The croutons in the salad were next level. 

I got a personal pizza with banana peppers and pepperoni. Love that they take the upside down approach and put the cheese first with sauce layered on top. Nana peps gave that extra little kick that I was looking for. 

The space itself is nothing too memorable, but they have outdoor seating and our server was super sweet. Will definitely be back!
When my NY family comes to town, they seem to always wanna get Santucci's pizza. 
I shriek at them," What's wrong with you people?! This is not how we were raised!!!" just because I enjoy pointless dramatics and inappropriate outbursts of rage. 

Of course we're born thin crust people, but there's no denyin' that Santooch's, (can I call ya Santooch, Santooch? I already do, Santooch.) square crust, sauce-over-the-cheese pizza is very good eating. The not-too-thick crust always seems to keep its crunch through delivery travel (Well, we're only 7 blocks away...we could walk, I know) and I'm a fan that well-seasoned super-tomatoey Santucci pizza sauce.

Another thing, we recently split the braised short rib sandwich too. Pretty pretty pretty good... The meat is shredded and juicy. It comes on a seeded roll with cremini musrooms and oozy melted fontina. I hit it with a little hot sauce here and there. This 9 dolla sandwich comes with a side of hand-cut fries, and I have to say, I've never had any luck with them. When we've ordered em in the past, these potatoes show up either cold under-cooked, soggy and limp as a noodle, or they're burnt and saltless. Either way, I threaten to hurl them out the window for the pigeons.

'Sides that, you're aces with me, Santooch.
What the hell Philadelphia? This pizza is not good. 

The crust was bland, the cheese was stiff and greasy, and the sauce wasn't even worth remembering. This pizza reminded me of the cafeteria pizza you'd get in high school.
I have nothing good to say about this place. When I called to order the pizza the girl on the phone was very vague about the ingredients on the pizza and didn't seen like she wanted to be on the phone. 
Ordered the Veggie works pizza and it was so moist, so wet that it looked as if someone had thrown a glass of water on it. Also, ordered a Granny Smith salad and they sent a different kind of salad with a bunch of nuts in it, which goes to show how much attention the girl who took the order was paying. oh! and last  but not least, the delivery guy threw a fit because I refused to give him a $6  tip, he had a nasty attitude. My God, what a crappy place to order from, never again, never again.
I, Gil M., do hereby agree to uphold and be bound by this review, wherein Santucci's Pizza shall provide me with one or more of the followng:  (1) the best pizza, square or round, that delivers to the area known as my place of residence Graduate Hospital and its surrounding neighborhoods, herein referred to as 'Pizzaland' (2) enormous sandwiches comprising of seeded rolls stuffed with tasty meats and cheeses accompanied by fresh cut fries (3) dangerously addictive garlic bread cheesesteaks that for all purposes should be illegal in 49 US states (the 84 residents of Montana not-considered) (4) expedient delivery times of aforementioned hot-fresh goods within 30 to 40 minutes for an agreed-upon monetary value. In exchange for the opportunity to purchase the aforementioned items at the agreed-upon value, I agree to provide a suitable tip for delivery services and refrain from referring to completion of sale as "making it Santucci Time!" or "when the magic happens."

By submitting this review, I do recognize and affirm that such speech is agreed upon universally as "creepy," especially when so-called "making it Santucci Time!" frequently occurs during weekends and requires pants with elastic waistbands or a muumuu. Despite any romantic or sexual events that may occur during said period, whether or not they are the direct result of Santucci's pizza or other food products, no one needs to know about it unless they have already partaken in such events. In the event that someone inquires directly about the nature of such events during Santucci Time, I will speak to them directly and without childish euphemisms that make me seem like a 15-year-old boy about to make out with a girl for the first time.

Signed,

Gil M.
Yelp Member

Witnessing Notary: 

Timber
Gil M.'s cat
Considerably the best brunch I've ever had. 

My friend and I decided to bypass the usual contingent of busy brunch spots after reading the menu posted out front. Best decision ever. Our waitress was attentive and nice, you could tell the cook appreciated the details in his food because the presentation and taste was spot on, and the coffee was out of this world. 

I'll definitely be coming back to Santucci's during my next trip to Philly, for brunch or anything else on the menu.
I can't believe how many good reviews this place has! I went here with a friend on a whim and we had a really bad experience. The waitstaff was INCREDIBLY slow, I believe it took us well over an hour to get our order of a pizza and a salad. There was no attention paid to our table at all, and the waitstaff had only two other tables to serve. At one point the the hostess(?) got into a loud conversation that ruined any kind of ambiance this place had. 

And the food? I was thoroughly unimpressed with their infamous square pizza, it tasted like a slightly improved version of Ellio's. And what kind of Italian restaurant doesn't offer ANY pasta dishes? This place didn't feel like a restaurant so much as felt like a hoagie shop pretending to be a restaurant. 

The family members who inherited this business really need to figure out what they are doing, and for God's sake, improve the food.

Pros

-honestly can't think of any

Cons

-very slow service, not very friendly either, but people were horsing around in the back, but too busy to help us
-food was really plain and not tasty
Got take out from here after moving into the neighborhood, and honestly I'm shocked this place doesn't have a better rating!

Ordered online which was easy and got a text saying our pizza was ready. Not a massive selection of pizzas I suppose, and its  not really the fancy stuff you might get at many center city pizza joints, but its got what you need. We got a veggie pizza with shrooms, broccoli rabe, extra cheese and some other delicious things. The sauce goes ON the cheese which was weird to think about but this pizza was AMAZING. Honestly, the crust was probably the best part. Ever so slightly crispy on the bottom, fluffy, and great flavor. The sauce also had just a hint of sweetness which was great. We also got an apple and gorgonzola salad which was a surprisingly massive helping, and delicious too. A very nice mix of flavors and not heavy on anything in particular. The pickled onions were an especially nice surprise. 

Didn't take us long, but I think we found our neighborhood pizza joint. Check them out for sure! Just don't get delivery cuz it seems like thats most peoples problem with the place?
SERVICE:  Excellent.  

CROWD:  Laid back.

DOUCHE-BAGS:  N/A

BEER SELECTION:  Santucci's is BYOB, and because of this it's incredibly fun.  No corking or service fees.  They'll bring you anything you need to enjoy your adult beverage.    

FOOD:  Square pizza, but perhaps the best in the city.  Get the plain, as you always should when trying new pizza, but the meatball and onion is out of this world.  The white pizza is excellent, but again try the plain first.  Santucci's doesn't stop with the pizza, order anything off the menu and you won't be disappointed.  

I understand that Philadelphia natives might knock a star off because Santucci's is a "chain".  I respect that, but politely disagree.  I love any place where six people can show up at 7 PM on friday, sit down promptly, drink the beers they brought, eat the best pizza in the city, all while the servers smile and make sure everything is okay.  You'll smile too when that six person bill is under fifty bucks!
Now I normally come here for dinner (and love it) - but today I didn't feel like dealing with all the craziness of all the traditional brunch places in Phila, so we decided to give it a go for brunch!

We got there right at opening (10 am), so it was pretty dead. We got two egg sandwiches, tater tots, and pancakes, (don't judge us ) and let me tell you what I was so pleasantly surprised. The sandwich was huge and so was the serving of tater tots. Everything was delicious. I feel like we discovered a hidden gem of a brunch spot - especially since it's BYOB! We asked the waitress if it's normally more crowded and she said it really just depends. I will now be coming here for more than just pizza! (But definitely still for pizza because well it's amazing)
This place gets 5 stars when they start accepting cards.

Simply put though, this is our go to spot for takeout when my wife and I cannot agree on a spot to order from.  Their pizza is amazing. Not quite tomato pie, not quite pizza, somewhere in between. Imagine a thin crust sicilian if you can. Dough is crisp on the outside, soft on the inside. They also have thin crust "fancy" pizzas that are good too, but seriously, just go traditional and get their hybrid pan baked pie.

Great sandwiches too, short rib sandwich is AWESOME. Another go to for me is their Garlic Bread Cheese Steak.  Yes, you read that right. Cheese Steak on garlic bread.  Wings are good, but we only ever get the garlic parmesian so I can't say how their other sauces/flavors are.

My wife says this place ruined ceasar salads for her, because now she can only ever get them from here. She will actually crave this once a month like a pregnant woman craves pickles and ice cream.

Go there now, and eat all of their pizza!
Ok, so the second night in our new place my girlfriend and I ordered pizza, which we both swore was the best pizza we had in Philly.  Unfortunately we did not save anything, and by the next time we went to order pizza, we had forgotten the name.  Well, I am happy to say we found it last night after we went to Lowes and my starving (and cranky) girlfriend begged me for pizza.  I had my doubts when we first walked in, but the food was delicious! We ordered the granny smith apple salad.  The salad was very good with plenty of apples, candied walnuts, Gorgonzola, and pickled onions.  My only complaint was there was too much dressing, so I recommend asking for the dressing on the side.  Then we got the medium pizza, half sausage, half plain.  I was so thrilled to see that we had finally found our mystery pizza! It is definately unique to Philly.  While it is square like a Sicilian, there is a layer of cheese underneath the sauce.  And, the tomatoe sauce is wonderful.  I would definately recommend a topping.  The sausage was delicious and added some crisp to the pizza.  We will def be going back or ordering in soon!
The sauce and crust of this pizza is pretty magical.  I've never had pizza where it is flip-flopped like it is here, with the cheese on bottom and sauce on the top.  

I've only been here once for a sit-down meal, and it was lunch on a weekend when it wasn't too crowded.  However, every other time I've come in here to pick up food it was been a madhouse!  I'm not sure if they take reservations, but if you want to eat here, have a plan and maybe a pre-dinner snack.

Aside from the pizza, I've also tried their sandwiches which are also pretty good.  The portions are huge, so be prepared to take some home for later.

Oh yes, and I did want to say that despite it always being crowded here, the staff is always so friendly and helpful.  I'm glad they are finally open after walking by here and seeing it develop!
Make no mistake, the pizza at Santucci's is excellent. However, on a recent visit we got a salad that was drenched with dressing and was uneatable. Upon return of the waitress to our table, we notified her of the problem and the salad was taken off the table.

Upon receipt of our bill, we were disappointed the salad remained on the bill. We asked the waitress who said she did bring it to the attention of the owner but he refused to take it off the bill.

The owner refused to acknowledge a request to speak about the situation and refused to come out of the back. 

This is not the first we observed rude behavior on part of the owner (or manager). Secondly, as we were waiting for the owner to acknowledge the problem, we noticed an abundance of cameras and perhaps microphones in the dining area. Not sure why a BYOB would need such high security.

It seems like from the reviews I have read that I am not the only person who has encountered horrific service at this establishment.

Personally, I will NEVER patronize the poor behavior of this establishment.
It's even good the next morning for breakfast.

I grabbed a medium pie with pepperoni for my first attempt at Santucci's.  I called the restaurant asking for the website and the kind man that answered the phone told me that the site wasn't ready yet but he would e-mail me the pdf.  Moments later, it arrived in my inbox.  Points for customer service!

The pizza is quite tasty.  The sauce is not overly sweet and with some crushed red pepper on top (my favorite addition) this pie went perfectly with True Blood.  The medium had a good price and it arrived in about an hour.  I'm sure it would have been quicker if I picked it up.

Anyhoo, sauce on top, cheese on bottom.  Definitely a change but I appreciate variety.  The crust is not Sicilian thick but it's not thin either.  Somewhere in the middle and I'm fine with that.

Will I crave it everyday?  Probably not, but I'll be ordering again.
DO NOT EVER ORDER FROM THIS PLACE! They have the worst customer service I have ever encountered. 
I found a hair, which appears pubic in nature and I called and they refused to give a refund. They wanted me to bring the pizza back to them (it was delivery) despite that it was freezing and after 9pm. When I said I don't understand - I didn't want to bring the pizza back and I definitely didn't want another pizza I was told I was being "difficult" and I had to bring the pizza back to make sure I "wasn't lying". I said I can send you a picture, however that would not suffice. The manager was just plain mean!
So, attached is the picture here and I'm really sorry they lost my business and any referrals.
Gave this place another try last night since our bad experience was with their wheat pizza instead of the standard.
 The guy who took my order was polite, the delivery was fast (especially considering how long it took last time) but then I open the box and the sauce is all on one side from it being angled which was quite the bummer, but not the end of the world when you have to grab a butter knife to spread your sauce.
The pizza was okay, I liked it more than my bf did (who hated it). I wish that we would've had a better experience since I've read so many great reviews but a bad experience twice is enough to give up.
This pizza is delicious! Definitely a heartier slice than your average pie. I really liked the tangy, salty sauce; it helped cut the richness of the crust. Their delivery was exactly on time, with zero issues. And for $13 for a medium sausage pizza that I split with my better half, what could beat that?! I am looking forward to the one slice left over for tomorrow's lunch!
I'm going to review this in clipped bursts in honor of how the S. Philly Santucci's staff acts towards and around customers. 

Good pizza. But better be piping hot. Old school. Unhappy. Helps if Italian. Hurts if not. IMO. Cash only. ATM in back. BYOB. Leggings only. Cleavage. Jugs. You gonna order or what. What can I get you hon. Chewy if not hot. No substitutions. Serves sausage. Serves egg sandwich. No sausage and egg sandwich. No adjustments. Not a true example. Just an example. That sorta thing though. Good pizza. Really good. Has to be hot. Deal with the 'tude. Enjoy.
We've been eating at Santucci's regularly for about two years (maybe once or twice a month). We've never been great fans of the pizza as pizza. It tastes ok, though a little too salty, but its not where we go when we're in the mood for pizza. We order the other foods on the menu. I like to get the granny smith salad but the last two times I ordered it it came with ceasar dressing not the the apple cider vinegarette as it says in the menu.  It does not taste good with ceasar dressing. 

The veggie panini was bland and came with a truely sad amount of fries. The eggplant was undercooked and was tough.

The Santucci's burger was good and perfectly cooked to order.  We usually also like the wings. 

My biggest problem with Santucci's, though, is that they are inconsistent.  Sometimes the food is good and sometimes its a huge disapointment. They've fallen off lately. 

It's also pretty frustrating that they do not accept credit cards. They have an atm in the restaurant which is fine except I don't appreiciate having to pay a premium for taking money out just so they done have to pay credit card fees and maintain their cash business.
Grabbed a personal pizza to go from here the other day because I have heard so many things about it. I love square pies, so I wanted to check it out for myself. Walked over on a beautiful day and ordered a personal pie with long hots and sausage. It was ready in about 10 minutes and I walked it back home.

When I got it home, it was still warm, which is always a plus in the take out pizza realm. I really enjoyed the pizza. Nice and crisp crust, not too heavy. I was able to eat the pizza with ease and not feel sick to my stomach aftwards, which is a lot more than I can say about most places. I loved the cheese to sauce ratio and even loved that the sauce was on top of the cheese. The additions of sausage and long hots simply kicked it up to another level for me.

Definitely worth a trip to check out the pizza. It was really tasty.
Great service whether it's delivery or dine-in. The pizza is a must order- I love it with bacon. The sauce is placed on top of the cheese and it's perfect. Crunchy, thick crust and cheese that does that has awesome stringiness when eaten hot are perfect compliments to the delicious tomato sauce. 

Other winners: the orecchiette pasta with sausage is my favorite, the panini with pulled pork has a refreshing slaw (and perfect fries) & the carbonara. 

If you're dining in you must get the antipasto board. It's enormous and such a steal. There's tons of variety of meats, cheeses, pickled veg, bread, etc. we always order this with friends- especially when there's a few bottles of wine involved (byob w/o cork fee yay).
Spectacular pizza! I usually get takeout. 
Pizza here is awesome. Crispy crust. I love the sauce on top with the cheese underneath it. The sauce is tangy and wonderful. Usually get sausage and broccoli rabe. 
It's a tad pricey, but it is great great pizza.
1. Love this pizza. I always order "well done" because I like a crispy crust. The sausage is my favorite. I love a sausage crumble, not a sausage slice, and Santucci's does it to perfection. The sauce is spicy but not overwhelming. And my favorite part is they use limited cheese which eliminates a lot of the grease you normally taste/feel when eating pizza. I have also tried a white pizza with just bacon on it and was very impressed. Good traditional Italian flavors in these square pies. 

2. The rest of the menu is excellent as well. The Granny Smith Apple salad is awesome. Heck, everything looks awesome, but I can only eat so much!

3. The staff is so friendly. Friday and Saturday nights during the rush they still are perky and happy and make sure you get what you want. 

4. It is BYO, who could ask for more.

They also have a wide delivery range that I am just outside of. It is worth it to swing by and pick up a pie. I have now eaten at the one in Manayunk, South Philly, and Northeast on Woodhaven Rd. The one in South Philly is by far the most enjoyable meal as well as having the most variety on the menu.
I think this is one of the most underrated brunch spots in Philly. It's a total delight. The waitresses are lovely and very attentive. The food is wonderful and very reasonably priced. Honestly, I think it would be good for them to actually raise their prices. I love the laid back atmosphere. 

The only issue is that the timing of when the food comes out is not great. On multiple occasions, I've been eating with a group there and there has been a twenty minute gap in between people's orders coming to the table, which is an issue. I wish they would fix this and time everything better, but this is my only complaint.
The pizza here is tops or as the kids say now "it's the tits." I heard a kid say that last week...I realize I can't pull it off....I'm getting old. A great sweet sauce with a fantastic crust- a thin sicilian that is perfectly crispy and almost buttery. Fanfoogintastic. Although I usually get takeout, my brother and his family was in town and he is a pizza slut so  we stopped in. The waitress was friendly and accommodating to our large group. We had their tomato pie and their special- good mix of meats and vegs and some meatballs. The meat balls were pretty good, they have a slight cinnamon taste to them that's different, but the pizza is the star by far. But we skipped dessert cuz Santucci's is across from Isgro's, and that's a big bag of sucks for the dessert chef at Santuccis's cause I'm probably never going to wrap my fat fingers around any of their desserts  b/c of Isgro's cock blocking.
Made it to Santucci's last evening after returning from Mexico. It was the only place open and we craved a traditional American Burger. Somehow, Santucci's was the only worthwhile place open after 9 within walking distance for us that had a burger. 

The wings were good, as always, but for a place known for their pizza, I was pleasantly surprised with their burger and fries. Maybe it's because I've been chowing down on Mexican and seafood for about 8 days straight but we were both very happy with what we got. 

Service was also great and the server had a great attitude despite us being the only diners there past 9pm (Sorry! We were starving and had no food in the house after our trip!).

Five stars all the way and thanks for not closing down early! We appreciated it!
My friend and I came here in the middle of the day on a Saturday (around 2:30pm) and it was empty. We split a Large (17") Veggie Works (extra cheese, spinach, broccoli rabe, green peppers, mushrooms, and onions). It was delicious! 

I was curious to see if the order of crust, cheese, sauce, toppings really made for a different experience than the usual order of crust, sauce, cheese, toppings. To be honest, it wasn't better, but it also wasn't worse - just a new way to see the world of pizza. We ate half the pizza there and took the other half home. Overall, a great deal for delicious pizza!
We had a delicious first time visit to Santuccis. We ordered sweet potatoes fries to start with Caesar salads to go with the pizza. 

The sweet potato fries are a huge portion, shared with 2 adults and 3 kids. We ordered 2 Caesar salads to share, allowing the kids to eat.  The salad had a great garlic flavor.

We ordered The Works pizza which had sausage, pepperoni,  cheese, sauce, mushrooms, onions and green bell pepper.  They are known for their square pizzas made in a pan where the cheese goes on the bottom and sauce on the top. 

We definitely will be coming again.
Ignoring the whole cheese on the bottom issue most people seem to discuss, let's review the restaurant and the pizza on it's own.

The pizza is square, and the cheese is under the sauce; not your usual presentation.  The sauce is a bit on the sweet side for my taste, and it's a little thicker than you'd normally have on a traditional pizza, so it's very heavy on the tomato taste.  The cheese being underneath is a low moisture mozzarella, cut into large pieces rather than the traditional shredded type.  It creates a thick and goey string of cheese when you bite into it...well, assuming you get the pie hot.  Both times we got delivery, ours was barely luke warm in the middle and the cheese was already cold and lost it's elasticity.  The crust is a bit on the greasy side, as if it came out of a cast iron pan like a deepdish.   

I ordered delivery twice, once on a weekend night when hungry, and once on a Sunday morning with a small hangover (when you really want a good slice of pizza!).  Given the temperature, I felt like I was eating a giant mozzarella stick covered in a tomato dipping sauce.  Not much flavor difference when you close your eyes and taste the greasy crust, thick and solid pieces of cheese, and abundance of sweet sauce.

The french fries (ordered twice) were awesome hand cut and fresh fried to a deep brown color.  You open the box and just know these are gourmet thinner cut with a slight char on the outside and going to be crispy skins with a moist and soft interior.   Seasoned perfectly with a bit of sea salt, this is everything you want your fries to be...until you bit into one and realize they are cold and soggy and lacking salt or any other seasoning.  It's like they came out of a fryer and then sat in a sealed plastic bag getting soggy and cooling off for a few hours.

Maybe the inshop dining experience is much better and at the right temperature and right of the oven dishes are worthy of the praise most seem to lay onto Santucci's, however I'll never know because after two bad meals I'd rather forget, I'm not going to waste a third trekking to your shop.  If you've got a great product that just doesn't travel well, don't cheat your consumers just to make a few extra bucks with delivery service, have some standards and control over the eating experience your consumers are getting!

1 pizza, 1 order of fries and delivery with tip comes to about $25.  Kind of expensive if it were gourmet and worthy.  WAY overpriced given the quality we received.  You'd be better off ordering from Domino's and spending less than half as much.
Purchased a median pie with extra cheese and extra sauce and there was hardly extra of anything (see picture). The bread/crust was flavorless, the sauce was unremarkable, and I don't even know if the cheese had any flavor. There is a spot in Primos/Clifton Heights (Gaetanos) that has an upside down tomato pie that makes me question why I ever eat anything else, but I wanted to try this place based on the reviews and that it's close to me. Underwhelming and dry and just plain meh. I won't be back.
The only place I can compare Santuccis to is Picas in Delaware County. I'm a delco native so I live and die by Picas and I have to say Santucci's is just a bit better.
The first time I went here, the service was horrible. We were seated and then the waitress completely forgot us. There was some confusion with who was going to take our drink order (come on there are literally like 10 tables in the place and two waitresses) so we sat there for maybe 8 minutes then had to stop one of them and ask if we could order. Chicken caesar salad was pretty damn delicious and full of freshly grilled chicken. My friend got the chicken parm sandwich and it was huge and lived up to its expectation. Fresh, crusty Italian sub roll was the best part. 

Second time we went we got a plain and a white pizza and the fresh cut fries. Plain was good but not incredible. The white was missing something. Duh, the sauce. But no seriously, I should have asked for them to put some ricotta on there cuz just having mozzarella was pretty boring. I actually asked the waitress why they didn't put any on since their location in Manayunk does and that's why I ordered it here and she said theirs is the original...oh well. Next time I'll ask for them to put it on.

The pizza crust overall is pretty bland and tastes simply like flour. I loved the crispy, chewy texture of it though. 

Some fries were crispy, and then some were more on the flimsy mushy side. 

Our waitresses was the friendliest and most attentive waitress I may have ever had. Helena is awesome!
Pizza place favorites made delicious. Roasted vegetable sandwich on a chewy, multi-grain bun. Meatballs the size of a softball. Peppery, creamy zucchini soup du jour great. Friendly staff. Great choice.
this place has been dead both times I came in for sunday brunch (except for pick-up orders of pizza) but the food is really, really spectacular and it's nice and clean inside.

i knocked a star off the total because all 5 waiters/waitresses on staff decided to congregate next to us our entire meal and talk to each other about problem customers. some of the stories were amusing, but it was just a weird experience.

also, best restaurant meatballs i've ever had. they are made of beef, wild boar, and veal.
Had a big order for 6 people and spent almost $100 on pizza and salads.
One of the salads had next to no greens and was filled to the brim with bread cut up, totally embarrassed to put it on the table .
Called the next day to talk to someone and got a run around about it.
All I wanted was a credit for the next time but no one would call back or give me to the owner. Being in business myself, I totally think they dropped the ball or just don't care. I care that I will never order there again and spread the word about poor customer relations!!!
I have never been so perplexed by so many good reviews for such mediocre food. This pizza kinda sucked. Yes, I ate it because I was hungry, but I would never order it again. Even my husband who grew up in upstate NY where square-pizza-with-sauce-on-top reigns supreme (therefore his favored version) thought it tasted like Ellio's. We didn't dine in so I can't speak to the service or the plausibility that dining-in pizza tastes better, but there is no way it could be so much better to justify all the positive pizza reviews. The crust is too crunchy with not enough oil, the sauce is over-seasoned with dry basil, and not sweet enough, and the cheese beneath the sauce wasn't gooey or chewy. It just became part of the crust. Weird.
I've been to Santucci's a few times, but went tonight with my wife for her birthday. As usual the food was incredible. Out of this world. The peach gazpacho shooters were incredible, the Ultimo Bacon burger was ungodly. My wife had an amazing, and the cost was incredibly low!

Anyone who has ever had a bad experience here needs to try it again, because doubtless, it was an error, or simple mistake that happens at every restaurant. 

Cheers to the exec chef. Great man, great chef!
I don't understand why this place has any less than four stars. We got a large pizza with pepperoni and broccoli rabe, and it was delicious. The sauce and crust were among the best that I've had. Contrary to what other reviewers have said, our service was great. In addition, the restaurant itself was very nice to hang out in.
Meant to write this months ago when I ordered Sunday takeout from here whilst a little hungover and craving grease and cheese.

Got the buffalo chicken pizza and the short rib gravy cheese fries.  The pizza was far too expensive for the size and taste.  It played better as a white pizza with some hot sauce and chicken on it, but I wouldn't call it a buffalo chicken pizza.  The fries, however, were ON POINT.  As stick-to-your-ribs as it gets.  Heavy forkfuls of short rib braised all day like at Grandma's house, mounds of melty cheese curds, a generous slathering of brown gravy, and fries that gave out a little bit under the weight of all that good good (gravy cheese fries aren't supposed to be crispy!) 

If you're into that whole tomato pie business (i.e., ketchup on bread), have at it. Apparently they do it the best. For me, I'm sticking to those fries.
BANGIN !!!!  As my son would say. This pizza was the ultimate.
Roasted Red Peppers, Sausage and Broccoli Rabe with lots of garlic and parmesan cheese.
Let me tell you .......to die for ---if your last pizza -- you wont be disappointed. 
The place smelled mouth watering from the moment you enter. 
And don't be fooled by my name .... I know its gravy...
Santucci's is a wonderful place to bring a large party. My friend was having a birthday gathering of ~20 people and they fit us into two long tables. The staff was extremely patient with our staggered arrivals, ordering indecision, and opening copious bottles of wine. 

We ordered a bunch of pizzas, sides, and salad to share.  I thought "The Works" pizza was fantastic, with abundant toppings and a tasty crust (made with cornmeal?). Everyone was satisfied and the bill came out to just $15 per person. 

Bring some beer/wine and some cash to this fun South Philly restaurant! Free dessert from the counter if you check in on Yelp ;)
Love this place.   The pies are really good and the mozzarella sticks are my favorite items.  Its not busy for lunch for weekend/evenings can be crowded. The smallest pizza size is more than enough for 1.
Its cash only but they have an atm inside.
We stumbled upon santuccis one night after wanting a low key dinner by the house. Boy did we hit the jackpot. The home made gnocchi were some of the best I ever had and the antipasto board was fresh and so BIG for the price. We actually went home with left overs! What restaurant can you go to and leave with left overs this day and age?

We had revisited santuccis and the octopus we ordered off the specials was improperly executed and tasted fishy to the point we could not eat it. It was taken back. We still live santuccis for the staple items, but specials should not run if they can not be executed
My absolute favorite place in the world! I'm there at least twice a week! LOVE their fries and their cheese sauce is to die for. The pizza is the best pizza I have ever eaten thus far. Me and my husband look forward to our "Santucci nights". Their homemade desserts are awesome too! The ricotta cheesecake is also one of the best cheesecakes I've eaten. The best part is how affordable they are! Perfect place all around! Nice family atmosphere and the staff is amazing! Lovely, warm and inviting staff!
This review is for delivery only.  This is my FAVORITE pizza place in the city.  Philly isn't known for its pizza, but damn Santucci's, why must I always crave you?  High quality ingredients - my go to choices are pepperoni and baby portabellos, and they are always fresh and tasty.

When I have a hankering for pizza, I don't bother ordering from anywhere else.
I couldn't wait to order Santucci's after all the great things I've heard. But the weird square pizza with sauce on top did not do it for me. It was not horrible by any means but I thought it was very bland - sausage and mushrooms pie.... bland. plain pie....bland. Sauce...bland. crust....bland. cheese....bland. I am generally a thin pizza guy. I favor Lazaro's and Pietro's but love several thick crust pizza joints in Boston and Chicago. I am very much open to "different" foods and will  try anything. Usually for me, the weirder the better. But Santucci's pie was weak. 

Their apple salad was fabulous and the flatbread with chicken, pesto and walnuts was a-ok. I just don't get the hype about this place.
A very expensive mistake.  I went to pick up a pizza at Santucci's in South Philly and they put spaghetti sauce on my pizza instead of pizza sauce.  I drove 20 miles to get a the pizza and had to throw it away, then order  a fresh pizzas from near my home.  It ended up costing me $50 for a pizza.  I call Santucci's and the chef was rude and told me that he believed his kitchen help and not me.  I have been eating Santucci's pizza all of my life.  I have had both of sauces in the past, I often order pasta when we eat there and I know my sauces. 

I have spent a fortune eating there to be insulted by the chef and not offered a new pizza or a credit is absolutely crazy!!!!  I am in the restaurant industry and will be letting people know how they treat their customers.  Last week I spent $160 at Santucci's for brunch and pizzas.  Never again!  This place has no respect for their loyal clients.  Also a pizza with spaghetti sauce is disgusting.  GET A REAL CHEF SANTUCCI'S and go back to the way your family ran the business years ago.  Never again will I go to the 10th and Christian location again.
Santucci's pizza blew me away. It's a BYOB spot so bring a bottle of your favorite. The dining area is small but you're not packed in. The service was attentive.

The food is the star here. I've only ordered the pizza, so I can't comment on the other menu items. 

The pizza here is a square, thick-crust, Sicilian style. Best bet is to share a bunch of personal pizzas with a group. I recommend their original, The works, and a white pizza with sausage/onions/peppers.
With Hawthorne's out of commission because of fire and places such as Sabrina's and Sam's Morning Glory consistently mobbed Santucci's is a quality alternative choice. We ended up at Santucci's only after seeing the lines at other more well know brunch spots and were seated right away (restaurant was 1/4 full). The food was relatively high quality, albeit less creative than what you might expect at other spots, and the portions were large for the size. Think standard diner offerings such as eggs, pancakes, french toast, etc.

Santucci's has secured a spot on our brunch rotation list. It's a great spot to get a better version of what you might cook yourself for weekend breakfast, without the wait!
Philly does a lot of things well. Hoagies. Sports. Burgers. Punk rock. 

But pizza? Eh, not so much. Until now!

Finally, good pizza has come to South Philly in the form of Santuccis! The sauce-on-bottom style is superior to all of their counterparts. 

No longer are the good people of Philly doomed to a life-long sentence of chewy, prepackaged "cheese" with an even less fresh dough ball from one of many faceless "pizza joints."

Dis is quality! Thin, crunchy, just a hair spicy. If you are looking for pizza to remember, this is it. 

The rest of the stuff:
-The sandwiches are aight. Very creative, though the roll has been slightly stale two of the three times I got a sandwich. 
-The service suuuuucks. Maybe it's just that its a new spot, and very popular, but damn, these kids are overmatched. Seriously, they didnt answer the phone for a solid hour 2 weeks ago. Cmon man!
-The restaurant itself is SWELTERING. Literally impossible to eat there- thats how hot it is. 

So. In conclusion, order the pizza. Pick it up (this is the sort of pizza best eaten piping hot) and stuff yer face.
You know how great it feels when you eat something so delicious you want it for the next two days in a row? The first day after eating it, you feel compelled to tell everyone  you know about your new discovery so YOU can get all of the credit for their upcoming happiness after they realize how great it is too? How when you know you found something so great that you become the best PR person it ever had? 

My review of the plain pizza from Santucci's is from a "blind" taste. A co-worker ordered it and I walked in and was encouraged to try it. 
I didn't think it looked that good, but cut about an inch thick piece off from a square--just to taste it.   I was shocked. I could not believe this rinky dink looking little piece of pizza tasted as absolutely delicious and flavorful as it did. I had Slice the night before and was just talking about Iannelli's, which has always been my favorite as I grew up with it. I have to tell you, Santucci's really suprised me. 

Unfortunately, I had indegestion, really bad throughout the rest of the evening. But luckily, bitters and club soda are a great relief because I think I'm going to have a lot more cases of it in the near future.
Santucci's.....you are fantastic. The square pie is awesome, and always consistent. Try the antipasti plate and the granny apple salad too. Perfect for an easy dinner and quick with delivery.
I'm a purist.  I like to open a pizza box and see the oozy, cheesy goodness that awaits me, so I don't eat the pizza at Santucci's (please don't throw things at me for saying this).  

And yes, despite the above statement, I'm still giving Santucci's a 4 star review.  We ordered from here recently and I got the pepperoni stromboli (I'm a sucker for a stromboli) and wings.  They were both excellent.  The stromboli tasted like they took garlic bread and rolled pepperoni and cheese inside of that and baked it.  They served it with a very generous side of sauce for dipping.  I ate the entire thing and I'm not ashamed to say it.  The wings were crispy, even after delivery, and covered in sauce which looked like it had blue cheese mixed into it, a very nice little surprise.  

They have a large variety of items on their menu and I know that I'll always find something delicious to eat instead of pizza.
2 hours later and still no pizza. The pizza may be delicious but pointless if they can't take directions, can't communicate and well...you have no pizza. Offered a free liter, but the driver would have to return to the store and pick it up. Really? So disappointed and frustrated!
While on our way to a different restaurant my sister and I passed someone with a box of something with amazing smelling tomato sauce coming from Santucci's. The cosy environment was much nicer inside than I had expected from a pizza place, and it turns out Santuccis is way more than just a pizza place. Expect to be greeted by giant fresh baked goods and chocolate cookies. We had a medium pizza that was half white with mushrooms and onions, and half red with the works, and a mushroom pasta dish that was a special. The whole meal came to around $30 for two people. Fungi fans should be sure to stop by as this place excelled at both mushroom dishes. The red sauce was just as good as it smelled. I think I've found my new favorite neighborhood pizza place.
You know what? It's a little expensive, but it's GOOD. And let's be honest here- good pizza in Philadelphia isn't always easy to find. Hearty crust, cheese on the bottom, snappy sauce, and a plethora of veggies. I've only ever ordered delivery, and usually pop my slices in the toaster oven for just a few minutes to crisp up the bottom. I've never been disappointed in Santucci's.
Great food, but staff could use some training in customer service. Everytime I place a phone order I'm interrupted with a rushed "anything else, anything else?". It would be faster to just let me finish, instead of interrupting after each item.
I felt a little guilty about ordering from somewhere other than little italy but was so excited about this new neighborhood that I had to try it. I think we will now be rotating our pizza orders between these two. The pizza was delicious and even better the next day re-heated. My only gripe:no ricotta available, my favorite pizza topping.
Good quality food. You will love the place if you like small places with nice decor. Ohh and they got Sinatra playing in the background....... Sinatra gets 5 stars :p.
Im giving this place three stars partly because of the price. I think paying almost $30 for a large pizza and fries is a bit expensive... pizza should be one of the cheapest food in my opinion. I'm a big pizza lover so I can't say this is the best pizza Ive had but it's decent. If you're looking to get full off of one slice, this is that pizza. The flavor and sauce is great and I recommend the veggie works which has a good selection of greens. The sweet potato fries might have been better dining in as it was kept in a box and became soggy by the time we were home. All in all, not bad but I've had better.
I can't believe how bad this place is.  I placed an order over the phone based on the menu they had posted online.  The price for what I ordered was $14.  They wanted to charge me $22.  The reason was that they had not updated their website. 
When I spoke to the manager, I realized that the owner had hired an immature, obnoxious 14 year old to run their business.  
He was probably the worst business person I have ever spoken to.  I hope his all future employers see this!  Hopefully, he told everyone to look at this page.
A business has an obligation to honor a price they have put out.  And, they need to do that without being snotty to customers.  
I run a restaurant.  I understand what it means to deal with people.  
I would never speak to anyone the way this douchebag spoke to me.  
I would immediately fire any employee of mine that spoke to a customer the way he spoke to me.  
I will never buy anything from Santucci's again.  We ordered/went there about 2x a week.  
Good luck to Santucci's.  I'll make sure every one I know knows how bad this place is and how horrible the manager is.
A group of three including myself visited here in the evening for dinner on Saturday Labor Day weekend, and we were seated to outside table for no wait.
Our waitress seemed pretty friendly and cheerful.
Soon glasses if water were served our table, and oh I should mention that their tables for outside are spacious and kind of cool with printed wood patterns.
Everything we have order was delicious her.

We ordered one square pizza minimum size with bacon and spinach (12inches), Short rib gravy fries with provolone whiz, and Crespelle alla funghi.

Everyone was delicious and perfect amount for sharing with three.
The best one was the fries, I can visit again only for them.

We would totally come back!
Cash only, they have an ATM with a $1 surcharge. The pizza is very clean, and not greasy at all. The dough also has a nice crunch to it. Love how fresh the mozzarella is. Great sauce to cheese ratio. Also enjoy how much crust you get with the square shape of the pizza.
Got Santucci's for the first time tonight after its been recommended multiple times to us and it did not disappoint! The pizza was very flavorful and toppings were seasoned well.  The ratio of sauce to crust was perfect as the crust was not soggy and had a nice crisp! The price matches the quality of pizza and really fills you up.  Ordered online due to COVID and the pizza was ready in less than 20 minutes.  It's our new pizza spot in Philly!
A South Philly classic, Santucci's really is the best pizza around. Made the Sicilian way, with the sauce on top, these square pies are so delicious and flavorful. 

A large pie is cut into 10 slices, a medium into 6 and a small into 4. It's good to know this so you can decide how much pizza to order for your party. 

While they don't take reservations, there is both indoor and outdoor seating. The service here has always been great. The pizzas don't come out super quickly, but they're all made fresh and from scratch, so it's definitely worth the wait! Keep in mind that it is cash only, but that there is an ATM inside.
Update: I regularly get delivery from Santuccis. It is always within a reasonable time, hot and delicious. i highly recommend it! I love their pizza it is addicting. Have not ventured much into the rest of their menu because I always want pizza when ordering from here. However, I assume it's just as delicious. Cash only. BYOB.
It is impossible to not visit a pizzeria when ur in Italian market in Philly. Based on the reviews that I had read, we decided to try Santucci's which is also its original location. 
We went in the early afternoon so the place was empty. It has huge seating space inside and the cooking area gives it an authentic pizzeria look. 
This is a cash only place so carry cash. 
Staff is nice, welcoming and gives recommendations when asked. We ordered a margarita pizza, all the pizza served here are rectangular. Pizza came out within 10 minutes and looked delicious. 
It was good but nothing exceptional. Crust was crispy and sauce was well balanced.
My family and I have been ordering pizza from the Santucci family for over 55 years.  I am not sure what is going on at this location but the last three times from this location both take out orders and eating in this location the pizza has been very dry.  I have always thought it is the best pie around but not lately from this location.  There must be something going on between the family members because it seems each location is doing something different to their pies.  I don't mind paying for a good product but when it is sub par and expensive that is not good enough for me.  Different family members own and run different store's and it seems the best location right now is one that is run from a franchised location.  Boy do I miss the pizza from Mom and Dad Santucci from the old O street store when they used to cut the pepperoni in about 4 inch strips on a pie.  I don't even thinks the family running the business today are old enough to remember that.  Very disappointed from the store on 10 th street especially since I have to travel from Jersey for a pie.
Santucci's has become a staple in our house hold, we order it every week for pizza night! Delivery usually take as while, but the food is worth the wait! The regular cheese pizza always get devoured by our toddlers and our kids, don't shovel food down unless if is some form of chocolate or ice cream! The square pizza is always a hit with our relatives from the burbs too, they always request it when they come visit us. It's just the right amount of cheese and tomato sauce combination! We normally don't eat the crust at our house, but a Santucci's pie will always It is consistently good.  I've also ordered the braised short rib sandwich! It does not disappoint, the mushroom and generous meat is very filling- I have a hard time ordering anything else because I love it so much. DH has the cheesesteaks on occasion and he says they are decent but the star of the show is obviously the pie, get on and see for yourself, it is awesome!
My husband and I were so excited to try this place and were very disappointed. I got a margherita pie for take out for his birthday but there was barely any topping on there. Barely any cheese and barely any fresh basil. For the price you pay for the pie, you'd expect a little more than that. It was very underwhelming.
Their pizza is good- I treated a few of my friends to pizza at this place. It's right In the Italian Market area. It's a good place to hang out and enjoy a pie with friends and family. The servers are friendly- but don't forget to bring cash! They do not take cards.
Called and ordered a cheese pizza for delivery. They took my address and phone number and told me it would be an hour.  One hour goes by, no pizza shows up, so I called and asked about the status. The girl on the phone (the manager??) asked my addess, and then kind of blew me off with her response "yeah, that will be going out now". Another half hour passes- no pizza. I call back again and they ask my address -- then they tell me they've been to the address 2 times. I asked what phone number they had for me-- turns out that the phone number they had written down was totally different then the one I gave them.  They pretty much hung up on me when I told them nevermind on the pizza. Rude and incompetent. I won't be back.
I went here last night for a birthday dinner and it was pretty awesome! Pizza was huge and well priced (we got a Sicilian) and the sauce was perfection. Not too much, not too little, and very well seasoned. The crust was very crisp and just the right amount of thickness. 

We also started off with a cesar salad and mannn, the croutons were to die for. Very crunchy (obviously) but well coated with olive oil. Sauce was quite tasty as well. I think it was home made!

Also great that this place is a BYOB. Definitely have to come back again.
When Santucci's was named among the Best of Philly pizzas, I had high expectations. I was very pleased that the food was delivered piping hot within 30 minutes of ordering. I liked the spiciness of a Sausage and Spinach piizza, but found the flavor of a White Pizza with Chicken to be lacking. The pie was a little too dense and the square shape had too much crust for my liking.
Stopped in here on a sunny Saturday with my man for some lunch.  Obvi the line at Sabrina's was out the door.  We settled on a medium veggie lovers pizza and a garden salad.  I have to say, the prices here are amazeballs.  Lots of pizza for not a lot of dough.  The salad was also very large.  I should have got the dressing on the side, or light on the dressing, cause it was pretty doused.

The pizza was just okay, unfortunately.  The spinach and broccoli rabe were fully loaded, which made the pizza a bit watery (think of all that water that comes out of spinach when you cook it...).  I thought the cheese was a bit flavorless, too.

I'm bummed I didn't like the pizza here more.  But, of course, how you like your pie is so personal.
AWFUL service, mediocre pizza - at best. We were so excited to finally have the Santuccis open, so we ordered pizza at 6PM on a Sunday night. Clearly stated chicken and spinach, and 30 minutes later got green pepper and spinach. Some of the green peppers still had the little pieces of the sticker from the store on them. EW. Called to get the right pizza and an hour and a half later we finally got the right pizza. It was cold. Can't figure that out since the lady on the phone said it was coming straight from the oven. The delivery guy, also apparently the Manager, even had the balls to ask for the original pizza back, and said he wouldn't charge us the difference in price for the chicken.... Um... wasn't it THEIR fault!?! Will never be ordering from here again.
