Bieber was on tour and called (he's always calling, it's annoying, dude, don't you realize that nobody calls anymore, get with the txt program broseph) me up to ask me who has the best Peruvian Chicken in DC. At first I couldn't remember the name so I left him high and proverbially dry, which is his usual state of being anyway tbh tbf. Hours later, around 10pm, I figured out the place was called Sardi's, so I called Biebz back, and I said:

"Is it too late for me to say Sardi's?
'Cause they have more than just good chicken (da da da da da da da da)
Is it too late for me to say Sardi's?
Yeah I know that they must be closing down, but is it too late to say Sardi's now?"

What to get: Quarter or Half Chicken (dark meat) with all the sauces, sides are good too
What not to get: Sweaty with Justin Bieber

If Sardi's was a restaurant in the movie Grease, they'd be Sandy's, but they aren't, so they're not.

If you haven't had Peruvian Rotisserie Chicken and its infamous green sauce on the side, you have missed a very exciting train ride. But it's never too late to get on. And Sardi's is the ideal stop for boarding.

If Sardi's served canned fish, they'd be Sardine's, but they don't, so they're not.

There are very few things that constitute "typical DC/DMV/NOVA cuisine", as it's all over the place and not always the best area to get food, but one thing that does stand out from living in and visiting this region is the Peruvian Chicken. Other than El Pollo Riko (Northern Blvd Queens NYC) I've probably never had better PC than in the DC area, and if you think there are better places, then Peruve it. Philly residents can now rejoice in the fact that Sardi's has come to Philly. Yes, the same Sardi's, the same deliciousness, the same high standards, has made it to the Phila. And you must try it.

If Sardi's served up tales of explicit sexual encounters, they'd be Sordid's, but they don't, so they're not.

Of all the food for DC to export to Philly, this is the one that Philly needed and deserved. Well, it's the chicken Philly deserves, just not the chicken it needs right now. Jk it needs it right now. Like, right, right, now. And it may be the best Peruvian chicken I've ever had. Sardi's has the best sauce, the most tender and tasty hot chicken, always fresh (because it serves so much), it's also aand the most consistently reliable.

If Sardi's used a lot of vinegar on their chicken, they'd be Sourdi's, but they don't, so they're not.

Like Super Pollo (but unlike Rico), it's very good value, and they allow you to buy quarter or half chicken by itself with sauce and no sides, pretty cheap. Rico on the other hand, require you to buy sides too, and if you don't want the sides you still get charged the same. In the US, that's known as "Nickel and Diming" and it's not something I particularly appreciate.

If Sardi's had a location in Riyadh, Mecca or Medina, they'd be Saudi's, but they don't, so they're not.

Of all the Sardi's locations I've visited (about 7 of them), this one is the quietest and most out of the way, but it still has wonderful food like all of the others and is well worth a visit. The rice and fries are both excellent as sides. Good customer service here too. When I was eating, someone lost a purse, and the employees went out of their way to try and locate the owner.

And if the employees here called me every abusive name imaginable, they'd be Slurdi's, and I'd like the place even more.
Well Boston Market there is no right way to say this , but you might as well close up shop and call it day. That may sound harsh,but  I am strict, and I am fair when calling it like I see it. Sardi's your charbroiled chicken game is on point with those flavors doing a number on you. 

My fellow Yelpers, what ever you order, you will not be disappointed with your platter/combination. I've ordered from their Peruvian specialties, Charbroiled specialties, and also their sandwiches they offer. Now they are all banging, but if I had to choose one, it is their Charbroiled menu.    

Pollo Parrillero from their Charbroiled menu for the win my friends! 
This beast of a plate comes with a half of a chicken that is de-boned right from grill. Sardi's this is a home-run in my opinion. The chicken was so juicy, so tender, mixed with that Peruvian flavor, you simply can't go wrong. What is even better you get to choose two sides with this bad boy, and you know I had to go with fried plantains and roasted potatoes. Uhh-MAZE-ing!  

Sardi's keep up with the phenomenal work over there. Review over, now go in there and dive into it like a fat kid to a cupcake.
I didn't grow up eating much fast food at all ... and indeed even today living in America I rarely go into a fast food establishment.  When I have, the experience has never been so memorable that I yearn to return.  Well I'm guessing you can call Sardi's Peruvian Chicken a la Brasa fast food as it is a small chain and it doesn't have waiter service.  And if you can count it as fast food, let me give my first five-star rating ever to a fast food eatery. 

First of all, what a great idea it is to have a fast-food Peruvian eatery.  Peruvian pollo a la brasa is such a tasty dish and guess what - it is here as well.  It was juicy and flavorful and perfectly grilled.  The side of Peruvian corn was yummy.  Did you know corn is indigenous to Peru and the Inca Indians?  The corn at Sardi's is the big kernel corn variety which is a real treat.  My other side was an arroz chaufa.  It was great as well and this stir-fried rice dish brought to Peru by Chinese immigrants and then adapted completed a very enjoyable and filling meal.

I ordered by phone and everything was packed & ready when I arrived.  Well if Sardi's is what fast food is all about, I better have a more open mind!
Holy smokes this place is amazinggggggggg. I came during lunch on a weekday and waited less than ten minutes to get my food. Every so often I saw the manager walking around and asking everyone how their food was. He was a very nice and accommodating.
The menu has an array of dishes- chicken, porkchops, rice, sides, and great beverages.  It is a bit pricey but the portions are large and filling. I got an order of porkchops (with two sides $13) and some empanadas($6). The empanadas are really good but very small and kind of bland.  The porkchops, however, were delicious! Def coming back soon
I grew up going to authentic Peruvian restaurants and was so HAPPY to find Sardi's in Philly that compared so well! I went for lunch while at SJU nearby and even before I opened my to go container, everyone in my class was salivating just from the smell!

I can't say that I have eaten anything else but their roasted chicken, mostly because it is so good, I can't say no to it when I get there. I get half with white rice, black beans and maduros (sweet plantains) for a startling CHEAP $9. I really can't believe how much food you get for such a small price. I guess it surprises me even more, because unlike the hole in the wall places I'm used to going to - this one is very clean and feels very American inside. I say American, as in it almost feels like a fast food place inside. Although they do have tables and tvs, it doesn't feel warm and cozy like other Spanish restaurants. 

As many others have mentioned, their dipping sauces really are the icing on the cake with flavor. I recommend the yellow and green sauces, and mixing them together! 

I am happy to see that they employ many Latinos behind the counter and that I get to practice my Spanish while I'm there. I highly recommend Sardi's and I'm hoping they open one closer to Buck's county so I can stop buying those sad & bland shoprite roasted chickens.
So here it is, my first post. I eat like a Yelp Elite member but am too lazy to post my experiences. Anyways...

I read about Sardi's on philly.com last week. So I decided to review the menu online and was impressed. On the menu, I noticed they have multiple locations in the DMV. So, I reviewed Yelp for those locations and immediately noticed their ratings. One location has 555 reviews with an average rating of 4.5 stars. It was then that I knew I had to try this place.

I arrived on Sunday, December 7, 2015 at noon. Upon entering Sardi's, a few folks were there checking out the paper menu and the menu board. Because I'd read the reviews and saw the pics, my mind was already made up. I settled on the antitchuco de corazon (beef hearts), the salmon and the perucho. To wash it down, I grabbed an Inca Kola.

While waiting for my food, the manager (owner?) bought out some of the rotisserie chicken to sample. Mind blowing! If someone believes that is the best chicken they've ever had, I wouldn't debate it. It was that good.

In short, everything was spectacular. The beef hearts came with roasted red potatoes and Peruvian corn. The beef hearts tasted like filet mignon. Very lean with a sweet flavor to them. The potatoes were also great, but I couldn't get into the corn. 

Next was the salmon. A beautiful, thick cut that was juicy and cooked perfectly. For sides, I ordered the delicious coconut white rice, fried rice and sweet plantains. All of them were delicious.

Finally, the perucho. The best way I could describe it would be a chicken sandwich on a brioche bun with a ceviche topping. It would've been a good sandwich w/o the ceviche. However, the ceviche took it to another level. My side was fried yuca which I dipped in their delicious house sauces (my personal favorite being the salsa amarillo).

Here's the kicker, though. All that food only came to $39, and because of the way Sardi's operates, you don't tip, so you're receiving premium value.

Finally (for real this time), the food is healthy. The proteins are lean and are cooked on either a spit or grilled on a flat-top. Add to that, there sides are all fresh vegetables, so if you obsess over your health/fitness like myself, you won't mind stuffing your face during your many future visits to this place.

Sardi's has big potential in the Delaware Valley. Because of the high quality of the food, the masterful preparation and the premium value, this place will shine. The owners should already have an eye on other locations such as Willow Grove, Plymouth Meeting, Montgomeryville, KOP, Center City and Cherry Hill.

Take a bow Sardi's, well done!
Over the weekend, my husband and I got some takeout from Sardi's for the first time. At first I did not have high expectations for the food, even after reading so many positive Yelp reviews. 

We've had Peruvian chicken many times before in other cities and even though I still don't know how an actual Peruvian chicken should taste, the good ones we've had were always nicely roasted, moist, and comes with the tastiest green and yellow sauces. 

The one time we had Peruvian chicken in Philly was at Chalaco's (now closed) and it was not good at all. From then on, I was turned off from Peruvian chicken made in Philly. 

Even though Sardi's is a chain restaurant, it definitely did not feel like one. Not only is the food delicious, everything about this place says "quality". You can tell the food here is made with love. Their takeout packaging is not the cheap flimsy stuff and they carefully pack away everything for you.

For our dinner, we ordered a whole chicken, and sides of Brussel sprouts, fried plantains, fried yucca, and arroz chaufa. It was such a wholesome meal. The chicken was perfect. The Brussel sprouts were caramelized just enough, tender and not mushy. The fried yucca was roughly cut and in different sizes, but that didn't bother us. It was especially good when dipped in the green sauce. The arroz chaufa was like hibachi fried rice, and had big chunks of scrambled eggs in it. It had to be cooked with chicken fat or chicken broth, whatever it is, it was amazing. We didn't really like the fried plantains, but then I also don't like my fruits cooked. 

Like many yelpers, I have to say the green sauce is the ultimate sauce to get. The yellow sauce is good too but not as good as the green sauce. The mumbo sauce tastes like sweet Cholula and the white sauce tastes like mayo.
The Peruvian roast chicken is everything! So flavorful and juicy! Heard about this spot from my brother and my boyfriend. They were raving about it and saying how its a similar style to Boston Market but with Mexican food (correct me if I'm wrong.) I love Mexican food so this place won me over. 

I shared half chicken, string beans, and potatoes with my boyfriend but we had to buy more to-go for later on the night. Everything is well seasoned and the other condiments are definitely not necessary! Definitely give this place a try! 

Also, the workers are quick to clean the tables to make it look presentable! The restrooms are clean as well! Not to mention the workers are really nice!
Philly has been starved for a quick-serve rotisserie chicken concept so I was ecstatic to read on Philly.com that Sardi's was coming.  I stopped in this past Wednesday afternoon and, let me say, they did not let me down.

Louis, the store's gregarious manager, displayed pride for his product (rightfully so) as he described the preparation of their signature chicken and offered me a taste which was so amazing I was moved to order a 1/2 chicken platter rather than a 1/4.  Note to managers reluctant to let guests try before they buy: sampling works!  The chicken was packed with flavor and ridiculously moist.  Sardi's also provides proprietary dipping sauces.  I chose the Spicy sauce which tasted incredibly fresh and was the perfect compliment to the chicken.  Your choice of beans (pinto or red) also come with the chicken.

For sides, I went with green beans and, upon Louis' recommendation, the Arroz Chaufa (Peruvian Fried Rice).  Both were great.

Sardi's is the rare dining option these days that nails the trifecta of great food, great service, and affordable price ($10.00 for my meal was an absolute steal).  I hope the community supports them; if they do, Sardi's will grow throughout Philly (hopefully including the Philly 'burbs) just as they have in MD.
Ridiculously good food at a great price. After I went here for the first time, I couldn't help but return a second time with more friends.

The first time I went with 3 other friends and we split a whole chicken with 3 sides - fried plantains, fried rice, and green beans. The chicken had amazing flavors and came with 3 sauces, all of which were light and creamy, with increasing degrees of spiciness from white, red to green. The fried plantains were sweeter than expected, the green beans were good, and the fried rice was way better than expected - seasoned really well. This visit was so good that I couldn't help but bring 7 other friends on a second visit and split 2 whole chickens.
I wasn't impressed with Sardi's. The meal platter that I had had good portions, however, I just felt it lacked flavor and was salty. I've seen mixed reviews about this place, and some of the recent reviews mentioned a difference in quality and saltines. Nonetheless, I gave them a shot and was unimpressed with the chicken, fried rice with pinto beans and green beans . Plain and somewhat boring. The only thing I liked was the sauce that accompanied it. I have had similar platters from Fresh Grocer's hot food section and it's actually larger portions, better flavor and at a good value. It's not that I wouldn't go there again, but it doesn't beat knowing there's better elsewhere.
I have been eating at Sardi's for awhile,  pretty much since they opened and I have enjoyed their Peruvian twist on Latin food.  
Before I get on with the review,  I wanna know how they grow that fat kernel,  big and juicy corn? Is there some radiation involved? That corn is off the chain!
Sardi's is set up cafeteria style with a large overhead menu,  and you can pick and choose the food items you desire.  There's a large Rotisserie oven in the rear filled with juicy,  golden little birdies.  I ordered a half of a chicken and added rice and pinto beans and some nuclear corn on the cob.  I seemed to be getting the big guy treatment because the server piled it on. I moved on to the cashier and chose a bottle of Inca Kola to wash it down. The total cost was under  $15 bucks.
The chicken was delicious,  not too salty and very tender.  It came with 2 sauces,  1 sweet and 1 spicy,  I liked both sauces but the preferred the spicy Verde sauce more. The rice was fluffy and the beans were hearty,  and you already know about the corn.
Some other standout dishes were the perfectly charbroilded Carne asada and the very filling Incan bowl. 
If you're in the mood for fresh food that murders the hunger pains,  Sardi's Pollo La Brasa is a fine choice.
The chicken is freakin' delicious, and I love all the options for sides. A friend visiting for the weekend has a number of dietary restrictions that can be hard to satisfy (no dairy, no grains, no beans, etc) but this spot had something for everyone. My only complaint is that I ordered 1/4 chicken, dark meat, and the way the guy behind the line cut up the bird left me with hardly any of the thigh meat. Sauces and sides are tasty, though (gotta get the maduros!). I highly recommend this spot for a quick, cheap dinner before a performance at the Mann Center.
This Peruvian restaurant has steadily become more popular over the years. You will not find a better tasting rotisserie chicken around.

When you enter Sardi's, you will notice that it's oriented like Boston Market with a server who takes your meat order then you slide down the counter and select your sides which our displayed right in front of you.  A quarter chicken is more than enough because they pile on the sides.  
Pros:
The black beans are excellent and seasoned with a little heat. 
Peruvian fried rice is cooked with chicken and amazingly seasoned.
The Fried Plantains are better than dessert.
The white/yellow corn is crisp and buttery.
Quick and friendly service.
Sauces!

Cons:
Bad location!  This place needs it's own stand alone store somewhere other than an outdated strip mall on City Ave.
This food is delicious ! The portions are huge and the price is right. You can literally smell it from down the street. I typically order the half chicken meal with rice, black beans and plantains. 

Each component of this meal can stand alone and is seasoned perfectly. I cannot recommend this place more. 

Try here
GENERAL
original Review 11/30/2015 - 4 out of 5 because of not so good anticucho
update 12/4/2015 - 5 out of 5 because they fixed the anticucho and the lomo saltado is also good. 
real deal PERUVIAN charcoal pit  rotisserie chicken = pollo a la braza.
Qualifier= I am Peruvian and grew up on this stuff
Location = a bit tricky using google maps. Look for the Subway sign on blue long banner on a white building next to the boston market and you'll see it. 

VERDICT
12/4/15 Update: 5 out of 5. 
I am going to be a "casero" (a regular), and will let all my Peruvian friends know about it.  I will try all on the menu and will score them here. 

FOOD
Chicken = 5 out of 5 this is the real deal Peruvian rotisserie chicken. Has cumin, pepper, garlic ,may have soy sauce. 
12/4/15 Update: Beef heart anticucho = 5 out of 5. Meet was juicy and thick. Done just right. I changed my original review from Dry and thin. 
Lomo Saltado (beef): 5 out of 5. Beef was juicy and thick with the right amount of onions and tomatoes over fries with the side of rice... I am a fan. nice.

Service
Guys behind the counter were very helpful and got to chat with them about how the restaurant. 

Staff
They are all new to the area since they all worked in Maryland with the original restaurants and moved to Philly. They have a leg up on what they have to do to make the food and provide service. 
 
First time/day = first time I try this restaurant and this is their first day opened.
Don't drive fast or you will miss this gem.

Thanks to Yelp I drove the 7 miles to check this place out. Glad I did

The place is in a shopping center on City line and 45th.

Plenty of parking.

The place is big and seat a bunch of different parties.  Booths can accommodate about 8 people.  It's not a waitress restaurant.  Almost a fast food type of place but better.


We went to order our chicken and sides.   They cut up my chicken as I picked out 4 sides.  I really wanted two sides but it all looked so tasty.

Order full chicken which was eaten my me, hubby and 7 year old.  Large side of Arroz Chaufa, fried plantains, veggies and red potatoes.  

I have to say the food was amazing which makes the ride enjoyable.    I don't have a favorite because it was all perfect.

Staff was friendly and accommodating.

I will definitely be back.
This is one of my favorite lunch spots in the bala area. They are almost always busy during lunch so be prepared for that, but they do a good job of keeping things moving. 

The chicken options off the main menu are the best. Any of the special options are a 15-25min wait, so if you're in a rush stay away!

Aside from the juicy chicken, I always get the plantains and green beans. However whatever you get is gonna be legit. The food is packed with flavor and the portions are great. The thing that really puts this place over the top are the various dipping sauces. Dear Lord....  Soooooo good! 

Stop in for a meal and thank me later :-)
From the outside, this place doesn't look like a big deal. But man that chicken is Really good! Whatever the secret recipe is, they have magic. I ordered the quarter chicken, black beans, and rice. Real simple, but the chicken was everything. They were a little slow due to being short staffed. But the people were nice. And the folks came in non stop. So yeah come and try them out.
This place is a little hard to find- Google maps will take you down to PCOM if you use their listed address. If you are driving south on Belmont, make a right, NOT a left at City Ave and it'll be right on your left (across the street from Lord & Taylor etc).

The side portions are Sardi's are huge. A chicken breast and 2 sides will put you back $9 but will feed you for two meals. I shared with a coworker and we tried the plantains (amazing), yucca fries (pretty good), green beans (very good) and fried rice (pretty good). The chicken is so moist, so tender, with crispy skin that magically doesn't make you feel unhealthy at all. The Sardi's branded sauces take everything up a notch. 

The music is a little loud and the atmosphere leaves a bit to be desired (feels like you're at a typical pizza place in a strip mall), but when it comes to lunching- I will definitely be back.
Tasty chicken, reasonable prices, good selection of sides to choose from. This place gets pretty busy as the chicken is rather flavorful, but the line moves quickly. We sat and ate our food and the table was a little dirty, so there is not a person who continuously cleans after each table. I'm not picky-- just an observation. I wiped down my own table. My husband raved about the sauces that come with the chicken. I prefer no sauce because the chicken is good in its own. The fried rice and green beans are also very good as well.
This chicken place is pretty new 
I used to eat at their other Store in Maryland. I love their chicken, there Inca cola, yuca and the grill smell keep calling my name that's why I stopped by for take out.

The fried rice sides is not bad at all
The restaurant comes with big tv menu
All the chair is like booth chair
They do have small shared parking outside 
Next to the NY BAGEL CAFE & deli 

It's convenient
But if i may say their chicken and their fried rice is too salty!
My friend had been raving about Sardi's for a few months and finally she brought me some food - more like a tasting menu.  OMG--the food is very flavorful and plentiful!  I had the pork chops; 1/2 chicken, along with the sides of Yucca Fries; mixed vegetables; rice & beans.  

The pork chops and chicken were moist and the dipping sauces had a unique flavor that topped off the meal.

The prices are reasonable for the portions given and I had leftovers for lunch and dinner a few days afterwards.

I highly recommend Sardi's for a family take-out meal or if you are just in the mood for some good food.
Listen ... this chicken ... Oh My Goodness! There are not enough words in the dictionary to explain how perfectly seasoned and tasty this rotisserie chicken is. This location is fairly close to work so I have only been around lunch time. I typically get the 1/4 chicken (you pick white or dark meat) with 2 sides. The sides i have tried are the Peruvian fried rice, white rice, black beans, string beans and the yucca fries and all have been on point. You cant beat the amount of food you get for the price ...and it tastes SO good! They also have a bunch of other options on the menu that I have yet to try but I'm sure they are just as good. 

If you get the chicken with the 2 sides its set up like assembly line style so you get in and out really quick. The other options on the menu they cook to order so it takes about 5-10 minutes around lunch time. The staff is super nice and they work efficiently to get you in and out for take out. The restaurant is always very clean and there is table and booth seating if you choose to eat in (which many people do for lunch). 

Tip: Parking in the front of the building is a little scarce, there is additional parking in the back of the building with a rear entrance to the restaurant.
Sardi's is conveniently located on City Line Ave. I had 3-4 people mention this place to me within a 2 week time frame, so I had to try it. I had never noticed this place before even though I have driven by a multitude of times. The inside was very clean. This should be obvious, but not always, so I had to mention it. Lol! Nice service in the order line and they will explain if you have questions. It put me in the mind of a cafeteria. You order your food and either you get your order at the end of the line or they bring it to you once it's done. There is no waitstaff. I had the Peruvian chicken(Pollo Saltado). Very tasty! Chicken sautéed in olive oil with onions, vegetables and rice. The menu looks pretty good with tons of Peruvian options and the prices are very reasonable. My son got the Milanesa de Pollo which was good too...and different(fried egg on top of a fried chicken breast).
Not my first Peruvian place as I search one out in every city when I travel. This was the worst peruvian chicken I've ever had. It was severely undercooked and not flavorful like it is supposed to be. I didnt want to deal with complaining and waiting for a new plate so I just ate what I could.

My son ordered steak and it was hard and such a small piece for the price.

Yucca was good and so was the Mango juice. Not coming back here again though.
Their chicken is really tasty. The spices and use of charcoal give it a tremendous flavor. The skin is so good and crispy. They give you huge potions on sides, I almost told the guy serving me that it was to much and to put some back. The fried plantains are perfect texture and mildly sweet. The rice and brown beans were really good with and perfect with the plantains. I also asked for some sausage and with the rice and bean were perfect together. Nice and spicy chorizo with a crisp natural casing. The service was really nice as everyone was very accommodating and so friendly with big smiles and thank you.  Great Peruvian chicken and service.
Ordered the 1/2 chicken plate with 2 sides. For $11.50, this is such a steal. They really pack on the sides!

I was literally just staring at awe as the kid behind the counter scooped not 1, not 2, but 3 scoops of rice for me. Then topped it off with black beans. My second side was fried plantains and this kid might as well have poured the entire container on my plate. The whole show was incredulous.

As for the food itself, the chicken was fall off the bone tender. The roasting process imbued a delicious smokiness while also bringing out all the flavors of the marinade. The rice and beans were okay. I could have definitely used a little citrus on there. Lastly, the plantains were delicious, hearty, yet sweet. All of it plus the salsa verde sauce (green cup) made each bite so good. 

Food coma so worth!
Came here for wife's birthday. Food was decent. Chicken was great! Flavorful. The fried chicken was pretty dry. Yuka was very dry. 

Upshot: My wife found a piece of a stainless steel scouring pad in the Peruvian rice. Lost appetite and threw out everything. Manager decided to give us a refund for just one of the meals. We find a piece of metal in the food and only one meal is refunded! Manager, by saving the business $10 you just lost customers and got yourself a review exposing the crappy food prep. 

I hate to do this to a business owned by a minority group, I'm guessing it's owned by a Peruvian (I love various ethnic food), but this was a big oversight by the person washing the pot, the person making the rice, frying the rice and the manager who refunded only part of the entire dinner. 

We will never go back to eat there.
I N T R O D U C T I O N : I first heard of Sardi's from my Kevin, my camp counselor, when he was suggesting locations for us to eat at. When he mentioned Sardi's, my curiosity was sparked as I had never tried Peruvian chicken, much less Peruvian food. I checked on Yelp and due to the impressive reviews and photos, I decided Sardi's was our next stop.

M A I N . D I S H : 1/4 white meat chicken (10/10). The main dish, Peruvian chicken, was absolutely delicious. The soft, chewy white meat was encased in a crispy exterior and flavored to perfection. Delicious mouthfuls of charbroiled goodness.

S I D E . D I S H : Arroz Chaufa (6/10) : The first side dish, arroz chaufa or Peruvian fried rice unfortunately did not live up to the hype. Although the rice itself was relatively tasty, it wasn't served hot, and even saying it was warm is being generous. The rice was further inconsistent, meaning that there were mini balls of rice throughout the dish. That being said, it still tasted alright, just disappointed with the condition in which it was served.

S I D E . D I S H : Steamed Vegetables (9/10) : The second side dish, steamed vegetables, was a pleasant surprise! I've been slowly making a transition in my diet and have been adding vegetables in the process. To be honest, I wasn't sure how my mouth would react to the steamed vegetables but I decided to go for it and boy, am I glad I did! The vegetables were steamed to perfection and had a soft texture which was accompanied by a mildly sweet taste.

S A U C E S : Red, Yellow, and Green sauces (9/10) : The sauces were a perfect companion to the chicken and I'm sure they would work quite well with the fried yuca and french fries as well.

S E R V I C E : The people at the counter were friendly and polite.

V I B E : Although the restaurant was fairly busy, the atmosphere of the restaurant was relaxed, allowing for easy conversation.

D E S I G N : Classic, old-fashioned restaurant interior. The storefront is rather plain and it doesn't really grab your attention from afar.

P R I C E : For the generous portion size of the chicken + two sides, it was well-worth the price.

C O N C L U S I O N : Overall, had a pretty great experience at Sardi's. I hope to frequent this location as its only a 20ish minute drive and I have yet to try the other dishes on the menu! See you soon Sardi's!
I first enjoyed Sardi's as a dinner surprise after a long day at work. JJ called me and asked if I wanted grilled or fried chicken, and when I got home, a huge platter of food awaited me. Although I thought the food traveled just okay, I liked it enough to walk into the restaurant to try it again, and now I'm hooked.

Every time I go to Sardi's, I have the pollo milanesa, which is a huge breast of flattened, fried chicken with a sunny side up egg on top. The dish by default comes with fries, white rice, and salad. I am a big fan of the green sauce and the salad dressing, both of which come on the side in little individually wrapped cups. I always try to save some for home, but this dish is best enjoyed in the restaurant so the warm egg yolk can coat the chicken and the rice, and because the fries are too good to save.

Sometimes the music is too loud, and I wish the dining room used real silverware instead of plastic, but this doesn't stop me from dreaming about Sardi's chicken every couple of weeks.
Sardi's had only been open a day when I visited.  Though the menu is extensive, I figured it was best to sample their signature Pollo ala Brasa. We did the signature chicken (Family Special - Two birds and four large sides for $37, including a large soda.) Among my wife and hearty-eater son, we could only finish one chicken. It was DELICIOUS! Even the breast meat was juicy. The seasoning was extraordinary, especially since cumin is a principal ingredient. You could DETECT it, but it did not overwhelm as cumin often does. Same with the garlic. Two of the three included sauces all seemed mayonnaise-based. Apparently that is a popular Peruvian thing.The green was more herbal, and my favorite. As this chicken is brined, we ended up drinking a lot of water in bed, but it did not taste overly salty when we ate it. We got fries and yucca (middle of the road steak fries) Yucca, I decided, is an acquired taste - or lack thereof.) The beans and rice were excellent. Unfortunately, we did not get the Peruvian corn, and I had added an extra large order. When I called, they immediately apologized, saying they were making it up fresh for me, and just forgot. I had placed a phone order, and it was ready by the time I made the five minute drive. They said they would credit me, and when I went back the next day, the manager not only gave me the forgotten corn, but wouldn't accept payment for my lunch!   THAT is class. Of course, I tipped well. For lunch I had the 1/4 chicken with plantains and string beans (seasoned with onions) and the portions were enough to feed a family. The menu is extensive. They were doing a nice business considering they had only been open one day. I understand the Maryland locations are know for waiting lines out the door. Prices are quite reasonable for the quality and the prep. I'm sure I'll be back often.  We will be eating here frequently, and working our way through the other menu options (though it's hard to resist that chicken cooked on real lump charcoal!)
This place is pretty solid. I heard it was famous so friends and I went to try the Philly location. I like the fact that if you ask for just the dark meat, they'll give it to you. I got half a chicken just dark and 2 sides of rice. They give you the sauces if you get the half the chicken and I think the green one is the best one out of the three. 

I thought the food was pretty solid. The chicken is seasoned well and it's not too greasy or salty. The rice is pretty good too. I didn't really find any of the other side enticing but that's just me. 

The staff works like a assembly line; pretty efficient so you'll get your food pretty quickly

The place is pretty moderate sized, place is very average in terms of interior design. They get a lot of people so... Expect a little bit of wait.
For a non-Peruvian, you'll find the food is tasty. The rotisserie is moist and the yuca your standard. But they don't have huancaina sauce which IMO is a basic pairing to the starchy fries. 

The sauces def have mayo or some type of filler. The flavor is there but it's not authentic. The alfajores are delicious and I recommend picking up a box to go. The anticuchos have an interesting flavor. Not bad. Just not authentic. The best part though is the Peruvian corn. It's delicious and the real deal.
Juicy, tender, flavorful, and ?healthy! Delicious Peruvian chicken in City Ave is always a treat.  If you have enough people - or a huge appetite - the family platter is the way to go for the best value.  The chicken is still good if you have to take some home, and I'm wishing I had some leftovers right now.  The Peruvian fried rice and plantains are must-get sides and the environment is perfect as everyone is just getting down on some awesome chicken!

Enjoy!
The food was fine, but people seem to really rave about this place. I couldn't figure out what it was.

I really wanted to like it a lot but living so close, I don't really get any cravings to go here for food.

I think the thing that really makes this place special is their sauces. Really cool flavors and I wish I can buy bottles of them!

Other than that, it just seems like a slightly above average chicken spot given the fact that they market themselves as a Peruvian place. I think that alone generates some appeal as many peoples don't really know what Peruvian food really is.

If someone wanted to go here, I wouldn't be opposed to it, but I might suggest another place just to throw more choices out there.
I've missed having a pollo place since I moved back to the Philadelphia area in 2008 from North Jersey. Up there are a few Dominican places that always were my go to for great chicken. I ran across Sardi's by accident, seeing it as I went through the drive-thru at Starbucks and decided to get some to go. It was even better than what I've had in North Jersey! Moist and flavorful with amazing sauces and delicious sides (green beans and fried rice). Unfortunately the year had run out of tres leches cake but I hope I can get some next time. This will definitely be in regular rotation for great easy dinners.
great portion size and friendly service. i will definitely be back.
Walk immediately past the cashier stations on your left and go straight to the far station to check the menu and make your order! Look for the 'order here' sign and go for it! If you are craving Peruvian chicken, order away. If you want to also order from the plethora of other options and grilled meats, it might take you awhile to order... just like me. If nothing else than the chicken, I cannot emphasize enough than to get the grilled beef short ribs. Try it with each of the four different sauces; you can't really go work here.
I was referred here by a Peruvian friend so I know that this was worth my drive. Being from Miami, I know what good Peruvian food tastes like. I had the Lomo Saltado and I have to say it was fantastic. Great job! I will be back later today to take some home for my family.

Just to be clear, the rating is based strictly on the food. The restaurant is clean and and neat but the music is a bit loud. Other than that, great place. I highly recommend it!!
Saturday night. Starving. Every restaurant had an hour wait. It was meant to be. 

The food was delicious and they give you SO much. You definitely will leave knowing you got your money's worth. 

My fiancé and I shared the chicken special. 1 whole chicken with 3 sides. We did French fries, string beans, and fried rice. I tried 2 plantains that the server was nice enough to put in my string beans - they were amazing. The meal also came with a 2 liter Soda of your choice (or 4 cans) for a total of 24.95. 

We easily would have paid that much for eating at 5 guys with half the food. Leftovers for days!!!!
I would have never paid attention to this business. It's a non descript storefront off of a super busy street in an area surrounded by so many eateries. My son , he lives in Maryland, recommended their Peruvian Chicken, (with the yellow sauce) in his words "it's a game changer." I ordered the whole chicken with three sides and ...... my heavens, the chicken is a definite game changer , the chicken is moist and super flavorful but the sauce definitely elevated the chicken. I shared the chicken with friends so we all picked our own sides. I ordered the plantains .... they were delicious. I can't wait to go back
Oh My God ! This Place has the best Charboiled chicken ever and the sauces that go along with it are Great! I love all the sides and love that it is so accessible and service is fast !
Everything was just as I expected, excellent! I asked my parents what they wanted as I was heading up to Nj and they said "that place we went to near ikea" that was Sardis in Beltsville. So I had to drive all the way to City line avenue outside of Philadelphia to get Sardis. This is a perfect area for a growing restaurant chain. There are a lot of Tv stations and very affluent people in this area. It's close to king of Prussia and Valley Forge two of my favorite places in Pennsylvania. 
The food was to go and we ordered the family meal which is around 40 and three platters which are around 12. It was worth the drive and the food held up good we didn't eat it for two hours because I ended up shopping at the Lord and Taylor's across the street.
So I was in the Manayunk area and decided to try a new place. I dislike trying new places because something always goes wrong. Welp it did for me today. First. there was no communication in this place. I placed my order and took a while for us to get our food. There was about 10 customers. There were a situation at the cashier and the manager came out, fixed the problem then grabbed food and went back. She didn't check on the food or her workers. Only good thing about this place was the chicken. The place was nice and looked cleaned. I wouldn't recommend this place to any of my friends.
"like a quick vacation "...the sound of tropical music and the smell of the grill on the beach and great Peruvian style fare. Awesome grilled food and fresh sides.
I have been here several times in the past two weeks since they have opened.  Every time I am greeted by friendly staff and great food.  The place is super clean, with clear visibility of the kitchen.

So the best bang for my buck so far has been the 1/2 chicken with 2 large sides.  for 10 dollars, it is well worth it.  They load you up on the sides. 

As for the chicken, I can say that wood charcoal is the best way to prepare chicken, if you have not tried it, it is well worth it.  They spice the chicken with cumin, garlic, salt and pepper, the rest of the flavors come from the rotisserie style cooking and the smoke from the wood charcoal.  

I will definately be stopping by whenever I am in the area.  

The manager is super friendly!
Sardi's once had my heart. Used to be the absolute best lunch I would get out while at work. We used to call it in weekly and pick it up. Service used to be fantastic. Now, service has gone down the tubes. There is so much turnover, and the staff is pretty much inept. Items are always missing. They never have what is listed online. They do not value the time of their customers. This has happened to me twice now, where we have ordered online, for approximately 5 people, and because they don't have one item, they cancel the entire order. They claim to have called us and left a voicemail each time, which never happened. We then come in, there is no food, and we blow our entire lunch break waiting for them to make the entire order. It's ridiculous. Also, the staff needs to be trained on the ingredients. We ordered avocado on a salad, it wasn't on the salad, I asked the cashier where the avocado was, and she then proceeded to tell me the feta cheese was avocado. The only thing this place has going for them is the sauce.
Wow. This place puts Boston Market to shame! Whole quality ingredients. The chicken was amazing!!!!!! There was a long line but it was worth the wait. I wish there were more Sardi's around the city!!
This place is simply delicious, insert heart emoji right here! Anyways I'm so glad my curiosity allowed me to discover this wonderful goodness of food. I stopped in on a Saturday afternoon and immediately I noticed the aroma, it smelled so good and from there I knew we was on to a good start. 

I ordered the 1/2 chicken and I saw the staff basically chop large pieces of chicken in front of your face, afterwards he asked me to select my sides and I was a little indecisive as always couldn't decide between rice and beans, Yucca fries,  white rice, potatoes etc. I decided to get the plantains and mixed vegetables.

Overall my food was so good, the chicken was moist, charbroiled and full of flavor, the spices on the chicken was just delicious, the plantains was sweet and slightly crispy on the ends and my mixed vegetables was full of flavor as well.  I even recommend this place to my friend and she liked it as well! Job well done Sardi's you just got yourselves a regular customer!
The reviewers before me were quite detailed, I'll save you some time - GO! NOW!

I can't having remember having chicken as delicious as this. I had the half with rice and beans and plantains. Breast was incredibly juicy. Everything excellent. Salsa verde = perfecta.

I'm in Ardmore and have been to Barbacoa a few times - they aren't in the same league. Not even close. As was said, really extensive menu. I'd love to try some of the other meats but the chicken is so outstanding, I don't know that I ever will.
So...I feel compelled to update, the update, lol. In my previous update, I removed a star, not due to the quality of the food, but because of some "issues" that I had with service. I promptly received an email from the management team apologizing and offering me a voucher for a free meal. Which...I redeemed. When I went in to redeem the voucher, the manager spoke with me about the issue and assured me that my review had been used as a training tool. I have been in several times since then and all is right again. I actually added a star because I appreciate an establishment that cares enough about their patrons to address customer service issues when they arise. The long and short of it is...I'm back on Sardis.
Hard to believe it's been over four years since they opened. I was there opening day.  They had staffed the place entirely with D.C. area veterans who ensured that the Sardi's method was up and running day one.  They had a few slips as they transitioned to a local staff, but they seem to have hit their stride.

Now that they are on DoorDash (with a VERY reasonable delivery fee) they are in heavy rotation for those evenings where I may have had ONE more drink than I'd feel comfortable driving after

Their food travels well.  The pork and lamb chops always arrive hot and juicy and flame kissed.  It's always worth tossing in the who chicken (no sides) for $18 as it's their signature, and no matter what else you're eating, you really WANT ant least a bite (and it's great leftover.) 

Sides are HUGE and most everything is extraordinarily fresh.  A Caesar salad comes with nice shaved Parmesan instead of a shake 
from the green can.

Their food is CONSISTENT.  I've never had a case where something wasn't right.  You DO have to deal with nearly everything being 
well-done.  It's still juicy and flavorful, but you're not going to get your lamb chops rare.  Beef might show a hint of pink, but that's it. As long as you set your expectations you'll never be disappointed.  

Good choice for keto dieters (but good luck avoiding those plantains !!)
So i went here on my lunch break because one of my coworkers gave me a gift card for the holidays I've heard their food is good i go in and place my order for the ultimate mixed grill i pay for my order then maybe 5 min later they come and tell me they don't currently have any of the items included in that meal... so since i had a gift card to this place i said let me try something else so i order the quesadillas at this is at 2:08pm at 2:45 a guy comes over and says "hey man what did you order i came in after you, sat down and ate and you're still standing here" i look at the time and ask for a refund and they say "well how the cashiers supposed to know what the cooks don't have"
I tried Sardi's for the first time today. I ordered the quarter white meal which came with a breast and wing and I selected the brussels and carrots and plantains as the side dishes. It was phenomenal.

Delicious chicken with crispy skin... and the BBQ, Mumbo and Salsa Verde sauces are on point! I'm a fan. Yum.
Love their chicken and the sides are pretty amazing too!

I believe Sardi's is a step up from fast food but probably just below the fast causal range when it comes to dining.  You'll walk in to the counter where you'll select what you'll be having (protein first), then spin around a bit to select sides.  If you're flying solo, I recommend the quarter chicken.  If you're with someone else, maybe a half (or a whole if you'd like some leftovers).

As for sides, they seem to rotate on occasions.  I like the cooked kale w/veggies, the brussels, and of course the fried plantains. You can also swap a side for a small salad if you'd like to stay healthier.

Finally, you get to pick your dipping sauces.  You'll get 6 with a whole chicken (2 with a quarter).  Go green! I also don't mind the yellow, but I seem to be constantly dipping in green.

Once you are done, enjoy!
I've been a super fan of Sardi's for quite some time now.  I first discovered them a few years ago my sister was in college in Maryland, with minimal cooking skills and frequented this place with the good food.  On one of my visits we finally went and I was hooked, we went every time I visited.  So imagine my pleasure when a friend told me about a Peruvian chicken spot that had opened up near her, and I said I have to try it but it's probably wont be as good as this place in Md called Sardi's and she was like wait that's the name of it! I nearly broke my fast (no meat) and went that day, but I held out, and she did the same (true friend). 

So fast forward to the Philly Sardi's experience... It's just as good as the original locations, super clean, friendly... Their chicken is out of this world delicious, the flavors are so pleasing to the tongue, it is never dry, always juicy thanks to the rotisserie.  Due to their chicken being so dang good I personally have never had anything else.. My loyal friend however has ventured out and tried other menu items such as their salmon and their lamb, which she says are both delicious, and they definitely look amazing, however since they are made to order for main courses outside of chicken I would order ahead because it can take a while... they do offer online ordering (you have to pre pay by cc when ordering online). 

Their side dishes are good too especially their plantains, they are sweeter than I'm used to so I wouldn't each them alone but they pair so well with the chicken.  The other side I normally get is the rice and beans.. here is where my gripe comes in.. If I get a platter no issue white rice put the beans on top that's one side and I get my plantain I'm good to go... However, if I get a family meal that comes with 2 large sides, I would have to use the rice as one side and the beans as another because I don't want them in the same container.. but I don't use that much beans, I'm actually the only one who eats them which is why I ask for them separate, no biggie I'll pay the extra just give me a small. Well here is what bothers me.. the small sides and the large sides are somehow the same price?? so I end up paying $4 for a small side of beans with a family meal that only I'm eating maybe 1/3 of.  Sigh... I guess that's the price you pay for good chicken.  If they could work cost kinks like that out, they would definitely be 5 stars in my book!   

Oh and I have to mention their Sardi sauce... they have I think 4 different flavors and heat indexes, I really like the salsa blanca, which has no heat at al but adds a nice flavor to it. Don't forget the sauce really kicks it up a notch.
Superb charcoal-broiled chicken. Both meals I've ordered the half chicken entree - a substantial portion - that is accompanied with two sides. All of their side dishes are traditional South or Latin American cuisine, including fried yuca, golden plantains, and Peruvian rice.

The rotisserie chicken is incredibly juicy. I opted for white meat (for a $1 extra), and it was some of the best charbroiled chicken I've had in quite some time. They also give you a trio of dipping sauces, Salsa Verde (mild kick), Salsa Rojo (chipotle pepper-esque) and Salsa Amarillo (garlic-based). But honestly, the chicken is so flavorsome by itself, you don't need the condiments. 

The fried plantains (a personal favorite) were right on par with some of the better ones I've had. The fried yuca has great texture, and is something a little different than fries. And the Peruvian fried rice is on point too!

I wanted to also note that the menu prices are super reasonable. You get a TON of food for what you pay (I sware I was served an entire cluster of fried plantains). And finally, the entire establishment was very clean. I will definitely be back again!
I have had a chance to come here a few times, but for some reason I always seem to forget about it. Certainly not a reflection on the food or service, I just feel like it is tucked away off City Ave pretty good. I was in the mood for some vegetables and needed something pretty quick to work with my usual Sunday commitments so I tried their Inca bowl. I really did like it and it was so
Much food. Rice, beans, rotisserie chicken chunks, sc, guacamole, carrots...I know I'm missing something. With a side of string beans. Damn, I really wanted the plantains, but I'm trying to be a good boy!  Recommend for something quick and tasty.
As hard as it is to NOT order the delicious chicken here, I've been trying to eat my way through the menu.  I had the short ribs a few days back.  Though short ribs, when not braised, can be a bit on the  chewy side, these were char-grilled to order and worth the extra tooth effort. Today, I had the pork chops.. three thin, delicious, and large bone-in babies also kissed by that grill, and beautifully presented.  If you think the white rice, a generous bed on which these grilled meats are served is for decoration, think again.  I could make a meal JUST out of this delicately savory pile of grains.   As if the delicious large portions of reasonably priced delicacies were not enough,  the SERVICE here is outstanding.  Everyone from the managers to the cashiers are genuinely friendly, and concerned about your experience.  This is the way to run any business, let alone a restaurant.
OUT OF THIS WORLD!!  It's that good! Lines are long but they move fast. Everything on our plate was so good I'm salivating talking and thinking about it. 

Highly recommend!! Please go!
Pollo a la Brasa (rotisserie chicken) and yucca Fries!! And the sauces... THE SAUCES!!! Amazing!!
It doesn't seem like there are that many Peruvian fried chicken places in Philly. So finding this one where it is was surprising. Better yet, it is delicious.

I got a half chicken, and that comes with two good-sized side items. I got the fried plantains and the Peruvian fried rice. You also get the choice of a sauce, and I got spicy. 

Overall for 12 bucks this was a really good dinner... Can't really beat it, even with Boston Market right next door.

This is definitely somewhere I will come back to, and it's great to know that it is here. It's one of those places that if you don't know it exist you would probably drive right by it... No huge signs like Chili's across the street or Starbucks next to it.
The chicken. It really, truly is about the chicken here. When it comes to rotisserie chicken I don't think you can find a better choice. Maybe the Amish stand at the Ardmore Farmers Market is on the same level but after my half chicken (white meat) lunch yesterday, Sardi's is simply exceptional.

The seasonings. The crispy skin. The moist meat. Delicious.

So why just 3 stars?

The sides. The string beans were not fresh (frozen and several were burnt on the bottom). The pinto beans were ok. The sauces were good. Staff was nice and customer service oriented. From ordering to eating was fast.Place was clean. 

Definitely will be back.
My first time here and I love it! Great atmosphere! Great music! Great Service. Reminds me of a Spanish Boston Market lol. Definitely recommended. I will be back!
They've raised prices here a few times in the past year which is quite disappointing. Food and value was great, but with the price increases not sure it's worth it as much. Definitely stopped visiting as often. Food is heavy for lunch but tasty. If you get anything but the chicken expect to wait quite a while.
Honestly, I can't say enough about this place. The food is incredible and the service is always amazing. The yuca fries are by far my favorite side. Don't skip out on the red sauce, it is the real star here!
My friend strongly recommended this chicken place to me. This is her favorite chicken store around here. That why I tried it and I liked it a lot.
Fresh and big portions. Cheap is a terrible word to use. The price is cheap but the quality and service is not. Super busy but still fast and friendly.
1st time visitor, and will def. be back. Moist and flavorful chicken. Surprisingly, I didn't want or need any bread, roll, cornbread or biscuit. The fried rice with egg, chicken and onions was so awesome I could have just ate that by itself!! I got a large container of it to go! I didn't try the dessert but was glad they had some and will  try it next time

Atmosphere -  clean and plenty of seating. Wasn't sure which way to go in to order though

Location - easy to find, parking was ok

Price - more than I was expecting, but worth it

Staff-  friendly and looked like they enjoyed what they were doing and were happy to serve 

Music -  not too loud not too soft ... just right

All together great spot and perfect for  a SFdancer! - Seat Food Dancer - Someone who dances/moves in their seat when the food is good- yep I just made that up ... well at least I gave it that name lol, cause those of y'all that dance know what I am talking bout!
When your fellow diners are policemen, taxi drivers, women in hijabs, a priest, millennial finance guys, petite Asian women, Philly locals and a strange looking guy with a small disheveled therapy dog in tow, you know you have come to the right place.  Located in a strip mall down the street from the hotel we had landed in, this Yelp recommendation did not fail to satisfy and makes us wish that this Maryland Peruvian chain 'Fast' food restaurant was as ubiquitous as the predictable Boston Market brand that can be found next door. Don't be put off by the looming presence of the dialysis treatment facility next door. I suspect a lot of their clients come running to this friendly and yummy restaurant immediately after treatment.  The extensive menu featuring Peruvian favorites with a smattering of Mediterranean type offerings (think Lamb Gyros) is a revelation and took a while to sort through.  But you shouldn't miss the house specialty- the charbroiled chicken.  My only regret was not getting the half chicken, as my smaller dark meat quarter chicken was licked clean and left me wanting for more. Moist, infused with umami lemon saltiness, this chicken ranks up there as one of the better roast chickens that have passed through these lips.  Judging by the strewn bone carcasses left by my fellow eclectic diners, they would agree. Sides of beans and Yuca were solid. Great side sauces and tempting desserts (bread pudding hit the spot).  This strip mall restaurant (lots of seating, no tableside service but they will bring your dine in order to the table) is a hidden gem.  The service was friendly and surprisingly homey and honest with that Philadelphia brotherly love toughness oozing through. A winner in my books.
sardi's rocks. took me a while to finally stop in but it was well worth the wait. i was a bit reluctant bcuz of the long line but again, worth the wait. in fact, thats my only legitimate complaint .. the long, SLOW line. seems the ordering process is a bit broken. some items have to be ordered at one section of the counter and other at the front register but you dont really know that until they tell you or unless youve been there before. 

so far ive tried the ultimate mixed grill, the churrasco de pollo, and the ceviche mixto. the food was tasty and fresh. portions were large. staff was friendly. i will definitely be a frequent customer when i have time to deal with those lines. sardi's, if youre listening, work on moving thru those lines faster and make the ordering process less confusing.
Really good food!  Super salty chicken and super sweet desserts- what's more to want?  It's pretty similar to Boston Market but pricier and better overall.

The highlight was the fried plantains.  Made just the way they are in the islands and South America- SO good!  Not too crispy, not too greasy.  Goldilocks style.

The banana pudding was a great cap to it.  I would suggest buying nilla wafers with it, as it needed some crunch to take it up another level.  Biscoff worked wonders.

My chief complaint is the service.  Maybe they were super busy during lunchtime today, but after calling to get them to bring out our curbside pickup we waited 10 minutes on hold outside.  Unfortunately, they also didn't include the sauces we ordered.  Would not come back during lunch time.  

Overall, will definitely be back... during less busy hours!
Wowwww. This place is a must-have. I've been on the hunt for pupusas since I moved to East Falls and this place's revueltos actually really impressed me. The plantains were absolutely delightful- sweet, caramelized yet so soft..phew. I'm drooling  as I write this review. Idk what any of the sauces were but you need the honey sriracha and the green boy. Quesadilla was THICK af and the empanadas slap. Truly. You need this place  if you like authentic (tasting, because I'm not vouching for their authenticity but if it's a chain or something they got my ass) Latin American food, you'll love it here.
You wouldn't expect one of the best chicken joints in Philly to be in a strip mall across the street from Bala-Cynwyd, but it is.

We've been here many times and it's always great. Wonderful Peruvian flavors grilled on charcoal. The sides are also great and well-made.

There are also other options that are not chicken on the menu. There are several vegetarian options as well.

Extremely reasonable prices: a family of four can eat a whole chicken and three sides easily, which is only $28.
My cousin recently mentioned Sardi's as a place to try for lunch sometime, so when the opportunity came I jumped at it.  Parking was tough, but found on the side of the building.  

The inside was nice, clean and busy.  First impression was an upscale fast food experience.  After reviewing the menu you order, then walk along and add your side orders.  While walking along you get a great view of the rotisserie oven turning around the chicken.  By it's side is a small stack of wood.  I noticed an employee at one point adding wood to the fire.  

There were employees everywhere and they were very helpful and professional.  My cousin and I sat in a booth, chatted while we ate and watched some soccer highlights on the TV's above the booths.  

I ordered a half chicken with a side of broccoli and plantains.  The sides were fresh and just fine.  You are allowed two side sauces, I went with their house Salsa Verde and Salsa Roja.  They both were nice portions.  The verde had way more kick than the roja.  The chicken itself was fresh, easy to eat off the bone and was a more than fair portion.  I would have loved more wood flavor, but there was a fair amount.  The skin was soft and easy to mix in and eat with the meat.  

I was stuffed and although the meal was a little pricey, I thought it was a great value.  I would definitely repeat if I was in the area.  This is a tasty delicious concept.
Peruvian chicken was awesome, fried chicken not so much.  Yucca fries were not fabulous but their different sauces were solid.  My little munchkins enjoyed the dipping experience.
Oh my goodness... This place is amazing!! If you have a craving for Peruvian food, you need to stop by here! Not only are their rotisserie chicken so flavorful and their sides are yummy too, you NEED to ask for their green sauce if you like a kick to your food! I got their 1/4 chicken with fried plantains and chaufa (Peruvian fried rice) for about $9.50. Pretty good deal for lunch! There's a parking lot and indoor seating. Check them out!
This place is super yummy!!! I dont eat meat so this review is really for the side dishes. The chicken looked tasty as heck though! I ordered the fried rice, plantains, brussels, and kale and mushrooms, and they were all pretty tasty. Not overly seasoned and cooked without too much oil etc. Im not from the area, but if you are, its worth adding to you Sunday night dinner list. Prices were reasonable and service was fast.
Freaking awesome delicious food. I love the food here. I haven't ordered anything I didn't like. To be honest, it is a little pricy. Many entrees are $17-$20. If you're willing to spend a little more, it is worth it. The portions are filling. The only con is the ordering is confusing. I think if you order the chicken, you order with the cooks. If you order the steak or anything else, you go to the register. Then, it also takes a while for anything other than the chicken to be ready. The food is amazing though!
The whole chicken was great, loved it. I'm not a fan of the sides, should of went to boston market and got the sides. The fried rice didn't taste like fried rice, the string beans tasted like frozen vegatbles, beans are beans. Basically Chicken is great, there's a boston market like 50 ft away, get the sides there!
I enjoy coming here for  the 1/2 chicken w/rice and plantains along with sauces to dip the chicken in. 
Service is typical pretty quick and I've never had any problems.
Update: I've been an avid Sardi's fan since my college days at the University of Maryland. The food was so flavorful and delicious, not to mention quick, hearty and reasonably priced. For those who knew about Sardi's during its hay day, you probably were aware that the sauces make the meal.

With that being said, last night, my girlfriend's sister delivered us Sardi's and the restaurant commited the most unspeakable of crimes... They forgot to give me sauce!!! I ordered extra green and extra yellow. She ordered extra green and extra yellow. THEY gave me nothing. I ate my Sardi's without any sauce and I was not happy about it.

For this type of unthinkable action, I regrettably must lower my original rating from 5 stars to 3 stars. However, I will subtract another star and I will now give them 2 stars because my last handful of Sardi's experiences have been disappointing. Sometimes I get my food and it's cold; sometimes the sauces are frozen; and sometimes my chicken tastes as salty as the Atlantic Ocean. It tears me apart to have to betray my favorite restaurant with such a poor review... however this must be done as I feel that the new management at this location has betrayed both me and my tastebuds one too many times. I will not stand for this Sardi's... I think it's about time for a divorce.
They really deliver on rice and chicken!
With chickens being slow cooked, rotated over a hot flame - the smells of deliciousness are in the air! I'm comes out with a tasty crispy seasoned skin and juicy flavorful meat. 
They notify you that it may take up to 15 minutes to cook/prep your order, which I don't mind waiting on for a hot meal. 
The only reason this isn't a 5 star for me, is because of the sides. They have them sitting out in hot trays behind glass, kinda like a buffet tray - and they look like they might have been sitting there all day, or leftovers. They may be fresh, but they don't look it. 
PRO TIP: there is plenty of parking and an entrance around back.
Came here for the first time on Sunday and it was pretty packed. The place is sorttttt of hidden as I ended up parking across the street because I couldn't find it at first and they're in front of a busy street so that made it a bit harder. I got the half chicken and two sides (brown rice / beans and the green beans) . I suggest ordering to-go if you want a bang for your buck because they gave me so much food I saved the rest for dinner. 

The chicken was soooo tender, it was cooked perfectly! I was able to cut through easily with my plastic knife. The half chicken was also huge I may add. The green beans were good and the rice was really good as well. You can tell they drench it in butter but I mean that's how it tastes so good right haha. 

They have 3 sauces and I tried them all, I honestly have no preference as they sort of all taste kind of the same to me. There wasn't a sauce that I dipped more in than the others. The service was good too! Just giving it 4 stars because it wasn't a place that blew me away.
Revised down from four stars after spending literally 10 minutes politely attempting to get the cashier to understand our order. 

She told us the food would be delivered to the table. 20 minutes later, we found the food packed to go and getting cold at the register. And, you guessed it, the order was wrong!
PS
The kale had so much sand in it that it was totally inedible. When asked, the  manager(?) confidentially replied, "Well, there's been a lot of rain lately so sand gets in it." 
HOW ABOUT WASHING IT? ??

With proper management, this place would be GREAT!
Love this place. They typically load up the platters so I always feel like I'm getting my money's worth! The line can get long, so I've learned to order online and pickup at the restaurant. You can also eat in the restaurant as they have a few booths and tables. I typically get the chicken meal that comes with sides. I've also tried the quesadillas which are good as well. I love the Brussels sprouts and carrots as a side they are very tasty. Although I have never tried the desserts they always look really good. If you order the chicken I would recommend getting one of the sauces on the side. They are custom to Sardi's and very tasty. Also good to know that the parking lot can get hectic.
If your looking for a home cooked meal and healthy choices, then Sardis is the place. The food and staff is great.
It's interesting to note that Sardi's is in the same vicinity as Boston Market. In fact, it's practically next door. Both sell chicken (quarter, half and whole) with sides, but Sardi's is much more flavorful. 

You get a lot of food for a decent price. For example, the Whole Chicken Special includes one whole chicken, served with three side orders and four cans of soda for under $30 after tax. It can feed an entire family of four. The only side order I'm not a huge fan of is their plaintains. I grew up eating plaintains because my family is from the caribbean. Plaintains can be cooked and prepared various ways. Sardi's plaintains are soft, which is pretty common in Spanish-speaking countries, but to  me, their plaintains are too soft to the point of being mushy most of the time. 

Aside from the mushy plaintains, Sardi's is a go-to spot when we don't feel like cooking, but we want a hearty dinner. If you plan to go for lunch, it can get crowded.
Based on the great  reviews I've read, I expected more from my experience here. The food was okay but everything was very salty, from the fish, to chicken and green beans. If you have a hypertension issue, beware. Also, the horchata tasted very generic and fake...like maybe it came from a mixture that only requires you to add a bit of milk. Overall, I was underwhelmed and can't say I'd return here.
Hands down my favorite restaurant in Philadelphia. Great flavor, great price, great variety on the menu. The chicken is so tender and delicious, and the sauces are out of this world. I would recommend Sardi's to anybody who is passing through City Ave.
Sardi's is basically the Peruvian version of Boston Market, but 10,000x better. I first discovered Sardi's a little over a year ago when my curiosity peaked after seeing people posting photos on social media. 

The menu is HUGE, but your typical go to or at least first visit should be the Pollo ala Brasa and 2 sides. MY go-to order is usually a 1/4 or 1/2 white chicken, white rice (sometimes beans if I'm in the mood) and yuka fries. They have several sauces to choose from as well, but my favorite is the yellow. 

My suggestions on sides would definitely be 1st and foremost the YUKA, plantains, and coleslaw (side note: nothing fancy about it, but I just love the texture when eating it with chicken). 

Sardi's is perfect especially if you're in the area because 90% of the nearby restaurants are chain's.
I had no idea that they are part of a chain originating down in Maryland. Taking that into consideration they far exceeded my hopes and expectations. My broiled chicken was perfection in every way. The crispy skin, the dripping juiciness and the savory blend of flavored down to the last bite would make the 20 minutes drive well worth it. Their platano maduros were consistently sweet and plentiful. Even their rice was delicious. We also had some dessert... The flan left much to be desired, very bland and the consistency was off. However I have reason to believe that this is made by a third party supplier given that it has a label whereas the other options did not. The tiramisu was flavorful and appetizing though not congruent with the traditional recipe is any way. Do yourself a favor and grab some chicken today.
While this restaurant has acceptable tasting food, I have no intentions of ever coming to this restaurant due to the poor service I had to suffer through today. 

For example, today my family spent $40 dollars getting lunch there. We realized, upon our meal arriving, that we didn't receive any water cups, so we went to the cashier and asked for four. Without even making eye contact to feign interest, she told us that we were only allowed two plastic cups. In my opinion, this is ridiculous. We were not asking for something that cost money; we were merely asking for cups to drink tap water with. There is no reason for the woman to deny us something so trivial. 

This isn't the only issue I found with Sardi's, however; upon digging into my souvlaki, I was shocked to find a long black hair in the middle of my chicken skewer! While it seemed that most of the people working then were wearing hair nets, it's apparent to me that the person preparing my food did not take any care in trying to make sure it was sanitary. The inability of the staff to prevent something like this is depressing, to say the least. 

All in all, Sardi's is a place I would not recommend to people hoping for a nice restaurant with welcoming staff and safe food.
I took my two boys ages 12 & 9, they had the lamb gyro & the fish with cheese "burger." They didn't talk the entire time...Really think they liked the food. We also were with two seniors (older people) who really liked the food too. He had the lamb dinner, ate the entire thing (an let me tell you; portions are pretty large). She had a small salad and the plantains...delish!

I had the fried rice and yuca, yum! Although we ate in the restaurant, I followed the advise of another yelp reviewer and asked for our meals to go. That was a good advise, we had large appetites today so we didn't bring much back with us. However if you don't eat as much as we, you'll need to use those togo containers.

We were there as a reunion of sorts which means we were there for a while (3 hours). I mention this because we were able to see the late lunch and dinner crowd. There's plenty of seating so even though we were sitting for such a long time, everyone who wanted to had room to enjoy their meals.

There's no wait staff, but your food will be brought to you if you are dining in. The bathrooms were large and clean.

Yes, we will be going back again. Looking forward to more locations opening up.
I'd been wanting to do Peruvian roast chicken for forever, and had been stymied at every turn. Had tried to go in DC, where there are a ton of places that specialize in it, but unfortunately I was hanging out with two vegetarian friends all that weekend and couldn't get away. Hence the trip upon my return to Philly. 

Verdict? Pretty good. Not amazing. It was rather cheap - 9-11 bucks for a half or full fried chicken with two sides - I went with the yuca fries and green beans, and also got plantains as an extra side. 

The most revelatory part of the whole experience was trying Inca Kola (bottled cream soda for the first time, as well as these behemoth cookies (tres leches or some other dairy basis, maybe?) that were delicious.

One of those meals where I had felt pretty gross afterwards from all the heavy foods. Maybe my fault just as much as the food's fault, but it happened. 

For me, probably not worth the 25 minute drive out anytime soon.
Service was extremely slow and disorganized. When my food came it was barely warm with the exception of the side vegetables. Seemed like it was sitting for a while and was soggy. First time there and my last time. I should have gone to one of the other places across the street.
Just found my new favorite place to eat amazing chicken and affordable authentic Peruvian cuisine. Although they are chain, they do their food well and the service was top notch. I highly recommend this place for a casual family dinner or a quick bite for lunch.
As confusing as it was bad. The place was set up like a fast food joint with customizations. You can compare this to Boston market or chipotle but a lot more expensive, restaurant-prices expensive.

The layout was very confusing. The line started where the menu was at, similar to what you would see at a chipotle or Boston market. I would look at the menu and tell my chef what I wanted, he would then tell me to go the counter to tell my cashier my order. However, I would have to wait in line to get to the cashier and once I'm there, there's no menu so sometimes they send me back to see what I wanted and come back to pay, waiting in line again.

Imagine paying first at a chipotle and then going to the back of the line to pick out what you want on your burrito and going back to the front to pay for whatever extra you put in or any items you wanted off your meal. 

That aside, my meal took forever to come out. Most of the items were pre-made and it took close to 20 minutes to get my food. I had a quarter chicken, lomo saltado (stir fry beef) and a side of sausage for lunch. This cost me over $30. My stir fry beef was very dry and the rice that came with it was even dryer. The rice tasted like something you would feed your dog. The chicken had no flavor. All the seasoning was only skin deep. Once the skin fell off the chicken, you're pretty much eating unseasoned boiled chicken. I had fried rice with my chicken, hoping it'd tasted better but not really, it was still dry and stale. I ordered a side of chorizo sausage with my meal and it came 15 minutes after I finished my first entree. The beef came first and they forgot the sausage. The chicken never came and I had to come up and wait in line to ask them for my order. At this point they packed up my food to go because it took too long and they figure I'd just take it to go.

If you're thinking you're going to get an authentic Peruvian meal here, you won't. There are so many actual Peruvian restaurants that serve amazing food for much cheaper. This place not good unless you're in the area and do not mind an expensive bland meal. I'm giving them an extra star for their sauces, which were great.
Loud music. 

Overpriced. 

Unhelpful employees. 

Better off going to a legit restaurant. Don't waste your money here.
