On a cold night before Christmas, we stopped by Sassafras for drinks that were magnificent and bordering on magical. It was a Friday, and the bar was packed, but my man and I nabbed a high top and enjoyed some Great Lakes Christmas Ales and spiked hot ciders while taking in the very festive holiday decor. Nearby, a couple dined on the most delicious smelling burger. I knew I had to get back and try the food. 

Last week, a friend/business contact suggested Sassafras for our lunch meeting, and I didn't have to think twice. It turned out to be a great decision. Sassafras got sassy all up on my taste buds when I bit into the bison burger with cheddar and sauteed onions. Absolutely delicious. The patty was perfectly seasoned and so flavorful, but it was much leaner than a beef burger so it didn't feel like a lead weight in my stomach all afternoon. 

Our side of sweet potato fries was an excellent move as well. These were the best sweet potato fries I've ever had, and I had no problem saying it over and over. Surely I sounded like a parrot. The fries were crispy and crunchy (that almost never happens with sweet potatoes!) and the spicy ketchup and garlic aioli dipping sauces just added to the awesomeness. 

Totally looking forward to my next visit.
Outstanding atmosphere with 1920s Jazz and beautiful tile and wood paneling. The cocktail list is impressive, and while the draft list is short, every selection is quality.

This place is great for happy hour, a date night, or to start off the evening. The waitstaff is friendly and clever. Things move comfortably slowly here. Settle in and enjoy.
basically okay, but maybe if you know it well and are hanging out with friends. bartender didn't know which whiskies they had, pointed to a board with their draft beers which wasn't near me so I had to get up and look for myself. it wasn't crowded so not sure why the service was so bad. maybe they sensed I wasn't a local and didn't care? idk, but with the variety of places to have a drink on 2nd, not sure I'd return
One of the many reasons why you should venture off to Old City would be establishments like this. The entrance alone makes you feel like you have entered into a whole different state of mind. A relaxed state, a comfort state escaping the ongoing walking traffic outside, or the hustle of the cars trying to maneuver there way to that green light. I think it could also be that the feel of walking through the curtains  sets the mood for some delightful cocktails, with a kick to it. 

A toast to the libation gods with a mouthwatering menu for an added measure is what can be expected . Bridget was our bartender that evening ,  I must say she was  awesome, always on the game never missing a beat. I will say even her coworker kept things lively , I want to say his name was Mike, but I could be wrong. I did remember he was slinging some great Sangria concoctions at the Yelp pool party event  .   

Now seeing I am a beer aficionado , I pay homage to a great craft on tap, Sassafras on the other hand has a small selection on tap.  Even with the small selections to peruse from, their bottled selections is very impressive, where I enjoyed an Innis and Gunn by the way. 

The pregame festivities prior to me enjoying this fine craft I was surveying their cocktail list. The one that caught my attention was their "Moscow Mule"  that I recommend, well everything they make I recommend that is a given. I also decided to peruse a French drop cocktail with absinthe added to the mix. Mike, well I am going to call him "Mike"  for the moment makes this concoction, with a story behind it . The presentation alone in making this concoction will have you mesmerized. A nice glass of liquid licorice basically with a kick you won't feel right away. What is more interesting is the glass of ice water given to you for back up, just in case you are not into licorice, it will somewhat defuse that taste  . 

Sassafras is an establishment that has a relaxing vibe to it with a few libations along with some great food. I did not partake in the food, but from what I have seen it does look delicious. I also will say this , you might want to go in there during the different seasons, they always have a new blended drinks, to Sangria they are displaying.
This bar is the place to go for grown-ups looking to escape the douching hour in Old City on the weekends.  My friend & I happened to be in this part of town last Friday night & we had to think fast as night fell and hordes began to descend.  As luck would have it, we were walking past Sassafras as the last rays of light were disappearing.  It was like a bad zombie movie as we rushed for cover from the masses.

The bar here is chill, the bartenders are older with charming accents, the patrons are on the right (for me) side of thirty, and the food is decent.  The only thing holding me back from posting a 5 star review is the wine by the glass selection.  Heavy on new world style wines with a high markup and smallish pours.  Not a single French wine by the glass to be found.  Other than that small gripe, a great place to while away the twilight hours.
Sassafras had me at Lamb burger! or rather it did after I read Felicia's most impressive review. So when some friends and I were looking for a good pub for an Old City aftermath on a weekday, I couldn't think of a better destination.

When it comes down to it Sassafras is the perfect antithesis from your typical Olde City bar if your looking to sophisticate things up a notch. Its classy without being pretentious or snooty; and is perfect if you're looking to shoot the shit about dogs and city living with a cool bartender and colorful regulars.

The best way to sum up the food is bloody fantastic. at first I kind of feared the colossal shrimp cocktail since it was big enough to make me think of the hand scene in Beetlejuice. But once our group tasted it we instantly dubbed it some of the best shrimp we ever had. But the true gem of the menu is its Burger selection. whether you get the aforementioned Lamb burger; or select sirloin, bison, ostrich (or veggie) your making a sound decision. toss in your choice of cheeses like cheddar and gruyere, and some fresh made sauces; and assortment of toppings that include fried egg and tavern ham, then it gets better. But if you get the lamb burger with au poivre sauce and  grilled mushrooms then you might just experience the foodgasm that I did!

Throw in the slightly above standard beer selection that you know and love; and their exceptional artistry of cocktail making, and you have a winner!
New King of Publand Crowned!!! Long live the King. 

I have been longing for a Pub that pours a pint of Guinness properly, and does a decent bite. Enter Sassafras.

What really struck me is how excellent their list of burgers is.  They have 5 meats from which to choose...not toppings...meats!  Ostrich, Bison, Sirloin, Lamb...and I guess I have to include the veggie one too. I'm a huge fan of all of those options, but opted for the Bison.  The toppings are not commonplace.  One can choose from sauces like Bernaise & au Pouvoir, and cheeses like aged gruyere & Stilton. I did gruyere and caramelized onions...it tasted like a french onion soup burger.  HUGE flavour; $12. 

The draught beer list is small, but focused.  The bartenders have their little certification from Ireland, indicating that they are experts pourers of the life giving Guinness stout.  

This is all I wanted...A very good sandwich and 2 pints for $20.  Well done mates, I can't wait to be back.
Came in for Samhain specialty cocktails but I ended up ordering Guinness because nothing looked good. 

Chalkboard outside advertises bar bites during happy hour, never saw a food menu.

It was damn near impossible to get the bartender's attention despite sitting at a high top directly behind the bar seats. 

Speaking of, not sure those tables should even be there. The walkway suffered as a result, and quite a few people bumped into me as they passed back and forth.

Took about 15 minutes to get the bartender to notice us for round 2, and he ended up charging us full price for our second drinks despite the fact that it was still happy hour.

The only other person working was a waitress; she never dropped by us once. No one offered us a food menu, or waters, or anything that could have improved our experience.

Live music was only okay. It did not serve to add anything special to an already less than mediocre experience.

Kind of divey, though I felt like that was more as result of lack of upkeep than by design. For happy hour, I really wished I had gone back to Moriaty's instead: $3 Guinness and some bomb wings would have done the trick.

Other people's food smelled pretty good, I might be back for that, though not any time soon and probably only as result of other people's wishes.
Came by here for a few drinks on one of the very few snowy evenings this year.... I don't know if what the cold snow outside, the warm personalities of the bar staff, or the drinks they kept pouring me, but I wanted to cozy up to the bar and never leave.  

Quick random tip:  If you find yourself on the second floor in a room the size of a studio apartment with a large sofa, etc - you're not lost-  you have indeed found the ladies room.
Love this place.

A nice non-Old City oasis in the middle of Old City. We usually come here before seeing a movie. The food is great and interesting, the staff is really nice. Some crazy old man kept trying to talk to me and the bartender diverted attention for me.

One gripe:
Delicious, but VERY weak Bloody Marys.
I just recently moved to a new apartment in Old City (reason for my brief Yelp hiatus) and was worried about a finding a bar with the same feel as my old haunts in Powelton Village. Let me be the first to say that these fears were not only unnecessary, but down right stupid. I have always heard "horror stories" of Old City bars and eateries being over run by tourists, loud and obnoxious early 20 somethings, and underage college kids getting black out drunk, but as soon as I sat down at the gorgeous aged mahogany bar at Sassafras I knew I had found my new home. The bartenders (Allie, Chris, Fergus, Karl, and Neal) are all incredibly personable and knowledgeable, and for the first time in my life I really don't mind going to a place alone because they all truly make me feel like I've known them for years.

Let me get this out of the way now, yes, the place is kind of pricey, but it is beyond reasonable for the quality of the food, drinks, and atmosphere. They have a wide selection of house made burgers, Ostrich, Bison, Lamb, Sirloin, and Veggie, and they have an even bigger selection of toppings. Also, they have the best Mongolian Dumplings I have ever had in my entire life, steamed doughy dumplings filled with a mixture of Lamb, Sirloin, garlic, and onion, but be warned, one appetizer order is easily enough to be eaten as a meal. The sweet potato fries are to die for, as are the regular fries, but if you find yourself craving a quick bite after downing a couple of strong drinks you really can't go wrong by ordering the sweet potato fries.

Sassafras is usually full of "regulars" and a more mature clientele, a welcome change from the normal Old City crowd of testosterone fueled college students trying to "rage", and I can't put into words how happy that makes me. Oh, and how could I forget! Sunday, Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday they have live music nights consisting of smooth jazz (stand up Bass, Saxophone, guitar, and sometimes Trombone), which is definitely worth seeing.

If you find yourself in Old City and are looking for a night out with like minded adults at a place with incredible food and drinks, Sassafras is the place for you!
I really enjoy this place. It is a nice, small place with a lovely atmosphere and, being in Old City, it has some nice antique flair. I quite enjoy going to the bathroom here for the vintage plumbing. The crowd is typically mature and quiet and the servers are professional, quick and attentive when need be. This is a good place to take somebody for lunch or dinner so you can have a relaxing meal with conversation that isn't drowned out by blaring music, spillage from other diners, and other forms of noise pollution found in many establishments.

While other places seem to fill up around here and while other places get put on lists for "Best Burger", I think Sassafras is easily the best I've had in Philadelphia. I'm hardly a burger guy, but this place is one of five places that make me want burgers periodically (two being in Scotland). I initially went here for the Ostrich burger, and I must say that it is top five burgers I've ever had. Ostrich meat is absolutely delicious and every time I order a burger here they cook it perfectly to order (medium-rare for me). I also ordered the Buffalo burger another time and it is another top five quality. The lamb burger is also quite good. I like to get the "Dillinger" on all the burgers so I get caramelized onions and swiss cheese. 

One time, I made the mistake of passing on the sweet potato fries in favor of regular fries, but I will NEVER do this again. Their sweet potato fries are some of the best I've ever had and they come with an addictive garlic aioli that was another stepping stone in changing how I view mayonnaise. 

That being said, I do not believe I've actually tried the regular hamburger. I don't know if I ever will either, as I think I'll be going there for the Ostrich burger. It is unique and it is delicious. I don't know how the bar is, as I haven't tried it, but I believe I had the lemonade and other similar drinks here and found it to be quite good. 

Suddenly, I am craving a burger. Sadly, there is a snow storm outside, and I will not venture from the Schuykill-side of Center City to the Delaware-side, as tempting as it is. If there is one place that would make me for a burger, it may just be Sassafras.
This is a very cute bar on that Second Street block (with Cuba Libre and Plough & Stars) where I hung out as a kid (college kid). I was surprised to see so many old standards still in existence, and sad I hadn't stumbled on Sassafras back when. But it was a very fun stop on our First Friday, and definitely a place I'd like to visit again!

My son was asleep in his stroller, so I popped my head in to ask if baby was allowed? The bartender graciously welcomed us in, and helped us to the best spot for the stroller. It was Happy Hour time, but their HH offers didn't apply to their craft cocktail menu, which I wanted, nor do they offer any HH food specials.

My husband had the Summer in Manhattan, I had the Whiskey Sour. I much preferred mine, and my husband wished he'd chosen it. The WS was made with raw egg white, which put me off a little (I am a total food chicken these days), but when the bartender explained the lime would "cook" it, I got brave. It added so much to the drink. It gave it more substance without being heavy or changing the liquid's density. It was not a typical WS, but it was better than any I've ever had. I don't think I can appreciate the cocktail in future venues now that I had the Sassafras version. Seriously.

The Summer in Manhattan was well done, but again, did not compare to the WS. I think if it'd been compared to another drink it would stand out, but the clear champ was the WS.

My husband also had coffee, which was standard, good.

The bartender was very personable (sorry we did not get his name), and the few other patrons there in the late afternoon were friendly enough, enjoying themselves in a mellow way.

The old tile on the walls and floor is really neat to see conserved, although preserved is another story. For example Franklin Fountain has spared no expense in preserving/restoring all the Victorian features of its interior, and everything is fresh as the day it was new. Sassafras could stand to do some upkeep on the ceiling tile paint, the missing or chipped mosaic tiles, woodwork, etc. I get that this is a bar, which will see more clumsy drunk wear than a cutsie tourist ice cream joint, and it may not be worth the effort, but it's a shame nonetheless. The drinks are high end, and the food menu looked very now. The prices were reasonable for what you get, but when you're offering a fine standard for your fare, maybe put a little back into your historic ambiance? This would have added a lot for me. I think it would make more clear the intended purpose and mission of this place. I think the drinks and food deserve it.

Anyway, it was a nice stop, a cool spot to relax and hang before the galleries on First Friday, and I can imagine, a fun place on the weekend partying. Would definitely return!
The first time I sat down in Sassafras a few months ago, I thought I had stumbled upon Old City's answer to Chick's Café & Wine Bar.  I had been vaguely aware of the café's existence for years yet never thought to stop in.  I was instantly charmed by the tin ceilings, tiled floors and old-timey surroundings, including the bartenders, who were dressed in starchy whites with black ties.  

The cocktail menu looked promising.  Absinthe, ROOT, and other interesting spirits were listed as ingredients.  After two or three visits, however, I've found the consistency of the drinks to be staggeringly different depending on the 'tender.  I've had great drinks at Sassafras but I've also had several disappointing ones.  I once ordered a bloody Mary, a featured drink on the menu, and the result was something akin to what I can mix myself on an airplane using only two ingredients.  

All things considered, I still think this bar is one of the gems of Old City, and rumor has it that the food is pretty good, too.  I'll definitely return but I'll be choosy with my beverage selection.
I have walked up and down 2nd st for over 4 years now and I can't believe I have never ducked in here before !

We were on our way back home after Old City Bar hopping and this became our last stop! What a great bar! Live Jazz! The band played tremendously! I felt like I was watching Treme in my own living room. Bartender was gracious, nice and a gentleman. Interesting beer selection with a local draft from western pennsylvania that I have never heard of. Cocktails were nice & dry! We also had a beer float with their house sassafras icecream and let me tell yall- get that icecream! This is my new favorite bar! Had such an amazing time!
We decided to try out another place in Olde Town near the hotel and yelped "Irish bars". I was surprised to see Sassafras International Cafe come up, but excited to try another new place in Philly.

We sat at the bar and ordered two Innis & Gunn Scottish Beers, which were really good. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/L0zMk5SXnqR0JLEe0XY20g?select=r0w_NAH1q5mGLK9Q3DGaAA

While I was there, I wandered up to the ladies restroom which is huge for a one room bathroom, complete with murals and a couch. How comfy! I loved the murals though. Very Very cool. Check them out, http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/L0zMk5SXnqR0JLEe0XY20g?select=UgJBKDjhiLuPL8lYe9FvHQ
Closed right now (March 2008) but soon to reopen, Sassafras is a pleasant, tin-ceilinged island in the shallow sea that is Old City.  

The finest burger in the city resides here, the lambburger.  Topped with boursin and sauteed onions, this juicy baby blows all other burgers out of the beefy water.  

Super friendly bartender maintains his charm even when his bar is utterly empty on a Thursday night, dispensing fancy-shmancy drafts and cheapie well drinks with equal aplomb.   

I created a wasted scene here once, with lots of crying, shrieking and stomping of my little drunkard's feet, and was STILL welcomed back later when I had recovered myself.  Now that is hospitality.
This place is a gem in Old City! Delicious cocktails, friendly bartenders, and live jazz. It's refreshingly different from the either stuck up or frat boy atmospheres of other local bars. 

We stopped in Sassafras for a light dinner and drinks. They didn't have the drink I wanted, so the bartender made something special for me. It was some kind of coffee and whipped cream cocktail and tasted just like a cappuccino. They have all kinds of burgers: sirloin, bison, ostrich, and veggie. I opted for a chicken sandwich, which was cooked perfectly juicy and wrapped in generously buttered bread. 

Everyone inside was so friendly. We chatted with the bartender for a while, and one of the other patrons bought us a drink because he thought he was cursing too much and ruining our dinner (he wasn't, but it was a nice gesture!). The live jazz really set the mood as well.
From the first time I walked in the door I have loved Sass for late-night drinking. It's warm and cozy and comfortable, with a nice big bar and super friendly/talented/awesome bartenders - everything a bar should be, really. Today we tried it for lunch, and I was equally pleased. The hot wings made my nose run, which is the test of a good hot wing, and the sweet potato fries were the best I've ever had. I also had a bite of my lunch buddy's grilled cheese, and it was excellent. The perfect thing to warm you up on a cold and rainy day is lunch and booze at Sass.
Stopped in for a few drinks at the bar with a friend after having dinner.
At first we sat at a high top, but when two seats opened at the bar we quickly moved there as it was a bit more space and more comfortable.

Atmosphere is vintage, dark woods, intricate details, trophy hunter animal head on the wall.  I loved it.

Summer time I drink a lot of French 75s and the bar tender made them expertly.  Several of them went down nice and easy at an affordable price for a cocktail.  

I want to move in and live in the woman's bathroom.
I lingered a good 10 minutes in there.
I've walked past Sassafras at least a hundred times and assumed that it was just another 2nd Street mediocre bar (there are many).

My wife and I were both having our hair done down the street and were looking for a nice place for a light dinner and cocktails, thanks to Yelp we found Sassafras.

Very intimate decor and a noticeable lack of loud/drunk patrons. A duo was playing jazz by the window while we enjoyed a nice glass of Pinot Noir. My wife had the steak frites, while I nibbled on some wings and deviled eggs. All were delicious. Sitting at the bar we both commented on the great care they were crafting cocktails (will try next time). The tremendous service from our Irish bartender was the icing on the cake!
Sassafras is hands down the best bar in Philadelphia. Over the course of my two years in Philadelphia, I have logged many hours at the bar, sipping cocktails, listening to live music, and eating delicious meals. Allow me to break down some of the many wonderful things I love about Sass:

The Food: I have yet to have a disappointing meal here. My go-tos are the calamari and the fried pickles, because the batter is just amazing, and the sauces - aioli for the pickles and something sweet and tangy for the calamari - are fantastic every time. Do ask about the specials, though, because there is almost always something creative on the menu that will make even the least adventurous eaters feel like foodies, and sometimes they come with a side of sweet potato fries, which I swear I could eat all day long.

The Drinks: Owner/Bartender Neill created a drink just for me. I'm not going to tell you what it's called because I'm selfish like that (and I'm also afraid you'll spoil the ingredients, which I would prefer remain a blissful mystery). Suffice to say, it is magical, and I order it every time. I also love the large selection of cocktails they roll out for special occasions. Keep an eye on the Facebook page, because I'm sure one of the autumn concoctions will tickle your fancy!

The Place: Sass is undeniably warm and inviting. The real gem (in my opinion) is the ladies' room, which features a beautiful mural on the walls, a comfy couch, and a full-length mirror to aid in the prevention of wardrobe malfunctions.

The People: The best part of Sass is truly the wonderful people who work there. I had only to tell them "Neill makes me this thing that's pink and fruity" and each of them came up with their own unique version - all delicious. They are friendly, warm, welcoming people who are always good for a laugh and/or a slice of wisdom, and they always go the extra mile for their patrons. Just last night, Angie poured a bucket of ice water over my head out front for the ALS Ice Bucket Challenge. 

But why take my word for how incredible this place is? Go see for yourself, order a drink and a plate of sweet potato fries, and strike up a conversation with your bar tender. I hope we meet at the bar!
The lamb burger here is so good that it can turn into an addiction.  Seriously.  The meat is juicy and flavorful, and the brie and sauteed onions complement it perfectly.  I have also had the same burger with bechamel and mushrooms, and that was a delicious combination, as well.  In fact, the possibilities are almost endless if you take into consideration the choice of meat (veggie, beef, ostritch, lamb, bison), cheeses, sauces (rec. the bechamel and bordelaise, if you get the sirloin), and toppings.  The burgers are even good the next day (I always get one to bring for lunch if I or a family member is in the area)!  Plus, I really like that they can give you a salad instead of fries because they have a great honey mustard dressing.  My lamb burger and salad lunch today definitely made the workday bearable and seem shorter.
Really I have never had anything but a great time here...great food, great service, great drinks, great crowd...and a couple times there's been live music - just a perfect setting. 

The seating is rather limited in maybe 15 bar seats and 6 or so tables...there is some standing room as well. But I have always found a place to sit when I have come in here. It feels so authentic inside and the deer with a top hat above the bar really set's the mood. There is a quaint fireplace and you just have such a great old feeling inside. 

The bartenders are always always GREAT and my favorite is that when you order a Guinness they actually put the shamrock on the top! Bonus points for that...it's in the details you know. 

They have a ton of burger options...Bison, Ostrich, Beef, and a could others and they come out perfect, and their sweet potato fries are also delicious, with yummy dipping sauces. 

They have a great mixed drink menu, good beer selection and a good wine selection too.
In a neighborhood characterized by the trendy, the bright, the loud, the obnoxious, Sassafras is a diamond in the rough. Warm lighting sets a rosy glow to the inside , unassuming from the outside. In fact, were it not for the suggestion of my date, I likely wouldn't have given this spot a second glance. Thank goodness for the experiences of others (though I'm sure Yelp would've steered me here eventually....)

A Friday night around 11 pm wouldn't seem like the ideal time to suddenly decide to switch bars in OC, but Sassafras welcomed us with open arms on a not-so-chilly second day of Spring. Though there were a number of small parties dining and drinking, there was more than enough space for us to sidle up to the bar and snag some stools. The drink menu was diverse without feeling like a novella, offering a little something for everyone, from their take on a Manhattan served in a martini glass (I steered clear from that one, though it smelled lovely, since bourbon and I aren't too tight nowadays) and a Dark  & Stormy with a decent pour, an excellent bite from the ginger beer, and a smooth lime finish. The bartenders lent expertise and sophistication to the atmosphere, looking dapper and dandy. The prices weren't outrageous, especially relative to some other quality spirits spots. It was obvious that my fellow patrons felt at ease, shooting the breeze with the employees bringing steaming plates of burgers and fries to their tables. We were just there for a well-crafted cocktail, but I did spot a fair-priced draft list of quality craft beers.

Whether it was the dark & stormy or the location itself, I left Sassafras feeling refreshed. And even though it was to emerge into the hustle and bustle of midnight in OC, it carried me home with a smile.
After being harassed by an entire troup of d-bags at Eulogoy, I was ready to get the hell out of the area but wanted a drink.  Like NOW.  So we ended up walking in here - the place was welcoming and I loved the name (I will totally buy a wine I know nothign about if I like the label).

I liked the atmosphere in here.  Mellow, quiet.  Groups of people just talking quietly and enjoying themselves.  The fireplace smelled great and was a huge boost in the ambience department.  It's a little spot of goodness in an area that otherwise leaves me feeling disappointed.

The bartender was great - I can't recall his name (but he was adorable and should totally be my boyfriend.  At least until Ryan Gosling realizes that he wants to marry me).  But I told him what I was in the mood for and he suggested and then made a really good cocktail (a Vesper) that hit the spot.  He also suggested SoutWwark's when I talked about going to Apothecary.  In retrospect, I wish I had taken him up on his suggestion.

I didn't eat here but I really enjoyed the atmosphere and the drink (and the bartender - hee).
They don't know it yet, but I have a scheme to make the folks at Sassafras Bar my friends.  

Great cocktails, good food (love their fries), and live jazz. What's not to love? It's a cozy respite from the other, more tourist-y places in Old City. I want it to be my default spot when we say, "Let's get a drink or dinner near home tonight."

Service is excellent. Staff work together to make sure that everyone is taken care of. Our water glasses were never empty. 

They also know their way around a cocktail. They've got good wine and beer, but if you like a good cocktail I'd highly recommend you order one when you stop here. 

Food was good too. The burger was good. My husband's chicken sandwich was a hit. And the fries were really, really good. So glad I didn't make the "healthier" choice and get a salad instead. But since I hope to be back often, I might need to choose the salad from time to time. I'll report back on that.

Another thing I liked: paying is easy. The check has tip suggestions (They do the math for you--after a few drinks I do appreciate that. Don't judge.) and a QR code so you can pay online with your phone. That's a pandemic thing that I hope sticks around. I paid without additional paper, which I like. 

Add live jazz music and the fact that it's a short walk from home, and you've got a combination that makes Sassafras my favorite Old City bar.
Sassafras is lacking. I went there only because Khyber Pass was packed. And I was disappointed by the service and food. First the service, they were under staffed and it showed. The timing on order was very bumpy. Next, the food was a miss. The Gazpacho was more like Pico de Gallo.  Also ordered a blueberry cobbler that had no crust on top. I was hoping it was upside down, but it wasn't.

Really wished I went to Khyber instead.
This bar is the classy lady on the block. Dimly lit, with a beautiful full-length bar, cloudy mirrors, and twinkling candles and lamps. The tin ceiling is a find, as are the original, ornately tiled walls. Aesthetically, this bar is a little piece of france buried in the slop of Old City. 

The night I came in there was a soft classical guitar and viola duo, and a few small groups (mostly in 2s) chatting quietly. The bartender is charming - though I would have liked to see an actual wine list versus a verbal listing of grape varieties - he poured me a generous portion. And I LOVE the deer head that hangs above the door. His little ears point through his jaunty fancy hat, silver cigarette holder and unlit smoke dangling from his deer lips. Poncy fellow, that deer. 

If I was trying to impress a European grad student or get into the pants of an art curator, I'd bring him here and sit in the back. As is stands, I'll definitely be back with my honey when the brashness of Old City becomes to much/
Came here once with my buddies Kevin and Steph before a YEE, and it was a pretty awesome little place. The specials are good, the snacks are decent, and the facility itself, while on the smaller end, gives you a nice cozy feeling. It's definitely a place that you could see yourself sipping a cup of hot cider with that special someone a few days before Christmas while it lightly snows outside. It's also a place you could come down with your buddies during a hop through Center City escapade, so it's rather diverse in its offerings, which is pretty awesome.

Drinks can be made sans-alcohol as well, which is a welcome sight. They still taste quite good, and I'm always stoked by a place that has live jazz, so I'm giving this place a definite thumbs up!

TLDR: Go here! Good drinks, live jazz!
Sassafras, you're misplaced. Olde City is a sea of poor service, overcrowded bars, and annoying patrons. You escape the pitfalls and stand out.

I've been meaning to eat here for years. And there's a lot to like about this place. As soon as you step inside, the decor stands out. Simple, historic, well taken care of. A long wooden bar leads along one side with small dining area in the back. There's a fireplace, but sadly, it's not in use. There's also an awesome textured ceiling. And I hear the lady's room is a sight to see.

I was out with my good friend Cambria while we were waiting for a showtime of "Black Swan." I didn't get anything to drink, but the beer list was respectable. Lots of local beers. There isn't anything that isn't readily available elsewhere, but still good choices nonetheless. There's also an extensive whiskey list.

Our server was excellent. He had a fantastic dry sense of humor, and he was on top of everything all evening. He knew a lot about the menu, including the fat content of all of the different burgers, which was helpful info and impressive. We both opted for burgers, medium-rare lamb for myself and veggie for Cambria. They were served with sweet potatoe fries and garlic aioli, and both of these were great.

My burger was excellent. It was juicy, and cooked exactly right. The lamb was a great meat for the burger, with a different taste than beef but the same consistency and texture. There are a lot of options for toppings and cheese, but I went simple with American cheese. Overall, it's an excellent burger, and probably the best in the area. It's also pretty sizable, I'd guess between 6 and 8 oz. The veggie burger is impressive, with a red bean and wheat base. It actually tastes good and has a pretty palatable texture. I don't eat veggie burgers often, but I could certainly enjoy this one.

Bottom Line: I don't make my way down here often, and Eulogy is still my first choice. But Sassafras has a nice bar, a great atmoshpere, good service, and tasty burgers. It gets my recommendation, even if it may be quite some time before my next visit.  Still, I wouldn't recommend showing up here after 8:30 on the weekends.
...loved the name, so I randomly dropped in. Ended up sitting next to a guy who returned from a visit earlier in the evening...great conversation ensued. Add an awesome bartender, another random regular, and a nice selection of white wine: Win-Win. 

See you guys soon :-)
Awesome bar, great innovative cocktails, bartenders are very informative and friendly.
[I used to date the conductor of an experimental jazz big band, so here's some music to accompany this review--you'll see why at the end.]

http://youtu.be/Wo9nfRX68Po

REVIEW: The monthly meeting of the Facebook group BURGER CLUB PHL (yes, we are that geeky!) was held at Sassafras Bar in Old City this past week.

Actually, I had never even heard of Sassafras before, despite having walked by it many times on the way to nearby Khyber Pass.  However, it is definitely not the new kid on the block, having been around for more than 35 years!  Bars don't last that long unless they have something going for them, but still, Sassafras appears to fly a bit under the radar, at least for most of the douchey after-work Old City bar set.  Which is just perfectly fine by me.

A long, thin, small bar and dining area (seating perhaps only 25 or so) decorated in dark wood and tap list-painted mirrors, Sassafras feels cozy and intimate.  Not stuck-up-and-pretentious intimate, but more of a neighborhood bar that has some real old-fashioned style.  Just siddle up to the bar for a perfectly poured Guinness (complete with shamrock-emblazoned head!), or a short list of microbrews from Irish bartender Neill Laughlin.

Sassafras has a  casual but somewhat "gastropuby" menu, modest in length, with sufficient diversity to keep you interested (hummus, wings, escargot, fish & chips, steak frites, Mongolian dumplings, caesar salad...you get the idea).  Of course we were there for the famous burgers, which one of my fellow club members remembered as being the best burger she tried at the Philly Burger Bash.  And having read many positive Yelp reviews, I knew exactly what I wanted to try (see photos):

OSTRICH BURGER ($14): Medium rare, with extra applewood-smoked bacon ($2), sunny side-up egg ($1), on a brioche bun, and included sweet potato fries and lemon aioli.

Yes, OSTRICH MEAT!  Never having had ostrich in any form before, I couldn't pass this chance up.  But for the slightly less adventuresome, Sassafras also serves Bison, Lamb, Sirloin, and Veggie burgers, all of which get rave reviews.

My burger was perfectly med rare, and surprisingly flavorful, well-seasoned, with a good sear.  Thank God, ostrich meat turned out to not remotely resemble chicken (my fear going in).  My only slight criticism was that ostrich is apparently very lean (so don't order it over medium, and preferably med rare), and although not dry by any means, I wish it was a bit more juicy.  Perhaps next time I'll try one of the optional sauces, such as Bordelaise (they also have a good selection of gourmet cheeses you can top your burger with). And BTW, personally, I prefer a good brioche bun for my burger, and this was a nice one, so don't give me any flack for that.

But, as good as the burger was, the sweet potato fries almost stole the show.  Although sweet potato fries always taste great, the limp, undercooked versions that most bars serve generally disappoint me.  These, however, were decidedly crispy, not too thick, and came with a creamy lemon aioli for dipping.  Some of the best I've ever had!  Not a large serving with the burger, so next time I'll definitely order extra.

Service was friendly and efficient, although we did have to wait a bit for the burgers, but not excessively so.  Parking is easy, if you don't mind paying $16 at the open-air lot next door, and there are plenty of other lots in the area.

Oh, before I forget, another unique feature of Sassafras is the live music on Tuesday - Thursday.  Last night, music was provided by a pair of instrumental jazz guitarists, who adeptly playing away in the background, making conversation easy and most enjoyable.

Great burgers, live music, and a well poured Guinness?  But no douchebags???  Sign me up Sassafras!

Menu: http://sassafrasbar.com/img/Sassafras_Menu.pdf
This is such a cute little spot. I came in on a Sunday night for the live jazz and an ostrich burger. The spot is cozy & the decor is very quaint. I was very disappointed to find that they no longer have ostrich on the menu. I ordered a dark & stormy which was delicious--best I've had outside of Bermuda. I opted for the duck confit (the evening special) and my partner had the bison burger. Both were good but the duck was AMAZING. The pastry melted in my mouth and the flavors of the cheese & mushrooms were divine! The burger was very flavorful and the hand-cut fries were excellent. I only wish they carried regular ketchup. The homemade one they had was too sweet for me. The service was excellent. The bartender was taking care of the bar and all of the tables and did an amazing job! Our food came quickly and drinks stayed filled. I don't know how he did it. I don't remember the name of the band but I thoroughly enjoyed them. I would definitely recommend this place for a casual bite, good drinks and great music.
I still haven't found a better Moscow mule, and I've tried plenty in my search. Staff is great, love the classic bartender in white smock look. Food is great and the drinks are better. Hope they don't change the antique mirrors and tile even though they show their age.
A friend recently introduced me to this fine establishment!  And, how fine it is! I could dress up in a fancy schmancy dress, with some diamonds and Louboutins and not feel overtly out of place.  Such is the charm of this barstaurant.  

Come here for the drinks first and foremost!  One of these days, I will actually try one of those decadent looking concoctions I see posted on Facebook.  However, I have had quite a few old timey cocktails that appeal to the vintage snob inside of me.  They are always perfection!

I mean, where else in the city can you go and see a deer in a top hat while you sip whisky?  I rest my case.
After walking in, we were excited about the intimate vibe at the bar. We ordered a couple of drinks and put in an order for the port sandwich and the lobster bisque. We nursed our drinks and ordered another round.

After realizing 45 minutes had passed since we'd put in our order--for a soup and a sandwich--we began to get increasingly frustrated, glancing over the the kitchen wondering why it would take so long for our order to be delivered. The bartender noticed our discomfort and apologized for the wait, saying the kitchen had gotten overwhelmed (we were the only people who had put in an order in quite awhile).

Finally, our food was delivered. The sandwich was terrible. The bun was cold and raw; the meat was unseasoned and undressed. The fries were cold and uncooked. The soup and grilled cheese were similarly massacred. The bread had been burnt but the cheese unmelted. The bisque lacked any obvious pieces of lobster and tasted solely of salt.

We told the bartender about our issues with the food and he apologized. After we asked for the bill (maybe five minutes since we'd received our food), we were shocked to find we were charged full price for the meal. This bar knowingly takes advantage of its patrons by serving undercooked food and waiting almost an hour to serve the most basic of orders. I would recommend avoiding this bar at any cost necessary, despite the seemingly warm and inviting interior.
I only met one gaping a-hole in the 'City of Brotherly Love' -- the waiter/bartender at 'Sassafras'.  He was a brusque, stern man who did not approve of ordering a beer at the bar.  He asked us to sit and wait to be helped (weird, for a bar).  The beer selection?  About 4 beers, none of them interesting.  We drank our lackluster lager, and after waiting for what seemed like an eon to pay the bill, approached the bar to finalize our experience.  The guy muttered something unintelligible, picked up a notepad, started doing some tallies and calculations, and then walked off to the kitchen?  Bizarre, never seen anything like it.  Dropped some cash on the bar and left.  The clientele looked pretty generic, but the building itself was nice, maybe someday they'll put something cool here.

Try the Belgian pub around the corner.
Great looking old bar inside.  Cool tile and ceiling.  Bartenders were fun and chatty.  Good happy hour prices.  Not really part of the party scene.  Lots of people were coming in to eat, so I might go back to try the food.
Great bar with fantastic cocktails. I've been here twice and have always had really great drinks. Got a gin drink the last time I went which had blood orange infused gin. Absolutely delicious and had a good balance between.p sweetness and alcohol. Second drink I had was a gin Negroni. Also delicious and light. Egg white is such a good mixer. Will definitely be back when I'm in the area. The women's bathroom is also very spacious and has a nice couch to fix yourself up.
This is a beautiful bar. The last time I went, they had a fantastic violinist serenading the patrons of the establishment.

LIVE VIOLIN MUSIC WHILE YOU DRINK.
Decided to order from here on my lunch, which is an hour. It's about a 6 minute walk from my job so I figured no biggie cuts 12 minutes out of my lunch time but that's plenty of time to eat. I actually preorder my food 20 minutes before my lunch and was told it would be ready in 15 minutes. Perfect I thought! I ordered a bison burger with a few toppings and sweet potato fries which I was told were the absolute best with the sauces they provide along with it.  

Long story short I get there, there are only 3 other ppl sitting at the bar and I pay for my order! I'm thinking it's done or coming right up! Wrong wasn't even started yet. Now I am waiting at the bar like what the heck and the guy didn't say anything to me at first about it not being ready. He brings out the other ppls food and I guess he seen the look on my face and told me he was sorry but the order didn't get sent to the kitchen due to a new system they were using. He gave me back 3 bucks from a 17$ meal. I waited 25 minutes for my food! Again I called in the order 20 minutes before my lunch. So here I am rushing back to my job to scarf down the food.

I get the food and the burger is missing my pickles, my mayo and ketchup!! Really? They gave extra fries which I don't see what all the hype was about they tasted like any other sweet potato fries to me. The garlic aoli was bland for it to be garlic aoli and the spicy ketchup was blah. The burger was juicy but lacked flavor. Wasn't worth 17 bucks even minus the 3 that he gave back. Won't be going back for Lunch. It was basic to me and I'm a foodie!!
My new local favorite in Old City. 

Great drinks and very professional and fun staff: Neil, Everton, Danny, Carl and Farg are all good guys. They will always make you feel welcome even if your a first time visitor or a frequent local. 
Please come in and try their amazing burgers, they are simply delicious!

On a more serious note, please serve Heinz Ketchup!!! Thank you! 

Most nights during the week and I think Sunday night also, Sasssafras has live entertainment. Mostly Jazz. An incredible treat. 

To summarize, if you like a relaxing atmosphere, good people, great drinks and amazing burgers try Sasssafras.
Besides the very dapper deer hanging above the beautifully decorated bar, Carl and Karrie were/are the best bartender I've had.

Their service and personality are by far, one of the few most entertaining and personable ones I've encountered in Philadelphia. They made sure everyone had a chance to order and showed off their amazing skills behind the bar. 

My fiancé had the Sidecar cocktail that was favorable with a citric aftertaste. I haven't had a chance to eat there yet, but so far, I can see myself being a regular. 

The area is very well kept and clean, the bathroom for women upstairs is HUGE and never dirty! That alone says a lot about the restaurant and bar.
Sassafras is just what the doctor ordered for Old City! It's like a hidden treasure that I was so happy to discover.  I only wish I had known about this place sooner--it would have saved me so many mediocre nights at the second-rate places that engulf the area!   

Sassafras is a sophisticated, yet relaxed spot--cozy and hospitable with a nicely decorated interior and lovely service.  Their sweet potato fries are alright (be careful about repelling everyone you encounter with the garlic breath that will ensue for days after consuming) and their cheese plate is alright as well.   

Some people I've spoken to say it's got an "older crowd" vibe, but from what I sensed, it's simply a more 'mature' place to go---as in, the odds of the place breaking into some bumpin' and grinding' a la Lil Jon song are slim to none.  Thank god.  

From their website: "It's one of those places at which you can get that particularly blithe combination of the elegant and the mundane: a glass of champagne and a cheeseburger."

There is also live music here on some nights (go on TUESDAYs) which is a real nice treat that adds to the wonderful ambiance.  

I get an overall good vibe from Sassafras!!
Simply awesome. I'll tell you why.

1. Chill atmosphere : Even in the midst of douchery happenings in Olde City on a Friday night, I was able to enjoy a drink in a very relaxed atmosphere. The decor is kind of romantic, IMO.

2. Great, unusual drinnks : Their craft cocktails are amazing. I generally really like gin anyway so this drink list really struck a chord with me. I had a cocktail with bluecoat gin(yum) with domaine de canton ginger liquer (double yum) with a twist which gave me a little piece of euphoria upon consumption. 

3. Bartenders : Yes, I rate bartenders on their skills to make delicious beverages and also on their physical appearance. Shallow, I know but you'll thank me when you are in a dire need to look at really good looking people because you know exactly where they'll be. (and if they're your bartender, they are obligated to be nice to you...most of the times.) With that said, the fifth star of my perfect rating for Sassafras come from a very cute Irish bartender who served me and my friend. Ladies, go get him. Well, not really. But doesn't it feel nice to spend your hard earned money at a place where you know you'll be served a great drink by a very cute Irish bartender? Hells yea.

Plus, everything on the menu looks delicious. Escargot was really simple, nice and delicious. I am definitely returning to this place. Maybe tonight!!! (because I cannot wait)
If you want a mature, small cozy place in Old City where you can have a drink and a conversation Sassafras is your place. I am a definite regular here since I moved into the area. All of the bartenders are the sweetest guys and greet most of the clientele by name. I tend to go on Sundays to hangout and watch football. The bartender Chris always asks how my fantasy team is doing (#1) and helps me mock my boyfriend's team (10/12). 

The food is delicious and you can't go wrong with the sweet potato fries. They are in my opinion some of the best in the city.  Pretty much everything on their menu is scrumptious, but I never miss an opportunity to have the sweet potato fries. 

The woman's bathroom is more like a small studio apartment with couch included and murals line the walls. The men's bathroom I'm pretty sure is a converted broom closet. Also keep an eye on the deer above the bar, he changes outfits with the seasons/holidays.

All in all, if you want a place that is more mature and less cliche Old City, go to Sassafras.
If I had to pick a bar in center city to be my personal bar of choice Sassafras gets it hands down. The place is cozy but not cramped. The staff are all very welcoming and friendly. A hat tip to bartender Neill who is really talented and talkative. Always have great drinks and good company here for a laid back evening.
You know what I liked about this place?

It was a bit classier than most of the dive bars in this row. (Khyber pass, etc.)   Nothing wrong with dive bars, but sometimes your in the mood for something a little more subdued.  This is it, if you're in Olde City

Points off, for having the chalk board outside, (on a Saturrday evening) advertising happy hour specials that are only M thru F.   It's only a chalk board.  Fix that.  They honored the pricing, but that's misleading.

The burger the guy at the bar was eating looked nice and thick, but looked like a "prepared patty".

Didn't try the food here, but it looks like a cozy spot, with several options.
Bar tables, small tables away from the bar, and more comfy booths also.

The interior tin ceiling looks original, and it's very nicely done.

I'm going to try this place for dinner next time I'm in Philly.
I'm new to the neighborhood and to celebrate my move, my friends and I hopped about last night sampling drinks and small plates. Sassafras Bar was by far our favorite of the evening. The bartender made wonderful whiskey sours old school style, and the best Moscow mule any of us had ever had (made with Franklin Fountain ginger beer). The froth on my whiskey sour was laced with red wine - v unusual. 

We snacked on wonderful truffle frites and deviled eggs, both of which I highly recommend.

The ambiance is sexy and vintage, with very dim lighting, a classic wood and mirrored bar, original mantel, and low wooden booths with fresh lillies on the tables. I hear they have jazz some nights, but I really have no clue where the band would really fit because the place is so narrow and intimate. If I ever have a love interest I want to take out in the neighborhood for a sultry but casual late night drink, I'm bringing them to Sassafras.
Love this place.  Admirable beer selection and the food is really good.  I recommend the basil hummus and sweet potato fries for apps - all plates are large enough for 3-4 people to share.  The bartenders are friendlier than any I've seen in Old City and I have yet to have a bad time.  

Plus, ladies, you have to check out the women's bathroom just for giggles.  It's a giant converted bedroom with shag carpet and drapes and yes, a big old couch.  It took me about 30 seconds to register that it was the bathroom the first time I went in - I thought it was a lounge. 

Sassafras is a welcomed low-key surprise in the middle of a rather hyped up part of town.
What in the world took me so long to check this place out? Oh yeah, it's BURIED amongst the tool-time nonsense that is most of Olde City. If only I knew that this place was covered in idiot repellent, I would have come in years ago. 

The place looks like a European cafe. Beautiful pressed-tin ceiling, looks like original mirrors and the booths have some nice wood work as well. I walked in here on a rainy Thursday after catching a flick at one of the Ritzes and had such a great time with my friend that we ended up closing down the bar. 

There's a great rotating selection of beers on tap, and the bartenders were great at giving recommendations. The staff was great fun, I can't remember the last time I talked with someone about Leonard Cohen while taking in a rare stout at the same time. We didn't eat, but the menu looks like it's got some great choices on it as well. 

I'm giving this 4 stars because of it's location - I know that may not be fair to the venue, but I know I avoid this neighborhood when I can - especially on Friday and Saturdays in the summer. That said, I'm really looking forward to going back, this place is being added into my favorite bar rotation.
Next to Hop Sing Laundromat, to my mind, this is the best bar in the city. It's a totally different atmosphere than Hop Sing's and the drinks tend to be more along the classic cocktail line, but they are just as expertly crafted. And less expensive.

I've been coming here for 6 years. As a stop in on the way to or from a movie at the Ritz 5, as a pre-brunch watering hole stop on the way to Han Dynasty, as a place to meet friends in preparation for a day or evening of doing other things, as a 'secret special place' to show off to an out of town guest-well, you name it, I enjoy finding a time and a reason, however slim, to visit Sassafras and not just for the buzz.

The drinks are very, very well made and the seasoned, old school bartenders do not stint on any ingredients. You will not find anything pre-mixed here. In addition, they are generous and knowledgable about offering drink suggestions. I'm not much of an early in the day drinker, but the last time I was taking a friend out for a birthday lunch (early), she had her heart set on a Sazerac. I knew if I had one, it would knock me on my gluteus for the next few hours. We came in, she made a beeline for the restroom (more to come on that) and I asked what I could drink that would be alcoholic, tasty but not strong. The delightful bartender suggested a light beer (big NO THANKS) or a carefully made (read light on the booze) Moscow Mule. Yes to that-and it was perfect, as was my fussy friend's Sazerac. So good, she had 3... 

No matter how you identify, please find a reason (and maybe a companion) to visit the women's toilet while you are here. I won't go into details (it's nothing bad) and spoil the surprise. I will say that I have waltzed with lady friends in there (yes, it's that big) and will vote it the best bar loo in all of Philadelphia. 

People call this a 'speakeasy' bar but I don't get that. It's a long, narrow old place with a lot of original architectural details which I find stunning. There's no neon or hokey bar signs. There is lovely, original tile and wood work, a beautiful old non-working fireplace in the back and atmosphere aplenty. At night, it's dimly lit which makes it all the more enjoyable for some relaxed drinking and chatting. 

All the bartenders here are welcoming, funny, warm and kind. I absolutely adore all of them. One of the older gents, Danny (I think), never fails to call my group 'young ladies' and 'girls' when we are sitting in a rear booth, eating and drinking. It's never done in an insulting or homophobic way; he knows us and we know he says it out of recognition and fondness. We always tip him like mad because he makes such stellar drinks and makes visits here so damn pleasant. If I sit at the bar, I am treated with friendliness by the bartenders and patrons. This is a neighborhood kind of bar but with a more elevated feeling and no hipper than thou or strangers not welcome attitude. Even if it's 6 months between visits, I still feel like a regular and am treated like one. Since this is Old City, a good number of tourists pass through but this is still very much a Philly bar.

The food is solid though nothing you can't make at home. Their burger is one of my favorites. Since it's Philly, you can get pierogies and the selection changes daily. They offer cheesesteaks, too, but I have never tried them and won't. Food service is always quick, even on weekend evenings. 

When I drink and eat at Sassafras, I always leave feeling better and happier than when I came in, and no, that is not from the booze.
I love this bar.  I really love this bar.  It might be the Platonic ideal of a bar.  The bar is well stocked and the bartenders know how to mix drinks, they're prepared to tweak things to your requests or to provide recommendations if you want them.  They're good at their jobs and their nice about it.

While I typically go for the drinks rather than the food, the food is also excellent.  Their burgers are some of the best around, and while I haven't personally had many food items beyond that, friends have reported good things about the rest of the menu.

The space is warm, cozy and comfortable, with a classic look that's classy but simple.  While most other bars have fit themselves into the category of dives, over-the-top concept places, or obscenely priced and obnoxiously pretentious wine and cocktail spots, Sassafras holds the line on being a nice, authentic, straightforward bar.
This is a cute place to hang out and eat.  The ambiance was warm and cozy.  The food was decent, but in my opinion, a little on the bland side.  I had the carbonara, and I've definitely had a lot better around the same price range.  With that said, the food was still good and the service was good.
Awesome spot for lunch. This cozy little spot on second will keep you coming back for more. I recommend getting the bison burger with the works!!
When a bar makes you feel like you belong there, that usually means that you're going to love everything about it. Sassafras is has the warmth of an old school cocktail bar, with easy-going  vibe. They serve killer drinks and serve up food that will just make you smile. 

On a weekend escape from NYC, my wife and I decide to go to Philly. For our Saturday night I had several bars in mind that we would go to. As soon as we walked into Sassafras we were hit with great music and a cool hum of energy. We were lucky to sit at the bar and watch as bartenders Carl and Ferguese made drink after drink and manage to chat it with the locals and tourists all the same. They even put on the Mets game for my wife. What was suppose to be our first stop turned into us hanging out the whole night.

My wife enjoyed several rum and cokes and a really nice glass of chilean wine, always a plus in my book when a place has anything from Chile. I enjoyed several dark and storm-ies and a Vesper, from Bond fame. Truly, these bartenders could open a bar anywhere and knock people of their socks. They taste tested every drink... how they maintain sobriety is beyond me. My dark and storm-ies were the embodiment of Philly, packing a punch, timelessness and projecting the life of the city, with all the charm and grit in balance. While the Vesper had all the makings of Joe Frazier... you didn't know what hit you until you realized you were floating in inebriation.

In support of the line up of fantastic drinks, was an awesome bar menu. On the night we enjoyed tomato bisque soup, pretzel crusted mac n' cheese, bbq pork pierogies, deviled eggs, and fried pickles. Everything single item hit the spot. The tomato bisque was lovely, leaving a nice warm tummy on a chilly night. The pretzel crusted mac n' cheese offered a rich and hearty food option, with the sweetness of the cheese being balanced by the salty pretzel... final verdict? Food coma. The bbq pork pierogies were simply awesome. What a great idea to use an american filling in a  old world eastern european food-stuff. The devil eggs were tasty and had a modest kick. The fried pickles, however, were my favorite item! Served in fried goodness spears, they were deliciously crispy! The pickles still had their natural crunch and the type of pickle was perfect for frying. It still had that wonderful sourness!

As I mentioned above, my wife and I just ended up spending the rest of our night at Sassafras. Why you ask? Simply put... there was no reason to leave.
This place is the Holy Grail: a grown-up and frat-free bar right in the middle of Old City.

Came here with friends for a weekend dinner. It had been on my list of places to try, and one of my friends recommended it because this is her favorite dinner spot in Old City. The place is lovely--dim lighting, lots of wood surfaces, a beautiful bar. The seating is a little cramped but once we got ourselves situated in our booth, we were comfortable.

Our waiter was hilarious. A little bit, shall we say, eccentric, but friendly, jovial, and good-humored.

I spent about a third of my life living in Pittsburgh so it was a big win for me when I saw pierogies on the food menu. I'm not supposed to be eating simple carbs, but ah, hell, I couldn't resist that. And they were perfect. Potato, cheddar, and jalapeno pierogies with sour cream and crumbled bacon. The pierogies were perfectly pan-fried--mealy and yielding on the inside, toothsome and just lightly greasy on the outside. Perfect! I also had a salad with ribeye steak, which I ordered rare. It came out with a deliciously, flavorfully seasoned and seared crust, and a red, near-raw interior. (Actually, this is more like a black-and-blue or "Pittsburgh rare" steak than traditional rare.) It sort of horrified my dining partners but me, I was in heaven eating that!

I had two cocktails here. The first was an old-fashioned, and it didn't have a lot of kick to it. It even tasted a bit watered down. For my second drink, I ordered an absinthe au sucre. [It's time for me to make the "I am easily amused" speech. Caveat: I am easily amused.] I loved the fact that drinking absinthe involved a special trip to our table from the head bartender, who showed up with a big standing pitcher of ice water, a glass with absinthe in it, a sugar cube, an absinthe spoon, and a cigarette lighter. He explained the process, chatted with us at our table, and was really sweet and personable. And the final product was delicious!

Lastly: if you come here, and you are a lady, definitely check out the women's bathroom upstairs. It is loungey and adorable.
Sassafras is a bar that I've been going to for about 5 years, and am never disappointed. The staff has always been very friendly, and I can always expect a good bite and a well made cocktail no matter who is at the bar or in the kitchen. The menu leans more American than in the days that I started going, but the quality has not changed.

The music has only gotten better with time, as live jazz was only on Tuesdays before. Now there are a handful of acts rotating throughout the week, and they all sound great and add to the classic early-20th century vibe. If you like a place that has a definite style, though quiet and unspoken, Sassafras is the place to go. Not long after your first trip they'll even know what you're drinking.
Oh Sassafras. If I could clone you and bring you home...... sigh......

I think it is often a haven - away from the crazy that is old city on the weekends. My favorite time though is during the week, in the evenings, when Frank Sinatra is playing the lights are dimmed and they have just made me the most perfect drink (an old fashion for my husband and a Dark and Stormy for me). The bartender who has a wonderful Irish accent just makes it more perfect! 

I look up and see that the deer head is always festive depending on the time of year. Halloween, Christmas, Valentine's Day and yes it will be dressed appropriately. 

They have a few tables. You can eat lunch or dinner. 

But for me it's sitting at the bar the doors opened and hearing old city streets come alive. 

Sassafras.....oh how I miss you.
Sassafras is open again!  A real bar for real people in Old City, what a concept!  A large variety of beers to choose from and good whiskey too! Friendly bar tenders.
Went to Sassafras the last time I was in town and it was a great, quiet bar.  Nice ambience, good beer selection, and a chill atmosphere.
Awful. This place should not be rated this high. Just to be clear this is primarily a bar bordering on a pub style atmosphere. The night I was there patrons were drunk and very loud. The lighting and ambiance was poor. I ordered a basic beef burger and it lacked taste. The bun was microwaved and stale and they gave me a select helping of microwaved from the "night before" styled fries. The bartender was nice and serve me a martini. The martini was decent, but again over priced. I can't recommend this place. Please think about better pubs in the area like the Eulogy Belgium Pub.

Good luck in Philly.
I love this bar, even if only for the fact that my co-workers and I used to go here late night after we got out of work. The music is usually good, the food isn't bad, the beer selection is decent, and the bar is small (and usually half empty). Which probably explains why I like it so much, especially compared to every other annoying bar on 2nd St.

If you're trying to find some place to duck out and hide but still have a few drinks and be able to carry on a conversation, you can't do better in Old City than Sassafras.
My favorite cocktail bar in the city? It might just be. 

Love the speakeasy feel but not actually a speakeasy. You can normally grab a spot at the bar, you might just need to wait. Everything on the menu is awesome - highly recommend the Muel. 

Love that they write out the credit card slips.

Easy date night: Han Dynasty for dinner, sassafras after (although I do this with friends)
Great bar, lovely antiquey feel. One of the few places in Old City with some soul. They have beer, wine, cocktails and excellent food. The sweet potato fries were amazing. You will not be disappointed with the portion size either.  I know one of the owners, and he is such a nice guy. They really did a good job with this place.
Definitely worth the 5-star rating.  
The 1st time I visited Sassafras, my boyfriend and I sat at the bar and just had a few beers.  The service was excellent and the staff was very friendly.
Last night we stopped in for the 2nd time, this time for dinner.  Their veggie burger? Ahhhmazing :-D  Flavorful, great texture, and they even got it to crisp a bit on the outside.  How did they do it?  I don't know, but it was awesome.  Boyfriend had a bison burger and was also very satisfied.  The sweet potato fries were hand-cut perfection, and the beer selection was nice.  And, like the first time, the service was excellent.

First-timer? If you use LevelUp, you get a discount (I think it was $5, but I'm not sure).  Can't beat it!
I used to be vegetarian... Until I discovered their ostrich burger. Its amazing!
Stopped in twice during my quick weekend trip to Philly. I like the relaxed old-school vibe of Sassfras. On night one, the sign outside featuring lavender champagne lured us in. We were definitely not disappointed. They were some kind of delicious! So much so we came back with friends the next day after brunch. The service was OK on Friday night, but wonderful on Saturday afternoon. Worth a try if you're in the area!
Great little bar w/ food. Loved the intimate nighttime vibe of low-lighting and candles at the tables. Very chill and relaxing vibe, and good selection of tunes in the background.

A small but tasty and unique menu. Same goes for the draft beer list - small but a nice unique selection. The staff was fantastic. I would be here all the time if I lived here.
Wondering thru the local streets of Philly and my buddies brought me here to try an absinthe cocktail. In a word awesome. Thanks guys!!!
Stopped by this bar on a day trip to Philly and although other bars were grossly packed with drunk bar crawl participants, this bar offered a more quiet and intimate experience. I ordered whiskey and ginger and it was on the stronger side, but that's exactly why I came to happy hour in the first place. I also ordered some truffle fries which were crispy (and we know I love crispy fries) and had the right amount of Parmesan. The bartender was pretty attentive to us and the other patrons which is always a huge plus.
Pretty classy bar with a very limited selection of alcohol.  As many other posters noted, it is a quiet refuge from the hustle and bustle of Old City...but that also means if you're under 40 you're probably a lot younger than the majority of the crowd.  

The food is better than most bars but not gastropub level.  You can get an Allagash white or an Arrogant Bastard in bottle, amongst others, or a few beers on tap.  The bartenders are pretty cool.  

Check it out if you don't want the scene of Lucy's or the other bars on Market.
I randomly found this place on yelp because my mom wanted a burger and sweet potato fries and she was not disappointed. When we got there Everton was by himself tending to the bar and taking the food orders so he did a really good job juggling bartender and server at the same time. He was really nice and sounded like he new everything about every single liquor ever made. The sirloin burger was huge so I was able to eat 1/2 of it and it was amazing! It was one of the best burgers I've had in a long time. The patty was seasoned really well, so well that I actually forgot to put ketchup on it because it was so good. I actually ordered the Gruyere and ham perogies which were good but they could've definitely used some more filling in them. The lobster bisque and grilled cheese were delicious too. The burger was my favorite, then the Lobster bisque/grilled cheese combo and third the Gruyere & ham perogies. If I come here again I'll order the Sirloin burger or I might even try the Ostrich, Bison or Lamb burger. The only reason I gave them 4 instead of 5 stars is because the food took 35 plus minutes to come out. The womens bathroom upstairs is also one of the cleanest, coolest and spacious bathrooms I've ever been to.
Found this place while heading somewhere else. The food was great and bar has a good selection. Will definitely go back.
I have walked past Sassafras so many times Ans finally made my way inside! This place is truly a hidden gem, that embodies old cities true charm. The bar tenders are amazing; so friendly and welcoming. The drinks were delicious. We sat at the bar and will for sure be back!
Welcome to surly, rude, slow service with an extra helping of food poisioning!!!! The only reason this place gets one star is because yelp would not let me rate them lower! We came here to celebrate the retirement of a colleague. The waitress was horrendous, forgetting a drink, not placing an order with the cook, and apparently not telling the cook to expose my burger to this thing called "fire." The environment is very dark and when I bit into my burger I could taste something was wrong- come to find out from the light of my cell phone, it was raw! Not wanting to cause a scene, I didn't say anything. My colleagues asked why I was only eating the bun and fries. I told them because the meat was raw. When a colleague mentioned to the waitress my food was raw, the waitress asked with attitude  if I wanted it cooked. I thought I was clear with that request when I asked to have it medium well in the first place. I refused to have it go back to the kitchen- I know what can happen when you complain about food and these jokers surely would have done something to further destroy my food. I was assured my food would be discounted. Well, I still ended up paying full price because they claimed there was an "upcharge" on my sweet potato fries and that was my discount. Never did I see an upcharge mentioned on the menu. Let me be clear,  I was not looking for a free meal. But, when I ask for a burger to be cooked, it shouldn't be rocket science. I feel rather ill from having consumed the raw meat. So beware of these lying thieves!!!!
We live in the neighborhood, so we tend to avoid the neighborhood bars because so many of them are so obnoxious. This place is for grown-ups. Excellent cocktails and burgers served up by very classy gentlemen. I wish we had more places like this in Old City.
Top class cocktails, served by friendly welcoming people. Good snacks from a limited menu. A bit small inside and they really could invest in some more comfortable chairs. But it's very quaint and fun and I really like this little bar. Our tradition has been to make this one of our stops either before or after the "main" stop for the night.
I stopped here for a late meal and the place was packed. I was lucky to get a seat at the bar. The bartender seemed to be the only one working, handling both the bar and the tables. This made service extremely slow, but the bartender was a whiz behind the bar. A true mixologist, making multiple drinks at once fast. Even tasting along the way to make sure he's getting them right. I could see he was doing the best he could. It's management's fault the place wasn't properly staffed to handle the crowd. 
I kept it simple, ordering a Jack & Coke. It was perfect. For food they have both sirloin and bison burgers. I chose a sirloin cheeseburger with fries. It was smaller than expected, without the proper burger to bun ratio. There was too much bun. It was a properly cooked medium, but only a bit juicy. The fries were were well seasoned and tasty. 
There are other bars close by with better food. I'd go back to Sassafras for drinks only.
Through the door sits an ecclectic almost historic bar, celing, walls and floor that makes you feel like you just stepped back to pre-proabition times.  The owner sits at the head of the bar reading the paper and smoking, not mush lately, like an all seeing eye that keeps tabs on the flow of business.  The burger is still hands down my favorite in the city and I've had Rouge and Barclay Prime's.  Good beer selection and a place to hang in old city without the crowd.  What sucks is I always want a friggin burger there for lunch and they're never open.
Great spot for a killer burger and a nice brew on a cold night with your favorite magazine (at least, that's what I did). The bar was filled with some locals in the 40/50/60 age range, all relaxed and classy people who clearly make some good money (but don't flaunt it). The bartender, Danny, was super friendly (but not pushy), and guided me (correctly) to enjoying the house ketchup. This place knows its vibe, and that vibe is 1920s Atlantic City. Live jazz was starting as I left. Can't wait to return. Wish they had a gluten-free bun so I could bring my girlfriend.
My wife and I have come here all the time and usually have a great time. Typically solid food and good drinks in a location with good ambiance. Tonight was a train wreck. We were hosting a friend from overseas and had raved about Sassafras. Drinks were watered down, service was poor, and the food took almost an hour and a half to come out - even after we asked about status multiple times. When the food did come out, everything was burned and looked cold. Like it had been sitting under a heat lamp for an hour. Not edible
And charred. When we asked the bartender why it had taken so long and questioned the charred state of the food, he muttered something under his breath and apologized with snark. We are reasonable people and go here all the time, and we're absolutely shocked at the lack of any effort to take accountability or make it right. I bartended for years and understand that front of house or the kitchen can have bad nights - but nothing like this. It will now be a long time before we think of returning, if ever.
Sassafras is our new favorite spot in old city. I had popped in once before to have drinks with co-workers and had a good time. 

My husband and I headed here for dinner and drinks after a bad experience elsewhere. We walked in to such a welcome environment. The live music is so great. We sat at a table and a nice guy brought us some menus. One bar tender was working the whole place (a full bar and almost all tables were full). He did it with such a great attitude. 

The food and drinks were amazing. I love the lavender champagne. I had the birch beer pulled pork sandwich and my husband had the country fried chicken sandwich- both delicious. 

Can't wait to go back again!
This place delivered what our trio we needed for the night. A cozy dimly lit restaurant with a variety of craft cocktails, tasty bites including Pierogis(which you don't often see as appetizers) live music, and a few TVs to keep an eye on Sunday Night Sports. 

What we ordered:
1) Pierogi of the day - "taco" style (This was crispy and tasty. But I wasn't quite taco-y enough to be called taco style) 3-stars 
2) Truffle Fries - crisp outside, tossed with Parmesan DELICIOUS 5- stars
3) Homemade Ketchup - 5-stars  little smoky and sweet 
4) Cocktails - 5 Stars (menu is diverse and grouped by choice of spirit you'll find something you'll enjoy) personal fave was the Barbados Redux 

Service was good, loved how the bartender does table side pours of your drink and felt welcomed. I'd return next time in the Philly Area. Great spot for couples or small group of 4 IMO

4.5 stars!
This is a perfect date spot. The atmosphere is very old-town music bar with high tin ceilings, wooden, furniture, romantic lighting and a love trio playing music up front. 

Their drinks are spectacular. Well made, quality liquors and use of mixers, and a bartender who knows how to mix them. I had the Margarita which was delicious. 

I ordered wings to start and they were incredibly good. The chicken was perfectly crispy and tender in all the right places. The BBQ sauce had a mild kick to it, adding some pizzaz to each bite. 

For an entree I split the steak and frites. I am not usually a fan of heavy sauces but the steak sauce, cooked in mushrooms, was delicious. The french fries felt home-made (i.e. hand cut) and also had a good ratio of crunch and soft. All their respective staff seem top notch (bartenders, chefs, musicians, interior designer). 

Sassafras is a charming, romantic and old school establishment in the heart of the Old City and a must see for anyone who enjoys a little soul in their evening.
The best bar in Old City in my opinion.  I love the decor and the burgers are excellent.  The TVs are discreet.  But just as most bar the bartenders feel like poor service adds to the appeal of the place.  I disagree, I don't want to have to work to buy something from you.  Hmm maybe I should have them work to get the money from me.

Unfortunately our fries only came with a little ketchup and as I was helping myself to additional ketchup in the glass bottle at the bar it's top blew off and shot an enormous amount of ketchup everywhere.  At that moment the bartender's attitude toward us changed.  We were offered a free round and a clean wet bar rag.  No real damage was incurred, so a $23 bill instead of a $47 certainly made up for a bad Heinz.
So much vintage Parisian-style charm here. The staff is incredibly gracious. The bartenders pay attention to all the details when it comes to their expertly-made drinks. I enjoyed the absinthe cocktail, which comes complete with a water drip and a sugar cube, but truly I've never had a bad drink here. 

Also, I didn't expect it because it seems more like a bar than a restaurant...but the food is wonderful! Their fried chicken sandwich completely blew me away -- I'd definitely recommend this. Their truffle fries are great. I didn't get a chance to taste this, but my friend had the sirloin burger and raved about it.
Top 5 best fries I've EVER HAD. And that's saying a lot. I came here for happy hour so I can't comment on much. The bartender was friendly and efficient, drinks were made well, all the food I saw looked delish and their menu is very creative. Again, get the truffle fries. They are out of this world.
2 words: chocolate martinis!!!! 

Good n oldie sassafras in old city lol always nostalgic when visiting here since they've been around since the beginning of time for me lol so glad they're making through covid and still providing good cocktails to the neighborhood. As inflation hits everywhere, it's nice to still find a spot that's not evolving to $20 for a solid cocktail. I believe I throughly enjoyed the boulevardie.. some other dranks were pretty alright. The chocolate martini though just hits the spot every time! Probably bc the "chocolate" just lifts anybody's mood! 
Fries with garlic aioli were yummy too! Skip the cheese curds tho... 

Will return!
Currently here. They're extremely busy but we managed to get a table. The wait staff have been excellent so far. We didn't know where to sit so we flagged down a server (Hallie) and asked and she said any space was fine. We sat down outside and another server came over to get our drink order not even 2 minutes later (Andrew?). I knew I was going to write a good review when the manager, older bald guy (no shame, baby!), came over and asked how things were going. On a busy Friday night!? We're from out of town and this is our first night in Philly so it was cool to be treated so nicely when they were so busy and it was just the two of us. I'm glad we stopped here :)
Fun bar to go to on a night out! The cocktails were well crafted by the bartender and delicious. She was able to help us pick exactly what we wanted. The atmosphere was very cool.
Interesting place.  Apparently has been in this location since 1963, however, I had never noticed it before.  Overall the place was pretty bland.  Drinks were kind of pricey (I complain about that in every single of my reviews.  It cracks me up.)  Very chill atmosphere, and I would say it is more appropriate for the 30 something crowd than the teeny boppers who frequent old city.

I don't wish death on the place or nothin, but either way, I would probably not be back.
I'm so glad my friend recommended this place for a pre dinner drink! It was cozy, quaint and tucked into a cute neighborhood. We stopped in here on a Friday around 5pm and grabbed a table alongside the wall. We were greeted quickly and offered a list of cocktails. They do also serve wine and beer, but when in a cocktail establishment, it's just worth trying out the well crafted cocktails. Most cocktail lounges only offer small bites, but I did notice that they had a full service food menu. We did not partake as we had dinner reservations around the corner. Friend went with the Sassafras Sunrise and I had the Summer Bourbon Manhattan. Both were incredibly tasty and I was more than content with my choice. Friend mentioned I had to check out the woman's restroom upstairs. She was right. It made me smile as it is quite fun. The ambiance is energetic, but quiet and cozy. Love the murals, the staff and the cocktails. When I'm back in Philly, I'll be sure to come back!
Loooved this bar. It's around the corner from Silence Dogood's so when we got the hint to leave there if we weren't immediately buying more drinks, we hopped over to Sassafras instead. It has a great old-timey saloon type of charm to it and the staff is extremely friendly! They strike a good balance between checking up on you often to make sure you got drinks when you wanted them, and leaving you alone enough that you could carry on a decent conversation in the meantime. 

The cocktails themselves were all really enjoyable. We ordered several rounds and my favourite of them was the Moscow Mule with its interesting twist of vanilla vodka. Ladies, check out the bathroom upstairs too! It's probably the largest bar bathroom I've ever seen and even has a couch inside, of all things. Totally over the top but so fun!
That Irish bartender makes one hell of a drink. I came here with some friends for a birthday as we were looking for a speakeasy-esque bar but didn't want to venture to Rittenhouse. The ambiance was perfect- the music was jazzy, the lighting was low, the bartenders were dressed in shirts and ties and there was plenty of seating at the bar. After a first round of beer we switched over to a concoction of gin, cucumber and basil that the bartender called a "saint rick". Now I'm not normally a gin drinker but hooooly craaaaap these things were good. Definitely recommend this place, especially if you aren't into the dress codes and wait lists that some other bars have.
Nice local spot, just a little more than a hole in the wall.  The live jazz drew me in.  Live music is always good.

The menu is kind of all other the place.  Is it pub menu (burgers), is it middle eastern (hummus and grape leaves) is it...?  I had the Veggie burger and sweet potato fries and a beer.  The veggie burger worked for me - it was made with red beans.  You can't miss up sweet potato fries and they didn't.  All was okay, but nothing to shout about.  

Back to the jazz set.
My friend and I came here around 9:30 on a Friday night for a late dinner and drinks. The space is pretty dark but nicely decorated, giving it a speakeasy vibe. 

I got the French 95 (Buffalo Trace bourbon, lemon, simple syrup, champagne, angostura bitters, lemon twist) and my friend got the French 75 (New Amsterdam gin, simple syrup, champagne, orange bitters, lemon twist). Both drinks were so refreshing and delicious! 

I wasn't super hungry, so I just got the Baked Brie appetizer (triple creme Brie in phyllo dough served with house made prosecco strawberry jam). It was incredibly good, but pretty small. My friend got the Tavern Grilled Cheese Sandwich (boursin, gouda, sharp white cheddar, and tomato) which was also delicious. 

The only reason I'm docking a star is because service was really slow; it looked like only one staff member was attending to all of the tables. However, I do plan to come back and try some of the other cocktails!
Really Really loved it here! I went out here for a first date over the weekend after a friend recommended it. Super cool old timey, speak easy vibe, with some really awesome cocktails. They have it all!

I had one of their special drinks the Saint or Sinner Sazerac and it was really good! I'm normally not a sazerac guy, but if you're ever going to try one you should do it here! 

I also had a whiskey sour before I realized my date had blown me off and was skeptical because they follow the original recipe with egg whites, but I was very happy with it!

Best place I've ever been stood up at and really awesome cocktails, will definitely go back!
