This is going to be a long review but very detailed. First I would like to say that the owner Saudia was a very sweet lady, really cool and loves to talk to her customers and interact which is nice. That may be a reason why she is so successful on social media as well. However, the experience was horrible and the food was not that good either. The average price of meals are 15.50 and it comes with a meat and two sides. Sides ordered individually are $3.00 each and the seafood salad is $6. She also has drinks. But we waited for close to two hours for all our food to be ready. That's not including the time you had to wait just to order and it was pouring raining outside. It's a small business so if you don't fit inside, you just have to wait in line outside. A lot of people got wet(a tent may have helped this problem).

It is not a guarantee that the food you see on yelp or Instagram will be available because the menu changes daily or they run out of food. Some of us ordered the same food and it looked completely different. I believe that is because the meals come with so much food it was probably cooked at different times. They restocked the front food pans at least 3 times during our wait. They didn't have the seafood salad although if was on the board. 

I ordered Mac and cheese(very bland but cheesy, I didn't like it) jerk chicken that comes with rice(just basic yellow cooked rice), but it was just a lot of juice at the bottom of the tray, nothing like the pictures I saw. Also green beans which were okay as well( I could at least eat those, they were a different taste from southern food). I also ordered the rice(white rice) with gravy( which is very spicy and it didn't have meant like the pictures, I'm guessing that was the last of the pot). I love spicy food so I was okay with the taste. 

I also purchased a slice of strawberry cake(which are Huge slices) but I didn't even try it because the food was so mediocre after waiting so long. 

Maybe this business model is working but it could definitely improve. Many people grew tired of the wait but they had already paid for the food so they didn't complain. However, my friends and a few people we talk to said they would never come back because it's not worth the wait. 

To wait so long and in the rain for bland basic food was a disappointment. I don't think the workers are rude, but they work very hard. Not one time did I see any of them taking a break. 

Like myself, I think most of us are excited and just want to try it out. I feel that serving smaller portions and charging less money would help the business run smoother and people won't have to wait as long. Serving those big batches of food so fast didn't make it taste very good. For example, my friends' yams weren't even cooked fully through. 

I hope that it gets better and that if Saudia sees this review, she could make some minor changes. I traveled over 4 hrs just to try it and I was very disappointed. She has a great staff considering how busy they are to serve the food. The young man taking the orders was the friendliest person on the front line. The other 3 people didn't even speak.    My 2 stars are mainly because of how nice she is and how hard her staff works. But the wait was ridiculous and the food was not that good at all.
First, let me start by saying I like Saudia and all that she has done for the community. Now let's move on to this review.

Timeliness: Store posted time was 12:00 noon. But they didn't open until a few minutes after that. We were 3rd in line. We place our order at 12:09. We ordered 3 platters (fish and 2 turkey leg platters). We did not receive our food until 12:44pm. 

Cleanliness: As soon as you walk in there is a strong unpleasant odor. The further you walk in the less you smell it. I think it had something to do with the ac that was located next to the front door. Regardless, it's stinks and is off putting. Next, I noticed an abundance of flies. It was really gross. 

Service: the service was ok. Not great. But not horrible. That's all I can say.

Food: Ummmmm, well the fish was good. But that's it. The Mac tasted like garlic, sugar, and cheese. The cabbage was extremely soggy. I prefer my cabbage with a little crisp to it. Taste wise it was ok. But because of the texture I can't say it was good. I also ordered the seafood salad. It was kinda bland. It needs a major kick of heat or spice. The turkey wings were giant. They were ok. Not much else o can say. 

Would I recommend this place. No. Go at your own risk. But thank you Saudia for everything else that you are doing for the kids.
This isn't a review as I have yet tried out this place but more of a suggestion that I hope gets taken into consideration. 

Please be consistent with your working days and hours opened for business. 

For a few months now I've been commenting and asking via IG their hours for this Labor Day weekend of 2017 and "Yes, we'll be open" was all I got. So I planned to visit Philly this weekend just for this place. Yesterday their IG page states that they'll be closed for this weekend. 

Can't you blame me for being upset? Now I know she does great things for her community and so on but where's the business protocol? Pretty frustrated because they hotel will not provide a refund.

Maybe this is a petty post (or whatever) but being that this is a legitimate business, please work on establishing the correct foundations in your business. I see their IG too often changing their days opened and working hours like it's nothing. I understood if this business worked from home but they don't. 

Don't think I'll end up trying this place honestly.
*Ive been following Saud for a while & wanted to support! This was my first time at Country Cooking after hearing lots of reviews; some raving about this place and some not. This was my boyfriends second time here and he personally had a better experience last time (despite a long time wait).

Location: Very small. Instagram makes this place look way bigger. It seemed to be clean tho from what I could see. 

Wait time: It wasn't really crowded when we got there, we waited about 40 mins. Which isn't bad to me. I don't mind waiting for food and I do believe it was due to them freshly preparing the boneless chicken and shrimp. 

Customer Service: The son was at the register today and was very professional. He even went out his way to give my boyfriends platter fresh Mac & cheese (the one that was there had already been sitting a while). 

Food: I ordered; Fried shrimp with Candied Yams & String Beans. My boyfriend ordered; Boneless Honey BBQ chicken, Mac & Cheese and Candied Yams. We got two pieces of strawberry cake (Bert's Cake). The boneless honey bbq chicken and candied yams were so good! It went downhill from there.... the Mac & cheese was extremely salty and neither one of us could enjoy it because we were overwhelmed with seasoning. The string beans were eh, not terrible but I was done after a few bites. The shrimp were terrible I forced my way through two of them then was done, not sure how you can ruin fried shrimp. The seasoning for the shrimp was non existent. The Mac & cheese, shrimp and string beans all ended up going in the trash. 

Pricing: So for two platters and two pieces of cake our total was 51.00. (that includes a $2 card fee)... If you're going to have a business I don't think you should charge a card fee. Either make it cash only or understand that as a business owner having a card terminal is the price of doing business. The platters are extremely overpriced for mediocre food, the cake was was $4 each and I do believe that was a good price for the size and it was really good cake!!

I wanted to really love this place but they need to do better, much better!My first and last visit to Saud's.
Came here on a recommendation from a friend who follows Saudia on IG.  Because of Covid, the restaurant was take out only. There was security at the door limiting and monitoring the amount of people inside. I knew it must have been a good spot because there were at least a dozen people outside waiting to either place an order or pick up an order. That's usually a good sign! I ordered the uzi shrimp with yams and cabbage. I was a little disappointed because they had sold out of macaroni and cheese. I'm a sucker for southern macaroni and cheese. My friend ordered the bbq chicken bits but was really sad because they were already out of the smoked turkey wings. As disappointed as I was, that has to be a good sign that they were selling out of things and it was only 7:30P.  My uzi shrimp were colossal size. YAY! The uzi sauce (sweet thai chili to the 5th power spicy level) was  just the right kick. The yams good. Slightly sweeter than I like but not unbearable. The sweet balanced out the spice of my shrimp. The cabbage was very overcooked and salty. Reminds me of old southern country cooking. It was a miss for me. I didn't love it that way as a kid and I don't love it that way now. My friend felt the salt was heavy in her plate as well. Country cooking is salty cooking. So I get it. Its a once in a blue moon treat. I cant knock Saudia for that. She is cooking the style correctly, my body simply cant' handle it all the time. I look forward to checking her out again after the holidays. I really want to try these smoked turkey wings and mac! 

Always on my support Black-owned/Minority-owned/Women-owned/Small businesses!
Don't let the location of this place throw you off. Also, there is only street parking and this is more of an order and go kind of place. 

Now, one word..... many many thoughts -- DELICIOUS! After constantly seeing the owner's social media page, " Countrycookin" I finally decided to take a visit to this place and I'm so glad I did! Upon entering, I already knew how the decor would be via Instagram, etc (stalker extreme!) We were greeted by two really nice ladies and after leaving, I was so mad I didn't get their names because they were just so nice and welcoming. One of the girls took our order while the other one was working the cash register. When we told them we came all the way from Jersey they were so excited and asked us how we knew about the place, etc. 

For one, this place gives amazing portions for just $15.50 you can have two nights of dinner if you come here. I ordered the salmon which comes with a choice of any two sides. I decided to go with mac and potato salad which was so good. The mac and cheese was def very cheesy and filled with flavor, the salmon was literally cooked to perfection. Not too tender but def not too rough. My younger cousin ordered a strawberry cake and a whole "bucket" of mac and cheese and ate that before we could even get home. 

I would def recommend this place if you're looking for quality soul food and a staff that is warm, welcoming and provides great customer service. Saudia (the owner) does a wonderful job with advertising all her delicious foods on her Instagram. I was more than pleased with my visit here and the only thing that could've made it better would've been to meet her and just thank her!
 
Delicious food and as Saudia would say, " GET DOWN HERE AND SPEND THIS SCHMONEYYYY WITH SAUD"
Came to see what the hype was all about. Location was easy to find thanks to gps. Parking can be a pain if you get here later in day. We arrived about a half hour after opening & found street parking. It wasn't a line so out order was taken right away. There is menu written in chalk once you walk in. Unfortunately everything on that menu isn't available. So they either need a new menu or cross off whats not ready. I don't want to hear "we just opened " so everything isn't ready. Thats no excuse once the door opens I expect everything to be ready but again that wasn't surprising. 

Ordered fried fish, yams, mac & cheese, asian breast bites, rice w gravy & country punch. All was Good!! Yams were the perfectly sweet. Mac & cheese & fish perfectly seasoned.  Breast bites big chunks w a little spicy kick I loved it. Rice & gravy was just ok though. A bit spicy but again just ok in flavor. 

This place woulda got 5stars if I wasn't told "we don't have that right now" & I was able to order the seafood salad, & anything off the special menu.
I first had Saudia's food a few years ago when she was over near Ridge and Allegheny. I've since moved away from Philly, but I remember the food being good, so I decided recently to give it a shot.

Story time:

About 15 min after taking my order, the young lady informed about 10 of us waiting that the oven "went out" and it would be "a while" if we were waiting on Mac & Cheese. I asked how long a while was, and she said about 45 min to an hour, which is unacceptable. If you didn't know, Mac & Cheese is quite the staple in black kitchens, so there was collective disappointment among the hungry mofos who had already waited even longer than me.

I politely told her to cancel my order and went to my car while mentally reviewing other restaurants I like in North Philly. But then I realized I came all this way and I shouldn't leave empty handed. At least I'll go back and get a super sugary drink.

I went back in to order the lemonade/punch combo, and while waiting patiently I overheard the counter girl inform another patron that they ran out of ice and couldn't serve the drinks without ice. 

Wha..what? I've heard of businesses running out of items, but sheesh! I love to patronize a black business but the above events have seriously made me question if I need to even try this place again.
Saudia Shuler's Country Cookin' is a small, hideaway eatery in the Allegheny West/East Falls neighborhood. Saudia's reputation is spread by word of mouth and is a frequent destination of working people who want that home style taste but don't have the time or know how to prepare it. The food is great and there's lots of it, featuring one of the city's best Baked Macaroni & Cheese dish. She has a small dining room if you prefer to dine in, but most of her customers are seen leaving her spot with hefty bags of southern style grub.Saudia has the usual southern fare, Fried Chicken and Fish, Baked Salmon, Collard Greens, Yams, Potato Salad, Sting Beans Etc, but her specialty is Cuban Stewed Chicken and/or Turkey Wings. The Chicken is tenderly stewed, with Spicy Herbs and peppers served over a bed of Rice. I love it. She also has daily specials and her desserts are very satisfying. They stay open til 11:30 Fridays and Saturdays and she delivers too.
I am visiting a friend in Philly This week so we decided to check this place out. I heard a lot of things but wanted to see. When I say this place is a joke. I mean it. They dont even have a menu. Its just whatever chicken scratch they put  on the board that day. Then every time you ask for something they are out of it. Of course we got the "We just opened" excuse as if that makes any sense. You're supposed to have your shit together before opening but whatever. The customer service sucks. They are ratchet as all hell in there. I cant deal with their lack of professionalism. To top it all off the food was mediocre at best. like its been covered in salt. What are they doing over there? This aint "country cookin". They need to leave real country cooking to the southern folks. This place is a disaster. Avoid unless u like salty foods and salty attitudes.
I've been following on IG for a while but today was the first time we stopped in for food. I love what the sister is doing in the community and since moving out of the city we don't get up that way often so today we decided to give it a try. I ordered the fish platter with Mac and yams. The husband ordered the wings with Mac and rice and gravy. 

I'm just going to call it the way I tasted it... lack luster. I'm sincerely hoping it's because Saud didn't cook this today but I could be wrong. You can taste the black pepper in the Mac and cheese. There was virtually no cheese, no creamy texture at all. You could practically count the noodles as they were separate from the cheese. 

The yams were ok. The fish wasn't seasoned and was greasy. The chicken was good though. I'm not upset as I still support her community efforts. I'll just have to cheer from the sidelines.
I have a weakness for soul food and I have been seeing the owners Instagram for a while and I would say I need to come to this place whenever I decide to go to Philly. Being a New Yorker I am not familiar with the area but I went with friends and I begged them to let us pass by. So, even though I saw frequent plates on Instagram I decided to check Yelp for an idea of their menu (I found it but it was like 5 years old and the prices were different as expected). We were 10 minutes away and I was like y'all it's Saturday let's call ahead to put our order in and hopefully we won't wait long. 

So we called and put our orders in. 
I ordered the turkey wing platter with Mac and cheese and candied yams as my sides. 
Friend 1 ordered the fried fish dinner with Mac and cheese and candies yams. 
Friend 2 ordered the jerk chicken platter, cabbage, and candied yams as sides. 
I also had to order a side of the seafood salad aka BLUE MAGIC lol becauseeeeee of the controversy on social media  from the amount of seasonings and style of preparation for the salad. 

We got there and added fruit punch and lemonade to our orders (we didn't realize how supersized it would be looool the three of us would've honestly just got one and shared). We had to wait about three minutes for the last plate, which was no issue. 
When the plates came out we were SHOOKED! I didn't expect it to be so big and heavy we were like yaaaaaaas. Also, this is a tight neighborhood so you may have to park a bit far and walk to the restaurant. 

So now we get back to the hotel ( I couldn't wait to eat and I started eating my seafood salad in the car I thought it was good).  Now I opened my turkey wings dinner but didn't realize it came with rice I guess I missed that part, wish I didn't get it because I disliked that type of rice. I bite into the turkey wing, it was tender, falling off the bone in perfection, however the taste just wasn't there but sis was hungry so I had to force it. It's like the idea of it having the turkey taste was just not present it was practically cooked out. My friends agreed as well. The Mac and cheese, had a few burnt spots I was turned off by it hoping the taste would make it better. NOT. That Mac and cheese was just not it and Friend 1 also agreed. It was bland and lacking flavor from the cheeses and we were disappointed. So I tasted the candied yams AND GIRL!!!!!! Them yams waaaaaaas POPPING! Had I known I woulda got two sides of that. It was not overly sweet it was just perfect in flavor, texture, and taste! 

I tasted both friends meals and that jerk chicken was hitting !!!! It was spicy and delicious I was highly upset I didn't get that instead. I'm not a fan of cabbage personally so I didn't bother tasting because I won't eat such sides anywhere. Now the. Fried fish!!!!!!! THE FRIED FISH!!!! was the ultimate winner! Oh my gosh. 

So just imagine you knowing about a spot and your friends who never even heard of it and their food tasting better than yours!!!! I was sick. But I just honestly wanted to support but the jerk chicken, fried fish, and candied yams saved the day.
If I could give it zero stars I would. First of all the staff is ghetto, the lines are long and the place is unorganized. I ordered my food after choosing 4 different things because they didn't have half of what was advertised. There were people there who'd been waiting over an hour even though they called the orders in earlier. Then after almost 20 minutes of waiting in a corner of the store, the girl tells me my sides were sold out and they were gonna refund my money because they won't sell a meal without sides EVEN THOUGH THEYRE THE REASON THERES NO SIDES. So I walked out of the restaurant with nothing because I didn't want cabbage (which was all that was left), they didn't even try to accommodate me since I had already waited. The customer service is horrible. This place is a waste of time.
No seasoning.. smh this isn't really soul food. And I stood in that hot behind store for about an hour waiting on my meal and I had to pray that there wasn't any rodents in my food due to all of the flies in there. I wouldn't recommend this place. The owner is nice though.
As a foodpreneur myself and founder of The Black Food and Dessert Expo I always try to support our local black owned food businesses. After all the media hype I was finally in the mood to visit and endure the people and wait.
So it was raining I thought that would help, it did but the wait was still long. I waited almost 40 minutes for two platters. The girl that took my order was OK but had her headphones in and ignored me when I asked for an update on my food. She then proceeded to talk to her Co worker about customers she didn't like. Patrons came in and out like they was giving something away but a tip one lady gave me was to order by phone and pick up in an hour. It's small, be prepared for tight spaces and no personal space while you wait. Oh the sights

So about my food. I ordered Cuban turkey wings and Asian breast bites platters . Sides --Mac n cheese, yams and cabbage as sides.
Yams --- diabetes in a bowl Loved it if you like it sweet you will too.
Asian Breast Bites - fried pieces of deliciousness  tossed in  Thai chili sauce loved them first time having this they come in  BBQ AND buffalo too.
Cabbage - basic but good 
Turkey wings over rice. Good flavor but I would cook them for another hour I like em falling off the bone.
Mac n cheese - good taste but too dry for me I need it most Cheesy oooey gooey goodness. 

I also brought lemon cake which we will try shortly overall. I do like the food. Customer service should be improved and communication with customer about wait time.
Please go and form your own opinions about Country Cooking. I almost didn't go based on Yelp reviews, but I'm SO glad I did. The food was really good and we did not wait long at all. We were literally able to walk up and place our order after about a 5 minute wait. We went on a Saturday around  2:30pm. I ordered the Uzi Shrimp - spicy, but delicious,  Mac & cheese- delicious, and the green beans which I enjoyed the most. I also tried her famous seafood salad and I had no complaints there either. The platters were grab and go, so I was nervous that they would not be that hot because the were stacked on a table in the waiting area. The food, however, was hot and even the fried fish was hot and crispy. I did sample my mom's yams and although they were a little on the sweet side they were still delicious. Over all I'd come back again. Totally worth the drive into Philly!
I honestly don't get one bit of the hype with this place. There is a ton of places in Philly just like this but wayyyyyyyy better and live up to the hype. I know chick is trying to be the best but this place needs to step up your game. Place is definitely not clean like it should be and the vibe is really off and strange. I can't put my finger on it but something is just shady. Food is dry and staff are not professional. I could walk up the street to my neighbors house and get better food and service! Everyone I know that went here had negative comments as well.
Went there today to see what the hype was about, I opened my platter as soon as I got in the car. Platter was full I'll give them that but I wasn't impressed at all! Fish was ok, MAC N Cheese had sugar in it or something it was very sweet, cabbage wasn't cut up completely and it taste like it had been sitting in garlic cloves, and the yams were boring. The girl who took my order was polite staff in the back was a joke and very loud, unprofessional and annoying to say the least. I won't play with Saud.
I hade heard of Country Cooking a few months ago from a family member. I visited the website and was quite confused! The pictures, the font, the menu all seemed reflective of Crackle Barrel and NOT your typical Soul Food establishment. Based on the site, I chose not to go st that time.

Fast forward, I came across a picture on IG hashtagged #CountryCooking. The food looked so good, I had to try it out. I visited the website again-- same terrible format n generic pics from before, but I did not let it stop me this time.
 

I went on a Friday around 12:30 and it was already kind of crowded. The restaurant is small, but clean and well kept. The young lady at the counter was pleasant and professional and took my order in a timely manner. I ordered the fried whiting platter, mac, cabbage & green beans with a slice of strawberry cake. 

The wait was quite extensive. I was there for about 45 minutes standing and waiting for my order. But once I received it, I was not disappointed. The fried fish was fried crispy and golden. It was seasoned properly as well. The cabbage was great n the MAC was cheesy. Had a slight sweet taste to it, but it was still delicious. The cake was good, just a little too sweet for me. It tasted more like fruit punch than strawberry. 

Overall I enjoyed my experience as well as the food. I would definitely call ahead of time as opposed to waiting in the store for my food. 

I'd definitely return.

Oh and please for the love of God, UPDATE YOUR WEBSITE!
Decided to take a spontaneous trip with my sisters and drive 2+ hrs to Philadelphia and try the highly social media hyped restaurant. 

Did it live up to the hype for ME? No, it did not. We decided to each order something different so we can eat off of each other's plates. 

I ordered the fried whiting fish entree + 2 sides (mac and cheese + tuna salad) The fried fish laid atop slices of white bread. The fish was fried nicely but salty. The bread counters the salt, so I see why it's included. The mac and cheese was meh. Macaroni was overcooked for my liking and had an onion taste. The tuna salad was okay. Huge portions for a total $17 

My sisters ordered the Asian and BBQ bites entrees, which were huge pieces of chicken breasts. I hear bites and I think small but that wasn't the case. Yams, rice and gravy, and potato salad were other sides we had. The yams were extremely sweet. The gravy for the rice was the jerk chicken sauce. That was good but not spicy at all. 

We also had the country twist. Sugary and cold for a hot day. Enjoyed that. The restaurant is small and fills up quick. We waited 30+ mins for our food, which I'm confused about because the sides are already made. So I'd recommend you order beforehand and pick up.
Before I start I am all for black own businesses especially small upcoming businesses but this place I wish I didn't even have to put a one star rating. I drove 1 hr & 30 min here today ,  I found the location very easy with the gps that is the only plus. I parked and there was about 12-15 ppl outside the restaurant and about the same inside. I opened the door and immediately I smelled a BAD oder. At first I'm like ok it's someone in here that must smell BUT NO. I stayed in there at 3 min looked at the menu looked at the food and I was disgusted by the smell it smelled like HOT garbage in there. I wanted to throw up. I COULD NOT stomach the smell it was so bad I had to leave.  When I glanced over at the food everything looked DRY. I was VERY disappointed in the presentation of this place after I followed them on social media for 3 months. Nothing on social media added up to that place. Ugh waste of gas , toll & time!
Don't believe the hype! I don't know how anyone can dry out mac&cheese but baby, Saud has found a way! If you're not from Philly and you are tempted to try this place that has food... check the menu first because she doesn't serve whole pieces of chicken, she serves breast bites ( I know, even kids want a whole piece of chicken)! I also don't know who told her that sugar goes in seafood but that's nasty. If you're from Maryland stick to Carolina Kitchen or Georgia Peach!! Pass on this place or get a cheesesteak!
Nasty, nasty, nasty food. I came here for the first time yesterday and was super disappointed. The mac and cheese had too much nutmeg giving it an old taste. The cabbage was super overcooked slop. I had to get teriyaki chicken because they were sold out of every thing else at 12pm on a Friday. The chicken was dry on top of a heaping pile of overcooked rice. The rice was old there was no way in Hell that rice should be so swollen with liquid that it turns to mush unless it's old. I coulda cooked all that n then some at home and been satisfied. N please stop using Accent salt I had an MSG headache all night!!! I only gave 2 stars for portion sizes not flavor.
Don't kill me! Had to take a star away, I walk in, place isn't big at all but there was no this side is a line or this side was a standing area..so I just walked up and ordered ..place is pretty tight in space, only seated area is Infront the store location with about id day 4-5 tables max...now what I didn't get is, how orders kept being taken in but customers orders were not being made to be sent out in time...I had my meal sitting on top the counter for like ten min..no joke, I had to walk up becauSe I seen them making it and say something because the register lady up front that day aug 9 2018 around 3 o'clock was giving everyone else's order but mine and my fat ass was too hungry to wait any longer Lmaoo... I believe too many orders and trying to keep up could have caused it..place was pretty packed inside and out...would of been nice to have a ac in the small eatery..was in there sweating a storm waiting for food with everyone else lol..that fan did not help at all! ...so now to the food...even though it was on the counter for ten min waiting to come to my possession..it was okay! ..no complaints, might need to try other items on the menu another day...Mac n cheese was just okay to me...potatoe salad was godly...the pulled chicken/turkey gravy ,over yellow rice was yummy...just didn't like the bones would be mixed with the meat when taking a bite but i know that's how it's made! ..How i am i don't care about the price unless I'm wow'd..was wow'd but maybe next visit to north philly from jersey city for something else on the menu will! Everyone should try his spot, just the room could get packed and won't know if there's a line or not..lol
As I was in the explorer page on Instagram I saw her restaurant advertisement and saw how many people were visiting. Week after week I would watch and yesterday was the day I finally decided to drive from New York to Philly. 

They open at noon and I arrived with my party of 3 and a total of four orders were being made. 

They opened up on time which was great!!! 
I placed my order at 12:11pm 
I didnt get my order until 12:50pm as we were told its a 45 min wait for the mac and cheese. 
My complaint was that you knew you were opening at 12 so why was the mac and cheese not done by 12. The tables were not set up so my group and I had no choice but to walk around in the area! 
There is a lot of interesting activity going on in that area. 
The staff on duty were okay but a handful of them were very rude as far as reaching in front of customers and cutting them off. 
The food was okay. I had tge fried fish with seafood salad, mac and cheese with yams. The other plate I had was the cuban turkey wings with yams and mac and cheese. 
The turkey wings  were not seasoned as well as they looked. The fish was slightly salty but tolerable when put with bread. The mac and cheese and yams were ok nothing to rip and race about as they were seasoned well. Now the seafood salad was salty and the spice was a good amount. I know everyones taste bugs are different and what may be salty to me may not be to others. My whole party I attended this restaurant and we travel all over and try foods but this did not tickle our fancy.
Wow! 
I became aware of this restaurant, because one of my daughters said she wanted to visit this eatery during a planned trip to Philadelphia. I read reviews and they were somewhat mixed, but I put my faith in the Elites, who were on point.

I ordered the fried fish, mac and cheese, and candied yams.  The portions were enormous and more than I could eat alone.  My daughter ordered the same sides, but had the bbq chicken bites, and an extra side of seafood salad.

My fish was not greasy at all, and the cornmeal crust was light and crispy.  It wasn't over seasoned and was delicious.  The cinnamon and nutmeg in the candied yams were well balanced and reminiscent of a southern Thanksgiving dinner... a little sweet, but yummy nonetheless.  The macaroni and cheese was also as Thanksgiving worthy and beyond.  I tasted a chicken bite, and wished I had ordered those too... my eyes are truly bigger than my stomach lol. I liked the seafood salad, but if I lived in Philly, I would order it to accompany a great big mixed green salad.  It holds its own and for me, doesn't need to be a side dish. 

 It was an honor to visit Ms. Saud's restaurant, and contribute to her mission
First off this place gives VERY LARGE portions which somewhat makes up for it being pricey... 
I had the Asian chicken bites(I think that's what they're called) with Mac :: The chicken was very good(a little spicy for me) 
My boyfriend had the turkey wings with rice, Mac and some yams, He liked the wings, although it's wasn't much meat. 
However the sides could have been better... the yams were way too sweet, the rice was mushy and bland, and the Mac was just not good(to us). 

I would go back to try the other items on the menu, but would have to really reconsider my sides
My 1st experience with this place was OK. About a year ago my co-workers ordered food & it looked pretty good. So feeling a little lazy & not wanting to cook tonight I remembered this mental picture in the back of my mind. I figured I'd give them a try. For delivery I had to order two platters. So I got the fish (whiting) with greens and yams and chicken bites with green beans and mac & cheese. Let's just say I can take it or leave it. The food wasn't as great as I've heard from others but it wasn't terrible. The highlight of ordering from this place was that they have really good customer service and the yams were pretty good too (and I don't really like yams that much). So in short, it's fine in a pinch but home cooking always wins.
Waited in line to get into the store and ordered. Waited over 40 minutes for food that never materialized. The staff was nonchalant and unapologetic when I went to ask about the order. The service is simply horrible. I will never waste my time here again. I asked for a refund and left.
I had been seeing @countrycookin with Saud on her Instagram posts for months maybe even a year. The posts with the people raving about the food is not a paid promotion. The food really is good. I had the chicken bites platter and It was crazy deliciousness to my husband and I. The Instagram posts don't do the food justice. I also purchased the baked salmon stuffed with crab meat. It was melt in your mouth, filling and not over seasoned. The portions for both platters was worth it. I had enough left for day 2. The wait was about 10-15 minutes. Again worth it.
When we got to the location we were excited there was a long line it seemed like yeah this place is as they say, but as time went by we were still inline but it seemed like no one was leaving with food maybe 1 or 2 people every thirty minutes. But we said well I guess they are cooking everything fresh! So we got even more excited, so we finally got to order our food after an hour wait. But we still had to wait another 45 minutes to get the food which we did we finally got our food I got the jerk chicken yams and Mac with a country twist well the jerk chicken was more like jerk bones every bite it had bones, it was annoying. then the country twist was more like ice twist it had 80% ice 20% juice for the $3 I paid for the juice I expected to get some juice out of it after two sips the juice is done for! The customer service was completely trash first the girls serving the food start yelling if we have an attitude we can leave but yet you're aloud to get smart with your customers? And belittle them? Their was a young lady with crutches asked if they could bag her juice for her please the girl says no sorry! The place was a complete disorder when you first walk in you don't know what's going on, people are standing there seems to be two lines but you don't know what the lines are for people just standing in line lost. then she has I guess delivery drivers but they are in the corner smoking weed trying to be "discreet" but um even if we don't see you you are right next to the huge fan blowing all in our faces we can smell it! For all the hype and commotion this place is most certainly not worth it at all. I'm giving two stars for the Mac and Yams
Saudia babyyyyyyyy, where do I start?! 
I'm VERY apprehensive of trying a business I saw on instagram due to prior disappointments. I hate spending my money on bland food with parsley, old bay, and/or cheese thrown on top. 

My experience at country cooking was exceptional. I ordered 11 platters and waited about 30 maybe 40 minutes needless to say it was WORTH it. Every platter had something different and it was DELICIOUS. The price is reasonable considering the portions. My only disappointment was they ran out of potato salad and tuna salad. But I'll be back to try them on another day.
What I can say about this spot is that the food is great!  The first time I ordered the shrimp. I don't really care for the cornmeal breading but nonetheless everything was seasoned and good. The second time I got the lamb chops, both times I got mac and cheese, green beans and sweet potatoes.  I also got seafood salad for lunch the next day. The seafood salad is really good. The food was consistent. The only thing that could be improved upon is the customer service. People were arguing in the back and the girl that took my order wasn't rude, but she wasnt nice either. (Maybe its a philly thing)  At anyrate, people can say what they want to say about this woman, but her food is consistent and good. I also see her doing alot for the community. So in my book she's good. People see it, but God sees it too, just keep doing your thang Saud. I'm a supporter.
This business is highly overrated or they just fell all the way off since they 1st started. Yesterday was my 1st time & last time. This fish was over breaded & did not taste that good. The Mac & cheese tasted like there was no sharp cheddar added at all & also did not taste that good. The yams were not candied yams, they were just yams in water & were way too sweet & also undercooked. The green beans were so salty, they were inedible & had to discard them. For $7.99/LB, my total was about $16 & half of that was the salty, mushy green beans that went in the trash. For me, everything was beyond mediocre. I will not be back.
I ordered the Cuban Style Turkey Wing platter with mac and cheese and fried cabbage. It was fantastic. The portions are huge and the food is reasonably priced. This place is best for take-out as it is a bit small to sit in for large groups. 

Be sure to check them out on $10 Thursday's!!!! All platters are $10!!!!!

Bottom line, this is THEEEE place for soul food right in the heart of North Philadelphia.
I have watched her videos on IG for some time and BOY was it worth the trip! The food was hot, tasty and well seasoned. The young lady who took my order was pleasant. The serving size was more than enough for 2-3 people to share. 

I met Saudia and she was down for my rap and as vivacious as she presents her self on IG. The neighborhood folks who were sitting outside were friendly as well!

The only reason I didn't give Saudia a HIGH 5 was the flies. With the door being opened constantly the flies were in and out!
Service was good- the chicken was ok and the MAC...oh the MAC...that they brag about is ok!!! Thats it....I was so disappointed...just because you put some herbs in a mac and cheese doesnt make it good! It was not seasoned well! and definitely needed more cheese!!! The collard greens were flavorful....most of the food is already done...they have the sides out in front of you and the place is clean... but that MAC is why I came and I was so mad at how....average..it was....I hope they do better!
This place does not live up to the promotion I've seen.  It's not clean, more money needs to be re invested into fixing this place up. The sides are all done, so I'm not sure why it takes so long, over an hour, for your order to be ready.  People are standing all over the place, just waiting. This is crazy...the food was not worth the wait!!
I've always wanted to eat here but never got the chance but TODAY.....TODAY I HAD TIME!!!! first thing first congrats on the new store. I've got the Cuban turkey wings with the Mac & cheese an cabbage, my gf got the bbq chicken with all Mac & cheese bcuz she's weird as shit an BUL Let me tell ya it was yopppin! it was 10 dollars today (s/o 10 dollar Thursday) but it's worth every bit of 15.50. Everyone should try this place, I wouldn't say it's a hidden gem because it was crowded as shit ctfu. The wait isn't that long because it's worth it. A lady left bcuz of the waiting time idk what she was doing but I ain't have shit to do. Anyway this place gets 5 stars. Most importantly this is a all black business. Plus there's no pork on the menu which is always a plus for a lot of people.
Sorry Saud you're not the best in the city by far but your ok. The food is ok at best, the fried fish isn't fresh but most soul food places lack in the fresh fish department so I'm not surprised. The sides were just ok I had the Mac and cheese and green beans, the Mac and cheese could have more of a cheese flavor plus the green beans tasted peppery and looked like they were out of a can. Now let's get to the customer service, The customer service sucks the wait for food is ridiculous, the last time I went the counter person had an attitude I don't patronize places to deal with someones attitude she has too many customers for that to be a contributing factor in her business.
My friends and I came to the restaurant the line was long as we expected. So that was not the issue . The issues was the customer service. For her restaurant to be such an INSTAGRAM FOOD STOP for tourist I would except for her to have decent customer service . The lady who was at the register was smacking her gum with an attitude ( Mya ) and people trying to ask her question and she would either ignore you or answer very rudely. Even with the line being long she decided to leave the register and go outside . As her coworkers yelled her name to come and help customer. I believe there could have been better customer service. The Security guard had to get people's orders because they would not call people's name or skip them . I believe her workers are a REPRESENTATION OF HER BUSINESS  and if she wants to be taking serious that is something that needs to be change.
I had a fish platter with mac and cheese and yams. It was delicious! Honestly, the mac and cheese could be better but it isn't nasty. The yams and fish definitely made up for the mac and cheese. We also bought a slice of strawberry cake which looked like the strawberry shortcake ice cream popsicle. It was a HUGE slice. 2 fish platters and 2 huge slices of cake $35.00. I think it was worth it! We only waited about 30 minutes. The owner is really nice and friendly.
I drove from Queens New York to Philly just for Country Cookin. The Mac&cheese I didn't like, the jerk chicken was toooooo spicy like can't even eat it. Wait time was about 15 minutes wasn't bad and no parking.
I visited Country Cooking yesterday while in Philly. After seeing the restaurant on Facebook and Instagram I was dying to try. So on my recent visit from San Francisco I had to try.

I arrived around 12 noon (opening) on Sunday, just a few guest ahead of me. Char who was working up front greeted me promptly and with a smile. The place was small but very clean (based on other reviews I was looking) but everything appeared up to par. They owner came and greeted everyone with a smile and her bubbly personality. Saud was right to name it Country Cooking - not only offering southern cuisine but also southern hospitality she made everyone feel loved and welcomed it was look visiting and aunts. 

So the food; Delicious!  I selected the Asian Breast Bites as an entree they were juicy and filled with a savory-sweet flavor with just enough spice. I had double cabbage and tuna salad as my side each were on point. No long wait about 15 minutes or so.

I definitely would recommend a visit and I suggest early arrival! So worth it the platters easily feeds two people.
I try to support local and small businesses but this place just did not do it for me. Definitely looks better than it tastes and definitely not worth the hour wait. Save yourself and your wallet the time and money.
No thank you. Love what you do saud. But no. I drove from New York and this food did not live up to my expectations. Confidence is key in this food industry thing so Saud has that. Anyways I'm glad I supported another black business but I wouldn't ever travel back to philly for this again. 
I ordered the Asian breast bites which I think were ketchup based. I'm I'm not a fan of ketchup. Period. So ew. Yams jus plain sugar no aroma or spices. Just SUGAR. also got the yellow rice which taste like 30sec UNCLE BEN rice. With jerk sauce on top. Jerk sauce was so liquidity and bland. No spice. On ig she says "that's so spicy!" But it ain't lol. Maybe I tolerate spice differently. Anyways I also got the Mac and I thought it was pretty good. Slightly over cooked. I tried the famous country twist and that was the best. Sugar but I would suppose so! But soooo goodddd. $3for it but it's worth it plus the cup is big. Food was overall heavy and basic. Shoutout to saud for keeping that place packed though!! I couldn't eat that everyday. Even if I lived around the corner :/
Love everything I've ever had here.  Had the jerk chicken (spice was perfect), whiting, candied yams, greens and the mac and cheese is amazing.  Lifting one platter feels like it weighs 5lbs. no lie.  It's enough food for a few days for one person.
Food is great! The customer service sucks! Rude, attitudes, and very disrespectful! Then you combine the service with the food, the service outweighs the food. Just because the food is good that doesn't give you the right to be rude!!!!! I will never order from there ever again! Soul II Sole has better service!
Food was so good I didnt take a pic! However I can still describe my experience. 

The wait is about 30-40mins long. When I first ordered they ran out of macaroni and cheese. I was told it may take about an hour before the current batch was done. Thankfully it came out eariler than that so I got two sides of it. 

So I purchased two platters: mine was the Asian breast bites with potato salad and yams; the other platter was fried fish with yams and rice.

The sweet potatoes were so good; not too sweet just right. The macaroni & cheese was better than I expected,  the Asian breast bites were delicious! The rice was good too however my mom said the fish tasted like it wasnt cleaned as good as it should have been. 

Overall the food was so good and i will be back.
I finally listened when Saud said "get down here" on IG, to see what all the hype was about. The Asian breast bites were bomb! The mac and cheese was just ok, the string beans were good. I wasn't impressed with the seafood salad because it had way too much imitation crab meat and I don't think it was worth the $6. The wait was about 30 minutes so I would suggest calling and ordering ahead. I would go back to try something different.
First time I visited this restaurant today.   Definite must try!  for the price you get a lot of food.  Not sure what she puts in that MAC and CHEESE but even when you are full your like you have to have another bite.   I had the fried whiting, mac and cheese and yams.  The yams were good also.  The only complaint that I had was the rice, so 1 less star because Rice is important to Caribbean people :0).....it was cooked well but it was not seasoned.

Also, I would call first..I had to wait a bit for the food..no issue...but if you are in a hurry...  Don't by the menu they give you..its outdated..they have their food items listed.

I will definitely go back and find another item to try; and post another review to make sure they are consistent.
Food was delicious! My boyfriend ordered the jerk chicken platter with cabbage and mac & I got the fried chicken bites with sweet potatoes and string beans. Girls at the counter were nice but the wait was pretty long - next time we'll have to call and order ahead. Definitely worth the wait though!
Ever hear someone say that something was so good that they would smack their mama? well this is the food they are talking about! I can not stress enough how awesome the food is. The Breast bites are pieces of chicken breast meat that's covered in a homemade seasoning and breading. I always plop some of the homemade BBQ sauce on the side of the platter so i can dip. love that shit! The candied Yams are the best i have ever had. No question! I dont even eat them anywhere else much and i order them every time with my meal from Saudia's. They have this gooey, candy, syrup thing going on that's soo bangin' that when I'm done eating the Yam's, i drink the juice. What do i care? I'm a pig anyway. I drink pickle juice too! so what? Anyway,  I also get a side of homemade Mac & Cheese. Again, its delicious. It always has that burnt layer on top, you know the shit you use hope the lunch lady gave you with the hairy mole on her face back in school! Yea, that burnt good stuff.  The greens are decent, being a white boy, i couldn't really tell the difference between good or bad greens. But they are good. They have other sides as well but I'm addicted to the yams and Mac that i haven't tried them. They have a Orange juice mixed drink that's real sweet and goes great with the food.

Staff is friendly and Saudia is very nice. All I can say is I'm sorry i didn't start eating here until last year.
I've been following Saud on insta for several months and I have been looking forward to trying her food. So, I was really excited when I finally headed over. 

I ordered fried whiting, with baked macaroni and cheese, and green beans. My boyfriend ordered the Cuban Turkey wings, with candied yams, and green beans. 

 Plan to pick up your food and eat elsewhere, since there is no seating. The sides are pre-made (cafeteria style) and they prepare a lot of the main dishes when you order in the back. 

The wait was pretty long (30-45min), but I don't mind waiting for a good home cooked southern meal. The cashiers were polite. 

My fish was cooked well, but was just a tad too salty, same for my green beans. The macaroni and cheese was a good texture, but it tasted like there was onion powder in it...I can't imagine why you would need to put onion powder in Mac and cheese. That definitely needs to be left out. 

I tried my boyfriend's turkey wings. The meat was falling of the bone and the seasoning was good. His candied yams were cooked perfectly, but just a little too much sugar. His green beans were obvi the same as mine.

I think ultimately, she would be right on the money if she would just put a little less salt or sugar in the dishes, and leave the onions or onion powder far away from the Mac and cheese please. I hated to do it, but I docked two stars for these reasons. 

I will probably go back and try something else.
I visited Saudia's July 21, 2012.  I took a friend here because we wanted "Soul Food" and the person had already tried "another" establishment in the past.  Now, I did call ahead to ask if there was a sitting area and was informed they have a couple tables - and thats exactly what they have.  This location is not for you to take a friend to sit and eat and chat.  I mean, that's what we did, because we were from out of town (NYC) but basically this place is best for take-out only.

Now, on to the food.  I must say, I investigated a bit before visiting, so I was looking forward to the Cuban Turkey Wings, but they we all out when I arrived.  So I had the smothered turkey wings with mac & cheese and yams.  The wings were very well seasoned and fall-off-the-bone tender.  The gravy was alright, it could have used a bit more salt or seasoning.  But you could tell the wings were marinated or something because the meat was seasoned all the way through.  Yams were nice and sweet, even a little gooey - yum.  And the mac & cheese....Let me say this.  I LOVE cheese, and LOVE mac & cheese just as much, so I'm very critical.  This mac & chesse was great.  It was different, with some extra seasoning you don't typically find in southern mac & cheese; something with herbs because I saw the green specks.  High levels of yumminess!  I will caution you: if you are diabetic, you'd better stay away from that orange drink - you've been warned!!!  Its very good, but VERY sweet.  And the melted ice doesn't even dilute it so that should be a sign.

Overall, the food was good.  Like I said, this location is best for take out and I would have loved to try some other dishes but they were finished.  Definitely a place to try out!
Service is terrible! There isn't any kind of organization and they let your food sit cold because there isn't anyone keeping up with your orders .  Very unprofessional.  Food is good though! Not good enough for an hour wait though
This place is indeed a hidden gem! For $12.50 I got the most amazing baked mac and cheese and jerk chicken, and some good candied yams. The young man who helped me was funny and polite. I asked who cooked everything and he informed me that the woman who owns the place really does make everything. It's incredible. I have only been able to make it through maybe 1/4 of the food I was served and cannot wait to reheat it for dinner :-) Definitely get it to go, no real place to sit down to eat and definitely plan to go back!
The best fried fish I have tasted besides my mom's,lol. The staff inside was very friendly Ashley Imani those girls are the best while I waited for my food they engage me in the conversation awesome staff! The mac and cheese was a bit sweet which is something different than what I'm normally used to the greens were on point and the strawberry cake was to die for! I will definitely be back again and again and again!!!
Food was great, staff seemed disorganized and didn't handle the pressure of being busy well. Call ahead for takeout orders, I didn't the first time I went and ended up waiting 20 minutes for a fish platter. I recommend the Cuban turkey wings and potato salad, but if you like soul food everything's good.
Big portions, good pricing, I wouldn't recommend the mac. The jerk was exactly what I wanted well seasoned and spicy the yams were sweet gooey-ness. The wait was normal. The staff was pretty cool dealing with rude customers. The interior was clean and looked up to date.
Country Cooking is overrated.
Don't believe the hype. I'm really confused as to why this placed is hyped up so much in Philly.

First let's speak about the place itself. 
It seems like no money goes in to the upkeep of the place. The waiting area is wayyyyy to small for the amount of time they have you waiting for your food (look forward to waiting for about an hour or longer)

Customer service
The young lady behind the counter seemed bother by any questions that were asked and annoyed at the fact that she had to speak to customers. Which was very unpleasant to experience being the fact that the job description for customer service is just that- CUSTOMER SERVICE 
The people serving the food were very slow. 
Everything I ordered was already out on display so I really don't understand what was the purpose of having people waiting as long as we did.
There's no structure. People were standing in any spot they could fit themselves in and there was constant confusion of where the line started. 

Food
I went there with one main thing in mind, to try out the famous seafood salad! I got there about 5:30pm on a Sunday (they close at 10pm) & they were already telling people they were sold out. Very disappointing and again shows how unorganized things are. If there's a dish that is most popular at a restaurant there should be a sufficient amount of supply to meet demands. So we went on to order our platters and half of the menu was unavailable! 
I settled with jerk chicken over yellow rice with a side of cabbage and a side of green beans. The jerk chicken was wayyy too spicy. I love spicy food but that chicken was so spicy it was not enjoyable. Also the serving of chicken that was given to me had too many bones, seemed like they gave me the scraps from the bottom of the pan. I had to pick the bones out of every other bite. The rice tasted like boxed rice. The green beans seemed to be out of a can. The only thing that was good was the cabbage. 
My boyfriend settled with the fried whiting fish, a side of Mac and cheese, and cabbage. The fish was dry, not flavorful and didn't seem fresh at all. They overloaded his platter with fish and gave him a small amount of Mac n cheese. The Mac and cheese was dry, barely had any cheese and bland. Again the only thing that was good was the cabbage. 

Overall I was highly disappointed with my experience with Country Cooking and definitely will not be a returning customer.
Place seems okay. Young girls working the front. Profanity talking to each other. Waited 1 hour for platters.  Too long for platters I think. Too much gossiping and unorganized up front. Food was good nothing special. If faster service it would be nice. Do not know who's doing the cooking in back. Although girls up front needs to be more organized they were respectful and okay customer service. Probably wouldn't return unless I'm really hungry. Tip is to get there early. Long long wait.
MACARONI AND CHEESE! quite possibly the best I have ever had! Oh and the candied yams were the best I've had yet too. I can't wait to go back and try the fish and lamb next time. Saudia is so hospitable and so are the other staff members. A great take-out place that's like no other in the area. I'll be back soon!
I love love love saud. I'm from Brooklyn, NY the Mrs decided to come to Philly for valentines weekend. I decided to check out the restaurant since I've been following her for YEARS and never been. The restaurant opened at 12pm. We arrived by 5pm and everything was basically sold old or they didn't have what we wanted because certain food are "specials". It took us over 5 minutes just to think about what we what to order. The wife ordered the Jerk chicken, mac, cabbage, and potato salad. I ordered breast bites, Mac & yams. The total was $34 which isn't bad for the amount of food they give you. 

Here's where it went down hill. I wanted the turkey wings but the staff was sold out there were only 4 little pieces left in the try. An employee stated to me that since I'm from NY she'll just add the turkey wing to the order free of charge. When the food came, she made a big deal of not knowing where to put the turkey wing at. We even offered to pay for it since that was the special of the day, I really wanted to try it. They made a big deal and we left it at that.

We get to the hotel we're staying at, my wife tried her jerk chicken it was hot but not uneatable. She enjoyed the cabbage, the Mac but the potato salad was horrible. 

I then opened my tray. The Mac was fantastic, yams were EXTREMELY sweet, and they put buffalo breast bites instead of plain. The chicken was UNEATABLE. I had to throw it out after a couple of bites. All in all, I love Saud and I respect her for all she does. Won't be returning back but will continue to support her in other ways.
I came to Philly all the way from Stlouis missouri to try Country Cooking and let's say Saudia lives up to the expectations.  I'm very picky when it comes too food.  I had the Asian breast bites w/ rice and jerk chicken and candy yams (I normally don't eat) and enough good to feed 2 was so fire.  I will be bck with the gang. The staff got everything down pack,  I was in and out   I didn't get to see Saudia , maybe next time.
I was a little skeptical about trying this place out because I've heard people had different views on the food as to whether it was good or not. I finally was able to get a platter. I had the Cuban turkey wings with rice, mac and cheese and sweet potatoes. All I can say is the food was delicious. There was enough food to feed a couple people. I will say that my money was well spent. My mom got the fish, mac and cheese and yams and she enjoyed her meal. My nephew got the jerk chicken and he was well pleased. To all those that want to try Country Cookin go ahead, you won't be disappointed. Those that say that the food is oh so nasty has either not really ate there and is going off of haters or I just lucked up. One thing for sure and two things for certain, I don't eat nasty food. I would throw it away first. I will visit Country Cooking again
This is the worst soul food I've ever had.. the mac&cheese was disgusting the worst mac&cheese I've had in 40 years,it had a sweet and sour taste like it had sugar in it and it had been sitting out for days and spoiled, the jerk chicken was inedible it was just spice it could have been any meat because the heat took over any other flavor, the cabbage was brown and it taste like it sat in meat water for hours!!! The bottom line is the to me the worst soul food I've ever had in 40yrs no bull crap.. just disgusting!!! I would've put no stars but it wouldn't allow me to.. I went there on Wednesday 6/21/17
If I could give ZERO stars I would. Me and my girlfriend stood in line for over an hour to get two platters of precooked food. The hostess wasnt the friendliest not customer service manners, the place was packed in the small little lobby and the food didn't look fresh, mac and cheese was burned on top, yams looked canned, so after an hour and ten minutes we got our money back and left. First time going there, and that was my last. NEVER AGAIN
I had to go to see for myself because Im a foodie. Im going to fair and honest. I did get there at 12 noon as it states on google that it was open at that time. They said it was going to be open at 1pm. Cool no problem. Came back at 1 to a line like crazy. Good for her Im proud of that. Get that money. How ever I do feel like as a customer they could of did a few things to make the wait alil better.    
1. Post something you will be delayed on the window if you are late. 2. Give out menus so people that have not ever been there know what to get before even walking in so when we get up to the line we already know what want 3. Could even have people paying in a express line and even pay a few dollars to get in and out fast. Because I would of paid not to wait. 4. Have a debit card person with google pay or whatever swiping and paying ahead or even getting orders ahead. 5. They need a intercom outside because people walk in order their food and walk out because its not enough room inside or have another runner to run things outside to them. 6. A ticket system is needed. I went to Denises and they had one so why not. 7. Get alil bit organized with the lines. What line is what. Pick up orders over here. Order over here. People ordered over the phone over here. Have some type of order and structure 8. Give samples out to people while waiting. 9. Discount if we are waiting longer than an hr. Its only right to avoid some negative feed back. So after getting the food. Taking it home. I honestly can say it was good. I got the bbq chicken bites and my man got the fish and his a big guy and it took him 2 servings to eat it all. The amount of food in the platters was a lot. I would of gave her more stars but I cant because Of the wait. She has to be mindful of peoples time. And time is money. But would I go back? Yes. But with more patience and honestly I would rather pay someone to go down there and wait and get it for me. Yes I know Im impatient. But so is America lol. If she can gets her time together.  The next step is uber eats and a reality show. So Saud keep doing your thing. Whatever your doing its working. Just listen to the people alil more. We love ya!
Back at it again!! My ass cannot stay out of her establishment. Everything I have tried here is good!! I finally ordered the seafood salad with the mermaid meat and boy was I glad I did. I told Saudia my man comes from NYC every weekend and I have to get him a platter from here every time. Go spend your bread with Saud. You will not be sorry!!
Long wait while you endure a little ratcheness . But---the food is soo good,i guess worth it. I recommend you call your order in,then pick up.
please support this business. very wholesome people here, amazing food, great prices!
The food is very delicious! I got the honey bbq breast bites, candied yams, mac n cheese and seafood salad. The portions are so generous that 1 platter fed 3 people! Aside from that, flavors were all there and simply delicious. The only thing I didn't like was the seafood salad. Not that it was nasty or anything, but it had a strong old bay flavor in it, which I particularly don't like. If you like old bay, it's definitely for you. The food tastes extremely fresh and well prepared. I only paid $19 for all that food and it fed 3 people! I recommend this place and I would go back again (this time for her famous Cuban turkey wings).
So far I've had the chicken, lamb & chicken chops, green beans, mac n cheese, & collard greens. It was a PARTY IN MY MOUTH! I can't wait to try the banana pudding, cabbage, turkey spaghetti-well everything on the menu :-) Very friendly service!
I got bad diarrhea from their food the 1 time I tried them. Also I got a weird vibe from the staff. I didn't have a great experience with this place and will not ever go back.
Don't play with Saud!!! Ms Saud my husband picked up 8 platters last night from you and he said you were so hospitable and your love for what you do as evident!! Besides the wait time everything was perfect. We did try to call in advance but was unable to get through. That furthered my belief that her food must be just that damn good.  I personally sampled your fine cuisine at Del State homecoming at your food truck station... last night jerk chicken platter was nothing short of amazing. Everyone was satisfied with their platters... prices are good and the portion size, well just say you have enough for breakfast and lunch the next day!! We're from Wilmington but you can expect us to come back again and again!!! Thank you..The Harpers!!!
Look, i've been following Saud for the last few years on IG. As soon as we decided that we were coming to the East Coast it was a MUST that I come check her out.

Listen, there was nothing disappointing about the experience. We were able to check her out at her new location at the fresh grocer, which was great. 

My family is from Louisiana and so I am spoiled by my grandma's cooking and let me tell you Ms.Saud's  yams, fried fish and seafood salad are easily a highlight of our East Coast trip for me and all of my friends! THEM YAMS THO
The buffet on Monument Road is OVER-Priced! I paid $10.79 for one piece of fish, one chicken wing and a side of mac.

Meanwhile, I could have added a few dollars more and received a whole meal with more meat and 2 sides at the original location! 

I will only return for the packaged seafood salad- its filled with seafood and perfect for seafood lovers!
These people are the real deal!
Thank you for respecting the community!
Keep on lifting people up.  Proud of you!
Excellent management. Definitely make sure to do your job supporting this business, as they definitely deserve it!! Purrrr.
I arrived at the restaurant at 12:50pm on a Friday and received my food at 1:50pm. I expected the wait, so no problem with that. I ordered the breast bites, fried fish, yams, Mac and cheese, and the potato salad. All were above average, and tasted pretty good. I don't know if I would wait an hour again, but it was solid.
First of all let me just say we got lucky & didn't have an enormous wait time! seating is available outside although i'd love to see indoor seating in the future. the salmon came with huge portions & was seasoned perfectly. mac & cheese was decent cabbage was fair. my husband raved about the shrimp & i tried his yams which were def delicious & not too sweet at all! would def return in the future.
The food was good but the wait is very long so only come here if you don't have any other obligations. I will say she can do better on the salmon because mine had a funny smell which messed up the taste. Every restaurant has an off day but overall I will return to eat again!
Just had this for the first time...LOVED IT! Can't wait to go back. Saudia should be so proud of herself. My friends & I just went in & we were treated like friends that she had known her whole life. I hope everyone gives this place a chance.... It truly is a hidden gem.
Visited Saudia County cooking inside the Whole Foods market Food was AWESOME!! The line was long but it was worth it Fried Fish was very good SHRIMP yum baked Mac was delicious green beans yum yum yum! Will def support this business and recommend you do as well!
Gotta love seeing places like this get the recognition they deserve.
Will definitely be coming back.
owner is great and supporting a black owned business is also great! def stop in here if u can!
Wow! 
I became aware of this restaurant, because one of my daughters said she wanted to visit this eatery during a planned trip to Philadelphia. I read reviews and they were somewhat mixed, but I put my faith in the Elites, who were on point.

I ordered the fried fish, mac and cheese, and candied yams.  The portions were enormous and more than I could eat alone.  My daughter ordered the same sides, but had the bbq chicken bites, and an extra side of seafood salad.

My fish was not greasy at all, and the cornmeal crust was light and crispy.  It wasn't over seasoned and was delicious.  The cinnamon and nutmeg in the candied yams were well balanced and reminiscent of a southern Thanksgiving dinner... a little sweet, but yummy nonetheless.  The macaroni and cheese was also as Thanksgiving worthy and beyond.  I tasted a chicken bite, and wished I had ordered those too... my eyes are truly bigger than my stomach lol. I liked the seafood salad, but if I lived in Philly, I would order it to accompany a great big mixed green salad.  It holds its own and for me, doesn't need to be a side dish. 

There are equally good soul food restaurants in Bedford Stuyvesant, but it was an honor to visit Ms. Saud's restaurant, and contribute to her mission.
This food is packed with flavor. I would recommend getting one platter and splitting it for two people. Theres so much food!!! I had the jerk chicken. It was just the right spice, not too spicy to where it wasnt enjoyable. The cabbage and macaroni and cheese are great too. My boyfriend had the Whiting and yams. Great place to eat. I'm glad my flight was canceled!
What a great find!  How come I never knew about this place before?  It's kind of secret I guess to those who aren't in the know.  Had fantastic fried chicken and heaping heaping portions of rockin' baked mac & cheese and collard greens.   Everything was perfectly seasoned and very "home cooked" tasting.  And what huge portions on a take-out platter for 10 bucks!  I had enough for leftovers for lunch the next day.    I'm sold and will go back.  They're only open Thurs, Fri and Sat (during summer) and not sure if I'd wanna hang out in the neighborhood late at night, but these are small limitation for some awesome grub.
Food is decent but they never answer the phone and the customer service is very mediocre.....
The yams tastes like they came straight out of a can, the rice tastes like bland rice-a-roni, the skin of the jerk turkey wings was ok. The meat itself was bland.
Very very long wait to n food. Won't be back this the second time this happen. When I order they have already ran out of four items. Not to mention poor customer service. The young lady told me what's was 86 after I place three different orders because of lack of food. Waited a hour still no food so I got my money back
Country cookin did not disappoint. I've been eating from this soul food spot for years and the consistency in food is always spot on. Try the chicken breast bites, they are so juicy and seasoned to perfection. The macaroni and cheese was delicious with lots of cheese. Also, the candies yams are sweet. I really pigged out. I had vanilla cake and it was very moist and tasty. BEWARE...Blue Magic!!! It is super duper sweet. FYI...call ahead to place your order as fried foods are made to order. Sorry! No picture!
Never been to the physical restaurant but the other day I bought her seafood salad from shop rite . It was extremely salty . Tons of old bay and I should've knew it was really salty from the color of it because it was extremely orange smh .
Let me start by saying. If you're in a rush don't go, most orders takes between 30 - 45 minutes. Besides the long wait, the food was AMAZING. The prices are reasonable, especially for the amount of food you're getting. The Cuban Turkey Wings were my parents favorite. A different taste, but very good. My sister loved her Fish Platter. From it's crispy crunch, and it's freshness. The Buffalo Breast Bites are my favorite. Juicy, Thick, Flavorful, and definitely a nice size. Every platter took two sittings to finish. Cabbage were good, Yams were good and not too sweet, MAC n Cheese was just okay, Green Beans were surprisingly GOOD. The Seafood Salad was cool. I'm only saying cool, because I make a killer seafood salad that's requested for all my family events. I expected more, but hey.
This shit hits my soul it was bomb ass fuck them greens were amazing I don't even eat everybody Mac and cheese but this shit was a1 drove all the way from nyc to philly met some local haters and I said fuck that and them  I'll form my own opinions. I'm glad I did that I'm coming back don't play with saud I'm pissed you weren't there but the staff made up for it
There was a 20 min wait which was not too bad for such a popular spot! I love Saudia! Asian breast bites were amazing and fresh!
The owner gives employees a living wage! Also we love to see a woman of color succeed with her business. Continue to give out blessings and I hope your business profits from this. When I visit the area I will be dining here.
Finally made it to "Country Cookin after years of seeing their social media posts. Unfortunately, it didn't meet the hype I was hoping for. A 90 minute wait for take out is a major problem in my opinion. My advice is ALWAYS call ahead, never order on the spot. Food wise, the portions are great. But quality wise, it was just "OK". The yams are very good, but everything else was basic. The total was $34 for the 2 platters I ordered. Not sure if I would come back here. The staff is very nice. But for the price, food quality, and extremely long wait time, I'm not sure if it's worth it.
