(to the tune of "Hotline Bling" by Drake)

You want some take-out? grab your cell phone
At night when you're hungry at home
Want deliv'ry? get that cell phone
If you're hungry, and you're all alone
And you know when you hear that ring
It can only mean one thing.
When you hear that phone go ring
It can only mean one thing.

If you tryna grab some thai food you...
You probably also wanna BYO now
Everybody does, and don't be stressed out
They've got no cork fee, you will not be left out.

If you tryna grab some thai food you....
You probably wanna get yourself some spring rolls
These ones didn't really rock my world though
Stick to tom yum soup for an app, yo.

You want some take-out? grab your cell phone
At night when you're hungry at home
Want deliv'ry? get that cell phone
If you're hungry, and you're all alone
And you know when you hear that ring
It can only mean one thing.
When you hear that phone go ring
It can only mean one thing.

SO, unlike Drake, they won't pick up their phone late night, if you need their love. Instead, they're open until 10pm. Jonesing for a little spice on a crisp fall night, we made our way over to the totally empty resto (7pm on a Tuesday, eventually 3 other parties showed up, but plenty of space). Saw a LOT of takeout or delivery orders being filled in that time. Spring rolls left something to be desired (just nothing to write home about, bland, needed a lotta sauce). However, the tom yum soup was delish and the Yum-Neua-Yang Salad was INCREDIBLE. Super flavorful meat, and the ground roasted rice was a fantastic textural addition. My dining date got the Pad-Khing-Gai with chicken, nice sized portion and really solid flavor. This spot makes a great quiet date spot for when you'd like to ball on a semi-budget and still get a zing of flavor. I'd request more spice next time, their standard is very mild.
Monday night at the newest Thai joint in town only proved that we are in desperate need of more good Thai food in this city. We scored a table for two around 6:45. By 7:15, every table was full. 

The small BYO makes use of its space by fitting as many tables as possible onto the dining floor. It's not too tight for diners once everyone is seated, but I noticed that it was difficult for the staff to get around at times. The walls really are as lime green as they look in the pictures, and the large windows have pretty green leaf patterns along the top panels, creating a tree effect. 

Throughout our dinner, our server seemed a bit swamped, but everything we ordered came out correctly. I did have to ask a couple times before I received a soda, and the same thing happened again when I needed a refill. In a few weeks, service should be smooth sailing.

We started with the dumplings, which were lightly fried and very flavorful. My boyfriend had a noodle dish that was phenomenal. The noodles were wide and flat and there were onions in the broth. I couldn't stop swiping bites. I had a chicken dish with bamboo shoots and bell peppers in garlic sauce. The dish was colorful and just what I wanted out of a Thai meal. 

The thing we liked most about our food was that the sauces and broths were very light and not at all syrupy. The flavors of the chicken and vegetables weren't cloaked in overly sweet or pungent sauces, so everything tasted bright and fresh. 

Lunch is a steal with three courses for under ten dollars. I looking forward to my next visit.
We all enjoyed Sawadtee and their brightly colored green walls very much. One of our 4 dining experiences here was for a party of 8, including our foodie cousins (and fellow Yelpers) form California and my brother who lived in Thailand for years. We all gave it a huge thumbs up. I would say their opinion certainly carries some weight. 

Perfect texture tofu peanut satay, curries of all kinds, my mom's go-to massaman and panag for me. Tom Yum and Tom Kah soups. A few different varieties of Pad Thai. Pad See Ew. All were very satisfying. My mom is a shrimp counter and said they were generous here. 

Desserts we have indulged in have been classic sticky rice in a mango variety and the coconut custard in a kombocha squash which is definitely a stand out and one you must try! 

The service was great and they were very accommodating as I basically create dishes for the littles.   

Even though this corner spot is on the smaller side, we had no problem fitting our larger (and loud) party. 

There are a few tables outside for al fresco dining in warmer weather. The people watching on South is of course fantastic. It's now conveniently located diagonal from PHS pop-up making it a great post drinks or happy hour spot. 

It's BYO so bring 'em!
On a very unseasonably cold night, we thought a nice spicy Thai food would keep us warm. Coming from a warm country I should have known better, eating spicy food help to keep us cool not warm.  Nevertheless the food was heavenly. Apparently common sense is not so common Haha

The waiter, Craig, greeted me with a warm smile and a friendly hello- Sawatdee, which is a polite hello in Thai! I was the last one to arrive and joined my party of 10. 

We placed our orders and it came out in a timely manner. Since I love to try coffee drinks, the Thai Iced Coffee caught my eye, so it was the first thing I ordered. Very refreshing coffee sweetened with condensed milk. Super dooper excellent! 

I ordered Satay-Gai, as a starter, a nicely grilled chicken, marinated in coconut curry alongside with a flavorful peanut dipping sauce and refreshing cucumber relish. 

I got the Massaman Curry with Chicken as a main course. It was absolutely delicious.
The food at Sawatdee range from spicy to extreme spicy, I ordered mine to be made medium spiced and it was just right! Nice mixture of flavorful and colorful ingredients.  Sour tropical fruits , sweet pineapples, salty fish oil, sweet palm sugar, spicy Thai garlic cooked in coconut milk with a side of steamed jasmine rice. Very nice, warm and cozy dish.
I had to leave some space for dessert. Poached Banana In Coconut Cream! Very simple and very interesting!  This Thai banana dessert is made with bananas which were poached and sweeten in palm sugar syrup and cooked in coconut cream. Naturally sweet and light.

P.S: No check splitting and Max of 2 CC/table.

Four Yelps!
I returned to Sawatdee for dinner on Monday night. It was night two of my Thai cravings and I had to satisfy the beast. The hype of Sawatdee's opening has definitely waned and we were able to score a table with no problem. Service was notably better than my previous two experiences at lunch and dinner. Water glasses were kept filled and everything was cooked just the way we asked. 

For a starter, we shared the grilled chicken skewers with peanut sauce and cucumber relish. A nice little bite before the meal and not too heavy, either. I ordered chicken pad Thai sans tofu for my main, and I opted for a two star level of spiciness out of three. At first, the dish didn't seem spicy, but it was a deceptively slow burn. By the time I was three quarters of the way through, I was chugging water and had to tap out. Next time, I'll go with one star of heat. Truth be told, I'm kind of a heat pansy. But my meal was damn good nonetheless. I don't know what they do at Sawatdee that is different from other Thai places, but the noodles are just so much better. They easily swirl around a fork and are never stuck together. And the flavors of all the ingredients really pop. That was especially true for my dining partner's dish, the pad kee mao gai. Wow, was that good. 

I'm not positive that my cravings for Thai have truly been satisfied at this point. It probably won't be long before I'm back for another fix.
I had lunch with Michelle C at Sawatdee a few weeks ago. Like other Yelpers have mentioned before me, the lunch special is awesome. However, I am unsure why the rule is "appetizer or salad, soup and entree" but you cannot get an appetizer, salad and entree. Silly.

I started with the tom yum veggie soup, which was spicy but somehow managed to be "light" in consistency. Tasted very homemade, which was great.

I continued with a spring roll. Good. Basic. I've never had a bad spring roll, have you? 

My entree was pad see iew, my favorite thai noodle dish by far. The actual quality of the noodles was awesome- you could tell they were hand cut. No mushiness, no clumps. The veggies were fresh and the flavor was good, but it was very low key. Nothing popped, nothing sizzled, and what the heck is cauliflower doing in there? Inapprops. 

I would definitely come back to Sawatdee, but if you're looking for bold flavors and lots of spice (like I often am), trek a mile or so south and order from Circles.
Went for lunch, which was inexpensive (9.95 for soup, salad or app, and entree) but not very good.  Both Tom Yum Gai and Tom Kha Gai were fine, although as usual the chicken was a little dry and overcooked.  I really liked the spring roll, light and peppery, and I think my companion liked his salad.  However, the entrees were pretty darn bad.  The beef in the red curry tasted distinctly sour and old, and the egg noodles in the bah mee moo dang looked as though they had been shaped the day before and left out to dry.  They were totally tangled and impossible to manipulate around a fork.  There was no sauce or flavor to the dish overall, except the pork was moist and tasty.  Service was pleasant but pretty lacking in actual skills despite a half empty room.  We had to ask for the check three times, and nobody inquired how we were doing during the meal (or commented on the meat piled on the side of the plate).
Stopped in here for take out because I've been anxiously awaiting the opening.  I love Thai food and its severely lacking in Philly.  I can only comment on the pad see ew, and it was pretty tasty.  It was different than other restaurants, not as much sauce, and it was much lighter.  While I appreciate that you could really taste the ingredients, a little more sauce would have been nice.  I only stopped in, but I was surprised at how small the interior is.  Also, there's not really a place to wait for your take out order so I was awkwardly standing among the tables and people eating.  I will definitely be back to try some more items, I have high hopes that this will be my go to Thai place.
They were getting bad reviews at first, but hey when you first open you have to work out the kinks right?

For 9.99 at lunch you get choice of appetizer or salad and soup, and your entree. I had the fried tofu, tom kha gai and ginger chicken. 

Everything came out piping hot, I mean the soup was so hot it needed to cool off for like ten minutes, but i'd rather have nuclear hot than lukewarm!

My fried tofu was awesome and delicate. It wasn't greasy at all.

The ginger chicken was also served piping hot and super fresh. You could smell the ginger and aromatics! The veggies were all fresh you could just tell. The flavors were great and the rice was perfect, not mushy at all!

Its in my hood and I will definitely be back....plus if you have foursquare on your phone you get a free dessert at dinner
Stopped in with some family and had a veritable feast!  The papaya salad was crisp and fresh, with a hint of lime. Also had a squid appetizer, which was delicious and tender. We shared four entrees between the five of us, and each one had its own flavor and spice was well balanced. 

For dessert we had mango sweet rice, which was absolutely perfect. The mango was perfectly ripe and the rice was sweet without being syrupy. All in all a great experience.
I rarely order pad thai at Thai restaurants since it seems so generic, but the pad thai here is to die for! Seriously delicious, the noodles are cooked perfectly and not overdone (which often happens at thai places). The green curry is also delish. Level 3 spiciness is not crazy hot, so I recommend if you like some heat to go for it. Great BYO and never too crowded.
Was supposed to get a drink with a friend but Cambridge across the street was excessively packed Friday evening. 

We both instantly smelled the thai spices outsite Sawa and decided to go in and split some goodies. 

I LOVE Thai food-probably my all time favorite cuisine. So naturally, I'm a little more picky because I've tried a lot of it. (Ugh, yes, Thailand is on my list of places to travel!)

We only split a Panang curry and it was good! Personally, I wish it was a little more creamy (more coconut milk) not to reduce the spice level, but to just add some richness. It was a good portion to split since we got two rices. 

Service was great! We were seating immediately and given recommendations. Food came out at a decent speed (not too fast where it's weird or not too slow). 

I would visit again and sit outside with a bottle of wine!
Food is good. Curries are good. Massaman Curry is the best. 

Also, the lunch deal at 9.99 is a good value, but dinner prices are a little expensive. 

I always order takeout, so can't say much about the service.
Awesome thai basil fried rice.

Awesome pad see ew

Awful wings. Soggy and blah, avoid this one, stick to the Thai classics. 

Awesome server on the night of Feb. 25, 2015 - someone didn't show up so it was a one man show, and he killed it. 

Will definitely be back.
I tried Sawatdee because I'm new to the neighborhood and was blown away! Their thai food is authentic, fresh and delicious. The restaurant is small and tables are close together, but the service is very good and I will definitely be going back again soon to eat there or for take-out. Prices are reasonable too. Only $3.95 for a bowl of soup--all of which are delicious! Beware, though, spicy means SPICY.
What a lovely restaurant. We needed dinner for several people within a few minutes notice. I ran inside and asked for recommendations of meals that would accommodate interests of people I did not know well. The staff gave me great suggestions.  I needed some things that did not include meat or eggs and the staff customized some of the menu to give me great meals that were vegetarian and vegan.  We had a curry, pad thai, a vegetable/tofu saute and sticky rice with mango. for appetizers they customized the spring rolls for us!  

The location is convenient for a lot of neighborhoods. They allow take-out. They have a lovely interior with outside seating as well.  Prices are in line with others and the menu is very good.
DEEEELIISSH! Everything is amazing and the service is great. The restaurant is teeny tiny so it's a good idea to call ahead, especially on weekends. They only seat you if all of your group is there--but if it's not busy they have been flexible. (Tell your chronically late friends to hurry up.) And BYOB!
I love Thai food so much and was so excited by the opening of this place since its close to where I live and honestly have not found a decent Thai place in center city yet. Why, with all the great food in this city, is it so hard for me to find good Thai?! 
Anyway, this place is just OK. Not bad but not spectacular either. I like to judge places based on how they prepare my favorite dishes, and their Tom kha gai was less than spectacular. 
I have come back here a number of times and I've had several other dishes here including the massaman curry and the pad see ew which were good, but again just not as authentic or rich in Thai flavors as I would like. 
The service was a bit slow at first but again that is expected when you are just starting up.
The dining room is small and on a busy night does feel quite cramped. 
The lunch special is definitely a great price, so that's a bonus.
Overall -- not bad but there are better places to get Thai in the area.
Delicious Thai BYO with fast service.

I walked in recently on a Sat night for dinner.  The place was fairly busy, but I was able to get a table right away without reservations.  The pad thai was delicious, and I was able to get it with duck, which I've never had as an option before.  The duck was well cooked and extremely flavorful and the pad thai was perfectly cooked as well without being too dry or oily, as I tend to find with most places.  I also tried the Pad Kee Mao, which were wider, flat noodles sauteed with Thai basil, bell peppers, garlic, chili and duck.  This dish was also fantastic.  The flavor of the spices and the basil went so well together.  

This is definitely one of my favorite places in the neighborhood for THai.
Friendly and family owned. Worth trying...i thought the soup was good! it's a good addition to the neighborhood.
We adore the Sum Tom (Thai papaya) salad here - If you've never tried this Thai staple, give it a try sometime! Perfect lime/salt/sweet combo. So refreshing on a hot summer night!
Their Panang Curry is also really delicious! 
Thanks, guys!
Went to Sawatdee on a Saturday evening. The service was good, the food I had (sorry I don't remember the name), was made to perfection. So was my husband's and the appetizers.

The atmosphere of the place is great, somewhat intimate. The service was excellent and the waiter very useful in helping us choose (unlike other pushy ones who want to make you get the most expensive item in the menu). His suggestions were great and to our taste.

The prices of the food were very reasonable. Are there other Thai places who offer the same or better? Sure. Sawatdee can compete with other Thai places. Good service, good food, good atmosphere and a reasonably priced menu. It's a winner in my book.
I love love love this place. It's by far my favorite Thai place in Center City, and I eat a lot of Thai food. The staff couldn't be nicer, and it's a pleasant atmosphere for a casual dinner. It's also a nice spot to sit outside when it's warm. Great for take out or eat-in. You must go to Sawatdee!
Cozy Thai BYO whose opening probably doubles the number of Thai restaurants located in Center City. I like how pretty much every order is customizable based on what meat you want, and there are quite a few Thai dishes unfamiliar to me that sound pretty interesting. However, a long wait even with a reservation and really frazzled and scattered service, though understandable since they just recently opened, make me hesitant to go back soon. 

We ordered the following, and they were all solid, albeit in moderate portion sizes: 
- Satay-Gai: Moist grilled chicken skewers marinated in coconut curry; I enjoyed the sauces they came with (peanut sauce and cucumber relish) 
- Gaeng-Phed-Ped-Yang (duck curry): a sweeter curry that had a spiciness level of essentially zero. I usually expect a little more heat in my curries, but the duck was tender and I liked it anyway
- Pad-Nor-Mai-Kung (stir-fried shrimp and bamboo shoots in chili garlic sauce): also a dish on the sweeter side, despite the fact that the sauce is chili-based, almost like a sweet and sour sauce 
- Vegetable Pad-Thai-Gung: your standard pad thai dish, but I liked how they didn't skimp on the veggies - broccoli, cauliflower, carrots, bean sprouts, etc. 

I guess a recurring theme with our dishes makes me think that there is that there is probably nothing remotely spicy on the menu, but everything was tasty (and I think even average Thai food is still pretty darn good). Nothing stood out for me as exceptional, but I'm glad more sit-down Thai options have opened up - for now, in its first few weeks of operation, Sawatdee requires a very patient customer.
pretty decent Thai.

i should say, i have a VERY high bar for Thai food, but have been separated from my Thai food restaurant of choice by about 350 miles. 

The curries - green, red, yellow, etc, are uniformly good. you can't miss with getting any of those. i will agree that the rice portions for take out are absurdly small. 

the pad thai is okay - they are a bit stingy with the meat. overall, it's a bit too dry for my taste (i like my pad thai to be a bit saucy). again, for take out, the portion is a bit too small for the price i'm paying.

we mostly get take out here but we did eat in one time - the decor is pleasant (albeit VERY green) and wait staff was decent. 

a nice neighborhood joint, but it won't change your life.
This is the best Thai place within close proximity to our apartment. Though we've been ordering takeout and eating here for years, it's as of recently that I truly appreciate what a gem it is. I had surgery a couple of months ago. Sawatdee's broths were my savior during the two weeks when I could only have liquids. I'm now on a very modified diet during several months of recuperation. Everyone at Sawatdee has gone out of their way to accommodate my needs and requests. Thank you Sawatdee!
Totally decent Thai place. I love the ambiance, it's cute and small (and bright green). Plus, it's BYO which is a big plus. The Tom Yum was delicious, and the deserts were really good (sticky rice and poached banana in coconut milk- get both). The main courses were just average. But, definitely not bad. 

It's worth a try, and I'll come back if I'm looking for a Thai place in t he area. But, it's not my new go-to.
I'm not sure what some other people are tasting, but this place was pretty great.   It is small, cozy and built around the food, plain and simple.  The staff is very friendly, and it is BYOB. We brought a Nigori sake (yes, I know that's Japanese, not Thai) and the server didn't hesitate to bring us a chiller when asked.  

I recommend getting an appetizer AND entree, certainly not because of portions, rather both were so good I wouldn't want to limit myself to just one or the other.   I've always said that a Thai place is only as good as its Pad-Thai and this place delivered.  The Pad-Thai-Gung with chicken was perfectly nutty, full of flavor, very fresh and very filling.  By default it comes with shrimp.  The Por-Pish-Sod appetizer was REALLY tasty and somewhat unexpected.  Freshness of ingredients is truly a mainstay here, and the combination of crunchy and sweet with crab and warm Chinese sausage.... I'm making myself hungry again.

My date started with the Por-Peah-Taud, great if you're looking for a more traditional spring roll and great to share.  Her entree, the Pad-Kee-Mao-Gai was fabulous and I can't say that I've ever had it before at any other Thai place, so the bar has been set rather high.

For two apps and two entrees the final bill was only $36.  My delight with the final bill certainly prompted a nice tip, and all in all I really felt like I got more than my money's worth.  A place with similar quality food in Rittenhouse or Olde City might have cost twice that.

As a resident of the Graduate Hospital neighborhood, I can say I was happy to see things shaken up a bit (this place was formerly a Mexican place across the street from another Mexican place) and now ecstatic knowing it's so good!
This nuclear green Thai restaurant may burn retinas but not tongues.

Inside is always clean and very quiet.  I like sitting outside more, staring at the awkward Mayan restaurant across the street.  Anyway, I digress.

I'm not sure why Thai is always an expensive Asian food, but this is not more expensive than the others in the area.  The Baa Mee Dang noodles are pretty good but I've asked for VERY spicy the last two times and I'd say I got a meal that's around a 5 on the hot meter  (If you have had Mac's Tavern WTF wings, I consider those an 8-9)  (Jungle Curry at Pad Thai with 4 peppers is around a 7).  If you like certain food spicy, like I do, you may be bummed by this but at least the meals are tasty.  

Overall, good stuff.
I've dined in and had delivery and both were excellent experiences.

My favorites are the the thai coconut soup, the chicken skewers, and the tofu pad thai.  Decent portions for the price and so fresh.  Grab this on a cold day and warm your insides, you won't be disappointed!
It's sad when a place earns a one star not due to its food per se, but due to incompetence. It was an easy order: red curry with shrimp and tofu and pad tay with shrimp and chicken. We asked for the pad tay to be medium. 20 minutes and $30 later we arrive at home only to find the following:

1. A tiny serving of rice. It was so small we thought it was a mistake. My 3-month-old daughter could fit more rice in her hand. In fact, all the portions were really small.

2. The pad tay was insanely hot. Like someone put it on maximum.

3. The red curry with shrimp and tofu had no shrimp. Yep, no shrimp.

And the kicker, when I got home and called them the person on the phone spoke no English.

So no, I won't be going back here any time soon.
I cannot explain the excitement I felt when I found out there would be a new Thai place at this location. Living a block away, and craving Thai between three and five times a week, I was always forced to get delivery from Smile (not bad, but nothing to write home about) or settle for something else.

I have yet to dine in the actual restaurant, which I hope to do soon, but have gotten take-out several times. Every single time the food has been fresh, tasty and seasoned perfectly. 

The staff is very friendly, the prices are super reasonable (wish I were in the city during the week and could take part in their awesome lunch special!) and the food is always ready when they say. 

I've heard rumblings of a new Thai place to replace the old and now-closed Warsaw Cafe, and will have to try that one out when it opens. It will definitely have a hard time topping Sawatdee!
Work that $10 lunch special, people. Get the Tom Yum Gai over the Tom Khai Gai soup. 

I thought I could be taking a risk by ordering the tilapia, but it was beautiful. There are 2 preparations of pan fried tilapia, I went with the Choo Chee Pla, more coconut milk plus 3 little pieces of baby bok choy. My piece of fish was crispy and tender. The sauce was delicate and totally different from the curry. To include this in the $10 prix fix is a total steal.
This place is good but not great. Do you want a restaurant that will satisfy your hungry but not allow your taste buds the feeling of excuberance? then this is a perfectly fine restaurant. Don't get me wrong, the food was good but it lacked the certain panache is was hoping for. For example, the Red Curry; overwhelmed by just hot pepper and chili (I didn't order thai spicy if you were wondering), weak flavor of coconut the curry was a little watery. Now it certainly wasn't the worst, but not close to being the best either. 

Try the restaurant, you'll like it but you won't be blown away.
One of the BEST Thai places to eat!!! The food is great and the people are even better!
I went here recently on a Wednesday night, not sure what to expect.  The thai places in this city can be hit or miss, and beyond Circles, I'm not the biggest fan of many of them.  However, Sawatdee made me very happy.  The interior is a beautiful green color, and very warm and inviting.  We arrived at around 6:30 / 6:45 for dinner - with our own beer (BYOB).  We were seated right away, however about 15 - 20 minutes after we arrived, almost all the tables were completely filled.  They stored my friends stroller in the back for them, and provided us with a high chair for the wee one.  The appetizers we chose were all exciting (I ordered the vegi spring rolls, my friends the shrimp spring rolls).  I ordered the pad see ew - and it was DELICIOUS.  The vegis, the egg, the noodles.  All of it - GREAT.  My friends seemed pretty happy with their pork and chicken dishes also. The service was great, the food was delicious and very inexpensive, and overall provided for an awesome experience. I was pretty darn happy with the whole thing.  Can't wait to go back and try other options!
I must have gone to Sawatdee on an off day. i'll have to give it another go, but my first meal here was not the best. Pad thai noodles were... linguine noodles.  Maybe they ran out?  My salad was salty and overly-seasoned...I took a few bites and then called it a day.

Left the restaurant feeling hungry for thai food.
Love this place!! The red curry and green curry are both amazing, very cute little place, and good service. Looking forward to going back.
Great byob that's on the smaller side (what you see from the window is what you get), with some great dishes, that you can turn into a great next day leftover by ordering a side of glass noodles or extra rice.  Waitstaff is very friendly and helpful.
Our favorite neighborhood restaurant in an area with tons of great food . Delicious and fresh Thai food. Late Night Noodles are yummy! BYOB and reasonable prices and good service !
This place is a neighborhood staple in grad hospital. It has the feeling of being locally owned as well which is a plus. We came and sat outside and it was a lovely experience. It's a nice block to enjoy people watching and the activity of the block. The service was also fairly attentive. 

We got the pad thai and the ahi tuna special. The pad thai was delicious and what you would expect from a thai restaurant. The ahi tuna was simply delicious. Our waiter had recommended it and it definitely didn't disappoint. 

Overall this is a cute local place that you can feel good about supporting. The food, vibe, and value also add to the charm. I'll happily be returning to this place.
A friend had raved about Sawatdee so when we had a hankering for Thai on a rainy Friday night, we decided to give take-out a try. Thanks to a Yelp review, we thought to call and ask if they had any dumpling specials - oh em gee the Panang Curry dumplings were one of the best Thai food items I've ever eaten. Holy cow. We also had the Pad Thai with chicken and the Ba Mee Moo Dang (egg noodles with mustard greens). The Pad Thai was excellent as well, but we really didn't like the Ba Mee Moo Dang. Definitely a great Thai spot..and BYO, too, for those who want to dine-in!
I'm not sure whether I just ordered all the right things, or if this place is really so fantastic, but I had a great dinner here! It's small and noisy (that might have just been our table, though), cute, with cheery bright green walls. It's 4.5 stars, but I'm rounding up. Probably because of the green walls.

Started with the Tao-hoo-taud, crispy fried tofu that was light and the perfect texture, served with a peanut sweet and sour sauce. Loved it. The Tom-kha was a bit different than I'm used to. The broth was perfectly white, with vegetables, coconut milk, lemongrass, galangal, kaffir lime leaves, and mushrooms. Not at all spicy, but really flavorful. Had the Pad-kee-mao-gai for my entree, and it was crazy delicious. Stir-fried flat noodle with veggies, bell peppers, thai basil, garlic, and chili. The sauce was ridiculously flavorful. I should've asked for it spicy, but didn't, so I added chili powder, and it was perfect. I think I could eat that once a week for a long time.

For dessert, we had the Mango with Sticky Rice and the Thai Custard In Asian Pumpkin...apparently that's what they call kabocha squash. Whatever they want to call it, it was tasty and different and quite enjoyable.
My fiance and I needed some dinner one night when we were leaving an appointment leading up to our wedding, so I thought of grabbing some Thai takeout on our walk home, since Sawatdee is right on our way. They had some items I was familiar with and some that I wasnt, so we ordered a mixture to cover all of our bases. I fell in love with Thai curry while in Bangkok a few years ago, so I had to order some green. We also ordered green papaya salad, Tom Yum soup and Khao Pad Ka Prao Gung, or Thai basil fried rice with pork, peppers, onions, scallions, and eggs with chili garlic sauce.  

The food definitely needs a bit of improvement, well at least the take out side does. The flavors were good, but the flavor just isnt deep enough. There isnt enough seasoning and the dishes just arent spicy enough. I know they probably tone it down to make it more approacahable for the non-Thai customers, but thats the beauty of Thai food, the sweat on your upperlip, hot flash kind of heat. It doesnt burn deep, but it definietly leaves your mouth tingling and makes your body temperature rise a few degrees. It was a common theme through all the dishes. The flavor was good, but not enough seasoning or heat in the curry, papaya salad, or the Khao Pad Ka Paro Gung. The best executed of the dishes was the Tom Yum soup. The traditional sour and spicy flavors were there, again the heat was a little lacking, but it wasnt as missed in this soup. 

This was actually some of the better Thai food I have found in Philly so far. It still isnt up to snuff in my opinion in terms of where the flavors should be, but it was a pretty decent effort. Sometimes I wonder if it is because of the lack of Thai population in Philadelphia. I would order from there again, and I definitely want to check it out in person and see if it might be better when not ordering take out.
Discovered Sawatdee during lunch the other day and was instantly a fan.  Their lunch special is ridiculously cheap and quite good.  Three courses - $10.  Plus - this is legit good thai food...not greasy, no soy sauce, real spices, real goodness.  Plus it's BYOB - who doesn't love that?!  

The place is remarkably clean.  That's the first thing I noticed - clean dining area, clean bathrooms, bright green painted walls...clean clean clean!  

Lunch special was great - 3 courses, entree served with soup & choice of salad or appetizer.  I had a delicious cabbage salad with lime dressing and crushed peanuts on top - really refreshing, really tangy, quite good.  I then had tom kha soup (coconut milk base) with veggies - tangy with creamy coconut milk - with big chunks of vegetables was delicious.  My friend had the dumplings and the tom yum soup, clear broth with more spiciness to it - very very good.  For entrees he had the drunken noodles with chicken and I had chicken pad thai.  Both were great.  Very good flavors, not too greasy, nice-sized portion, tasted fresh and yummy.  
 
I think I just discovered my new thai eat-in or take-out spot!  Yay!  Can't wait to go back for BYOB dinner!
I went here for dinner with my girlfriend and we shared the pad see ew with duck, which was special on the menu that night. I'm used to duck that is fatty, excessively chewy and dry, while this was tender and perfectly cooked.  The service was friendly and the waitress playfully egged us on to finish our double bottle of wine, topping our glasses off as she did so.  Mind you,  we were the last people in the restaurant and 
any waitress that can fake being funny and excited at the end of their shift isn't really faking it- they just are! The dining space was small but cozy, with tasteful culturally expressive contemporary decor.  

P.S. Just went to My Thai before posting this and Sawatdee is definitely better.
Definitely more authentic flavors I've had since arriving in Philly. Moderately priced, portions are generous and on a summer night, a very cool BYOB perch to people watch from.
First time I've had Thai, so i didn't know what to expect.  My wife and I went on Saturday around 9:30.  There were still a good amount of people in there.  Sawatdee is small but very welcoming atmosphere.  We got a table immediately.  We brought a few six packs (we didn't quite finish them) and were given a big bucket of ice by our waiter.

Service:  The service was decent  It's a small place, so they had one server.  He seemed very pre-occupied and busy, but he did have a few good recommendations and was generally attentive.  

Food:  the food was great.  We started with the Ka Nom Jeeb (fried dumplings) which my wife loved, and Gung Sarong, which are delicious and hot shrimp in a pastry shell.  There's a big list of apps, salads, and soups to choose from.

I got Khao Pad Poo for my entree, and it was the highlight of the meal for me.  I am 100% getting this again.  Their official menu description is "Crabmeat fried rice with garlic, tomatoes, onions, scallions and eggs", but that description doesn't quite capture how good this meal was.  First off, i was given a choice of how spicy i wanted it; i could choose from 1-3, 3 being the spiciest.  The waiter told me 2 is close to a "srichacha" spiced meal, so i went with it.  His assessment was spot on.  Not too spicy , but a good lil kick after each bite.   The crabmeat was excellent and every bite had a piece in it.   

My wife got a salad; i forget which salad, but she was happy with it, although she loved my dish a lot more.

We've lived in the area for 3 years but never visited Sawatdee, and i'm glad we did.  We will definitely be going back!
It's my first night in my new apartment. Starving, after major motion. I have two tests for the "authenticity" of a Thai restaurant. First test: When I enter, are my nostrils piqued by the smelling salt-like bite of burning fish oil. Few and far between Thai/US restaurants pass this first test. Second test; How is their Tom Ka Gai (coconut curry soup with chicken and mushrooms)?. Sawatdee passed the second test with flying colors, no soaring colors. I can't remember a better bowl than this! [I've returned twice since then and my theory about Tom Ka Gai being a reliable measure of a Thai restaurant's quality bears out.] 
My unperturbed nostrils and wallet insisted I only give the restaurant a 4 star rating. The rest of me keeps coming back for more! Love their food.
Pretty good Thai food, nice atmosphere, it wasn't crowded on a Wednesday evening but it wasn't empty either. Tables are kind of close together so if it was crowded it could be a little uncomfortable. Service could have been better but overall it was a good dinner and I will definitely be going back.
Food is good but the portions are way too small compared to other Thai places. I think their green curry is probably the best in the city. The papaya salad was not that great, way too much dressing and small.
Excellent food. Attentive service. Owners are from Bangkok so they know what they're doing. Can't go wrong with anything on the menu. If you like it spicy don't be afraid to ask!
Delicious Thai food and cozy spot. It's byob. Everything that we have tried there is really tasty.
This restaurant serves a fresh Thai food, clean and friendly staffs. This place maintain high standard of cleanliness and high quality food. We fall in love with this one dish called "Pred Rad Prik" so basically duck with sweet and spicy sauce with baby bok choy on the side. I think this dish is the best we ate in ANY Thai restaurant. Please try this dish if you come here. Definitely worth trying this place!
I was not best thai restaurant but the food was fresh and good. All workers were very kind.
I love this place!  I had chili basil flat noodles, they are delicious, chewy noodles, tender beef, a lot of flavor!  I also had tom yam kum with shrimp, it was spicy ( I asked for it) and broth was yummy.  I tried their red curry also, and chicken coconut soup, they are definitely tasty and portion is very generous.  The only problem of this place is that I want to come back everyday, and I can't stop eating it even after I am very full.
It's a cute little place on south street. One of the best Thai food I've had, (and I've been to Thailand). We ordered the chicken salad as an app, it had a yummy tangy and crunchy taste infused with thai herbs like basil and lemongrass. The bamboo shoots with chicken I ordered as my main meal was also memorable. Will definetly go back.
Had the complete joy of tasting a sample of their food during Bloktoberfest! I adore Thai food, and was so excited to keep coming back for more. The chicken pad thai and spring rolls were delicious!!! Will have to check out their full menu.

I'm huge fan, and you'll see me coming back!
At night, the lit pea green painted dining room illuminates. From outside, it looks like a green lantern signal. I think it's fun. 

The food was fresh and flavorful. My curry had great heat, but it was less coconut-y than other Thai restaurants, but to each his own. 

Our waiter, Harry, was as sweet and friendly as they get. Excellent host. 

Also, the place is byob, so don't neglect yourself.
Ordered take out. Food was delicious. My friend and I referred to the "spicy" options as just the perfect amount of spice. Any hotter and the food would not have been enjoyable. Seafood steam pot was great. We were hesitant about ordering it for take out but it arrived hot and was a good portion size for 2 to share. The pad-kee-mao-gai noodles were filling and delicious. Also tried the appetizer sample, which had good variety.
I'm a Thai food lover and this place food test like rubber. We waited more then an hour to be served. The waiter was rude and not organized forgot our order. Save your money and health
It's an understatement to say this food was DIVINE. Probably the best meal I've had at a restaurant in years. We dined with a friend who had a shellfish allergy and a spicy pepper allergy and the chef himself came and spoke with her before we ordered to let her know everything on the menu she could have. We seriously finished every morsel on every plate. Service was incredible, and in fact, I left my debit card in the servers book and the hostess literally chased us down the street to return it. Amazing place, I will be eating there often.
Sawatdee is confirmation that you should explore outside of your comfort zone. We already had our regular Thai place, but after last night we may have to change allegiances.

Between the grilled squid salad, flat noodles with pork and Chinese broccoli, and the mixed seafood dish, we were just knocked out. The squid/seafood was perfectly cooked and tender. The seasoning was fantastic (thankfully they ignored my request for everything  to be very spicy - it just wouldn't have tasted right with some of the flavor combinations.)

My only complaints would be not enough broccoli in the noodle dish and the fact that they don't deliver. How can you expect to be admitted into my regular rotation if you force me to get off the couch and retrieve my food?
http://musingsofafoodaholic.wordpress.com/2011/12/05/safe-dishes-at-sawatdee/

Safe Dishes at Sawatdee




Being born and raised on the island of Singapore, Thailand is just hop, skip and a jump away and is one of my favorite places to visit for its rich history, vibrant cities and of course its spicy and flavorful dishes. And so when I arrived at Sawatdee, on the corner of 15th and South, for my usual Friday get together dinner with the gurls, I was ready to be blown, away.  By the spices of course.

I order the standard Thai iced tea ($2.95) for starters, which is a strong black sweet tea served condensed milk but like most of the Thai ice teas that I have sampled in Philadelphia it is missing the combination of Thai spices, such as ground tamarind and star anise mixed in with the drink, that gives it its extra oomph.

My main dish was the Pad Ka Prao Talay ($13.95) which is seafood served in a chili garlic sauce and it was more garlic than chili. I ordered it with the expectation of having the flavors of a Falcon Studio orgy in my mouth but what I really got a cuddle fest with a good chick flick for two. It's not that the dish was bad or that it was bland, but it was just missing that bang.


Dessert made up for it as the end with their Thai custard with sticky rice ($5). The sweet smooth coconut custard mixed with creamy sticky rice brought tears of nostalgia to my eyes and scenes of the sun kissed beaches and tall elegant waving coconut trees. I think that is the true magic of food, it is not something that you not only enjoy but also have an experience with.

Dear Sawatdee,

! ?

Xoxo

MOAF

Overall Rating: 3.5/5
The food is excellent. I've been here many times and there aren't a lot of places in Philly to get great Thai Food. They get really busy sometimes and the service can be a little slow but it's well worth the wait.
Very average thai food - I'll probably be coming here a bunch since it's so close by. Big menu, has pretty much anything you'd want from a Thai restaurant plus it's byob and very cute inside, so good for a group dinner. I love that you can order online and either have it delivered or pick it up. 

It's the big blue building with lime green trim so you can't miss it. Very fun neighborhood too!
4 stars.  Great food, but sloppy service.  A "quick" lunch special took over 1 hour.  Highly recommend their spring rolls and soups.
My neighborhood desperately needed a Thai place after previously moving from a neighborhood (upper-Rittenhouse) dense with Thai eateries.  I was a bit worried about the price (it is a bit expensive for Thai) and usually find that most Thai places can't live up to the cost, but this place was an exception.  The food is made incredibly well and is awesomely tasty.    The drunken noodle is legit.  Their currys are some of the best I have had: creamy, spicy and fresh.   The red curry is the best.  Your body will be in a twitchy, coma stupor as the spice constantly wakes you up from a melatonin heavy coconut milk.  I highly recommend the Por-Piah-Sod.  It is a roll of everything good in this world: crabmeat, chinese sausage, eggs, tofu, beansprouts, and cucumbers - fine guests for a taste-bud bubble bath.
The best Pad Thai I have had in Philly. Also they know how to make food spicy a lot of places tone the spice down too much.
Dined here several times. The food is delicious! Best Thai I've had in Philly thus far. Just wish the establishment was a little bigger, it gets very cramped.
Went here last night and had an amazing dinner!! Food was soooo good, especially the fried squid and dumpling appetizers! Great location with outdoor seating, great service, great prices, plus it's a BYOB! What more could you want? Our server was the best - he was so friendly and funny (and looked just like Jordan Peele haha). I highly recommend this place and will surely be back!
One of the best Thai restaurants I have found in Philadelphia. Small space, reasonable prices, quick if you are getting take out and very tasty dishes.
I unfortunately got a terrible cold while visiting my friend in Philly. We decided to have a low key night and get some Thai takeout. Based on the great reviews we decided to walk over to Sawatdee and order some food. The restaurant space was super cute and they had some outdoor seating so we decided to stay and eat. They had dumplings on special as well as a twist on pad thai and both were delicious. The food was plated very beautifully as if a lot of though went into the dishes. It is definitely a place I would revisit... that is if I lived in Philly.
Delicious food at reasonable prices! The waitstaff was friendly and quick. Highly recommend the curry!
Excellent and interesting Thai food in a comfortable space and easy location.
Although only having Thai a few times, I'm confident that this place is pretty good... When I'm not familiar with a genre of food, I really appreciate a good description of the ingredients and their menu does well. I ended up getting the Pad-Kingh-Gai mild and the ginger flavor with the fresh veggies was great ! 

The place is small and does get pretty loud, but overall service was great.
I have been here twice - really TRYING to like it.  Having grown up in Thailand, I am always on the lookout for a great Thai restaurant like Erawan or Smile.  I will not waste my time here again.   I have three main complaints with this place 1) service, 2) portion size, 3) food quality.

1) They need to hire more servers.  NEED!  I know the two on staff were working very hard to keep up, but we waited for 15 minutes before getting a menu, and my glass was empty the entire time.  I had to ask for the check, which didn't come for another 20 minutes.  This is not a sign of poor service, but rather a lack of servers.  I appreciate the smile and hustle of our server both times, but he was just spread way too thin for me to want to return.

2) At first glance, the prices seem great- until you realize the portion size is tiny.  My husband and I were both still hungry upon returning home after our recent dinner there.  We ordered the tilapia and pad thai, both of which took up less than 1/4 of the plate.  Just not  a good value-add. 

3) The food quality is just not there, as authentic Thai food or food in general.  I found the curry watery, the fried shrimp soggy, and the tilapia over-fried and under seasoned.  The Pad Thai was actually quite good, but again back to the tiny portion size.  

You can try this out without putting a big dent in your wallet, be my guest, but in my opinion this place just doesn't stand up to the excellent service and quality at Erawan or Smile.
Our go to place on a weeknight. Always good food and good service. I love spicy and they definitely make spicy.
After years of trolling yelp to steal advice from other people, I finally signed up for an account, just to say how disappointed I am with this place. The lack of good Thai restaurants in Philadelphia is no secret, so when I heard this place was opening 1.5 blocks from my house, I was excited.

Lets just say this: even if you're a fan of bland, Americanized Thai food, you'll probably think this place is bland. Even if you explicitly tell them to amp up the spice, it's still bland.

I've eaten my fair share of sub-par meals, but this is one of those places that makes you feel like you've been robbed by having to pay for their food.
I have to give it to 'em - the food is great, despite their Growing Pains. 

The seating was a little tight, and the place a little warm (of course, this is understandable considering we went during a heatwave).

The appetizers were delightful - Por Peah Toud (spring rolls with shitake, carrot, mung bean noodle and celery) and Ka-Nom-Jeeb (chicken, shrimp and scallion dumplings).  All three in our party were feeling spicy that day so my friends ordered Chicken with Green Curry while I did the Chicken with Red Curry. They were fresh and delightful.  We all wanted more Jasmine Rice to extend the wonderful sauce, and the server was happy to oblige. 

We had three separate servers come to our table - and if you are going to be a little (just a ittle) disorganized, it is MUCH better to err on the side of over-attentive than under.  

We can't wait to try this Zagat-interviewed (but not yet rated) BYO, with it's cheery paint job and convenient location.   I'm fixin' to try their Pad Thai next...

:)
solid thai food.  they use very fresh veggies which is always worth a lot to me and the noodles were perfect, not too soggy or all clumped together in a mess.  the flavors were just right too with enough spice to keep it interesting (i.e., i didn't have to add any sriracha on the side).  my bf wasn't a huge fan of the thai green curry but i thought it was delicious--pretty spicy too.  it wasn't very substantive tho so i would've liked some more bamboo shoots and other veggies thrown in it.  

we went to pick up and the restaurant was pretty packed for a thursday night.
Wonderful Thai food and very fast service. When I went the restaurant only had a group of 4 other people inside (it was a little early) and so maybe that is why our food arrived so quickly but it was less than a 20 minute wait. The waiter was also very helpful in explaining the dishes and the various levels of spice used.
If you go you have to try the cinnamon iced tea, it was amazing!
Their tom kha gai soup is still some of the best in town. We used to be a big fan but last time we ordered delivery and the chicken skewers were rubbery chicken and the steamed dumplings were undercooked, neither were edible and we tossed. I still think they have good menu items but we won't be ordering for delivery again any time soon.
A few weeks ago my husband and I tried to walk in without a reservation. We were told the wait was 45 minutes, so we passed, but were sure to make reservations this time. 

The restaurant is very small. So my only complaint was being sat literally  in the middle of the restaurant. It was so packed that the couple at the table next to us by the inside wall were unable to get out of the restaurant without my husband getting up, pushing his chair in and letting them pass. That's not really something you want to do while you're eating, but that being said- the food was well worth it. 

Their food is delicious. Everything I saw coming out of the kitchen looked more delicious than the last. I had the green curry which was appropriately portioned and very tasty! My husband had something with Chicken that I cannot pronounce nor do I remember, but it was fantastic as well. 

I'll def. be back, but will also certainly make a reservation in advance!
Since I live in the neighborhood I decided to give this restaurant a try with my friend.  We arrived at 8pm on a Thursday, and while we expected to wait a bit for a table we didn't expect to stand at the door for over 5 minutes completely ignored. The dining room was full, but it's only about 15 tables, so not sure what that was all about.  We finally sat down with menus and waited another 10 minutes before we were greeted by a server.  I had to ask one of the servers passing by for service.  Not a good sign.  It also wasn't a good sign that other patrons were anxiously looking around for their server to come to their tables.  

So we ordered the Pad Thai w/ chicken and a shrimp and bamboo stir fry.  We specified spicy, and we received the opposite.  The food was generally bland.  The chicken was obviously overcooked (tough and rubbery).  We received a side order of rice, which seemed like it was previously cooked and then reheated. It was a bit hardened.

This is a byob, but their non-alcoholic drink choices are minimal, so bring something - anything to drink with you.

I am a huge fan of thai cuisine. Maybe I am spoiled since I've had the pleasure of experiencing the real thing in Thailand... but this was absolutely sub-par. I'm really disappointed and wish that it was better.

I will not be going back.
Cute little location serving dinner hours. Had late night noodle which is pan fried flat rice noodle with shrimp and chicken. I loved it. The ingredients tasted fresh and just enough seasoning for it to not be too salty. The wait for the food was a bit longer than expected but the servers were very nice and kept us updated.
I thought the place was fantastic.   The dumplings were flavorful, crisp and tasty.   My dinner was pad Thai with duck.   It was awesome.
This isn't the greatest Thai food I've ever had, but it's very good.  Great soups, decent spring rolls, pretty good curry (though it's a little thing) with very plentiful meat (or tofu, or shrimp, if that's what you choose).  The service is polite, prompt, efficient, but friendly and welcoming.  It's a BYOB, but the prices are still MORE than reasonable.  Basically the same prices you'd pay for Thai even at a place with a liquor license.  Filling portions.  There's outdoor seating for good weather.  And the decor inside is great, a very fun, bright green with simple furniture.  A happy place.  And the location couldn't be more convenient!
This is an awesome little Thai BYOB. I was hungry, needed to drink a serious amount of wine, and nobody felt like eating pasta. So glad we decided to try Sawatdee!

The menu is VERY BRIGHT GREEN so you'll have no trouble finding it! It was nice to visit an Asian restaurant with decor other than the standard Chinatown-fake flowers-red theme going on. Service was good - they didn't hover, but were quick to come by with water and wine glasses and food came out very quickly. 

Food was very good - I liked that the selection is a little more adventurous than the standard Thai fare on offer in West Philly (although all of the staples are still there!). We had chicken satay and dumplings for starters and both were very good. For my entree I had the ped rard prik - a delicious half-duck served with bok choy and a chili tamarind sauce. The sauce was fan-fricken-phenomenal. That's not even a word. Whatever. It was awesome and I wanted to eat it on everything. Other people at the table ate things with chicken and noodles and rice and whatever it wasn't as good as my duck. I win at dinner, and at life. HAH. 

When I get drunk I order dessert so we shared poached banana in coconut cream. The bananas were eh but I would have just drunk a giant glass of the lovely sweet coconut cream. Delish.
Crowded, small, extremely noisy.  They were out of pad kee mao. The substitute noodle dish was okay but too sweet, like a dessert, and the chicken was overcooked. Green curry beef was okay, but again overcooked. The place is fine as a backup but I don't see myself gong again soon. The search for good Thai in Philly continues.
I've been here twice so far and have had nothing but lovely meals and wonderful experiences. I was here last night for my anniversary with my boyfriend and it was nice to bring our own wine (yes, they're BYOB!) and relax. Our server was vegetarian and steered us to their special that night - a delightful pad thai curry dish!

The food itself is probably a 4/5 stars but I'm adding one because they understand what we mean when we say SPICY! Their menu lists up to 3 stars spice levels - I ordered a 3 and my boyfriend ordered a 6. Our spice levels were spot-on for the number we ordered and the spiciness itself was very flavorful (as opposed to just being hot with no flavor). If you love spicy food, you will NOT be disappointed here!
The food was good but my experience was completely ruined by the customer service. The waiter serving my party yelled at us when we had left the restaurant for not tipping him properly, when we had given him 15% tip. Throughout the meal, he gave my table an attitude and when one person in my party asked for the ingredients in a dish for allergy reasons, the waiter responded with a sarcastic tone and said "why are you asking? Do you just not like something in the food or are you actually allergic to it?" His behavior was extremely unacceptable for a server, and when we were paying the bill he stood by the table and watched us, which also was uncalled for  and out of pocket. I recommend going to this restaurant if you want to have your mood ruined by a rude waiter with an attitude (It was the white guy btw)
Went on a Friday night.  Greeted quickly with no wait. Service was great! Finally settled on the panang pla. Would rate this the best Thai food in the city that I've encountered thus far. Portions are nicely sized. Definitely recommend!
I am soooo boring when it comes to Thai restaurants - I always order pad Thai.  Every once in a while, I will attempt to take an excursion and order something else, but it always comes back to the standard pad Thai.  Also I think it's also a good way to measure a Thai restaurant.  This weekend was no different.    

You can order it with different levels of spice, I went for #2 on a scale of 1-3.  It was pretty spicy!   It was mostly noodles, with not much else involved, unlike other pad Thais that I have had.  It was pretty tasty, along with the fried spring rolls I ordered as an appetizer.  The real star of the meal was dessert though - we shared some sort of sticky rice dish.  It was like a mixture of warm sweet custard on the top and cool sticky rice on the bottom.  I loved the mixture of temperatures and textures.

Our waiter was super friendly and efficient and we didn't feel rushed at all, even though we were the last table there.  They easily accommodated our large group and the price was great!   

Pro tips: It was pretty warm while we were there, so don't dress in a heavy sweater.  Also they don't split checks and take a maximum of 2 credit cards per table.  And of course, it's BYOB.
Best Thai food in the neighborhood.  They really know how to make something genuinely spicy without losing the flavor.  Great noodle dishes.  Very clean restaurant and prompt service.  Sawatee will definitely be my go-to spot for Thai from now on!
Really great value on south street.  Solid thai food, BYO, good wings, service was just ok though.
Really great lunch special -ten bucks for a three course meal!

The dumplings are great, the curries delicious, and the staff are knowledgeable. You can't miss the green interior and the atmosphere is personal and modern. 

If you can handle more food after eating every crumb of your lunch, do not miss their poached banana dessert. Heavenly!
I love the food here. I have only ordered out, so I cannot speak to the service and atmosphere inside. If your into Thai or spicy food, you should definitely give it a try! I usually get one of the noodle dishes. Watch out because their medium spicy can be a bit on the spicier side. The options can get pricy with the protein not included in the prices but it's worth it, and the delivery is pretty quick.
Went on a Friday night.  Greeted quickly with no wait. Service was great! Finally settled on the panang pla. Would rate this the best Thai food in the city that I've encountered thus far. Portions are nicely sized. Definitely recommend!
No wait and great hours on a sunday night.  Tasty fare, fan of bananas in coconut milk and the flat noodle dishes.
