This place was really nice I have to say, I go out to restaurants just about every night and I really enjoyed it here. The only thing I didn't like was the parking-situation they've got going on, because finding parking was pretty hard but unless you know where the place is exactly, it's kind of hard to find. So I looked at the yelp reviews before going (and a lot of them recommended the Salmon dumplings) so I ordered them first with my date when we got there, they were amazing (they are actually lobster with salmon wrapped around them) but they are so good I would go back just for them. We also had the Stripped Bass Cargiaccio, which was also pretty good, and for desert we had the 'mochi' which are cute little rice balls with ice-cream in them, I had the vanilla and my date had the mango I believe, but we both loved everything, it was a good meal and I will definitely go back soon hopefully.
The Bento boxes are an incredible value and delicious. You get a lot for your money!
My favorite is the chicken katsu bento. 
Very slight '2001: A Space Odyssey' vibe mixed with some traditional Japanese aesthetic.
I also recommend the brown rice tea. Get a pot!
The service is very good and the staff are very friendly.
The place needs much more publicity! (a hidden treasure in Northern Liberties)
I think they are now setup for parties and karaoke too.
I usually order sushi from seiko and it's good. But today I ordered two bento boxes for my bfaOne had spicy tuna rolls and sashimi but the rice was very hard like it was undercooked or old. The fish didn't taste as fresh. I'm so sad and disappointed because it's usually good. Can I get a credit or new sushi?

UPDATE: The owner Kwang contacted me and was extremely kind, helpful and offered a credit. Thanks so much for the care you offered!
I made a reservation on OpenTable for 8 people on a Saturday night! At 7 pm, a nice person from the restaurant called to confirm, and when I got there at 7:50-the table was ready and reserved. This was a huge plus! Especially since it's not the biggest restaurant.

The food was delicious! I got miso soup, sushi, and a mochi for dessert. The food came out within 10-15 minutes of ordering, which is fast! Also, the service was excellent! 

I highly recommend this restaurant and WILL be back!!
The other night i just didn't feel like cooking dinner so I turned to Yelp for delivery options. Much to my surprise I could get sushi delivered!  

I placed my order through the Yelp app itself and received the confirmation email immediately.  There was a $20 delivery minimum and a $1 delivery charge just as an FYI. 

15 minutes BEFORE my order was scheduled to arrive there was a knock at my door.  I was super surprised they actually came early. 

So I ordered:
Green Salad:  nothing special but just your standard greens with ginger dressing. 

Northern Liberties sushi:  essentially shrimp tempura with spicy tuna on top. Very fresh and quite tasty.

Udon Soup:  it was a cold night so this hit the spot. What was awesome about this is the components were packaged separately so the noodles weren't mush by the time it got to me.  

This was much more expensive than your normal delivery option but a wonderful alternative to pizza or a steak sandwich.
Entrees came out ten minutes a part. We watched everyone eat individually while meals came haphazardly. My appetizer never showed up, so I cancelled it after finishing my entrée. Quality of food was good, but service was poor.
Such  a great spot. BYO...fresh, delicious sushi and sweet , courteous service. I ended up here because I wanted to take my oldest child to dinner and she is living and going to school in north  philly. I did a search with my phone and we ended up here. So glad that happened. The sushi tastes so fresh and the dinner portions are generous and reasonable. We ordered a sushi entree and it came with a fresh ginger laden salad and miso soup. Both were wonderful. Can't say enough about the sushi. So fresh and delicious. My daughter and I both agreed that we will be back. Check it out, you won't be sorry.
I'm usually a big sushi fan but the overall experience from Seiko wasn't great. We got delivery, and my meal was salmon avocado and spicy tuna rolls with seaweed salad. First thing is they got the order wrong and forgot one of the items. Once we got everything I was set to dig in, and pretty hungry. All in all the seaweed salad was the best part of the meal. The salmon wasn't so bad, but the tuna itself was not tasty and fell apart when I tried to actually eat it with chopsticks. I believe in second chances, but there's a lot of making up to do for next time whenever that is.
I had been eyeing Seiko for a while, so I was excited to get invited in to try some of their popular items. 

The salmon dumplings were excellent. It's a small portion- 2 dumplings, but they are SO good. Fresh salmon envelopes fresh lobster, its divine. 

The spicy rock shrimp were great. A perfect blend of spicy and sweet, and very crispy. 

The tuna tartar was awesome. Fresh fresh and avocado with a yummy sauce, makes for a great appetizer. 

The sashimi platter was all very fresh and the fish was flavorful. 

The rolls we tried -- the spartan, the northern liberties, and the Cap'n Crunch were all DELICIOUS! Very fresh, and all of the flavors played well together. 

The space is clean and seating is comfortable, and the service was excellent. Definitely a great date night spot!
Move over Sakura! Seiko is our new go to place for sushi takeout now. The San Maki combo is my favorite. $19.95 gets you three rolls - shrimp tempura maki, spider roll and a tuna roll. These are quality and fresh rolls that are worth the money.

They've got cheap and yummy lunch specials too - two maki rolls with side of miso soup or salad for $9.95 and bento boxes for under $15. Definitely taking advantage of this while we're still working from home.
My husband and I recently moved here from LA California and decided to give this place a try after passing by a few times on our way to work. 

The place was clean and the people very welcoming. After reviewing the menu we decided to do two appetizers and two rolls. We went with the beef gyoza and spicy rock shrimp. The gyoza was good and we fell in love with the spicy rock shrimp. The wasabi sauce was delicious! For rolls we had the Fishtown and Liberty, and we were not disappointed. Both rolls were delicious and tasted fresh! We ended the night with delicious mochi! 

The five stars we are giving is for the over all experience. The food was delicious but what stood out for us was the people working there. Throughout the entire meal the severs were very attentive and very nice. We even learned about some of the ingredients they use from Japan to make their delicious sauces. They seemed genuine and you could tell they take pride in their food and service. 

We will definitely be coming back here. This place is a keeper in our book!
I planned a surprise karaoke party for my brother at Seiko. I cannot say enough about how satisfied and happy I was with the party and the staff at Seiko! The staff went above and beyond to make sure we had everything we needed for the party. They let us set up early and showed us how to use all of the karaoke equipment, put our beer on ice (it's BYOB, another plus!), and let us hang up decorations.

Once the party started, they kept checking in along the way to make sure we had everything we needed. More than that, they kept asking if we were having fun, and seemed genuinely happy and excited that we were all having a great and raucous time! They even let us karaoke past their closing hours, and didn't rush us out or anything like that, even when I asked them if we needed to sciddaddle. At one point, the owner even went outside to recover a box from the recycling that we needed for our leftover beer, and even offered to re-assemble it (with packing tape and everything, it was in bad shape) so that we could use it! This is how kind, thoughtful, helpful and generous they are--- it hurts my heart!  

The karaoke setup was also perfect. You can download karaoke songs you want along the way, and they had 6 microphones for us to pass around amongst ourselves. They also have some fun LED lighting to play around with! The downstairs karaoke room is free if you spend $250 on food, which is not hard to do with a big group. If you are looking for a karaoke party, I strongly suggest you have it at Seiko, you will be so glad that you did!!!
Seiko Japanese Restaurant was an interesting place to eat. I went there with two of my friends around the dinner time of opening, 5 pm. The place was pretty empty since the restaurant just opened. I liked how modern the place looked.

We ordered 3 appetizers and 1 sushi roll. We ordered the Spicy Rock Shrimp, Beef Gyoza, Salmon Dumplings, and the sushi Northern Liberty Maki. Everything came in a timely manner.

The Spicy Rock Shrimp was really flavorful. The spiciness was definitely there. The only disappointing thing was the size of the shrimp. The shrimp were really small, about the size of your thumb nail. It's not the size we were expecting when ordering the dish. The Beef Gyoza was average. Everything you can expect from a dumpling. The sushi honestly tasted like a shrimp tempura roll with the sauce from the Spicy Rock Shrimp. Still tastes good, but I was expecting more since it is a speciality roll. The biggest surprise was the Salmon Dumplings. It's salmon on the outside with a piece of lobster inside. It was absolutely spectacular. The sauce really complements the fish. I couldn't get enough and we all wished we ordered more.

So overall, I would come back to this restaurant. Definitely order the Salmon Dumplings and the Beef Gyoza. This restaurant also has a coupon on Groupon!
Have dined here multiple times where it has been satisfactory, but not amazing. Today it fell below satisfactory. As we're eating our appetizers we were constantly shooing nats away and then proceed to stomp on two critters on the floor (can't confirm what they were) then left shooing flies away while we waited 10-15 minutes for the check. The bug problem is likely due to the sticky floors. Done with this place for sure.
My Seiko experience was horrible. I made reservations for January 13th to celebrate my birthday. Booked to room, gave them my card for a deposit to hold the room. A friend told there was a Groupon available. The Groupon was for a 2hr Karaoke reservation with $50 Food Credit. I booked the room the day before giving them my card as a deposit to hold the room. I had a 9pm reservation for a 2 hour room booking. I was well aware they close at 11pm. My reservation should have given me a full 2 hour but there was a party in the room before my reservation. The staff did not go down to kick them until 9:15 pm to which the finally exited at 9:30pm. While waiting for them to clean the room, I asked for my bottle of champagne to be chilled I was told I had to wait until I got into the room. Finally around 9:40 pm, I got into the room. 


Once we got to the room, we were rushed to order because the Kitchen was closing soon. With the Groupon I was given a $50 food credit. The food was bland tasteless and cold. When ready to close out, the waitress told us we didn't meet the food minimum  ($100). This was never told to me before then. 


Karaoke: We saw there were 6 mics. There was 5 people in my group. We learned that only 2 of the mics worked. Even with those two there was so much feedback we had to stand on the opposite sides of the room. The menu was confusing making it hard to search for songs. 


The staff came back to the room around 10:50pm to start clearing to kick us out. My group left the restaurant very unhappy. I wouldn't suggest it to anyone. The deposit to hold the room is still on my card. Very disappointed.
Large, tasty and fresh salmon rolls. The quality of the fish was apparent, and the lunch specials were a solid deal. Will definitely order from here again
I discovered this place after I got a coupon online through my job. It's a little far from where I lived but we decided to make the trek up on the El and try it out. We were not disappointed. Their prices are very reasonable, and cheaper than sushi places in Center City. I was expecting a lower quality roll then what you'd get in CC because of the price, but boy was I wrong. The sushi was great, and their maki roles were absolutely delicious. We also had some of their veggie tempora, which was delicious. The waiters were also very attentive and friendly, and it's BYOB. We topped off our meal with their delicious fried green tea ice cream.
This is hands down one of the best sushi places in the city. I know people will be all "blah blah Fat Salmon blah blah noob loser blah blah", but Seiko is legit. The fish is really fresh, and they serve you big chunks. They also deliver, which I love. I've gotten delivery from here more often than I'd care to admit, and even though I'm 2 miles away, they bring it to me, always with a smile. The Kamikaze roll is very good, and they have a good assortment of salads and appetizers. I love this place.
The service is beyond 5 star....super friendly....and to top it off the food is amazing...favorite sushi spot in Philly...drive 45 min for this place...it's so worth it though
If I want sushi, Seiko is where I go! It is a great value for the price you pay and you will certainly never leave hungry. I love sitting at the front window and bringing a few bottles of wine with friends on a Friday night.

Service is very friendly and accommodating and food is great. It is nothing out of this world, but it fills my sushi need!
This place was awesome! Went here one night after being out all day and wasn't really in a great mood or looking to hang out for a long time. We arrive and there is a table of 6 people leaving and they were all so happy and thankful, that I remember my friend and I remarking on it like what could have been so great. By the end of our meal we were in the same boat!

The food is great, they have all the normal rolls you would expect plus some fancy ones. I liked that when I ordered a sushi entree it came with BOTH soup and salad, I love them both so much and hate having to pick. We told the waiter we were starving so please bring out whatever is ready first we don't care about the order and he was so attentive and rushed everything right over to us. For apps we got the seaweed salad which was really good, then shrimp dumplings (which I really liked but my friend was meh about) and beef dumplings (which my friend really liked but I was meh about) - so not totally sure how to rank those. Soup and rolls were good. The ginger dressing on the salad was so good we literally asked the waiter if we could buy some to take home.

It's a BYO but since they can't sell alcohol they will offer you complimentary sake, which I thought was such a nice idea! The service genuinely could not have been better, our server was so kind and so attentive and so thankful we were there. 

They also have a karaoke room downstairs you can reserve!
I'm in the watch business so when a sushi place opened under the name Seiko I had to check it out.  I asked and apparently Seiko means luck.

This is a small room with perhaps too much of it devoted to the kitchen.  I sat at the sushi bar which gave me a close up view of all of the activity going on there.  While there was nothing overtly dirty, I kind of felt that the kitchen, especially an open one like this, was not sufficiently clean.  I could see all of the stains on the stainless steel around the fryer and hoods and while I am not an expert it appeared to me that the proper deep cleaning probably occurred less often than probably necessary.  The rest of the room has a modern clean Asian feel to it and is appealing.

In spite of the unpleasant view I decided to give the food a try and I ordered a few rolls.  I got the staples and a few of my favorites.  They were neither bad nor exceptional.  The fish tasted fresh, the rice and nori adequate.  Somehow I felt merely "whelmed" but left feeling unimpressed.

One other note.  I checked in on Yelp and the offer was a little confusing.  The headline of the offer promised "1 free entree" but the actual offer gives you a "1 FREE free (sic) entree"  and/or?in the month of December if you "like" them on facebook or twitter you'll get a free appetizer.  When I tried to redeem there was a bit of dissent in the kitchen because apparently $35 in sushi rolls is neither an entree nor an appetizer.  To be fair, the manager came over, assessed the situation and offered me one of my rolls for free.  I was satisfied with the compromise and even ordered another roll to go for a friend.  For the record, she loved the California roll I brought her (more than I loved the ones I ate in house)

Since it's the nearest Sushi place in the neighborhood and it was an okay meal I would probably go back but I would not rank this as one of my preferred sushi spots.
Good: Staff is exceedingly friendly but not in an annoying way. BYOB! Sushi is fresh and delicious - after all, isn't that what matters? Volcano roll is awesome. Not too pricey overall (you really shouldn't get discounted sushi, folks). Strategically located in the outskirts of NoLibs away from the hustle and bustle (and congestion).

Bad: Decor could use some love/borderline tacky. It's a place for casual date night, not the Shangri-La. Definitely a place that attracts locals because parking is limited. Chicken katsu should be served with the miso and salad, not piecemeal. 90s pop playing overhead (Savage Garden, Spice Girls, etc.) lol - to each his own, I suppose.

Ugly: None.


You will come here and enjoy a great meal in a casual, friendly environment. It's certainly another option for Japanese food in NoLibs.
Just finished up a great dinner here. The regular sushi meal (6 pc nigiri and California roll) was wonderfully fresh. My partner enjoyed the Volcano and I love tuna roll a lot. We ordered the fried green tea ice cream for dessert and I'm still craving it. Also love that it's byob. We'll definitely be back!
Food was ok. The problem was that they added the tip on to the bill. We were a party of 2!  Then there was a tip calculator at the bottom of the bill. I assume that they hope you don't notice that the tip is already included and then tip again on the total. Very shady. 
Also the music was very loud. Don't get me wrong, I like loud music, just not on a dinner date.
My girlfriend and I ordered from this place on grubhub and were not impressed. I got the chicken teriyaki and she got the miso ramen. They were both mediocre dishes that could have been made with more spices and seasonings. The chicken teriyaki was a breaded chicken that had a sauce very similar to soy sauce. Did not taste like teriyaki should. And her miso ramen was alright but the chicken was probably a better choice as a protein because the pork was tough and tasteless. 
This may have just been an off day for them or it was the delivery that was a bad choice. But we have experienced better places for both of these items. 
All in all I would say do not order delivery and try to stick to the specialties they make as they probably will taste better.
My fiancé and I have been going to Seiko since it was KOI. I love this little gem of a restaurant, and are confused by the negative reviews-- so much so that I am compelled to write a review myself! I agree with Lydia, don't be dissuaded by the negative reviews. Go and judge for yourself. 

I been going here for almost a decade, and I have never had a bad meal here. The sushi is always fresh, looks beautiful, and no one I know who has eaten here has ever been sick-- and that's a lot of people since most of my friends live in the neighborhood. I've eaten sushi all over the city, and I come back to this place time and time again for its ambiance (quiet, you can actually have a conversation. The quiet also makes it a great place to take a date), food quality (like I said, never had a bad meal), and price (really reasonable compared to sushi joints in Center City). 

In my experience, the service has almost always been good, and the owner waves to us whenever we enter and leave his restaurant. I've had my birthday dinner here multiple years in a row-- even using the party room downstairs once for a big crowd, and my experience was nothing like Sida's. At my parties, there was always plenty of soy sauce and abundant tea. 

My fiancé always gets the fancy maki rolls, and really likes the Sky Fall roll. The spring rolls are fried pieces of creamy, salmony delight, and the teriyaki sauce on the entrees is just right-- not too heavy, thick or sweet (all downfalls of some teriyaki sauces I've had). 

In short, EAT HERE! I don't know why restaurants on this block are always empty. I was just in here (Friday night), at 7:00 to pick up an order, and it was totally empty! WHY?! El Capitan right next door only lasted a few months and had the best margaritas in the neighborhood. Fresh fruit on the rim! They blew Dos Segudos's out of the water! I hope Seiko makes up for the lack of crowds on a Friday night with their take-out and delivery options because I would be SO, SO sad if they ever closed. It would be like losing an old friend!
Used to go here regularly. Just had lunch and the quality has unfortunately went down significantly. Enjoyed it when it was Koi, would avoid Seiko now.
If I could give less than 1 star, I would. 

I ordered from Seiko via grubhub. The order was well over an hour late past the estimated delivery time from grubhub - over 2 hours from when I ordered. The number listed online for this restaurant is not in service, so I was unable to contact them to check the status of my order. Grubhub was unfortunately not very helpful in this situation.. They confirmed my order was going to come, but couldn't give me a new time estimate, and since my order was allegedly "out for delivery" I was unable to cancel it.

Finally when the food did come, it was not only cold but completely wrong. Nothing was prepared as ordered. I will never order from Seiko again, and strongly recommend against it.
Amazing food! Our waiter went above and beyond to make sure we had a great time in the private karaoke room. Seiko is byob which is a plus! I highly recommend seiko if you are looking for a great sushi place with a fun atmosphere!
I had takeout from Seiko today and it was delicious.  I had the beef bulkogee lunch box and everything was so wonderful.  It comes with a miso soup, salad, shrimp shumai, California rolls, veggie tempura and rice.  I will definitely order from here again.
I wish I can review 0 star. This place is SICK. I found died fly in my miso soup. Waitress added 20% tip without any notification. I didn't know that so I ended up "Double tip" her. I am normally generous to pay for the good service fee but She was NOT GREAT AT ALL. Make sure to check your receipt. It was very tricky. They pre-charged you "20%" tip. WTF
Worst First Time Experience Ever!!!! Never again will we have a group Bday event here AGAIN. 2hrs to deliver our entree and meal. Horrible customer services. No water, no tea, no say sauce. The food was okay. Very disappointed and will not come back.
Best sushi in NL, you have to try the salmon dumplings. Service is great, menu changed from when it was koi, now is better.
I love this place! I got a gift card from resturant.com and this came up. & I'm very pleased that we came here! The decor is funky and modern and had nice music in the background. My husband had the rock shrimp appetizer and it was delicious! I ordered the sashmi dinner and What really impressed me was the wasabi was grated . It didn't seem to come out the tube since it didn't look like a thick clay like consistency. I began to talk the owner and asked if they had any events for larger groups. He was excited to show me their basement with tables and seats( about 18). In the basement there was a karaoke system set up in a few other languages (Chinese, Korean, Japanese, Vietnamese, English). And there was a $50 reservation fee to hold the space and as long as I spend like $250 my expense is covered (which is very easy to do) . So I booked it and had my 30th bday there and I was so happy I did! The staff was very accommodating and friendly and they maneuvered thru the party very well. They were polite and sweet to my whole party we tipped more than gratuity. This is also BYOB too. I am in the service industry and their service surpassed my expectations. And only thing I regret was not ordering enough food for myself because I was too busy singing and eating cake! But def coming here again for lunch dinner and telling everyone about this place!
The Salmon Dumplings, oh the Salmon Dumplings! It is lobster wrapped in salmon topped with a light sweet sauce that practically melts in your mouth. This was the highlight of the day.

Based on the recommendations of the waitress, my friends and I also ordered the Spicy Rock Shrimp, the Northern Liberty roll, and the Beef Gyoza. The Spicy Rock Shrimp is actually spicy! The spicy mayo sauce had a nice kick of spiciness. However, the shrimps were very tiny and hard to pick up. It was difficult to tell what was shrimp and what was just crunch. This dish was also very small for the price. The Northern Liberty roll was a disappointment. It simply tasted like a shrimp tempura roll and was nothing special. The Beef Gyoza was a nice surprise. It was crunchy and steaming hot! 

Overall, I would come back just for the Salmon Dumplings and the Beef Gyoza. 

P.S. Yelp has a free appetizer with purchase of entree coupon on their mobile app! There is also a coupon on Groupon for this place.
My go-to favorite neighborhood sushi place.  Just as good as the former Koi, if not better.  Always fresh, delicious and perfectly executed.
Had the firecracker, Caesar and the spicy salmon. Spicy salmon was good nothing crazy. Caesar was really good. And the firecracker was excellent! Very good overall. I'd definitely recommend the firecracker to anyone.
Just enjoyed a HUGE dinner via caviar delivery. It was perfect after a very long week. We ordered the volcano maki, fire cracker maki, chicken katsu and shrimp tempura udon. Although they forgot one of the rolls in the first delivery, they were so apologetic and sent another delivery out to make up for it. Everything was absolutely delicious!! The chicken katsu was a generous portion size (enough for 2 to split) and came with yummy miso soup and side salad. I was pleasantly surprised that everything was separated so that the tempura and katsu were crispy, even in take out boxes. The sushi was fresh and beautifully presented, too! I truly appreciate their kindness with the missing roll, and will definitely be ordering again, hopefully sitting at the restaurant next time!!
I went to this place last summer when it was listed at "Koi" in yelp. This is my review:

This place is no longer called koi. It's new name is Seiko. I came here for take out with my boyfriend and we ordered the spicy tuna roll, yellowtail roll, and Alaskan roll. The spicy tuna was barely edible (my boyfriend called it awful). It was super spicy and peppery as if they had dumped cayenne on the rice and fish, plus there was no spicy mayo either. The fish itself was tasteless. The yellowtail was alright, slightly better than the spicy tuna, but barely. The Alaskan roll was the only decent thing we ordered. Possibly worst of all was the rice they used on the rolls was flavorless and gummy. The service was nice enough, but I will not be going back.
Great food, cool atmosphere. With the free appetizer for checking in and some complimentary hot sake, it would be hard to complain about too much.
If I could give Seiko 0 stars, I would.
     I have ordered from this place three times through Yelp EAT215. The first time, it came 2 hours late. The second time arrived on time.  Food was just "ok".  It was good enough to order again. I should explain that this is the only place that will deliver sushi to my house.  
   The third time I ordered from Seiko, I sat by my front door and waited for the delivery to arrive.  Delivery estimate was between 6:20-6:48pm.  It is 7:38pm,  I just have received one of the WORST meals I have ever had delivered to my house.  The sushi is warm,  the cooked apps are cold.  My tuna Tartare has been sitting in the sauce for so long that half of it is cooked through from the acid.  Having some sauce on the dish might have made up for it,  but it was all in the bottom of the bag,  which is now all over my floor.  The salmon dumplings have sweated through to the point that they are mush.  
   This whole incident occurred because the driver claimed he was outside my house calling my phone for a half hour.  But for that half hour,  I was sitting on my couch next to the door.  When I finally contacted the restaurant I was told the phone number they were trying to call was completely wrong.  And the driver needed a working phone in order to make a delivery, which of course was my fault.  Not the driver who could have simply knocked on my front door....Never got an apology. Nothing, except disgusting inedible food.  Never again. If I were you,  I would avoid the headache
I am so happy I tried this place !! After 3 years in northern liberties I stopped in. You must try the salmon dumplings!! I have never had such a unique appetizer and I would come back at least once a week for them. The fish was fresh and great prices !
Loved it! Folks, please don't be dissuaded by Andi's comments. She is probably frustrated by her consistently poor use of structure and grammar in her misdirected diatribes, such that she takes it out on the restaurants that are unlucky enough to be visited by her. Peep her scathing reviews of other local business to see how she fills the joyless vacuum that must be her life. 

Anyway, fresh dishes and the miso soup was solid. Loved watching the chefs skillfully prepare our rolls. Seaweed salad was also a huge hit. Will return for certain. Thank you, Seiko!
I've been a long devotee of Seiko - even before when it was called Koi. I'm a bit embarrassed to admit that I order take out from here twice a week. The rolls are just so damn good and big and creative. If you order through Grub Hub, it always takes less time than they say.
Ordered the deluxe sashimi and a specialty roll with eel and tuna. The sashimi was fresh. The uni and bonito were particularly lovely. The roll was nothing special, and as always, the sauce seemed a bit on the sweet side. My partner was wondering if the wasabi was fresh...we haven't had fresh wasabi (instead of from powder or package) in the US in a loooong time (we should have asked). The service was friendly and super attentive.

FYI: BYOB and there is a Foodery 2 blocks north.
I come to this place in the evening and ordered the salmon teriyaki. I must say it is very delicious. It's perfectly made, it has a little hint of crunchiness which is a plus AND the sauce for it is gold. It's a high level fish. The waitress is friendly and attentive. The chefs and staffs overall give a sense of professionalism. This place must be a hidden gem. Will definitely come back!
For a sushi spot that's located in the "city", I was pretty disappointed. I ordered 3 Maki rolls, king crab roll, dragon roll, yellowtail, Scallop and sweet shrimp sashimi. The rolls were made in bigger portions - more rice than most places. The sushi all tasted the same, nothing special. Rice was dry and not enough vinegar taste. The sashimi was NOT FRESH. Especially the Scallops. I knew the moment they brought it out because the sashimi was a dark color. They also gave us the wrong shrimp. We asked for sweet shrimp but received cooked shrimp instead. The waitress apologized and said they will bring the correct order out to us. However, we waited 15 minutes and still no sweet shrimp. It was their error but still it took so long. We decided to cancel the order and get the check instead. The quality of the sushi was terrible. Overall disappointing for the price. $70 for 2 people including tips for dissatisfying sushi and a long wait. The decor was average, sort of tacky and the place seemed a little run down. Service was alright, can't complain. I wouldn't go back or recommend anyone there though.
Lived in NoLibs for years and still never ate there but no longer.  All of the food was fresh and delicious.  The soft shell crab rolls, shrimp tempura rolls, and tuna rolls were all awesome.  The steamed shrimp dumpling appetizer was tasty as well.  The server, Lisa, was extremely friendly and knowledgeable.  Would definitely go again.
I order pick up and delivery from these guys all the time and have only had wonderful experiences. The staff is incredibly friendly and the food is always delicious. The spicy rock shrimp is one of the best things I've had in the city. The sushi is always fresh and I always look forward to my next experience with them.
Order:

Miso Soup
Vegetable Tempura
Lobster Liberty Maki
      Lobster tempura with spicy tuna
Rain Forest Maki
      Scallop tempura, broiled eel wrapped with avocado and layered salmon 
Alaskan Maki
     Salmon with avocado 

BYOB restaurant, don't forget!
Vegetable tempura was tasty, but not worth the price. Unfortunately, everything is overpriced. The rolls were delicious, but noticed that the scallop tempura was not fresh scallops, but rather fried artificial crab. Overall, the food was good and the service was great!
I usually order sushi from seiko and it's good. But today I ordered two bento boxes for my bfaOne had spicy tuna rolls and sashimi but the rice was very hard like it was undercooked or old. The fish didn't taste as fresh. I'm so sad and disappointed because it's usually good. Can I get a credit or new sushi?
When I was invited for a girls night of karaoke I was excited as I have been to many karaoke places in the past and had a good time. The second I walked into Seiko I knew I was in for an underwhelming experience. Although the lead waitress was attentive I found the restaurant to be outdated and just outright dirty. The ceilings were stained, paint was peeling, and all of the furniture and audio/visual equipment just seemed outdated. I felt more like I was doing karaoke in someone's living room rather than in a karaoke bar. I think they are going for a modern look but it just fell short. I ordered a few rolls which were fine but won't be running back here anytime soon. To be successful they are going to need to spruce the place up a little.
First timer and I love it here so much. The waitress Lisa  is so adorable and happy and welcoming. Upon arrival she brought us complimentary Saki.  I got the rock shrimp which is amazing. It comes with this wasabi cream that is delicious. I got the Lobster Liberty and it's probably my favorite specialty roll I've ever had. 

Super casual. Don't come dressed up but that's what's great about it. Come for quick sushi around the corner right in N Libs.
Living in Northern Liberties for so long I've been so reluctant to try this place as I'm such a huge sushi snob. But their maki rolls sounded amazing. So I finally tried and now I regularly come on a weekly basis. My favorite go to's are the sweet potato roll, skyfall and kamikazee maki. Brb while I go order some now.
Update: just went back 3/29/19 - salmon dumplings are a MUST HAVE. You will think of them long after your meal is over. 

Possibly the best sushi in Northern Liberties! House rolls were perfectly warm and the flavors were balanced - you'll not leave feeling overwhelmed by any certain flavor. Service was prompt, as was preparation time of our meal, and the staff were kind and polite - attentive but not overly so. 

Music could be improved - it's mostly mid-2000s easy listening pop music, some are covers. 

HIDDEN GEM is the spicy yellowtail roll. Flavor and texture was perfect, I didn't even touch any sauces while eating it. Will always forever order it again. 

Overall, a great, quiet spot to get good food without breaking the bank. Will always recommend
I really don't understand why this place is so wrongly underrated! It's NO DOUBT the BEST SUSHI in town! Under many aspects: first of all quality, cleanliness, quantity of delicious fish they put on the rolls, the Salmon Dumplins are UNIQUE and I've never had something like that elsewhere...I mean, did you even try the GUARDIANS special roll? Come on people! What's wrong with you!
Being completely honest, it did happened that a couple times, I got (delivered) something that wasn't up on their usual level and I called them on the phone, of course, I complained cause I'm a huge fan of this place and couldn't see them going down in quality, they were super nice and apologized and gave me store credit to replace what I didn't like. One time one of the girls who works there drove all the way to South Philly immediately after my complain, to replace the stuff I didnt like. These people are awesome and deserve more! I'm writing this because the other day, my wife and I decided to try a different 'highly reviewed' sushi place closer to us...we ordered the same amount of food we usually order from Seiko (but spent 30% more). As soon as they delivered the bag, I immediately noticed that the weight and volume of the bag was way smaller and lighter then what we are used with Seiko...the food was "sad looking", portions were so skimpy....and yet that restaurant (I'm not naming it cause I'm kind) had marvelous reviews! I really don't understand. But every time we try a different place (when seiko is closed or when I can't drive to Northern Liberties, sadly they don't deliver far south) we endup so disappointed and say "never more!", "never more order sushi somewhere else that's not Seiko!".
$45 and almost 2 hours later. Didn't bother trying to remedy the situation and only explained because we asked. Place is garbage.
Visiting during Covid... they do have seating indoor and outdoor. The waitress (Kelly) was super nice  i recommend her 10/10. The food was delicious , i got the Sam Maki Combo for $20 and it is worth it! Prices are not bad at all I'm definitely going to come back. This could be a nice date night spot. It was empty when we came in to dine I'm but people were in and out picking up take out. They also deliver. All in all great sushi spot and they even have Ramen!
WOW! I can't get over how wonderful of an experience we had at Seiko on Saturday. I was astonished that around 5:30-6:30 there was only ONE other group that came in. 

It was very easy to make a reservation on open table. We walked in and were greatly with a friendly smile and it continued to go up from there. Our waitress helped us by going through all areas of the menu explaining any questions and going on about what the favorites were. 

It was BYOB but we did not bring anything and the waitress gave us complimentary sake! The yelp also has a free appetizer so we decided to split edamame, it was so good! It had a lot of sea salt on top of it but that gave extra flavor. I also had the crunch roll and northern liberties roll, and can say that it was the best sushi I've probably ever had. 

We noticed on the flyer that there was a karaoke room. We were walked downstairs to a room that could fit about 20 people and an entire karaoke machine. One can rent out this room and have a certain limit of sushi all while doing karaoke. Why does everyone not know about that?! 

I would say that the improvement on the menu could be a combo box for dinner, not just lunch. They do have a deal for about 4 different rolls that reduced the price by a few dollars by getting those combos. They need to advertise better because I don't think people know even about this hidden gem?!
Seiko is a small Japanese place in the Northern Liberties section of Philadelphia. The menu has an array of hot and cold Japanese options, as well as a full compliment of sushi nigiri, sashimi, and rolls. The decor is modern, and the service was good. Nothing remarkable, but a good, reliable, neighborhood restaurant.
We had the restaurant.com coupon so got $25 off $50 purchase - however, note that they add 20% gratuity. Our total bill came to $67 before the $25 discount. Two of us ordered: Rock shrimp, veg & chicken tempura, cap n crunch, spicy tuna sushi roll, spicy chicken bulgokee, and yaki udon. Really good price for the quantity of food. For two of us, there was more than enough to dine in and box some for the next day. The server was really sweet. Overall, liked the food and place.
