This is a modern, ambitious space with quite a bit of seating, whether at a bar area or at about a dozen tables spread throughout the venue.

The dolsot bibimbap (rice, vegetables, runny egg, and your choice of meat served in a sizzling hot stone bowl) was a natural go-to at lunch and didn't disappoint. It was generously portioned, whether with the rice, veggies, or the amount of toppings, and was a wholesome (if, by definition, piping hot) meal to anchor the day. A seafood pancake appetizer was also quite large - platter-sized, in fact. 

Service was friendly and attentive, and there's a lot more to the menu. I observed one patron enjoying a bowl of stew, which seems perfect for the winter months, while there are also larger plates like sizzling platters. A nice find, thanks to all you Yelpers out there!
Uhm, 2 stars for the food. The pork bulgogi was like carnitas style meat which was weird af, definitely not traditional in Korea. It also didn't have like any flavor. I also got the seafood tofu soup which was tasty, but I'm not sure if it's they use chili oil cos literally a layer of oil just sitting on the top. The banchan was alright... the kimchi way way too sour usually means it's old. Prices are pretty pricey for not great food.
Being a big fan of Korean food as well as a follower of Chef Chris Cho, I was super excited to give Seorabol a try. I came in around 8PM for dinner with friends about 10 minutes early for our reservation. We waited at the front for a hostess who wasn't super friendly. 

After being seated, we were greeted by a different waiter who came around in a bit to take our orders. He was much more friendly than the hostess and was open to giving suggestions and recommendations to me and my friends. We placed our orders for our appetizer and entrees all at once. 

Before our appetizer came out, we were given small dishes of "Banchan" or Korean small side dishes to be eaten next to our meal. The Banchan consisted of fried tofu, kimchi, pickled radish, broccoli, and chicken hot dog. After about 15 minutes, our Kimchi Pajeon appetizer came out. It had very good flavor, but lacked a bit of crispness. 

Our food came out about 10 minutes after the appetizer and all looked appetizing. I ordered the Spicy Galbi. It consisted of spicy Korean beef short rib on a sizzling platter and came with steamed rice. Overall, it was fairly tasty. The meat flavor was very good. However, the 28 dollar price point for the dish was a bit steep. While the portion was decent, it wasn't huge. 

Seorabol was a little crowded and understaffed. Throughout our meal, service was a bit slow. I had to ask for water to be refilled multiple times by flagging down our server. No one checked in to see how our meal was. However, without saying anything, the server took 20 dollars off of our bill and apologized for our dinner "not being the best night" for the restaurant. My friends and I truly didn't expect that, and it was very nice of him. I will also say that during my visit the restroom was very clean. 

Overall, I enjoyed Seorabol. I'd say it was a bit overhyped, and I expected a bit more all the buzz it gets. Food was good and hit the spot, but it's a bit overpriced. I also don't know if any dish is unique enough to not be found at nearby Korean spots. I may/may not give it another try in the future.
My friend and I visited cause we were craving Korean but we also follow Chef Chris Cho on instagram! We had to try out his restaurant.

Surprisingly there was no wait when we walked in. We were seated immediately and service was great!

We ordered the seafood pancake - which was great! I loved how crispy on the outside it was and chewy on the inside. The portion was also HUGE, which was great for sharing! The seasoning was also done very well.

Then we got some rice cakes since we were craving some carbs and I loved how chewy they were. In addition, the sweet and spicy flavor hit the spot - definitely one of my favorites.

For my dinner meal at ordered Sullingtang. I always love some soup and rice to go with any heavier side dishes - it always feels more balanced. The flavor and depth of the soup was great. I only wish I had more stomach space to eat more of the food here!!
I give this place a 3.5. I'm a big fan of the original seorabol so I'm slightly disappointed with the new location. 

It definitely feels much trendier than the original location in Olney, and the menu and interior reflects that. The ban chan feels more refreshing (lots of fermented fruits and veg), and the menu is more pared down then the original location (aka it fits on a single sheet vs a phone book).   However, there is no korean bbq on the menu. 

I ordered the yukjaejang and the bulgogi and was slightly disappointed for both. The yukjaejang broth kinda just tasted like shin ramen, and the bulgogi felt more boiled than stir fried in texture. I just feel like I've had better in philly, including daebak, and even the original seorabol. 

I have high hopes for this place, and I hope they step it up soon! I'm rooting for more korean restuarants in philly!
I am super hype that Seorabol CC is finally up and running! I've been eagerly waiting for this spot to open since the Olney location is great, but I can't say it's worth the hike from my neighborhood in the suburbs. Sorry to the kbbq fans who love cooking their own meat, but you'll have to go to Olney since there aren't table grills here. 

My friends and I stopped in as the first official customers for the soft opening and encountered very, very friendly staff. The soft opening menu is pared down (especially if you're used to the pages long barbecue spread), but it has all the essentials plus a few extra fancy Seorabol picks.

I'm a kimchi jjigae fiend through and through, so I sat down with that while my friends got the jaeyook bokkeum, which is basically marinated pork and vegetables stir-fried and served with rice, which I also love. The flavors were all there, and I honestly just can't wait to see what the full-fledged menu turns out to be. Ddeokguk? Ddukbaegi bulgogi? I'm ready!
tl;dr a trendy sit-down joint cooking up the best Korean dishes in Center City

The original Seorabol in Olney has long been lauded as the epitome of Philadelphia's Korean cuisine, but it's definitely a trek to get there. As such, I was stoked to hear that an outpost would be opening up in the heart of Center City. Seorabol Center City is tucked underneath the apartment building overhang on an unassuming residential street off Broad. But the inside showcase a modern decor, emphasizing vertical backlights along the whitewashed walls, wood slats in the entryway, and a colorful mural along the side wall. Tables are placed along either side of the entrance, while a metropolitan bar is situated in the back with white marble and subway tiles. Korean music plays softly in the background, and there is the low buzz of chatter from restaurant patrons.

During my last visit, my partner and I were able to walk in sans reservation. Service was quick and friendly. We were seated immediately, and just a few minutes later, waiters brought us out hot tea, water, and a vibrant assortment of Korean side dishes.

We decided to split the Haemul Pajeon (seafood pancake), the Jaeyuk Dolsot (pork bibimbap), and the Galbi Tang (beef short-rib stew). We didn't need to wait for long -- within a couple more minutes, all our food was brought out piping hot. The seafood pancake was fantastic, with a generous seafood filling and a nice crisp exterior. The rich chili sauce complemented the pancake nicely, providing a robust flavor to the otherwise subtle starch. While some bibimbap dishes that I have tried at other Philly establishments end up bland and / or skimp out on meat, Seorabol's had mouthwatering, sriracha-cooked rice and a large helping of pork. Moreover, since it's served in the stone pot, our bibimbap remained hot throughout our meal, even though we ate it last. Finally, the beef stew had a flavorful broth, and the beef fell off the bone effortlessly. That being said, it felt like some of the meat slices were slightly tough.

For a hair over $50, my partner and I left quite full and content with our meal. Seorabol is definitely my go-to Korean joint from now on, over any other place in either Center City or Chinatown.
Growing up, I used to have Korean food at least once a day (thanks Mom!). It's probably the only cuisine that I could eat forever without getting sick of it. I often crave Korean food, but how much I actually eat it has depended on where I've lived. A good amount during the time in the SF Bay Area (thanks to more Korean-food-loving friends), a small but still surprising amount when in Pittsburgh (thanks to a lunch spot somewhat nearby my workplace), but now, in Philly, I've been eating a pathetic amount of Korean food--I hardly ever have Korean food anymore. That is in large part to the dearth of Korean food places in Center City.

This is all about to change. Cue Seorabol. A restaurant with street cred from super North Philly, Seorabol has the most Korean feel of the limited Korean options we have here. Even the small touches of the banchan (side dishes) that are unlimited help with the Korean atmosphere. The food has been generally pretty solid. The space is somewhat small, but for a start to Korean food, I'm pretty excited about this place!! See you often, Seorabol! :)
I was studying nearby when I got hungry. I realized this restaurant was a block away and decided to stop by. The staff was very nice and the restaurant was clean and comfortable. 

The side dishes were delicious and they will fill it up for you if you needed. The menu choices are vast and there is something for everyone. Maybe because there are so many choices that the restaurant has certain meals that they excel in while others fall by the wayside. Unfortunately, I feel as though I ordered a meal that the restaurant did not put much effort into.  

I ordered sullung tang and while the quantity was good, I was not impressed by the taste. Sullung tang is the result of boiling ox tail for a long time and the taste that comes after is very rich and flavorful. The broth itself tasted bland and honestly I could not taste the rich broth flavor from the ox tail. I've bought packets of instant sullung tang before and this was exactly what this sullung tang I had tasted like. I was disappointed because I specifically ordered sullung tang here to not taste the instant flavor. 

Honestly, I gave 3 stars because the location, cleanliness and service of the restaurant was good. However, I was not impressed by the taste of the sullung tang. If they don't have the time to boil the ox tail for a decent sullung tang, they should just take it out of the menu because they have other meals going on for them.
I was so excited to hear Seorabol was opening another location in Center City! After patiently waiting, I was able to go during their soft opening. They currently have a limited menu but I was told they will have the full menu soon.

I ordered the dolsot bibimbap and it was perfection! The beef was very tender and the other ingredients were fresh. The waiter offered to stir my dish given it's served in a hot stone bowl, but I declined. I love that they brought out the sauce in a whole bottle so you can add as much as you like. Some Korean restaurants won't offer more sauce or you have to ask. My fiance went with the bulgogi and the extra sauce it came with was loaded with  flavor. He's not a huge Korean food fan and I sometimes have to convince him to go.  However, he loved his meal and said he wanted to come back (huge win for me)! The dish his meal came on was hot but not hot enough to cook the extra garlic it came with.  

The service was exceptional and the staff was so sweet. I cannot wait to come back and try more dishes on the full menu!
The FOOD: As a Korean American obsessed with quality Korean food, I give it five stars. 

The galbi is top notch for what you can get in Philly - especially Philly near city center. 

The sullung tang was the best I've ever had. 

The pajeon wasn't my fav but most restaurants only have so so pajeon. It's rare to find exceptional pajeon. Pajeon is usually ordered as a filler for when you're hungry or have a large group. And we were hungry :)

The SERVICE: was top notch and five stars. Kudos to the hiring manager for selecting and training such kind and polite servers. They stand at attention near the bar when not busy and basically are on call for when you look over at them when you need something. They also interact with class. 

Ambiance: the restaurant is causal and includes outdoor seating. The restaurant is very clean.
Wow, the service here is amazing and the food is super comforting.

I got the Mandoo and Jjajangmyun. The Mandoo was fried, not oily or heavy at all. The Jjajangmyun warmed my whole body and had nice mellow flavors. All the side dishes were great as well.

Highly recommend coming here either by yourself, with friends, or on a date for some filling and delicious Korean dishes.
Seorabol Center City gives off the feeling of being like a kid in a candy store again for the first time! What a great find on a Wednesday night of surfing where to order take out from.

Soondubu Jjigae - (Spicy Seafood Soft Tofu Stew) - Above average soup but what takes the cake is the absolute amazing pieces of squid tentacles in the soup / stew combo. As I ate the first piece I wasn't sure what it was but I said "God dam, What was That!"in my mind. Yes, I was two drinks deep in single barrel Jack Daniel's but I am telling you if you are a big fan of squid / calamari you need to try this. It is not tender but more a chewy texture but it just works with the soup. You will encounter a little bit of crabmeat, good amount of tofu and one giant egg fish ball of some sort..I am not even sure but I will come back and find out.

What the Dduk - (Sweet & Spicy Fried Rice Cake) - I was quite impressed with these as I do not think I ever had a fried rice cake before, I know quite sad as I feel like this food is a staple for any Korean meal endeavor and I used to consider myself worldly. I recommend you get an order just for the experience but when I come back I will try more of there menu and not have a repeat order. Imagine eating something like bubble gum but with a sweet and spicy tang all over...yeah one and done.

I hear this place is know for the Korean BBQ Sizzling Platters but I see a ton of options on their menu that has me not being able to wait til this COVID-19 Pandemic is over and most likely ordering again within the next month.

My one gripe though, they charge a delivery fee and a convience fee for ordering take out from their website....really bro...just increase the delivery fee don't insult our intelligence with an added $1.50 convience fee.
My girlfriend and I ordered Seorabol through uber eats to satisfy our Korean food craving. We ordered jeyuk dolsot (spicy pork over rice) and jajangmyun (black bean sauce noodle). 

The spicy pork wasn't too spicy which was perfect. They packed the bowl with ALOT of meat and made it definitely worth the price. There was bits of crunchy rice that gave it good texture. 

The jajangmyun was delicious. One of the best jajangmyun we have had. The sauce was rich and flavorful. 

They even included side dishes that one would usually get for dining in at the restaurant and a choco pie for dessert. We will definitely order from here again and dine in too.
I haven't made it out to the original Olney location due to distance so I was eager to try this place as soon as it opened up! Came in on a Friday night at 6pm and was seated right away but it filled up quickly to capacity by the time we left.

They brought out 4 banchan (appetizers) that were pretty good. The mashed potatoes with corn and peas was definitely a unique banchan that we both enjoyed. The fish cakes with red and green peppers were my personal favorite. The other two were classic kimchi and then chopped celery.

We ordered the haemul (seafood) pancake which came out after the entrees but we didn't mind. It was smaller than I expected and not as good as other Korean places I've tried. We also ordered the SRB Galbi and spicy stir fried pork. The spicy stir fried pork was so good!! Not too spicy with the perfect amount of heat. The galbi was fine too but paled in comparison to the pork. 

I look forward to trying the original location, in the meantime I'll likely be back when the next Korean craving kicks in.
This restaurant is definitely one of my favorite korean places I've ever dined at (yes, better than some all you can eat kbbq places in LA as well). We went at happy hour and the dishes that were on the happy hour menu were super cheap (ranging from 4-6 bucks). 

We ordered two appetizers and two soups. I was truly amazed at the side dishes (best ones I've ever had if I were to be honest). The classic mashed potatoes, kimchi, and broccoli were of course present. And then two of the best unique dishes I've ever eaten completely blew my mind. The first dish was asian sausage doused in a thick savory sauce and the second dish was fried tofu but it honestly tasted like fried chicken...and even looked like fried chicken. Dinner was already off to a great start. 

For our appetizers, we had the spicy rice cakes from the happy hour menu and the classic seafood pancake. The seafood pancake was delicious and they even gave us an extra pre-prepared sauce container to take home when we had leftovers (bonus points for amazing service). But my favorite dish of the night was 100 percent the spicy rice cakes. It was not even spicy, more sweet; what made it stand out was the fact that it was fried, and may I say, fried to perfection and the sauce complemented it even more. 

We then had two of the classic Korean soups. We had the kimchi jjigae and soondobu jjigae (seafood). The soondobu jigae was very flavorful and had generous amounts of seafood. The kimchi jigae came in also a huge portion and plenty of kimchi and pork! Both soups tasted very authentic and homey. 

Honestly, my only complaint is that they ran out of the jjangmyeon, but that's probably because it is just as amazing or even better than the dishes we got. I am definitely coming again to get the jjangmyeon and for the wonderful side dishes, amazing service, and warm atmosphere.

And, also shout out to the amazing customer service provided by the staff. Thank you to the waiter Jun for your wonderful service and quality conversation!
It's nice to have a good Korean food option in Center City.  I went here late at night after an event. I actually didn't realize they had a late night happy hour, and was just looking for something tasty and opened close by. It was a pleasant surprise though. We ended up ordering a couple things off the happy hour menu and a couple from the regular one. 

As someone who loves spicy foods, the Buldak spicy chicken challenge intrigued me. I knew it would be spicy, but would it be hot? It was chicken cooked in chilis and pepper paste topping with cheese to calm the heat. Yes, it was hot. Not southern hot, but one of the hottest things I've eaten in Philly. It had a nice long, lingering burn. The happy hour size looks really small, but because it's spicy, I found it more filling than it looked. It was especially delicious with my plum soju. The seafood pancake we also ordered was everything a seafood pancake should be --perfectly crispy and full of seafood and a generous size.

Service was excellent. I'm so happy there is a Center City location now as the northern one is a little far for me. For traditional style Korean food in Center City, Seorabol would be my choice!
I follow chef chris Cho on IG and am a fan. I've been meaning to eat at his restaurant and finally did with a friend. Big mistake. We ordered two appetizers (dukboekki and General chris chicken) and two main dishes (dolsot bibimbap and jjajang myun). Both appetizers were overly seasoned. The dukboekki had a very strong bean paste flavor which I found odd for this dish. This chicken was very salty. The dolsot bibimbap and jjajangmyun were ok, nothing special. The most disappointing part of my experience was the waiters. We paid for the meal in cash and was expecting change back but the change they brought was $15 less than what it should have been. So they essentially tipped themselves without our permission. Not only is the food bad, but they tried to swindle a first time customer. Not cool. Will not be returning.
It's like going back home and eating food made by your mom or someone's mom. i only eat a few dishes so i know v well what i like and don't like in a dish. sulrong tang is my classic and i finished it to the last drop of soup. authentic and delicious! can't wait to try more dishes!

we came by on an eagles sunday to find that others also had the same idea. and we thoroughly enjoyed the informal dining experience as guests and staff joined in the highs and lows of an eagles game!
Chris does an amazing job. We ate like kings, for 80 bucks. Bulgogi, bibimpap, soonduboo, scallop carpoccio with truffles... Just delicious stuff. 

You should get there while its byob, enjoy the flavors... Have some cheap drinks in your cooler.

It's great having this spot in center city, rather than having to hike to Cheltenham.

Wish you much luck here!
This place is new and I believe only opened up a few months ago. There are other locations throughout Philadelphia, but this location is my first experience. They have a good reputation so I was excited to try them out for lunch.

Walking in you'll see they have a very large dining space which is made even more noticeable because it was empty. The staff seemed a little frazzled throughout my visit and these factors together suggest a struggling business.

They weren't operating very smoothly that day, however my experience was excellent because of the attentive staff.

The staff was very accommodating in proactively replacing our Banchan, getting utensils, and offering more bowls of rice when we were empty.

The galbi was delicious and I definitely plan on coming back.

PRO TIP: ask for wooden chopsticks as noodles slide around less on these as opposed to the metal ones.
Ordered take-out today and I couldn't be more pleased! Kimchi jjigae portion was enormous, well flavored and piping hot. It was served with white rice, 4 small banchan, and they even threw in a Choco-Pie as a small treat! I really appreciate that they included complimentary banchan, unlike most Center City Korean restaurants that charge you even for a small amount of kimchi. 

This will be my go-to spot from now on!! Love love love!! Can't wait to try their yukgaejang on my next order...which will probably be tomorrow!!
I am so happy that this restaurant finally came to Center City! Looking for a Korean restaurants around the city is challenging because there aren't many. It's about time more Korean restaurants come to the city.

It's the real deal here with the unlimited banchan (side dishes), the sizzling dolsot (hot stone) rice bowls (and many other rice bowls on the menu), the kbbq (galbi, bulgogi, spicy chicken) entrees (FYI: they do not have grills here). Although I haven't tried everything on their menu I have a feeling their menu won't disappoint. The 5 times I've already been here have been great. I've brought co-workers here to try out Korean food and they all loved their experience so far. I'll be back for sure!
First time at this korean place, service was quick and friendly and food was good. Was craving soondubu - it did not disappoint hot and spicy! We also ordered the kimchi pajeon which was crispy and tasty and the ddukbokkie - they were a little heavy on the sauce with this but overall it was still good.
Tried Seorabol for the first time on Saturday and was really impressed. The waitress was really nice and answered all of my probably stupid questions about the menu. We ordered the Kimchi Pancake and each a Dolsot Bibimbap (hot). Everything tasted delicious and the service was great. We will be back.
Small Korean restaurant. Nice, fast service. The food was good and decent sized portions. The japchae appetizer was very good and big enough for two to share. I had the bibimbap with crispy tofu for my meal.  The tofu was cooked really well; small crispy pieces! 

Very good option in the city for Korean food.
Superb indoor dining experience! Plenty of vegetarian options, and the portion sizes are huge. The Korean appetizers that come with each meal are also phenomenal. Very fast and courteous service. Highly recommend!
Not authentic at all!!! Slow customer service that took 30 minutes to notify us that they don't have lemonade that we ordered. If you are looking for authentic Korean food don't go - its very much just American kfood
We finished everything we ordered. Everything was delicious! Would love to try the other dishes next time.
I'm a fan of the original Seorabol and anxiously waited for their CC location to up. I've been going here since they opened and would give the earlier restaurant a higher rating because I'm a huge fan but unfortunately feel that the quality has gone down.

-What the Dduck: a really good spin on ddokbokki. We love the chewy rice cakes and the flavorful sauce. It's a great deal during HH
-Kimchi Pajeon: it used to be one of our favorite dishes that we always ordered but we've noticed it's gotten smaller and less crispy. Still a good appetizer.
-I enjoyed all their soups and stews. They're flavorful and a
-The SRB Galbi is very pricy for a decent portion. The meat is higher quality which semi justifies the price tag but just barely

The biggest bummer has been the Bibimbap. The first times it was delicious, fresh, and crispy on the bottom (for Dolsot). The last three times we have been we notice that the side of rice we get with some dishes is very soggy/mushy. This makes the bibimbap very soggy and impossible to get the crispy crust in the hot stone. 

Seorabol used to be one of our go to favorites in CC for Korean food but the past couple times have made us a little less confident in the kitchen. Hopefully things will improve and the quality will rise again.
This is a really cool spot for a casual lunch or dinner  and some darn good food. I came here for an early dinner on Thursday with my wife. The place has a modern but casual design. There is a spacious seating area with about 20 tables. There were Happy Hour drink and food specials, which was cool. We got the beef dumplings and spicy chicken for appetizers, both on the happy hour special menu. The spicy chicken was more sweet than spicy and tasted like sesame chicken. My wife didn't like the chicken, but I did. We both didn't care much for the dumplings. They were cooked well but the stuffing was bland. 

For dinner my wife ordered the bibimbap and I ordered the grilled short rib. The short rib was grilled to perfection. It came with a bean paste that I didnt care for. The ribs would have been better with the bibimbap sauce. I should have asked for a side of that sauce. The ribs came with white rice which was cooked perfectly. My wife loved the bibimbap in the sizzling bowl. I tasted it and it was delicious. 

The stars of the show, though, where the several sides they served before the entrees. The kimchi, hotdogs, and tofu were killer. And they keep refilling them upon request. 

Overall, we really enjoyed our experience. The prices are good and the portions are good. The service was also topnotch. They have a full bar, including sake, which is cool. I recommend this place.
I ordered takeout via Ritual for lunch. While I was only in there for a minute or two, the restaurant seemed spacious and clean. I looked around thinking I would come eat here in person if I liked my food.

I ordered the dolsot bibimbap and I really liked it! I love when dishes aren't over-salted or sauced. This came with sauce on the side and was not too salty at all. It also came with a bunch of interesting sides to eat with the dish. At $14 I feel like I got a good amount for my money.

The server was friendly and my order was correct and given to me on time. I would definitely try Seorabol again!
I like this place quite a lot. Wanted to grab some dinner with a friend of mine prior to a show at the Kimmel, and saw this on Yelp. We were in the mood for Korean, so it was great. I've been to the one in North Philly before with the same name, and enjoyed the food but thought it was expensive. The food and price here were both decent. Much smaller location, but seems more intimate and one can definitely have a date here. Service here was good, but when it got a little busy, we were somewhat forgotten. However, place was small enough that we were able to grab someone.

The selection is decent; there's not too much, and the pricing is decent. We came during Happy Hour, and pretty much ordered the entire menu. The little tapas that come out at first were GOOD.  The seafood pancake was average. We got the SRB Galbi to share, and it wasn't that special. The Buldak was HOT but delicious. Finally, the kimchi fried rice was also pretty decent.
The food here is seriously so delicious! I ordered the seafood pancake and seafood tofu pot through their new online delivery website and was surprised how fast my food came. I was worried about ordering soondobu online and was wondering how it would be delivered, but the careful packaging and the boxes won me over. I was surprised to see the soondobu full of seafood since this is not always the case at other Korean restaurants. The prices are high but the quality of food is top notch. The side dishes were just as delicious and the choco pie was a delight!
As a native Korean i had a high hope for this place but i walked out of this restaurant with nothing but disappointment. 

The mandoo gook i ordered (which is basically a dumpling soup) was just factory produced broth and dumplings from the dumpling shop by Hmart. I could have literally made the same stuff for like 5 bucks at home if not less. Banchans were nothing like authentic Korean. And like many of the reviews said, the service was horrible. My server never came back to check up on us or asked us if we needed anything. I somehow was able to get a hold of him for a check and even that took him forever. But you know what, i dont blame him because there were only 2-3 servers in the entire busy restaurant. 

Sorry serabul, I won't be coming back
After hearing about the original seorabol for years, but never quite making it there, we were so happy to learn about the center city location! We stopped in for lunch on a Tuesday and were warmly welcomed by the staff. We ordered two different dolsot bibimbap orders: beef and tofu. Both were delicious, but the beef was so flavorful that it was definitely the winner out of the two. The service was impeccable and the ambiance was great. We can't wait to go back and eventually try everything on the menu!
I'm so happy to meet such a good restaurant while traveling. Very tasty! 

It was delicious, and the boss and the staff were so kind.
My fave spot for Korean food in philly.. probably the best soondubu I've ever had in my life. Worked in philly for 7 months and tried to visit new restaurants each week but found myself coming back here again and again! The soondubu has baby shrimp, squid, clams AND meat and they give plentiful side dishes :) the spicy rice cakes are good as well.
Seorabol is now my #1 restaurant to provide me authentic Korean food that meets up to my nostalgic taste of my mom's homemade cooking. I ordered the ox bone soup with dumplings and it stayed true to the clean but deep flavor (with your own control of salt & pepper seasoning!). Truly delicious and definitely a reorder since it's difficult to get it anywhere from my experience!
This rating is a 3.5 
In comparison to the original, the service here is definitely great but the  food is average. My friend and I came here last week to try it out since we are pretty hopeful that Korean establishments will make a mark in center city. Upon arriving we were immediately greeted by friendly staff. They provided us with hot tea which helped us keep warm. We ordered the kalbi, seafood paejeon and the kimchi jigae. 
The kalbi is cooked for you and brought out on the sizzling platter. The kalbi was a bit chewy but well seasoned. The seafood paejeon was perfectly crispy on the edges and soft in the middle. I also liked the portions. The kimchi jigae was a bit disappointing. I felt like it tasted overwhelmingly like kimchi, but it lacked some seasoning. I've had plenty of kimchi jigae in my life and somehow this did not quite satisfy. I noticed the pieces of meat were like slices of meat rather than chunks like I'm used to. In general I was disappointed by the food but I'm hopeful once they figure some things out it'll be better. I do acknowledge the service was good though. So I may come back in a few months since I am loyal seorabol- original
Definitely a big fan of Seorabol - the service was great, the sides were fantastic, and the food was well portioned for the amount you're paying there. I would come back for the Happy Hour (I've heard good things) but dinner wasn't too shabby either.

My three friends and I decided to order family-style, and ended up splitting the SRB Galbi, the jajangmyeon, and the bibimbap. The galbi was by far the star of the meal and was marinated perfectly. I was probably most disappointed by the bibimbap - while it was okay, there was nothing really special about it. If you want to try a bit of everything, I would definitely recommend ordering to share; with the amount of sides you get (kimchi, mashed potatoes, fried tofu...) three dishes was more than enough for us.

If the North Philly branch is too far of a hike, I'd recommend paying Seorabol a visit to satisfy your cravings. That being said, I'm sure I'll be back to try a few more dishes off the menu!
The original Seorabol is, hands down, not even close, the best Korean, nay, the best Asian restaurant in Philadelphia. It's also a miserable half hour slog in traffic and I hate to drive.  Now it's a three minute walk so yay.
Limited menu, but try the beef tendon soup. It's like, wow.
Delicious food with huge portions! We also got a soju flight and were given banchan with our meal. Our server was super friendly. It's on the pricier side but it's because you get so much food!! Great for leftovers. 

We got the kimchi pajeon but the seafood one is really great.
This place is fire! Came from Cali to check it out after following the chef on Instagram for so long. He lives up to the hype. Spicy kimchi fried rice and general tso chicken is really good. Highly recommended! Forgot to take a picture because I ate it the minute we got home.
This Korean place just opened up not too long ago right by the kimmel center, actually sort of tucked in the back. 
I'm intrigued to see a Korean place in center city, that takes massive balls. I've been wanting more cuisines in the city other than Chinese.
Seorabol has a great lunch menu which features Korean dishes like seafood pancake, jajangmien, kalbi, different stews etc
That day I saw janangmien for 10 bucks, a pretty hard find even at normal Korean joints. Usually it's at Chinese Korean places where Mandu and champong are served. Sorry folks no chompong but there's jajangmien. Pretty good, I had no complaints, it's large, filling, and pretty nice.
The kalbi was pretty standard and I didn't feel too impressed by the amount or the marinade- I actually wished I could have cooked it myself, but it was like a standard kalbi.
Finally we had the seafood pancake also featured on the lunch menu. This was by far the best pancake I've had in all of Philadelphia. If that's your dig, come here. It's crispy, the seafood is fresh, and the dipping sauce is good. It's not drenched in oil and it's not subpar.
This place has a nice lunch menu for affordable Korean food which can get pricey at other places.
I'm looking forward to try the different stews they have next time.
Alright, aside from a good lunch menu and what not let's talk about panchan.
This places panchan- is not the most tasty nor were  they keen on refills? Maybe they were running low.
They didn't have standard kimchi that day, the cucumber kimchi is my favorite- it was not the best- almost tasted store bought. Selection was alright but it could have been better. There was just a lack of depth to it. This def the weakest point at this place and I think if they fix this, it could take this place to the next level. Also, my rice was a little dry. So hopefully they include regular kimchi and a better selection with more depth of flavor for panchan
If I could do a 6 stars out of 5 I would.
The place is clean, spacious, food taste fresh and good.
Their employees are super nice and welcome, especially Ashely :)

Even their side dishes are very fresh.

Seafood pancake - Crispy out soft inside. Prefect! 

I had a bad experience for Bibimbap before, but this place make me love bibimbap!!

Short ribs tasted good!! Just tastes like home-made

I will definitely be back to this place!
Had some amazing kimchi jjigae and it came with a to-go platter of little dishes that I'd usually only expect if I ate in! The jajangmyeon was also perfectly flavored and the sauce also tasted really good in my soup. I'm having a little korean kick lately and of the places in Philly, here, you'll get some good food even though you should expect to pay some center city prices.
This place has delicious sides (not just veggies and cheap stuff) and they will constantly refill it for you. The food portions are big and although they have a limited amount of choices they have all the key dishes you need. The service was great and the waiter constantly came by to make sure we were doing okay. Honestly everything was perfect except for the fact everything including the sides were too salty. Don't get me wrong, the food was flavorful but we were constantly gulping down our water 

This place the run by the son of the man who runs the original seorabol!
While the waiters and the staff were kind enough, the food was egregiously underwhelming. I was full of excitement going into the restaurant and I left feeling dismay. I have been to a number of Korean restaurants and have experienced A wide array of Korean food, this has got to be one of the worst that I have ever tried.  In fact, I'm not sure how the ratings got this high, but I am suspicious as to whether they are authentic. 

We ordered the spicy Galbi, the regular Galbi, beef dumplings and the general cho chicken - everything was under seasoned and just generally bad. Safe your money and go somewhere else.
It's finally here!! Though it was a soft opening, we were just as thrilled to have Seoeabol in the city! 

Its a little early to tell, but overall the experience was good, though very different eating in the center city location rather than their original location near Cheltenham. First I think the demographic is much different, from a highly populated korean neighborhood to a multi ethnic young adult group in the city. As traditional as the dishes were, I felt the dishes offered were more on the "safe side" that'll cater to non Asian palate. 

Several reasons including:
1) pan chan (side dishes) that are offered free to start the meal. I can't emphasize how much I LOVE the free sides, and the variety Seorabol offered in their OG restaurant. It typically gives an array of nostalgic home cooking. However we mainly just received cabbage and a stewed meat. Typically I'm used to more traditional sides including kimchi, garlic heads, zucchini, spinach, fish, etc. So in some ways, my speculations include that the center city location may be playing it safe with varying palates 
2) my biggest disappointment.... no DYI korean BBQ. It is already grilled for you and ready to eat. Sadly it misses the heat and juicy bite from grill to mouth - completely differently experience that is a trademark of the OG Seorabol. I did put in a request to bring the grill to the center city location, crossing my fingers it'll happen in the near future! :)

So what am I really trying to say? Seorabol is definitely one my favorite go to korean restaurants, and I recommend anyone to try! But at the same time, wishing for the nostalgic flare in the types of food offered that represent Korean cuisine like the original location they have in Cheltenham :) 
But regardless, I'll be back!
Amazing food with quality kept in mind

I've been here twice and can say both times met and exceeded expectations

Soon dobu is very rich in flavor, would head back just for this

Kalbi is juicy and the meat is tender

The budae jigae is enough for 3 people, we couldn't finish the whole thing and brought it home. It's got ramen, spam, hot dogs, and all that jazz

The buldak is spicy so make sure you got enough liquids cause I was sweating bullets, thank god for beanies, aka, sweatbands. 

Have a good selection of beer and soju to drink

Def a good korean spot in the city
This place is relatively authentic Korean restaurant to try in if you are in Philly center city. Their food quality & portion were decent. My overall experience at here was good, but I will only come here if I don't have time to drive to my other Korean restaurant (outside of philly). 

I highly recommend to try any of their Galbi dishes. The meat was tender & soft at the same time, and their sauce was delicious with a little bit of sweetness to finish up the dish. 

Their seafood pancake was okay. It was a bit bready & thick to me since I prefer more crispy texture. The amount of seafood was a bit less than what I expected. I won't recommend to order the seafood pancake from here.
After a less than ideal experience here, I am going to have to update my review of this place. 

First time round, I was really excited by a new Korean restaurant in the city - especially given the Philly has a bit of a dearth of good Korean home food. The jjigae's that I got last time were both really good (we got kimchi jjigae and doenjang jjigae) and the banchan (korean side dishes) were fresh and plentiful. 

However, I think that the work capacity of this restaurant is perhaps not enough to keep up with the demand (which shouldn't have been the case seeing as the restaurant wasn't that busy). 


We went on a Saturday at lunch time and the service was soooo slow. What was supposed to be a relatively quick meal with friends turned into a 1.5 hour ordeal. The frustrating component was that the restaurant wasn't even very busy, maybe four or five other parties at the restaurant aside from us. Despite this, the restaurant seemed to only have 1-2 servers on staff. By the time our food came out (a solid 45-55 minutes after ordering), I was getting full from just continuing to snack on the banchan. 

Pricing: The jjigaes are reasonably priced at around $13-16 but any of the meat dishes are just ridiculously expensive for what you get. We ordered the bulgogi which was like $21 but the amount of meat you got did not feel like a dish that warranted $20+. Also, the restaurant didn't have any chicken in stock so any dish on the menu with chicken wasn't available...a little disappointing for prime lunch time on a Saturday. 

I like to leave my reviews with some constructive feedback so my take is that they should hire more staff even if profits take a hit for the first little while. Having only one or two waiters on staff during prime lunch time on a weekend I don't feel like is sustainable in the long run, and will leave customers waiting and hangry. 

I hope that the restaurant is able to scale up and improve on the speed of service because otherwise, the food is solid.
Amazing Korean food. Yah! I am a fan!
I've been counting the days until the Center City Seorabol opened, as we love the Olney Seorabol. As others have written, I was more than a little disappointed that this Seorabol does not have in-table grills. Didn't love the sports-bar vibe; however, service was fine and the food was generally good (particularly the mandu, kimchi pancake, and stone pot bibimbap--the rice got nice and crispy after letting it sit for a bit).

Will likely make the trek to Olney for my next Seorabol fix, but hope it does well in this central location!
I was so excited when I heard that Seorabol was opening in center city. I loved going to the original. Seorabol did not disappointed. We started with the kimchi pancake. Perfectly crispy along the edge. The rice cake was an interesting twist on the original with the skin slightly fried. The rice in hot stone was perfect comfort food after a long day. My husband order a beef stew that was light and savory. The Galbi was yummy! Perfectly marinaded and so so so good. Food aside, service was attentive. I will still go the original for grilling the Korean bbq at the table but for my Korean food cravings, Seorabol in center city is perfect.
Delicious dinner. Was excited to try this spot out since the one in n. philly was our go-to spot for Korean food. We tried the kimchi pancake, bulgogi and seafood soondubu. The pancake was really good, thick and hearty. The bulgogi and soondubu really hit the spot. Delicious. Also enjoyed the modern ambiance and friendly staff. I would go here again and try sushi next time. It looked really good.
Stepped into the spot for that bomb ass kimchi!!! I hear every1 talk about it and  they did not disappoint! 

On top of that I got to meet Chef Chris Cho!
His hospitality of beyond 5 star!

Def going too bring my family here for an experience.

Thanks Chef and Team!

-925Seann
This place was so great. I have two difficult food allergies for Korean food (wheat and sesame) but the chef was able to accommodate. Our server was excellent. Their yogurt soju was really good too. I am used to Korean food in LA and this place was right up there.
I came to Seorabol's new location since the one down at Olney was always too far for me. Having come for their soft opening, their menu was a bit limited, yet I still got their Galbi, Bulgogi, stir-fried octopus and stir fried pork along with kimchi Pajeon. We were first given banchan and all were pretty good. The galbi was personally my favorite. The kimchi Pajeon could have had more flavor. Service was good and quick. I'd really like to try the sushi next time
This is my second time ordering from Grubhub.

Galbi Tang is my absolute favorite Korean dish. It's very comforting and I particularly enjoy it on a rainy day.

I was at first skeptical to see Galbi Tang on the menu for $18.95, the highest price point I've ever seen for this dish. Normally it ranges from $8-14. Its hard to find good Korean in the city and it was on Grubhub so I went for it to satiate my need for comfort.

To my surprise, it was the best Galbi I've ever had. The portion is large, and the quality is amazing. They give you so much meat and really thick quality pieces. The broth has a very nice bone flavor that tastes like they've cooked in bone for a while. I highly recommend this dish and place.
Thank you for coming to Center City!  It took way too long to get a great Korean restaurant in center city.  Yummy comfort food, and spicy & stinky in all the best ways!
Great atmosphere and great food! The Chef definitely knows what he is doing and it shows! Seriously give this place a try, you won't be disappointed!
Yesterday devours lead me to @seorabol.centercity Korean restaurant. Upon my entry, I've noticed that they have quite a few specials which were to my liking. I was given a warm welcome, as soon as, I walked in the door. As the hostess guided me to the bar, where I took a seat, I was given another warm greeting by the bartender. He welcomed me with open arms and offered numerous times to explain the menu to me. Even though it was my first time; and he didn't know that lol;  he still treated me like it was; which was really dope. Once I looked at the menu, my decision was made. I ordered the Soondubu Jjigae (spicy seafood soft tofu stew). It came with four side dishes which were hotdogs in Korean bbq sauce, mashed potatoes, kimchi, and sauté broccoli. They all were very delightful. The hotdogs and the mashed potatoes went first LOL. I saved the Korean cabbage and sauté broccoli for my stew. Once my stew arrived, it smelled amazing and it still piping hot from the kitchen. It also came with a side of rice.  Upon eating the stew, I noticed that it had scallions; tofu; little neck clams; baby shrimp; and really big chunks of squid . The stew was absolutely amazing; and was really beyond my expectations. It was definitely worth my time and money. I can't wait to return again to try other things on the menu. Until we meet again @seorabol.centercity keep up the amazing customer service and good eats! If you ever find yourself around the Broad st and Spruce st area, feel free to stop by and tell him that I sent you. . -Shimmy  #koreanfood #bar #customerservice #beer #hotdogs #rice #broccoli #cabbage #potatoes #mashedpotatoes #stew #shrimp #squid #clams #scallions #philadelphia #philly #southphilly #food #foodphotography #foodie #foodiesofinstagram #foodgasm #foodporn
Nice casual place and good service. Inexpensive.  But the food was overall disappointing however. 

The Korean appetizers brought out before the meal were good but boy were they tiny and scant. Not what I am used to in Korean restaurants. The kimchi pancake and seafood pancake appetizers were excellent. Tasty and not overly greasy 

Some of our main dishes were OK, but others were pretty bad. The spicy octopus was flavorful and just the right amount of heat, but the octopus was just about the most rubbery tough that  I have had in an Asian restaurant, or any other type of restaurant for that matter. The house special SRB barbecued short rib was a plate of bones. When it first came out I thought, wow that's a lot of meat. But it was really just comprised of sliced bones with barely any meat on it at all. Big bummer. The bibimbap was OK though several people found it boring.

The menu at present is extremely limited, but they've only been open a few weeks and apparently the limited menu reflects only a partial listing of what they will ultimately offer. It is certainly much more limited than what is listed for their restaurant in the Northeast. Hopefully not only will the menu expand but the quality will improve. 

I understand that a brand new restaurant can have a challenging start, although because this is an offshoot of a well-established and apparently well-liked restaurant elsewhere in the city (though I have never been there) I'm surprised the start is so wobbly. It would be nice to have a good quality Korean restaurant locally here in the neighborhood so I hope it improves.
I have been waiting for Seorabol's Center City for what feels like years and I'm so glad it's finally open! I've been to their Olney location several times and it's one of the only restaurants in the area that really makes it feel like you're in Korea. Unfortunately Seorabol CC doesn't have the KBBQ grills so I can't say the same about this location, but it IS solid Korean food in Center City so I will take it!

The General Cho chicken is a great shareable app, the seafood pancake is also a great big portion to share. I wasn't as big a fan of the fried dumplings, wish there was a steamer option. The Yuk Kae Jang is great and not something you see on a lot of American Korean restaurant menus! My only other request is where is the japchae? Love that there is complimentary banchan and a good variety (don't forget to ask for refills!) I've also had the bulgogi and and galbi and both were good (although not as good as if it was being grilled in front of us!)

Drinkwise I love their pomegranate Soju that comes in the carafe with the ice hole so your Soju stays cold AND doesn't get diluted. They're open until 2am Friday and Saturday so... Just remember that a great late night food option!

Saranghae Seorabol!
Great restaurant. Linda provided excellent service during my visit. It was my first time there and I must say that the food was delicious and wholesome. The restaurant was clean and the food was fresh. 

Between the good food and great service provided by Linda, 5 Stars is well deserved!
I went during their soft opening on a quiet Sunday afternoon and it was the most successful Korean dining experience I've had in Pennsylvania (outside of my mother's kitchen).

We ordered the scallion pancake, spicy octopus, ox bone soup with dumplings, and SRB kalbi. I really liked their scallion pancake, it was thicker than other restaurants and had a definite crunch on the outside while still being soft and chewy on the inside. 

The spicy octopus was super spicy and bright red. It came in a stone bowl and the rice made a delicious crust at the bottom after I sweated my way through the tender octopus. 

The ox bone soup was really smooth and mild. It clearly had no helping hand from any instant powders. The dumplings were surprisingly huge and very filling. 

The kalbi should always be the king of any Korean meal and the SRB version held up to the role. It was so tender and deeply flavored and was a generous portion. I'm glad that they cooked it for us because I tend to overcook my meats which would have been tragic for this dish.

Everyone was super polite and happy to answer any questions but gave us space to enjoy the meal. They were playing some old school kpop which made me really happy. Definitely some Fin.K.L and S.E.S. 

Because we came at such a weird time, we were actually the only ones there and the owner/chef, Chris, was able to come out and talk to us! He commented on our super clean plates and asked us for future menu items (I pushed for Korean desserts). It's so obvious that he cares deeply about making this a long-lasting, authentic place. We had a really good talk about the Korean immigrant experience and how much closer he feels to his parents and their history since opening the restaurant.

I've always complained to friends about how Philly had a huge Korean food void and I'm glad that it's finally been filled by Seorabol.
Today was their first day doing Happy Hour prices and portions so me and my friend decided to go in. We were seated and given water and tea very quickly. Servers were speedy and nice. The food was super good and authentic. My favorite was definitely the General Cho's Wings, the WhatTheDduk, and the Jajangmyun. But everything was honestly pretty good. Flavor was definitely on point. 
It's a great, delicious addiction to the center city area. I'm glad that this North Philly originated food is now much more accessible to many.
This is an awful restaurant. Beware!
It's not the main restaurant with the table top grills. It's is something less. 
Less taste
No sizzle
Unfriendly waiters
stay away
Yummmmm Yummm! I've been looking for a good Korean restaurant for a while. The others  I went to in center city is OK, but this place is awesome! And ban Chan (I hope I spelled it right) but there's kimchi, etc, which should be part of the meals! I got the kalbi short ribs. Some soup, I was very happy!!!
The food was incredible. Didn't have a lot of experience with Korean food but the staff was super friendly and answered all of our questions. Would definitely come back when in the area again. Probably going to order the homemade kimchi online
I believe a good restaurant not must only be good food but good service. I'm happy to see more korean restaurants in the city. Seorabol is definitely the go-to and it's in a prime location. Mind you, the food is not 100% traditional korean, but the foundations are. They serve side dishes with entrees and I see some dishes (black bean noodles) that aren't served in some korean restaurants. I'm def happy about that. Also, Happy hour is the BOMB. Dishes are like $5 and cocktail is $6. Will definitely come back. Everyone is super friendly there.
Awesome place!! I actually got to know about Seorbol via YouTube from the owner, cool guy. I got the beef dumplings, they're amazing.
This review is for the delivery option. I ordered the japchae. It barely had any veggies and the noodles were very lumpy. The spicy galbi was an embarrassment in comparison to their location in the northeast. I've eaten here twice and ordered several times before. The quality has really tanked.
This was my first time ordering from Seorabol and I had a great experience. I used to live in Korea and have tried a few different places in Philly but have heard good things about Seorabol so I wanted to check it out. I had the buldak (fire chicken) which lived up to its name and I had a promo code for a free seafood pancake. Both were delicious and were large portions. The food also came with ban chan. I'm usually not a fan of kimchee but I really enjoyed theirs! Overall, the food was great and I would recommend. I will definitely be ordering again and want to try some new items, and look forward to eating in person once things open back up!
Ate here last weekend and it was good, but not amazing.

Service was not great. The server seemed very busy, which I get, but maybe they should have more people working on a busy Saturday night. He was very hard to get ahold of. We also got our main courses about 3 minutes after our appetizer, which is so annoying when you want to eat the food hot. There was barely any room on the table as well. He could have timed it a little better. We also waited a decently long time for our check and had to flag him down with our credit card in hand. 

In terms of food, we ordered the seafood pancake, the galbi, and the dolsot bibimbap with beef. We started with banchan, which were just okay. The server did not replace any that we ate, but honestly I didn't think the flavor was that good to want more anyway. The broccoli and mashed potatoes were cold and the bean sprouts had minimal flavor. The seafood pancake was good and had a lot of seafood in it. It was somewhat crispy, but also very greasy/oily. 

The galbi was my favorite thing. The meat was very tender and flavorful and paired well with all the toppings. I do wish we got an explanation of all the different things they set down on the table, but I guess that is asking too much. The bibimbap was good, but not great. I felt like it was lacking in flavor and needed a lot of hot sauce to improve the taste. It definitely was not sizzling and the rice was not crunchy on the bottom.

All in all, we had a decent experience, but was slightly underwhelmed. I would like to try the original one, but not sure I'd be rushing back to this location anytime soon.
My first Korean meal. A little afraid coming into restaurant. Very friendly and comfortable ambiance. Quickly seated. I told fine waiter that I had no idea but that I liked spicy and great beer. He recommended Spicy Galbi (short ribs) and Korean lager Kloud. While waiting four tasty appetizers arrived, one being Kimchee, which I had heard mixed reviews about. Well, the kimchi did not have a bad smell at all, and was quite delicious, along with the other 3 free appetizers. The main dish arrived sizzling and incredibly yummy. Then the attentive waiter brought another free round of those great appetizers with a couple of new dishes.  The beers were perfect and cooked palate along with rice and three other side dishes of yummy vegetables.  Quite a successful initiation into the world of delicious Korean cuisine, at a very reasonable price.
I really wanted to love this place, I really did. I've been on the hunt for a good solid go-to Korean restaurant in center city and I really thought this was going to be it. I've visited seorabol several times now (~5, I really meant it when I said I really wanted to like this place) and although a couple times I found the banchan (side dishes) and soondubu to be pretty good, the other times I've came it was almost like someone else had made the same exact dishes but not as well. I've found the food to be pretty inconsistent in terms of quality and taste even though I think the soondubu is generally ok. But when I have gone with my mom who's from korea a couple of times, shes been so disappointed she couldnt even finish the food. I think definitely dont come here if you're looking for really good authentic Korean food but I think it's an ok place to go to if you're craving for Korean food thats relatively close by. But for me, the search & hope continues
Stopped by with a group of friends on a friday night. We started off with the korean seafood pancake. It was crispy with a nice dipping sauce. I had the seafood tofu soup, which had a good kick to it. Other dishes we tried were the spicy pork, which had great flavor. One of my friends had the seafood bibimbap and was not the biggest fan. A bit too spicy and the squid was a bit chewy as well. Overall a quick place to stop by for some Korean food in the city
Food: it was alright because I do have a better food in better place. Soup was alright not that great. Beef was good, enough favor. Sushi was ok. I don't like they put sashimi in sushi. I prefer let the customer put it by their own. Someone like me don't like sashimi would prefer eat sushi without sashimi on my sushi. I got many side dishes from different place and each has it own. So does this place. But their radish wasn't good. It so blank, no taste at all. Their side dishes wasn't good enough for my opinion. 

Service: they were ok. Come when we ask and gone.
Got some food delivered from here a few days back - spicy pork bowl and bibimbap - both were spicy and delicious! Each order was sufficient for at least 2 meals and prices are very reasonable. This place is going to be on top of my list during my "order-in" kind of days!
I don't go out often, but when I do, I want good food & good times. Seorabol in Center City has never let me down. I visited the first location regularly, so I was very excited to check out the new spot in Center City. Good for families & friends! I love the Asian beer & liquor selection. I sat at the bar & at a table during different visits-- fun times!
My wife and I went here just before a show at the Kimmel Center (the location is excellent for that). Service was attentive and fast, and the food was excellent. My wife isn't even a fan of Korean food, but she liked the bibimbop. I had the galbi tang, which had more meat than I could finish. I thought the kimchi was better than average too, nice flavor with a pleasant fresh zing to it.
Really good deal, pretty good Korean food.

I ordered the Tofu Bulgogi bowl. It comes with a ton of the banchan plates.

The rice in the bowl was a bit too crispy on the bottom for my tastes.

But the flavors were well balanced and the portion was quite fair. 

All the vegetables were fresh.
They've changed so much since opening.  Black bean noodles no longer come with meat, and soybean paste soup no longer has any seafood in it.  When it first opened, the side dishes were great and delicious, but now the side dishes are overly salty and kimchi is super old and sour.  Noodles and ddukbokki are also soggy. 

You can tell care isn't going into their food anymore and overall the food quality has gone down significantly.  Not sure if it's because of COVID but will not be ordering from here again.
Finally, a reasonably priced, good Korean restaurant in Philly. I've been noticing a serious lack of good Korean food in this city so I was excited to try this place - I got the ddaenjang jjigae and the soondubu. Both were seriously good and of course the banchan (the assortment of small dishes you get at the start) was also great!

You can tell the authenticity of a Korean restaurant by the quality of the banchan, and more importantly, the kimchi, and it was definitely up to par. Also, the prices are reasonable, from what I can tell a little bit cheaper than the other competitors for Korean restaurants in the city with quality that is just as good. Excited to return and try their assortment of other dishes!
Stopped by for dinner, excellent service and reasonably priced for city center location. Both SRB galbi and dolsot bibimbap was perfectly cooked to our liking.
A Fine Korean/Sushi Place

We arrived Sunday evening at Seorabol and were greeted with smiles. Service is absolutely wonderful at this place (5/5 and I'd give it more if I could). We were a party of three and ended up waiting 10 minutes or so for a friend who was running late. Three different people came up to us and asked if we wanted to order something to start. Also, different people came up to us after we were done to see how everything was and if they could box our food up for us. 

The server ended up putting in the wrong order for us (punched it into the machine and realized his error once it was brought out) but offered us the dish anyway free of charge (honestly, I probably would've just ate it myself in the kitchen haha so I appreciated this).

The food itself is good. We had Galbi, Bulgogi and two stews (no sushi, but it looked AMAZING so maybe next time). The only reason I give it a 4/5 is because I eel like there's something about the Korean BBQ where you grill it yourself. You can obviously control the temperature, and it doesn't get overcooked from sitting on the hot plate too long. Regardless, it was still very good with a good price point. 

BYOB is always a plus as well!
First Korean food experience in philly, and it's not too bad! We got there around 7:10, and we luckily took the last 3-ppl table! The galbi tang is pretty good but it's easy to taste the salt/condiments, and my friend said tofu soup was okay. Their side dishes are really good!!
Tried to get in on a Friday night and it was booked solid, so we made reservations for the next night. Tip: make a reservation. Once we got there, the food was, in one word, surprising. I've had Korean food more times than I can remember so that wasn't the surprising part. What surprised me was some dishes were overwhelmingly good and some looked fantastic but were severely underwhelming. Let's start with the free table appetizers. I usually avoid tofu like I avoid the dentist, but this tofu was fantastic as was the marinated daikon radish. The chicken hit dogs (which sounded weird to begin with but I am always willing to give something a try) tasted like hot dogs in a childhood spaghettiOs sauce. My colleague couldn't explain it but as soon as I said "spaghettiOs his face lit up and he said "that's it!!"  Kimchi was fresh and spicy. Now the regular appetizers: the mandoo looked amazing but simply lacked much flavor, even with a dipping sauce. The general cho chicken was hands down the table's favorite dish of the whole night: so much so that we ordered one to go because someone wanted leftovers. Entrees: the chicken was fun for the eyes, ears, and mouth. I heard something come sizzling all the way from the kitchen and just hoped it was for me.  They use chicken thighs so it's guaranteed to not be over cooked and dry. The bulgogi, usually a crowd favorite, was incredibly tender but simply lacked that salty soy yet sugary and sesame oil flavor.  The prices are thankfully complimented by portion size. I'd come here again in a second, but I now have a better idea on what to order.
Yummy. Our first time trying Korean food and it was good! Server was great and the restaurant was chill. Thanks yall!!
The food here was really good. The soju was nice and smooth and the pomegranate flavor came through. The mandoo and the japchae was delicious along with the entree sides. I got the bbq short ribs which were good but it could've had more flavor and was hard to eat with just the chopsticks. It comes on bone and was hard to bite so it would be nice to include a fork and knife instead of me having to ask for it. But I'd come again for sure.
Best Korean food ever. So much love. Price very reasonable. Food is amazing. And funny and great customer service.
Stopped by for indoor dining last night and it was AMAZING. Service is superb, the side dishes are all thoughtfully made, and the prices are reasonable as well considering how much food you're actually getting. It was a treat for sure!
Don't normally leave reviews, but this place was aggressively underwhelming. I was ecstatic about trying Korean bbq in Philly as I've had quite a bit. I'm unclear how the ratings are at 4.5 stars, but I doubt those ratings are legitimate. I ate here with her girlfriend. We got the beef dumplings and general cho chicken to start. The dumplings breading tasted like it was old. The general cho chicken just tasted like pure sugar cane sauce. We got the galbi and spicy galbi. Both were remarkably unseasoned and uninspired. Beef ribs are hard to make unappetizing, but this place managed to do it. We came here full of optimism and excitement and left unfulfilled. The only plus was the servers were polite and attentive.
Had a great experience in the original location and was very excited about the new restaurant in center city. Unfortunately the food did made the cut for me...
The Koran side dishes felt cheap... cold mashed potatoes and hot dog meat covered in sweet sauce are not typical Korean dishes... also, the sticky fried tofu wasn't very appealing. The kimchi was good.
We ordered the seafood pancakes, the dolsot bibimbap and the soondubu. 
The pancakes almost didn't have any seafood and the batter was super dense, to the point that felt not completely cooked.
The dolsot was ok, a lot of nice soft tofu but the seafood was very chewy.
The bibimbap was ok as well, nothing good or bad to say about it.....
Not my favorite Korean restaurant in town.
Oh! Forgot to mention that the "seafood" pancakes came with a hefty 13$ price tag.... definitely too much for what we got!
Oh man I really wanted to like this place. But the food did not live up to my expectations. I gave the food 2-star. However the staffs were awesome, so 3-star is for them. I came here with some friends. One of the friends who is Korean and I ordered soondubu. Since he is Korean and I have eaten soondubu in US and Korea, you can say we both knew what to expect ordering one.  We both agreed it was not good. It was more of a soup than a stew. I found it watery as weird that might sound, like it was water down. There wasn't much flavor to it. Just the color of the stew told me it wasn't going to be good. We also got the seafood kimchi pancake for the table. While it was huge, it was heavy, like too much dough. It almost filled us up before our entree arrived. It would say that it tasted good as a leftover when I ate the rest at midnight. For a Saturday night, they weren't busy at all so we didn't have to wait long even though we had reservation. Our waiter made the night enjoyable. Shout out to him. This place seems hyped up because the owner, therefore overpriced. He was there that night so I got to see him.
Excellent food!
Great service!
Good portions!

Coming from Houston, this is comparable to our fantastic Korean restaurants.
Waiting staff is extremely friendly and provided great recommendations. I'd recommend exploring the different liquors that compliment the food selection well. General Cho chicken is a must here.
