Seo Rabol, the Korean house on Old 2nd Street in the Olney section of Philadelphia, is one of the more established peninsula restaurants in the area. It is not far from the center of Seoultown on Cheltenham Avenue. They offer a full menu, but their specialty is BBQ grilled on the table. 

We were not hungry enough to deal with the mandatory 2 order minimum (@$20 per), so opted for their rendition of seafood pancake and pork gui - letting them do the grilling in the kitchen and serve it ready to eat. The banchan arrived first in small square plates. The ten or so dishes were all very good and a tour de force of spicy flavors and textures from steamed egg to mackerel. 

The pancake was frittata like, with plenty of shellfish within, and pan fried well enough to be firm, yet still tender. It was one of the better versions I have eaten. The gui was a large bowl full of pork strips grilled just right with an excellent spicy hot/sweet sauce. Much better than I could have done myself at the table, at less than half the cost. It was delicious and almost addictive. We couldn't finish either dish, so the remains were packed up for home consumption. We finished with complementary sweet ginger tea, which cleansed the pallet and was refreshing.

Throughout the meal the large HDTVs were tuned to the Winter Olympics in South Korea. National pride for sure, but no one really seemed to be watching. The table conversation was dominant across the large dining room, as it should be while enjoying a good meal with family and friends. 

Service was efficient and cordial, but it certainly helped to have someone at the table speaking Korean.
AMAZING. Definitely my go-to Korean restaurant in the area. Don't let the slightly higher prices deter you, this place is worth every penny. Here's why: 

1. The meats, especially their galbi (~$30/serving), are marinated to perfection. The quality is premium. 
2. I've never received so many banchans at any other Korean restaurants - and they were all delicious. They're also happy to provide refills. The array is akin to a whole entree. 
3. Sign up/subscribe on their website and get a free Korean pancake on the house! If the aforementioned doesn't fill you, this will seal the deal. 
4. Service is impeccable - despite language barriers with certain wait staff, they're all so kind and eager to help. Meat was helped grilled by our waiter, and the BBQ hot plate was promptly replaced after each session. 
5. They have a wide selection of options, including Korean hot pot, soondubu, noodles, sushi, etc. You're guaranteed to find something you love. 

We had the galbi, pork belly, and a seafood pancake (and a massive number of banchans) - then a cinnamon honey tea to finish our meal. The decor is tasteful, and atmosphere/experience perfect for 1, 2, or a group!
By now I've been to almost every popular Korean joint in this area which is well known for this particular cuisine. This is certainly up there as my local favorite. 

I must start off by saying this one definitely hands down, has my favorite banchan or side dishes. Not just in this area, but anywhere I've tasted Korean food. When I mentioned where I ate to my Korean sister in law, before I could even make that statement, she said the exact same thing to me so I think I can safely say that it indeed is true. The sweet potatoes were a stand out for me! Yum! I could've eaten an entire bowl of these alone. The Kimchi was perfect and not too garlicky or spicy. 

We called before heading over to ensure they had a veg hot pot option because from the menu online, it was a tad hard for me to tell. Communication wasn't the easiest via phone but once we got there a women who spoke English and who was switched out to be our waitress had no trouble understanding exactly what we were looking for....Steaming hot tofu and veggies. She called it #14 if I'm correct. On a cold winters day, with a cold, this was what I needed. It was delicious! Perfectly spicy for this stuffy nosed chick who was trying to kick this cold. The bowls and hot pots are made for two and priced accordingly. With all of the tasty sides and this bowl, we had just the right amount of food, leaving no leftovers all for $11 pre gratuity! Easy. 

The meal came out remarkably fast. Service was pretty good and water was replenished frequently although not automatically served upon arrival here like the hot tea was. I had to ask for it and I looked around to see I was the only one who had. Oh, I should also mention they bring you complimentary chilled ginger dessert tea which is so delicious! 

Not much to the place but they do have grills built into each table along the sides for those participating in the do it yourself BBQ. Looks like a great fun place for a larger party of folks to dine. 

Located farther down 2nd street technically in the Olney section but really just 8 minutes or so from Cheltenham/Elkins Park. I must admit the cameras all over made me a tad nervous at first but there were no issues. 2nd & 5th Streets as well as on Chelteham Ave are where you will find most of these well know Korean spots in this neighborhood. 

I would definitely dine here again and look forward trying some other offerings soon and bringing back the whole extended fam!
Korean with a kick!

I first heard of this place when they catered the Yelp Nautical by Nature party about a year ago.

Where I live, there are no Korean restaurants in a 20 mile radius. I know, it's sad. So, on a recent day trip to Philly, I made it a point to stop by Seorabol.

Reservations were made for a Saturday night. I made it a point to get a grill table - Korean BBQ was something I craved.

My group went with the classics - bulgogi (marinated beef) and pork belly. The bulgogi was so tender and expertly marinated. The grill gave the meat a perfect char along with a hot, crispy outside.

Every dish is great for sharing. My group also ordered a seafood medley dish in a rich sauce sauteed with lots of fresh vegetables. And how could I not get a bibimbap bowl? It might be THE signature Korean dish. 

Admittedly, I'm still a pretty big noob when it comes to Korean cuisine. The banchan side dishes still confuse me, and I'm not sure exactly what half of them are exactly. Someone, please tell me how to eat the fish properly! I probably disgraced my heritage trying to figure it out (at one point I think I was just poking it with my chopsticks with a puzzled look on my face). 

Service here is tremendous and the staff has really embraced the team-based, restaurant-first mentality. Before all else, do it for the good of the restaurant! Everyone is looking out for each other and every table is taken care of. 

Places like this just make me yearn for a good Korean restaurant closer to home! But I certainly wouldn't mind making the trek back to Seorabol for round two (maybe I'll know how to eat the fish by then).
Since moving to Philadelphia from Atlanta, I've made it a personal mission to scout the Korean restaurants in the area.  Not just to help recommend good places, but also because my Korean food cravings need to be fulfilled every so often. Thus far, I've been extremely disappointed with what I've found in Philly, but Seorabol restaurant has officially made my cut.

I'm particularly harsh when reviewing Korean restaurants, especially when I see Yelp reviews from a lot of people who don't know Korean food.  

The overview:
Good quantity, still pretty pricey, good service, great side dishes, a little far away.

What do people really care about here? The Korean BBQ.  The prices (as of july 2014) were $19 for the "cheap" meats (samgyupsal, pork, chicken), and $27-30 for the galbi.  When I saw the menu, I was a little turned off by those prices, but I can happily say that they do give you a very decent quantity.  You have to order two BBQ items minimum, but two orders are enough for 3 people.  I would recommend going with at least 3 people, because you will be ridiculously full if you try BBQ with only two at this place.

After 4 beers, 2 BBQ orders (including 1 with Naeng-myun), my bill + tip came to $75-80.  Split that three ways and it's a reasonable $25 per person.  For Korean BBQ, that's pretty decent (in American prices).

The food itself was very good.  The galbi (non-marinated) was high quality, and the spicy pork came in a HUGE quantity, and was just ok.  The combo naeng-myun was just ok.  I won't dock too many points for this, because I have never found a Korean restaurant in america that makes good naeng-myun.  If ANYBODY knows of one, please let me know.

The side dishes were varied and of good quality.  I was pleasantly surprised by the choices and the quality of each dish.  Major props here.

One very surprising thing here is that the service is actually good! I am unfortunately used to atrocious service in Korean restaurants, and find it to sadly be the norm.  Here, the waiters/waitresses are pretty attentive! Non-koreans should note that they will not go out of their way to check up on you (as in American restaurants), but they do NOT ignore you here! I found that any time I needed something, I turned my head slightly and immediately found someone who ran over and got me what I needed.

This is definitely a place I'll hit up more often, but I can't give it 5 stars because it is still a bit pricey, and it's a good 25 minutes from Center City.  I'm just really glad I found something!
So I went in there today for the first time with two of my co-workers that had never tried Korean food. I was trying to introduce them to some of my favorites. So I get in there and the place looks fairly nice. I order for us starting with some kalbi, bokumbap, and jajangmyeon. The appetizers come and we're enjoying. Then the meals come out.... Most of the food was ok. My co-workers shared one of the jajangmyeons and didn't seem to like it much. The second one was for the other co-worker but since she tried some from the first friend, she said she didn't want it. So I figure I love jajangmyeon so I would eat it and take the rest home. Towards the end of the meal, I finished my bokumbap and kalbi so I grabbed the untouched jajangmyeon. I was trying to figure out how my co-workers didn't like jajangmyeon --- it was one of my favorites growing up. I literally take one bite of it and notice there is a weird smell and aftertaste. I let the waiter know and his initial response was that since I already ate some of it, there was nothing I could do. I questioned how else would I know I didn't like it, and on top of that, I literally took one bite. 

He goes and speaks to his manager/owner and comes back and says there's not much he can do. Without making a fuss, I reluctantly agreed and followed him to pay with my card. Once my card was swiped and I already paid, the manager/owner (not sure who she was) comes over with a very demeaning/antagonizing attitude questioning what the problem was. I explained the situation and her initial response is that they don't specialize in jajangmyeon so I might want to go somewhere else for that. I acknowledged I had already been feeling that way prior to her coming over. Then she kept implying that I was just trying to get out of paying for a jajangmyeon, also questioning why I waited until the end of the meal. I wasn't alone in catching that vibe, as both of my co-workers confirmed they had the same notion once we had left. A $10 dish on a nearly $80 bill doesn't hurt me at all. Plus, I was actually excited to have leftovers for the next day considering I love jajangmyeon (usually) but that didn't turn out well. Lastly, I don't know if they were being spiteful because my complaint but they also didn't offer a desert like majority of Korean food restaurants offer at the end of the meal. We were ready to leave an adequate tip for the waiter, but after that experience I told my co-workers to take it (I picked up the check and I told them to get the tip) because we're never going back there again. Even if that manager/owner lady had not approached us in such a belittling manner, I would have returned and just not ordered the jajangmyeon. I also wouldn't have told my co-workers to pick up there tip. 

It's unfortunate some places don't realize that whether they are a food, clothing, electronics, etc. business customer service comes first. That type of treatment was completely uncalled for and making false implications and following it up with blaming me for ordering a food on their menu since they are a Korean/Japanese restaurant rather than a Korean/Chinese restaurant is completely unacceptable. Neer again. Will continue looking for good Korean food.
I moved from los angeles 3 years ago and found philly Korean restaurants just did not cut it. But, this place became my go-to Korean place because of the meat quality, side dishes, and random free stuff. Their soups were below average and over-priced but I can't make any better in my own kitchen so I was grateful I at least had access. Sushi options were also great. 

 But, after today, I must say I am severely disappointed with their service. I spent $35 on a soup and kalbi entree (which by the way should only cost $15 in any other Korean restaurant). Instead, our order came out with cheap-o bulgogi. When I asked the server if this was kalbi, she hesitated, and then confirmed that it was kalbi. HOW CHEAP! I looked over at 2 other tables who ordered the same items, and the plates were CLEARLY was not the same!  As a regular of this restaurant AND someone who has been raised on Korean food, I think it's absolutely pathetic that they are trying to trick someone just to save a couple dollars so they don't have to correct their mistake. 

There are new Korean restaurants popping around the city nowadays. If they are going to treat their customers like idiots it's time to find a new place.
Look no further for top places to enjoy Korean BBQ and pan chan (free side dishes) in Philadelphia. This place is easy to miss, but it's a gem!

Who hates the smell of BBQ smoke that gets in your hair and clothes? Not to mention the multiple showers you need afterward to cleanse yourself free of such smell? 

Well fear not! This was one of the first places I had a smoke free smell experience! Their air vent sucks the smoke from the BOTTOM of the table so the smell can't even reach you. How lovely. 

***Must get:
- Galbi Meat for Korean BBQ: this marbleized beef is perfectly marinated, tender, and juicy when grilled! Pretty much all youll need to know. And sometimes, the waiters even throw in a free seafood pancake on the side- I was very fortunate!
I always wanted to try a hibachi style restaurant where the food is cooked in front of you, therefore I was thrilled to try a similar experience at Seorabol Korean House.

At Seorabol they offer Korean Bbq and the grills are actually built inside the table so you can cook your own food, which makes for a fun dining experience.

Seorabol has an extensive menu of Korean food that consist of soups, sushi, teriyaki and plenty more. We were a large group and we decided to do Korean Bbq. We ordered spicy galbi, bulgogi and korean bacon I forgot what the actual name was. The korean Bbq comes with a bunch of sides called banchan and that consisted of stewed fish, kimchi, and other small dishes. We also had lettuce, rice and a special spicy sauce that was included with our meal. Everything was flavorful and tender. My favorite was the spicy galbi.

Overall I looked forward to coming back to Seorabol and I recommend others to try it out. The cooking experience is super awesome so bring family and friends and have a good time!
One night, a friend and I decided to gorge on Korean BBQ (KBBQ for short). She recommended one of her favorites in northeast Philadelphia, Seo Ra Bol. When we got there, the restaurant was already full of people who also apparently like KBBQ.

That night I discovered that her taste in Korean food is impeccable - that was one of the better KBBQs I've been to in recent memory! We shared several orders of tender bulgogi and kalbi and worked on an order of omelettes. Like many Korean restaurants, there were buttons at each table to call servers if you need them. I think we called once, but servers were pretty present and helpful during our meal. Prices were typical but the food quality was on-par (if not better) than their competitors.

Stop by for a deliciously smelly - KBBQ - time!
I can honestly say this place is my FAVORITE Korean BBQ restaurant in Philly. 
You get what you pay for and more! The staff is the really nice and polite. The food is amazing! I love their galbi, samgyupsol, and galbi tang. Sometimes the owners give us free seafood pancakes because we come so often; which are to die forrrrrr. Also if you are a drinker and like cute things, get the yogurt soju. It is packaged in this cute bottle and tastes great. 
I've been to almost every Korean BBQ in town and some may say that the all you can eat Korean BBQs are better because it is cheaper. But you really can't eat all of what is there to eat and acquire the same taste as Seorabol. You can never get the same homey staff and great tasting foods when you go to an all you can eat.
I love Korean food and do not know what took me so long to get here, but boy am I glad I did. I live in the area, where there are at least a half dozen Korean restaurants(most of which I've tried). This one stood head & shoulders above the rest as far as quality of the food and the service. Lamenting the loss of Bonga which was two blocks from me and also had great food.

We were greeted warmly, seated and served warm barley tea from a plastic pitcher. Place filled up quickly. Got very busy for a Thursday night.

The food:
Banchan- These side dishes are usually a good measure of the quality of the food. They did not disappoint. We got two grilled mackerels that were delicious. The kim chi and other pickles tasted fresh and home made. There was an egg dish, broccoli, bean sprouts, eggplant, all were fantastic. One thing that stood out had snap peas and what I think may have been strips of gluten that was my favorite. Should have asked what it was. The spiciest was what I believe were potatoes in some king of sauce. All were great and we got a second helping.

Haemul Pajeon (Seafood Pancake) was the best I've had. Pleasantly greasy, it was crisp on the outside and moist inside. The flavor was so good that the dipping sauce wasn't even needed. Raves all around.

Maki Rolls- We got three. My spicy tuna was right on target, excellent rice and melt- in - your- mouth delicious tuna. The Philadelphia roll was nice as well.

Barbeque- There is a minimum of twp orders per table. We got the galbi + spicy chicken. Our extremely friendly and helpful waitress suggested we get the regular galbi as opposed to the spicy which I had initially wanted to order. It was her favorite; and  said to try it first and get it spicy next time. It definitely was superb, and the winner of the two meats we had. The chicken wasn't nearly as flavorful, not really that spicy, but very good nonetheless. The red lettuce leaves, w/ jalepenos, garlic, and soybean paste made for a great D.I.Y.wrap.

Bokkum Bop (Fried rice w/ beef and veg) was very tasty and artfully garnished.

The only thing we all agreed on was that the cinnamon drink left something to be desired. The Korean OB beer was the perfect accompaniment to the meal.

The service:
Very pleasant, helpful and attentive. Your bbq is cooked by a server over coals placed in a pit in your table.The only misstep was the chicken should have been placed on the grill first, because it takes longer to cook. One person in our group did not eat beef. Also near the end we got abandoned and some of the chicken started to burn before we realized and had turn it ourselves. No big deal. The place was packed. On the way home nearby we passed a lot of Koreans standing outside a funeral home and reckon a lot of those people came here.

The atmosphere: Great! Nearly all customers dining here are Asian. Waiters carrying huge boats filled w/ sushi/sashimi; incredible looking huge hot pots simmering away at tables, the guy carrying buckets of hot coals(watchout) around all added to the charm of this place.

Highly recommended. I want to come back, soon. They do have lunch specials. While the neighborhood isn't the greatest, do not be scared. They employ a security guard in the outside parking lot.
I was craving Korean BBQ so my friend and I decided to stop by my favorite Korean restaurant in the area. 

 We ordered seafood pajun, samgyupsal, and kalbi.We grilled most of the kalbi (so good) while they grilled the samgyupsal on another table since ours was packed. Then the bibimbap came. I was so stuffed! The kalbi came with naengmyun and by this time I was at fat girl status and couldn't really eat anymore.

The food and service was great.
Excellent food and a really fun experience. Seorabol has an enormous menu with Korean and Japanese food, but we went specifically for the BBQ.

The charcoal grill makes the food smoky and great tasting. We ordered sliced ribeye and pork belly, and both were amazing. It comes with a HUGE array of appetizers/condiments, and the kimchi and all of the sauces were delicious. Service is very quick and efficient - food came quickly and the grill top was changed frequently. 

Tips for going here:
You definitely have to drive, and the neighborhood is pretty crappy.
The minimum is 2 meats to order BBQ and it is ALOT of food, especially for only 2 people.
Price is a little steep, but like I said, you get a TON of food.
Make sure someone doesn't mind working the grill - the meats and mushrooms need to be turned and tended to pretty frequently.
This place would be perfect for larger groups.
It would also be perfect for a first date or otherwise awkward outing because the dinner itself is such a good conversation piece.

I loved everything we ate and cannot wait to go back.
My brother tells me this is one of the best Korean restaurants in Philly. What, and I've never been here before? But I don't live here now, so I guess I could miss one or two gems...

Don't just do the typical Korean BBQ meats. Get the "Jimjjuggumi Galbi Jim" if you are a real foodie and have the guts to pay for and eat this super size portion. More about it later. And their rajoki (boneless fried chicken) is very nice too. Cheap deal stealers won't like this place - but this place doesn't aim for the cheap deal stealers but foodies who will pay for quality.

So the restaurant is not located in a great area of town but it is not an extremely dangerous neighborhood in the city, just a tad sketchy. I left my Rolls Royce at home, and I suggest you do the same too. ;-) But the restaurant itself is fine and tidy. Upon entering here I see a security guard sitting inside next to the door (he even sits in a heated car directly next to the entrance outside during very cold evenings), so it's exciting to see that many people like me risk a little danger to get great food! And it's packed!

I rarely give 5 stars. You need to savor those earnings and make them hard earned! But here's my report card breakdown:

- Assortment of food: 5 stars. They have SO many different types of dishes, much more extensive that many other Korean restaurants. For most people the usual BBQ meats (including pork belly here), bibimbap or jap chae is fine, but I brought an entourage to kill. We eat everything especially the items that are not "explainable" on the menu like the Jimjjuggumi Galbi Jim - which is a top signature dish here and you are missing out if you don't get this, more in the next section. Sadly it's one of those items in the menu without a description so it gets skipped over by many people who are not Korean. The ban chan (complimentary Korean mini starters) are varied. They even give you tiny whole mackerels in the ban chan! The beverage menu is extensive. I opted for the complimentary tea and water, but you should go for the Korean beer.

- Quality and taste of food: 4.5 to 5 stars. Their BBQ meats are fresh and well marinated. There is a switch to activate the vents for the grills, which are placed below the grill, meaning all the smell won't be vented upwards and onto you, nice! Their Jimjjuggumi Galbi Jim is amazing red soybean based stew (savory) with this amazing beef on a bone, squid, bell peppers and soybean sprouts. It's delectable and I'd come back just for this. We used the sauce in this stew to eat with our BBQ meats. It's a giant stew running at $42, so share with 3-4 people, for smaller Asian appetites make it 5-6 people! Their rajoki (Korean boneless fried chicken - don't compare this to a Chinese General Tso's, it is much better) is tender, crispy and perfectly seasoned. Their jigae (stew in a small pot) is good, too. Jap chae (noodles) is also good but after all the other food plus the nice rice they give you, the jap chae is just as good as an injured back up dancer at a Britney Spears concert. Looks good, can perform but services not needed.

- Service: 4.5 stars. The taller (compared to the others) Korean lady with wavy shoulder length hair is superb and extremely attentive. She always serves my brother, he raves about her. The security guard sitting on site sitting outside of the dining area gives you a sense of comfort, what other restaurants in this area provides one? LOL. The overall staff including the guy who takes your BBQ grill and other staff are pretty nice and accommodating. The guy who I think is the manager even personally thanked us and gave our goodbyes when leaving.

- Bang for the buck: 5 stars, come on, you are not eating at a low quality buffet or some budget restaurant. So you are not going to lay $15 and get 5 lbs of BBQ meats. You won't get American supersize me portions for the price you pay. Deal stealers will not like it - go to a buffet instead. Instead, you get a fair and filling portion, derived from good quality ingredients and served properly.
Little hole in the wall Korean bbq and sushi place in Philly. The area isn't the greatest area of Philly but I love eating at this place and I come time and time again. It's not all-you-can-eat, but I'd rather pay the money for this food. 

Depending on how many people go, we get 2-3 meats. One meat combo comes with tofu soup. We order the dukbokki (this place makes it so good). And they give you so many different sides; some places only give you a few. 

Service sometimes can be really slow if it's busy there. But most of the time, it's really good. Most of the servers speak English so you don't have to worry about miscommunication. 

I definitely recommend this place!
My wife and I came here to get some korean bbq. We went there a few times but many years ago.
The server toke us to our seats. We order 2 portions of meats and some grill fish.
The servers brought some side dishes and open the lid for the grill.
My wife saw the grill was dirty, it had some grease on the top and the side of the grill. We ask the manager if they can clean the grill a bit. She got mad and told us They clean the grill everyday. We were shocked from her behavior. My wife calmly take some napkin and wipe the grill herself, there were alot of grease that came off the the grill. The manager and server was quite and didn't say anything. But they look piss and angry.
Half and hour later our food came. They put the on the table and left without asking if we needed anything. The servers went to take care of other customers but not us. We feel not welcome in the restaurant. So we eat as fast as we can so we can leave. We ask for the check, we pay the bill and left the restaurant.
We will find another korean restaurant to go to from now on.
BBQ meat was chewy, no marbling, cheap cut of meat. service is pretty non-existent. the entire time there, probably about an hour or hour and half the grill was NEVER changed. pitched black about half way through the meal. the door bell system to call wait staff doesn't work. pressed more than 5 times. cooked food order took forever, asking and waiting for the check also took forever. this is the best part.. I put down $150 which include the tip that they should never had deserved, yet 2 days later my credit card activity comes up with $151 charged at this place.  did you really take an extra dollar???????
This is my dad's favorite Korean restaurant in Philly proper, and one Saturday we decided to go out for some daddy-daughter dinner at this restaurant.

The restaurant is located in a somewhat sketchy part of town, but don't fret, the restaurant has hired a "security guard" who sits in the parking lot outside. Although I'm sure he's quite capable at his job, I would still advise that you don't leave anything valuable visibly accessible in your car.

We came here on a Saturday around 6pm. No wait, but the place quickly filled up by 7pm. There was also a small party going on in small room. The restaurant was busy, but not hectic. 

The small plates (banchan) are plentiful and are worth the trip out here. My dad loves the broiled mackerel (I dislike dealing with the tiny bones), whereas I love the marinated bean sprouts and cucumbers. I would say that there were about 10 small plates, enough to hype you up for your entree.

ENTREE - I ordered the sashimi deluxe, which is actually meant for two people, but I never underestimate my love for sashimi, but this time I definitely ordered more than I could eat. Oh, gluttony,  The sashimi deluxe has get about 4-5 pieces per type of fish, served atop a mound of shredded radish. I love eating sashimi with radish instead of rice. The best offering is the white tuna. Sadly, no uni :(

My dad ordered the seafood casserole, which is served in a stone pot. Both come with a side of white rice.  

LIBATIONS - the usual drinks were offered: soju, sodas, beer.  There weren't too many beer options available (no craft beers, for example), so I opted for a regular bud light. My dad ordered a bottle of Korean beer, Cass.

Considering the amount of food that we devoured, the total bill was only about $100. Not bad at all, and I left fully satiated.

Since my parents, namely my dad, is obsessed with this restaurant, I'm sure I'll be back many times in the future. 5 stars.
Best. Korean. Food. Period.

I've been here more times than I've "Checked In" and I can't believe I still haven't written a review for this place!  The food here is fantastic and they have so much to offer on their menu. I think that's why I keep coming back and why I keep bringing all my friends and family here...you just can't go wrong. I've tried their BBQ, their noodles, tofu stews, soups, sushi...and so much more. Everything has been delicious. And I have to say, surprisingly, their sashimi is some of the freshest and tastiest fish I've eaten in all of Philly. I also love how they give you a ton of side dishes (banchan) and it's always a good variety and mix each time I go. When I'm in the mood for something a little different, I love their beef intestine hot pot...OMG so good and spicy! And let's not forget their seafood pancake appetizer...yum!

They get pretty crowded but I've never had to wait longer than 15 mins or so. If possible and available, I recommend sitting in the outside dining room for BBQ. The outside dining room tables use charcoal/briquettes for their grill whereas the "inside" (more like side rooms) dining tables have electric (infrared?) grills. It's still tastes good either way, but I prefer the charcoal taste. The service is always quick and friendly and always helpful when I have questions. Ever since I started coming here, I haven't gone anywhere else for Korean BBQ. 

The restaurant is a little out of the way but it's very worth the trip. They have plenty of parking outside in their lot and can accommodate larger groups inside. If you're looking for a good Korean BBQ place with a variety of other Korean foods, this place is a must try!
I love this place. 

Went on a double date and it couldn't have been more perfect. We wanted to try something new and different and this was everything we could have wanted and more. The service was wonderful and our waiter guided us through the menu and gave us wonderful recommendations. 

The food was overwhelming in quantity and quality. The combinations of all the different flavors was extremely memorable and I love that we were cooking the food ourselves as it was an unexpected addition to a fun evening. From the steak, to chicken and fish.. it was all DELICIOUS. I love that the main dishes come with a ton of different sides to cook/eat with.. it really adds to the entire experience.

Finally, we ended with their signature cinnamon dessert tea and WOW...I can't get that out of my head. My taste buds never felt so alive!

I highly recommend this place to everyone!!!
Change for the worse....
My family has been coming here for decades (20+ years) and have noticed some changes over the past several months. The most noticeable is their wait staff: younger & inexperienced. But what will probably make today my final visit is the food. I ordered my usual hwedupbop, which is a dish consisting of rice, cubes of raw fish, fresh vegetables & spicy red sauce. The sauce today was too sweet and a bit thicker than usual. After mixing all the elements, I noticed that something tasted off - after taking several bites, I finally figured out the minced green chili went bad. I alerted the waiter who later brought out a small dish containing a mix of minced garlic and chili, telling me that what I smelled was raw garlic and that nothing was wrong with the chili. His first mistake-never tell a customer they are wrong, at least not to their face. Second, understand your customer base: A Korean woman dining with her children knows a thing or two about cooking, meaning she knows how to differentiate raw garlic and spoiled chili pepper. Seeing that I only took 3 to 4 bites of my dish, they took it off the bill, but the staff trying to rationalize their mistake by talking to me like a food illiterate, totally turned me off. 
Another major change to note, especially to families with younger children: They now charge for miso soup ($3), which was, not too long ago, complimentary. I normally ask for miso soup and rice to come out first for the kids. 3 of the dishes I ordered come with miso soup. They charged me for the first 3 I asked for and brought out 3 additional soups when the dishes came out. They took back the extra soups, but when I saw the bill...man, they ripped me off! Because of the not-so-pleasant exchange about the above mentioned dish, I didn't bother arguing over the unexpected charge ($9). Diner beware!
Hands down this is my favorite Korean restaraunt in Philly! This place never fails to satisfy my Korean food cravings and being that us Koreans are barbaric when it comes to hunger and food they definitely know how to keep us happy. I've been coming here as a child with my dad and family members. Up until recently Korean was never known - and to some of the ignorant people they would categorize any asian food under Chinese. But I've seen a huge difference with the customers that have slowly transitioned. Before, it was more like older Korean generations for church gatherings, families, older Korean adults drinking with a huge boat of sashimi. Now, there's more of a variety of young cats, Americans, and other Asians that seem to be going which is always a good thing to see. It shows how much more other nationalities are starting to recognize our culture and there is no better way to start than by "authentic" food. A lot of the waitresses that work there are a bit older woman and not a lot of them speak English proficiently but since I am bilingual I can converse and order my dishes in Korean - no problem. However this could be a slight disadvantage for not just this restaraunt but any other Korean business. BUT do not underestimate their kindness and their willingness to provide everything that you need. I've tried (seriously) every item on their menu - and this including their sushi/sashimi section. If I could review each and every item I would but that is a hefty load. But one thing for sure is - if you've never had Korean food or Korean BBQ honestly that is what I recommend for you! Tender juicy meat cooked to your perfection right in front of you. You don't have to question the quality of the meat or if the meat has gone bad because they bring it our raw for you to see for yourself. I recommend this place for all the locals and out of state travelers!
Keyword:  Charcoal Grill

It's a rare find nowadays, to have a charcoal grill offered at Korean BBQ.  So as soon as I found it here, I'm not going anywhere else.  Yes. It makes a huge difference.
Needless to say the food is solid 5 star, especially for BBQ.  You would want to get Galbi and Samkyupsal even if you normally prefer chicken or shrimp.  Don't forget there's minimum of 2 orders. I normally don't go by the formula of  "Number of people = Number orders of meat", and here is why:

You would want to order something from the sushi bar.  Sushi, Sashimi, a-la-carte, doesn't matter what you order, you will get fresh raw fish that melts in your mouth.

You would want to get a noodle dish, or stew, because they are the most authentic dishes you will find.

You would want to  get a fish soup.  They're again fresh and delicious.

You would want to get plenty of Banchan.   You will be given plenty of choices. If you like spicy, you have different types of Kim Chi, if not, you will have fish cakes, braised beans and soy bean sprouts; if you like mild you have steamed eggs, potato salad and spinach; if you can handle heavy you have to mackerel fish.  If you have a bigger party, they will even give you a free seafood scallion pancake.

The Service is 5 star to me, even though they don't say much, all the servers are pleasant, polite and helpful.  They will help you to start your grill for BBQ, turn it, and let you know when it's ready.  They also change gills quickly to ensure you always have a clean gill for different types of meats.

SO If you like your BBQ perfectly grilled, if you like your sashimi melt in your month, if you like your banchan abundant, if you like your soju with choices, this is the place for you.
I wanted to write another review because we had a large group gathering in one of their private rooms. We did a buffet style and it was amazing! The food was presented very well and the food was, as always, delicious. We all left more than full. THANK YOU SEORABOL FOR THE GREAT SERVICE!
Found the best korean BBQ in Philadelphia. this place is just simply amazing.  They have a great ventilation system, use charcoal, great selection of banchans, great meat cuts, sushi rolls, and the seafood pancake is amazing! Sorry Kim's BBQ restaurant, you've been dethroned by the best.  The customer service was up to par!
I LOVE IT!!!!! Def one of the best korean places I've been to in a long long time! Food and service were impeccable. After driving around for a lil bit searching for a Korean spot, husband and I landed here. They have a private lot, but parking was a bit tough bc of all the snow. Some people were parked so absurd, I wanted to kick their car!!! Ugh, learn how to park/drive. Anyway, moving on...

We were greeted right away and asked if we were having bbq or just dinner (they have regular tables without burners and tables with it so you can cook your meat). We definately wanted bbq. I love being able to cook own meat and have food nie and hot! They brought over hot tea (not in a tea kettle, but in a pitcher..which was weird, but all good) and menus. We took some time looking over and then opted for Spicy pork and spicy prime rib beef. *Reminder: you must purchase minimum of 2 meats if you want to have bbq.

All the sides that came out were oh so delicious. I almost got full from tasting all of them. The picture I posted were only a small portion. I should have taken more, but I was so hungry, I couldn't wait to dig in. I loved all the sides, but my favorite was the sweet potato. It was glazed in some sort of syrup and it had a such a nice flavor. My son also really loved this side dish. Husband looooved the fish cakes. Mmmm!

Pork - flavor was good and it had a nice kick to it. Wish it was a bit spicier, but I'll make sure to ask for extra spice next time I come.

Beef - same flavor as pork, so it was also quite yummy. I thought it would have been the korean short ribs, but I was wrong. :-(. The server informed me that the one with bones were the non spicy. Will be ordering that next time!

I loved the service here. They know how to speak english and treated us so well! They played with my son, helped cook our meats, refilled our sides, brought out this dessert drink, checked up, etc etc etc. I can go on and on about how wonderful our service was, but I would probably bore you. 

Can't wait to come back! Oh, btw, upon coming (around 6:30), we had no wait, but when we left, there was a long line. So, if you want BBQ, come early, relax and enjoy!
The side dishes here are the best!! I love coming here. The food is delicious and the drinks are cheap! The $1 sushi pieces are popular here but the types are limited so make sure you ask the waitress which ones are on that list. The korean style barbecue is great here as well. You get a full korean meal experience here for a good price. Highly recommended.
I came here for lunch as opposed to another nearby Korean restaurant per the recommendation of a Korean friend. The outside looks super sketch, but thankfully the restaurant looks nicer inside *insert pic I forgot to take here*. 

I will preface by saying I recently came back to Philly from the k-town of Atlanta. The side dishes were really good. My favorite one is usually the potato one, and this flavor was more unique than the ones I'm used to in Atlanta! I also liked the pepper green beans and the refreshing salad-like one in the top left of my pic. We were surprised to get a free pancake with our meal...and it was crispy on the outside and soft on the inside (without being soggy)--just how I like mine! The dipping sauce was good, too.

I ordered the kimchi fried rice for my entree. The presentation was cute, but the flavor was pretty plain. I blame it on the kimchi, which I also didn't like of the side dishes. I am willing to come back and try the meat, based on the other reviews I see now as I write this...so till next time!
When I tried this place out it was okay. It could've been ALOT better. I wanted to order certain stuff and for some odd reason, they did not let me. Which I think was odd. They also sat us (bf&i) down at a table of 6 for 2 people. I didn't like that. It was too spacious.. 

The sides were okay. The bulgogi was okay, nothing spectacular. Only thing is that they give you ALOT. & my other order tasted like the bulgogi order.. Idk I was hoping for a different taste. 

Service... They say us down right away. The place where my bf and I usually go(Bobos sports bar), they usually turn the meat over for you and so fourth, we didn't know if we were supposed to do it ourselves or not so we tried asking them, but they were busy talking to other tables. So when I held my hands up like I was in school -_- they pointed to our table, and I'm pretty sure they said something about us, and the waitress that was helping is was too busy talking and lounging, when she saw our signal she turned to the table that she was talking too, then they all look at our table and laughed.. Then I felt uneasy, pissed off, and somewhat embarrassed. 

Parking: they have a parking lot so no street parking. 

Will I be returning? No I will not. Horrible service. Food was okay.
Yelp really misled me here. After reading all the positive reviews on this place, my friends and I decided to give this place a try since DuBu was closed the day we were all craving Korean food. Oh so tragic! 

First off, the restaurant was a bit difficult to find. We drove past it like twice before realizing it was there. Secondly, the service sucks! We nearly seated ourselves after waiting what felt like an eternity to be seated. The restaurant wasn't even crowded when we came. The service was just soooo slow. No tea or water was brought to our table until we nudged the waiter. When the food came, we again had to request plates and bowls. The service here is probably the most inconsiderate service I've ever experienced at a Korean restaurant. 

As for food, everything tasted mediocre. We ordered the seafood pancake, dukbokki rice cakes, seafood bibimbap and some egg tofu stew. We stuck with very well known, basic Korean dishes to be safe. The pancake was good, but I wish the dipping sauce was more exciting. They just gave us plain old soy sauce. The dukbokki was on the sweeter side. I was not a fan. The bibimbap and stew were spicy so I can't even remember the flavors. The aftermath of eating here wasn't pleasant though. 2/3 of our dinning party, including myself, spent the rest of the evening on the toilet. I'll spare you all the graphic details. 

Overall, not a fan of this place and will not be returning. My stomach, and others in my group, did not take the food here well. My entire dinning experience here consisted of waiting to be seated, waiting for service and waiting on the toilet.
Fun activity to do w/ a group of friends and the BBQ is good but not mind blowing. The BBQ is quite dangerous bc the table behind my groups caught on fire and the worst part of it was the gas line underneath the table was what caught on fire. The restaurant didn't have a fire extinguisher ! Like what are you thinking dude it's a hazard!!! And to tell there patrons to stick around while u swap the fire with towels is just a huge risk! Also Service sucks here too! 

I wouldn't be coming back this place at all! Next!
My honest rating would be 4.5 stars. But I've been coming here so often and the workers practically know me, so I feel obligated to bump it up to a 5.

As far as Korean food goes in Philadelphia, Seorabol is as about as authentic as you can get. They also have some Japanese food, but honestly no one goes there for that. Seorabol has pretty much every kind of traditional Korean food you could want, but as with all Korean restaurants in the area, the prices are a bit hefty. Dolsot bibimbap is around $10-12, and that's pretty standard pricing in Philly. 

Everything is pretty much authentic taste here; no weird flavors, no weird deviations from the Korean food in Korea. If I want a real Korean meal, I come here. I would suggest and bid you do the same :) 

The banchan selection is quite wonderful. We came with a large group (maybe 8?) and we got at least 2 groups of 8 sides of banchan. They were all delicious and authentic and they promptly got us refills at our request. 

Most people come for the BBQ, which is pretty good. As I can recall, they do help you set up the grill and cut up the meat for you, but I think it's up to you to grill it to the shade and texture that you desire. It's pretty hard to mess up Korean BBQ, though. It's almost foolproof. If you are new to Korean BBQ, I suggest galbi, samgyupsal, and bulgogi. You can't go wrong with the gold three's of Korean BBQ (okay I made that up but that sounds catchy, you can't deny). 

As for the atmosphere: when I first walked into the restaurant, I wasn't all the impressed, but after comparing it to the other Korean restaurants in the area and even in Philly and 69th Street area, I've come to appreciate it a lot more. The restaurant is decorated with wooden walls and separators (not sure what to call them), and it has a very Asian old timey feel to it, almost as if you'd stepped in the inside of a little pagoda or temple. It definitely grows on you over time, and I've been here many times in the past half a year. 

One thing I have noticed several times is that there are a lot of flies in the restaurant. It makes you question the cleanliness of the place, but I've never found anything abnormal in my food. I tend to ignore flies and other pests that may come my way because I'm too busy munching on the delicious food. 

BOTTOM LINE: Though it's a little out of the way from Center City, if you want authentic Korean food, come to Seorabol! At least I doubt the quality of the food will disappoint you.
I decided to return to Seorabol and give it another try since I do love Korean BBQ! I arrived and there was a wait which was only for 15 minutes... not too bad at all.  They provided warm tea as we waited in the seating area, which made the wait more pleasant.  

Ohh the smell of Korean BBQ filled the restaurant and made me super hungry after waiting, we sat and ordered the soondaboo, spicy pork and bulgogi BBQ. I also loved all the small side dishes that accompany the bbq and the fish too.

All in all, I give this spot 4 stars for the food, price and service! The staff here will refill the things you need asap and will stop by regularly to see if you're ok.
There's not many Korean restaurants to choose from in the city of Brotherly Love but this place is a hidden gem.  This place is definitely a "don't judge a book by its cover" place.  You walk in and it's a wheel oiled machine!  

The service is friendly, the quality of food and amounts of food is awesome, and the taste/temperature of the food is on point.  They even have bells on the tables to call your servers if you dont feel like flagging them down.  

The sushi is fresh, their grade of meats is quality and anything additional that you order is just as good.  I'm a repeat customer here and always satisfies my Korean craving.  Worth the drive here to eat.
Seorable is the best Korean restaurant in the city. It has become one of my personal favorite restaurants all around.  My history with Seorable started four years ago thanks to the positive Yelp ratings.  In the last four years, I've visited 20 plus times and they still continue to exceed my expectations.  Come hungry, leave full, happy, with left overs and all for a reasonable price.  

The food is always very savory, well-seasoned, perfectly cooked and fresh.  The service is fast, courteous and even at prime times I have never had a long wait to be seated. 

A few of my favorites dishes are:

Sushi Box combination sushi & salad fried rice

Tonkatsu Box fried pork with special sauce served & salad fried rice

Kom Tang or tripe and beef in soup

Rajoki crispy chicken with sweet garlic sauce

Jaeyuk Bokum
Although the restaurant itself was nice, the surrounding area felt a little sketchy. It was nice that the restaurant had it's own lot to park in.

We were seated, and our orders were taken pretty quickly. Our man do soup was brought out soon after followed by all the banchan. The soup and the dumplings were really tasty. 

My boyfriend and I ordered the Korean BBQ, Galbi Gui and the Bulgogi. In our previous experiences, the meat was always prepared, placed, cooked, and served to us by the waitress. In fact, whenever we tried to participate, the waitress would often scold us or frown at us for interfering. 

Since the waitress kindly placed the meat on the grill for us, my boyfriend and I assumed that she would come back and serve as as well. Bad assumption. We kept trying to get the attention of our server, but by the time she came back around the bulgogi was burned. The waitress proceeded to serve us the burned meat.

The food (that wasn't burnt to a crisp) was delicious, but it was such an awkward experience for me. I don't really know all the customs, and I didn't want to be disrespectful by doing something I wasn't supposed to. I just wish that the waitresses were a little bit more accommodating to first time comers.
This is my fav korean food joint! Although my bf and I get quite nervous everytime we go to this place. The neighborhood it is located in doesnt look safe. The first time we came here we noticed a security guy who sat at the door WHAT?! He greeted us and open the door for us. My boyfriend was afraid that something would happen to his car. I was afraid of drive bys. But none of those things happened.

We ordered 2 orders of spicy prime rib and loved itttttt!! We LOVED the side dishes. I also ordered ojingo bokum (spicy squid) and it was really good too. The best ojingo bokum I have had was from this tiny korean shack in the parking lot across the street from what is now Hmart in upper darby, but the owners retired years ago =*( I was glad to find the dish at Seorabol very good.

I have been to Kim`s BBQ too but I prefer Seorabol.
So done with this place. It's shocking to me that they have a 4 star rating. I don't know why I kept giving them chances to redeem themselves. Every experience I've had here in recent memory has been awful. Awful food, awful service. Let start with the food. The meats for the BBQ is always haphazardly cut, Bulgogi basically chopped into shreds and chicken sliced so uneven, it's impossible to figure out if its fully cooked. The sashimi is probably the lowest quality I've ever experienced anywhere (I'm surprised we all didn't get sick!)-- steer clear! And the last time we ordered Japjae, it came with (probably unwashed) bell peppers, with the produce sticker still stuck on it -- so gross! Instead of getting a manager to address the issue, we got a plate of dumplings at the end of the meal to compensate. Which leads me to the service. S L O W E S T service ever. What's the point of having a buzzer at the table, if no one comes even after 4 buzzes?! And it takes forever for anyone to come switch out the grills. So instead of eating bbq, we're all choking on the heavy smoke and staring at plates of lukewarm raw meat swimming in a pool of bloody juices. Yea, it's disgusting.
Probably some of the best Korean food that I've had ever.  The banchan are super fresh, plentiful, and delicious.  I counted no less than ten offerings including some super delicious vinegar-y fresh kimchi (and I don't even like kimchi that much), braised beef, jap chae noodles (the clear glass noodles), cauliflower (which was my nephew's fave), bean sprouts, and more.

The Korean BBQ was awesome and all of the dishes were authentic and delicious.  We also had the Tang Soo Yuk (sweet & sour crispy pork) and it was delicious.  I was surprised by how delicious this dish was.

Service was also very prompt and friendly.  With a group of 5 adults and 3 toddlers, we were a pretty demanding group yet they were very accommodating.  If I lived closer, I would definitely frequent this place!

Also, kind of in the middle of nowhere?  And they have a permanent security guard to watch the parking lot?  Interesting.
What is it that Cookie Monster says? NOM NOM NOM NOM.  That's pretty much how I feel about this gem of a restaurant.

In the summer of 2007, I worked for a Korean immigration law firm in Northeast Philly, and my boss would take me to lunches at Seo Ra Bol.  The Soon Du Bu was *chock full* of seafood and covered in the spicy red broth that I love so.  The Jap Chae was perfectly seasoned and mixed with the right amount of veggies.  And the Galbi BBQ?  Divine.

I made my return to Seo Ra Bol this past Friday, and was delighted to find that nothing has changed.  The food is still authentic, delicious and served in ample portions.  I only wish that this place was in Center City, but then, of course, I might never eat anywhere else.
Third time's the charm! Each time I eat here I hone what I like and how much food we should order (very easy to over order with the appetizer accompaniment).

Absolutely love the mandu and kimchee pancake. Got an assortment of meats for the grill: bulgogi, spicy beef and pork.

The wait ~7pm on a Saturday was about 30-45 minutes, but it was well worth the wait. And the palate-cleansing drink (cinnamon based) is quite delightful.

The only cons: green tea served in plastic pitchers pick up the plastic taste.
I used to dine here quite frequently. They have pretty delicious lunch boxes and very authentic Korean food here. The grilled items are pretty tasty, and all in all a solid Korean restaurant. The reason it gets three stars and I haven't been back is unfortunate.

I had gone to Seorabol with several friends of mine for dinner. During the dinner, a cockroach fell from the ceiling onto my friend, just missing her food. When this was discussed with the waitress and manager, we were told that they had just fumigated and that this was common. When we looked, there were dead insects on the floor around our table (it was the one in a room on a slightly elevated platform on the right when you walk in). No apology, no offer to mend the situation. 

I know this may be a biased review, but only because the food is authentic have I given it 3 stars. Glean what you will from it.
A very satisfying meal.  We tried the bulgogi and galbi. Both were good, the galbi was particularly tasty.  The banchan was all well made and delicious.  

Service was good and they tended the BBQ very well.  Made a reservation through open table, but still ended up having to wait about 5 minutes because the place was busy.  Not a big deal.  Not the best Korean BBQ I've ever had, but certainly an excellent and satisfying meal.
so here is an update ! I came here on Sunday , it's been a while ! 

They have definitely did some great management work since the last time I was here, the service is an A+ !

1. It was really busy at dinner time, but they were still very attentive and nice at the same time ! 
2. They were very quickly with changing the grill , because back then no one seemed to care, you had to ask them to. 
3. Food was good as usual!

Here is a suggestion :
I think the rice should be optional, usually when we have BBQ we don't eat the rice and I hate to see the rice go into waste. So next time, maybe it's better to ask if we want rice or how many bowls of rice.
I guess it's one of the best Korean restaurant if your looking for variaty!
If u and ur friends can't decide what to eat
This place is to go. It has many choices to choose from!
There really isn't much to say - this used to be a prime spot for my youngself and family over 10 years ago. But now I can't even bring myself to coming back. The food is nothing like what it used to be. Even the kind server said Koreans don't even come here anymore - more younger foreign crowds who sadly don't know what good Korean food is. 

It seems like they're skimping out + cutting corners to reduce costs cause the food sure tastes like a bland mess. Even H-Mart has better marinated Gogi. 

What a damn shame.
This is my go-to place if I am in the mood for Korean food.  The barbeque selection is what you expect but what differentiates Seorabol from other places is that they use this really great smoky charcoal.  It really makes a difference in the food.  The restaurant is not in the best of neighborhoods (there is a security guard standing outside the restaurant) but it's definitely worth the trek.  I have gotten sushi/sashimi a few times here. It is pretty fresh.  Ban chan is also extensive.  They give typically 10-15 dishes per dinner (including steamed egg and mackerel).  You really can't go wrong with anything on the menu.  Stews, pa jeon, jap chae, bim bim bap... all pretty good.  I would say Seorabol is the best Korean restaurant in the city.
Seorabol is the only restaurant in Philadelphia where you can get traditional, authentic Korean food. They also give you generous amounts of "ban-chan" (side dishes) and the food is absolutely delicious! 

Also a great restaurant for large gatherings as they have multiple private rooms available.
Great Korean BBQ place in Philadelphia. 

Kalbi and the Daeji Bulgogi was good.   While the service may have been just a little lacking, didn't mind bypassing the plate, and putting the food straight from the grill right into my mouth.

I give it five stars because it's the best k bbq place in Philly I've encountered. Anyone message me if they think otherwise.

Coming from the Northern Virginia area, we have tons of great options, but the next time I'm up in Philly I'll hit it up again.
this spot has been a family favorite for years, and continues to not disappoint! 
they're finally open for dine in!!  

the food: so fresh quality, and i love their set menus that come with a sashimi boat, jungol stew, and meat option. the fish is always super fresh and tasty without that gross fishy aftertaste, and pairs so nicely with some soju and spicy stew!!! they also slide in steamed eggs and other things on the house here and there, so grateful 

the service: sooo kind! the lady who serves there (short bob with blonde highlights) has been there since the dawn of time and she is the friendliest server on earth! will really love upon u and ur family
I was away for my friend's birthday so I promised to make it up to her. I told her to pick a spot and I'd take her. She chose Seorabol since it's her favorite Korean spot. I came here with the bf, my brother and my friend. 

I was craving Korean BBQ on that Friday night and all the grill tables were taken. So we had to wait, which I didn't mind but watching the food was taunting us. 

Finally we were seated and tried to order. We started with the seafood pajun; it was okay..not my favorite. I really just wanted to get to the meats! I wanted the samgyupsal (pork belly) and she wanted the kalbi (beef). We ordered both; it's unfortunate though that they made us order two orders of each. I really wished they would allow you to order one of each. Oh well, we pretty much were gluttons and overate. We grilled most of the kalbi (so good) while they grilled the samgyupsal on another table since ours was packed. Then the bibimbap came. I was so stuffed! The kalbi came with naengmyun that we didn't get until the end. I was too full to enjoy this by then. 

Service was great, but it's also nice having a korean bf. Food was great too but the location isn't as much.
Appreciated the manager who took his time to reach out and rectify the situation. Have been back multiple times now and service has been perfect. Will continue returning!
I went back for Korean BBQ tonight because I feel like I should've given it another chance.

The spread of the side dishes (ban chan) is probably the best in Philly. They also have us a side of pan-fried fish! Delicious. 

We started with the haemool pajun (seafood scallion pancake) which was a downer. The pancake itself was thick, with too much scallion and barely any seafood. The consistency was thick and cakey. The kkanpoongi that I raved about before was not the same. The chicken did not retain its crispiness that it had before. I felt like they skipped the second frying before the sauce was mixed. The soondubu is downright horrible because of its tasteless broth. We got this as a set with the galbi which was also 'meh' as well. The charcoal added to its taste, but the marinade was bland. I was disappointed because I thought the taste would've improved, especially with the rave reviews I read on this site.

The best part of the meal was the soo jung gwah (cinnamon drink) at the end of the meal. The sweet, cinnamon-y goodness washed away the disappointing flavors of the night.

Maybe two stars is harsh, but Koreans, by nature, judge each other more critically.
Loved every bite!  This time with 4 adults & ordered so much food. We got the seafood pajun using the free "Korean pizza" coupon from their website. It is so crispy & delicious we would have ordered it anyway. Had an order of kalbi that melted in our mouths, japjae that was perfect & the spicy pork and vegetables. One person ordered the tofu seafood soup and loved it. The best banchan rounded off the meal. I wish it was closer...I'd be there every week. 

This place is THE best!
Will start off by saying I know this family very well and they are the most honest and stand up people I've ever known. I've been a customer since their previous restaurant in the northeast area on Castor avenue more than a decade ago.  You can see the reflection of the years of hard work and experience in their restaurant. Their service is outstanding and impeccable. They treat you with the utmost respect of any restaurant I've been to.  Now as for their food, can I say best Korean BBQ around? You get the real authentic charcoal style  and not with one of those gas cookers like some other restaurants. And they grill the meat for you so you can experience a properly cooked meat and not leave it to you to over cook it. Their sushi bar who is ran by their uncle, now that the father stepped down has not missed a beat at all. Even my father will tell me that their restaurant still has the freshest selection of sushi out of any sushi restaurant in town. They also have the widest selection of side dishes when ordering entrees, which is also one of their perks. I could be satisfied leaving the restaurant with only eaten the side dishes. And to top it off, they have a great selection of mixed cocktails of korean rice wine and flavors. A must try for those that like to enjoy a bit more out of their dining experience. Overall One of the best experiences Ive have at a restaurant. Which is why my family and I go atleast 1-3 times a month. 5/5!
I've been to Seorabol about 7 times.  It's pretty packed on Friday, Saturday, and Sunday nights.  You'll likely wait about thirty minutes to an hour for a table with a grill.  The location is in a shady area and the parking lot is crowded, but that's when you know the food is decent.  

Appetizers are varied.  It's never the same dishes every time I've gone here.  I believe the appetizers are refillable (I mean, I've never gotten charged before when I've asked...).  

The meat served is marinated well and is very tender.  It's not at all fatty.  

I've also had the sushi rolls at the sushi bar.  Not a lot of people come to Seorabol for Sushi, but their sushi rolls are pretty underrated!   They craft the rolls so well and the fish is relatively fresh.  fair warning for those who do not like wasabi, always ask the server to request to not put wasabi on the sushi or the rolls and to put it on the side instead.

As for service, it's always on point.  Honestly, just press the button by your table, and they'll come promptly after.
The food here is good. But the service is extremely bad. Some servers hide their head to avoid providing service. There was an Asian lady services, she seated two tables from us, and never showed her service. I asked "excuse me ", she just turned around her head to talk to another server. OMG, why she was so rude. Disappointed. 
Do not expect service from this restaurant.
The food was good enough but if you are an out of town tourist, please have your logistics lined up before going.  I was from out of town at a conference and read about this place. We caught a cab from University City (quite a distance and price).  When finished with the meal, the servers/ employees did not assist with information on how to catch a cab or leave. We finally called a service and was told they do not drive to this area and had to walk to the train station and finally the subway. -I am deployed in the desert and was so looking forward to authentic Korean food. The service and walk in what felt like a very unsafe neighborhood killed the entire experience.  

Tourists:  Not worth it unless you have your own transportation.
Wow. It was my first time having Korean BBQ and this place was awesome. They brought out tons of appetizers, which I didn't think I'd like, but they were all better than expected. 

The BBQ meat (LA galbi) was so good. And they cooked so much for us. They even gave us some pancake pizza thing for free, which was delicious. I also tried a Korean beer, OB, which was good.
Yook-kal tang. Thats it. That's all you need to know. Seriously the best spicy kalbi tang (their yook-kal tang is a combination of kalbi tang and yook hae jang). i've ever had. How they get their kalbi so friggin tender is beyond me. And the soup. OMG. spicy but so damn damn good. Their banchan is ok and their other dishes are unmemorable but i reallly think its only because their yook-kal tang is all i see and i'm blinded. I seriously go out of my way to go there to get this. i'm seriously tearing as i write this because i'm so far away from it right now....
Could I start out with Dammnnn?!  The quality of the Galbi was similar or better than what I had in Korea!  The service was awesome as well.  

We ordered 3 sets of galbi and it came with Korean miso soup which was outstanding!  If it sounds like I enjoyed it, it's because I did!!

Definitely coming back again!

They went from great to a big fat Zero!  The quality of the meat was bad and the service was worse!  We didn't get out daenjang stews which were supposed to come out when you order a lot of food.  They never came around until we flagged them like we were calling for SOS!

I will never return!
I've had very little exposure to Korean food. This sets the bar pretty high, being one of the best meals I've ever had.

We had a party of six for lunch. They sat the four of us that arrived early and we ordered for the group. I'd butcher the names if I tried Korean so I'll spare us all. There was a squid and noodle dish, tempura fried chicken, beef tartare, two orders of beef, and broiled trout. What a feast. But before what we ordered came out there was complimentary starting dishes. Please for the love of God don't sleep on the green beens. All of the pre meal dishes are great but those green beans I'll take with me to the grave. So good. The dishes themselves were amazing. The highlight to me was the beef that cooked over grill set into the table. We were encouraged to use the lettuce leaves provided to make wraps. With fermented bean spread as a sauce, it was otherworldly. If there was a tall mountain nearby, I would have scaled it to proclaim the greatness of the meal. 

The service was laid back but attentive. We didn't want for anything and the staff made us feel at home and at ease with a cuisine that we weren't familiar with.

Do yourself a favor. Eat here. The entire experience was outstanding. You'll be glad you did.
Finally got to try the awesome Korean place that everyone has been talking about!! My friends and I tried half there menu, and didn't have anything that we didn't like!! 

The seafood pancake is HUGE and so tasty. Definitely recommend. The Korean BBQ is also on point - the marinated beef was to die for. The pork belly was good, but not my favorite. Also tried a dragon roll, which was very tasty and very eel-heavy- not your traditional eel and avocado type. (Bonus- it looks like a little dragon!! So cute!). The sweet and spicy shrimp may have been my favorite thing on the menu - crispy, large shrimp with delicious sauce, you can't go wrong. 

The service was prompt and friendly. The location is a ways out - but great food is worth traveling for, right?!
Literally the BEST korean food in all of Philly...well second to grandmom's that is :) You won't get anything closer to authentic korean food than Seorabol. Go Go Go.
Dear owner this Restaurant ! If you put your heart down in this bussiness , you have keep eye with your workers services . before your guys have excellent service but now everything changed 360 degrees unbelievable . food running very slow ...I have to sit wait your free small food 3-4 pics almost 1 hours your people just keep balls eye to take care white American customers table only , They don't care for others table because we are asian and black .I don't want compair what your guys treat us b4 . I don't mind how much cost . I have money to pay . I'm not selfish person if you treated us right . but saw your guys treated customers unfair .American customers your guys all most  licked them ASS!!. What ? Are they tips your guys more than asian ? They tips you more than 1000$? I don't know how bad experience you are ? But people not the same ok ? I will tip you good if I see you take a good care us . why I have to tip your workers 10%-15%-20% for nothing services .Dirty stove .. I do not know who left .. guests have to clean the stove by themselves .. When I told two or three girls .. refused to clean at my request, they insisted that their stove is clean .. Since last night. So how many people ate in this table all day ? What ? You try to save water ? Let customers eat again and again and you clean only 1 time a day ? Oh my god I don't know this place so discastring like this . no more go back again . customers services zero ..don't do anything just want my tip ? No way darling . go ahead ,kiss white American ass to make your extra money . put sign on say no asian welcome . I don't want spend money again with place . the best of Philadelphia  treated customers look like shit
Please read till the end!
This restaurant has been on my radar for awhile. I've been super duper excited to try out this place since I'm a big fan of Korean BBQ, especially this one has pretty good ratings with great pictures. I made a reservation for 3 people at 8:30pm on a Saturday. We were greeted and seated right away. We wanted to dine in for BBQ, so they gave us a table with a grill. I was exploring the menu. Its very diverse! There were sushi, sashimi, BBQ, Soup stew, soft Tofu Soup, BBQ, hot pot, and more. Since my family was interested in doing BBQ, so we started browsing under the BBQ section. I saw they have combo sets for BBQ which you'll get a meat choice, a cold noodle or a soondubu. So, We ordered a combo set #9 which had a Galbi beef with house special sauce, and a Soondubu. We also ordered another meat choice which was Pork Belly since the minimum order has to be 2 meats. I also wanted to try their sashimi, so I did order a 4-piece white tuna sashimi, an eel sushi roll for my mom, and a seaweed salad. My mom was so impressed with the waitress since she took all the orders without writing them down.

The side dishes came out very quickly after we placed our orders. Everything was delicious! Raw fish was fresh! Meat was tender. Not too crazy about the eel cucumber sushi roll though.

One of the things that I was impressed the most was the charcoal grill that they had which is very hard to find nowadays. Another thing that I was also impressed and appreciative about was that their food air vent system. Lots of Korean BBQ restaurant I've been to has the air vent hood from the top of the grill which I always ended up smelling like BBQ food all over me all day long. Thats also one of the reasons that prevents me from going to a Korean BBQ restaurant because I dont want to smell bad all day. However, Seorobel's food air vent system was built in the table. It filters all the odor from underneath the table, so the grease of the food wont get "extra" contact with your hair and your clothes! This makes me so happy!

The food was amazing, the meat tasted great! They even had a cook person that comes to your table and cooks for you. How awesome right!?!? Everything was perfect until one of the "cooks" came and asked me a question. She spoke Korean to me and asked me something. I told her that Im not Korean. She spoke some more Korean and then my family looked at me and asked what did she say? She then said, "How many did you order?" I said, "I ordered a combo set and a pork belly." Then she walked away.

I was like, "Whats going on? Did we ordered something wrong? Is there a minimum order requirement for certain headcount? Didn't a combo count as 1 meat? Can we still eat? Why did she leave us hanging without explaining?" We all sat there and confused. Then there was a waiter who came out and asked me more question. He asked me what did I order. I said I ordered a combo BBQ and a pork belly (I said it like 5X after that, and they still kept asking me the same question) They kept repeating the question because there's no written order that they can refer back to! 

I asked the waiter whats going on, did we order it incorrectly. He then said that the server gave me the wrong order that supposed to be for a different table. So there were 3 items on the platter, 2 belonged to me and the other one was an extra. He told me he wanted to take the extra meat back (my head almost exploded). 

I was thinking OMG are you serious right now? If you brought out the wrong order, you should never take it back especially we already started eating! What he should have done was prepare a new one (a correct one obviously), and then remove the wrong order after bringing the new one out.
I enjoyed the food and everything but sadly this kind of customer service is unacceptable, and it needs to be improved IMMEDIATELY! Very bad management. I don't know if I'm ever going to come back. My family's experience was ruined! What a disappointment!!!
Was pretty excited to head here for Korean bbq, but the service terrible and we ended up leaving even before ordering. Would not recommend for Any black patrons, the racism was very much noted as customers who were sat way after us received service and we were told to wait multiple times. Would give 0 stars if I could.
Amazing food and terrific service! I've heard about this place plenty of times but never really ate here before. The restaurant was so spacious and permeated with flavorful grilled meat all around. You're already hungry before sitting down. 

We ordered broiled king mackerel, soft tofu soup, kalbi, teriyaki salmon, and spicy seafood noodles. All entrees came with their bon chon (side dishes). The bon chon were very fun to eat and was great for generating appetites. Some tasted better than others, the fried veggies for example, were really hard and stale. On the flip side, their fish was amazing, I can't even believe they served it as a side dish. The fish tasted like it's been braised in sauce for hours and paired perfectly with rice.

The salmon teriyaki was easily one of my favorites. The salmon cut was huge and crisp around the edges while staying moist inside. The sauce was sweet and savory and it came on a sizzling plate that stayed hot the whole time. The broiled king Mackerel was the best I've had in the city. The fish tasted so sweet and fresh. Squeeze a bit of lemon on top and you got yourself a real treat. The Kalbi was amazing as well. The beef was perfectly seasoned and super tender. Again, I love the fact that they served it on a sizzling platter that stayed hot throughout. 

Now comes the bad, their soft tofu soup was among the worst I've had. The broth had absolutely no flavors, it's basically a bowl of under-seasoned water. The spicy noodles suffered the same fate. While the broth faired a bit better, the noodles failed big time, they were way overdone and tasted mushy. 

At the end of every meal, you are treated with their cinnamon dessert drink, which was really refreshing and helped balance out all the spicy food.

Really cool atmosphere, great service, free, unlimited appetizers and some of the best salmon teriyaki and broiled king mackerel in the city helped overcome the restaurants' shortcomings. Overall, I really recommend trying out this place, just make sure you stay away from the soup and noodles, everything else however, is on point! Bring a large crowd because they give a lot of food!
Its a typical Saturday evening. It was very crowed as expected. But service and food was disappointing. We sat and waited for about 15 mins intill we clicked the button, to get a server. Food came out one by one. Ordered sushi and forgot ginger and soy sauce. We order soup and had to ask for a spoon and bowls to share. We asked for three glasses of water and they gave us 1 half full. We had to asked for everything constantly, to the point we even felt annoyed of how annoying we can be due to their lack of service. They had at least 5 servers on our side. No one payed any attention to us. And most of all, I've never been to any restaurants that charges 3.00 for a small glass of apple juice that comes from a bottle, and is not even poured fully. They served the apple juice in a small wine glass, that can be finish within two gulps. We also asked for more side dishes, and offered to pay. They told us they were out and took all of unfinished side plates (rude)!!!!
I totally understand it was busy, but in no way they treated us with caring....... I feel soo disappointed, because i really like this place the first time i ate here on a weekday... And mind you i have tried many restaurants, but never with one that charges 3.00 an apple juice served in a wine glass, that is not even full glass. It is unprofessional of them for such a big restaurants. I really hope that they wont loose customers, because they sure lost me. They probably wont care if they lost one customers. But to me who is also in a food industries would like to recommend you guys that service is always should compliment with the food.  And please be reasonable with what your serving, like for real it was apple juice from a big bottle that cost about 2 dollars at giant. Overall horrible experience!!!!!!!
A lovely Korean restaurant. The only reason why anyone would ever go to the Olney neighborhood of Philadelphia.

I should really expand my palate (and wallet) to be able to try different things on the menu. Of the 10 times that I've been here I ordered the Hae Dup Bab everytime.  I have ordered various sushi pieces, though, and they are tasty and a good value at $1/each

My friend got the Teriyaki Salmon entree one time, which is a great portion and quality but it only includes the fish. No veggies. Just the fish. I, personally, need a well-rounded meal.  Also, stay away from the Shrimp Tempura if you can.  My other friend ordered this dish and it is 75% breading 25% shrimp.  No wonder why each one looks so big.
the rainbow roll taste very, despite being a local korean restaurant. I thought they would taste bad but I was wrong. They made a great sushi and sashimi. the marinated BBQ steak was amazing, even the ribs.
(3.5) Arrived in, we were greater by a lovely grandma. The place is true to the tradition of a Korean BBQ. We were served hot tea. One thing I notice when I have been trying Korean BBQ is that they rely on you to  be very self sufficient. In order to order you press a bell next to your table. For appetizers we order a tray of  assorted sushi! If we known they  given up  complementary pancakes and other traditional Korean finger foods we would not have order this. The food was overwhelming. I order the  jambong  noodle mix with seafood spicy. The food was a little above average! I was expecting  some different  authentic flavors but it was lacking.
I am constantly on the hunt for Korean food in this town where the native population is like 20 people. Arriving to Seorabol kind of just looks whatever, which is exactly how I like my dives, so I was really excited! 

We did purely barbecue, getting bulgogi and samgyeopsal. Authenticity-wise, the experience was pretty weak. Hitting the call button and simply flagging the waiter down wasn't really enough to get to the ordering of our food, but the lady was very nice and I think it helped that I spoke Korean. I was pretty impressed by the bulgogi, not so much the samgyeopsal. I also wish we got the staples of barbecue, which are garlic and scissors. Next time I come I'll try out the normal menu, but this visit was only okay.
Surprisingly this place came highly recommended by my PARENTS. We are Korean, and to want to eat Korean food outside the house that must mean this place is good.

Well it was. The wait wasn't too bad, service was perfect, and the food speaks for itself. Very authentic and delicious. 

The sashimi was fresh and beautiful, we also ordered Samgyeopsal (pork belly) that they grill for you at the table. 5 stars ! Many times over. 


Also I read a few reviews that said the meat was thin, that is how Korean marinated meat tastes best!! So that's a good expectation not a bad one. You won't be disappointed by this cozy authentic family style restaurant.
went on a fri night and the food was good, but service was horrible. we weren't given menus and we had to track down a server to request menus, order, ask for refills, etc.
Amazing authenic Korean restaurant! The moment I walked in, there was the wall of fame where you can see pictures of all the famous people who have ate here. Then, I was greeted by sounds of Korean spoken by the locals eating here for lunch. You know you are in the right place to eat when the locals come here! 

The banchan (side dishes) are plentiful. You get 10, and I can honestly say that they are delicious!! I don't even like eggplant, and I was devouring their eggplant banchan. Oh, and the hot dog side dish kind of reminds me of the army soup I had in Seoul! 

I was so pleasantly surprised when they approached us with "service" (free stuff). The pancake they gave us was legitimately delicious: the texture, green onions, and crispiness was on point. After trying it, I can confidently say that next time, I will definitely order it. So worth paying for. 

Bf got: soondubu jigae. Was yummy, came with seafood (clams, octopus, shrimp, mushroom). Beware if you cant handle spiciness. 

I got: galbi. Was good, I have had better in both LA koreatown and Seoul, but still solid. I might deduct half a point for it, but honestly I am a food snob, so I will be fair here. The customer service makes up for it. 


Definitely will return! Amazing gem
My mom and I were looking for a good korean bbq place in Philadelphia to have dinner. To my surprise, this is one of the few legit korean bbq places in the area. It's also a bit out of the way - in somewhat of a sketchy area - but the food was not bad! TBH, I think it was quite average for all the kbbqs I've had in the my Ze

We came at around 8PM on a Wednesday and there were about 4 other parties in the restaurant. We were quickly seated. For kbbq, you're required to order 2 meats, so we went with their classic bulgogi and the pork belly. 

The place comes with a LOT of side dishes and tofu stew as well. The bulgogi was quite good and I would definitely recommend getting this. As for her pork belly, I didn't feel it was the least bit quality at all and the waiters weren't very attentive so we ended up with burned pork belly. I ended up cooking it myself, which is totally fine, to avoid burning. However, they quickly took the prongs out of my hands so it didn't seem like they wanted me to cook the meat myself. 

Overall this place is probably the best you'll get in Philly, but don't come with high standards or you'll be quickly disappointed.
Great Korean BBQ.  Definitely get a table with a barbecue so you can grill the meat directly in front of you.  

The food comes out quick here (with good reason, we're ordering uncooked meats), and it tastes great.  There is someone there to also grill the meats.  We order 3 raw food platters, and it was plenty.  Spicy Galbi,  Bulgogi and Porky Belly.  I recommend all 3, very flavorful.  

Our server was extremely nice as well. Joked with us, gave us recommendations, and kept the banchon (side dishes) coming.  All so good. We even ordered an entree to go and it came out in a huge bag!  Why? Because side dishes are also in there!  I've never seen that before!

The food and service deserve 5 stars. But I have to take a point off because their hosting area is kind of chaotic. I didn't make reservations and had to wait about 40 minutes for our party of 4.  Worth the wait, but it was a bit disorganized.  When I first got there, they said the wait was only 10-15 minutes.  They advised us to sit in the waiting area and they will get us when it's ready. I saw another group of 4 enter the restaurant after us and also had to wait.  However, they were seated before us.  I didn't make a big deal of it.  I periodically checked in to see if any tables were available and after 40 minutes, I was waiting to talk to the hostess and a random waiter came up and said "table for 2?" I said I had 4 and he just said ok, right this way.  Nice guy, but that tells me they weren't really tracking who was waiting first.  So yeah, a bit disorganized.  But the food and table service was great, so I'll definitely make reservations next time.
This place is so good that I have no other choice but to give it a 5!! The service phenomenal and the food is fresh and delicious. I love love LOVE how many side dishes they give you! The server was on par and gave us the seafood pancake on the house!
It already has almost 170 reviews, so I dont really have to compliment how good their food are. Only thing I want to say is...they are right!
There were 7 of us going there. We ordered lots of dishes...we pretty much tried everything from them. All of us like the restaurant very much

Our favorite: seafood pancake
I tried many seafood pancake from different Korean restaurants, and I would say...this one is the best one! Seafood are fresh and decent size.

Also wanna highlight: cold noodle.
I think they use sweet potato powder to make noodle. 

Meat are well prepared...no wondering.
After tried many restaurants in Philly, even my Korean friends love it!
DIVINE & WONDERFUL
Just went there with my friends a couple hours ago. There was a very nice ahjumma who helped us cook the meat and take a picture. Our waiter was prompt and gave no fuss when we needed help or had a question.

We got the bulgogi bbq combo with haemool soondubu, chicken bbq, samgyeopsal, and haemool pajeon. Group consensus says bulgogi was the best because of the flavor and ease to cook right. One of my friends loved the pajeon. Another loved the fish cake banchan. 

I'd say toss that kimchi in the grill and enjoy that new cooked savory flavor.

It's great! I highly recommend!
This used to be the place to go for excellent Korean BBQ.  But I am afraid the quality has gone down dramatically.  Side dishes, below average.  The kalbi, below average.  Service, poor.  The venting for the BBQ, poor.  The heat of the BBQ station, below average.  Price, below average.

Here's the deal if you are looking for a great Korean BBQ experience.  The grill needs to be hot and replaced regularly.  The meat needs to be tender with proper marbling.  The number of side dished need to be at least 50% authentic Korean sides.  String beans, broccoli, and potatoes are poor subtitles.  

I recommend looking elsewhere for a good Korean BBQ.
This will be our go to for Korean BBQ from now on.  The food is great, but the service is out of this world.  We had a large party and it was a little tough trying to get us all sat.  They had to put two tables together but only one had the grill.  To help us out, the server helped us cook half our meat to feed the table that didn't have the grill.  Wonderful because we had kids at that end and we basically had a babysitter to help feed our kiddies for the night.

We ordered the traditional Kalbi's and Bulgogi's and they were all delicious.  The seafood pancake is the one that stood out.  OMG!  A fight almost broke out on who was getting the last piece.  Lol!  They hugged it out and ordered another plate.  The rice cakes are delicous as well.  Everything you get is fresh.  It is quite deceiving from the outside how great this place really is.  One more thing, they do have a bar, but because we were celebrating a birthday, they allowed us to bring in our own wine.  Can't wait to come back.
I'm new to Korean cuisine, I've eaten it maybe twice in my life before today.  Went today with a friend who raves about it and although I'm still not a big fan of Korean cuisine, I can see why people love it.

There's a lot of barbecue dishes, even personal barbecues built into your table.  Smells delicious, gives a sense of freshness to a meal and if I were a meat eater I'd probably enjoy this a lot.

I ordered a vegetarian meal.  This was complimented with several small side appetizers which was really nice; you get such a variety of dishes!  Overall my meal was good and my friend enjoyed his meal as well saying this place served good Korean food.

The staff were nice and price was reasonable.  I'd recommend this place.
We made reservations for a large group about six weeks earlier.  Checked on the reservation half way through, and found out there wasn't a reservation for some reason.  Then got a phone call a week before the event asking us where we were.   The person on the phone was very nice and I told her our reservation wasn't for another week.  Finally, the day came.  The day of our outing.  Have to say the prices were very high for the quality and the quantity.  This is probably the most expensive Korean Barbeque in a neighborhood a bit different than what I am normally used to.   As a connoisseur of Korean Barbeque, haven been to Kbbq every where in the States as well as in Korea, I would rate this place 3 stars.  The banchan we were given were kimchi (which was excellent), broccoli, bean sprouts or kongnamul, cucumber, fish with radish(there was no fish it but lots of radish), eggplant, spicy potato, bokchoy, crispy wontons (given in the middle of our meal.. not everyone got one), steamed egg a very little portion.  Yes, the refills are free but there was only one server to our whole table.   How are we going to get everything we need for 24 hungry people.   The banchan was just mediocre but better than alot of the restaurants in the city of Philly like Nine Ting.  It all balls down to, Was the quality worth $35 per person for kalbi and eight side dishes.   For me, No.  The service was slow because for some reason we had one server taking orders for all 24 of us.  She seemed to have helpers but it was just too much for one person to handle.   I loved the water and tea pitchers in the middle.   

Finally, the grills. They were not hot enough. Literally I was steaming our pork belly.  I am used to charcoal grills or better gas grills but this place had neither.  Also the venting I believe went under the grill so maybe that's why the grill was so weak.  This is probably one of the worst Korean Barbeque places out of a real Korean owned Barbeque place I along with another Korean Barbeque connoisseur has ever had, but then again is this the best Philly has?  With social media power, Seorabol is well-know for a hard working chef, which I truly believe, but the food and service fell short.    I got a message this morning from a friend to go try Kim's BBQ Restaurant so next excursion will be there.  

Oh oh... btw their japchae and dukbokki were very good.   I think their cooked dishes are totally worth trying and I am excited to try the other location in Center City soon. I just do not think the Korean Barbeque is worth the price.

3.5 Stars
Dope spot, foods awesome, will come back again! 

The people are great, extremely friendly, and went above&beyond than many other bbq places in the area.
I've been going to Seorabol for years and have never been disappointed! I love consistency! I usually order the bulgogi or chicken gui BBQ, but have them "cook it inside". The table BBQ's are great and I'll usually partake with new adventurers to Korean cuisine, and they do a super job! The side dishes are so varied and always come with the BBQ order. Occasionally I order the Kim Chi Chigae, which comes out in a hot pot like lava. I lava the Kim Chi!!! Never had Korean? This is the spot!
Love Seorabol!! I love their beef bbq here. The meat are so flavorful here. They also have the best side condiments in town. Also the sushi selections are great too. P.S. once you are finished with your meat, cooked the bones too and doggy bag it. The bones are great for soup or with ramen noodles the next day.
Wow, A No BS, legit Korean BBQ joint! I am ALWAYS on the lookout for Korean food, and this place did NOT disappoint. My trusty yelp app had me looking up Korean restaurants for our weekly lunch with co workers. Since I don't live in the area I work in, i don't know everyting around. this place is tucked in the middle of a neighborhood, you would probably never find it without directions or just stumbling upon it. the lunch menu is vast ranging from $12 bento boxes to $9 bibimbap, and severl other Korean classics. I went with the dolsot bibimbap, and my co workers each got a bento box. Of course, the meal started with the classin panchan, all the little awesome side dishes that SHOULD accompany Korean food. My bibimbap was perfect, complete with the hot stone bowl for crispy rice. The Bento box lunches my co workers got were the best lunch in town! HUGE plates with bulgogi, orange chicken (yes, I know that's not Korean), salad, savory egg custard and I think a few pieces of california roll (yes, they DO sushi there and I know that's not Korean either..)  The panchan was perfect too, and out server brought us out a seafood pancake to go with our meal!!! All total, around $12 per person for lunch. I'l for SURE be going back, and will have to bring the wife. GREAT KOREAN FOOD, and some other not so Korean goodies as well!
Met up with a small group of friends here (pre-covid of course) to have lunch. They added their twist onto the typical small appetizers (banchan) that are served before the entrees arrive. For example their potato dish was kind of sweet, which I had not encountered before - in a good way. The bibimbab was pretty standard. You could tell its been gentrified to fit the average American tastebud, but still good in its own right. Is it authentic Korean food? No, I would not say so. If that's what you're looking for go to a mom and pop place....no, really go to a mom and pop shop place. They could use your support. But if you're hankering for some basic girl-ed Korean food look no further. Trust me it's a mood.
Very positive BBQ experience. Reservations were easy to make and they let us sit down before our whole group came in. The waitresses were all middle aged Korean women who are the best ever. Its like having your mom take care of you during dinner. We ordered galbi and bulgogi for the grill, seafood hot pot, chap chae, kimchi pah geun and tempura shrimp. Everything came out quick and everyone was very happy with their meal. It was everyone's first time for the most part and they rated it as a positive experience, all the way to the tasty tea at the end of the meal. Its exactly what I expected from a KBBQ. 

The -1 of a star is due to portion sizes of the meat for the grill. I'm quite picky about that since they are usually $20-$25 a person and they were lacking a bit in this area.
Chinese tested, Korean Approved!
=======
This place is kinda painful to get to... You have to drive through a ginormous swath of Filthy-delphia to get here.  But trust me, it's worth it.  

Highs
***Jaeyuk bokum (stir fried pork dish!)***
Chapchae (the side dishes)
Bibimbap
All sorts of BBQ, you can't go wrong.  We ordered the old standby of bulgogi and kalbi.  They do a decent job of marinating the meats in their secret blend of (pear juice and soy sauce - there, I said it. Now you know the secret).
Soju
Airplane-style call bells

Lows
It's in Killadelphia
Had dinner at Seorabol a few months ago. The food was okay but nothing exceptional. One thing I usually love about Korean food is the vivid flavours, but a lot of the food we had here seemed on the bland and boring side.

1. Soondobu tofu stew with clams, squid, shrimp - not bad, but not super flavourful.

2. Korean seafood pancake was crispy, nice. This was free with a coupon.

3. BBQ Spicy galbi - this was disappointing. Meat was very thin, not succulent, not very flavourful at all.

4. BBQ Pork belly - plain in terms of flavour, chewy and tough in terms of texture. I wouldn't get this again. 

5. Ban chan (side dishes) - there was a nice variety of dishes, some were interesting and different from the usual.

6. Sweet cinnamon tea was given at the end of the meal - very sweet and refreshing.

Service was very friendly. My only issue is that the waiter misrepresented the serving sizes as being smaller than they are, so that we ordered way more food than needed.

Between 2-3 stars. Food-wise, I've experienced better (2 stars) but not so far in Philly, so this might be a 3 star spot in Philly.
Fantastic and authentic.

I came here with a buddy for lunch one day. Was quite the drive from center city, but absolutely confirmed that Cheltenham is the best place to get Korean. We got spicy squid as well as galbi + pork grill items. Side dishes were perfect, service was prompt, food melted in my mouth and I was so tired I promptly fell asleep in the car.

The galbi is excellent. I'd rather go for that than the pork, but if you're going to get the pork, request to cook your own so that you can cook yours first; otherwise, you'll get the sweetness of the galbi being downgraded by the simple charred taste of cooked pork meat. 

Feel free to ask for additional side dishes! This isn't a place that skimps. Kimchii here is particularly good!

You know you're getting the real deal when sweet ladies look super relieved when someone in your party speaks Korean. Heart! Will be back.
When I go to a Korean BBQ restaurant, Galbi (beef rib) is always my only and true love:)  

Tried Seorabol last Saturday, the Galbi is very tasty, juicy and fresh. Lettuce  come with it is fresh too.  And they HAS the CHARCOAL!  Charcoal is the reason that bring us in. Tasty Galbi+DIY Charcoal=a perfect meal.   
Two orders of Galbi is pretty enough for two of us.  And the waiter we had is very helpful and we like him. 

but, the soybean paste is a little salty. Hope it will change or offer a less sodium option. Thank you.
If you are not Korean and do not know the authentic food, everything might be ok with this place. But if you are Korean or you have some ideas about Korean cuisine, you will (must!) be disappointed like me. They trick you with cheap ingredients! Please do not tell me that is what every restaurant does.

We ordered few catering dishes last Saturday for family party and I found the food was made very cheap!  Five colored pancake () is supposed to be made with different vegetables--one crab cake each!! but they made with three lines of crab cakes to fake it. I hate this!! They even asked me extra money for this dish!! It was a big mistake that my American husband picked up the food!

Watch out!! They take advantage of people who do no have experiences with authentic and very good quality of Korean food!
Updated reviews: I tried the spicy galbi but the quality is not as good as I expected. The soup was also salty.
My girlfriends and I came here for a birthday celebration. We walked in and were heavily greeted by the wonderful smell of charcoal grilling meats. We were ecstatic! After being seated we quickly grabbed the menu and scanned for the bbq section. I'm a sucker for Galbi, of course we ordered the Galbi Gui, Bulgogi, and Samkyupsal. Our waitress quickly came back with a wide array of Banchan which we quickly dove into as well. 
The grill was charcoal with a great ventilation system built directly into the table, so you aren't sitting in smoke as you're eating. I don't really mind regardless but some people do I guess. We had sooo much food! It was great!!! The server places our meat for us, leaves the table and we immediately begin stabbing the meat with our chopsticks to check it's level of doneness, the only time the waitress came back was when we've finished off the first round of meat eagerly waiting for them to change the grill top so we can eagerly dive into our next round of meat! LOL.

It was great, the meat was wonderfully marinated and whenever I'm craving Korean BBQ, I'll humbly make the trip. Until next time, I'll see them in my dreams.
Food was ok only bad part is the BBQ pork gui. Required to order 2 orders in order to try it. It has no taste to it whatsoever n too hard to chew. Serves is quite bad. Won't let us cook until I strictly demanded it. They dun like people packing extra food. I know cuz she had the unsatisfied look n packed it so messy in front of us. When she gave us our check she said nothing nor looked at us. Would not suggest anyone to go there.
