*****Update thanks to the wise words of Yelp friend Amy M, I'm no longer giving up carbs till Thanksgiving! Yelpers are the wisest people!!!!

Now back to my regularly scheduled review of last night's meal...

Service 10/5

Special thanks to JOSE B who patiently took my order and well, he made my night..

Have you ever had one of those weeks where one thing added a tinge of grey to your otherwise sunny outlook? I'd one of those weeks where a lot of great things happened but my mind chose to dwell on the one or two negative things that happened instead of my many awesome blessings. Maybe I'm not as thick skinned as I once thought, or maybe I'm re-connecting with my own humanity. Either way i was feeling blue and talking abt it didn't help. My solution to seeing the cup half empty was to make an unplanned stop at shake shack! Yeah a meal after a day of being stuck to and starved at my desk b/c i forgot my pass and work bestie and favorite lunch buddy took a day off and i didn't want to deal with the workplace temp pass security issues, so it was water for me till the the proverbial bell rang yabadabadoo! So I was very hungry by 6pm. 

Back to my Shake Shack experience...
So all it took was a little red wine and a very kind, smart counter gentleman named JOSE B. to set the stage to change my attitude and also the delicious burger helped!

Food 6/5
In my case? It was a delicious...

...double Shack burger no cheese with everything on it, but sauce on the side and no salt 6/5

People! Order it "well" with no salt and get the shake shack special sauce on the side! You will not be disappointed! Maybe it was the $8.99 glass of red wine (which was very good)  I had on an empty stomach while i waited but I gotta tell you, the burger was yumliciious! Yes that's the red wine talking, I never say yumilicious out loud or even to myself but who cares? I'm happily broadcasting it publicly this eve!

Fries 5/5
No salt and yes they listened and they are perfect. smaller serving than I remembered but I'm okay with that. I tend to finish everything on my plate so less is more. Also I saw someone leave some of their fries and thought hey, I'm kinda full I'm gonna leave some too. So sadly I'm going to not over fill my belly (I'm pretty full though tbh) and yes one of the floor servers politely offered to clear my tray and chucked the rest on my behalf, not sure i could have done it on my own.

I'm mourning the end of my meal now not my formerly negative affect. Thanks to Jose B. who patiently took my order and made me realize not all people suck when it's really only one person outside in my non shake shack real world life who kind of wasn't nice earlier in the week. Thanks Jose you give me hope, not all men are insensitive! :) 

Yes i let the behavior of one acquaintance whom I'll never see again ruin my mood for five days. 

Back to food...So now I'm in mourning  b/c i finished my delicious double burger no cheese cooked well. So my negative affect is gone thanks to shake shack and their kind customer service (standing ovation to Jose and team at shake shack)and delicious food (order no salt and well done and you'll be so happy). So here's the hard part...

I gave up on my plan to kick carbs to the side of the road till Thanksgiving. Life's too short and in the words of Yelp friend Amy M..,.carbs=happiness!

In summary JOSE B!!! Man you made my night!
JOSE B. at the counter took excellent care of me. Sometimes a guy in tune with humanity can see when a person is out of sorts and just that little bit of TLC changes a stranger's perspective! Thanks Jose, your kindness  and graciousness was  all it took!  What a great, kind humanitarian he was to this crazy chick!
OK I'm kind of embarrassed to say that last night was our first time at Shake Shack. My boyfriend and I parked in a metered spot hoping to get a table, but no luck. We ordered anyway and decided to get the food to go. The cashier was super friendly; he made recommendations when he saw us staring at the menu in bewilderment. "First time?" he said. Yes indeed. We ended up ordering single smoke shack burgers based on the cashier's recommendation. The food smelled so good that we sat in the car and ate. We didn't want to ruin the flavor by getting all the way home and having to reheat our meal. The cherry peppers were a bit too hot for me but my boyfriend loved the flavor.  We also got an order of cheese fries. Seriously so good although they do look like Ore Ida as other reviewers have mentioned. So the great thing about eating in a metered spot is that when you still have an hour left on the meter you can head back for dessert. Because we're greedy (thank God we work out) we went back and ordered half concretes. My boyfriend got bananas and peanut butter sauce mix-ins. I ordered the Liberty Shell, a mix of canoli, chocolate, lemon ricotta and strawberry puree. He loved his. I thought mine needed more strawberry puree but it was yummy nonetheless. So the question of whether fast food places like this get a 3 vs 4 from us is always "would we return?"  The answer is a 4/5 for shake shack. I just wish they had more seating available.
I'm calling all you "ELITES" out! Come on isn't YELP about HONESTY?! Yea I said it... you want to FIGHT me on the playground now?! 

Don't make me take out my pony tail, I will get "Basketball Wives" crazy on you!

Here is the deal...

Shake Shake is awesome & I'm glad they finally made a home in Philadelphia. Is it the BEST burgers and shakes that you have ever had in your life? NO FOOL! But it's good wholesome fun! ("Yay" say the children)

I don't suggest you come here and wait 45min to an hour in line (unless that is your idea of fun). When this place calms down I'm sure I will be returning again. The food is good and I dig the funky flavorful & creative custards.

Here is my suggestion....

If there is a huge line just treat yourself to a burger/fries somewhere else (Philadelphia has many AMAZING Burger spots, Shake Shack is not your only option). Afterwards return to Shake Shack and order........ A SHAKE!

Get it? "SHAKE" SHACK?! 

Yes their Shakes and Custards are WICKED good, so treat yourself!

There is a magic C-LINE (For COLD ITEMS) that usually has NOBODY IN IT (Silly Philadelphians). Hop right in and hop right out (5-10min tops).

So in the end...

Is it worth waiting in LINE for 45 min, 1 hour, 2 hours? UM...NO!

Is it worth waiting in LINE for 5-10 min? UM...YES!

I dig you Shake Shack...but you CRWAAZY! ;)
I know, I know, it's kinda ridiculous that we JUST tried Shake Shack, but we never really felt the desire to go especially when I knew they didn't have a veggie burgers. Well, they don't, which in this day and age is absurd to me, but they do offer the most INSANE mushrooms as a non-meat option!! They're fried to golden perfection and have a layer of melty cheese baked into them! If you're a mushroom fan, I will tell you that these are worth a visit alone!! And if you're not a veg-head, you can add this to a regular burger and make it a double stack. Mom had it and loved it. My brother is obsessed with Shake Shake, and that's his go-to. Mushrooms are where it's at here!!

The fries were just ok. I'm glad we just got a few for our large party to taste. 

Milkshakes were rather basic but thoroughly enjoyed by the kiddos. 

We did enjoy their signature brew, which I a lighter lager. Think Yuengling. 

Honestly, the mushroom is what's making me crave a return visit and give it more than a 3 star. That bad boy is a solid 5! The kids have been begging to go back since we first visited. 

Our party of 6 pushed a few tables together outside and had a nice time on the street. 

Casual pay at the counter joint. 
Typical kiosk meter parking.
The 4 Ws of Shake Shack:

WHAT:
This modern day "roadside" burger franchise makes burgers, hot dogs, frozen custard, and shakes. Yes, they even serves wine. From humble beginnings as a hot dog cart in NYC to new locations in places like London, it has now become an global foodie sensation. 

WHERE:
Located in the heart of Rittenhouse. You cannot miss it. Just come at lunchtime on any given day and you'll see the masses of hungry carnivores lining outside this establishment. 

WHY:
1) SHACK BURGER($4.60 for single, $7.20 for double)- flavorful and juicy beef stuffed inside a sweet, savory bun. 100% all-natural Angus beef. No hormones and no antibiotics  added. 

2) FRIES ($2.70)- Crispy and crunchy on the outside, perfectly soft on the inside. You may also top it with their special blend of cheddar and American cheese sauce! YUMM!

3) CONCRETES ($4.25)- Dense frozen custard ice cream blended at high speed with mix-ins. DELISH! You may choose to customize or choose from a selection of varied combinations. 

BREAKING NEWS: Waiting patiently for the CRONUT version concrete to come to Philly. Apparently it's "better than sex"...

WHEN:
Take Shake Shack for what it is. Not the cheapest. Not the most expensive. Not the fastest service (long lines). Come here without expectations and you'll find it's a great tasting burger place with really good fries and awesome frozen custard.
This review is solely for the concretes, of which I indulged on Saturday night. I perused the list of mix-ins and had a plan in action (vanilla custard with caramel, fudge and marshmallow, sort of like a take on B&J's Phish Food), when the gentleman behind the counter suggested that I opt for the flavor of the day, salted caramel custard. Sold! I ordered a half concrete with chocolate and marshmallow. Meanwhile, despite having just come from dinner, the scent of the burgers was intoxicating. Next time. 

Our concretes were ready in no time and we enjoyed them at the counter seating along the window. Yum. A half was the perfect size, too. Can't wait to go back and try the regular menu!
THEY CAN DO NO WRONG! Ya, heard me? My meal is always hot, friendly service, the works. 

Considering I can't sink my hands in some In-and-Out, this will do. I hadn't been to this location in a minute but every time I passed by, I needed that fix. 

I'm an habitual orderer. If it's good, ya stick with it but dang nabbit, the cashier hooked me on an order of fries too. I'm questioning if I should have ordered another burger but is it too late to wonder this? Oh and yes, I always order without Shack Sauce. Things are just better this way. I will be back, plus visiting their other location. That's right. Philly is getting another Shack. Haha.
Whether it was in Philadelphia or New York, I knew I would try Shake Shack at some point during my trip.  I had to see what the big deal was about after hearing about them from friends left and right over the last couple of years:

"Shake Shack is so awesome."
"Good to know!"

"Shake Shack needs to expand to the Bay Area!"
"Haha...that amazing?"

"Shake Shack is even better than In N Out."
"Then I'll make sure to...wait, what?"

After hearing that last comment be made about another supposedly delicious East Coast burger chain, I was more than a bit skeptical.  However, unlike Five Guys, Shack Shake actually backs up the hype!

Since we already had food in tow from Federal Donuts, my friend and I decided just to share a SHACKBURGER and FRIES to go.  I was a little worried about how they would hold up during our walk back, but they turned out great.  The bun didn't entirely do it for me (wish it was toasted), but the patty was juicy, had a nice char, and was well seasoned.  As for the fries, I liked how crispy they were, but I thought they were just okay.  However, it was more personal preference - I'm not big on crinkle cut fries.

Despite my somewhat lofty expectations for them, Shake Shack still managed to impress.  The food can get a little pricey, but I think the taste justifies it.  Be sure to save some room for their frozen custards though.  I didn't try one myself, but if the shakes are any indication (they use real ice cream), I imagine my friends are right about those too.

Now, are they better than In N Out?  Possibly...but I'll need to try them again to be sure. ;)

**Apologies for the terrible picture.
Honestly, there's not much else I can say about Shake Shack. I've been to the King of Prussia location and now the Rittenhouse location. Of course, Rittenhouse is much smaller and does not offer as much seating, but you're still getting the same great burger. For the first time, I tried the fries and loved it. It was a great compliment to my burger. I didn't order a shake, but I did try the lemonade, which was refreshing on a very warm day in Philly. Service was cool and so was the AC. Overall, if I'm in the area and in the mood for a Shack burger, I know where to go.

Just a note, if you want to drive to this location, parking is murder. I ended up parking on 19th and Market Street, and walking a few blocks. If you're somehow lucky enough to grab one of the two parking spots in front on Shake Shack, well, kudos to you.
I really like Shake Shack.  The service is quick, friendly, and precise.  This is true even when they are busy at lunch.  The food is always spot on and it is also hot when you get it.  The burgers haven't been sitting around for 20 minutes in a warming tray like other fast food restaurants.  
I love the beeper that you receive that tells you when your order is ready.  When I was there the other day, they had a food runner that was serving people on the terrace outside and he stopped by my table, asked me my name, and told me that my food would be right up.  Sure enough, my beeper went off almost immediately.  That was a really nice touch.  I really have nothing to suggest that would improve your experience at Shake Shack, it really is the place to go for a burger or a dog!
There's only so much burgers one can eat, and I keep trying them all... or most. There's also a fine line between a fast food burger and a gourmet burger. At Shake Shack, my favorite is Shack-burger, Shroom burger, cheese fries, and of course the frozen custard. Those are the burgers that can be left for lazy, late night-- where they belong.
- Always crowded on weekend nights.
- Fairly priced fast food chain.
- Dog treats available on the menu.
 
Three Yelps.
Shake shack looks like just another burger joint but it's in the city which always adds a little glamour to the chain and they serve beer. While I know a lot of people prefer to pair their burger with a milkshake I will always take the beer. 

I chose the chick'n shack- fried chicken, pickles, lettuce and buttermilk herb mayo. I LOVE herbs and mix them with mayo, I'm sure nothing could go wrong - except not being able to taste it. They should add a layer of the mayo on both buns. While the sandwich was on the smaller side, I enjoyed the crunch of the chicken and the fresh toppings. Now I'm looking forward to trying their SmokeShack burger. 

With a menu including burgers,fries,frozen custard, beer, and wine this is a good casual spot to hit up during the warmer months and enjoy the outdoor seating. FYI - There is a lot across the street promoting $15 weekend parking.
I got in line just before 10a for their 11a opening and it was totally worth the wait. They've really transformed this corner ... goodbye sketchy adult video store and creepy loiterers, hello beautiful windows with lots of sunshine! Staff was super-friendly and excited for their first day. They handled the line well. The food was excellent ... I had the SmokeShack, a burger with cherry pepper relish, bacon, cheese and Shack Sauce. I have no idea what is in shack sauce but it is killer. The fries and shake were also awesome and I am looking forward to coming back to sample the custard. 

Welcome to the 'hood, Danny Meyer & co.!
I chose to wait in the line, so I'll save all the negative comments about how long the line is.  I knew what I was getting into, and I came prepared to wait.  

I've been waiting to try Shake Shack since I hiked with three NYC inhabitants in Peru, and for 3 days on the trail all they did was talk about the best burgers, fries and shakes in the WORLD from this glorious place called Shake Shack.  

Two years later, one opens in Philly.  Dream.  Come.  True.  
Only it didn't.  

After ordering my burger, fries, shake and a diet coke (I'm a thirsty girl), the polite man behind the counter said "$17.34 please."  No, no, sir - I don't want all the burgers you have in the establishment.  Just ONE.  And this is the price.  

I was sad to fork over $17, but I was still excited about what was coming.  And then it came.  The burger was fine.  The fries were good.  The shake was ok.  Are any of them, respectively, the best anything I've ever had?  No.  Were they worth $17?  No.  

I might go back here, but my expectations are to get an ok burger, ok fries, and an ok shake, but pay BEST-EVER pricing.
Hands down!  Shake Shack is way better than In-n-Out.  More variety of burgers, more tastier burgers, and more friendly staff.

1. I was greeted with a smile when I walked up front to order. 

2. I ordered a medium double Smoke Shack burger and a coffee shake.

3. In less than 5 minutes, they were ready for pick up!

The Smoke Shack burger was so juicy.  It was warmer than the ones at In-n-Out. The little spice from the cherry pepper was icing on the cake. The sauce wasn't overwhelming.  

You might or might not have problem keeping your hands clean, but i surely couldn't.  Don't forget to lick your fingers if the juice and sauce got onto your hands.  They are finger licking good!

The coffee shake is rich and definitely has a lot of coffee flavor.

This place is way better than the one in the San Francisco Bay Area location.

Two thumbs up!  My tummy agrees.
Beware of the flying roaches aka water bugs that  bite , fly , come up from the Philly sewers and also grab a bite at this local shake shack . I just ordered a shack stack and upon picking it up from the pick up window I noticed a giant roach making its way inside the restaurant . Upon telling the hostess , god bless her heart , she said it happens . Yikes !!!!!!!!!
Now I can't bring myself to eat the burger I ordered. I guess I just  wasted $11.  Customers beware. Management please keep the door closed and spray your restaurant with bug barrier .
I've been to the Shake Shack in King of Prussia 3 times, this was my first time at this location. Of course the food is good. I have no complaints. The staff is nice and friendly. They actually get your order right instead of a big mix up.
The buzz for this place has been fed by hype from "bridge and bridge" people as well as transplants who really really wish they could have lived in "NYC" but had to settle for Philly instead.   Going some place to be seen is sad; it's especially sad when that place serves burgers and shakes.  Being impressed with a long line is a sign you're lacking something in your life.

I went, because I wanted to confirm that it was all hype, plus I love me some burgers and shakes. I just wasn't any more impressed by this place than I am by any decent diner that serves milkshakes.  Sorry, kids, you're buying into a slick product again.  But it's OK, because you look cool while doing it.

PS:  Doobies has had bowling alley tables since before they were cool, and don't make a big fucking deal about it.
Wow. Tough crowd for Shake Shack. It's been interesting reading the reviews because I feel like a lot of people are overly trashing this place because they've heard great things about it and it's been hyped up so much. I guess that's natural. Some place that is supposedly super awesome rolls into town. You're disappointed. So then you take them down a peg--maybe to balance out what you think are the insanely optimistic reviews? One reviewer even suggested that people like this place because they want to look cool. Huh? 

Anyway, I think the 1 and 2 stars are way off. I give it a 4. The quality of the meat is superb. It's well-flavored and juicy. The bun is soft (and is NOT like McDonald's, as another reviewer suggested). The burger itself is smaller than, say, Five Guys, but I think it's a reasonable size, and honestly, it would not hurt us if we ate regular-sized hamburgers. I can't say that I am a big fan of their fries, but at least they aren't super greasy. I can't give Shake Shack a 5 because I do think it's overpriced.

I like this better than Five Guys but not better than my ultimate fast food favorite, In 'N Out (just throwing this out as a point of reference for my west coast peeps).

The dining area is well maintained, especially given the number of people that go through there. Whether or not you think Shake Shack is worth the wait is up to you. You should at least give it a try when the line isn't too long. Personally, I won't get in line if it's way out the door. But if it's reasonably close to the door, count me in.
Shake Shack, you're amazing.  Poor Village Whiskey.

The concrete blends are awesome. The burger was wonderful, if a little more...rare than I would have enjoyed. And I love rare meat. I'm hoping that was just an opening day mistake.

Also, I hate crinkle cut french fries. Because they are reminiscent of cafeteria lunches.  However, they are PERFECT here. And the wiz-american cheese combo is genius.
How can a self-identified food enthusiast NOT go to Philly's first Shake Shack on opening day?

I entered the line at 8:48 pm. Even though the kind employee assured us we'd be out of the line with food in 15 minutes (girl, please), from start to finish, it took a grand 52 minutes. But oh man, was it worth it. Especially after a solid night of Center City Sips, Shake Shack completely hit the spot.

Get the 'shroom burger - definitely superior to the beef burger (the temporary vegetarian blindly asserted, having no real basis for her comparison). The portabello patty is crispily fried with a tender interior, oozing two kinds of cheeses from within the patty itself. Order a side of crinkle-cut fries and a Center City Pretzel concrete. Naturally, dip the fries in the frozen concrete, and you will be happy.
OK, so we have all been waiting for this place to open ... and the other day after work, I decided to brave the line and have my first Pennsylvania Shake Shack burger.

The food is great, I don't need to say anything about that.  I really don't like the shake sauce they put on their burgers, ask for it on the side ... its weird.

What I really wanted to do here is give praise to the staff.  They are the most friendly, most upbeat, most helpful staff of any Philadelphia restaurant ever.  When I arrived yesterday, my girlfriend and I had a long wait.  She was behind me in line, and ordered second to me.  She has a more complicated order, and somehow got it almost immediately.  I had ordered a shake burger and fries ... and waited, and waited, and waited ...

The expediter, I believe his name is David, a very nice guy, kept checking in with me, having conversation with me, and doing his best to make sure I was taken care of.  His manager, Noel (i think) came over and chatted with me.  Noel comped my check because I waited almost 15 min after my girlfriend got her food.  He asked me to come back and hoped I will have a good experience.

For that kind of excellent staff, I will absolutely come back.  I hope all of you give this place a chance, as they are so busy trying to figure out how to run an efficiently oiled machine.

PS the interior is full of recycled materials and environmentally conscious business practices.  I respect this business a lot for that.
Whoever thought of combining cheese-stuffed fried mushrooms with a juicy burger patty is absolutely genius.  Shake shack takes that one step further by adding Blizzard-like custard blends to the menu, which takes care of both dinner and dessert in one delicious fell swoop.  The shack stack is the perfect combination burger with the fried stuffed portabella and a juicy beef patty topped off with a mystery sauce that seems to be a yummy combination of garlic, dijon, mayo, and ketchup.  Whatever it is, it's delicious.  Unlike the patties at other semi-gourmet chain burger places, the thick patty here isn't overcooked or too dry (Five Guys, I'm looking at you here).  The buttered bun is pretty good too.  Just be warned that the combination of huge fried cheesy mushroom and a thick burger make for a very filling meal.  It doesn't look huge but appearances can be deceiving, as we all know from Macbeth.  I also got a Rittenhouse concrete (chocolate soft serve with coffe beans, marshmallow sauce, and a rich chocolate cookie dough) so I decided to save half of my burger so that I could attack the custard.  The concrete was deliciously creamy but very very rich and quite suitable for coffee-chocolate addicts, like me. I didn't get a chance to try the fries but  they looked very fresh and my friend enjoyed his immensely; they are the crinkle-thick-cut type and a nice golden color.  Next time, for sure.  Yes, the wait is long (30+ min) and the prices are a bit high ($9 for a shack stack and $4.25 for a half concrete) but the food is great and the atmosphere inside busy and crowded but fun.  I should also note that the other half of my burger is still delicious an hour and a half later (I'm eating it as I type; I did toast it in the oven for 3 min. though).  I really do need to find the shack sauce recipe...
Vegetarian mushroom burger ! Um yes I'll take two of those; no need to worry ma'am they will both get eaten. Crinkle fries never will you disappoint me . 

It was my first time here....drunk night 5 whiskey & lemonades in, hungry & already feeling a hangover. 
Thank goodness my cousin suggested this place because I might have not survived the night. A little bit dramatic; okay I guess I am but I'm your worst enemy when I'm hungry & drunk ....okay maybe just more so when I'm hungry ! 

The sauce they use to put on those lightly battered portobello mushroom veggie burger ..mmmhm. If I hadn't had a food-gasm (not sure if that's a word) but you catch my drift; Phenomenal. 

If you're a vegetarian & your drunk then you should know it's really hard to find places to eat that will be amazing after 9pm. Okay so I know your probably thinking; she said they're open late?! Late as in until 11pm people....so what happened was I was drunk from an early happy hour. There I admitted it ! Now back to the food! Oh yeah if your in the Center city area just stop by and give them a try. Tell them Britt sent you hahaha. Gotta love shake shack!
I only crave shake shack for burgers.The cashiers at this location have always been genuinely nice and patient.

The burgers here are slightly crispy on the outside and so juicy on the  inside. The meat is really good in terms of quality and fat ratio. I heard shake shack doesn't use oil when cooking their burgers since the meat has enough fat to cook in its own juices. This is probably why they taste amazing.

The hamburger with lettuce tomato and ketchup is my favorite. The cheeseburger is great too but this burger can stand on its own and is just as good without.

Skip the fries, even the cheese fries because they are terrible. Get a shake instead malted, with your burger and you wont even miss them.
Shake Shack serves my favorite guilty pleasure food.  I'll go out of my way for a meal at Shake Shack whenever I'm in a neighborhood that's lucky enough to have one.

I did just that when I was taking a morning stroll through Rittenhouse Square.  

There's one thing I order every time: shackburger with onions and pickles.  And it's glorious every single time.  This is literally the greatest fast-food burger in America.  It's packed with flavor, there's no added grease, and there's crazy-consistent quality control across locations.  Service is friendly and helpful too.

What I mix up is the flavor of concrete I have for dessert.  These vary across locations, and Philly's signature flavor is the Center City pretzel -- a heavenly swirl of vanilla custard and cinnamon-coated pretzel bits.  It doesn't get much better than that.

On top of all that, the prices are low and the vibe is always modern and comfortable.  Can't ever go wrong with Shake Shack, whether it's in Philly or elsewhere.
Shake Shack's burger is not life-changing, for those who were disappointed by high expectations.

I come to Shake Shack rather than other burger places for these reasons:
- alcohol served
- Shack Stack: crispy-fried portobello ontop your burger
- treats for your furkid
- decent outdoor seating

I never feel too gross after eating here, unless of course you get the Shack Stack, fries, and a milkshake...
I'm not sure why it's called Shake Shack when the burger is the real reason to go. Must be the alliteration.

Don't get me wrong, the shake was okay. Super thick and creamy, like drinking solid ice cream through a straw. No wonder it looked kind of small, if it were any bigger people would suffer lactose-induced arterial embolisms here all the time. But toward the end of it (strawberry), it was getting too sweet and a little gag-inducing. Overall, it was a pretty standard (albeit thick) shake, so I'm not sure I would pay $5 for it again. 

On the other hand, the burger I will go back for, again and again. My first bite into this succulent burger was supremely satisfying, as was every single bite that followed. While first looking at it, the thought of getting ketchup flitted faintly across the back of my mind, but one taste of this burger told me ketchup would be wholly unnecessary. The meat was so moist and juicy, the lettuce and tomato crisp and fresh, the cheese and sauce melding this perfect amalgam of ingredients together on a light and fluffy yet appropriately chewy bun. The single burger, at $4.55, is a good size to leave you wanting just a little bit more and also not feeling fat. 

When taking price into account, I daresay that this burger almost rivals that of Village Whiskey (slightly less than half the price, but slightly better than half as good), which is good news for people who don't want to wait 3 hours for a seat across the street.
Awesome service. A fast food joint where the manager actually walks around and touches tables. Well done.
I really enjoyed it here, I came to philly one night with a couple of friends and my one friend suggested we try this place since she was there the week before. 

  We all ordered and found a seat even tho it was crowed. I ordered a bacon cheeseburger with fries, my friends ordering different burgers as well. The meat was great and the fries cooked perfect with just the right crunch. 

  As we were eating a worker came over to us with two bowls of ice cream, they called them concrete because they didn't move if you turned them upside down, he decided to show us and turn it over on his head and of course it didn't fall. He gave both of the cups to us, one of them vanilla ice cream with cannoli pieces in it and some strawberry jelly, The other chocolate with chewy coffee pieces in it. We all reached for our purses but he stopped us and said "it's on us for you lovely ladies" we thanked him and continued to eat and then all shared the ice cream we were given for free. 

  Later on the manager came over and introduced himself and asked how we were enjoying everything, we told him thank you for the free ice cream and the food was delicious he was glad we enjoyed and went along to asking other customers how their meals were. 

  Staff is super friendly and food is great and I'm not just saying that thanks to the free Ice cream!
If you like long lines, young attractive clientele, organic anything, fair trade coffee, local draught brew, refurbished table tops made out of bowling lanes from Brooklyn, easy recycling and biodegradable dinnerware and an occasional random person who works there coming up to your table with water and ensuring that your time at shake shack is an "enjoyable experience," then shake shack is for you. Notice how I left out food? There is a similar business that does this type of thing, what was it...oh yeah! Starbucks. Shack shack really sells you on the experience. The food is an after thought. It is not that it is bad, it taste pretty good, but is it worth it?

The ingredients are high quality. The crinkle cut fries nostalgic. The patties small. The buns fluffy. The shack sauce...I did not notice it.  Pretty much everything here is unremarkable. You won't go here spitting your food out but you also might not feel so good dropping down so much coin and time out of your life in order to enjoy the "Shake Shack " experience. But hey, I suppose it is better than dealing with the standard unglamorous clientele of most fast food joints.

In sum, you could get better (and cheaper) at other fine Philadelphia establishments. For chains, Five Guys lets you stack everything but the kitchen sink into your burger with fries that puts everyone to shame. You could go to Bobby's Burger Palace for something on the more beefier and unusual side with onion rings that break your toe if you dropped one. Or you can go to my favorite, 500 degrees, for a 1/2 pound rouge burger clone that is more remarkable in taste without any of the "experience" BS.

Hilarious side note: You can get a half bottle of Pinot there for ~$50. At a burger place.
One person's junk (food) is another person's treasure. Or should I say drunk food? That's exactly how it went down last night at Shake Shack. 

We stopped into Shake Shack for a late night bite. My husband and I both went for variations of the hamburger. I wanted mine with cheese without the tomato and ShackSauce. He wanted his without cheese or ShackSauce with the tomato. Another person in our group also ordered a burger, yet ordered it differently from us. A little complex, do you still follow me? 

Well I was super impressed that the employee at the register took the time and effort to confirm the specific orders. How many times has your burger order been messed up in your lifetime? I can't even count mine, but I know the number is large. 

So back to my initial point, I was happy as a clam with my burger. I knew it wasn't gourmet but the greasy goodness was perfect for a late night bite. My husband was completely grossed out by the greasiness of his burger, perhaps he needed another beverage to help make his late night grub a little more enjoyable. 

The Shack Shake burgers aren't gourmet but can hit the spot during an appropriate moment. My food was three stars, but I'll give it the extra star for excellent service for a fast food joint.
I was met with a combination of utter disappointment and extreme fullness upon visiting shakeshack.  The reviews, hype, long lines, articles, aura of shakeshack is pretty intense.  My expectations may have been high, but, given the reviews, hype, long lines, articles, and aura, I feel my expectations were warranted.

Came on a nice sunday afternoon, lines were not too long and moves quick.  You dont get much time to peruse the menu, and if you do, a bunch of people end up ahead of you.  I ordered a single smokeshack, cheese fries, a fair shake, and a victory prima pils. Spending more than $20 at a fast/trendy-food place was unreal, but, maybe it would be worth it. 

Drinking a beer always makes waiting for food easier, but, overall it didn't take too long for the food to be called.  

The burger was....okay.  The bun was, a bun.  The shack sauce was whatever, standard creamy, spicy, sweet situation.  The toppings were solid.  But its a burger.  The actual burger was so disappointing.  Thin, lifeless, low self esteem.  The burger needed some time in the weight room.  While I'm sure they buy high quality, local, sustainable, organic, grass and coconut water fed beef, they just need more of it.  Their burgers are too think to even really request a cooking temp.  The cheese fries are krinkle cut and crispy.  They try to sell lower fat as a pro, but, honestly, if you're ordering cheese fries, nutrition is not your primary concern.  Does anyone really like krinkle cut anything?  The best part of the meal was the fairshake.

Some people are into this type of burger.  A white castle-esque, thin burger that you can chow down.  And by all means, I'm for it, but not for $6.  

So, $20-some and circa 2000 calories later, I felt full, but, thoroughly underwhelmed.  Note, my repeat, confirmatory visit was met with similar findings.  Nonetheless, this place will always get great reviews, and have long lines, and will attract visitors, and make magazine lists for best burger.  I just hope the accolades lead to better food.
The Shake Shack is incredibly delicious.  I just wish it was not so damn expensive!  I ordered a double Smoke Shack Burger, cheese fries and a tap root beer. Here is how they stacked up.

Smoke Shack Burger-  Double cheeseburger with bacon, chopped cherry peppers and shack sauce.  This thing was very good.  The cherry peppers made it.  The bacon was great as well.  Their burgers are so meaty and juicy!  The only thing I would change is a little less shack sauce.  My burger had a bit too much on it.  Other than that it was a great burger.  Side note though....my buddy ordered the same thing and they forgot his bacon.  It was busy in there so he was going to attempt to get it changed but said F it and dug in.  

Cheese Fries-  These were some great fries!  The cheese sauce they use is a mix of 2 types of cheeses.  Its on the thin side, didn't congeal which is nice and stayed hot the whole time while eating these.  I liked the cheese a lot!  I would definitely get these again!

Draught Abita Root Beer-  This was great as well!  Some of the best tasting root beer that I have had.  They put too much ice in the cup though so I mowed down my beverage rather quick and there are no free refills.  A tad disappointed seeing it was like $3.40.

Overall this is a great place!  If it was a few bucks cheaper it would be perfect!  My meal alone was $17.23 and that is pretty pricey for a late night meal.....because of that, I would only come here once a month or so if I lived close.  All the ingredients are top notch though and for the most part you get what you pay for!
My friend and I split the shackburger and the smokeshack. The burger patties were delicious. They were really juicy and flavorful. The bun was okay but I wish it was more toasty and not quite so soft. The price is cheap if you get a single hamburger or shackburger, but gets a little pricey when you pick one of their specialty ones considering the size of the burger. 

I didn't enjoy the fries very much but I really liked the frozen custard. I got the rittenhouse with chocolate custard, la colombe coffee beans, coffee marshmallow sauce and cookie dough. It was really rich, creamy, and I loved the little bit of crunch from the coffee beans. I only got a half size and it was plenty!
Sometimes it seems all I ever talk about is cupcakes. As Philly's unofficial "King of Desserts," I have to ensure that no cupcake goes untasted in our busy Philly market.  Someone this weekend actually walked by me, pointed and said, "Hey, there's the cupcake guy!"  While I do love (L.O.V.E.) my cupcakes, I have a lesser known but life-time long sweet tooth for all things ice cream.  (In fact, in between cupcake feedings, I can often be found lurking at PYT, Franklin Square's Square Burger and Bobby's Burger Place slurping down alcoholic and non-alcoholic shake concoctions filled with Tastykakes, birthday cake, candy bars, real pistachios and graham cracker. Needless to say, when I therefore heard that this Shake Shack place from NYC was moving to Philly I was excited!  I heard only good things about them - and I couldn't wait to get my hands on one of their cool treats.

Finally, it's opening day and a new shack is in town! With loud buzz and much fan fair, Shake Shack opened its doors today with it's delicious menu of burgers, hot dogs, fries, shakes, custard and "Concretes."   They even have specially made dog treats.  I was fortunate enough to attend two previews - and here's my full report!

When I first entered Shake Shack I was first power greeted by the super friendly hostess right at the door. She was joined by a team that would then welcome me, find out if I had any questions, provide recommendations and move me in and out of the line in a timely manner.  (Sometimes that is no small feat as I can dilly dally!)  The crew's high spirits, hand shaking and enthusiastic voice set the tone for what would be a fun experience.  As I worked my way towards the menu I was greeted by delicious but much smaller menu than I expected.  Apparently, the menu is not enormous but what they do, they do well! After great inspection, I  placed my order with the super friendly and helpful cashier.  She provided me with a buzzer and directed me to the back of the restaurant.   Then I waited, for what seemed like an eternity.  It wasn't in fact more than 10 minutes, but I was so hungry and so excited I nearly burst from my chair and ran track-style down the corridor to pick up my first tray of treats.  (No, seriously!)

From first glance, they didn't look like anything out of the ordinary. Then I tasted then and realized why Shake Shack had such a magic hold on New York City.   The stand-outs in the bunch are the Liberty Shell Concrete, the Shack-cago Dog and the Caramel Shake.  The Liberty Shell Concrete was a blend of vanilla custard with strawberry pure,  lemon ricotta and Termini Bros. cannoli shells.  The shells added a nice crispness to the blend -- and the lemon ricotta mingled with the custard was something dreams are made of.   The Shack-cago far exceeded my expectations!  In fact, it actually took my prize for best item on the menu -- which is a lot coming from someone who doesn't often order hot dogs.  What made it so special?  It was topped with everything I love:  Rick's Picks Shack relish, short pepper, celery salt, mustard, onion and pickle all literally.  It even had a cucumber on it, which provided some interesting texture against the dog itself.

Additionally, I enjoyed the fries, cheese sauce, Black and White milkshake and the Fair Shake.  The ShackBurger was delicious, but the overly pink center ruined the tasty toppings for me.  (Crew reported that all burgers are cooked medium, so make sure to ask for it medium well or well if you don't want the pink.) I definitely would order it again with special instructions next time.   The Center City Pretzel was probably my least favorite item.  It was super sweet but none of the flavors stood out.  This could have been due to all the Marshmallow sauce.  While it wasn't on my list to order again, I could see how someone who loved caramel and banana would be a fan!

While I ate my meal and took photos, the staff surprised me yet again with a small touch that went a long way!  My cashier came out from behind the counter and addressed me by name.  She wanted to know about my favorite item and how my experience was.  I later learned that the cashiers are actually trained to remember customers names and connect with them again during their visit.  Due to the high volume in the Shack, it was amazing to think they can juggle this on top of providing great food in a timely manner. Bravo to her and the whole team!

Overall, my experience was a good one!  I definitely will be dreaming of Liberty Shell Custards and Shack-Cago dogs this week.  I might even need to stop for another on my lunch break.
In true foody fashion, after I went and grubbed out on a Village Whiskey foie gras burger, I had to come here and get ... another burger. Because why? Because I LOVE Shake Shack!

I didn't even know they had Shake Shack in Philly, so when I passed by it after dinner I had to go in. I dragged my entire entourage of now 8 people to come with me, and also convinced them to have burgers because they had never tried it before even though they live in Philly.

O.M.G.

Sorry but I love Shake Shack. I think it's way better than In n' Out (I might get massively flamed for this ... ) and I loved it here with no exceptions. Just talking about it makes me miss it :(!
Since the line out the door is generally longer than my lunch break permits, I jumped at the opportunity to try this hyped-up New York originated burger shack when I caught a break in the crowds. Although I had been receiving mixed reviews, this place is a gem.  The burgers are juicy and remind me of the closest thing on the East Coast to an In N Out Burger. 

The cheese fries are quite the indulgence, with a savory cheddar dip that is mouth watering. The staff here is kind and accommodating and the ambiance is very "green". 

According to the signs, Shake Shack is now officially a BYOB, which seems weird, considering the setting and menu. The only alcohol I'd suggest bringing in the cooler are a couple of IPA's to pair with a burger.  

Bottom Line: This place is like Disney World..an over priced tourist trap, but you've just gotta go to experience it.
Quit saying Shake Shack is east coast In-N-Out. Its not. There is no comparison. 

I am from the west coast where we love our In-N-Out, and when I moved out here there were people telling me, "you have to try shake shack, its our In-N-out." Nope, sorry. Not only does it not compare but in my book its not even good in a different way. Let me break it down west coast style:

I bought a burger, fries, med drink, and figured a shake too since they are the Shake Shack (caramel flavor). All total That cost me (1 person) over $17. Wow. Ok. 

So the first thing I try when I sit down are the fries. Meh. These fries were so bland and unimpressive I think Costco fries have them beat. Then I take a sip of the shake. MEH! Seriously? You are called Shake Shack and youre gonna give me a bland boring shake that tastes like nothing special? Wow. Im serious prob could have gone down the street to burger king and had better. The coke was a coke but small for being $5. Finally, the Burger was decent but in spite of being told by everybody how big it was I found it small and wimpy.

I will say one good thing here and its why I gave any stars at all. I did like the flavor of the burger. It had peppers on it which I liked. I had the Smoke Shack burger.

So in summary, if you're a west coaster and youre used to the mecca known as In-N-Out (which did live up to the hype for me, btw), then save your money if you come here, and just order a burger and a water. If I ever go back thats what I'm doing - I honestly would not even get fries and a shake there again even if they only cost $1!
This place is legit. I got a Shack Burger Double, some Fries, and a Black & White Shake.

The burger lived up to the expectations I had from all the hype surrounding this place. The fries are also very very good. Crinkle-Cut Fries are my favorite and they were not greasy, oily, or soggy here. It was crispy and not overly salty. The shake was also a good way to end the meal.

The wait was not too long for Opening Day at 1:30 (Maybe 20 minutes total). Service was great and the staff was friendly and insightful. They talked to everyone and gave out samples of their custard while people waited in line. They cleaned the tables once people left and I noticed they also responded to any order errors immediately.

Comparing this place to 500 Degrees and Five Guys (in terms of Burgers and Fries), I would rank them in this order:

1) Shake Shack
2) 500 Degrees
3) Five Guys
Shake Shack = F#$&ing awesome (I now have to censor myself a little since my nephews read my reviews). But yeah, this place was awesome. They opened on 6/6/12 and it looks like business is doing well at their Philadelphia location. Rightfully so too since they served up one of the best burgers I've ever had and I've had a lot of outstanding burgers. It's what I seek out when I am in any city.

This is what I ordered and I highly recommend them all:
-Double SmokeShack Burger
-Fries with a side of cheese sauce
-Chocolate Shake

The SmokeShack Burger comes with cheese, bacon, chopped cherry peppers, and Shack Sauce. The price tag for this burger is $8.80 (single for $6.25), a little hefty, but you get what you paid for and you just paid for some good a$$ motha f#$&ing s#*%! The fries are crinkle cut, salty and perfectly fried. Get yo'self some cheese on the side because it's maybe the best cheese sauce I've ever had too. The chocolate shake was outstanding, but they also offer vanilla, strawberry, caramel, peanut butter and black & white. 

So if you haven't already, check out Shake Shack for an awesome FIVE STAR burger!
Took wife and my daughter, we had a great meal. The manager (?) stopped by our table to see how all was and welcomed us to the restaurant.  Very nice wait staff
I wished we had one of these in Baton Rouge because this place was so delicious! So I splurged and got the Shack Stack burger which was very delicious, filling and amazing! I don't know who made this burger up but it's the best idea ever! So imagine a cheeseburger with a fried Portobello mushroom that's stuffed with Muenster cheese sitting on top of the meat patty then add lettuce, tomatoes and shacksauce and you've got the most amazing burger ever! It was so messy to eat but that's how you know it's a delicious burger right? So I didn't get any fries or their famous shakes because the burger was huge and I knew I was gonna be so full (and I was) but from what I heard they have some of the best shakes and frozen custards in town.
     I also loved that on the menu they have a couple of items for your pup that you can buy. They have "Bag o Bones" which is a bag of dog biscuits and "Poochini" which is a dog friendly custard mix with peanut butter sauce and some dog biscuits in it. That's so original and cute. If that's not dog friendly then I don't know what is. They also have several tables and chairs outside so people can enjoy their delicious burgers and shakes while their pets enjoy their treats too. The staff was very friendly and our orders came out pretty quick despite the amount of people that were in line. I will definitely come back again to get another Shack Stack but this time I'm gonna have to get a shake to go.
It took me a long time to come back to Shake Shack because of my severe allergy to the crowds at this Center City location, but now I've been back twice in only a few months. The lines have largely disappeared since my last experience, and it is fairly easy to find a table now. Ordering food/drink is quick and easy with the efficient staff--before you know it, you will be holding a buzzer and waiting for your food.

I was tired of the burgers because I've always felt the regular size is just a little too small for the price, so I went for the chicken this time. I am in love. A large piece of fried chicken with just the right amount of crunch to the batter is plainly dressed with some lettuce and pickles, making the $6 price feel worth it. I also had a chocolate shake (nice and thick, but not so much so that you can't use a straw), and some of my friend's cheese fries. The cheese was in sauce form instead of shredded and melted, so it got a bit congealed after a while.

Shake Shack is a great option if you are looking for a quick and tasty meal that won't make you feel completely bloated afterwards (although I can't speak for you if you order alcohol).
I've waited so long for this day to come...SHAKE SHACK PHILLY!

Service is great--super friendly and helpful. I got fries, a double shack burger with bacon, and a root beer. It's even better than I imagined it would be. Super juicy, burger, cooked perfectly (medium) and what I love most is that you can taste the meaty, beefiness because its not overly seasoned. The crinkle cut fries are crispy and salty just overall yummy. 

Total came out to just under 15 bucks and the line was crazy long (45 min wait at 2:45pm on a tues), but that's understandable since today was the first day. 

Its open 11-11 everyday and its right around the corner from me. I can't wait to try their hotdog, shakes, and custard! This is the probably the best day of my life.
I know hamburgers take the limelight here, but I gotta profess my love for the hot dog.

Perfect crunch, decent bun, interesting flavor. Also scallions? It's ideal for late at night when you just need a hot dog fast and Shake Shack happens to be down the block....like when you attend a show at Helium.

I also ordered a cheeseburger sans tomato, which I put in a Tupperware and brought with me to work the next day. Probably a little weird, but it surprisingly held well despite the grease.

I know I also ordered some sort of drink as well, maybe a milkshake? I've had them also while not in a happy-daze, so I can absolutely vouch for the authenticity of my statement when I say that I like the shakes at shake shack.

Could be wrong about the hot dog, but I doubt it.
Shake Shack in my book is basically the the "In N Out" burger of the east.  I've never been, but I've heard and seen nothing but good things about it from friends, family, and celebrities alike.  I also went with my friend's in Philly who have also never been here before.

The first thing we noticed is that everything here was kind of pricey.  I paid about $15 for a cheeseburger, cheese fries, and a caramel milkshake.  Don't get me wrong, because it was good; however, my friends and I don't feel like the food was worth what we paid for.  And there are plenty of other restaurants in the area to get better quality food from.  I recommenced the shake shack if you're looking for a quick bite to eat, but if you want a meal that will really impress you, go elsewhere.

... This place is unique in the fact that it sells dog treats, and allows dogs to sit outside.  Maybe if I was a dog person I'd like this place more.
After years of seeing Shake Shack appear on my FB news feed and reading about the throes of people who brave long lines for this establishment, it was time for me to see what all the hype was about. Luckily, the Philly location was line-less and there was no wait at all. Good thing, because I would have been annoyed about having to wait for an overly hyped burger and an overly sweet vanilla shake.

The cheeseburger was just OK. What was unique about it was its bun - a potato roll toasted in butter. This stood out versus other buns I've had. I thought the meat patty was on the thinner side, especially given the price. All other ingredients (lettuce, tomato, pickle, onion) were fresh but that's a given in the specialty burger joint world these days. The burger's topped with a thousand island sauce that's thicker than In n Out's version.

If given the choice, I'd take In n Out over Shake Shack any day...better burgers (better shakes too, not as sweet) and better value.
Great burgers, shakes, floats, even hard cider! Great fast food burger joint, we were thrilled when they moved into the neighborhood years ago, my husband and son even stood in the giant around the block line on the first day! 
Have to admit I preferred the thin fries when they first opened, now they have thick accordion fries. The kids love the thick fries, and I am the minority. Usually we get the smoke shack burgers, the cheeseburgers, basic hamburgers, shroom burgers, fries...right now they have a special barbecue cheese bacon fries which my son devoured. 
A new custard on the menu daily, as a desert or even a shake. Kids have had the purple cow float many times but I discourage it because they gobbled it up and don't eat their dinner.
Great for take out or eat in, tables in the back and two TVs with streaming sports. 
Go and get your burger fix!
Great food, great service! I chowed down on the Shack Stack, their beef burger patty topped with their shroom burger patty (a fried portobello mushroom exploding with muenster and cheddar cheese). It was also topped off with fresh lettuce and tomato and ShackSauce. Despite the fact that they're probably going to serve hundreds of burgers in the first hours of being open, my burger was a perfect medium. Say goodbye to ordering burgers at restaurants, just go to Shake Shack! I decided to forgo fries and got a "Concrete" instead (think DQ Blizzard). I got the Liberty Shell concrete, which was Vanilla custard packed with delicious cannoli shell pieces and some strawberry stuff. 

The wait was around 40 minutes, start to finish, at opening time on opening day. It still felt like fast service given the swarms of people in line ahead of us. The staff was incredibly friendly, talking to everyone in line, giving out freebies and samples, and helping wherever help was needed. This was probably the best opening of any take out restaurant I've ever witnessed. Well done!
This place sure does the business.  Stopped in for dinner one night with friends to large crowds.  I ordered the chicken sandwich and I made such a good choice.  The seating is limited, but we pulled a few chairs around a table for two.  We were able to get our food and eat, with plenty of time to get to our show.  I've seen this location for a few years and never planned on eating there,but we wanted "fast food" and thought it would be a quick choice.  Just as good as the other locations I've been to, as a franchise should be.
Beloved Shake Shack. How I love you so. Even when I leave NYC, you seem to end up in places where I visit. I used to live near a Shake Shack in Manhattan, and oh boy, did that destroy my physique. I guess daily Shack Stacks and fries can do that to you. Now that Shake Shack has migrated to Philly, people in PA can have a taste of epic-ness.  This Shake Shack is located right in the heart of downtown Philadelphia, around Rittenhouse Square. It's not a large location, but when I went, it was pretty empty and there wasn't much of a line. 

Now if you haven't had Shake Shack before, you're really missing out on something great. Sure, there are great burger spots like In-N-Out, but Shake Shack really trumps them all. The selections here are pretty simple, giving you a choice between 4 types of burgers: Shack Burger, Shack Stack, Shroom Burger, and the Smoke Burger, hot dogs, milkshakes, and fries. Hands down, the best thing to get here is the Shack Stack. Having a nice fried portobello mushroom stuffed with munster cheese, right in the middle of a Shack burger is just a messy masterpiece. With every bite, you get a nice crunch, goo, and burger taste all at once. Just make sure you have a nice $8 to buy one of these bad boys. The fries here are pretty standard, not amazing but not horrible either. If you're a sweets guy, then you're in for a treat. Shake Shack has a bunch of custards to choose from, which are all equally amazing. If that's not your cup of tea, then there are tons of milkshakes too. 

Alcoholic rejoice too because Shake Shack serves wine and beer! What's better than a burger with alcohol? Not much really. 

Shake Shack. I love you so much but you're so damn bad for my diet. For you, I will make everyday a cheat day just to have a good ol Shack Stack and my Arnold Palmer.
Sometimes I feel like eating like a beast. And that's usually when I head over to Shake Shack.

I keep it simple. 

Shack Burger with fries. Unsweetened iced tea. Perfection.

Oh- and the new fries are wonderful. I was not a fan of the crinkle cut dealies they were serving up. Talk about generic. Any way you serve those puppies up they're reminiscent of the garbage you'd get at some cafeteria style operation. Good move on the Belgian style, skin on fries of a more upscale joint. Kudos.

One star removed because every time I have ordered a beverage there is TOO MUCH ICE, and like three sips of soda. Seriously, if you are serving up food that is greasy, salty and begs for a sip of something refreshing every few bites, don't short change your customers. 

But aside from that one short coming it's a great place to grab a burger- maybe bring your own drink?
Yummy ShackBurger, ShackStack (shackburger and a 'shroom burger), milkshakes and cheese fries! They also had a corn dog available but that ended on Labor Day! Great customer service but the wait can be long depending on when you go there. Definitely worth it.
My first Shack Burger was at Madison Square Park so I was thrilled to have one pop up in Philly! I love Shake Shack! The food is consistent and delicious! My orders have always looked like they've come out of a magazine, fresh bright colors on the plates, fluffy buns and crispy golden crinkly fries and or course piping hot.This location is always popping. My favorite is the classic Shack Burger with red onion and a side of fries. The milkshakes are delicious as well.  Once you get through the queue line, you will be handed a buzzer to notify you when your order is ready for pick up. There is a nice sized dining area in the back of the restaurant and tables outside when the weather is nice.
I love that there are treats for the pups as well, unfortunately I've only gone for lunch during the work week so I haven't gotten the paws up from my furbabies on whether they love the offerings or not!
If you have not eaten here, you definitely need to add it on your to do list while in the city!
A solid burger but nothing to write home about. Typical burger that can easily be replicated but obviously better than anything a "clown" or "king" or "girl with pigtails" could make.

The seating here during the weekend is abysmal and its highly recommended to just go for takeout if you're nearby or even just take it to the park for a nice meal on the benches.
Came here with family while visiting sister-in-law for the weekend. They confused my husband's hot dog order and gave him a burger instead. Minor mistake but Derek, the manager apologized and fixed the order and let my husband keep the burger. 

Derek also generously treated our family to all 3 concretes! SO delicious! My favorite was the Liberty Bell concrete with cannoli shells and ricotta, but the Rittenhouse and Center City Pretzel were delicious too. We are from Austin and Derek printed out the recently-opened Austin location menu and gave us a discount card so we could check out the place at home. He also gave me some ricotta to take home since I was sad I couldn't get the same in Austin. Derek was such a nice guy and really made our first Shake Shack experience great. We will definitely be back! Thanks Derek!
How do I know the GF loves and knows me? For the day before my birthday, the GF sent me off to get a surprise massage at Body Restoration and then had me meet up at Rittenhouse. From there, we set off to Shack Shack.

Shack-cago Dog [$4]
Rick's Picks Shack relish, onion, cucumber, pickle, tomato, sport pepper, celery salt, mustard

This time around, I was in the mood for a hot dog, so went with a Chicago-style dog, split and grilled on the flat top. Despite this, the dog could have used a bit more snap especially since the bun was soft. Still, it was delicious, with the celery salt making each bite. 

Shack Corn Dog [$4.50]
Vienna all-beef hot dog, Shack-made corn batter, Ricki's Picks sweet corn relish

For Memorial Day, Shack Shack had a special, which should really be a special every day of the year. The sweet crispy batter yields to the snap of a properly juicy dog. And the sweet corn relish had some great twang to provide some brightness to each bite.

SmokeShack [$6.25]
Cheeseburger, Niman Ranch applewood smoked bacon, chopped cherry pepper, ShackSauce 

And of course, this being Shack Shack, we had to get some burgers. The buns are soft, but that yields to a richer experience due to the contrasting crispness of the burger and bacon. The cherry peppers add some acidity to make this one of the better burgers on the East Coast.

'Shroom Burger [$6.75]
Crisp-fried portobello mushroom, melted muenster and cheddar, lettuce, tomato, ShackSauce

And the shroom burger is a beast of a vegetarian burger, with the blend of muenster and cheddar adding a creamy heft between the crisply fried portobello. Be warned though - it's a veritable explosion of molten cheese lava in your mouth! 

Fries [$2.70]

The one sub-par experience though? Shack Shack got rid of their trademark crinkle-cut fries. So sad, especially since these were a limp, greasy mess. But good news on the horizon! The crinkle-cut fries will be back in the Fall, supposedly better than ever with artificial ingredients removed! Just another reason to stop by Shack Shack every chance I can get.
I SO look forward to Shake Shack when I visit America! This was no exception to the best burgers I have had. The service was good, fast and friendly and the food was delicious. I ordered the original shack burger and the crinkly fries. Delicious. Im drooling just writing this review...

There was an employee there who was VERY nice and helpful. He even offered to get our drink refills for us! I didn't get his name but he was very friendly!
So- I was super hyped to try this place out. I mean Shake Shack is the in-n-out joint of the east coast right? Wellllll, I'm in different about it. I mean, was it good, yea, would I come back, possibly- is it my number 1 lunch spot, no.

I came for the chicken sandwich that I heard would put chick-fila out of business. it was a solid chicken sandwich with an amazing sauce- fresh, flavorful, and great quality. Fries were on point too. Overall, it was a good lunch but it just didn't do it for me. I didn't do my happy food dance. Maybe I need to try the burger.
Popped in here for a late lunch and I walked out pretty disappointed. I had heard so much about 
Shake Shack so I was excited to try it out, but I can now say I really don't get the hype. 

I got the Shack Hamburger with all the fillings (lettuce, tomato, pickles, onions, and Shack Sauce) and it was just... meh. I was most excited to try the Shack Sauce since I had heard so much about it, but it was nothing special and underwhelming in flavor. Was it because there was barely any added to my burger? Who knows, but either way, nothing to rave about. 

It was also a pretty lengthy wait for lunch at 2:30 pm! All I ordered was a hamburger, no fries, no shake. Had I been more impressed with the food, it would have been worth the wait, but unfortunately I can't say I was. 

I'm glad I checked this place out after hearing so much about it, but in all honesty, this was no different to me than just any fast food, drive through burger joint (e.g. McDonalds). If I'm feeling a burger craving coming along in the future, I think I'll just dish out the dough and go to Village Whiskey.
Let me just start off by saying I LOVE SHAKE SHACK. The Shack Burger is without a doubt one of my favorite burgers. EVER!

I was introduced to Shake Shack in Dubai, when I was there for a three-month internship. Man, the burgers were so amazing! The bun, the burger, even the freakin' lettuce is good! That first bite and juices start to flow everywhere!! And I don't know how they do it, but the meat has this distinct taste to it, which is incredibly delicious--I can never get enough.

OKAY--now this is **my experience at Shake Shack in Philly**:

I take my girlfriend there, after telling her my little story, and we're both super hyped to  try this jewel of a burger. 

The service and everything was great, but then comes out our food; my burger does NOT look anything like I was expecting. What happened to that perfect set up of my double shack burger with no tomatoes? Quite frankly, and I hate to say it, but it looked like someone was in a rush to just pile this sandwich and send it out. Almost half of my burger meats were out of the bun. The lettuce was not nearly as fresh as my previous experiences, the bun was all smooshed, and the burger looked so bland and unappetizing. Even that distinct flavor was barely there.

The fries--were not fresh. They didn't look fresh, and certainly did not taste fresh.

Let's just say--I was not back taken to my experience in Shake Shack Dubai. In fact, I was take so far away from it, it hugely disappointed me.

I showed up with my girlfriend to share something I enjoyed while being away from my her, and it totally did not meet the standards.
I've been holding off on writing this review for a few months because I just don't know what to say. Five stars for a delicious, juicy burger on a fresh bun? One star for the most overpriced fast food of my life?  

I appreciate what Shake Shack is doing. They're pulling off a modern take on fast food and obviously using good quality ingredients to do it. I'm also always a huge fan of simpler menus--a lack of fancy offerings and choices means a place can focus on doing what they do right.

I got the SmokeShack (applewood smoked bacon, chopped cherry pepper, and shack sauce) and shared a side of fries. The bacon was good but I didn't like the chopped peppers, and after the first bite I was envying the bf's plain old double ShackBurger. The quality of the beef is very evident, and as I said it was juicy and did not disappoint. The fries were on par with freezer section Ore-Idas but when dipped in the shack sauce they weren't half bad. On the way out I sprung for the chocolate shake, and it was rich and thick and just the right amount of chocolatey taste. 

All that being said, when you're judging anything you take into account its price. Ultimately I'll say this is a better burger than I've gotten even at restaurants in the city, but I get a lot more enjoyment out of a $0.99 Wendy's frosty than a shake I'm paying $5 for. What we paid for lunch isn't anything I'd blink an eye at at a sit-down restaurant, but a $20 fast food meal falls in a weird gray area that I just don't frequent.

Still, though, good burgers.
This chain from NYC serves flavorful fast  food burgers,  but even better chicken sandwiches, both regular and spicy. I can find better burgers elsewhere but their chicken sandwhich is my favorite in the city.  The fries are good, the shakes average. 

So why only 2 stars for a location with the best chicken sandwhich in the city? Well... Unfortunately, this location got caught in a tv expose showing they have mice partying in the restaurant after hours. I hope the embarrassment has spurred them to take action and clean up their act.
It has arrived! After eating Shake Shack in New York City since around 2005, I hadn't gone back to the city without another stop at their awesome burger joints. Once I heard they were in Philly I went there as soon as I could - the day after they opened. I decided to get my classic order, a double Shack burger, fries, a soda (they have grape AND orange!), and a shake.

Although I've heard good things about the Smoke Shack already (yet they've only been open for less than 48 hours!!) but since I knew that I'd be coming back before I even got here, I just ordered my 'usual'. 

The meal met the quality at the NYC locations. The burger is juicy and ever so tasty, with the perfect amount of cheese and special sauce. The lettuce and bread are compliments to the experience and do not overpower anything.

Shakes are great, I've had the Caramel before and Strawberry here. I also got to try the Liberty Shell concrete, with cannoli shells from Termini Bros., it's very good.

The line can be long (rightfully so), but it moves fast. (If you're in it, and it doesn't, blame the people in front of you.) I was there at 10:30pm, and the line was only about half as long as the building its in. But once you're inside, look out for all the jerks who "reserve" a table before they have their food, or in some cases, before they even order (thanks for taking a table to sit at doing nothing for the same amount of time it'll take me to eat my meal and leave).

The seemingly excessive number of staff members were all super perky and excited to be there, even a half hour before its time to pack it up and head home.
The milkshakes are good, but just that. Good nothing stellar. 

The beauty of Shake Shack is that the wait for village whiskey is a little shorter!
What's not to like about this place? Burgers are always on point, fries are delicious and all of the other snacks and shakes could help this place open up a milkshake store by itself. Huge fan of the chicken shack if you want to mix it up from the burgers. This specific location is great because the lines are never too long and there's always a spot to sit. Good spot for outdoor dining as well.
I went to check out Shake Shack two weeks ago for the first time and it was pretty good. I went again today and was VERY disappointed, esp since I had been anticipating it all day. I think zero star would better describe my view of this place.

What went wrong?

1. We went at 8:15 p.m. and there was no line, but we waited 20 minutes for our food.

2. The buns and the patties were misaligned, so the burger started falling apart as I started eating it.

3. The buns were so soggy and gross. The first time, the buns were cripsy and fluffy.

4. The patties were overcooked, thus dry and favorless.

5. We ordered the Rittenhouse^2 concrete and Walnut Pie custard. I waited another 15 minutes to get the desserts and there was no line then either. I walked by the dessert station to see what was going and and noticed the four employees fooling around and eating the dessert themselves.

6. When I got my concrete, it was a mess. Ice cream was dripping on all sides of the cup. The employee didn't give an additional cup or offer to make a new one. $7 dollars for a mess. I had wrap a napkin around it to eat it. 

Shake Shack has so much potential but the unmotivated, poorly trained staff will bring this place down.

I won't be coming back to pay for horrible service and bad food again...
Shake Shack, you rock!

I love this location because there is never a long line. I've never had to wait for more than a couple of people to order before me. This is amazing compared to the super long and cold wait in NY!

The staff is freakishly friendly here. They are always smiling and having a good time. I love it! They're so happy even when they are taking your trash. Can I have some of what they're having? lol

Smoke shack burger is my new fave when I'm craving bacon. The cherry peppers add just the right kick. Order it! You won't regret it!

Seating can be a little tough to find so snag a table first if you come in a group!
If your looking for a Shake Shack and don't want to have to wait in a long line and fight for a table(NYC Shake Shack I'm talking about you)...this is the place to come. 

Ordered a Shackburger that was cooked to a perfection medium unless you tell them otherwise and a black and white shake which was mmmmm good. Even though it was lunch time there were plenty of open tables inside but since it was nice out we sat outside.

The place was very clean and staff was friendly. I like how the meat is free of any hormones or antibiotics. Hot dogs are 100% all natural. They also serve wine and beer.

I didn't forget about my dog at home and got a Bag O' Bones for him which had 5 Shackburger dog biscuits made by Bocce's Bakery...I hope he liked them (well he must of, he ate them fast) those bad boys cost $7.50 which was more then my burger!!
The day has come.
Finally after years of reading about how awesome
Shake Shack in New York is. How the burgers are end all, be all.
Only held to the highest standards, using only the finest meat purveyor
in all of Meatopia, thee "Nobody beats our meat" Pat LaFrieda  with a
custom Shake Shack meat blend. 
After putting off so many times going to NY to try it. It's finally here.
Last year word got out that it was coming to 20th & Sansom st. 
I hardly could contain my excitement. 
Most don't get gitty over this shit, but me being the burger slut,
I got a meat chubby.
That's right a NY icon of burgers is coming to Philly. Shit yea.
Excited I was (Yoda-ism). 
Counting down the months was long indeed.
Alas, I got wind just a few weeks ago it was opening June 6th.
Instant beef boner. So planning my first visit the Saturday after they open I
get a fantastical surprise. A special invite to a private VIP party the night before
opening. HUH??? YEAH!!!! Now if I couldn't be more excited, I sure as shit was.
Greg at the Shack sends me a email inviting me. 
You Sir are awesome. HELL YA, my cockles are warmed!  
I RSVP'd as fast as possible.
Me and all you can eat burgers for free, I can do this.

So I cut out of work early to make it down there, It was busy.Yikes.
We check in, no problems. Nice. Got our wrist bands, I guess so people
couldn't wander in and grub free food. Feeling excited. I walked around for a
minute and Greg found me. What a guy. We spoke about some things
and answered all my questions with a smile. Super cool dude. 
You sir are shrine worthy.

Now, I need food. 
I kept looking at the awesome servers hustling around with
trays of all the Shack goodies. I stopped one of the servers to try
my pink elephant. The Shack Burger. Tears almost welled as the meat 
approached my mouth. I was almost to nervous to bite it.
What if it let me down, there was so much hype built I would feel 
shitty if it didn't blow me away. The moment drew closer as
my hand forced it into my meat-hole. 
YOUGOTTOBEFRIGGINGKIDDINGME
was that redonkulously mind blowing. After inhaling it in 11 seconds
I glance around for more. Give me more, lots more. Stat!

I figured it might be rough trying to get more food, but I was wrong.
The crowds thinned out near the most important spot in the place.
The kitchen doors. Me and the wife planted around the prime local as
all the servers had to swing by us.
One after the other servers kept the food train flowing. 

The meat was so perfectly seasoned with salt & pepper and had that 
perfect crust. The LaFrieda custom blend  of beef for the Shack 
was tear worthy. Not sure of the fat ratio but the beef blend is chuck,
brisket and sirloin. The patties range around 4 to 5oz of heaven. 
Mr. Lafrieda if I could hug you I would.
A great big beefy hug you meat genius. Bravo! The meat party all
rested on a super soft slightly sweet Martin's potato roll. Roll 
retention was in check.
I dug how the cheese beautifully blanketed the meat like a long winters slumber.
All the toppings were crazy fresh, and the bacon was crisp and sublime.
I though for sure some of the many burgers flying out the the kitchen 
wouldn't be consistent, I was so wrong, but happy as shit. The 
kitchen staff blew me away of how well it handled the mob of 
hungry grubbers.
 
I can't leave the potato out of this.
The Shack was rocking old school crinkle cut fries,
which were nicely crisp and salted just right, but I have 
to implore you to get them with the most ass slapping smooth cheese sauce
I've ever tasted.
Hows blended cheddar & American cheeses to coat the fries with. Huh? 
Only the most perfect topping, Fuck ketchup. 

As if I needed more meat, I had to try the Hot dog
which  was sourced from Vienna hotdogs. I was so full from eating four burgers,
but I had to do it. Shoving the wiener in my face had to be done. Hey, not that one.
What a nice grill char to it,but the Chicago toppings really set it off.
It too rested on a potato bun, nice choice keeping it all together nicely.
Loved it. 

Custard. Let me say it again, AHHHH custard. So smooth and velvety. 
I was told the butterfat content was high and you could tell. I couldn't 
even think of any others that came close. All the mix ins were good, but the 
Liberty Shell was the winner. Wow Wee. I was surprised of how well 
it all came together. Second fav was the Rittenhouse 2.
As if my ass needed more sweet I couldn't resist washing down 
my custard with a chocolate shake. Pig I am, so what.

The staff was beyond awesome and they were so on point, it was amazing.
With the throngs of people they were super friendly and always had a smile on.
I had asked a few of them for certain things and was promptly brought it.
I would expect this service at a fine dining restaurant but was shocked to find it here.
Another kudos for the Shack.
I'm Gonna make this review quick because I hated everything about this place although unlikE a lot of other people I didnt wait in much of a line so I'm just gonna break it down

Bun--McDonald's 
Meat--cheaper than McDonald's 
Toppings--had the hot?? And it was a bunch of red crap that we will call peppers I also had a concrete?? And it was nothing special what makes me most upset is the bill came to 12 bucks and Wendy's is much better and it would've only cost me 2.00
My husband and I are burger people. We just love them. One night, craving a burger, but not feeling like hitting a bar, we ventured out to ShakeShack to get some burgers to take home. We decided to go all out and get a burger, fries and a shake each. Definitely a good burger, but I can't say it's the best around. What could make it better? Maybe just another ounce. The burgers are really small, and for the price, they should be a little bigger. Presentation is there, for sure. They look great, but they aren't that memorable.The fries were great, but again, way too small a portion. I get it,  we American's are fat, and like lots of food, but this is different. ShakeShack is expensive, and needs to give a little more. The milkshakes were great, probably one of the best in the city. Milkshake is small too, but that's not a bad thing. Those should be small since a milkshake is not a drink, it's a dessert, so the smaller portion is accurate. I will probably give them another try, but not sure that I would make any special trips here.
The Shack Shake at Rittenhouse Square is one of my favorite go to spots. It's a quick and easy place to grab a classic burger and shake. My favorite burger is anything but classic - the shake stack is two burgers in one. You get the classic cheese burger, then bam surprise you get the shroom burger added on. All smothered with the shake shack sauce. It's extremely messy, so get extra napkins! I'm not the biggest fan of their fries, but the caramel shake is rich and delicious and pairs perfectly with any burger. 

They do take out so if the weather is nice you can eat outside the restaurant or have a picnic in the park.
I know I'm in the minority when I admit that I didn't love Shake Shack in Madison Square Park - the line was insane and the food was mediocre - so I wasn't expecting much when this Philly outlet popped up.  Thank goodness it's so much better than I anticipated.

Here's the thing: it still tips towards fast food rather than gourmet if you ask me, but it runs circles around your regular fast food options.  I was gluttonous and got the Shack Stack - a regular burger AND a 'shroom burger (portobella stuffed with cheese, then breaded & fried) stacked on top of each other.  It's almost too much flavor to handle all at once - I ended up eating the two parts separately - but they were both totally delicious.  I went sans shack sauce because it's mayo-based (which I dislike with every fiber of my being), but if you're a "normal" American who likes mayo, I've been told the sauce is awesome.  The fries are solid - definitely in my top 10 of all time, maybe even top 5.

If you have the time to eat there, hopefully you'll be lucky enough to encounter Richard.  This man LOVES his job.  I'm guessing he's supposed to just bus the tables, but he does so much more.  Along with being a sweet guy who loves to chat, he does whatever he can to make sure you're having a great experience: he brought me my order, then extra napkins, and also gave us free samples of the strawberry lemonade and the custard of the day (Maple Bacon Banan-za).  

One more thing - they list the calorie count on their menu.  This is both terrifying and wonderful.
After much convincing (read: nagging) from my fiancee I finally gave in and decided to try Shake Shack last weekend. From the beginning let me be honest with you all, I LOVE burgers, and even the word "love" might be an understatement, so keep that in mind while reading this review. With that being said, I found the burger at Shake Shack (ShackBurger) to be small for the price, a bit under seasoned, and having a bit too many vegetables compared to the meat. While it was very tasty, it was hardly anything to write home about, and it's definitely not worth a 90 minute line (as can happen during the lunch hour), or the price. I've seen a lot of people on Yelp hating on the fries, and while they are undoubtedly of the frozen bag variety, they are still good (with the cheese sauce they are delicious).

Surprisingly the favorite part of my meal was the hot dog (don't judge my gluttony), which was cooked to perfection on the griddle. Split down the middle, cooked to the point where it wasn't too crisp nor too soft, and placed in a delicious soft bun, it truly is the best "dog" I've ever had in Philadelphia. My dining partner got two dogs with peppers and onions and despite being full actually ordered another one for the walk to the bar (please don't judge him either).

Long story short, you have to try this place at least once. While it may not be like the Shack in Manhattan it is still pretty good (albeit pricey), and if they continue to improve I'm sure they'll become a fixture of the Philadelphia food scene.
I enjoy a good burger. I was underwhelmed unfortunately. The cheese that they put on the burger and fries was AMAZING. The rest.. well.. mediocre. The burger itself lacked flavor. I felt like I was just chewing on cardboard with cheese. I thought the prices were a bit much too.
This is somewhere you go late November before you hibernate or before your body goes into torpor.  I went there we felt really sluggish afterwards  and we didn't even eat that much.

The large blueberry lemonade was pretty good.  It's refreshing on a hate day, but unfortunately I don't think it's freshly squeezed.  At the same time, a large (maybe at least 24 oz) was just under $3, so you can't expect too much out of it.  I would still give it a try if you're okay with empty  sugar.  Generally if something is sugary like that I like it to have SOME vitamin C just so I don't feel as bad about myself, haha.  Bottom line, it's worth the try.

The cheeseburger MF got (something with the word 'stack'  in it and has bacon) was good, except we have never seen a burger that greasy.  It just seemed like pan fried burgers and the buns just soaked up all the grease.  The buns were soggy from the grease... it was quite a sight.  It's kind of like the idea of preferring to eat Crisco in the form of cookies than straight out of that blue tub it comes in.

I got the hotdog with cheese and fried shallots.  It was okay, but the best hotdog.  I don't know what cheese they use but it was really weak.  I think they also butter up the hot dog buns.. though I am not entirely sure.  But for me personally, I am not that fond of butter with hotdogs. Butter and noodles is OK, but not hotdogs.  Maybe they didn't butter the buns, but there was something funky about it.

The cheese fries.... oh dear.  It wasn't bad, but I wouldn't get it again.  They were really stingy on the cheese.  On top of that, its not as fancy as it sounds on the menu. "American cheese" or whatever cheese it was with fries turned out to taste more like that highly processed cheese they use in the Ritz crackers 'n cheese dip handi snack I used to splurge on when I was  only single-digit years old.  

In terms of cheese, I need to make it realllly clear (it's only fair)   that I am an absolute cheese nut.  It practically runs in my veins.  So my definition of cheesy  may be highly skewed.
Can't go wrong here! 

The burgers are delicious as can be. 

Order the SHACK STACK!!!!!!!!! Deep fried cheese and portobello mushroom hugging inside a cheese burger! I ordered it twice on my stay in Philly and I will tell you this was the best thing I ate in the whole city that weekend. 

The bun is so yummy, reminds me of the soft chewy dough of Hawaiian bread.

Cheese fries are good, but wish they were hotter in temperature. 

Service was just alright, but what can you expect from a very busy burger spot.

One of the best fast food chains in America!!!
Growing up in NYC and having worked in the city for 5+ years, I consider myself pretty well versed in all things Danny Meyer. One of the most important restauranteurs in America, he oversees the Union Square Hospital Group. Under that umbrella includes the oft-acclaimed Union Square Cafe, Gramercy Tavern, and the 3 Michelin-starred EMP, which offers an innovative and amazing tasting menu. Despite the accolades, Meyer caters to more than the fine dining crowd, because he knows that everyone loves a good burger. Here is where Shake Shack comes into play.

East Coasters who have been to California often lament the fact that we don't have an In-N-Out. Granted those animal-style burgers and fries are delicious, but in 2004, Danny Meyer answered the call for a great 'fast-food' burger that can actually deliver, with Shake Shack. Initially just a hot dog cart in Madison Square Park in NYC, the success turned into the interminable lines which require a web-cam to properly plan out your meal. It's that good.

With six locations in NYC and outposts up and down the East Coast from Massachusetts to Florida, I was extremely excited when Shake Shack - Rittenhouse opened up in June of last year. But enough talk - let's get on with the food!

Smoke Shack ($6.25 Single / $8.80 Double)
Cheeseburger, Niman Ranch all-natural applewood smoked bacon, chopped cherry pepper, ShackSauce

One of the best-sellers is the Smoke Shack, which features their standard patty, typically cooked around a medium/medium-well temp. As long as the quality of the beef is great, I prefer my burgers medium-rare. However, I could care less how these patties are cooked - they're incredibly juicy and flavorful regardless. This is because we're talking about a baller Pat La Frieda blend. The Niman Ranch bacon was smoky and added extra heft to the single patty (Sue me, how was the rest of my meal was going to fit in the belly of this pig?). The chopped cherry peppers added a bright, vinegary tang to balance out the weight of the meat. The buns on these burgers perfectly house the innards and don't detract or distract from the highlights within. 

'Shroom Burger ($6.75)
Crisp-fried portabella mushroom filled with melted muenster and cheddar, lettuce, tomato, ShackSauce

One of my favorites (a loaded term since pretty much everything on the menu is a favorite) is the 'Shroom burger.A gorgeous portabella? Check. Fried perfectly? Check. Cheddar and muenster working perfectly in harmony to create gooey innards? Double check.

Shack Stack ($8.85)
Cheeseburger, 'Shroom burger, lettuce, tomato, ShackSauce

Go big or go home. If there's an amalgamation of menu items on said menu, it's a safe bet that I'll be ordering it. This monstrosity almost goes overboard, combining a regular ShackBurger and the 'Shroom burger. Just be prepared for a siesta and a few hours in the gym after this goes down your gullet.

Fries ($2.70)
Crinkle-cut Yukon potatoes

I'm usually not a fan of crinkle-cut fries since they remind me of frozen fries. But these are perfectly fried fresh, providing the right texture to balance out the delicious, yet smooth umami of the bites from the burger.

Liberty Shell Concrete - ($4.25 Half / $6.50 Regular)
Vanilla custard, Termini Bros. cannoli shell, strawberry puree, lemon ricotta 

You'd be remiss if you didn't try Shake Shack's custom concretes. Specific to each city, this one is clearly a blend of Philly's best. The rich custard blends nicely with the strawberry puree and the consistency of the lemon ricotta. The Termini Bros. cannoli shell adds a nice textural element to the concrete. This one's a half-size, considering what I had already consumed.

Since opening up last year, it's no surprise that Shake Shack has developed a loyal following in Philly. In fact, Shake Shack is expanding further, with locations in University City and King of Prussia being planned. And if Shake Shack wants to take over the rest of the world, you won't hear any words of protest from me.
Everytime I've been here the cashiers have always been some of the friendliest I've ever dealt with. Also the food is very good. They make a great, simple burger without going over-the-top like some places do.
oh shake shack, I love you way more than I should. I've tried all the "it" burger shops and they just aren't as good. I'm such a sucker for the double smoke stack, I could eat it every day. Matter of fact, pretty sure I'm getting takeout there tonight! Add the pleothera of hot dogs, shakes adn AWESOME fries and man I'm in love
I'd been craving a burger for a while now and didn't even realize it till I walked in today! 

I had the regular Shack Burger - included a thick slice of cheddar cheese and shack sauce with the obligatory lettuce and tomato. The burger itself was a little greasy and made the roll a bit soggy, but it didn't last long enough on my plate for this to bother me: it was delicious. Also got the cheese fries.  Miss the crinkle-cut fries but they were still tasty. 

Looking forward to coming back this summer for the custard selection...
The burgers are slightly more juicy than greasy...thus making them super good, as of late. The fries and drinks rule!  I love their alcohol selection.  Brooklyn brews are my favorite and Jack's cider. The music is usually really good or really bad, which is awesome:/. 

Please stop singing the Happy Birthday song to crowds of drunkards, well into their 30's.  Ain't nobody trying to hear that while eat comfort food (that is not comforting). Everything is awesome except the noise level can be bothersome.  

I'd never try the shroom burger, though.  I'm not into stuffed burgers of any kind).  

Enjoy.
Coming from socal, I'm prefacing this by saying no burger joint shall ever dethrone in n out! That said... I'm now a Philly transplant and I happen to live on the same corner as this shake shack. So I come here pretty much every week. 

Shake shack's burger is juicy and flavorful, with quality ingredients and a nice hint (just a hint!) of sweetness in the buns. At times their patties are a tad too salty, but overall balance well with their fresh greens. Fries, again, are too salty - - but WOW they are good! Perfect level of crispness, and I love the crinkle cut too. Not sure why this variety is so beloved... Is it the extra surface area? Something about the ridges just makes you appreciate each fry that much more.

Too bad it's so expensive though. At $10 for a burger and fries, I could get better quality from Five Guys and twice the portions from in n out. Drop the prices just a tad and I might just eat here everyday!
You are famous for your burgers and shakes? Ughh
Burger is so less than average and shake which I just got is making me sick. 
Dont waste your money and pick other burger place!!!!!
I walked in during lunch and it was surprisingly quiet and I'm not complaining. I was greeted by Mohammed aka MoMo and he was as sweet as you can get. I ordered the black truffle burger and it came out at a reasonable time.

The burger was moist and I can def taste the truffle oil/sauce. I was just hoping it would have more seasonings on the meat to make it more tasty. Other than that, I cant wait to try new creation from them!
Kind of didn't even want to eat our food after dealing with the pickup. Walked into SS to pick up an online order to find most employees not properly wearing their masks, either with their noses exposed or both noses and mouths exposed.

My order couldn't be located and when one of the employees was looking for it, had her exposed face looking into a bunch of pickup bags. Order number, my name, and general description of the items were not really helpful in finding it. Only way we did was realizing that one of my burgers had pickles.

Food-wise, Shake Shack doing its typical thing and good value, but had to nuke the food at home just to be safer.

While I understand places are distressed having to acclimate and cope with this C19 era, I can't recommend this location due to its poor hygiene procedures and lack of effort.
This is a real solid burger...And i'm surprised that no one has yet to mention this, but do you guys notice that there is a difference in quality when you compare Philly shake shack vs NYC shake shacks?

The NYC ones are clearly fresher in quality..
The food is always top notch and I have to say that although people say it's 'a  bit expensive'  you certainly get what you pay for. 1.8 times the cost of McDonald's at 1000% the quality.
Why haven't I had this yet? There wasn't much of a line during prime lunch time and I moved through quickly- order, pay, get buzzed, pick up food, enjoy. I think I got lucky, because I've walked by before, and, with a line wrapped down the block, I've wondered if they were giving something away. I had the ShackBurger, fries, and a b&w milkshake because it's fryday and you can't go to Shake Shack and forgo the shake. For a quick food (is that a thing?) place, the burger was great. It was tender and the veggies were fresh and crisp. The shacksauce on the burger was amazing and was that a potato roll? I like it. The crinkle cut fries were perfectly salty and the shake was heaven. My coworker mentioned she thinks they make them with custard, I think they make them with crack. Whatever they do, it's the perfect creamy dreamy treat. The burger and fries were actually cheaper than I expected- $5 something and $2 something. I thought $5 for the shake was a little pricey since that's what I was paying for the burger, but I'd probably do it again. Can we get a combo or something? Thanks.
Eh. I can't say I'm impressed. I've been here twice.  

What I am pleased by is the "C-Line", reserved specifically for those ordering dessert (and looking to get in and out quickly, of course). 

On their second night of business, I got a Philadelphia Pretzel concrete. It was OK; but only that--OK. The custard was pretty good, but it was not wait 2 hours in line down 20th street good. (Mind you, I didn't wait that long. Again: the C-Line!). The pretzel bits were terrible! Is it actually pretzel? Whatever it was tasted stale and bland.

I'm also pleased at the availability of Draught Root Beer. I purchased this on a later visit. As a non-drinker, I'm always happy when a bar/restaurant puts a root beer on tap which could easily be taken up by another beer. However, they charge $2.65 for a "Regular" which equates to about 12 ounces. It's a bit steep, if you ask me. Especially if you add ice. 

One thing that my girlfriend noticed was the odd pricing for concretes:
If you order a "half" (which is plenty big for one person) a pre-made one is $4.25. Keep in mind their pre-made super-gourmet ones have 3 or 4 "add-ins". If you do a "design your own", which starts at $3.25 for a half, mix-ins are $0.55 each. When you add only two, you're spending more than the 4 mix-in predetermined concretes. If you want 4, you're spending $5.45 vs. $4.25. Okay, sure it's only $1.20 - cry me a river, right? I'd say it's a bit discouraging for those that want to be adventurous and create their own! 

Overall, I'd agree with the Yelp suggestion for 2 stars: "Meh. I've experienced better."
It's possible that my expectations were too high, or that I don't actually like fast food-ish places all that much, but Shake Shack wasn't as great as I had hoped. I ordered a single Smoke Shack and fries to go. The fries were really good, I couldn't help but munch on them on my walk home. The burger was decent... I was a little concerned while I was waiting for my food because I noticed a sign that said burgers are cooked medium unless specified otherwise, and I normally like my burgers a little more well done. It wasn't a problem at all though -- the burgers were so thin, and it was basically cooked all the way through with just a little pink in the middle, which is how I like it. The bacon was a little chewy, but I loved the sauce and the peppers. It was nice and spicy. 

I don't think I would go back, only because it's not really worth the calories. But I'm glad I tried it.
Having been to the original shake shack and a satellite NYC location before, I knew what I was getting when I walked in (and out) of the Philly Shake Shack a few weeks back.  12:30 is NOT the time to go.

So today I was wiser and went at 11:40 AM.
Perfect.  No line.  2 minute wait for a single burger with lettuce and tomato (no Shack-mayo for me) and a Half 'n Half made with STRAWBERRY lemonade.  I also got a taste of the Red Velvet Custard.  It was uber-rich and loaded with cake pieces and cream cheese icing.  The taste was enough - I did not need to get a cup of that caloric-disaster.

Meanwhile, my burger was great (I also enjoy the burgers at 500 degrees and when I've got cash to burn, Village Whiskey).

And they don't call me the "Empress of the Arnold Palmer" for nothin'.  That half 'n half was just what I needed.

Counter lady (I can't remember her name) was lovely and the guy cleaning the tables on the floor was a doll.  Execllent service (prior to the thundering herd that arrives at noon).

Do not come here during peak times.
It's night and day.

Oh - and they were selling a $9 (NINE Dollar!!!) artisinal Brooklyn chocolate bar at the front counter.  Come ON!  It can't be THAT good????
Philly, you're so lucky that Shake Shack settled in your town, but you're definitely missing out on the true experience. There was no line out the door (fine, that's a plus) but there is limited indoor and outdoor seating. Take out is definitely the way to go here. I came on Labor Day with a friend and we ordered shakes and burgers to go. Our orders came out within 10 minutes, but the bags and cups were covered in cheese from other orders and we weren't given napkins. Little things, but little things are annoying when you're wearing a white t-shirt and fashion a yellow cheese stain on your chest because the linemen couldn't keep their hands clean. Overall friendly people and a great location just minutes from Rittenhouse Square, definitely the best place in the city to get your NYC fast food fix.

If you've never been to Shake Shack: thing greasy burgers smothered in cheese and special sauce with fresh lettuce and tomatoes; think Five Guy's style fries that actually look like they were made from a real potato; think creamy delicious shakes made from whole milk; think beer and wine. Doesn't get much better if you need to cure a hangover or raise your cholesterol.
I would love it even more if it were magical calorie-less food, but alas I must admit I dont even care how bad it is for me when I'm devouring whiz fries and a chocolate-peanut butter shake. Sooooo good. It sells itself. The location is also accessible and I like that there are some outdoor tables. I never had to wait very long for my food despite the occasional very long line of people waiting.
Whoa.  It almost seems like it's a trend to hate this place.  

I wasn't wowed, but I definitely didn't regret my trip to Shake Shack.  The line was tamer today than I'm guessing it's been for the past month, so we only waited about 15 minutes from the time we walked in the door until we got our food.  Not fast food, but definitely not slow food, either.    

I went with a single hamburger with pickles, tomato, and lettuce.  I thought the meat was flavorful, it was cooked thoroughly, and it was tender.  The lettuce and tomatoes were pretty typical and the pickles were awesome (they use the thick-cut deli style pickles on their burgers).  People keep hating on the buns, but I had no issue with mine.  And a lot of the reviews say that they are unhappy with the size of the burger, but I thought the portion was spot on.

We split an order of fries and I found them to be tasty.  I finished off my meal with the small homemade lemonade and I was ready to go back outside and combat the heatwave.  I didn't leave feeling disgustingly full.

All in all, not the most amazing place on the face of the Earth, but certainly not the major disappointment that I was expecting after reading the many Yelp reviews.  Gosh, we're becoming a mean little community!  If we can afford to try a $16 meal at Shake Shack, our lives aren't so bad, right?  Group hug, everyone.
I'm writing because this if my first shake shack experience. 

EXPENSIVE! I know everyone can do the math, BUT
2 burgers, 2 shakes, 2 fries = 34 dollars and some change. 

That's fine if the the portions fit the price. This shack burger (single) was smaller than the JR cheeseburger at Wendy's, that's right the JUNIOR burger at Wendy's. Three bites and this burger is completely gone. The burger is so small that the tomatoes they put on are the size of nickels, just so they're not hanging of the edge. 

The fries.. they're crinkle-accordion style fries. so immature, and AND they come in this tiny little container. The sauce tasted like they melted a kraft single in a jar, oh wait, I'm sorry a generic kraft single... let's call it a cheese square.

Don't come here if you don't like wasting earned money. If you happen to stumble upon a suitcase full of money, then and only then is it worth it to come here. 

Very clean establishment and very fast service. They're shake was very good. This earned them 2 stars. 

There are so many better places to get better quality food, bigger portions and a cheaper menu all around the area. 

Thanks for reading.
First of all, if one more person compares Shake Shack to the great In-N-Out, I will punch them in the throat! Just kidding, ya'll. Maybe. 

Cons: 
-One would think because this place classifies itself as a fast food burger joint, that the prices would reflect that but it's still $25 for 2 people! 
-Their fries are always limp and close to being soggy, oily mess. 
-Their burgers are plain, they are missing some sort of secret sauce that should make their burgers unique and pop with taste. Or maybe their ShackSauce isn't just up to par with my taste buds. 
-It takes a long time to get your food. They give you a device that lights up with your food is ready. It's the same device that Olive Garden gives you when you have to wait around 20 mins or more to get a table. Not so "fast food", I guess. 

Pros: 
-they have a clean facility and that's always a plus. Even the bathrooms. 
-they have a menu just for dogs. Love that they cater to the furry children too. 
-they have a variety of sweets and desserts on the menu
-they have lots of seating indoors and outdoors
-they have the cutest "to-go" bags in which to take your meals home.
Super friendly staff that really cared to make the experience as great as possible. I wasn't just a customer, I was a friend. Shake shack is the place to be for good burgers (and even COULD IT BE?? CORNNNNDOGS available only on holiday weekends). Enjoy.
