Seems like everybody was out on this Labor Day weekend. Since we were not too familiar with all the restaurants in the Philly area, we walked around to see what fancied us. Some places were closed, while others had a long wait time. Seeing that this place was packed but we were the next ones to be seated, we decided to eat here. 

Here is what we ordered:
- Beef Tendon w/Hot Pepper Sauce (lovely)
- Shanghai Crabmeat Pork Soup Dumplings
- Crispy Whole Fish in Sweet & Sour Sauce
- Pork Meatballs w/Veggies

The Salt and Pepper Crispy Oyster caught my eye and I was super excited to order it. After about 20 minutes, they inform us that they ran out of oysters. How can you possibly run out of oysters? You're in the middle of Chinatown. Annoyed that they told us much later, I made a hasty decision and ordered their Pork Meatballs. The meatballs were the size of baseballs and were only okay. I found the sauce a bit bitter. This dish came after we finished the entire Sweet and Sour Fish dish. I was pretty full at this point.

The Sweet and Sour Fish was the best out of this entire meal. I just wish that it came with chunks of pineapples and tomatoes. That would have been perfect. 

Overall the food and service was very good. Their menu is extensive. Just didn't like the long wait time. 

The only thing I didn't have to wait on was the check. It came in less than one minute.
I need a quick fix for soup dumplings or XLB(xiao long bao). My previous go-to is Sakura's, but since they were closed due to vacation, I've found a new gem in Chinatown for XLB. The XLB at Shang Hai 1 is not as salty as Dim Sum Garden and the dough is not as thick as Tom's Dim Sum. But it is thicker than Sakura's, but the flavor is good, so I'm not complaining.

I was on my way home so I stop by Shang Hai 1 for take out. I called around 10:05 on a Saturday's night and it was ready at 10:17. I couldn't wait to get home and eat. Once I get home, I liked the fact that their XLB   comes in round plastic container rather than the styrofoam platters. I got 3 pork XLB and 2 crabmeat with pork XLB. Usually I prefer the pork ones over the pork with crabmeat, but it is 50/50 this time. They were both equally as good and deep in flavor. 

Will update review once I try their other items in the future.
I ordered from Chowbus here, and the order was prepared quickly. Unfortunately, the flavor of the dishes left more to be desired. The only great dish I had here was the cold gluten - must get! Everything else - The scallion noodle and shanghai noodle were both a tad too oily and a bit bland - felt like it needed a little something more. The sauce in the sesame noodle was a bit too heavy handed with the peanut butter/sesame and could've used some diluting. I'm grateful that they have an option for vegetable dumplings, which was filled with a good portion of filling - however, this definitely lacked some flavor and needed a dipping sauce to complete it. However, great thing is that it's a good price for a good portion size and vegetarian options are available.
This review reflects only on the Xiao Long Bao, Beef Scallion Pancakes, Crispy Salted Chicken and Dam Dam (sic?) Noodles, all of which are on the Dim Sum Appetizers menu.  

We chose Shanghai 1 specifically for their reputation for good XLB as described by many Yelpers.  The shop is another of those long narrow houses with tables running along the north wall all the way to the restroom.  It is attractive enough with artificial flowers on each table and modern wall hangings.  The service is fast and friendly, especially if Mandarin is spoken in the exchange.  

We found the Soup Dumplings (XLB) to be very good.  The skin was thin, the soup hot and savory, and the ground pork filling, soft and tasty.  The table rocket with the dumpling vinegar was a great tool for squirting into the open pouch once the top knot was bitten off to suck out the broth.  We liked them so much, we ordered another bamboo steamer of 6 after finishing everything else.  

The Beef Scallion Pancake was likewise very enjoyable.  I did not find it overly oily given it was fried in that scalding fluid, and the beef within was tender and brought to sweet life with the Hoisin Sauce in which it had been prepared.  The Crispy Salted Chicken was their take on the fried chicken craze.  The chicken was tender, but the breading a might over-fried to a too-dark brown.  The pieces were very small and included many droplets of plain dough without any meat within.  While the taste was okay, the overall impression was underwhelming.   

Both the XLB and Pancakes were winners, while the Crispy Fried Chicken left something to be desired. I leave it to others to discuss the relative merits of the XLB created by the other shops known for this Shanghai delicacy, Dim Sum Garden and Sakura Mandarin.  If we had stopped with the first three dishes all would have been quite content.  Our son was still hungry and wanted some noodles.  He ordered the Dam Dam Noodles with Chili Sauce hoping to top off his meal with some spicy carbs.  At 19, he can afford to do that.  Unfortunately, he was disappointed with this dish.  He complained that it was tasteless and bland.  He left half of it in the bowl and declined to take the rest home. Perhaps, we should have known given the exotic spelling of the dish.  

We will stick with the Xiao Long Bao and Scallion Pancakes on future visits.
It was cold, wet, and a windy night in Chinatown Philadelphia. We were all hungry after visiting the Christmas Village for the holidays and with several restaurants across from us, we decided to choose this place for their decent reviews.

I ordered the Taiwanese beef noodle soup and beef scallion pancake for appetizer. I am fortunate enough to be living in Las Vegas for nine years where Asian soup from different parts of the world is not hard to find. I would have to say that the beef soup here was less than satisfaction. I prefer my meat cut smaller rather than large chunks, but the meat was very tender. The broth overall was good, but I prefer the Taiwanese  beef noodle soup at Noodle Pot in Vegas.

As for the beef scallion pancakes that seems to be very popular here, is not so popular with me. The sauce was too sweet for me and the pancake was a little bit chewy. The temperature was almost at room temperature that may had contributed for being a little bit chewy. Liang's Kitchen in Vegas has awesome beef scallion pancakes served warm and is seasoned well.

The ladies were great and service was super quick. However, when in Chinatown, I would try other places before coming back here again.
We came here on a Sat for dinner and got seated right away.  The place is clean but no frills.   The food is quite legit here.  Very good Taiwanese food.

1.  Spicy Beef Noodle soup- very good here, broth does have a nice kick, there was ample meat which was super tender
2.  Beef scallion pancakes- must get here.  Sweet and savory without being too greasy.  Only knock is I wish it was a bigger portion for the price
3.  Juicy Pork Dumplings- came out piping out and the dumpling soup very good.  Not as good as the ones I've had in LA but close 2nd

Overall excellent flavors and very authentic.  Bill came out to be $32 bucks for 3 persons which I thought was very reasonable.  Service was so so.  However for the taste and value, we will definitely come back here again and again.
How did I miss this place?  

I actually like the soup dumplings here more than dim sum garden and sakura, which makes it my favorite here in Philly.  They're just bigger and more flavorful. Slightly more expensive but the difference is negligible.  Their scallion pancakes with beef is unique and delicious, although probably over hyped.  The fried chicken is a generous portion and definite worth ordering - I always found Chinese fried chicken to be better.. personal preference. 

will definitely return to try other things on the menu!
Delicious. Arrived at 10pm with expectations bring that it was too close to closing time for them to entertain a party of 2. Quite the contrary.. the staff was very helpful and welcoming. 
We ordered the scallion pancakes with beef, an order of pork soup dumplings, and a pan fried noodle dish. All three were exceptional in flavor and came out in a timely fashion. 
I am looking forward to my next visit.
Another new place in Chinatown. 
I always get super excited when I discover a new Asian restaurant. And ShangHai1 offers both Shanghai and Taiwanese food. 
I went there on my lunch break to order take out, and the menu was a bit overwhelming. Even though the staff were very helpful, still I was confused. 
I ended up getting the scallion pancakes, Shanghai style udon and sesame rice balls.

The tender beef scallion pancakes were crispy and surprisingly sweet. As I expected, the shanghai style Udon was pretty good. Two thumbs up for the stir-fried chewy and thick noodles with baby bok choy, shiitake mushrooms and chicken in dark soy sauce. Wow, simple, delicious and became one of my favorites.

My meal is never complete without dessert, that being said, getting the sesame rice ball with chinese wine was a big mistake. I opened my dessert container, and the thick and viscous translucent broth-like, that killed my appetite!!!  Challenged, I processed exploring the mystery of my container. I just had to. I picked up a gooey, rubbery and squishy little white yellowish Nerf ball-like. I cut the little ball and the black sesame paste was revealed. It's true: Asian cousin is not known for dessert. 

Three and half Yelps!
Replacing what was Tea Magic, this place has really surprised me. In a Chinatown where the soup dumpling game has become more competitive through the years, Shanghai Number 1 is a solid contender as the new kids on the block. I would even dare say they are the best of Chinatown and I do not prefer using absolute words when unnecessary. 

There's a good amount of soup with a perfect meat and dumpling texture. I don't know if I'm revealing their big secret or not: they prepare their soup dumplings as you order, not refrigerated and made from who knows when. That sole distinction alone made a huge difference in the dining experience. 

I can only wholeheartedly recommend the soup dumplings. The scallion pancake, offered in plain and with beef, was good but nothing special. I'll try their fried whole fish that they recommended next time!
We were craving some Taiwanese food and decided to give this place a try.  

What we ordered were:
1) Shanghai steamed pork soup dumplings - $5.99 as of 7/2019.  
Soup broth here was very flavorful as was the meat filling.  Just wish there was more broth in the dumplings!

2) Beef scallion pancakes - $5.99 as of 7/2019. 
Also a hit.  The scallion pancakes were extremely crisp yet tender on the inside and there was enough beef and hoisin sauce to really bring the dish together.  Highly recommended.

3) Garlic watercress - $12.99 as of 7/2019.  Whenever I eat at a Taiwanese restaurant I make it a point to get this as it's delightfully crunchy and light in flavor.  A must have for vegetable lovers.

4) Szechuan Style Tofu (aka Mapo tofu) - $12.99.
Holy balls this was spicy.  Most of the mapo tofu i've had has been fairly mild but let me tell you that they should really emphasize the Szechuan text as it has the classic numbing spice that ma la dishes have.  If you like tofu AND spice then look no further than this!

Overall the food was good though service could be better (took a while to clear away dishes).

If you're in the area and have the same cravings I did then check this place out!
Their xiao lung bao (soup dumplings) are definitely wayyy better than Dim Sum Garden. The skin wasn't tough or chewy, not skimpy on the meat and it was soupy! It's no Joe Shanghai, but won't complain.. This is by far one of the best places in Philly for soup dumplings. Service was great also. The waiter described some items to me in detail and also talked us into getting the beef pancake that I didn't even look at. The beef noodle soup was also very flavorful. Love that unique taste in it. Food came out in a reasonable time. Will definitely be back to try some of their other items.
We got the soup dumplings and pan fried dumplings (total was ~13)..prices are reasonable. I really liked the soup dumplings (crab). Usually I have to go to nyc to get them but this place has decent ones. Juicy and flavorful...comes with 6 of them. The pan fried dumplings were ok. I'd come back to try the other dishes since it's pretty cheap.

This place is basically where the old tea magic used to be, looks the same inside, pretty clean. Friendly service.
Wow! A meal with 3 orders noodles, 1 order of fried chicken, and 2 orders of XLB set my party of 4 back $56 which included tip. I was originally going to go to Dim Sum Garden, because my friend recommended it (she never visited Philly before) but I saw I had a negative experience previously, which lead me to eat at Shang Hai 1. The service here is great, better than typical asian restaurants! The tea was piping hot, and the food came steaming. I ordered a variety of noodles to test out the broth, and the meat. I also tried their regular pork xlb. As a appetizer, I ordered the fried chicken. Honestly, everything tasted amazing and I'm sad that I didn't discover this restaurant sooner! My favorite dish was definitely the fried chicken and XLB. Let me tell you how WELL the chicken was seasoned, I didn't even need to use the spicy mayo that came with it! The XLB skin was thin, and very JUICY. Did you know they ground their ginger into their vinegar? I found that very convenient and I didn't have to get ginger pieces in my teeth. Overall, I had a great experience and I will definitely return!
This would be my 3rd time dining there. The place is always empty when I go in which I don't think is a good thing but here's my reasoning for the 3 stars.. 

1st star go to the kind servers, always quick and humble service and always smiling which is nice. 

2nd star for the salt & pepper squid, OMG, probably the 3rd best I've had in Chinatown

3rd star; being nice

Really though, I've never been blown away or satisfied while dining here. The first time I went in I had a cold and left work early so I Yelped soup in Chinatown and this place showed up. I had a hot piping bowl of wonton soup and a hot tea. The broth in the wonton soup was so beyond BLAND. The broth was clear, like clear clear. Not even the faintest hint of yellow or brown in a normal broth, but anyway.. My other gripe was the hot tea. Every time I've had the hot tea here there's absolutely no flavor! I feel like they just reuse and reside the same tea leaves the whole day, just adding hot water as needed into the pot. I could be wrong about this but my opinion.. 

The second time I had the salt and pepper chicken wings.. Extremely good, had the hot tea and again and you can guess my opinion on that one.. 

Today was my third and I'm afraid last time I'll be eating here.. We had the scallion pancakes; good, oily (not complaining I actually really like oily food) but sadly bland :( 
The salt and pepper squid. Fantastic 
Next was the chicken wings: very delicious 
Last but not least the soup dumplings.. Boring 

I also would add that my water glass had lipstick on it, anyhoooo
Saw the picture of veggie dumplings posted outside the door and we hopped in to grab one of those. However, they suggested to eat them here as it would be easy, and we did. We ordered two of them. They were fresh, delicious and perfectly balanced. Humble food and service in a cute setting. I would recommend them for authentic flavorful dumplings and polite service.
Totally recommend this restaurant for its Xiao Long Bao (Soup dumplings)! One of the most authentic ones I've tried in the US! The soup inside the dumplings is on-point. Definitely less MSG than the ones from Dim Sum Garden. From the staff's mandarin accent, I think most of them come from Taiwan. So they have Taiwanese food as well, apart from the Shanghainese food they are serving. The Shanghai fried noodles have a great Yelputation so I gave it a try. The presentation wasn't great but it's delicious! Apart from that I also recommend the Double Cooked Pork on rice. The seasoning reminded me of Han Dynasty a lot, though the spice level was toned down. Go for it! Certainly won't disappoint!
Worst meal ever. The pork rice is soaking in oil, waitress said this is how they make it. Bad Service
Hmmmm i was confused about what to eat tonight
I passed this place and i thought yeahhh we will try why not...the place looks new and clean

But the food is way beyond expectation
Compared to other chinese or asian resto like empress,penang,tai lake,sang kee or jade harbour even mai lay wah...thumbs down

Dissatisfied! Sorry from the chicken...soup or veggies...not a fan...i was about to peek who is the chef...
The portion is very small..and most importantly unflavour

I'm sorry to say...but i won't recommend this place :(
Came here for the minced pork over rice and bit into pieces that were hard as a rock multiple times. I decided to shift through my food and believe they are bone fragments. I also found some paper material in my minced pork. I use to recommend this place but will no longer do so. I shouldn't have to worry about cracking my teeth when eating minced pork.
Simple review here. 

Dim Sum Garden is the place everyone knows for great soup dumplings. They're phenomenal. 

But if they're too busy, come here instead. Because the soup dumplings here are every bit as good. 

Hell. Come here even if they're not busy. Make this place part of your rotation in Chinatown. It's worth the trip.

Plus, an order of soup dumplings and a platter of shrimp and broccoli over rice came in under $20. Can't beat that.
In a spur of the moment, my girlfriend and I ended up trying this place out and now I think we found a new go-to place in China town. The menu is a blend of Cantonese, Szechuan, and Taiwanese cuisines. And we just had to try a few of their offerings. 

Out of all these options, I highly recommend their soup dumplings (Cantonese - check). The broth that spilled out was rich and subtly sweet. Make sure to pair it with the hot oil and vinegar on the table to elevate the flavors to another level. The braised pork belly (Szechuan - check) was rich and succulent. The fat absolutely melts in your mouth and the sauce is the perfect complement to rice. Lastly, we tried their beef noodle soup (Taiwainese - Check) and it was probably my favorite. The mountain of noodles is covered by piles of beef shank. The mountain was surrounded by an ocean of beefy umami broth. It was hard to not gulp all of it down, but my stomach was filled to capacity. 

We will definitely be back to try more of their dishes!
They specialize in Shanghainese and Taiwanese foods. I came with my parents who are from Shanghai, because I thought they would be the best judges! We talked to the head chef who was also from Shanghai, and they reminisced about the old times and where they grew up. We ordered a lot of things, but my favorites were probably the soup dumplings and sweet and sour whole fish. My least favorite was the cumin lamb. Support chinatown businesses!!
Yummy spot! Highly recommend this place for some soup dumplings in the Philly area. First time here, during COVID restrictions, we were one of the few customers on a week night. We had the soup dumplings, rice cake and the taiwanese fried chicken. The fried chicken is a big portion and a must try, really well seasoned and delicious. The rice cake was good, a little under seasoned and oilu but still good. I do recommend trying their soup dumplings while they are hot, we waited a little too long and they were stale. I am excited fo be back, prices are reasonable and food is good! 

They are using styrofoam plates and cups currently so doesnt look as nice but maybe more sanitary?
We are on a cross-country road trip from west coast.  I have always heard about the Chinatown in Philly but had not had a chance to visit.

We were walking through downtown and decided to stop by Chinatown for some authentic Chinese food.  We just walked by and saw some pictures of their dishes on the window and decided to give it a try.  

Boy, we are lucky!  This restaurant is small but very clean inside.  Wait staff is very friendly.  They offered everything my family love - Taiwanese deli and Shanghainese cuisine.  We ordered General Tsao's chicken over rice, minced pork bowl (huge), pork with bamboo over rice and the soup dumplings (小籠湯包）.  All of us think they were authentic.  We younger boy thought the minced pork bowl (台式滷肉飯）tasted like grandma's.  That for sure is the approval of authentication.

If we lived here in Philly, we would come here all the time!
We're on a quest for our new favorite dim sum spot and started with Shang Hai 1. Points off the bat for a clean  place with friendly service. The Soup Dumplings were delicious...but the dumpling sauce was way too acidic for my taste. The Beef Chow Fun has good quality meat but needs a wok-ier flavor. This is a decent spot, but we'll be continuing our quest.
I thought that this place might have good food, so I came in for a try today while I was in Chinatown waiting for a Greyhound. 

There were a pretty good number of customers here despite the unusual hour (2:30/3, not quite lunch and not quite dinner) and people here seemed to like it. Perhaps I just ordered the wrong thing, but I thought they'd be known for their Dim Sum appetizers, particularly the soup dumplings...

I ordered pork soup dumplings and crispy salted chicken and asked to keep a menu, planning to order more (especially if the food was good). The soup dumplings were alright; the flavor was good and there was a lot of meat as well as soup inside, I thought the meat:soup ratio was not bad because some places make very dry soup dumplings. What I didn't like about these was that the meat inside was kind of tough (maybe cooked for too long?) and the skin was a little too thick. It was also a little annoying because the skin kept sticking to my chopsticks--I have never, ever had this problem anywhere else before, but maybe it's because ShangHai 1 uses plastic chopsticks and other places I've been to use wood? I'm not sure because I usually don't pay attention to those kinds of things, but it's a possibility.

The chicken I ordered completely threw off my appetite. I expected something like Taiwanese fried/popcorn chicken because that's what it looked like in the picture, but what I received was something that looked like fried chicken scraps. I didn't even really taste any meat... it was like I only ordered the fried outside of the chicken. I like fried and crispy things, but even this didn't do it for me because it was more hard than crispy. The flavor was not good at all, which is surprising because it's hard to mess up salt and pepper chicken... In addition, the chicken tasted like it was fried in days old oil. 

I originally thought about giving 3 stars but I knocked it down to 2 because the chicken was so awful. I don't doubt that other dishes at this restaurant are tasty, but I don't even want to eat anything else after having the chicken.
I like their soup dumpling very much. They are fast,delicious and super cheap. Tried couple dumplings here and they were all good. We got experimental and ordered regular menu but they were so so. I will stick to dumplings only from now on.
Came to try it out for the first time. Order dumplings noodles and a pan cake to go. Sitting here waiting for around 30 minutes plus. While others who came before me ordered more than me got their food and left. Not good!!!! I've still haven't even try the food yet!!!!

So finally after 40 minutes of waiting I got my foods. Dam dam noodles, noodles over cooked. Feels like mush in my mouth. Noodles should be aldente correct me if I spelled it wrong. Shanghai dumpling, it's bigger than the two Shanghai gardens old one and new one. But not better. I think the frozen I buy from the super market is better. Oyster pancake or omelette. It had no crispy was to it. It's more like mush and it doesn't seem like it been cook on a hot pan or skillet. I've worked in the restaurant for ten years. I been trained on Chinese, Vietnamese, American, and a lot of different cultures of food. So I know my stuff. This is sad. If I could make your food at home and better. I'm not going back to your place anytime soon. I might give it one more shot but not anytime soon
This place is as average as it gets for Chinatown eating establishments. Wanting to try both the Taiwanese and Shanghainese items on the menu, we ordered the beef scallion pancake (TW), rice cake soup (SH), and minced pork over rice (TW). The beef scallion pancake was spot on flavor wise, but was messy due to poor construction. The rice cake soup had snow peas and carrots in it, making it a very Americanized rendition. Finally, the minced pork over rice, while authentic, lacked seasoning. 

ShangHai 1 is very new, so perhaps the food will get better over time. Maybe I'll come back to try the xiaolongbao other reviewers have enjoyed!
I heard there was a new soup dumpling establishment in chinatown so I made my way over. I ordered the pork soup dumplings, beef scallion pancakes, and dam dam noodles. The soup dumplings had an herbal taste to them which I wasn't a fan of but the dumplings' skin were thin and I liked that. They were also lacking in soup which is primarily the sole purpose of the dish. The beef scallion pancakes were crisp but unfortunately the bbq beef which taste of hoisin sauce was too sweet and over powering. Lastly the dam dam noodles weren't very memorable. The noodles were overcooked and spicy minced pork were too oily and lacking in depth of flavor, I could only taste the spiciness from the dish. Overall, I wouldn't make my way back to this restaurant.
We tried Shang Hai 1 on a caprice as we were looking for somewhere new. We were vacillating back and forth between Shang Hai 1 and the Hidden Gem Cafe. With good reviews from Yelp friends AJ, Sari, Hannah and Gerald, we chose Shang Hai 1.

The experience overall was solid. The staff was very friendly and attentive. They kept refilling our tea and water even though they were quite busy. The soup dumplings were excellent, as good as DSG, maybe better. The crispy chicken that AJ recommended was also really tasty with some interesting spices. We had a fried fish that was very good also.

Shang Hai 1 is a newer, hipper, younger type of restaurants that seem to be popping up lately in Chinatown. They take credit cards too which is a big plus. We are absolutely adding this place to our C-Town rotation.

4 Yelp stars
We came here after we were informed of the long wait at Dim Sum Garden (This is the more popular restaurant for Soup Dumplings).  After looking at the high reviews while we waited in the line at Dim Sum Garden we decided to come here.

Since we wanted to try multiple things, we ended up ordering things on the appetizer menu.

1. Soup Dumplings (Pork) - Comparable to Dim Sum Garden.  The dumplings are good, I feel like the soup is less than what I'm used to.  Also, I can't tell if they make the dumplings fresh or not.  Dim Sum Garden actually make it fresh in front of you so you know you're getting something fresh.  If I need a quick soup dumpling fix in the Philly area without the wait, I wouldn't mind coming back here again.

2. Oyster Pancake - I haven't had this in many places.  This is a Taiwanese specialty and when I saw it on the menu, I knew I want it.  Reminds me of the times when scavenging around the night markets in Taiwan!  Although not as authentic but the taste doesn't disappoint. (You gotta be a Oyster fan to like this thought!).  Definitely try!

3. Shanghai Pan Fried Pork Dumplings - You get 6 of this mother of monkeys.  Sounds intense? Yes, because these will fill you up if you try to stuff yourselves with all 6! Lol So, bring your fam bam, and your home boys/girls and enjoy these together!  Is this a must get? Probably not.  They are good as they're unique

4. Braised Beef (Cold Dish) - I always order a plate of these whenever I'm in a Shanghainese restaurant.  I don't think I've had a bad experience ever.  These reminds of my childhood food growing up.  Definitely great dish to compliment any dining experience.

Service here is great as they were very attentive and food came out fast.

All in all, I'm glad Philly Chinatown is stepping up on their soup dumpling game.  While we still haven't had the mouth explosive soup dumplings of Joe Shanghai (from NYC) LOL.  It's good to see some variety!
Not bad; decently authentic Taiwanese dishes with friendly service. The cold cucumbers didn't taste very well marinated (it didn't have the sweet rice-vinegar-tasting and spicy flavor that I'm used to getting in Taiwan). The pan fried noodles were good. The 3 cup chicken was fine as well. The oyster pancake had a pretty good sauce, but the oysters had a strange sour taste, and the pancake itself lacked the usual generous amounts of stuffing with the chewy gelatinous component that you'd usually get in Taiwan. The scallion pancakes were nice and flaky.
I hail from Southern California which is kind of the capital of Chinese food in the US, and I am super glad to have found this place. I ate here and immediately began to make a mental list of all the friends I wanted to take to this place. It's that good.

The food is authentic, well-priced, and generously portioned. The service is amazing and the place is nicely lit and laid out. 

The Shanghai Pan Fried Pork Soup Dumplings is some of the best I've ever had. A+
Great soup dumplings and shredded beef wrapped in scallion pancakes! The fish soup was very good - would definitely recommend asking for red vinegar because it greatly enhances the flavor. The noodles were good but a bit light in flavor. I think that's just the nature of the dish (it's a scallion oil noodle), so I'll probably order a different kind next time. Overall very good experience and will come back for more Shanghainese and Taiwanese food!
I am a hugh fan of this Chinese restaurant, one look at the menu and you will see things like , dou miao, yu choy, choy sum, gai lan, Shanghai Bok Choy and chicken, beef and seafood entrees you simply will not find on the menus of Chinese American restaurants. This restaurant is billed as Shanghainese and Taiwanese and let me tell you it was a positive delight to dine there. The service was prompt, friendly and the food arrived from the kitchen quickly. I ordered Dry panned chicken and Shanghai bok choy. The chicken dish was somewhat spicy with some vegetables I was familiar with and others I had not seen before, it was simply a remarkable preparation with a unique very flavorful sauce. The Shanghai bok choy was blanched then stir fried with garlic, this too was a master piece of perfect flavor and texture. I always love stopping in Philadelphia"s Chinatown and you can bet Shang Hai 1 is now at the top of my list of reasons why.
New establishment. Since the menu says "Shanghai & Taiwanese Cuisine", as a Taiwanese and missing dearly my grandma's awesome Shanghai home dishes, I have got to give this place a try. Place was clean and staffs are attentive. Over all, our orders came out pretty good. Its Beef Scallion Pancake was a 10! The best scallion pancake we have had in Philly so far. It's flaky and crunchy...and yes...it's oily too. We could actually taste the crabmeat in its Crabmeat Dumpling and they were larger in size than typical dim sun place. Pan Fried Dumpling also taste great. Only one small issue; we both thought the dough was a bit too soft and puffy. It lacked the chewiness from high gluten dough for us. The only dish that disappointed me slightly was the Marinated Gluten. The flavor was there, BUT Its gluten was cut, not hand shredded, and not fried long enough before cooking. According to my dear grandma, those are the two things you can't mess around on a good dish of Marinated Gluten.
Stopped by here last night for dinner. I had a bowl of hot and sour soup, and an order of vegetarian dumplings. It was very good plus they give you a lot! I couldn't finish them, so I had to take the rest of it home. Service was also very good, and fast. I was impressed.
a haiku for review: 
"super nice waitress/didn't laugh at our Chinese/ and the food was great!"

my friend and I (both chinese school dropouts) walked in after drooling at the images of food that remind us of summers at our grandma's houses in Taiwan. The waitress was patient with our chinglish, answered questions, and brought out some deliciousness. Would recommend for a Taiwanese food fix!
This place is not very good. The food isn't very fresh and Veges seem to have been cooked with repeatedly used oil...do not recommend
I have found my new go-to place in Chinatown. With delicious traditional Taiwanese and Shanghainese food, fast and friendly service, and great prices, what's not to love? I came here on a busy Saturday for lunch with my family; the place was packed, but we were able to be seated right away. We ordered the beef scallion pancake, pork soup dumplings, Taiwanese beef noodle soup, and crispy salted chicken. The dishes came quickly and were all delicious. The soup dumplings in particular had a thin, delicate skin and plenty of hot flavorful soup inside. Definitely the best in Chinatown! I love that this place also accepts credit cards on checks over $15, so no cash needed. Will definitely be back for more!
Very casual and fast. Trird this place for the first time and got the soup dumplings, fried dumplings, and cold sesame noodles. Everything was delicious and the owners/workers were so sweet. One of the few places offering dine in right now in chinatown amidst covid. Would definitely recommend :)
Soup dumplings in Philly!!! Check out this spot. They are super friendly and welcoming. 

We visited a but late but they were welcoming and quick to get our good out. 

I have had soup dumplings in various cities and I can say without a doubt these are not only larger than all others but the soup inside is plentiful and a very good amount. 

Yum!!!
4.5 stars. Pretty good Chinese food here. 

xlb/crab soup dumplings are pretty good here. Again, i don't like the vinegar based sauce they have. 

shanghai style udon is probably my favorite new Chinatown dish. 

Chicken w. Sesame Peanuts Chili Sauce Bone - this wasn't bad, the flavors are pretty complex

beef scallion pancake - this was pretty good, but it was really heavy and greasy. i'd share this with like 4 people...that's how heavy it was. 

Fried chicken - they used dark thigh meat i think which didn't have a great flavor. It was ok, but i prob wouldn't order this again. 

Pan Fried Noodle were decent. Its a different flavor than other places. 

Service was really good. It was the flower show weekend so the restaurant was crowded, but the restaurant moved really fast and the food came out really fast good too. 

Hope this place sticks around.
I've ate here at least 5 times and up. The first time was alright. Till the last few times were getting nastier and nastier. The last time I've ever been there, my hot and sour soup was way too salty, I cannot taste any sour or spicy. And the rice I'm pretty it was over night, yike.  After then, I will not ever return there.
Been there twice in one week and found this place to be consistently good. Firstly. The scallion beef pancake brought me back to my childhood in Taiwan. Their standard soup dumplings are very flavourful. The fried dumplings were ok, and I wished they were better fried to create the texture contrast.

I also tried their oyster omlete and I thought it was too gelatenous and the sauce is just not the same...not enough sweet-and-sourness. That was disappointing because growing up in Taipei, this was my one of my favourite dishes especially at night markets.

Back to the good part: I had their braised pork rice dish with egg, and that dish was very authentic and comforting. That is one of those ultimate Taiwanese comfort food. The portion was generous too.

Now about the Dan Dan tofu...what an unique idea and experience. It was so good.

Finally, I tried the Shanghai shu mai. I never had shu mai like these before. It might be the authentic way to do them but I just never had shu mai that was filled with so much sticky rice. The texture was very chewy and it was not as meaty tasting.

All in all, like any place, there are hits and missess. Now I sort of know what to order on their menu, I think this place is a borderline 5/5 and I would definitely go back again.
Saw a new place with a cute bun on the sign. Walked in to try the food. Ordered Shanghai Pan Fried Pork Buns, Chicken w/ Sesame Peanuts, Chicken in Ginger and Basil, Beef Scallion Pancakes, extra bowl of rice for $1. Prices were decent.

Pork buns were not as small as depicted on the menu's picture (I ordered 'cause it looked so cute). But the buns were tasty and there was some soup in it so i spilled all over the table in the first bite... I was more careful w/ my second. 

Chicken w/ Sesame Peanuts (does not at all translate to what the name is in Chinese...) Flavor ok. Chicken pieces were very bony, not enough meat in the dish. Disappointing.

Chicken in Ginger and Basil (another famous Chinese dish that doesn't translate directly). Looked good, smelled ok, but the flavors were not there. Chicken was cooked through.

Pancakes were good. Beef  was tasty, pancake was not doughy, and the plum sauce was a good accent to it.

We ordered 3 orders of pancakes and 2 orders of bus to go with us. We tipped according to what we ate at the table. One of the servers stood over us as we signed the bill and gave us a mean look after she looked at the tip line. I didn't feel I had to tip the to go portion, I guess she felt we did.
Tldr, I would come back. Food was savory and filling. It's easier to order in Mandarin. Ordered soup dumplings, Shanghai siumai, fish and pickled veggie noodle soup, and eggplant chicken. 

It's hard to find good soup dumplings. The skin has to be thin and unpopped, soup savory, and meat tasty -- Shanghai1 met these criteria. It's my new favorite soup dumpling place in Chinatown after the restaurant under the bridge closed.

The fish and pickled veggie noodle soup (酸菜魚片湯麵) had a good ratio of soft white fish, plenty of pickled veggies, and noodles. The broth was wholesome, umami-full, and slightly sour due to the pickled veggies just how I like it. 

Eggplant chicken was good.

The only slight disappointment was the Shanghai siumai mai, since the sticky rice filling lacked enough flavor. 

The staff was friendly, but it's better if you know Mandarin. The restaurant decor was simple, nothing fancy, but the food was satisfying!
We came here on Sunday as soon as they open so that we didn't have to wait very long. We were actually able to put ourselves on the waitlist here on yelp so that was cool. 

We ordered six different dumping. It was good. Everything was good. The dumplings were steamy and nicely made. We were stuffed. I think this place is definitely a great and is a great dim sum option within h China town. The prices are very reasonable too.
Two out of three items were OK tasting-the cucumbers and the cheese wontons. The garlic chicken was basically eggplants with some kind of sweet sauce. Not very good at all. Also I thought the delivery guy was going to flip when I told him I didn't have cash and had to put the tip on the card. Yikes! He even called me twice from his cell phone to give instructions on how to tip, which didn't work. Double Yikes!
I had high hopes for this place as there are not many places with good xlb in philadelphia. But I was disappointed by xlb as well as the dish I ordered. Food overall was very salty and the only thing I could taste in my food was soy sauce. I wish this place could have been better as the atmosphere was pretty nice and price was affordable. I would probably not come back again.
My first time in Philly's Chinatown! My family is from Shanghai, so I was really eager to try the Shanghai Pan Fried Pork Soup Buns. They were delicious, but not the most authentic ones I've had... I would still recommend them though! I also ordered the Beef Noodle Soup Taiwanese Style. I would suggest adding chili paste to the dish if you like your food spicy. I added 2 spoonfuls of chili paste and the flavor was great. Also, the beef was sooo tender! It was like eating tofu. The best thing about this restaurant is the crazy fast service. We got our food less than 10 minutes after ordering!!
I don't understand what's going on here...cold dishes arrived quickly from already prepared area in front counter...seaweed and wood ear mushrooms ( good but only had one mushroom and had to request more mushrooms) and mock duck (which I am not sure they even make in house but was light and really good for gluten)...then Mrs. Song's fish soup came out and all hell broke loose...it tasted like water with egg whites and teeny tiny bits of fish..when we mentioned it had no flavor the waitress brought over vinegar! Then the head waiter ( a tall skinny guy with a beard) tried to explain this mess to us! We said it tasted like water and that stock should of been used..he quickly gathered up the bowls but oddly placing one on the edge of the table as we told him we would like to order the smoked fish noodle soup...the bowl sat there as we did never to receive the other soup order and the waiter from that point on ignored us..we paid the bill and left hungry and went a couple of doors down and got 2 curry chicken buns...what???? This was one of many places recently reviewed in the Inquirer...
Really should be 3.5.  As they just opened, the operations and wait staff were just getting their tempo down.  But they couldn't have been kinder or more earnest.

The restaurant was brand new and looked great.

The food was above par for most of Phila China town.  Some great unique flavors.  Fresh ingredients.  An interesting mix of Szechuan and Dim Sum.  Great rice tea.  Will definitely come back.
I've been to this place 4 times already, all of which were satisfying. My favorite has always been Joe's shanghai but of course philly would offer no such pleasure. So shanghai1 will do. I recommend the crabmeat and pork soup dumplings and the scallion pancakes. The scallion pancake with meat inside is good too when you want to spice up your usual. I have yet to try much else, but from what I've already tried, just stick to the soup dumplings and basics.

I use to enjoy sakura/sakuza, but it seems the chef has changed because the flaky scallion pancakes doesn't taste the same. And dim sum garden was never an option since their food (to me) is horrible. Their soup dumplings skin is too thick and doughy  and their dumpling sauce is lacking. I always preferred the red vinegary ginger soy goodness of dips.

Hope this helps!
4 stars only because their other food isn't much to rave about.
Came in to try a few more dishes. The atmosphere is always very nice and calm here. The wait staff are friendly and attentive. I came here once with my sisters and their 5 kids, most around toddler age and everyone was extremely accommodating. I was a big fan of the Shanghai style udon and the braised pork over rice with egg.  Of course I always have to get soup dumplings and either the beef scallion pancake or regular scallion pancakes whenever I come. This is one of my favorite places in Chinatown!
I went to Shanghai 1 with a group of 8 yesterday. We were craving soup dumplings and one of the guys in the group wanted to try out a new place (as opposed to the usual 'dim sum garden'). 

My sister and I ordered steamed soup dumplings, cold cucumber, and a beef with chili pepper soup. Some of our friends got the Dan Dan noodles, the Taiwanese beef noodle soup, and the sweet and sour soup. 

The soup dumplings were good (not much different from Sakura or dim sum garden), but unfortunately nothing else was. 

The beef w/chili pepper tasted not like a soup, but like sautéed beef thrown into a bowl of noodles and hot water. The broth tasted more like oil residue than anything else. 

The Dan Dan noodles were bland. More reminiscent of spaghetti you'd get from your school cafeteria than Dan Dan. 

I tried the other soups as well and wasn't a fan of either. 

The worst part was that once we left, one of our friends let us know that they'd once found a cooked cockroach in one of their soup dumplings -_-. This was apparently a few years back, but it still made me feel super uneasy. Given everything, I definitely don't think it's worthwhile coming.
I walked into Shang Hai 1 one day for two reasons: 

1) We wanted to try a new place
2) When you walk by, the place smells amazing

And I am so happy we decided to stop in. 

We ordered the Crab & Pork Soup Dumplings, Shanghai Style Stir-Fried Udon Noodles, and the Pork & Bamboo platter. 

The dumplings are probably my favorite in Philly Chinatown at the moment. Although you only receive 6 for the same price as 8 dumplings at other establishments, the taste is far superior. The crab taste is clearly evident, which probably accounts for the price difference. I found the skin to be on the thicker side, but it didnt take away from the overall taste. 

The noodles had great flavor and was a larger portion than we anticipated. However, I did expect more meat/veggies, or other toppings. And the pork with bamboo was also good. 

I also enjoyed the customer service. They were attentive and extremely nice.
Among the restaurants that serve dumplings in Chinatown, Shang Hai 1 is definitely one of the best and probably even better than the dumplings at Dim Sum Garden. I ordered the Shanghai Crabmeat Pork Soup Dumplings, Pan Fried Soup Dumplings, and Six Treasures over Noodles. Both soup dumpling dishes (each had 6) were really delicious. Just poking a hole into the dumpling, allowing the hot juice to ooze out, is a wonderful sight. I recommend to combine the sauce with the dumpling sauce (found on the table) to makes the whole experience delicious and worth lasting. However, the Pan Fried Soup Dumplings was a different story. In fact, it tasted like a soup dumpling but with a 'bao' texture. Rough on the outside. It wasn't bad, but definitely recommend the regular soup dumplings than pan fried. In addition to this, the 6 treasures over noodle was ironically horrible. From the name, I thought this was a signature dish and supposed to be really good. 

NOPE. It was basically a noodle drowned with chili oil. There was supposed to be meat in this dish, but wasn't able to taste it because the whole dish basically tasted like chili oil. 
Service, however, was very friendly and food came out pretty fast. 

Loved the Crabmeat Pork Soup Dumplings, but overall, Shang Hai 1 is not great.
Solid experience. The staff was super friendly and prompt to refill your water/tea before you could even get halfway finished.

We wanted to try a few things and we loved everything. It's so cheap compared to some of the other similar well-known restaurants.  The items we ordered even tasted better!

Highly recommend the soup dumplings as they're one of the best I've had. Also loved the beef scallion pancake. I could see myself craving this. I loaded it up with the chili provided at the table. 

Can't wait to go back!
Food is not the best. Took for ever to get menus after getting seating. Only odered fried dumpling, soup dumpling and a rice bowl. Rice bowl came out. Took the soup dumplings a while to come and after seating and ordering for over half an hour the fried dumpling didn't even come. Asked waiters they say it is coming. Waited an additional 5-7mins and still hasnt come. We left paying only for what we ate.
Given all the reviews I was hoping to walk out of here amazed. We came for lunch while in the neighborhood because the line of another dumpling place was too long for us to wait . The pros: we were seated immediately, with a smile, offered tea, and had our food order taken and delivered almost instantaneously. Our one pork dish with noodles was very, very tasty,  but the steamed pork soup dumplings weren't out of this world. In fact, they were rather fatty and didn't seem to be fresh. As a matter of taste, they just weren't the best I've had. The chicken and corn soup was decent. All in all, the restaurant didn't make any mistakes with our experience, and the waiter/staff were all very pleasant...it just didn't deserve anything above a 3 as a whole.
This place is one of my favorite new discoveries in Philly.  We've been getting take-out from here 2-3 times a week, and are showing no signs of slowing down.   

Everything seems to be delicious here, but some favorites are the Cold Cucumber appetizer, Shang Hai Bok Choy, Taiwanese ginger basil chicken (I prefer boneless), Double Cooked Pork, and their fish dishes are usually great too.  My girl likes the Pork Soup Dumplings, and I'm really looking forward to trying the Beef Scallion Pancake that everyone seems to be raving about on here.  

Do yourself a favor and try this place!
Surprisingly good meal- 12 pork soup dumplings, pan fried pork buns, chives and egg calzones, stir fried shredded potato, and a Buddhist delight casserole. 
Soup dumplings did not disappoint. The wrapper wasn't too thick.
dan dan noodles and soup dumplings are delicious. they're my go to. this place is reasonably priced and I like getting take out from here after work when I dont feel like cooking. The food tastes just as good dine-in or take out. 
  highly recommend! enjoy!
This place is AWESOME!  I wish I could back this up with epic pics of the fabulous food we ate but I was with my sister and her seemingly ravenous three children so everything was devoured within minutes of arriving.  We were 5 people and ate 30 dumplings AND all these other big plates of shared food.

Stand outs we enjoyed---
Pork soup dumplings
Pan fried pork/shrimp dumplings
Pan fried Shanghai? Dumplings with pork?  The big bulky kind my nephew loves-- they come on a plate and not in the bamboo steamer container.  

We were otherwise sort of boring because of the kids, despite me longing to try the food others were consuming here...

The general Tsao's-- very crispy and the spicy version is perfectly spicy.

The 'fried' green beans--- wonderfully crispy and well seasoned!

The pork lo mein and pork fried rice-- both fab.  The rice was particularly good!

The shanghai udon noodle dish-- wonderful.  

The hot tea left a little to be desired-- too weak.  But that wasn't terribly important to us.  The service was exceptional.  We had been touring all day and we all drank about a gallon of water each and they refilled our glasses without asking and before they were empty--- maybe 100 times? :) I felt certain they'd soon bring a hose or ask us to pay their water bill. :)

The restaurant is very clean and the interior is nicely decorated.  It's a little tough that they have just one unisex toilet but that is survivable for the AWESOME food!!
Pretty good Shanghai/Taiwanese food for Phili.  Xiao long bao have great filling.   Jiu cai he zi vey authentic!   Yu Xi paigu also very good but I personally would've liked them cut a little smaller.,

Staff are very friendly.
Soup dumplings were great. Dan Dan noodles were excellent. Scallion pancakes were delicious.
3 for the food, 5 for the service, 4 for the overall ambience, 3 for the pricing

Setting: Sunday lunchtime around 1pm with 1 other guest, we were seated promptly with Chinese music playing in the background and fun decor inside

Ambience: The wait staff are incredibly efficient and attentive

Food:
Xiao Long Bao Soup Dumplings - have a weirdly acidic aftertaste, definitely could do better at other locations such as Dim Sum Garden, would NOT recommend

Crispy Salted Chicken / Popcorn Chicken (Taiwanese) - pretty good crispy texture, large pieces of chicken with a standard serving size and price, comes with a slightly tangy mayo sauce - partially would recommend

Taiwanese fried rice noodle - also pretty standard quality food, comes with a large serving, has egg, some meat, not overly salted

Tips/Takeaways:
-Would recommend return every 5-7 months, would recommend the Taiwanese fried rice noodle
-Would recommend against the Xiao Long Bao here.
-Good overall ambience and service, nice music in background, clean, quick service
I came here to try soup dumplings and Taiwanese food. I've been eating at dim sum garden for so long I wanted to try something different and the soup dumplings here are definitely good. I think the skin is slightly thinner, which is a good thing in my opinion. 

We also ordered scallion pancakes, beef scallion pancakes, braised minced pork over rice, and watercress. They were all very tasty, though the watercress may have been out of season. The braised minced pork lived up to my memory of the dish, and the beef scallion pancakes were a hit as well. We were very full! 

The atmosphere is clean, new, and nice. It was nice there was no wait but it wasn't empty.
Delicious classic shanghai food and good service. I enjoy everything I order: double cooked pork, mapo tofu, eggplant, soup dumplings...YUM! There's never a wait even when I go on the weekends and the food comes pretty quickly. I have grown to love Shang Hai 1 after frequenting Dim Sum for so long and having some meh experiences. You won't be disappointed here!
Its a debate to see whether this place or Dim Sum Garden has better soup dumplings! Friends argue for both, but for me Dim Sum Garden is better for that and other dishes.

Don't get me wrong the soup dumplings are definitely good here; but, the other dishes were sub par to me. The only other dish besides the soup dumplings that we enjoyed were the scallion pancakes. Our other dishes were 1 noodle dish with chicken and 1 braised pork (picture is on the menu). 

The noodle dish was very saucy yet it still did not have that much flavor. Then the braised pork was probably one of the worst I've ever had. If you want to eat all fat then this is your dish. 

The ambiance is good and on a cold day was very warm :)) We really like that. Also, the service was attentive always pouring us tea when needed. 

A good place to hangout and talk while only ordering soup dumplings. 

Tip: Can only use credit above $15.

For 4 people we ordered 2 soup dumplings, scallion pancake, noodle dish, and braised pork. Total came to $13.50 each with tax and tip.
We were here on a Friday for dinner. Tried their pork soup dumpling and the hot pot chicken. The pork soup dumpling was really good. Will definitely be back for more. The hot pot chicken was good too. The service was good. Will be back soon!!
First time here, and I loved my experience. The food was delicious, service was great, and very inexpensive. This is a good alternative to Dim Sum Garden, which can sometimes be a wait, especially during the weekend. I can't wait to come back and try something new.
Came here for some dim sum based on the great reviews this place had! We got there before the dinner rush and the place was pretty empty. Our waiter was very nice and very attentive. We order a few items to split. We got the fried pork dumplings, pork and crab soup dumplings, scallion pancake and egg fried rice. The fried rice came out first and was very good. Oily and salty but still good. Then the scallion pancake came out and it was a real disappointment. Barely any scallions in the pancake and was just bland overall.
We then got our dumplings. The fried pork ones were just okay. Also needed some additional seasoning and the crab/pork soup dumplings were super disappointing. The meat tasted super bland and the broth from the soup dumplings was just meh. It was my husband's first soup dumpling experience and he was not impressed. :/ Overall place is okay. I don't know what the big hype was. Service was good at least.
Came for dinner with a friend.  Ordered their snow pea leaves, pan fried soup dumplings, and pork with peppers and bean curd.  The pan fried soup dumplings didn't have enough soup in them and so were kind of dry (I think the ones at Dim Sum Garden are much better) but everything else was really yummy.  They did a great job on the snow pea leaves.  Cost was roughly $15-20 per person.

Service was excellent and food came quickly.  Would want to try the steamed soup dumplings next time.

They also have lunch specials which are very reasonably priced.
Came here for dinner and ordered the Shanghai bun, stir fried rice noodles and regular noodle, and oyster pancakes. Shanghai bun is decent but definitely could beat the one I had in the past. Oyster pancake is made more like a Japanese style with sauce over it instead of the dry pan fried. Stir fried noodle was good but the rice noodle was terrible. Overall, the food is slightly above average and service was great so I think it deserve a 4 stars.
We came to this place for lunch on a Saturday. We ordered the Dan Dan noodles, oyster pancake, and the pork soup dumplings. Being Taiwanese, the Dan Dan noodles were nothing like what they should taste. The pork sauce was a hot mala spice when it should be a bit savory and sweet of rich pork flavor but it was neither and a bit dry. The oyster pancake, the oysters didn't taste fresh. The soup dumplings were fatty and the pork tasted old. There's nothing really exceptional and that's probably why people go to Dim Sum Garden or the other soup dumplings places instead for much better quality.
Coming from Flushing, I'm disappointed in what they offered as Taiwanese food.
3.5/5

I came here recently as a part of my search for more soup dumplings aka xiao long bao in Chinatown, and I was not disappointed. Shang Hai 1 is a bit on the smaller side, but my brother and I still managed to get a seat on a Saturday evening without a wait -- I'll definitely keep that in mind in the future, since other XLB places (like Dim Sum Garden) are super crowded on weekends. The restaurant was clean, and we were quickly given hot tea after being seated. 

After looking at other Yelp reviews, we ordered the beef scallion pancakes, pork soup dumplings, and taiwanese beef noodle soup. The beef scallion pancakes are one of the best dishes I've had in Chinatown so far; they have everything you'd want in a flaky scallion pancake, with thin delicious strips of beef in between. We got another order of these after finishing the first. Pork soup dumplings were also great. They had a good soup to meat ratio, and the dumpling wrap wasn't too thick. Although these were good, I think i like Dim Sum Garden's more. The Taiwanese beef noodle soup was only okay -- nothing too spectacular, and I thought it lacked flavor. 

Overall, I would definitely stop by again, especially for the beef scallion pancakes.
I am only giving this place 3 stars because I was not too impressed with the beef scallion pancake nor the pan fried pork soup dumplings. The beef scallion pancake was too doughy for my taste, the beef was not proportional to the amount of dough it was wrapped in, there was very little hoisin sauce and scallions were practically non-existent.
The pan fried pork dumplings weren't the worse, but again, I felt they were too doughy for my taste stuffed with little meat. 
The service was great, however. Servers were really nice and attentive. They even brought me extra hoisin sauce when they saw me licking up the last drops of sauce smudged on my plate.
Everything we had was delicious and super flavorful. I had the twice cooked pork and the pork dumplings. The price was very reasonable and would Definitely recommend!
Shang Hai1 was delightful.

We came in today, a chilly Sunday afternoon, ready for some yummy and warm deliciousness. Within a minute of being seated, a waitress came and poured us all tea. I skimmed the menu and saw they had xiao long bao (小籠包), dou miao (豆苗), and niu rou mian (牛肉麵). Also saw they had oyster omelette, which I hadn't tried yet. Everything was hot, fast, and delicious...so much so that I had to post this review (my first Yelp review ever)!

I will also add, my son had more American fare (general tso's chicken), which was quite delicious.

Prices were good. Dou miao was expensive (over $13), but it's always expensive, and this is an average price for this area. 

All in all, I will go back again, many times. :)
Finally - I've found a restaurant in Philly that serves legit Taiwanese food! As a test I tried only the braised pork over rice with egg and chives pockets, and both were legit and delicious! I can't wait to try the other dishes on the menu!
For those who don't like spicy, oily, and robust foods, Shanghai food is the lightest in terms of those categories. Think lots of noodles, dumplings, and soups. This is a good representative of Taiwan and shang hai (I'm Taiwanese) in terms of their lighter cuisines. 

This place does thier soup dumplings right. Makes sense b/c thats where the soup dumpling comes from! I recommend a sharing of this if you're gonna come here. The staff here are very attentive and definitely refill your tea often and the service is good. Its a middle aged lady and some younger women who work on the side. It's a cleaner, modern, and less dingy restaurant in Chinatown if you're into that kind of aesthetics. 

Good for family, kids, friends, couples and very casual. 

I recommend this, a good stir fry rice cake dish, and finish it off with their glutinous rice dumpling soup cooked in wine. Very traditional Shang hai meal. Everything here is a cleaner taste so it's good for the health conscious, hypertensive, and those who don't want their sinuses drained out.
The food comes out so fast while still being very fresh. The house nian gao was savory with the right balance of chewiness and toughness. The eggplant with garlic sauce was so good, and the beef scallion pancake was crispy and flavorful...just the way I like it!
Ran in for a quick lunch and wanted soup dumplings. Big yum! Fast service and good prices.
I discovered this little gem when my husband and I wanted to try something new in Chinatown. Now I come here regularly whenever I'm in the city and bring friends here too. 

We always get the soup dumplings (xlb) and they are very consistent in taste and quality. I've tried soup dumplings at other Chinese restaurants but they're not very good so glad to find this one... And you don't need to wait for a long time like if you were at the  popular xlb place in the area. 

Their Taiwanese pan fried dumplings are also very tasty, but a bit too greasy for my preference. The crispy chicken is also good but would taste better with sauce, so we ask for some sweet chili sauce on the side. 

We've tried other dishes like the main entrees and noodles and so far they have all turned out delicious. Definitely worth a try if you are looking for a new place to eat at!
I ordered the szhechuan tofu over rice & it was extremely spicy! Covered with oily spices, be prepared when ordering spicy dishes. The food was yummy & the atmosphere was homey. The only thing that got me annoyed was the fact that they dont have spoons on the table and you have to ask them for a spoon with most meals.
Ordered delivery through the Yelp app. It was delivered quickly but the restaurant did not pack the order properly for delivery. We ordered noodle soup, chicken and broccoli, and dumplings. The noodle soup opened up and leaked all over everything and made it all a soggy mess. The delivery guy complained about the restaurants packaging, but I'd say he had a right too. Also we ordered two different kinds of dumplings. The steamed soup dumplings were good. The fried ones were raw and soggy on the inside. The food that was cooked properly was just average at best. I wouldn't recommend this place or order from here again. Maybe people get a better experience dining in.
cheap and easy food, not for anything fancy. their over rice dishes are really good, especially the braised pork rice with boiled eggs. the rice is a little dry, but the ground pork and the sauce makes up for it. and it comes with a braised egg and some veggies for only $5.99. overall, shang hai 1 is just reliable and cheap
Shanghai/Taiwanese fusion. 

The 2 things to order are the braised pork rice which is only 6.50, and the beef noodle soup which was around 8-9. For the price, that value cannot be beaten. They were very filling portions that were incredibly tasty, albeit maybe a little salty. 

The chicken dishes were kind of dissapointing and I would not order those again. The garlic eggplant was amazing though- tasted just like what I would eat at home. 

The service was pretty quick and we got in and got out in an hour. Overall a great shop with lots of seating that you can get a reasonably priced meal.
Definitely best soup dumplings in Philadelphia. I love the hot and spicy soup and the house rice cakes and those should be in the order all the times. All the staff is super nice and accomodating and the service is always really fast. Been going here for a year and a half now and it's a mandatory stop every other week. Also it's amazingly priced for the quality of the food.
Came here with friends after church service was over for lunch. As I've been here before a number of times prior, it's worth writing a review to highlight how I found this place to be. For those who don't know, this place is one of a number of dim sum options located in the heart of Chinatown right next to the Chinatown Friendship Arch. Its cuisine mainly consists of made-to-order Chinese/Shanghainese dishes along with your typical dim sum dishes (i.e. egg tarts, scallion pancake, soup dumplings, etc.). Now as for how the food here is? ... Eh just in the middle. Maybe it's the rather noticeably smaller portion sizes. Maybe it's the average joe flavor of the food here. Maybe it's the pricier than other similar joints in the area. Whatever it is, the food & cuisine found here just fails to impress or leave any sort of lasting impression (i.e. blows me out of my mind, you get the point) on me. Would not consider this my first go-to option for dim sum (that belongs to Ocean Harbor or Dim Sum Garden), but the food here isn't terrible either. It's just ... average. Hence, explains the rating I gave it.
This place didn't wow me. I went with two of my friends and our sole purpose was to try their soup dumplings. My two friends absolutely adore them so we were very excited about this place when it first opened up. We got two orders of the regular soup dumplings and two orders of the crab meat one to share among us. We had it and we all agree that is was good but nothing to swoon over. We all actually prefer it elsewhere so I doubt we'll be coming back for soup dumplings. We might come back to try other things on the menu but for the soup dumplings, no.

I do have to mention that the service was a bit chaotic but they all did try  to give us the best possible experience. It was a bit annoying being checked on by multiple servers but I did indeed see their sincerity in giving the best experience so I wasn't particularly annoyed. It was just a bit disruptive when trying to have a conversation with friends.
I do not profess any expertise in Chinese food, other than knowing what I like and what I don't like.  But based upon the food, service and authenticity, in my view Shang Hai 1 is first rate.  Like many Chinese restaurants the menu is overflowing with choices.  Our party had General Tso's Chicken, a couple of varied chicken dishes, and an eggplant dish.  Everyone in our party of four agreed, that the food was quite good.  Only our son was able to finish his whole meal.  Main courses are accompanied by a bowl of rice.  Place settings include nicely lacquered chopsticks--not the throw away wood ones.  Service was first rate.  Our water glasses and tea cups were never empty.

Two things stood out for me as a visitor.  First, the majority of customers were Chinese or Chinese Americans.  Second, the menu is in Chinese completely, along with English translations.

Putting together an authentic Chinese restaurant, where many local Chinese folks go, the use of the Chinese language, which says even more about having Chinese guests, and first rate service, makes this a first rate place in the eyes of my family and me.  We all happily recommend Shang Hai 1.
Food was delicious and  friendly service 
My friends were first timers with dim sum and Taiwanese food so good made me
Think of home cooked meals
This became one of my favorite places in Chinatown. They have great service! Everyone is attentive and moves fast! They also take reservations! You can't beat that! My favorite dishes here are the soup dumpling, scallion pancake with beef, and the crispy chicken! I've been here during lunch, dinner, with colleagues, with family. And all I hear are positive things!
Awesome soup dumplings.  Brings back find memories of living in China.  I had the szechwan tofu, nice and spicy.  The shredded potatoes and lo mien was great.  Very clean and the staff were very attentive.  The front door is a little hard to open, so don't think they are closed, just pull a little harder.
Amazing food and very nice owner!  We love the meatballs, beef scallion pancake, soup dumplings, and smoked fish.  Authentic Shanghainese food.
