My boyfriend and I have been frequenting Shan Chuan at least 3 times a month since we moved here 4 years ago. We have always had wonderful experiences and I can't recommend this place enough!

Have a cold? Feeling icky? Their wonton soup is like a magic potion. Do you like sushi but your boyfriend likes Chinese food? They have BOTH. It is a little pricier than your standard Chinese place but it's so worth it for the quality. Their sushi is priced well and always fresh. 

I wish I could afford to eat here twice a week :) their service is top notch. We've eaten in, picked up and gotten delivery without any issues.
As I read other people's reviews on Chinese restaurants in the area I keep seeing the recurring theme (and I feel it too) that We are all still looking for the One.  

One theory I have developed is the no MSG thing.  MSG tastes good.  All these whiners who get headaches or grow extra limbs from it have ruined it for the rest of us.  Another theory that I think is also a factor is when restauranteurs  veer from what they know in order to shoot for a demographic that they think they can conquer.  In fancy restaurants this is called Fusion and it often fails.  In cheap Asian restaurants it is accomplished by adding Sushi to the menu.

Shan Chuan is another victim to this Con-Fusion.  I walked in and was immediately struck by the Chinese guy standing behind a sushi bar.  As a general rule, I avoid con-fused restaurants but on this occasion I was only there because the Fall Taproom was closed due to no heat and I needed to fill my belly.  I also entered a little before the dinner rush, having missed lunch, and I was the only guest upon arrival.

I was greeted by my waiter who was preparing for dinner by folding napkins.  He gave me my choice of tables, got me a menu and then went back to napkin folding.  

One of the things that I usually enjoy about Chinese restaurants is the nearly overbearing waitstaff who hover and see to every need almost as soon as it becomes one.  They constantly refill water glasses etc.  HEre, there were quite a few people on staff but the only one I had contact with was my napkin folding waiter and he clearly had to finish this before the dinner rush because it took him a while to get back to me to take my order.

I asked for Won Ton Soup, an Egg Roll and the Crispy Orange Beef.  My above timing complaint aside, the soup was fast and the subsequent courses arrived at appropriate intervals.  I drink a lot of water though and I was disappointed in the refill frequency.  

One other notable factor to my dinner was that both the egg roll and the beef were fried and both were just a tad too crunchy and over-fried; not inedibly so but noticeable.  

Lastly, I was feeling self indulgent so when napkin folder brought me my check and take home box I inquired about dessert.  He brought me the menu back and there were fried bananas so I ordered them.  This time around they were not over cooked but I felt that there was something missing.  Maybe a dipping sauce.  They were served, six pieces on a large plate sprinkled with crumbled peanuts and with one concentrated area of sugar that I didn't find in the dark room until I had already consumed as many banana chunks as I was going to.  The sugar would have improved the taste significantly.

So basically what I saying here is I'm still looking for my go to Chinese place.
Shan Chuan is THE BEST Chinese in East Falls. The food is fresh and well prepared. The dishes are flavorful and savory. Sweet & Sour Pork, Chicken w/ mixed vegetables and Chicken w/broccoli are some of my favorites. You can eat in the restaurant or order out. The delivery is sometimes slow, but if you choose to pick up your food it is always ready in about 10 to 15 minutes. They also serve Japanese fare and have beer available as well.
Kenny and the crew at Shan Chuan have been taking care of my family since they first opened.
Good food and they have a liquor license.
If you live in the neighborhood you can it delivered, and we have always had quick delivery of our orders.
While I was only picking up food, I could tell that the service is probably right up there with some of the top places in the area. With that being said, I can't really evaluate the place on the service as I was there for a pickup order.

The food itself was pretty bad. I had extremely high hopes as I saw the place had a good amount of positive reviews, but I was overly disappointed with my order of steamed dumplings and General Tso's chicken.

The dumplings had a weird funk to them and at first I thought it might have been a certain herb that they were using in the mix. Nevertheless, the taste was almost rancid but passable since I was very hungry.

The General Tso's was also pretty bad. While I can excuse the soggy chicken as it was sitting in the pool of sauce (more places really need to learn to cut back on the sauce), the sauce itself was too salty/sour. General Tso's sauce should be sweet/savory/spicy. It was none of these. Almost tasted like a thicken soy sauce with vinegar.

I love Chinese American takeout. If not for the negative affects on health, I would get it 3-4 times a week. But sadly, I will not be going back here any time soon. The lack of parking didn't help much either.
Makes me miss Panda Garden on 11th and Sansom! 

I can settle for this place because it's close, but it really isn't that great.  Particularly for the price. 

The good news is, it is Chinese food, and Chinese food has a tendency to hit the spot.

I'll probably give this place business from time to time. In the meantime...I'll be looking for a substitute.
Shan Chuan was my favorite Chinese place to order takeout from in East Falls. If you've moved to the neighborhood, you have to make this your Chinese delivery place.  The food is fantastic, my favorite is the eggplant. I will admit, I once ordered it with the lamb, and was disappointed by the lamb. The meat was tough, just not that tender slice of lamb I was expecting. But everything else is delicious. They have a great lunch special as well, entree, soup, and egg roll for less than $10 with tip. Their sushi is pretty decent too. Another great place in Philadelphia that I miss!
Love it here it's close its clean the people are very nice and they have free delivery so I'll always tip decent ..it's very good and the Area of East Falls is so nice good location!!! I am very pleased,I'll have to bookmark this
great sushi, solid chinese food. excellent lunch specials.

eat in, take out, or delivery I am always pleased with my shan chuan experience.
Sometimes you have a craving for mexican and taco bell will do, sometimes you have a craving for pizza and papa john's will do, sometime you have a craving for chinese, and no doubt, Shan Chuan will definitely do.

First the owner, or manager, or just enthusiastic employee is incredibly nice and funny both on the phone and in person.  They have fast, prompt delivery.

The food.  I love hot and sour soup, Shan Chuan's is hit or miss; sometimes its incredible, sometimes it is a bit gloopy.  Either way, every time I order, it gets ordered.  The steamed dumplings were soggy as is often the case.  Chinese pizza was pretty good as for chinese pizza goes.  Entree-wise, the hunan chicken was alright.  It really wasn't like most restaurant's hunan chicken.  It was diced chicken with vegetables, heavy pepper flavor, in a brown, black bean sauce.  Still, pretty good, but not what I was expecting.  All other varieties seem about average.  The staples like lo mein, and fried rice are solid.

I wouldn't travel to eat Shan Chuan, but, for fast, solid delivery, its a good option.  It's nice enough that its not like other northern philadelphia establishments that serve chinese-american food with fried chicken and fish, but a notch below good quality, chinese restaurants.
I kind of have a problem with the name of this place- like, I can never say it right.  San Juan?  San Chan?  Shan Juan? What!

I got takeout from Shan Chuan and it was pretty decent.  We got a variety of sushi rolls- all of which were fresh and delicious.   This will become the new sushi place.  The dumplings were a little fishy for my liking but hey, can't win em all.  Prices were reasonable.  Things were ready quickly.

The inside is really nothing to write home about.  Living in the hood, I'd rather just grab and go or have it delivered.
All in all this is an ok place.  I think that they try to cover too many asian bases and dont do any of them spectacularly.  The food is good, it tastes fresh, and it isnt really greasy.  

They have a lot of good items on the menu that aren't standard chinese fare, and the ability to order any kind of asian food you want is nice if it is more than just yourself.

All told, this place is inexpensive, it's clean inside, the delivery is fast, and the food tastes good.  For Chinese/Japanese take-out, what more can you ask for?
1st of all this is a diamond in the rough considering the area, I applaud them for not opening up the same o same o "Chinese food star" bulletproof stand up joint that plagues the Philadelphia city but I digress... So here you can still order the all time holy General Tso's Chicken and a plethora of traditional noodles & Chinese dishes, but the highlight here is definitely the Japanese menu. I am in no way shape or form a sushi expert, though I am far from a novice, with that said  Ive had some melt in your mouth cuts here. 

The have a small sushi bar with cool Japanese chefs & also have a full liquor bar serving specialty drinks, beer, wine, and sake. My aunt lives right around the corner from this place so I walk here anytime im in town. Service is great they treat you with respect. A great choice if you have cheesesteaks & pizzas oozing out your ears and eyes everyday!
Boy oh boy where do I begin..the atmosphere of the restaurant  so eclectic that you really thought you were in for a treat from the extensive menu to the kimono wearing sushi chef.... The facilities were clean and decor nice... So I decided to order the chicken teriyaki  entree and a shrimp tempura roll... The presentation was nice ..food portions we're plentiful.. unfortunately the food wasn't on par with the ambiance... They chicken had a cornstarch batter and had a horrid slimy texture with no seasoning in a thin watered down sauce... I looked for the shrimp tempura roll for redemption but sadly.. to no avail.. When in the city of brotherly love.. I would steer clear of this place
I've never gotten the Chinese here - the the Japanese is A-ok.  I went for the sushi, edemame and seaweed salad.  All of it was good - but certainly nothing to write your momma about.

Prices were decent, place looked semi clean, over all - A Ok.
Look, Shan Chuan isn't going to be getting any Best in Show nominations but it's solid Chinese/Japanese food for a fair price. I'm a fan of their 2 or 3 roll sushi lunch which you can get with soup or a salad. The owner/manager is very nice as is most of the staff and you can be in and out pretty quickly. They also deliver and deliver pretty quickly. All in all, a good neighborhood Asian joint.
Ordered delivery from here a few times but I think we'll stick to our two other favorite spots in the future- 
We have tried many different things but overall the food has just been average at best. The black bean chicken is probably the favorite thing we tried. 

We were not a fan of their beef dishes or their noodles. Beef was dry and noodles were flavorless and oily. The last few times our orders were incorrect so that doesn't help either. Overall it's not the worst spot in the area but definitely has room for improvement!
To sum: Their sushi made me sick. I went in for a 7-ish mid evening dinner and ordered 3 rolls for takeout. I live nearby and had been curious about their sushi offerings. (I'm a Total Sushi Nut!!....) Anyways, I got them home, opened the package and was somewhat disappointed at how small they were. 

Nevertheless, I began eating and they tasted pretty good. Not mind blowing...but solid. Well let me tell you how about half-way through, I started getting that wet-mouth feeling. You know the feeling. The one where you're thinking, "Oh crap, am I feeling nauseous?" But then it passed and I kept eating. BAD MOVE! The same feeling soon returned with a vengeance, this time with stomach pains! Needless to say, I did not finish this meal as a  few minutes later my head was suspended over my porcelain toilet bowl. I guess the sushi wasn't too fresh, eh? 

Bottom Line: I will not be returning to Shan Chuan. Every time I even drive past this place now, I gotta turn my head for fear that Mr. Wet-Mouth is a stalker. Yuck!
Let me start by saying these people have a real funky attitude and their food is not what it used to be guys got a real nasty disposition when he makes a delivery and he's got some damn nerve to ask you for a tip I took those who are on time or before the time and the food at least hot the food was cold this guy showed up at my door without mask or gloves on have had a real bad attitude I'll tell you something I wish I would give you a tip I'll give you a tip right now clean up your attitude and make better food at this location or people are not going to patronize you forget about it who Do You Think You Are this is disgusting you have an attitude with people and you expect them to give you a tip I don't I don't know wherever these other good reviews came from they must have been from your family members and friends because from the people that I'm hearing from and my neighbor's they're all saying the same thing that I'm saying you people are horrible and your food is the cheapest ingredients that's the kind of stuff that makes people sick on their stomach you really have changed over the years I don't know if the owners have changed or what but I'm not going to patronize you anymore and I suggest anyone reading this post to go elsewhere as well if they care anything about their health these days you can't be playing around with people that show up at your door without a mask on at least
I've ordered a few times over the past months and have been happy with everything! Pad Thai, mock sesame chicken, steamed vegetables are all very tasty.
After trying it based on a friend's recommendation I can confidently say this is the best comfort-food Chinese spot in the Roxborough/Manayunk/East Falls area. They deliver quickly, are always friendly, and their food simply cannot miss. Their wonton soup and dumplings are a non negotiable start to any order and from their all of their main dishes are top notch. The fried rice and noodle dishes stand out, particularly the Singapore noodles. Ordering from here has become a weekend staple in our house and I can not recommend it highly enough.
Really good Chinese spot. Delivery came in half the time it promised which always makes for a good start. 

To start we had the Crab Rangoon. I wasn't blown away by it but it wasn't terrible and came very crisp. Additionally I had pork fried rice and sesame chicken. I loved the pork fried rice and enjoyed the sesame chicken. The sauce for the sesame chicken was a bit bland, but that is probably my only complaint. Would absolutely order here again and try some other things on the menu too!
I am thoroughly impressed. I ordered sushi -the salmon skin and "crunchy" shrimp tempura roll. 
(I am a "fake" sushi eater...lol it always has to be cooked!) When I tell you, this has been some of the best sushi I ever tasted? Like I am SO satisfied with how this tasted, I can't stop talking about it! 20 bucks WELL SPENT!!! Even the person that brought the food to my car who works there was SUPER NICE annnnd wouldn't let me tip him! Like whaaaat? 100% recommend for sushi (cooked...lol) lovers!!!
90 minutes for delivery at 9:00pm on Friday  night....just to receive cold mushy vegetable tempura and the smallest cucumber roll I've ever seen. 

Best part?  I paid $20.00 just for that!!

GROSSSSS!!!!!!!!
This is the closest Asian take-out to my house. Thus, the reason I order from here. I don't want to order but sometimes you're too tired to do anything else. I have tried several item- sweet and sour (whatever meat), broccoli and chicken, pea pods and chicken, orange chicken, lemon chicken, egg drop soup, wonton soup, crab rangoons, etc etc. None of which have been that tasty. The leftovers are sometimes eaten but usually just sit in the fridge until I throw them out. They are, however, very quick to deliver and friendly on the phone when ordering. I just wish the food was tasty.
Great sushi delivery!!! After having a great dinning experience during the week. Thought I would try out the delivery service. Extremely impressed with the fresh fish. Beautiful and tasty.
After a long and rainy drive from Raleigh, we wanted some take out Chinese near where we are staying in East Falls.  Reviews on Yelp led us to Shan Chuan.   We only tried two entries, a spring roll and an egg roll, but all were good to very good.   The lomein was especially good,  with lots of roast pork.  Not the cheapest take out Chinese, but serving sizes are huge.
On the fly review: got some chicken fried rice to go.  At ten dollars, I could have funded the Mars rover project or gotten two full rolls somewhere else.  I did like the challenge of eating it without the benefit of a fork.  To pretend I'm a frisky manatee grazing some sea grass, or that vacuum thing with eyes from the Teletubbies?  The adventure continues with trying to coat each rice grain with duck sauce, as they very judiciously provided one (1) packet only.  Wiping my food-spattered face with my sleeve as I type, because hey, no napkins either.  Got to get back to teaching my class, so no chance of driving back to normalize my meal in any way.  As ever, the hipster lint trap of EF/Manayunk overcharges and under-delivers.
Hidden Jem. Nice clean shop and good price for what you get. Had the lunch special and it was tasty. Sushi rolls are a little small but fitting for the price. Still tasty.
If you're craving Chinese food around the area, you can't go wrong with Shan Chuan! We got the Chinese eggplant and Dan Dan noodles and they were both absolutely delicious. I was a bit skeptical at first, because the waiter described the noodles as having chicken and I'm used to Dan Dan being served with minced pork, but it was actually pretty dang good! Service could have been a tiny bit faster, but we weren't disappointed at all. Excellent food, good service. We'll definitely be coming back to try other dishes :)
I really love this place for takeout in the Manayunk /Roxborough neighborhood. It's going to be more pricey than the standard local takeout because the food is a higher quality. The one thing that could improve is being able to order through Grub hub. I always get Mu Shu and substitute shrimp. The fried rice is good and everything is fresh.
The waiter glided over to our table like Jen Yu from Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon. She was that freaking quick. She nurtured my girlfriends incredible urge to drink massive amounts of water, by the minute. So the staff was gracefully energetic. Now on to the food... 

I ordered Orange chicken... mmmmm my favorite . I also love ginger, ya know the pink stuff, that sits next to the green stuff. Unfortunately there's some bad news... My plate was beautifully decorated with a garnish of carved ginger flower and what I thought was wasabi on the side. Unfortunately, my ginger flower, ended up being a carrot! I cried. The Wasabi? It was lettuce. Now even my girlfriend cried. I felt like this was a finishing move and I just lost three rounds of Mortal Kombat. Fatality (deep godlike voice). I recommend they keep the cool carrot design but also add some ginger and wasabi.

On a serious note my Orange Chicken was satisfying, along with the staff, and the environment was cleaner than I expected. I'm sure if you hit the sushi/drinks bar with friends at lunch or dinner time the experience would be gratifying. I just don't know if I can forget about the carrot,  it was a great piece of art, but I can't survive life without ginger. I will give this place a try again soon!
Don't know why it took me so long to write a review for this place, as it is our GO-TO when it comes to chinese takeout.  Never actually been to the venue, so I can't speak for that, but the delivery eats don't disappoint.

We have become almost weekly customers.  The chinese dishes for takeout standards are quite good.  Nothing out of the ordinary - but great for your typical favorites.  Ours usually are hot and sour soup, general tso's shrimp, chicken lo mein.  it's a bonus that they have a sushi menu as well   I usually veto doing sushi takeout - i don't know just seems better as a in-restaurant meal.  But their rolls are not bad at all - the crunchy spicy tuna and salmon rolls are usually our picks, with a side of the sashimi appetizer. 

Not the cheapest place in the world, but they are always timely with their orders - under 40 min for us usually.  A great choice for a lazy evening when you don't feel like cooking and want to indulge in some tasty chinese comfort food.
Good food nice people.  Asked for something not on the menu and they made it just as I asked.

Definitely returning! And quick delivery as well.
I went in for the first time around 230.I had read positive reviews for this establishment.Its not large,small bar and small sushi area to the back.I was greeted and seated right away,next I was given hot tea,noodles with duck sauce and hot mustard.The restaurant had specials listed at the door as well as a generous menu.Nice drink menu as well.Restaurant was clean and service was good.I opted for the Mongolian beef,miso soup and ginger salad.Soup and salad were delicious,unfortunately completely my fault I did not say not too spicy on the beef.I dont get to eat Chinese food too often as I feel it all tastes the same.The waiter immediately rectified and gave me a new order.It was so delicious, beef was generous and very tender.I took leftover home and actually ate it for breakfast it was that good.I will definitely return,cant wait to try some sushi and pad thai. Good job!
After getting my hair done, my guy surprised me with a delightful little bag full of the best sushi I've had in a While.  The shrimp tempura roll was so good that I've been thinking about ever since.  There were also some pieces of yellowtail, which I didn't care for at all.  But that roll -- so good!  Yes, this review is based on one roll only.  It was so good!
Excellent Chinese fare, reasonably priced. Hot n Sour soup a particular standout. I got a 5-pc sushi sampler app for 8 bucks - great price - and the fish was really high quality. Full bar too, with lots of foofy cocktails. I like the E.Falls neighborhood too!  Kid friendly: Junior (age 6) liked his gyoza; he lives for dumplings.
Favorite local Chinese. Even delivers! And always yummy.
I love this restaurant!  The food is delicious and fresh, and the staff is always accommodating.  Last night I had the Pecking Duck Fried Rice -- YUM!!!  The crabmeat Siu Mai is the best ive had, I get it every time we go.  My husband got the seafood delight which came out sizzling on a skillet. He said it was delicious.  This place is great, and the fact they have a full bar and are right in the neighborhood is why they get 5 stars from me.
I love this place it's not exceptional but it's really good. They have Great quality inexpensive food. I usually get the sushi but the Chinese food is great to. My qualm is their terrible egg drop soup. But I'll be back again!
Delicious sushi! Super fast delivery and friendly/professional delivery people.

Variety of rolls 

Real sushi 

Clean restaurant, although small dining space
We happened upon this restaurant by chance. What a pleasure. The menu was great soy of vegetarian choices. I decided to have both sushi and Chinese. My tripe veggie rolls were very good and my mock orange chicken was so delicious. The most surprising part of the meal were the veggie dumplings. Some of the best dumplings I've ever had! My family would also agree that this was a truly fantastic meal. My husband's meal, beef 4 flavors was so tender and delicious that he commented about it several times on the way home. We will definitely go back!!
The sushi Lunch specials are great deals. The food in general is nothing amazing but it meets your sushi fix decently. 

The rice on sushi is packed WAYYYY too tight and has no fluff or texture and many times I feel the rice is slightly too vinegary. The Miso soup is very under-flavored and is very inconsistent in its texture ranging from watery to WTF-watery.

BUT, 
I have gotten delivery from here close to double digits now and they have never gotten my order wrong and despite my complaints I have gotten sushi and Miso soup every time. So take that for what its worth.

And delivery during Lunch does take some time, averaging anywhere from 30 min to a lil over a hour.
I went to Shan Chuan yesterday for dinner. I ordered the take out and this was the first time ever eating there. I ordered the Maki Maki Dinner and it was so good! The dinner included the following: 6 pieces of California roll, six pieces of Spicy Tuna, Miso Soup, 4 pieces of shrimp tempura and Ginger Salad. Holy crap it was good. i tried to eat half and save some but that didn't work. I would definitely get food from here again. And the best part was that it only took ten minutes.
My review is more about the service I received the other day as opposed to the food.

The food in my opinion is pretty good.

My experience was this:

I ordered delivery as I was stuck at work and completely unable to leave, I work less than a half mile from Shan Chuan.
When my food was delivered I mis-calculated the tip in my head and told the driver to just give me a five and keep the difference.
His immediate reaction was, "What? 50 cents? That's all your tipping me?"
I immediately realized my mistake and corrected my error only to have the driver walk off in a huff.

I didn't really think about it until later but they charge a premium for delivery, so if what I chose was to only give the driver fifty cents he should have been thankful to get it at all. Now I would never do that, but I've been a delivery guy and I didn't always get a tip, but I was always appreciative for every cent I got.

Oh yeah, and a $15 minimum for credit cards is ridiculous, I'm only one person.

I hope that someone from Shan Chuan reads this because I would certainly want to know that my employees are turning customers off to their service.
This is one of two favorite Chinese and Japanese  restaurants! The staff is pleasant, sushi is fresh and they deliver
Super fresh sushi tuna and salmon. Just the right amount of rice. I wanted avocado with my fish and they easily accommodated. I love my sushi with hot sake. Delicious meal. Great presentation. I've had their sushi for takeout at least half a dozen times and truly enjoy it. My go to place in East Falls!
Food is always tasty and hot! My  go to is general tso chicken. It's always been delicious!
Drinks are fairly cheap and the sushi is delicious. I ordered the shrimp tempura roll and added cream cheese. Server was nice and we spent about $70 on two people but that's with drinks and about 6 rolls. Atmosphere is pretty chill and casual. Cute first date spot. We came for one of our first date spots nearly 10 years ago!
Reliably good vegetarian Chinese food!  

I really like Shan Chuan because they have a wide selection of vegetarian fake meats, plus they will tweak dishes if say you want less breading or more sauce.  The vegetables always taste fresh and are never overcooked.  The menu is really quite broad - from sushi to vegetarian hot and sour soup - so you have a lot of options.  I've only ever had takeout, so I cant comment on the ambiance - but this really is a hidden gem!!  The mock general tso's chicken is delicious!  Definitely give this place a try!!!  Especially if you are looking for some fun vegetarian options.
Good sushi. They also have higher quality Chinese food than most Chinese places. Always reliable and fast.
i have watched this place go from mediocre to very good. Sushi is good grade. Excellent new chef. He has a gourmet style which separates this sushi on the ridge from the majority of overpriced Crap restaurants in this neighborhood. Yes the pricing should be a dollar cheaper on each item due to location. But since its closeby, and offers delivery. I end up here more frequently nowadays. It's not fancy. No uni. They do have pretty good ikura which is loads better from just a few yrs back. 

Let it be said. Give every place 3 chances. They will almost always come up on smelling like a rose. Now what to do about the decor?
I ordered their take out lunch special today. It was very cheap and the portions were great for the price! I had the general tso's chicken which is my favorite go to dish and I've had it all over California. I'm comparison this one was definitely good, but not the best I've had. 

The plate came with plenty of chicken and about 2 pieces of broccoli. I would have preferred more veggies but that's just my taste. The fried rice was so so I'll probably be asking for steamed rice in the future. 

It came with a choice of soup: wonton, hot and sour or egg drop soup. I chose wonton. The soup broth was very good, not over powering. It came with 2 wontons which was fine for the size of the soup. They were good but there was not enough meat for the amount of starchy that was in the wonton. I had several bites that had no meat in them. 

All in all I'll definitely be returning and reviewing other items on their menu!
I enjoy this restaurant. My favorites are steamed tofu, bok choy, shitake mushrooms with black bean sauce on the side (ask for extra beans) and the eggplant in garlic sauce is great, both with brown rice. The food is tasty and the service is good. The place is clean. And I live a block away, so it is convenient. Oh, I forgot to tell you that the sushi is delicious.
one of the very few places with vegetarian options that will deliver in east falls. i usually get the mock general tso's chicken and mock orange chicken.
We ordered the beef and broccoli and general tsos chicken for take out. They gave us the wrong order of chicken and broccoli instead and the seasoning of both dishes were bland. Definitely had much better Chinese!!! The price isn't cheap either. Will definitely keep a look out for another spot to order from.
Ate here yesterday and the food was great! Service awesome and June our server was very nice and personable! Very big  difference from my previous visit a few months back. 
I had lobster rolls and sashimi appetizer which was extremely fresh and tasted fabulous!
General tso chicken is best around. Fried rice and wonton soup is also Good. Delivery is always fast. A solid choice no matter what you order.
Best place to get Sushi or Chinese Food in or near Manayunk. Hands down. I tried another spot a few weeks ago and was very disappointed. Place has great food, great service, and great prices. Rolls are huge and very tasty. If you want good Sushi and live near or around the MNYK-ROX-EFALLS area, try this place out. You won't be disappointed.
This is definitely a hidden gem. The food is good, there is a bar and they are GOOD drinks. We usually come on a Friday, never too busy. They have homemade duck sauce which is AMAZING. This is an Americanized place, nothing traditional really but they do offer sushi and the normal Chinese store dishes. The servers are funny and always quick.
I don't know why I can't learn my lesson about this place. After taking 4-6 months off due to disappointing low quality food, I tried again today. It was so gross that we're throwing most of it away.... the fried dumplings were most edible, hard and very salty. The Dan Dan noodles were a huge pile of starch with greasy, unseasoned peanut sauce and big hunks of stir-fried chicken. They were also mostly edible. The hunan shrimp tasted like salt and seawater, as of they were old or unrinsed. There were pieces of black bean in it, so maybe they just made the wrong thing? The beef szechuan we could barely touch. It was more like skin than meat. Ever had general tso's chicken that's 100% breading and sauce? This was like that except the breading was thin and sticky, sweet being the primary flavor. We couldn't stomach enough to search for pieces that might actually have beef in it. 

Now you can only curse yourself when, in a moment of lazy weakness, you order it anyway and give yourself diarrhea.
Shan Chuan offers the typical dishes that one has come to expect from a Chinese and Japanese restaurant including sushi. Unexpectedly, however, they feature a rather extensive vegetarian menu which uses meat-substitutes, allowing vegetarians to enjoy the Chinese food dishes that have become staples in such restaurants. Most recently, I ordered the vegetarian general tso, which appeared to be seitan tossed in the generals sauce. It was delicious and came with my choice of white or brown rice, as do all similar entrees. Another notable part of each visit is the complementary tea that is served to each table. It has a very mild flavor and is perfect for sipping before one's food is delivered.
I live 25 mins away and I drive to this location often for the shrimp rolls and wok seared shrimp, my favorite. I like it so much I once told my friends if I ever got married we would have Shan Chaun :)
I have no problem tipping delivery but he threw me off by pulling back my bag of food yelling tip when delivering my food. And why the hell would I or anyone tip someone with this behavior. TIP HUMBLE YASELF AND SMILE that's how u get a TIP.
My place to go for  Chinese near where I live.  If I want an egg roll, fried rice, or Moo Shu Pork, they deliver with a higher quality than take out and the right quality for restaurant.  

If you want more fancy stuff, you'll probably better off heading to Han Dynasty or the top rated Zagat Chinese restaurant.  But if you want your basic, with a little better quality than take out, this will fill your appetite.  And if you live in East Falls like I do, there aren't closer places around, but I find Shan Chuan better than some of the Roxborough Chinese restaurants, so I only have to go walking distance for some quality Chinese food.
Three of us shared eggplant, string beans, and tofu with bok choy and mushrooms. All were delicious.
Convenient Chinese spot located in East Falls. Not excessively priced and they cover most of the staples pretty well(shrimp fried rice, general tso's chicken,etc). They also have some of the best shrimp roll's in the area.
We order from this place all the time. The Chinese and Japanese food menus are both good. Delivery is super fast. In all the times we've ordered, there only ever been one discrepancy between what was ordered and what was delivered. I called them and sent the right dish out in less than 20 minutes.
I ordered some delivery from them tonight. A little pricey but I got a good paycheck so I figured I would treat myself. I got an eggroll, vegetable lo mein, and general tso's chicken. Positives: The general tso's was really tender and a little crispy on the outside how I like it. The lo mein had really crunchy veggies, and the egg roll was packed. Negatives: The lo mein didn't have a ton of flavor and neither did the egg roll. Over all I really liked it though. 
Side note: The soy sauce, spicy mustard, duck sauce and fortune cookies came in this little stapled bag which I loved because usually they just throw that shit in the bottom of the bag.
Little bit pricey but it's because Shan Chuan is pretty high quality Chinese food. 

Your paying for the non cheap food. And it's delightful. 

The sushi is also very good! I like the spicy trio or the chirashi. Very good for takeout Japanese or Chinese food.
Last time I rate this business 4 stars, but their recent order mistakes only warrant a three star, still very good and tasty food
Best delivery chinese food. Highly recommend the Szechuan string beans! It's also a great sit down place.
We order from Shan Chuan all the time! I find their Chinese selections to be delicious but a little subpar, while their sushi is excellent. The spicy trio is our go-to, and the Philly roll (obviously). We often follow it up with some mochi ice cream. Everyone who works there is really nice, we've eaten in a few times, but their takeout was a lifesaver during the lockdown. Looking forward to eating there again sometime soon!
This place is awesome. Their sushi is good, and they actually put effort into their vegan dishes! My partner is able to choose from several different mock meats (get the mock chicken with garlic sauce, trust me). It's really nice that we are BOTH able to enjoy Chinese food despite food restrictions. Prices are about on par with other Chinese food places.

The staff is very friendly and polite, and online ordering through their website is always a breeze. The best part is that they have CRAZY fast delivery times within East Falls - every time we ordered, they got there in less than half an hour. It's awesome. We moved out of the area, but we will sorely miss our dear Shan Chaun.
Ordered the Rainbow Roll, Spicy Tuna, Alaska Roll, Tuna Sashimi, and two Miso soups. The food was incredible and the delivery was easy and quick! I will be ordering from here again!
I ordered the Wonton Soup, Steamed Dumplings, and Vegetable Fried Rice. The food overall was tasty and the prices were fair. I felt that the dumplings in the soup had too much dough and were not as soft as soup dumplings typically are. Otherwise, it was yummy. I will try again!
We ordered a bunch of different items including veggie pork and chicken items ....everyone was extremely happy with their choices. I had the crispy noodles, shrimp spring rolls and sweet and sour chicken. All were light, crispy, non greasy and the flavors!!....spot on! I also throughly enjoyed their sweet and hot mustard dipping sauces. Very impressive.
Our go to Chinese food in the Manayunk area for a few years now. Much better quality than most places around here. Delivery always comes in under an hour and pick up is always quick and easy. We like everything we've order, except the miso soup. It's not consistently good, but I keep trying it because I'm hopeful and love me some miso.
This was my second time trying Shan Chaun. The first time I dined in, this past time I opted for take out. The spicy tuna was not good. The tuna did not taste fresh or look fresh, like other places I have tried. I had the Alaska roll, that was okay, but only a small piece is salmon. The third roll I tried was the Shrimp tempura, which was tasty. I also tried the Kano salad, it was deconstructed, not mixed together like I typically see. The food was less than average, and unfortunately, I will be looking for another sushi place to try. They were close to me, with okay prices, but the food quality is not up to my standards for sushi. I definitely had a better experience when I dined in.
I love Shan Chuan. The food is great, service is quick, and the staff is always very friendly.

I especially enjoy the pan seared shrimp and the green tea ice cream!
Update - It's worth 5 stars, not only is this a very affordable sushi lunch, they've taken the pandemic seriously, and when I went to get takeout with my son this summer they gave us some free mochi ice cream. They have and know their regulars and the owner is lovely as are the rest of the staff.
