I'm a huge fan of Silk City because of the eclectic genres of music played during the week,  the diversity of the crowd and the food served.. 

My guy and I are pretty much past the clubbing every weekend phase but won't pass up on a chance to shake our groove thangsssss lol.  I went online to see what was happening because I hadn't been in a few years. Friday evening was a cover charge of $5 and two DJs were spinning the beats. Philly is notoriously known for ridiculous cover charges at clubs and some bars so I was elated to see SC cover at only $5. 

The site also said that the bar had Citywides which usually consists of a beer and a shot. Theirs was a can of PBR and a shot of Jim Beam for $5. $1 cans of PBR were on special as well, while supplies lasted.  

We got there, found parking around the corner, paid the cover and went to the bar.  1 star off for not having the Citywide though. Bartender said it wasn't available. Although it was on the website and they clearly had PBR and Jim Beam. However, they did have $5 shots of Sailor Jerry spiced rum which was disgusting. Ah well,  it got me where I wanted to be.  

Anyway,  the place was empty at 11pm. No sooner had we sat down with our drinks, the place was packed in minutes. Packed but not sardine in a can packed. The two DJs rotated between sets and played everything for everyone. What I like about SC is that people actually come here to DANCE. At other spots, the folks are "too cool" to dance and just stand around watching the damn walls.. Not here.. Me likeyyyy
I can't believe my first review of Silk City took place almost three years ago. Time flies. Interestingly enough, I still find the three star rating to be consistent with my experiences there over the years. At this point, I've now had meals on a couple different occasions, sat in the beer garden several times, and even hit up the dance floor again. 

The food is average at best. Some things are better than others, like the fresh cut fries with cheese sauce and scallions (unbelievably delicious) or the Thai chili glazed wings. Other items completely underwhelm: A buffalo chicken salad that I could have made at home with some iceberg, baked chicken strips and Frank's hot sauce; the fried chicken with smothered chorizo green beans. I'd recommend sticking to apps and sandwiches for best results. 

The beer garden is cute and fun; screaming kids and their obnoxious parents who ignore them are not. I dig family friendly places when children behave, but there should be a no-running policy or something. Yes, I sound like Mr. Wilson. No, I do not care. Get off my lawn. 

Silk City's dance floor remains one of the few places in the city where it's fun to dance. Even though I find the DJs to be hit or miss, and erring on the top 40 side, I still like having the option. 

Everything said, I'll take the good with the bad for an occasional trip to Spring Garden's iconic diner.
when i was little i would come here with my mom when we were celebrating something, like when she found a new job or we got a new apartment...  or if something really bad happened and she couldn't deal with cooking a dinner for us.  i just remember her all consuming laugh, presence, and love of simple well made food - especially the meatloaf and mashed potatoes.  i liked the applesauce and milkshakes.  she would let me pick out all the songs from the little 50's mini jukeboxes at each booth and sing them with me... and it sickens me to know that its gone.  it hurts that things always have to change. sometimes its nice to have a place to rely on. somewhere timeless and meaningful that you can go to when shit gets rough, where you find comfort in the familiar laugh lines and crows feet on the same waitress that watched you grow up from the strange sensitive child into the woman you are now, who knows the basic cliff notes version of your life and when your dad left home.  i had some of the best times in my life up in this piece... 3:45am veggie burgers and tahini with ex bf's and bff's, discussing the terraformation of mars, fashion, mods vs goths vs punks vs rockers, the b-sides of smashing pumpkins singles, making out in the back booths, ziggy stardust, laughing and crying, coming up with ridiculous public art projects, smoking camel lights and talking shit on all the haters.  biking up spring garden at night from rittenhouse square with the old school crew, drinking lager then getting sweaty and krunk on the dance floor of the accompanying lounge to 80's / new wave and 60's rock and finishing off the night with a dose of sobering cheese fries, strong coffee and your best friends in life before coupling off and having drunken adventures on the way 'home.' 

yeah...

all of this i do miss.
We, heathens and Jews, drove around the No Libs/ Fishtown/ Fairmount area , in search of dinner on this holiest of Resurrection Eves. We had passed on the allure of "Philly's Best Tater Tots" at North Bowl, in favor of a highly touted Burger at Sketch. Sadly, Sketch was closed for the week, and a Mexican spot in Fairmount also proved to be run by devout catholics.  When Silk City was mentioned, my ears perked up, as it was something I had heard of here on Yelp, and was interested to try it.

We found free and nearby parking and headed over. It wasnt super packed, but just busy enough to hand us a half hour wait. This wasnt so bad, however we had arrived hungrier than a pothead at a Phish concert. The smells wafting from the dining area, and the sights of  steaming food arriving at tables made the wait seem even longer.

Ill explain Lemming mentality. We were 4 people standing in line. The 2 in back not paying attention to the 2 in front. When the 2 in front decided to use the bathroom, the 2 in back followed, thinking we were being sat. I cant even begin to explain how disappointing it is, to think you are about to sit and eat, only to be standing in front of a bathroom. I didnt even have to go, so my other Lemming friend and I took the walk of shame, back to the waiting area.

Finally, it was time for us to be sat for real, however this time I made sure the long walk was not in vain, before leaving my spot. Silk is a cute little diner area. For our purposes tonight, we steered clear of the bar and dance area, in favor of the food. 

There was no real uniform, the servers all wore what was comfortable, and as a former server, I appreciated this. I did have a small comic fantasy of just walking up to a table and beginning to serve someone. The pitfalls when the staff blends in with the masses. Our particular server was great. She got our food to us quickly (a godsend in our famished state) and checked back on us often. She answered our questions like a sport, and we had quite a few.

As I stated ad nauseum, we were hungry and came for the food. Even though, in this state, a hot dog would have tasted like filet mignon, 
we were impressed on how good the food was.Id give the food 5 stars, I only take off a star because we didnt get the whole Silk City experience yet. 

I started with a Pear Cider, which I had heard about and was curious to try. It tasted like sweettarts, which isnt really my thing but was refreshing on a spring evening. We ordered 2 plates of wings, one Thai Chili and one Buffalo. These may be the best wings id ever had. They were well done, crisp and the sauce was perfect (not dry or dripping). It was a tough call, but id say I liked the Thai ones better. I may come here just for those wings and the next time a "Best Wings?" thread pops up, Im typing 2 words...Silk City.

 Thinking I would be eating at Sketch, I had a taste for a burger, and the one at Silk looked good, but my eyes kept drifting towards another item. Ive mentioned before, that I love meatloaf. Actually, when Im in an unfamiliar diner, I usually go for the Loafed meat. Its simple comfort food, and its hard to mess up, although some are better than others. Silk impressed me again here. The key ingredient here was bacon. Its so simple, I dont know why ive never thought of it before. They wrapped a slice of bacon around the meatloaf. Genius, and added great flavor to an already tasty meat loaf, not to mention a bangin' mushroom gravy and Mashed potatoes and peas. It was top notch. My only complaint was too many peas. I like peas but even with giving each thing on my plate , steady fork rotation, there was a whole cans worth of peas left on my plate. Still, that is my only problem and its petty and minor.

As diners go, the menu wasnt that large and ecclectic, but with the quality of food we got (oh yeah, everyone else liked their food too, I think, I was too deep into my food nirvana to notice.) its OK by me. They could cut the menu down to just the 2 items that I tried and Id still be back and Id still recommend Silk to others. For a few wonderful hours, I got to feel like Guy Fiere from "Diners, Driveins and Dives" getting superior food and diner service, but without the sting of his peroxide. Well Done Silk City!
Looking for a place to get together with a friend on an unseasonably warm November day, I knew Silk City has an out door space (which is all that is now allowed in Philly during the pandemic) so I booked it for dinner.  The outdoor garden is colorful and I read they also had heat lamps.  When I arrived I was pleased to see the outdoor area looked as attractive as ever but I didn't feel totally comfortable as it was basically enclosed like a tent.  I was hoping to see more vents and windows open for ventilation as it was a warm day.  I'm not sure during this pandemic - what the difference is dining in a tent like structure which is permitted if it covers a previous outdoor area and dining inside in a large dining room which is forbidden.  Anyway despite our reservations about it being totally safe, we decided to dine anyway.  And Silk City came through with good food as usual.

A jalapeno-cheddar-corn muffin is the way all corn muffins should be made in my opinion.  And my main course called 'Shaking Beef Bowl' was very flavorful with soba noodles, beef tenderloin, greens, and various veggies.  I added a little cholula sauce and I totally got into it.  My side order of Peruvian purple potatoes and veggies in a salsa verde was also good although I could have used a little more seasoning.  A tasty strawberry cheese cake ended the meal.

Silk City is a long-running Philly institution.  Though it has changed owners over the years, the quality of food remains high and the service excellent.  And when you can park right in front of it, it's a great meet-up spot on the edge of Center City Philly.
We just came in for cocktails and snacks at the bar before a show at the Ruba Club.
When F and I arrived at 6pm the place was pretty empty. Rebecca was our bartender and was wonderful! Attentive, so pleasant, and made a kick-ass Manhattan.
I ordered the empanadas and F had cheese fries. Those empanadas had some kind of magical sauce... I really wanted to lick the plate. Where can we bottle it and take it home!
When girlfriends arrived, F left. More cocktails...they ordered off the special cocktail menu and I had another Rebecca Manhattan. Both the other drinks were A-One... bring another round. More empanadas with magic sauce, hot wings and we are ready to enjoy the show. At this point the place is rocking. Every seat is taken.
Can't wait to go back to Silk City in the Spring and enjoy the outdoor space.
I came here in Saturday night, which was obviously a mistake. The beer garden was nice, but our waitress was frantic and miserable. By 11 I was ready to leave because drinks were taking way too long. Next time, I'm definitely coming in a weeknight.

The food was actually pretty good. I ordered the tuna burger, but I also sampled the fried chicken, cornbread, macaroni & cheese and the specialty pizza (duck & roasted strawberries). My favorite thing was the cornbread, which has jalapenos baked in it and comes with a drizzle of honey on top. It was absolutely decadent. The mac & cheese was also a standout- it is creamy, but not runny, and had a garlic breadcrumb crust. The fried chicken was good, too, very tender and flavorful. 

The drinks, on the other hand, were tragically watered down. I'm hoping it was because it was a Saturday and they didn't want people to get super drunk. Still, my watermelon punch and sangria were very weak, not cool. I'm like a half-drink-drunk and after three drinks, not even a buzz. So I switched to champagne in a can, cause I'm classy. I think I'll stick to bottled/canned drinks here in the future. 

It was a mixed bag, but I'm willing to give Silk City another chance to impress me.
Not your typical diner, and that's a good thing!  If you're hung-over (since Silk City is also a night club, it's possible you are), you can stumble into the diner and get some really fabulous hangover food.

Granted, you must appreciate good food.  Waffle House this is not.

Try the Silk Benedict.
Last week, I stopped in for "Another Philthy Party" (no cover). The DJs (Philthy Paul, Patel P, Casey G / Passable Plastic) kept our group dancing. The crowd was relaxed; there weren't too many dancers besides us, but it was a Wednesday. Leslie, our creative and super friendly bartender, made us happy-tasting tequila sunrises, a few raspberry kamikaze shots, and something called a Gated Ruby (that's what I heard, anyway) - let's say that I might have left with a little headache.

Half the place is a traditional diner, while the other is a lounge, complete with a bar, dance floor, and decent seating. Somehow Silk City manages to be a diner, restaurant, bar, music venue, and lounge all in one, but even with their apparent identity crisis, the nightspot just works!
Two words: Trendy diner! You have to know that the Jersey girl in me loves this concept, and I started mentally Yelping as soon as I walked in the door.  My friend and I stopped in last night for a late dinner.  She'd been raving about Silk City, and I wanted to try it, so since i had today off, and didn't mind staying up late, we decided to stop in. On the outside, it looks like a diner with a lot of fluorescent lights, but you walk inside, and everyone - the clientele and staff are pretty trendy.  It's like a diner/club...a dub, if you will.

 So far, so good.   

Oh yeah, two more words: Thai wings! My friend suggested that we order them, since she'd had them before and they were good.  We both ordered the wings, and I ordered a side of edamame, as I needed some green veggies in my life...I'm still trying to perfect my sexy.  She ordered a side of calamari.  Those wings were delicious!  The Thai sauce was salty and sweet, and just generally extremely yummy.  The wings would have been really good without the sauce, but trust, that sauce is the truth.  The side of bleu cheese complemented the Thai wings perfectly - who'd have thought?  The edamame and calamari were ok.  

So yeah, Silk City is cool with me, and I will definitely go back.  And not just because you can't do better for a late night meal...I'd go back in the daytime!
A hangover brunch is one thing, but a hangover Valentine's Day lovefest brunch is a totally different beast. Our lady-filled table ordered the chocolate chip pancakes, the huevos rancheros (more like huevos nachos), the mushroom omelet, and the Hollandaise/salmon omelet, the Silk salad, and a side of potatoes.

It must have been complete serendipity though because just as I was telling my friends about my Pimm's Cup craving, there it was, featured on the cocktail specials.

Despite it being decent, it's no Honey's.
Not much I can add except maybe a different perspective? And my review is solely for the lounge...

I would come here anytime to dance any night, all night long. As others have mentioned, most people are just here to dance, they always have great DJs (I love you, PHSH), and most importantly: that AC pumps and I felt cool and breezy all night long...

I would never come here to look for a guy. Maybe I've been out of the club scene too long, but all the guys looked too old and shady, as well as just plain angry? maybe I just mean hostile? Definitely not my scene in that respect, altho-ooo-ough I heard recently that Chooch hangs out here sometimes, so maybe I'll have to add an exception to that statement...

I love the back corner of the bar. Take it over with friends and you'll have room to dance and sit and laugh. not to mention steady access to quick drinks.

Speaking of, reasonably priced beers and surprisingly fast and good bartenders. The bouncers are good at their jobs and surprisingly nice, too. Especially Roscoe, who was kind when he caught me outside with a beer and actually f%&ked around with my head using the flashlight from the door instead of just grabbing me. Which I thought was a cool way to flag me... and funny, to boot.
*DISCLAIMER* - This review may be inaccurate, as reviewer may have imbibed more than the recommended dosage of microbrew prior to arrival at Silk City.

So, since Hubby and I are for the most part sequestered in the burbs with the West Chester Old Farts, we are by no means experts when it comes to the Philly club scene.  When we muster up the energy to head into town, it's usually because we have dinner reservations at some restaurant, and by the time dinner is done (ok, dinner, cocktails, and entire bottle of wine) we head back home.  This would mainly be because I'm lame.  Years of suburban monotony have shriveled the fun center of my brain.  Plus, the fear of getting a DUI on the long-ass drive back to nowhere is always lurking in the background.

But once in a while, I harken back to my 20s and get a wild hair to shake it on the dance floor.  (That was me, executing the classic 80's Wham! maneuvers)  This time, I was blindly following Carrie E. to wherever she wanted to continue our par-tay.

Silk City is a Philly institution, you say?  I can see why.  No cover, small space, great eclectic crowd.  (oh, so THAT's an EMO kid!) $2 PBRs (nothing but trouble.)  On Thursday night it was crowded but not packed - perfect.  We didn't stay long, but I loved the vibe, the music, the friendly bartenders.  We will definitely go back.
Ok, as always, take my review of any club with a grain of salt.  I don't like the loudness, the crowdedness, the dancingness, or most other -nesses.  But sometimes people drag me to these places anyway.

Also, as I am a social recluse, I don't know too much about all the different styles and hip new looks of the young people today.  So, if I inadvertently insult your social subgroup through my ignorance, I apologize.  I do not apologize, however, if I deliberately insult your subgroup, you dirty, dirty hipsters.

Silk City.  Sounds like a strip club and/or brothel.  But it's not.  As far as I know.

Both times I was there, it was late.  Once it was to 'dance' and once to eat.

The first time, I went with people who wanted to dance.  They told me they wouldn't the whole time, that we could hang out by the bar, etc.  They lied.  I wound up standing on the dance floor, NOT dancing.

Special message to the girls who came up to me, told me that by not dancing I was making people want to dance with me, and attempting to engage me.  I did not blow you off because I thought you were annoying or unattractive, or even because I am just deliberately rude.  It is because I am a social retard.  When someone comes at you with DANCE one must DANCE, and... yeah.  So, sorry about that.

I could have just tried to talk to them, but it is ridiculously loud!!  I'm sure if you go to clubs, you know this, but for me, it's just absurd.

However, if I did like going to places like this, this is the kind of place I'd like going to.  The crowd is fairly eclectic.  Normal people, like me and my friends (or whatever), punky-goth girls in short skirts, random guys in jeans and hoodies, even one dude who totally looked like a pirate.  The walls had blacklights and blacklight responsive posters on them, and there were tables to the back by the bar if you have friends who are willing to sit there with you.

It was Saturday night, so DJ DeeJay was there, and apparently people like him.  I don't like dance music made after 1992, so I liked it when he went a little retro.

Ok, so the second time, I was STARVING and we went to the food area of Silk City.  Looks like a diner, but is a bar, which is awesome.  I mean, diners and bars are pretty similar, and you can't really have a diner that looks like a bar, but a bar that looks like a diner is a great idea.

I got a French dip style roast beef sandwich, which was really really good.  The meat to bread ratio was quite high, but I'm never going to complain about too much meat.  Or something that sounds less homo-erotic.

The diner section was still very loud - I figured the music would be lower than in the club section, and it was, but not by much.  Probably not like that during dinner time.

And, of course, it was filled with the same eclectic people - regular folks, punk girls, and stupid hipster emo guys with their longish hair and dark glasses and unkempt beards and tight clothes and girlfriends who are clearly way too attractive to be with them.

So, there you have it.  Bar that looks like a diner with really good food.  Loud club with interesting people.  And damned dirty hipsters.  Have fun.
I will express my love for Silk City in a series of haiku:

I love Silk City.
The decor, the food, the drinks
Are all fabulous.

Get the mac and cheese,
Or a burger if you please
This haiku rhymed, too.

Watch out for hipsters.
Not that there's anything wrong...
Just thought I'd warn you.

I don't like french fries,
But I'll eat them at Silk Town.
Okay, I cheated.
ok so not only is their danceroom weird their food is mediocre at best.. that's not even the problem though.. When I ask for yellow mustard please , please give me yellow mustard and not wasabi mustard.. when did wasabi mustard become yellow mustard? NEVER!.. 

I have a problem when a lame ass bouncer asks us to leave.. because it's 2am like we are loitering.. don't ask me shit until your waitress has bought me my check... unless you want me to peace out and not pay.. is that' what you want? probably not, so shut the F#$@ up and wait til we are paid in full to be annoying.. and don't then wait and start talking to the waitress who needs to come take our money , when you were in such a hurry for us to leave..

apparently if you tell the waitress you wantt to pay she cries.;.. grow a spine b$#@$.......that is all
It seemed like a cool place to stop in and get drink after work. A diner with a bar, it was supposed to be the best of both worlds. But in reality it's the best of neither. 

Came here for drink after worth with a friend and we decided to sit at the bar. We immediately got hit with an overpowering smell of raw fish. I had hoped that they were just preparing a dish and it would go away, but the smell persisted throughout our entire time there. 

The food menus was much smaller than what o would expect at a diner and seemed a bit over priced for what was offered and the portions we saw others get served. The drinks are reasonably priced and they have a couple unique cocktails. I got the peach mule and it was delicious! I highly recommend it. 

Service was very weird and my friend had a hard time ordering drinks. He tried to get the bartenders attention for a bit and gave up. Then she came, took my second drink order, brought it back, and then turned away from him again. Eventually he did get his drink but it was just overfilled with ice (see picture). 

It was an interesting experience but probably won't come back here.
I don't know how SCD was able to slip through the cracks of my consciousness regarding brunch locations but now it is firmly within the grasp of my cold and stony hands. 

This place finally came up at a reasonably high rank on my yelp search for brunch once the "full bar" filter was selected. My better-half (as all of my colleagues remind me) believes that we have exhausted the brunch options in center city and thus whatever this neighborhood is, was a reasonable option. 

No reservation was required at 12pm on a Saturday. This place is really cool actually, decor I would describe as "retro". There was a large party seated next to us upon our arrival who had already received their food and their plates were outrageous. 

Service was great, we were tended to promptly. For drinks, my main squeeze went with the Pickle Rick which contains a large pickle. I went with the regular bloody mary because I was intrigued by the chipotle-infused vodka or some shit. I'm a hard ass in terms of bloody marys but this one wasn't terrible, which is actually an enthusiastic endorsement coming from me. 

I ordered a coffee as well because i was coming off of an overnight shift and likely multifactorial due to it being la colombe and also because I put about a pound of half and half and splenda in it, it was spectacular. 

The veggie wings with spicy buffalo sauce was a NO-BRAINER. These were INCREDIBLE. We actually ordered omelettes as our main but I didn't want to waste gastric space given how fucking SENSATIONAL they were. The dipping sauce is especially drippy/not-viscous so that shit dripped all over the place after I dunked including my face but it was worth it. 

I ordered the south philly omelette which is essentially a cheesesteak in an omelette. I ordered it without sausage and onions, which unfortunately is mixed in with the peppers. Omelette was good despite my ingredient alterations and those home fries? shit....sliced paper thin gratin style. I was eyeing those babies and had to mobilize all of my will power to refrain. 

My favorite part of the meal was definitely the veggie wings but the numerous other enticing food and drink options on the menu make this place a solid choice.
Awesome place to get your groove on.  A friend and I jointly celebrated our birthdays here Saturday night, and it was a freakin blast!  Granted, anytime all my friends show up and I have that much liquor in me it's a guaranteed good time, but the venue definitely played a large part in birthday success.  Just the right size and crowd level - big enough you had room to breathe and didn't need to throw elbows to dance, but small enough so you couldn't really lose people.  And the place was able to handle our crowd of 50 or so, but there were plenty of other people not from our party to add to the fun.  I must have had 20 strangers wish me happy bday or compliment my birthday princess party hat (which WAS awesome btw).

Dj Deejay rocked, playing a good mix of hits and crowd favorites, and the general vibe was friendly, cool and looking for a good time. Drinks were inexpensive too, with a redbull vodka, tanqueray and tonic, and beer totaling $17.  My only complaint is it was so effing hot in there... they should consider changing the name to Sweaty City.  But great time, I can't wait to go back another weekend!
Silk, I think I'm going to have to break up with you.

It's not you. It's the people inside of you.

I just can't deal with the wasted skanks anymore - the ones wearing 4-inch heels, flailing their arms around, and stomping on my toes, who then give me a look like it's my fault that I'm in the way of their drunken palsy.

Their boyfriends are no better. They don't reign these chicks in.

I've been hit fewer times when I used to do MMA and the guy in front of me was actually trying to strike me on purpose.

No one here uses their hands to gently tap on your shoulder to let you know they need to get by. I've literally seen, and been run into, by various guys and girls who literally walk head first into a group of people as if they can move right through them.

And, again, when you look them in the eye for shoving you out of the way, they manage to have an attitude about it.

Call me when you have a lonely off night, so we can reconnect over some me-and-you alone time.

Sigh... this is what it sounds like when doves cry.

... also, this is what it sounds like when douchebags zerg-rush into a crowded room.

I can do better than this.
They used to have this French-type go-go dance night here called Vampyros Lesbos, and I finally went once and only once.

I came early and started pounding. The DJ was playing 60s French-style pop music. There's two girls go-go dancing--one an attractive Asian girl and the other an okay looking white girl with cut-offs. They have pasties over their nips and no one else is dancing, just nervously pointing and laughing at the girls and their pasties.

The night wears on and the place starts to fill up... four, seven, now nine of my friends are hanging out in there along with maybe sixty other people. I'm standing there watching with my friends and one of them suggests I give his one dollar bill to one of the dancers, but I have to do it in a funny or provocative way and he'll buy me a shot. I'm game.

I stuff the bill in my mouth, step up to the platform of the cut-off shorts girl to give her the money mouth-to-mouth. She says "We don't do that here" and pushes me off the platform: one hand on my shoulder, the other gently cupping my breast. It's like she was saying "no" with one hand but pleading "yes" with the other.

I walk back with my tail between my legs, drink my shot, and sit down. I start pounding shots and start to feel a little dizzy. I tell my friend that I'm going to hurl and to take me to the bathroom. I turn around and spill a table full of drinks on the party behind us. Between drunken apologies, I manage to stand up. The one girl's pissed and had her foot in the air and was about to literally kick my ass. My friend gets in her face and says "I'll fucking kick your ass if you fucking touch her."

I'm escorted to the bathroom and barf on the doorknob before I even enter and fill up the bowl with vomit two more times. I'm driven home immediately and hang my head out the window like a dog. I crawl into bed and promise never to go there again while placing one foot firmly on the ground to stop the spins.

I look at my clock on my nightstand, and it's 10:45PM. LAME!!!
My Do's and Donts for gyrating the night away at Silk City

-Dont come here sober EVER 
-Dont bring a coat if you can avoid it
-Dont come wearing your very best .. You'll be sweating profusely within minutes
-Do plan on being felt up or down by creepers of the male and female variety 
-Do bring your best dance moves (things get real after 12am)
-Do try the $2.00 PBR cans 

Break any of the aforementioned rules and you will hate life at Silk City

See ya on the dance floor
This place rocks so much it hurts.

A few friends decided to celebrate their birthdays here. That night there was no cover. There were SO many people on the dance floor - you've never had so much fun violating fire and safety regulations! DJ Deejay played recent hits and blasts from the past (can't go wrong with 80's selections, including Michael Jackson), and delivered birthday shout-outs to both birthday girls.

Our bartender was pretty patient and made good shots for us, let's just say I gave an appropriate tip. On my way out, I saw the owner, who insisted I have a t-shirt ("Silk City" is emblazoned on it). That totally made my night.

FYI, their onion rings are pretty good!
Disclaimer: This review is for brunch only.

I came here with Hubby, sister-in-law and father-in-law for some brunch. We decided to try Silk City instead of the usual Green Eggs because we didn't want to wait in that long line, and I'd recently heard that Silk City has a pretty legit brunch. Well, I can definitely say that assessment was spot-on.

I really loved my Bloody Mary. Any time a bar actually has Absolut Peppar, I know I'm in for a real treat. The addition of the cornichon and the pickled green tomato were also awesome.

After consulting with our server, I decided on the popular Huevos Rancheros with the optional house made chorizo. I'm a huge fan of all things Mexican for breakfast, and this did not disappoint. The portion was huge and every flavor was excellent. I expecially enjoyed the chorizo. It was well-seasoned and had just the right amount of spice. This is one of their best sellers, and with good reason.

Hubby had the chicken and waffles, and he said it was the best he'd ever had. I tried some and I agreed. For me it was just the right balance of sweet and salty. SIL had the french toast with caramelized apples & pears and whipped ricotta. This was tasty but admittedly not something I would order, but just because I don't typically eat sweet brunch foods. If you are into that sort of thing, this would be right up your alley. FIL had the special that day, which I honestly don't remember other than some pretty fantastic horseradish hash browns. If I see those on the menu again (regardless of what they come with) I'm ordering it. Those hash browns were that good.

As far as service, it definitely could have been better. It took us longer than 20 minutes to be greeted by a server on a slowish afternoon and the service continued to be very slow for the rest of our stay. I noticed the bartender goofing off for quite some time after seeing our drink tickets print up on multiple occasions. Again, it really wasn't busy at all so there is no reason why I should have to wait 15 minutes for a Bloody Mary. Normally I would deduct more stars for bad service, but the food was just so good I can't bring myself to do that.

We sat outside in the beer garden, and I definitely recommend that if it's a nice day. There is a lot of seating, so there is was no wait for a table.
let's be clear about something: i don't like the 50s. when i think about the vestiges of that chrome cut, lassie-loving, segregated, dolled-up, suburban, blackandwhiteleaveittobeaver, toothpaste hugging, fake-smile-toting fucked up shtick, it generally makes me cringe. yes, this is a generalization. and yes, it's not exactly fair.
but hell, like nearly all things bad (stalin, hitler, dave matthews band, tv shoppping channels, malls, orlando, and the like excluded), there is a silver lining. for me, that's a pretty short list, and three of them are actually, literally silver: toasters, airstream, and diners.
yes, silk city certainly has a bit of this silver shtick going. but it's a good shtick. and it's shtick with at least a play way from true shtick. and it's also pretty tasty shtick....and there's beer.
embracing the best of the 50s shtick, silk city celebrates the diner, the airstream form, and has toasters, meanwhile accessorizing these staples with the following wonderful elements: beautiful waitstaff, a side-bar lounge done up sleek and dark, great bathrooms, great tunes bouncing from motown to beebop to rock, booth seating, and, most importantly, liquor and beer. good beer. like southhampton and troeggs and more on the ol' tap (done up sweet goldchrome style), and the duvel and such standards in the bottle. unexpected and delicious.
the food is also pretty kick ass for the price. meeting some friends here for dinner on a swing into town, and trying not to gawk at the service staff too much, we happily devoured some spot-on spice-battered calamari, heaps of fries, unanimously satisfying sandwiches (my beersoaked pulled pork sandwich with mustard and kraut was pretty goddamn huge and amazing), and some of the best wings i've ever had, done up in a cilantro-lemongrass-chile sauce that had me dipping my fries in to soak up the afterburn. for 15 bucks, that's pretty sweet. 
so sweet in fact, that we came back the next morning for some wake-up coffee, breakfast, and a drink or two. and, of course, to stare and talk shit. sure enough the place was bumping again, but no wait for the counter. so it was easy enough to saunter on up and take down a salmon/goatcheese/arugula omelette, some hash, some pancakes, and some sweet broke yolk before hitting the road. all that was missing was a bit of salt. oh. and that really cute bartender from the night before. 
anyway, i hope to come back here soon sometime not so far away when i can check in on the biergarten in the works. and make proposals with my eyes....
A couple of years ago Silk City overhauled its interior and menu, and what used to be an relatively unique 50's inspired diner and alt-rock venue has become a merely ordinarily fairly cool nightclub. Different groups of friends with whom I've gone aver that it's a mixed but definitely interesting experience. 

The blacklit interior is always populated with a colorfully motley cross-section of the night's revelers. Conveniently, the  diner's open the entire night, and since it connects directly to the dance club, I've often grabbed my Friday eve dinner there if I meant to stay for the scheduled party. They sport a good variety of dishes, from vegetarian to meats, and plenty of unique domestics and imports are in stock.  

A word of caution: check their calendar for the DJ on that eve, since the range of styles they'll schedule is pretty broad and varied, and their pick can really make or break your night. Once we caught a hip-hop DJ who barely woke us up; another night, the 80s DJ spun a very fun set. Sunday night picks are truly unique, and at times the gleefully pumped partiers transition into after-hours clubs. Overall, it's a spot that my friends and I revisit regularly.
Friday night the weather seemed perfect, so Rachel and I headed out to check out the new Silk City beer garden before watching a most supreme victory. I had been past this new spot a few times, and it looked cool. At the risk of being redundant, this place is essentially a better version of Standard Tap (which I reviewed a few weeks ago.)

For atmosphere, this place is great. It has a lot of seating, with a separate smoking area. It's a big open area with seats for at least sixty, and it's great because there's a lot of room; they didn't cram as many tables in as possible. The decorations are brightly colored, kind of weird and beach themed, but I think it works really well. Another nice factor is that you could easily get a table for a larger group; there was a table of ten seated when we arrived. There's a nice little faux tiki bar that is as cool as it is cheesy.

When the weather is perfect, it aligns with an awesome happy hour M-F 5-8pm. It includes $2 pints of Lager and Kenzinger and $2 High Life bottles, as well as specials on cocktails. Other beers on tap include Stella, Hoegarden, Philly Pale Ale, and one of my current personal favorites Bell's Two Hearted Ale. All pints are $5 or less, and the bar is going to start serving up pitchers "soon." The beer list is weak, but the availability of Bell's makes everything alright.


The menu has a good choice of options, with a few daily specials to mix things up.
I think the prices are about $2 more than everything should be for food. I ordered the crab BLT. It was good, not excellent. The crab was breaded and the ratio was off. The portions are generous. Rachel ordered a salad with tuna and enjoyed it, but hers looked a bit small, like I could have eaten three of them. The food is pretty standard, it seems like there is an overabundance of average to good traditional sandwich and burger bar food. All said, the food is no reason to come here.

The service wasn't great, but I didn't mind too much, either. It didn't really affect me until I was out of beer.

Bottom Line: I will probably be here more than a few times this summer. The beer garden is that cool. I wish they had more beer on tap, and the food was a bit different and/or cheaper. Overall, it's an excellent spot to hit for a drink or two, especially during happy hour, before continuing on your evening
Apparently I'm a regular here now, at least I think I am. I mean, when you consider yourself to be good friends with the doorman who calls out your name when he sees you walking down the block (hi right back at ya, Tony!) and many of the bartenders know what you want to drink before you even order it, I think that qualifies you for "regular" status.

I've danced my bony ass off here more times than I can remember. Some nights have been better than others - Thursdays and Saturdays are my favorites - and there's almost always a line for the bathrooms. But you're sure to see an interesting line-up of locals and be prepared to sweat to death after 11:45 pm anytime you're there. 

Maybe I'll see you there soon.
With over 250 reviews, there's almost no point, so I'll just give you the the essentials:

--There was a $5 cover to get in (i didn't hit the beer garden or diner part, cool as they looked)
--Some mofo's here can seriously cut rugs, like music video style; I cannot. Emmett is more like Elaine Benes at the company Christmas party, but i didn't feel out of place, so i think the rest of you bad dancers won't either.
--AC was kicking so this profuse sweater was dry all night, even with the weird booty shaking I was doing
--dress code is fairly lax, but something i wish i knew before coming: THEY LET YOU WEAR SHORTS
--cheap to moderately priced drinks, i.e.- Red Stripe and Lagunitas IPA were $4, and the few mixed drinks (cap'n and ginger, vodka tonic, etc) I saw bought were $5
--If you've had a secret desire to see my nipples, start watching youtube, for they are bound to be there after Friday night's antics
Dude, I totally dig this joint. Let me tell you what...

Brunch: this place is awesome brunch. I pity the fool that isn't enjoying biscuits and gravy or huevos rancheros here at least once a month. Is that the produce section in your bloody mary? I believe it is. Garnishes galore. Really nice time, every time.

Dinner: this place is awesome dinner. We tried a variety of dishes and they were all a hit. Get the mac n cheese. Get a corn bread. Then get it on! Pick any entree, you can't lose.

Drinks: this place is awesome drinks. That freaking patio is the best outdoor space I have been to in the city. Even on a slow night, you can have a blast. I promise.

Dancing: I didn't mention the club yet, but it's also rad, but not entirely my scene most nights. But if you cut rugs for a living, you will dig it like a backhoe.

My, my, my. A mi me gusta.
Thursday 11pm review:

Am I cray or does this joint remind you of 90210's Peach Pit?  Omg I was on set.  I could not believe places like this exist.  You eat at the coolest frickin diner and head down the steps and into a hip hop club????? WHAAAAAT!  Omg I paid $13 for my HUGE bangin buffalo chix salad, $7 bucks for amazeballs ooey gooey Mac n Cheese, $8 bucks or something for my vodka drink and paid $3 bucks to dance my ass off until my whole body was drenched in hip hop, hot, dirty, grindy, sweat.  Holy cow. 

You know the Chef is happy there because the food is really good.  I mean, I was shocked.  Any joint that's attached to a dance club just screams bad food.  Plus, who goes to dance and eats???  Welp folks, if you love to eat with music blasting from the club and everybody drinking and having a good time, this is the place for you.  

And the prices are so cheap!!!! Omg I'm from NYC and now I wanna move to Philly!!!!!!!!!!  

The diner part and the club part are run and managed so efficiently together.  They coexist in perfect harmony.  It's unbelievable.  And the people that work here, WORK.  They're awesome, friendly, and their eyes are everywhere, very fast, taking care of each and every goddamn people in that place.  It's so awesome.  This place is frickin awesome.  If you're lookin for some good ass food and loud music, this place is for you!
Part 2 - The Lounge

Silk City definitely brings in it fair share of amazing DJs. You definitely can't go wrong with the likes of Spank Rock, DJ Deejay, and Steven Bloodbath. If none of them have your butt shaking at some point in the night than there's something seriously wrong with you.

When I went to DJ Deejay's night last week it was nothing short of stimulating. the night is called "Anything That You Can Shake Your Hips To" and there's good reason for it. He'll have you moving to new wave, funk, and hip hop in no time flat. definitely don't show up on time otherwise the only dancers you'll see are middle aged dudes in gold chains and out of style vests. But come 11ish the dance floor gets hot. In fact that's also the only reason I'm taking of a star because it could really use a better ventilation system on those summer nights.

Aside from dance nights Silk City has had some pretty hot concerts. Martha Graham Cracker did a Pig Iron fundraiser recently. and Philebrity usually hosts a monthly party called Foggy Notion. definitely keep your eye on that calender because your bound to find something hot!
I've been to Silk City on 2 separate nights: once for the diner, and the other for the lounge. 
The diner night was on a Friday; nice crowd of people, and luckily we found 2 seats at the bar. Bartender was incredibly friendly, from the looks of it the rest of the staff seemed laid back and amicable. I got a glass of sangria which was pretty tasty and reasonably priced ($5). Whatever dipping sauce they are using for the calamari is kickass, better than just plain marina. I ran into my friend while I was there and he was there for the lounge. Mind you he is NOT a dancing guy (he went there for a girl) and he said he danced his butt off all night if that is any indication of how good the lounge is already. Plus, its free for everyone on Friday nights.
I returned to the lounge on a Saturday to see what the infamous DJ Dee Jay was all about. He was definitely a lot of fun, mixing old school and new hits and keeping the crowd going. The people in the crowd were fun and even all the guys were dancing! 
Random other things: 
-There are 4 single bathrooms which wasn't too bad but I wonder how crowded it can get, especially since they are on the dance floor. 
-The music was a tad too loud; my ears were screaming by the time we left. 
-Oh n there's a coat check for $1 which comes in handy on those cold nights. 

Definitely check this place out if you're looking for an alternative of the skanky Olde-City and the pretentious Rittenhouse and seeking a cool, laid-back place thats a lot of fun. I'm coming back here for my graduation party for sure!
Let me just say that I was pleasantly surprised at the transformation of Silk City Diner...I swore it off before the makeover because, while you can't be too picky when it's 2 am and you're in the mood for a plate of french fries, you can expect a certain level of cleanliness.

But now it's just lovely (and virtually spotless)! I must have gone on a good night, as the service was good and nobody gave me the evil eye. I dined on the wings, which were good but very, very spicy. Luckily a cold beer extinguished the inferno that ravaged my tastebuds and I left happy, full and chock full of good intentions to come back again.

When I'm in the mood to dance, this is also one of my favorite places to come. It's always packed, which makes for some interesting experiences (such as getting beer spilled down the front of your new silk dress - that's the price you pay, I guess). I don't always love the DJ's as they can get a little show-offy at times but I always have a good time and meet someone who says or does something to amuse me. You can't put a dollar value on that.
I still enjoy coming here for their weekly Thursday night party: Mo Money No Problems. DJs Sammy Slice and Cool Hand Luke, along with Mike Taylor on the mic hyping up the crowd, always provide a good dance party.

No cover for girls, guys are $5. Drinks are decent. Crowd is like a box of chocolates...you never know what you're gonna get (very eclectic crowd). It gets packed around midnight and so it gets very hot in here too so be prepared to sweat a little and/or have sweaty people around you. FYI, there are also black lights along the wall so please make sure you take care of that dandruff and run that lint roller over your clothes. Kthnxbye.
My sister and I had planned to hit up Silk City for some time to get our dance on and check out the scene.  Last Friday we finally made that happen.  We got there around 10:30 or so and the lounge area was pretty dead, so we went to the bar in the diner.  The two bartenders were more interested in chatting with friends than they were with mixing drinks, but eventually we were deemed worthy and got to place our orders.  Many times when I order a "slightly dirty" martini, my drink will still end up tasting like a salt lick was plopped into my glass.  Much to my delight, the girls behind the bar knew what they were doing and rocked my world with a couple perfect drinks.  My sister had some sort of Lemonade and Popov concoction.  She's fresh out of college so she can still get down with some Popov.    

After seeing a girl throw up on the bar near the bathrooms (PS, it wasn't even midnight yet), my sister was a little creeped out.  We decided to finish our drinks and head to the lounge.  As we were settling our tab, we noticed a bunch of people in the vicinity wearing fake mustaches.  Strange.  Walking into the lounge, we did a simultaneous double take--EVERYONE was wearing fake mustaches.  I looked at my sister and asked if we were dreaming.

Little sis and I were a tad out of our element at Silk City but we had a good time dancing and it was a fun night.  We probably won't be back for the nightlife, but I'd definitely be open to checking out dinner sometime... far away from the bar area near the bathroom, of course.
For the last two days I've been trying to think what I can write to describe my experience at Silk City on Saturday night.  I think the best way is to list pros and cons:

Pros:
-  Great selection of music - DJ Deejay played everything from old-school Madonna to Kanye West to Katy Perry
-  Everyone in the crowd is there to get their drink on, have a good time, and DANCE.  It doesn't matter if you have two left feet or you just won "So you think you can dance," you will fit in here.  The dance floor is basically a sweaty mosh pit of writhing bodies.
-  Silk City has a really unique ambience.  Not bad unique, just... different?  You kind of feel like you're in someone's living room who has invited 100 of their closest friends to have a dance party.  There are no fussy decorations, just a string of lights and a few benches around the perimeter of the room.

Cons:
-  We got there fairly early on in the evening, around 10:30, and my boyfriend had warned me to dress accordingly because it gets really hot.  I was pleasantly surprised that the temperature was comfortable and there were several AC units up on the walls.  I realized quickly that with each additional person crowding into this fairly small place, the temperature rises a degree.  I ended the night much sweatier than I would have preferred.
-  There is only one bar, with two bartenders on a Saturday night.  Again, Silk City is relatively small so it works, but be prepared to wait a few minutes to stake your claim at the bar.
-  Cover charge:  $2 for girls, $5 for guys.  Not terrible, but hey that's another drink for all you economics majors out there.
-  The drinks were a little bit unpredictable.  I got my usual vodka tonic, which was normal for the first round, possibly gin for the second, and vanilla vodka for the third?  

I think that Silk City is a place that you will either love or hate, but you definitely need to be in the mood to set personal boundary space aside and dance your little heart out.
Moments after we walked through the front door at Silk, Danny realized his hiatus-ing band, Youth Group, had played there. Half of the premises at Silk is devoted to a nightclub that was closed during our visit (Sunday, brunch), but according to Danny, ultraviolet lighting and "Heavy Metal" inspired bong art on the walls led his band to spend every moment they weren't onstage in the diner. 

Silk's diner has an indoor area decorated traditionally -aluminum walls, booths with red vinyl covered cushions, a bar with fixed metal stools and a formica counter -and an outdoor garden featuring architecturally-integrated sculpture that calls to mind Gaud and Jimi Hendrix album art. 

We sat inside, and, with the exception of the service, had a good meal. The menu consists of standbys - a 2-egg plate, griddle standards, huevos rancheros -and more original fare: turkey breast & cheddar on biscuits w/ turkey gravy and 'browns, and some kind of duck-motivated version of the same dish; foie gras & asparagus scrapple, and a red quinois scrapple; a pork bun side ($4); and some cocktails with goofy names. Chris had the turkey breast & biscuits and liked it, thought the potatoes were flavorful and a necessary addition to the plate's palette. Keith and Danny both got the Silk Scramble, which mixed eggs with red onion, potato, guacamole, monterey jack cheese, & chorizo (which Keith had held). Keith called his scramble "on the very tasty side of bland, with high-grade ingredients," and thought "the biscuit was a welcome counterpoint bite." Danny fucking loved his. The table also split an order of French toast, which Keith found "curiously dense," in a way that made him wonder if the bread was past its prime. Chris thought it was a "commendable" french toast, and thought the density was deliberate, desirable, and probably not accomplished through aging. This was Danny's first French toast, and he fucking loved it, frankly.

Danny also went for a bloody mary, which he said was "extra good" -spicy, with lots of welcome solids (celery, olive, green tomato). Did he ever fucking love it. The coffee was mediocre, though the thick ceramic mugs did a better-than-average job of retaining heat. Keith noted that these premium mugs were necessary to mitigate the infrequency of coffee refills. Indeed, a political cartoon of Silk would show a fit, good-looking dude in his 20's, hiply dressed, smiling at a group of pretty girls, yet walking with a pronounced limp, a large cast on one foot labeled "Service." Our waiter was nice enough, but took a good long while to do anything. Our guess is that he intends to be a painter, spends his nights smoking and doing tiny Brueghel-inspired scenes of Philly, and half-consciously feels like being any good at his waiter job would be a betrayal of himself, of the Philly he loves, and worst of all, of Brueghel's ghost. It should be noted that we have the vague and perhaps unjustified impression that service in Philadelphia is always bad. If true, that gets Silk off the hook, though it spells bigger problems for the city where Silk does business. 

Bathrooms were fine. The "20 minute" wait only took 10 minutes. Should you wish to commemorate your visit to Silk, t-shirts are available for a very reasonable $5. Definitely give Silk a shot next time you're trying to go to Honey's on a weekend and decide you don't feel like hanging out in that restaurant's refugee camp-inspired waiting area. 

(All three of us concur with this review.)
The food was good, the service was crap.  just sayin...

I recently attended a birthday dinner for a friend of mine at Silk City.  I can say that our waitress was pretty decent.  It was a very busy night, but she was pleasant, which is more than I can say for the manager that evening!

We had a fairly large party and they agreed to take a reservation, which the manager implied they dont do.  Im not sure, Ive never been there.  Anywho, so, inevitably people were late.  That happens.  Because people were late, those of us who arrived on time were made to feel EXTREMELY uncomfortable...before I arrived (and I was just 15 minutes late because I was looking for a parking spot) this manager stopped by our table to tell my friends, essentially, order something or get out.  The language was much less blunt, but the sentiment was clear!

Throughout the course of our waiting for others to arrive, several of the other servers rudely snatched menus off the table, took chairs and then eventually, the manager decided he was going to take one of our tables (they had pushed four together) and when asked what his plan was for when our other two guests arrived, we were told they would figure something out.

Now, I understand it was a busy night.  But, they took the reservation!  They didnt have to take a reservation.  They didnt have to seat the party before most had arrived.  And they REALLY didnt have to harass us the entire time!  The food was decent and appropriately priced but their bad attitudes ruined the atmosphere of what should have been a fun night out for a friend's birthday.

Silk City needs to do better.
I first went to Silk City to party last summer and I thought the music kicked ass, although I didn't go back there for awhile because I had nicknamed it "Sweaty City".  It was the middle of the summer, the AC wasn't working and it was just unbearably hot!!!  So I decided not to go back until recently (winter).  
My second trip back was so much "cooler" that I decided to go back 3 more times in the past 2 months.  What makes this place so amazing is DJ Deejay!  He Djs for the now legendary "Britney Bash" which sold out by 11:15 and his music was so good that I only left the dance floor once to go to the bathroom!  Every single song that came on, I screamed because I was so excited to hear it!  DJ Deejay makes this place amazing each and every Saturday night!  
If you want to dance your ass off, this is a guaranteed place to hear anything from 80's, 90's and today's Top 40!!!

So my ONE recommendation for Silk City is to get their AC working on high blast when summer hits again!  Otherwise, I may not go back...unless I show up in a sports bra, sweat band, and a camel back!
Favorite place to go dancing right now! DJ DEEJAY is my man on Saturdays. Gets crowded but what the heck! It isn't your usual pop/crap on the speakers, it's the stuff that I want to move to!!!!

Soon, I'll have to try the diner out, but drinks are good, bathrooms are easily accessible, dance floor is big enough for me and my friends. I'll take some more, please!
It was convenient and unique to have the restaurant/beer garden and the club under one roof. 

We started off in the beer garden and were able to order drinks and finger foods. The food quality and the drinks were decent. I recommend the thai chili wings. The empanadas are good as well, but the portion size is small.

However, the main draw is being able to relax in a chill atmosphere before the more intense dance club portion of the night. On the other hand, it was a bit jarring to move from the hipster-ish beer garden experience to the dance club experience, which was your typical club pumping out the usual suspects (Missy Elliot, Jay-Z, etc). 

Regarding the club, the dance floor felt small on a Saturday night. The L-shape arrangement of the space meant that the bar area was underutilized while everyone was smushed together on the dance floor to the point that it really kept groups from being able to dance at times. 

Overall, I'm glad that our group went here because we were able to get two very different experiences in one night, and would recommend trying it out.
I hadn't been to Silk City since I was about 25 (when I loved it and had a lifestyle more condusive to spending evenings there regularly). So I ventured out and spent my 30th birthday here on a Saturday night in June with a group of about 12 friends and couldn't have found a better music selection for literally nonstop dancing. My non-dancing friends were not as pleased though since the drink wait at the bar in the dance area was interminable and there was not much space to chill in. I believe they would have enjoyed other segments of Silk City more if any of us selfish dancers had torn ourselves off the floor. The massive & pretty young-seeming crowd did make some of us feel our age slightly but when the timing is right and you have a ton of energy this is a great dance spot. We shook it from 11pm 'til closing time and will definitely be back this summer. I will say that I couldn't help but feel nostalgic for the Vampiros Lesbos dance nights and slighlty different vibe of Silk City in my very early 20s but that may be attributed to the extra decade I'm carrying.
Really enjoyed my late night visit to the beer garden at Silk City the other night. The hostess could not have been nicer, accommodating a group of nine at an outside table. We waited to 5 minutes at the outside bar while they set up the table. The bartenders were very friendly and helpful. Prices are decent & good beer selection.

I had the cheese fries (fries, housemade cheese sauce, scallions, and a chipotle ketchup). A HUGE bowl for $4! I couldn't even finish it. Friends enjoyed the mac & cheese & the quesadilla. However, the buffalo wings were horrendous. "Worst ever" my husband called them. 

Overall a great time outside.
Anyone that notices my 36 inch waist heading to 38 territory (eek) and uncharted worlds beyond (hello Big and Tall shop) knows that diners and I go way back.  So it's a bit of a surprise that I've never been here before.  Drove by it hundreds of times but never had the inclination to stop in.  For some reason, it didn't look to appetizing to me from the curb.  But then I saw some cable food show that featured Silk City and it looked damn good.  So last night, before the DEVO show, we stopped in for a quick beer and bite.   Draughts were cold and hit the spot.  I enjoyed my Grilled Chicken sandwich although I should have ordered one of the many huge plates of fried food that went by us to other tables.  From awesome looking wings to meatloaf to fried chicken, the dishes were crying out for me to intercept them before heading to some nether region.

But I was content with my choice, knowing that I would come back and challenge one of those plates of food.  Of course, the folks at the big and tall shop are just waiting on the other side of the threshold to welcome me into their world of elastic waistbands and triple-E wide shoes.  I'll smile and say, "I'm home."
I've always liked Silk City because it's definitely one of a kind. A beer garden, a diner car, and a nightclub all in one. If you were crazy and bored, you could basically come here in the morning for breakfast/brunch, stay for lunch and a beer, and dance all night without ever leaving the place. It's pretty easy to find delicious food on the menu, but I normally stick with the sandwiches and the beer list.

At night, there is typically a $5 cover, but the drinks are affordable and the dance floor gets PACKED. Depending on the DJ, and it's normally DJ DeeJay on Saturday nights, you should have a good mix of throwback tunes and top 40. The crowd is pretty diverse, and I think you are guaranteed to have a good time if you stop in here for drinks and dancing.
You can always count on silk for a fun night of dancing with sweaty strangers and binge drinking while listening to filthy hip hop or 80s classics.

Between this place and the barbary, I usually always prefer silk for dancing.  

Come try it out, dance your face off, and be mindful not to spill your drink on me.

Oh!  and the food is really decent too - the entres are overpriced, so I definitely recommend splitting one between two people - it won't fill you up too much and you'll have some scratch left over for drinks.  The garden area in the back just recently opened up - it'll be a popular summer dinner spot I'm sure.
I love Silk City.  This is a staple in Philadelphia.  The food is only trumped by the awesome atmosphere of a 50's diner that can only be found in Philadelphia.
Thursday nights at Silk City are poppin', 'nuff said. DJ Sammy Slice is always spinning awesome music and the bartenders are great. The crowd is always full of energy. Go if you want to dance your ass off and don't care about sweating a little. 

Brunch is also amazing at Silk City - this is the only place in the city that I've had brunch and truly enjoyed both the food and overall experience. Everything on the menu is good, but I'll recommend the smoked salmon omelette if it's on the menu when you go.
Food = Five, Dancing = 3 to 3.5. 

Silk City is one of my top brunch spots.  Few restaurants make omelets to my liking and Silk is one of them. They're b-b-b-bangin! They also have a really lovely, spicy bloody mix.  The sides menu is also delish, boasting a biscuit and some mushroom gravy--put them together and thank me for it.  I'd skip the veg scrapple if I were you.  Its taste and texture is reminiscent of a weird latke. 

Dinnertime and drinks were also a hit here. I dug the salads, veggie options and mac n' cheese. Outdoor beer garden seating is huge and lovely in the warmer months. 

Dancing is kind of a nightmare.  I used to love it here but now it's near impossible to walk, let alone get a drink, when smushed up against Jersey imports and bachelorettes.  DJ Deejay, Saturday nights, is pretty sweet on the ears though.
We went back to Silk City on Sunday morning to try brunch since we've only been to drink so far.  Silk City kept its 4 stars in my book!

It was prime brunch time, and we were told there would be a 30-minute wait for a table for 2.  We meandered around for a minute and noticed several seats open at the bar.  When we asked the waitress if we could just sit there, she seemed almost relieved and thanked us for volunteering.  Hey, I've got no problem hanging out on a bar stool!  Breakfast is breakfast, people, and we needed to eat!

I ordered the eggs benedict, a personal favorite, and my hungry honey ordered one of the breakfast combinations with eggs, grits, and a big side of blueberry pancakes.  My eggs benedict was delicious and served with breakfast potatoes and sliced fruit.  The pancakes were amazing!  The grits, although disguised as possible mashed potatoes, were tasty as well.  

I love the ambiance of this diner, and we will definitely be back soon!
Haven't been back here since it was with the old owners. I stopped going here because the service sucked big time and food got horrid. So since Honeys had about 30 people waiting for brunch yesterday morning we decided to go around the corner and give the old Silk City Diner a try. Well the place looked great, but sadly, the service was still the same. We sat at the bar; the waiter never cleared or set up our placements. I had to push the empties of coffee and juice glass in front of me so when my meal came there was room to eat. The waiter did manage to finally take his last check off the table midway through the meal though. I doubt there was a tip. The runner came out to setup our silverware because the waiter never bothered to replace the setting. Its a diner right? ....so I was kinda shocked when I didn't even get a water shortly after sitting down. The waiter never refilled our coffees or even asked how we were doing the entire time...standard waiter stuff and it wasn't like he was busy. It was a regular crowd, no rushes. He was just lazy.. or a bad waiter. Its ashame because the decor was great the food was good just the service lacked. Mark, get on your waitstaff and hire some old south Philly broads who care about their jobs.
My sister and I came here on a Saturday night. It was our 1st time partying in Philly and we had an absolute blast. Drinks are about $6, along with $2 PBR's. The dj played such a variety. Rock, Hip hop, Oldies. He even ended the night with Hansen! Sounds corny, but the damn song was stuck in my head all week. He played such great classics that had everyone jamming out on the dance floor. There was a great vibe. I can't wait to go back!
My boyfriend and I went here last night and loved it.   I had the best spicy asian tuna burger!  So good!  He had a juicy angus burger with bacon.  The service was awesome and the way the place is set up is such a good idea....with the club on one side and a bar and diner on the other.  I still need to go to the club side still, but I heard it was fun.  I would recommend to check it out.
Okay so i have not been able to have the pleasure of dining at Silk City yet, but I made my way there twice already and had a great time. The first time it was kind of early on a Wed night and things were slow but the bartender was cool, drinks came at a normal time-woohoo----and they were good! And for my second time, the crowd was dancing their asses off and hell yeah that was fun------good music (thank u DJ) and a great way to end my birthday!! again--- music was kickass on thursday!
This was THE place to come to when you were hungry after leaving Shampoo or any club when it past 2am. Occasionally there was a wait, but it wasn't too bad as you checked out the scene. If you were a in a group, your wait was understandably a little longer where at least one member of the party was practically laying on the floor from being too cranked. 

For some odd reason, I clearly recall sitting across from a newer friend of our group, and being mesmerized by how precisely they sliced their banana over the bowl of cereal, don't ask; I don't know why I remember this of all things. 

My order was usually my diner go-to staple: hash browns and crispy bacon. That fact pretty much hasn't changed over the years if I'm out so late. 

After checking out their site, it appears as though the Silk City I went to closed down in 2006, and was revamped with a new outdoor patio (I was going through photos first and sure as heck know that wasn't in existence prior) and the revamp looks as though it was well-received. One thing I sure noticed was that '10% operational fee' tacked on to every bill; evidently it's not just the state of California implementing such a cost to the consumer. 

I had some good memories here, and that is where they'll stay. I'd like to remember this place as I knew it.
Diner and Lounge? ! Now you're speakin' my language. A great spot to catch the DJ spinning, dance your @ss off, and vibe the vibe. What could be better. A diner next door to end the evening with a fresh, tasty bite.
We arrived at Silk City Diner with a group of 5 on Sunday morning around the time when they opened at 10am and there was no wait. We opted to sit outside, at one of the colorful picnic tables under large umbrellas. My friends had the chicken and biscuits, shrimp and bacon omelet, silk cakes with a side of sausage, while my husband and I each ordered the pork belly hash. I was very impressed by how good the food was and how large their portions were. Taking a star off as my water glass looked kinda dirty and still had an imprint of some lip gloss on it :/
As one of my friends commented, "The Silk City patio is where God has happy hour".  I couldn't agree more.  As a Texan, I get nostalgic on Silk City's patio because it combines my favorite Mexican ktisch with bricks and fire pits.  

I am going the 4 star route because I don't love the food.  Don't get me wrong, the food is *pretty* good.  But it's not mouth watering.  Here's how an insular Silk City evening should go:

Arrival: 6 ish for a prime patio spot.  
Marinate: Drink outside for awhillllllllllllleeeeee.
Dance Face: Hit up the dance floor after you're nice and boozed.
Face Melt: Round 2 on the dance floor
Late Night: slide into a booth in the diner and order anything.  Your tastebuds won't be quite as acute at this point and everything will be so amazing and delicious.
Depart: on foot or by cab

Sidebar: The waitstaff is really awesome.
Always a good time. Particularly with DJ Deejay's Saturday Night dance parties. Good drinks. Bathroom line gets long probably from aforementioned good drinks, or other things. One bouncer/security guard was quite the dickhead but I suppose it comes with the territory. Sweaty and fun. I heard jazz nights are a lot more mellow and relaxed. I prefer Silk City to the Barbary and 700 Club, as I know there are some similarities. My best friend tells me that the restaurant is pretty amazing, but I never made it there. 

I also remember sitting on the curb after last call on 5th and Spring Garden where people were intermittently throwing up onto the sidewalk and making out with each other.
Contrary to everything I've heard about this spot, I've yet to be impressed. 

My friend and I first stumbled in here on our search for a pre-game spot before hitting up the Electric Factory. Although it was a warm summer night, there were not many people at all. The bartender was pretty unfriendly, and seemed to be serving large groups preferentially over us, even though we arrived first. The expensive mixed drinks we ordered were more juice than anything else. After another beer or two, we hit the road. It was just a flat out disappointment.

I did eventually come back here with some friends for brunch and it was an improvement over the bar. The waitress was nice and the food was decent. Still, it was an underwhelming experience. I would never go out of my way to come here.
I can't decide if I love this place or not.  The two times I've had dinner here, I enjoyed it thoroughly.  The service was speedy, portions were good and the staff was friendly.

I've taken a group of friends here the past couple of weekends.  The music is so so, consisting of a lot of hip hop/rap and a smidgen of 80's and techno.  The crowd is pretty diverse...you will spot collar poppers and meat heads.  There is a lot of dancing here even though the music can sometimes get old.  I'm pretty sure if they played some more 80's and toned down the hip hop I'd give this place four stars.
I'm not 5-staring the food here at Silk City, but definitely the place as a whole. There's something about the place that makes me smile....and kills my hangover.  With great drink specials, beers, brunch specials and an all around cool vibe, it is simply the best anti-hangover special. The outdoor patio is full of colors and various odd lawn ornaments and the staff is quick to bust out the umbrellas when the skies decide to open up a bit (thanks for that Molly). Head over here if you're in the mood for a semi-hipster upscale diner and don't forget to grab 6-pack to go on the way out. 

Tip: Try the syrup on the table. It's straight from Vt and good enough to eat by the spoonful.
This review is for Silk City bar at night. Came here on a Saturday night and had a blast. Few factors that affected the 4 star rating I chose to give. They are as follows:
- $5 cover, annoying but worth it.
- Side room was PACKED. Like "I can't breathe or move" kinda packed. It was a little better later in the night.
- Upper dining area/bar was much more bearable. We were able to get drinks immediately there.
- Great dancing music, top 100 hits.
- There was no line to get in (granted, we arrived pretty late close to 12:30am).

Will definitely be back soon!
Since I was teenager, I've been eating here.  The food is always solid and they boast a nice beer selection. In the lounge, music is a mixed-bag of old school hip hop ( a personal favorite) with spanish and gypsy thrown in (this is on a friday night, by the way).  The crowd is...well, you don't care because you're there for the music, right?
An amazing, eccentric diner. While in town for my sister's graduation, I was happy to find out that we were going to a diner for brunch and that I didn't have to go a weekend without diner food (YES!) We walked in and I was immediately struck by the decor: purple chrome, red tchotchke dangling from the ceiling. I knew I was in good hands.

The brunch cruised by. The coffee was great, the fruit salad was surprisingly fresh, the Greek omelette had wonderfully pungent feta, and the tapenade on that crostini! Plus an added bonus, our server bore a striking resemblance to Courtney Act. (Celebrity brunch!)

Overall, it was a fantastic time with no downsides. The wait was minimal, everyone was super pleasant, I can't wait to return when visiting in Philadelphia!
Always a good time!!

I've only been to Silk City a handful of times to dance late night in the lounge. I was there a week ago for the Absolut Wild Tea Launch Party with Philly2night and once again, I had a blast!

Silk City had a tiki-inspired menu sampling for the night so I nibbled on some light bites while I sipped on Absolut Wild Tea Cocktails, mixed with Vita Coco. The food was pretty good, but it was the drinks that really blew me away. I've been trying to get into the Coconut water trend, but every time I try it, I am disappointed... Little did I know, I just had to add the booze. Go figure. It's always a bonus when I can justify my drinking by the health benefits in my mixer!

The Wild Tea is not like other tea vodkas, either. It tastes more like an unsweetened iced tea, which I prefer anyway, so I can sweeten it as much or as little as I like. It also didn't make me feel like crap the next day because it didn't have too much sugar! I think I found my new summer drink! And, where better to enjoy it than outside in Silk City's awesome outdoor garden! I'll definitely be back for more.
i like it a lot. the owners are the same as north 3rd and the food is just as good. only went to the night life part once for a party. the djs were excellent. had a wait at the bar for my drinks for what seemed to be too long. they were busy, but being a bartender, i couldve had that bar taken care of much quicker. but i'm critical when it comes to bar service, (i always believe i can do it better) ego. anyway, great concept. diverse crowd. overall service is good.
Oh boy Silk City. Went here with a bunch of friends after reading about it on some Philly blogs. We went to the lounge part of the place on a night labeled "Anything You Can Shake Your Hips To". We were all pleasantly surprised by how energetic the crowd was and how great the music was. The DJ, who I have learned since then is called DJ DeeJay, played a fantastic mix of 80s, hip-hop, pop & rock. 

At S.C. I am big fan of the $2 Pabst cans, $0 cover (yes no cover you read right), unisex bathrooms, neon diner signs, and unique mix of girl found there - couldn't really put them into one niche like most dance places. I like to branch out and try to hit up as many different types of places in the city as I can but S.C. has become my 'sure-thing' for Saturday nights.
Stumbled upon this place after a few recommendations. Upon arrival, I was already in love. It's got that real old-school diner feel with shiny stainless steal and those red and sea foam green color combos. 

We came for happy hour (5-7pm). $6 you-call-its, $5 cocktails of the day, (which was a spicy margarita), and deals on drafts. They also have food specials, so by nature, we had to check that out. We ordered the mini chicken and waffles. OMG. Freakin' delicious. It came with a sweet corn puree and spicy maple syrup on the side. Next time, I'm coming for the full version. 

It was a really hot and humid day so we didn't check out the courtyard, and I believe they also have a space for music. 

Great service, great, atmosphere, delicious drinks, and yummy food. I'll be back for sure!
we came here with a group of 30 after a birthday party. deejay dj did not dissappoint.  my brother is somewhere between chris brown and michael jackson for all time best dancer and the dance floor provided adequate space for him to show off his moves.
This diner located on Spring garden Street has been a longtime fixture. It is a bit upscale and even has a garden for dining in good weather. Recommend it.
tl;dr this hybrid restaurant/bar/event space lights up an otherwise barren stretch of Sping Garden, but would be forgettable in nearly any other part of the city

Silk City is aiming to be a one-stop shop. What appears to be a run-down, trolley-car-style diner is flanked by a picturesque garden. The brick patio sport intentional and tasteful wear-and-tear, accented by royal blue chairs and bright umbrellas. In addition to regular brunch and dinner services, weekends may feature live music.

After suffering an unexpected flat bike tire around the corner, Silk City stood as an oasis in an otherwise deserted strip of Spring Garden. Our party of 4 arrived reservation-less at Sunday brunch primetime but were promptly seated in the courtyard. The menu features a slightly sophisticated take on brunch classics, as a lengthy beverage section.

I shared Bee's Breakfast Sandwich and the Chicken and Waffles. The sandwich featured a stellar aioli, but was otherwise dull, sporting thin slices of bacon and a flimsy croissant. The home fries were bland and limp -- I was left to daydream about a crispy side of hash browns. The chicken was hearty and well-cooked, overwhelming the slightly doughy waffle. The rich gravy was laden with pulled chicken, but I was thrown off by the sweet tones of the syrup that were mixed in -- I wish a dish of syrup was offered on the side, instead.

Service was friendly when there, but otherwise surprisingly absent from our meal -- I didn't have my water re-filled a single time during the course of the meal. I also was irked that the automatically-charged gratuity wasn't clearly delineated on my check.

At $40 after tax and tip, Silk City felt moderately expensive for average brunch fare. While a fine option for our hungry party status-post bike dilemma, I certainly wouldn't go out of my way to return.
Great gastro pub menu and huge outside seating/patio give this North Libs spot 4 well earned stars.
I love love love the outdoor seating here! This place is awesome for brunch. Good drinks (spicy bloody mary, decent sized mimosas, decent sangria). Good food - the fried chicken and waffles, huevos rancheros, and mac n cheese ball served with sausage gravy were all superb. 

The outdoor garden is awesome. Come here for brunch or even for afternoon drinks outside.
My friend said that she had been to this place before from living in the neighborhood so I decided to look it up on here, since this is my favorite app!  I immediately knew from other users photos and reviews that I would be ordering the chicken and waffles! 

MY GOD! I've only have chicken and waffles once before in another town in PA but this may have topped that by a long run! The flavors were absolutely delicious! 

The place itself is also pretty swanky! It's got a diner, an outdoor seating area as well as a bar! Three of the best things in one! 

They are pretty decently priced! The chicken and waffles were 13$ and from looking at the menu they had some awesome drafts for cheap. 

Who doesn't like a place where you can get great food and cheap drinks! This place is a win win! I'll be coming back for sure!
I wanted to like Silk City. I'm even giving it 3 stars based on what others have told me about the place. When I went it was the perfect storm of a DJ willing to play whatever, every bride-to-be from here to 'down' the shore and me not being NEARLY drunk enough to enjoy a playlist of 90's tween dance hits. 

It seems like it could be cool spot, but fucked if it was that Saturday. I'll give it another shot.
Loved this place!  The retro-styling and creative brunch specials made a drowsy morning a lot of fun.  Today's Sunday goodies included foie gras scrapple with beets and asparagus, BBQ pulled pork breakfast pizza, banana caramel pancakes...  The regular brunch menu was a great collection of griddle specialties and egg dishes (perfect for hangovers and they hungry).  Service was cheerful and cute.  The $5 souvenir tees were great for the New Yorkers with a shopping bug.
Silk City is such a good time. I love coming here on Saturday nights. I love that half of the place is a restaurant and regular bar and the other half has dancing. And the diner feel of the restaurant is really cool. The DJ last night was really good. The cover is only $5 and the bouncers are very nice. This is a good spot for a bachelorette party. And the bartender manager Jolly is the absolute best. We got there around 9 or 9:15pm and were talking to a table who was finishing up dinner and they all said how great their meals were. So far, I have only been here for drinks and dancing but need to come back some time for a meal.
I want a Silk City in Brooklyn!

This combination dance-club/diner/beirgarden truly has something for everyone. Since it was Allison B's birthday, we pretty much stuck to the dance floor.

Drinks were reasonably priced (le sigh Philly), and DJ Deejay played songs that 90% of the crowd knew 90% of the words too. AND he took requests via Twitter, which at first I thought was stupid, but THEN I realized that I could constantly tweet song requests without having to stop dancing to fight my way through the crowd. "Party in the USA" please?
Went to Silk City for brunch and was fairly surprised when we had no issue grabbing a table. I imagined it to be a pretty popular place.

I didn't drink (although the sangria intrigued me) but as for food, the vegan options are fairly non-existent. The server was helpful finding something (a modified salad) but I left hungry and had a full meal when I got home. 

Atmosphere was very cute, but everything was pricey, so I'll only be back if asked to by others. 4 stars because I'm not going to dock solely because of vegan opportunities, and the other people I was with enjoyed their dishes.
I like Silk.  I've had some great times here, and some just decent times as well.  But overall, this is a good staple in the Libs for breakfast, reasonably priced drinks, and a cool place to dance.  

--Breakfast:   I really LOVE the CHEESE GRITS here.  I think people caught on though because now the portion size is smaller :-(.  I also order my eggs "over-medium" and the last time I was there they were cooked perfectly!
Tip:  Don't sit in the club/bar part for breakfast (dark, dingy, and smells like beer).  Unless you are absolutely starving, wait for a table in the main diner (much better atmosphere!)
 
---Drinks:  The Beer Garden is such a nice place to chill in the summer.  You can literally sit there for hours and unwind. Besides beer, the strawberry basil margarita is quite tasty.  

----Bar/Club:  Cool on Thursday nights for hip-hop, yet the crowd can get a little rowdy (nothing I can't handle ;-) ) and the guest DJs are sometimes disappointing.  I know that music is a very subjective thing--I just don't like it when a DJ plays House music allllll night:  HEADACHE lol!).  Nevertheless,  it's a cool place to get some cheap drinks and spend like an hour or two before you hop to somewhere else.  

Still got to try that Sweet Potato Waffle and Fried Chicken combo---sounds damn good!
I came to Silk City for a halloween party on Oct 26. The official name was "DJ DEEJAY presents: SILK CITY SATURDAYS ***SPECIAL HALLOWEEN COSTUME PARTY!!***" It was a great time. Online it said cover was $5 with a costume and they were true to their word. We got there around 11:15 and the place slowly got busier over the next hour or so. Drinks were reasonable ($3 for a beer, $5 for a rum and coke) and the bartenders were really quick with their service. If you're looking for a place to dance, look no further. The DJ played an amazing mix that was a ton of fun to dance to and overall just a great blend of genres. No sketchy guys coming up behind you like they would at a typical club, so my friends and I definitely appreciated that. This place is very chill and not at all pretentious. No requirement for heels, which is nice because charging $20+ for cover and requiring heels does NOT automatically make a great club. It was a great place to kick off Halloweek celebrations that'll continue into the following weekend. Keep it up, Silk City!
drinks = good.
dancing = good.
brunch = amazing.
wait for brunch = not as amazing.
two blocks away = excellent.
This review is for drinking and dancing on Saturdays at Silk City.

Pros:
- Cheap. From cover to drinks, I've never spent more than 30 bucks in this joint.
- Great music courtesy of DJ Deejay.
- Bathrooms that are, surprisingly... well, not shitty.
- It's just a cool space, man.
- Lots of fun people... but more on this below.

Cons:
- Lots of obnoxious people, too.
- Well, way too many people in general.
- The bass doesn't need to be quite that loud. Once I can feel it in my balls killing my sperm, maybe it's a bit excessive.


Silk City, I want to love you. You have a lot of my favorite things, and can't be blamed for not carrying prostitutes. But, there's something just a little off with your Saturday night soiree, and I think I know what it is. Suffice to say that I like you, but you got some things to work on, and I don't know if it's in your power to change them.

See, I've spent lots of time around drunk people. Way more than is probably healthy. In fact, I'm not sure how I've managed to not punch someone/get punched in the face at a bar yet. And yet, somehow, the drunks at Silk City take the cake.

I can only imagine that everyone at Silk City on a Saturday assumes that they're like that mutant from X-Men that no one paid attention to. You know, the one who can walk through walls, and people and stuff... Kitty Pryde? Well, yeah, they can't walk through walls, or people, but they kinda try to anyway. Again. And again. And a third time after I look him/her right in the face and say "hey, take it easy. Standing right here, bud." Even better, they have an attitude about it. As if blaming me for, you know, existing in the corporeal plane. This is especially annoying when the person is large enough to eat me and ask about dessert five minutes later.

Anyway, I think Silk is probably a lot more fun on their less popular nights. I love the space itself, the music, and everything except the people who go there. Let's put it this way - if someone as douchey as me is saying that a crowd somewhere needs to learn some manners... well, yeah.

Pro-tip:
- I would not wear open toe shoes here, ladies. You will get stepped on.
For the record, I have never eaten at the diner. This a review of the lounge. I'm not sure how I feel about the "new" Silk City. I don't want to rush to condemn the place compared to how it used to be, since I have only been there once under the new ownership. Its no longer has the dive bar feel it used to, which in some ways is a good thing (the bathrooms were spotless). They got rid of the stage and there is a doorway there now leading into the diner. I agree with some recent reviews that say the crowd was mixed. The old Silk City was just so fun and so bad ass. I used to go there and dance, drink, bump into people I know, and then have new music and fashion ideas for months afterward. Totally 5 star worthy. The jury is still out on the new place.
I really like this place since its got its "makeover". I"m happy it kept it's diner roots in the lounge area and the food is pretty good but nothing special, athough my piggy self would appreciate larger portions. But, the wings, duck spring rolls, salmon, meat loaf, mac are all ok. If it was just on food I would prob rate the place 3 stars.
        I esp like the music at night , plus Im usually only the second worst dancer on the floor as I shake my flat ass next to the crowd of hipsters gyrating on the dance floor. My only huge complaint is it is F***in hot  .. like Africa hot , when it gets crowd esp on the warmer nights. I swear I saw a herd of giraffe go running thru doing my buddy's bday in June, but otherwise thumbs up for something different than your normal lounge in center city
Since the beer garden opened they have the best outdoor space in Philly. Where else can u drink tecate out of a can and sit on a keg and wear a straw fedora... yes I'm that guy.  Still the hottest dance floor in the world no I don't mean hot in like this place is "off the hook" or " jumping  and banannas" or whatever kids say these days it is literally the hottest- temperature wise dance floor in the world. If Satan wanted a disco in hell it would be the Silk City dance floor. Was recently there for a buddy's grad party and almost saw an altercation between my buddy who can lift small automobiles and a bouncer who I'm pretty sure played for the Eagles last year. It would have been a fight you would seen in an old Godzilla movie and I would have played the role of the asian guy mouthing "Holy shit" and "run for your lives." One downside  I felt like a goddamn sheep herder but instead of fending off dingos and wolves  from my sheep,I had to fend off the strangest looking dudes w/ the social awkwardness of a sex offender from my friends. Plus the stamp that DJ Ipod put on us when we came in must have been a tattoo b/c I can't get this bitch off of me.
Philly  oh Philly. How i love thee! Such a selection of places to eat with sooo little time. What to do what to do? 

Plan your day accordingly i always say. 

After a few places were super full we ended up here. Obviously after reading some yelp reviews...lol

Silk City Diner looked like it would not dissappoint and everyone in our party collectively agreed. The wait was short and the food came quick and the service was good. Not great....just good. It is hard to find great service now adays but it is what it is. Sitting outside on such a beautiful day is highly recommeneded. Everything on the menu looked amazing! I had a traditional breakfast platter with eggs, bacon and some whole wheat toast and home fries. All i can say is that it was delicous and i wanted seconds! thirds! and yes even fourths! I was soo enamored with my breakfast that i really didn't pay attention to the other dishes on the table. : ) 

Silk City Diner - see you on my next visit! 

Long live breakfast!
I have not been to silk city in about 3 years.  I remember it as a good brunch and late night spot.  This time around it was only ok.  The drinks were so so.  We had an old fashioned and a margarita.  The food was only average too.  The chicken sandwich was cold.  The fries were good.  I chalk it up to an off night.
The place is cool very trendy but didn't care for the food. I had the pork belly Empanadas many flavors but didn't feel they meshed well together. Popcorn shrimp were ok but the spicy aioli sauce was the best. I ordered a sangria which was really watery. My conversation with my friend was the highlight of the evening but for a first timer it was not memorable.
Sounds like a strip club right? Or like when you say 'Silk City' you have to do the arm wave? 

Jokes aside, the hostess was awful. We stood there with a bunch of other disgruntled patrons who could obviously see openings in the tables and countertop. For some reason this chick just wasn't doing her job and was loudly complaining about how 'over it' she was. 

Once we were seated by a server, brunch was good. The place is essentially a diner, just with a fun flair. The cornbread muffin with mac and cheese inside was mind blowing, but other than that nothing was exceptional. The country fried steak and eggs was a lot for brunch, but my hungover self enjoyed it.

The bartender was delightful, which cancelled out our experience with the gate-keeping troll. So overall, it was just a good brunch experience.
The beer garden is open! My wife surprised me and picked me up at work last Wednesday. She wanted to take advantage of the weather so Silk City was the spot. They always have a good beer selection and I cannot go without ordering the Fried Chicken. y wife was bummed that they have taken the smothered string beans off the menu but they were replaced by some delicious collard greens.
I love it here and all of it's bits.  I dream of the breakfast sliders.  I dance my ass off on the floor whenever I get a chance.  It's a great laidback place to bring friends, relax, boogie down, people watch, and find constant entertainment.  I actually had to keep myself away for a few weekends bc since I moved to no liberties I was constantly making appearances.  Fear not, I'll definitely be back the weekend of the 4th!
Randomly got to try this place out this week. I actually ditched my job's holiday party (a block away) to meet up with an old college friend here. I was already sorta filled with wack food from the holiday party but I was being treated to a meal here and I can't resist a free meal.

Backup- I've been here before but didn't eat and pretty much ended up leaving 5mins after arrival cause I didn't want to party either.

Update- Being seated was no biggie since we arrived before 10pm. I like the diner appeal of the place but the food is def better than diner food. It was cold as heck outside and I WAS disappointed that they had NEITHER the hot chocolate OR cider available. We ended up getting alcoholic breverages which I sorta really didn't want to get. :( boo. What we ordered was tasty tho.

My friend did most of the food ordering cause he was the hungry one. He got the veggie/tomato soup, mussels and I swear the biggest set of beef sliders I've ever seen. lol. I LOVED sliders who i was happy actually. I ate part of his sliders. 

And we made the mistake of ordering individual desserts. Oh my my, the brownie with the ice cream was delicious and I had to pinch myself because I couldnt' finish it. I returned half of it. DANG IT. I hate wasting food. My friend ordered the gelato and this bowl musta had like 10 scoops on it. He couldn't finish it either. A BIG star for being generous with the food here. Esp for the price.

I'll def come back here...really liked it. PLUS they open late, as a new yorker I'm a FAN of anywhere in philly that serves food after 12am. seriously!
I went to the reopening and it was a good time.  It was the event the guy below me is talking about.  (BTW, I've been to Sal's a few times and not once have I enjoyed the music.  It's usually full of underaged UArts kids as well.  Regardless, this is not a review of Sal's.)  It was a plus that the diner counter was a makeshift second bar but by 12 both bars were out of pretty much every type of beer.  I gave it four stars despite this because it was the reopening and maybe they didn't anticipate the crowd.  Speaking of the crowd, it was fairly diverse.  The hipsters Kevin W. was talking about were spotted but I also saw a ton of people I've never  seen around Philly.  I made a few new friends that night and ran into many old ones.  Basically it's a decent dance spot with no cover on Thursdays.  Not a bad deal.
Can't believe I never reviewed Silk City on Yelp before.

I'm a fan. Usually it's a must have pre Electric Factory concert meal. 

I mean that guy from Diners/Dives/Drive Throughs has been there, right? That has to be a good thing, right? 

We had the the Touch of Evil to drink - Cazadores Resposada tequila, blueberry infused Makers Mark, St Germaine, simple syrup and lime. Strong AND delicious!!! A winner!

We split a salad and two appetizers.

The rib special was horrible. Overcooked. Dry. A total letdown for this spot that specializes in good comfort food. 

The Mac and cheese was marvelous. Decadent but delicious. Along with the drink, the highlight.

We split a house salad - mixed greens, grape tomatoes, cucumbers, carrots, croutons in a delicious balsamic vinaigrette. 

Service was average at best. But then again, we go for the food knowing that's usually the norm. 

If the ribs weren't so bad there would have been another star.
Even in it's heyday Silk City has been a double institution. It's equal parts Restaurant and Club. So to properly review it I feel that you have to take both aspects into consideration and cover them separately. Good thing the new update feature should let me do just that. Therefore this one is going to be a 2 part review.

Part 1 - The Restaurant

Silk City may no longer be the crusty old diner of yesteryear. But damn has the facelift done wonders to it. I might not be able to come in and get some eggs past 2 AM like I used to. But I can come in a get a whole lot more than I ever could before. And they maintained the right amount of the old decor to make it still feel familiar.

Stopped in to the new Silk City for the first time with Eric F., Michelle, and their friend (I suck at names) after the Punk Rock Flea Market. They weren't serving food until 5 but we were able to sit down to some tall glasses of fresh squeezed orange juice (so refreshing) and have some good conversation. As soon as 5 hit we were quickly met with some great service and had our drink order refilled on the spot.

Had a hard time choosing what to order since all of the food sounded mighty tempting. But the penne pasta with chicken and shrimp sounded like it was going to hit the spot and you best believe that it did. but then again how can you go wrong with succulent JUMBO shrimp, tender strips of grilled chicken, and pasta cooked with arugula and tomato sauce? everyone else was pretty satisfied with their roastbeef sandwich, ahi tuna burger, and Silk salad. So needless to say I'll definitely be back for a meal.

And in the same night I got to give their club side a test drive at Cella's birthday party. Therefore this review is going to be continued.....
Have you had their fried chicken?OMG... I almost NEVER order fried chicken at a restaurant, but the girl at the table next to me ordered it, and it looked delicious, so I decided to as well.  It came with mashed potatos, jalapeno cornbread (which I LOVED), and I ordered spinach with mine.

My food was soooo good! Silk City was already one of my favorite places to eat. but the buttermilk chicken just solidified it for me.
SIlk City is the place I take my friends from home when they come to visit. I believe it says to them, "Hey, I know you like bars that have Bud Light specials. I also know you want me to get the eff out of Philadelphia and move back to New York. But seriously, Phila isn't all bad. Aren't you having fun?"

I think the best word to describe Silk City is "accessible." No matter who you are, you can feel comfortable there any day of the week. The music doesn't typically stray too far into the obscure, and the crowd is also a happy, unassuming bunch.

I've seen DJ nights at Silk, live music, just hung out, and even celebrated my 23rd birthday there. All have been great times.

The dinner offers a nice break from the bar / dance floor area, where you can step over for a bite or just a less-loud drink. 

The food in the diner follows the trend of late - American diner food with a gourmet flare. The meatloaf is delicious as are the mashed potatoes. In fact, nothing I've sampled on the menu has been disappointing.

All in all, it's not a bad place to find yourself on any night of the week.
