I was on my way back to LA from Philly, and I was looking for good breakfast options before boarding my flight. I found this place a few hundred meters away from my gate. I had the craving for sushi, but I was told that they don't serve it until after 10:30 AM. They did, however, have breakfast options that sounded appealing. So I went with that and sat down for my meal here.
I ordered some water while I waited for my meal. Ten minutes later, my meal comes out. I got eggs with tuna and home fries. The plate had pretty big portions, and food was pretty good. It was not too heavy, and sat well in my stomach.
Once I was done, I paid for the check, then made my way to my gate. The food here made my morning. The customer service was great, and the decor was pretty nice. I'd repeat.
If you're surprised about the prices at an airport joint you either just crawled out of a cave from a twenty year hibernation or you have the IQ of a Styrofoam peanut!  Enough with bitching about the prices already and let's move on.

Why Oh why do you stop at an airport eatery/drinkery? 

1. YOU NEED TO CHARGE YOUR PHONE!  This place is perfect for that.  The bar is lined with an unbelievable number of outlets.  Just watch the patrons smile as they see them.  You will to. 

2. YOUR FLIGHT HAS BEEN DELAYED/CANCELLED AND YOU DESPERATELY NEED AN ADULT LIBATION OR TWO OR THREE!  These folks have got you covered with beer, wine and specialty drinks.

3. YOU'LL DIE UNLESS YOU SEE THE CURRENT WORLD CUP, BASEBALL, FOOTBALL, BASKETBALL OR WHATEVER GAME!  Not a problem here as there are plenty of good quality screens.

4. IT SURE WOULD BE NICE TO EAT SOMETHING OTHER THAN FAST FOOD!  Try the Breakfast Fried Rice ($10) with your choice of meat.  Vegetarian also if you lean that way.  Absolutely delicious.

If you are in Terminal C you should give these folks a shot.
Sky Asian Bistro is a nice restaurant in the Philadelphia airport between terminals B & C. They have a decent menu for airport food. Prices are high, but not surprising since it's in an airport.   They have both dine-in and takeout.  What's really nice is their airport employee menu which offers a few items at about half the prices as their full menu.  I've eaten there a few times, the quality and taste are great.  I will continue to eat there!  Highly recommend!
As I frequent PHL often...I wanted to change it up and try something different as I waited on my flight!  

Service was good service-prompt and attentive to my needs.  I liked that the seating had electrical and USB outlets to charge up while you are waiting and eating!

The bar is stocked with liquor and beer and I like those options!  The food was prepared freshly, was adequate-nothing special..but it is a nice choice besides 'fast food'!

I would stop by again if I had some time to enjoy a hot meal!
Ha.  Never thought I'd write a review for airport food, but here it is.  Philly's airport is in the last part (as far as I can tell) of a major rebuild.  Part of this change is an increase in a few higher end restaurants.  One of these is Sky Asian Bistro.

Walking in is a little difficult due to the masses of people trying to get to their gate and the amount of tables they squeezed into this place.  We found a cubby-hole in the corner.  We received our menus quickly and she quickly followed up with our drinks.  They have the usual assortment of sushi but the prices were a little high (expected as it's an airport).  California rolls were $4.50, but any kind of real fish was $6.50+ per roll.  My wife got the Cali rolls and she liked them ok, nothing earth shattering.  I got the Tuna Rolls and was impressed by the quantity and quality of the tuna.  They did a great job.

They food service was quick and responsive and the staff seem to help each other out.  Most of the waitresses were pretty dang hot too!
Sushi from the airport? Questionable. Sushi from the Philly airport? Nah.  

The good:
-Great looking spot
-Outlets at every bar seat
-Lots of TVs 

The bad:
-Prices ($11 for spring rolls. $10 for 4 dumplings)
-The chicken dumplings were grimey and just plain strange.  
-Staff was chatting about how slow it was, making no $$, etc. Come on, peeps! It's never OK to complain about your job in front of the customers... in ANY profession. 

In terminal C of the Philly airport? Come here to waste some time and charge your phone, just don't order what I did (or the sushi. Come on now.).
I was on my way from a work trip to spend Saturday with the fam when I heard my least favorite words "flight cancelled."  I immediately dialed my friends at United (sadly I know the # by heart) and begged to be put on a new flight. Unfortunately, I was out of luck on United for that day, but they hooked me up on a US Air flight later that day.

I had a few hours to spare and made my way to the US Air terminal, which is ten times better than the United terminal. At this point I realized it was 4pm and all I had eaten all day was an unappetizing Auntie Anne's pretzel (pretty much the only option in the United Terminal).

And that's when I saw Sky Asian Bistro. The sushi was saying "eat me. eat me," but I'm skeptical of sushi made in an airport. I played in safe and went with veggie dumplings and fried rice instead. It totally hit the spot and for about three minutes all my anger towards United was forgotten.

I scarfed down my food, but then spent another hour or so catching up on work at their bar. The waitresses were super friendly and didn't rush me at all.

Hopefully your experiences at the Philly airport turn out better than mine, but if you find yourself with some spare time Sky Asian Bistro is one of the better airport restaurants I've discovered.
It was ok...a little over priced but its a airport so it's kind expected. I would have given them 3 but the receptionist was sooo nice, warm and inviting! Her personality was so dope that when I said whats good and she mentioned a meat item I ALMOST wanted to try it!...lol I felt the rolls were skimpy considering they where 7 bucks but AGAIN it's a airport. But what was not pictured cuz I'm greedy was veggie pot stickers and they although skimpy for the price (5 for 12) were delisous like OMG I wish I had gotten two instead of the rolls... It's been a long time since I've had pot stickers /dumplings amd oh have I missed them!
..wish I could have shown y'all but I was hungry!
I sauntered over here after a flight...waiting for another flight *rolling eyes* I was hungry but needed something light.  Sky Asian Bistro was a very nice upscale restaurant/bar.  The staff was very friendly and full of energy and attentiveness...if you have ever read any of my reviews this is a MUST!  I ordered the California Roll, it came with each roll being different sizes...a bad sign, the ginger looked like it had been old and sitting for awhile and the avocado on my rolls were browned which tells me they were not fresh.  I was famished and only had 20 min. to run to my next flight so I gulped it down hoping that I wouldn't get sick, too much trouble to send it back and wait for another order.  I did see other happy patrons who ordered the pad tai and other dishes so maybe this particular day the sushi was off.  Three stars for the ambiance and customer service.  Would I come back...I'm not sure...the jury is still debating!
Sushi and sashimi at the airport - it takes courage or stupidity to do it, so which am I....the tuna and salmon were okay, though I admittedly wasn't feeling myself on the flight immediately after and I'm not certain why.
A considerably good and non-boring food option at the Philly airport. If you enjoy Asian food, the menu here is quite diverse and perhaps a bit Pan-Asian. Something for everyone. Service wasn't bad, and the food was prepared quickly. I'd likely hit this place up again if I was in the same terminal next time flying through Philly. Pricing is a bit high as expected for airport food. It's still far better than the food court options.
You've made it to the airport early. You got your ticket printed out and made it past the stringent security of American airports without a hiccup. Now you play the waiting game. And now your stomach demands nourishment. Therefore, you look around for a place to satisfy your appetite. This is the situation that I found myself in when I arrived at Sky Asian Bistro. I had a bowl of rice and some sushi rolls. All of the food itself is average. However, the décor of the place is absolutely fantastic and it felt nice to bathe in the Asian atmosphere. The service was nice enough and the overall experience was decent. My bill came out to be $25 (tax and tip included).
Nice airport restaurant. We really enjoyed our dinner here. I wasn't very hungry so I just ordered the cheese steak dumplings. There were only four but it was enough for me. They are really very good! I would order them again. 

Hubby ordered California roll. He said it was good, fresh. He commented that there were only 6 pieces instead of the 8 he is used to. 

The girls split the sky chicken. They liked it a lot and ate all of it. They did say that the rice was undercooked, however. 

Overall, really good food. It's pricey but I don't think it's more than any high end Asian place. Our server was very nice. It took a little long to get our bill but finally got it after hubby flagged someone down. 

I would eat here again.
Damn, your black and pink Sakura design really caught my attention. I appreciate that sushi is an airport option besides junk food and heavy pub fare.

Service was friendly and prompt since I was sat at the bar. Bonus point for having conveniently electrical outlets for bar patrons. I was careful not to spill my drink.

I got their daily specials. Dancing Eel roll: shrimp tempura, avocado, mango, topped with unagi and ponzu. It was ok, and hit the spot, but not worth the $20 price tag. The server also mentioned some filet mignon dish. If you're not into sushi or sashimi, then go for a noodle or rice dish. They looked pretty good from my view of the cooking station. 

The drink, Sky Punch, was a froo froo concoction that the Wifey would be ok drinking. For me, it tasted premade or just lacked the wallop compared to other $12 crafty, high octane cocktails.

I guess I had way too much time on my layover between flights to finish this review. I would stop by Sky Asian Bistro again, but order something different.
I am a pilot and have been flying out of PHL for 10 years now. Until I discovered this place I'd have said there wasn't any real good food in PHL. I can't vouch for anything except their chicken pad Thai, but wow!! Its amazing! Thanks for bring flavor to phl airport !!
I usually get chicken fried rice to go when I pass through Philly. Today I had time to sit and dine. Tried the sushi and pad Thai. Sushi was fantastic! I had the dragon roll. Fresh and flavorful, with lots of fish and no excess amounts of rice. The pad Thai was good, but more sweet than spicy. I probably wouldn't get that again. Love the food here, but it is pricey.
Do not eat here and especially don't sit at the bar.  I have never encountered such rude and inappropriate treatment or behavior as a customer anywhere in my life.  I was between flights and sat at the deserted bar (yes I was the only person sitting) and plugged my phone in one of about 20 outlets along the counter to check some emails.  The bartender was not only pushy, but after declining to order anything after a few minutes, went into an outrageous tirade.  She actually had the nerve to tell me I was "rude" for sitting there and that this "wasn't public domain" and began cursing at me. She completely lost it and and began insulting me over sitting at the empty bar and not being sure or ready to order. I was in complete and utter shock.  To make matters worse, the manager was standing nearby and didn't step in to get control over this ridiculous employee.  I work in hospitality, and I have never, and I mean NEVER witnessed such an attitude and disrespect toward a potential customer/patron.
I have gone here a few times now since I travel to PHL ever so often.  

The service has been great the times I have gone but I have always sat at the bar which I feel probably gives you better service. They give you the check every time you order something so you can tab out when you are ready but they don't make you feel rushed. 

The dumplings are very delicious. The Philly cheese steak dumplings are very delicious. I feel the Curry Chicken are good but I would choose the Philly. I really enjoyed the sushi too. 

Overall, a great place to stop while traveling in PHL airport.
Sky Asian Bistro is an airport restaurant located in Terminal C of PHL. The space is quite large with a sushi bar in the middle flanked by two areas filled with tables. The menu is expansive, offering an assortment of appetizers, sushi rolls, and hot entrees. I ordered the udon stir fry, a moderately spicy dish with chicken and shrimp. It was a large-sized entree that would satisfy any hungry traveler. 

Service is quick, and food is decent, so it's a respectable stop before hopping on a flight.
Not sure why this place is poorly rated. Some of the best airport food I've had. And the service was excellent - fast, attentive, and with a smile.  This might be the only good thing that I've found about PHL Airport.

I had a salad with sashimi on it at the recommendation of the server.  I was very pleased.  Decent beer selection as well.

There are nice USB power hubs right at the bar, a thing seriously lacking in most airports.  So belly up!
This is my favorite place to eat at PHL.  I like the atmosphere.  They have usb and AC chargers at the bar.  The sushi is good for an airport place.  The service is very friendly and fast.  They have ramen and other things on the menu too but I have only had the sushi.  They also have my favorite bottled Japanese green tea, Ito En Oi Ocha. The vibe is pretty cool too.  You could almost forget you were in an airport and that is a good thing especially when that airport is PHL.
Great place to sit and have a few drinks, cocktails and food while enjoying a nice view. Located within the American Airlines terminal. Convenient access.
Gotta tell you. This food is good- not just airport good. Solid on its own good. 
It isn't creative. Or mind blowing but my salmon bento box was spot on. 
Salmon cooked perfectly. 
Rice spot on. 
Side salad was surprisingly good. 
Cali roll in the bento box was bad in technique and proportions were wrong but it was still good. Sushi rice cooked well. 

I'd for sure eat here again.
First off, this place is located an airport, fine. But airport food or not, this is still the first time I've ever had Pad Thai that's spicy! It tastes more citrusy and tangy than what I was prepared for. And this is the first time my Pad Thai didn't include bean sprouts. It had bell peppers, chicken, red chili flakes, scrambled egg, carrots, onions, peanuts, and lime. Good portion, but it costs $14 or so. Again, airport food - it's expected to be expensive. I chose this dish because it was the most popular based on observation, but personally, I say PASS!

I didn't try the Kobe Burger, but the fries were spicy. You can see red chili flakes all over! What's up with this place making everything spicy?? The burger was thick in the middle from the surprisingly huge piece of Kobe beef and tempura bacon - that's right, deep fried bacon! FAT on FAT on FAT. Of course it tastes good, but it's terrible for your health! The burger was $15 or so.
For an airport I thought the food was pretty good here! The food was served very timely and it  as tastes. It's Americanized Chinese food but the philly egg rolls were an interesting addition to the menu. I really enjoyed our fried rice and thought this was a good airport restaurant.
After arriving from a long flight  I decided to get a "take out" from Sky Asian Bistro... I've ordered 2 rolls, the Spicy Tuna ($6.50) and the Sky Shrimp Tempura ($13.50). I was super dissapointed when I arrived home and open the bag, the rolls were small and thin. In the spycy tuna, the cucumber was like 2/3 of the roll and in some pieces I could barely see the tuna. The other one was not made properly and it fall apart when you try to handle it with the chopstick.
I will not reccomend anybody to go there... it is pricy and the quality is low.
For an airport food place I will admit it was very good.  Overall it was pretty good food. I went with the meatball sub and bruschetta for an appetizer. The bruschetta with a little over priced for what they gave you but overall it was tasty and the meatball sub was good but as with the bruschetta for what you paid you could have gotten a bit more. Overall I would eat here again for quality but the hit to my wallet hurt a little.  Although disclaimer you are in an airport so theee is no such things as cheap at that point.
Not a bad place for airport fare and definitely a nicer option than the food court.  Decor is modern and clean, though space is tight as can be expected in an airport.  They do offer a nice variety of pan-Asian foods including sushi (which I'm always wary about in an airport because who wants to risk a 8-hr overseas flight with potentially suspect raw fish?)  The sushi is actually not that bad (which I sometimes indulge in when heading home on a short hop regional jet).  This time around it was a family vacation trip and the kids had the ramen noodles which were deemed just okay, but at least better than the instant kind.  My wife had some steamed vegetable dumplings and har gow (shrimp dumplings) but these were only okay at best, too.  On the other hand, I had their chicken pad thai and it was pretty good with fresh cilantro, lime, fish sauce, and crushed peanuts.  Their hot green tea was good and fragrant, served in a clever tea pot with built-in strainer. Service was decent and attentive; prices were a little high IMO.
ordered phillies roll and mimosa for a hot afternoon,and  both taste awesome! the presentation is good as well. music in the background is techno and waitresses are attentive. have dined here a couple of times, nothing bad in specific. i do recall that the last time i was here and ordered a sake they recommended buy i didn't like, they didn't charge me for it... that shows they care about their customers and their experiences. good staff. the place is a little pricey with the phillies roll at $16 but with all the positives and good sushi at airport, that is expected imo.
My experience started well but went downhill throughout. I started pleasantly surprised that they had wines for under $10 a glass, which is a rarity in airports these days. However, the quantity justified the price...if my glass of wine was 5 oz., it was 5 oz. by a milliliter! Then came service...a little slow but no big deal. However (and I know this is a personal bias, so take it as such), being served Asian food by, ummmm, let's say ladies of South Philly just lacks a certain authenticity (picture Rocky's Mom...with lots of ink). They were pleasant enough, but just seemed out of their element. Then came the food...I don't think I've seen more sloppily constructed sushi in my life...the rolls were literally falling apart...apparently they haven't quite mastered the skill of sticky rice preparation. Additionally, everything lacked flavor...even the wasabi! Lastly, they made one roll (the spider - soft shell crab) so big...probably about a two inch diameter...yet cut it so thin...that even if it was well constructed to begin with, it would still have fallen apart...and every piece of roll fell apart...so I ended up eating a lot of soy-soaked rice out of my soy dish. 

Love the look of the place...want to continue to encourage them to succeed, cause PHL needs this place to be good...but they need to work on a whole bunch of fundamentals before they get to improve their rating.
Pretty great as far as airport food goes.
My Bloody Mary was obviously just some mix and vodka, and the olives looked like they came out of an Egyptian tomb.
But the breakfast fried rice was so great after a 5AM flight. Such a huge portion and the breakfast sausage was very needed.
Holy smokes this place is super overpriced but I guess that's what you get when you're in the airport lol. Just to give you an idea, a chicken pad thai was $18 (!!!). I was desperate for some Asian food though so I was willing to pay anything after two weeks of having eastern European food (sooooo much meat and potatoes). 

The red tiger roll ($16!) was shrimp tempura with Scottish salmon on top and a spicy creamy sauce. Just ok, but the roll had far too much rice.

The ramen ($15) was super subpar. Really salty, tasteless broth and the pork belly was quite odd. Had some wakame and tiny cubed tofu like you get with your free miso soups at other Japanese restaurants. It was a very large portion though! I was running a little cold so I was glad just to have a lot of soup. 

Definitely wouldn't go again but it was good enough to curb my cravings until I could get back home
Good service, but completely mediocre sushi--which was way too expensive to boot. I suggest you avoid this place unless you are just DYING for sushi and it's not something you can get in your own hometown. Even the dinners (my friend got beef and broccoli) were mediocre at best--and of course way overpriced.
Consistent good service and quality options. One of the healthier option in Terminal C. 

After reviewing the menu at the entrance, I seated myself and was prompted greeted and given a menu. Ordered the sashimi salad and a dragon roll. Both were delicious. The specialty rolls are also well made with fresh ingredients and not a lot of rice filler. Both were also within price range of other sushi places outside the airport. 

From a price perspective, the small plates/dim sum is pricey. Maybe twice as much as other places. The specialty rolls are maybe $2 -$3 more than typical and the other options are also a few dollars more. However, the portions are decent and really filling. 

Overall a good spot to get Asian options. It has quite the variety: sushi, udon, fried rice, pad thai, etc. that will appeal to both sushi lovers, Asian food lovers, and potentially picky kids.
Beautiful decor but it's SOOOO DUSTY! I started to wonder how much dust was in my food. The food was fine/ unremarkable. Service was great. Hope they dust the ceilings and elaborate trim before my next morning flight!
I was on my way back to Dallas for Winter Break when I stumbled across Sky Asian Bistro on the way to terminal C in the Philadelphia Airport. They have an upper-class, asian feel but don't let it discourage you from going! The food is quite good.

I ordered the omelet with bacon, spinach, and tomatoes as my topping. They have a wide variety of options on their menu from asian dining such as ramen to dim sum to just everyday breakfast options. This is definitely not your stereotypical airport restaurant, but it's definitely more expensive than the fast food options. The portion sizes are pretty good, and the taste was a standard omelet. The speed at which the food comes out is also good.

Service here was nice. There was a loud customer seated at the bar area, and it was obvious that people were ticked off. They didn't do anything to change it, but I believe it was because the workers were too scared to confront him. Overall, good food and good atmosphere and definitely a restaurant worth going to if you stop through PHL.
I love good sushi, and I hate airport food. I stumbled across Sky while arriving early and having 2 hours to kill. Awesome staff at the bar, power to plug in, and some really good wines. I had a few of their special rolls and really enjoyed them. Was it pricey, YES! but was it good, YES! I am willing to pay for a nice spot that makes me feel like I am not in an airport. I
I'll be brief with my comments: a spicy tuna roll should not be sticky, chewy and/or orange.
I stop in here often on my way back to Boston at the Philly Airport. Nice wine but expensive, sushi is good for an airport. The space is the best part with a nice contemporary feel.
(3.75) ~ Good Overall Food & Service.  NOTE:  Located inTerminal C.

MY MENU:
** Coffee(Counter Coulture) =(4) very good
** Crispy Lobster Sushi Roll = (4) very good
* Water(tap) = (3.5) good
* Shrimp Dumplings = (3.5) good
A really solid place located in The C Terminal at The Philly Airport. A bit pricey, but what do you expect from a restaurant located at the airport...add to it Sushi and voila.

I sat at the bar with power sources all around.  Huge bonus with delayed flights that seem to be the norm in Philly.  The sushi looked great, but I passed this time in favor of the Seafood Raman Soup.  Not bad, but I wish it had a little more kick.  I didn't see any Rooster Sauce floating around, but my fault that I didn't ask.  

Great, quick service with a real nice selection of beers.  I will definitely return.
The things I liked:
-Prompt service (at first)
-Sushi was a good value, $14 for black dragon rolls filled with lots of fresh fish (but then again, I am from Denver, where seafood is often lacking).
-Cool atmosphere
-Close proximity to US Airways flights (C gates)
-Outlets all over the place to plug and my dying phone (& laptop to write this yelp review, ha!) 

Things I didn't like:
-Servers standing around complaining about "how slow it is" in ear distance of customers
-A well cocktail goes for $9, they pour decent but I felt guilty putting it on the company card so paid for it myself. Meh.
-Beers range from "$7.50-$11" and there are no prices listed on the drink menu
-Once the server drops your food or drink, they don't come back to see how it tastes/if you need anything else.
-They eye the receipt in front of you, making you feel pressured to not linger. 

I understand you are at the airport, where you get what you get, but it is so annoying when businesses think it is appropriate to obviously overcharge, earning themselves seemingly outlandish margins, when in reality, it just keeps people away, that's why servers complain of it being "slow" to the point where they make it evident in front of customers by showing a lack of enthusiasm and effort while communicating to one another about how they are disgruntled.
Totally decent for an airport restaurant. The sleek Asian decor caught my eye, but I didn't have time to sit so I ordered take-out--shrimp pad-thai. It was legitimately tasty, though a little on the salty side. The place is pricey, though, but it might be a good choice if you are really hurting for some decent-quality food. I've pretty much given up on in-flight meals and like being able to find decent food I can either eat during a layover or take on the plane with me.
If you're going to be stuck in Philly for weather delays this is the place to hang out. The staff is STELLAR!! Everyone here is amazing, friendly and you can tell they really enjoy their jobs. The food has been amazing. So good I forgot to get pics- oops! We had the Philly Cheesesteak Dumplings which were silly good and non-traditional Asian fare. Their spicy mayo is fire. We also shared the stir fried bok choy and chicken fried rice. Both very very good and totally shareable. I was still hungry (since we got delayed again and again) so I got the house salad which was also huge and delicious. Very impressive airport restaurant/bar.
For an airport bar and Asian bistro, (emphasis on airport) this place deserves 5 stars. It is nice, relaxing atmosphere, has fast service, and the food is tasty. The only downside is the price, but the seafood is fresh. My go-to for a glass of wine or mixed drink and sushi or noodles before a long flight.
So I found myself at phl again today and I decided to go here again. Like last time, the food was good, the drinks were good, but there was again a miscommunication about my order. I asked for an avocado roll with eel sauce and tempura flakes. I should have looked at the itemized receipt as soon as I got it because it listed a California roll with tempura flakes, no mention of eel sauce. The California is $4 more than the avocado. I got what was on the receipt so I wasn't charged more for less, and luckily I don't hate California rolls I just prefer avocado. So I didn't really feel the need to complain. But it just shows that even with a different kitchen and waitstaff it seems like they aren't great at getting you what you ordered which is odd. Service is still nice and the sushi tasted fresh and was well made.
This restaurant is located in the Philadelphia airport so it was a little overpriced. I had the sashimi salad which had 3 pieces of Sashimi over a bed of mixed greens, a few slices of cucumber and avocado. The meal left me feeling  hungry and wanting more. I wish there was more sashimi in the salad. Then it would have been more satisfying. My friend got the crunch roll which looked delicious. The only problem was the pieces fell apart as she picked them up. Apparently it was not tightly rolled but the flavor was there. 

I love sushi but I won't be ordering food from this particular restaurant again.
Ramen here is surprisingly good for the airport. To start, my coworker and I ordered a kettle of green tea which was loose green tea leaves. Then I ordered the ramen and she ordered the pad thai. 

The food came quickly after we ordered. My ramen was hot and big portioned. I tend to judge ramen on the noodles, broth, egg and then the meat. The noodles were nicely cooked and just the right amount to fill me. The broth was a bit on the saltier side but still was pretty good. The egg was perfect...and I was happy to have a whole egg split on half. It meant that I got to enjoy twice the deliciousness. The pork was tender and there were quite a few pieces of it. 

I ended the meal with the Fountain of Youth, made with Tito's Handmade Vodka, St Germain Elderflower Liqueur, mint, fresh lime juice and prosecco. The drink was extremely refreshing. 

The service was excellent. We sat at the bar which has outlets to charge electronic items while you eat. The place is clean and spacious. Overall, I'd come back again if ever in the Philadelphia Airport!
Not gluten friendly. At all. Not even a little bit. But what redeems this place to me is that the waitress/bartender knew this and told me that I shouldn't eat there. Kudos for educating employees about food allergies.

This is, I think, the only full restaurant in this terminal at PHL. Shame they can't accommodate more patrons' dietary restrictions.

I only had a couple of drinks here (because there's absolutely nothing I could eat.) Vodka soda with a lime. They were pretty good. The bartender was pretty attentive while I was drinking even though the bar was packed. When I (or any of the other 5 people around me) wanted their bill it was hard to get their attention. Sucks for the one or two people who heard "final call" announcements for their flights. I might've ditched on a bill if that was me.

OHMYGOSH HOW COULD I FORGET? This place has USB & Outlets at every spot at the bar. Drinks and charge my phone? Yes please!
I have had the sushi here, and other items, many times and I had always beleived the Sky Asian Bistro to be overpriced and mediocre at best. However, tonight pushed me over the edge and I will not eat here again.

I have come to expect the overpricing of mediocre food when I am traveling, but completely inflated pricing for terrible food is unacceptable anywhere. I paid $22 for miso soup, lettuce wraps and a vegetarian roll. The soup had a few onions in it and one piece of seaweed ($6). The roll wasn't rolled tightly and came apart with every bite, and true to the above review, the menu description did not amount to what was actually in the roll. What was that fried brown thing anyway? Was that some kind of sad Tamago? ($5.50). I shudder at the thought of the Lettuce Wraps ($9) - tofu and vegetables is what the menu said. Instead, I got slop with shadows of snowpeas and limp broccoli hidden under a babycorn or two. All swimming, I'm sorry, drowning in sauce. I thought of fresh chunky veggies and strips of tofu when I read the menu, not a pool of garlic sauce and soggy fun noodles. 

I've never been compelled to write such a review, but alas money thrown away and a sore tummy from the bites I did manage to swallow have stirred me in such a way....never again. Au Bon Pain is right down the way.
PROS:  Only sushi at Philly International Airport.

CONS:  Overpriced everything- sushi and drinks.  Rude waitresses who act like their too busy but make sure they flirt with successful businessmen.  Obvious golddigging whores if you ask me.  The only time in my life I gave a $1.00 tip for any service over $5.00.  My last bill was $28.00 and it will surely be my last time here.
Don't believe the other negative reviews below. This place is actually pretty decent. The service was solid and helpful, the sushi was above average, the noodle bowls/fried rice/Pad Thai were all solid. The fourth star is given BECAUSE it's in an airport (anywhere else it would being 3*).
You have a problem with your staff at the Terminal C restaurant location. 

I can't eat meat so I ordered the Shrimp Pad Thai. Though the menu made no mention of onions I specifically asked for "no onion, shallots, chives, etc." as I am allergic. "Of course" was the happy response. The cashier placed my freshly cooked order into a plastic bag, tied a knot and sent me on my way. 

I decided to take a peak while boarding and even stole a few bites when I realized there were large chunks of onions throughout the dish! Since I had just paid $17+ for a dinner I couldn't eat I decided to jump off line and make things right. The cashier was nice enough but passed me off to the cook who criticized me for choosing the meal saying the "menu says onions."  First of all, it doesn't. Second, it wouldn't matter if it did, I asked for no onions and the cook shouldn't be arguing with the customer so bluntly, or at all if I was the manager. 

The cook dumped my new meal into a bag, tied a knot and sent me packing again. As my plane was boarding I rushed on with my meal and sat at my seat to eat. Failed again. This new meal was chicken, not shrimp and it had none of the peanuts, cilantro or lime I got the first time. I also wasn't given a fork. 

To review, despite my best efforts I paid $17+ for one dinner that conflicted with my allergies and had to take medicine to counteract its affects. Then it was swapped out for something I didn't order and could not eat. If I wasn't on a plane I would have returned the second dinner and asked for my money back. I can't describe how frustrating it was to fly 3 hours with this under my skin. 

I'm disgusted at the lack of attention, disrespect from the cook and the exorbitant cost I forked over to basically miss a meal and go without food until my plane landed around 10:45pm.
Place sucks! $9 for a half of a wrap. I had a spicy one and it so ungodly spicy I couldn't eat it. Then I called their corporate and they never got back to me. Don't wast your money here!
Good selection. Friendly staff, although we did have to ask several times for drinks, wasabi & status on food. I won't ding them because I suspect the waitress was new. 

Soft shell crab app was fantastic, I fought my table mates for the last few pieces. Oyster apps were interesting as was the crawfish bowl - note, the crawfish bowl took 30+ minutes to arrive, it's prepared warm and pulled from the shell. Tower roll was my favorite, clean full of flavor & fresh.
I don't think I've ever written a review and complained about prices. But $9 for a little dish of edamame and $16-23 for a 7.5 oz pour of a bottle of wine that you can buy retail for $10-15 is pretty ridiculous. The sushi was way stingy on fish, and my coworker's lobster roll had tempura batter with no lobster in several pieces. 

You're going to drop at least $30 to eat here, so instead walk back up to the marketplace area and get real seafood at Legal or some cheap shrimp at Chickie & Pete's. I hate overpaying for a mediocre product.
Prices are pretty steep. For these prices you expect better quality. Watch your step on the adult beverages. $18 per glass of wine. 

Service slow and inattentive.
For airport food, 5 stars! The service was great, power plugs along the bottom of the booths, food is above average for airport restaurant (I even had the sushi!), and it is full service sit down. Nice decor and trip house music plays to drown out the busy terminal C walkway! Nice change from food court or half self service places.
I must say I was quite surprised at the quality of sushi at this airport restaurant.  My Husband and I stopped here over an international layover to have dinner.  We had a sushi roll that was artfully presented and of pretty good quality. I read horror stories about this place through other Yelpers but I think this place has been renovated and with new management.
We breezed thru security and had almost two hours to blow on Christmas Eve...and so sat at Sky Asian Bistro for a good long time.  

Four stars on the drinks, they were delicious....but minus one because of airport pricing...but hey!  Every airport is pricey.

We avoided the sushi, even though it LOOKED good, and opted for the Spicy Ramen Noodle Soup and the Chicken Pad Thai.  They were both very tasty, I took my leftovers on the plane and ate them the next day for a snack.  It wasn't the best Pad Thai I've ever had, but it sure wasn't the worst!

Our waitress was very friendly and very attentive, so we were also pleased with that.  The decor was nice for an airport bar, comfy barstools with backs, placemats at each setting, and menus out and ready to order from, which was nice.
Sky Asian Bistro is a decent option in Terminal C of the Philadelphia Airport. You can expect excellent service and a nice ambiance, but pricey dishes that aren't super authentic.
I ordered two of their hot appetizers - Miso Eggplant and Sichuan Fries. I was most excited for the eggplant but unfortunately they ran out of it, so I got the Wok Fried Green Beans instead.
The green beans had a nice texture but the sauce was pretty salty. The fries came out hot and crispy, but I don't know what was supposed to be Sichuan about them. The pepper aioli was great though!
I travel a lot and spend a lot of time in airports. This is by far one of my favorite stops. Granted the place is a bit pricey, but not out of line for an airport.

The staff is friendly and attentive, it has a nice decor, plenty of outlets for the traveling person and the food is good.

I usually get the vegetable fried rice, which is enough for 4 people, and the tuna tartar which has always been great. The tea is very nice, but you need to let it sit a bit. Cost for one is usually about $35 and that is with a beer, again not bad.

They are fast and sometimes feel like they are rushing you, but thats actually a benefit in an airport; most people who stop here are on a tight timeline.
A decent enough place to stop and get some chow while waiting to change planes. The foods were more than serviceable (although not particularly memorable - there was some sushi and a salad, as best I can recall, and maybe a really really good cocktail) and the service friendly. And the space is well kept. You could do much worse.
I sat here watching one of their sushi chefs lovingly and carefully prepare avocado for the day's rolls.

It was unbelievable. The care and precision that he put into the cut, the wrapping, the layout.

He wasn't going fast, at all, he was being slow and precise. He was a young man, who seemed to genuinely care about the experience people would have with his food in a few hours when lunch came.

It seems silly but I respect the hell out of anyone who takes their day's most mundane tasks and still execute them with skill and care. He's done this a thousand times probably, yet still makes sure it's perfect each time.

BUT!!! That's a meaningless review. How is the food??

It's good. I like it. Always a solid flavor (I've eaten here a few times), and the dishes are filling.

For "airport food" it's the best in Terminal C.

Good beers too.
Awful place! I ordered a wonton noodle bowl for $16. It was the oddest waste of money ever. Imagine a very large bowl filled about 1/4 full. There's Ramen, one shrimp, a few leaves of spinach, and some overcooked and tasteless pork-stuffed won tons. The entire thing was a tasteless mess. Thinking about stopping here? Keep walking. Fast!
I usually get chicken fried rice to go when I pass through Philly. Today I had time to sit and dine. Tried the sushi and pad Thai. Sushi was fantastic! Fresh and flavorful, with lots of fish and no excess amounts of rice. The pad Thai was good, but more sweet than spicy. I probably wouldn't get that again. Love the food here, but it is pricey.
I can't speak for the sushi because I only ordered the ramen and some mint tea but I can tell you that the ramen was pretty good and not a bad price for airport food. They offer a pork ramen and a spicy seafood ramen but they were able to accommodate my request for a spicy pork ramen - I'm so glad I asked. I love spicy ramen but wasn't feeling the seafood. My only complaint was they put a hard boiled egg in the ramen instead of a poached egg and I definitely missing the running yolk but again... as far as airport good goes - I really can't complain too much! Not a bad way to spend part of my three hour layover in Philly.
Bleh.  It's okay to stop in here for a drink if you like, but not the food. You'd be better off breezing by one of the fast food joints in the airport.  The spring rolls tasted like they were pulled from your grocer's freezer and zapped in the microwave, and the pad thai just wasn't...pad thai.  Yeah, yeah, I'm used to authentic pad thai and this IS an airport...but...sigh. 

OK bar, close to some C gates, and several TVs... 

The waitresses were nicer to men or anyone who looked like they may have money.
Honestly, I went in with low expectations because it's Asian food, in an airport. This was one of the only options during this pandemic and it had a very long line down the terminal. There were two guys working and they were doing a great job at preparing the food and keeping the line moving.

I ordered the Chicken Pad Thai and brought it to my gate. The portion was pretty big but the pricing was obviously higher considering we were in an airport. The dish definitely had a spicy kick to it, but I enjoyed it.

I do wish they kept their drinks colder as my bottled Sprite wasn't very cold. As everyone mentioned, the pricing was a tad laughable. I believe mine was $22 for a Pad Thai and Sprite.

Overall, not bad for an airport terminal but don't expect something special.
I love this place, for airport sushi and a nice ambience to escape the normal airport feel.  It was my first visit, but I will be back in my next trip through the Philly Airport.  Understand, for an airport, the sushi is solid.  Please note, its an airport, so the prices are high!  

I had a sushi roll and some pieces of nigiri sushi, which included yellowtail, tuna, white tuna and scallop.  The quality was pretty good, everything was fresh.  

I might try the ramen next time, as that looked solid as well.  Safe travels!
This place aint cheap, but the rolls are spectacular! It is definitely my favorite place to eat in PHL. My favorites are the smoked eel and tuna rolls, and they also have some pretty good ramen! 

BOTTOM LINE: Delicious sushi option in the Philly airport.
Way too overpriced for the quality of food you get. Don't get the salmon benedict. There's a to go area but no one was there to take our order so we had to go to the fine in area to get someone's attention. Okay service, poor tasting food
I'm going to give Sky Asian Bistro four stars on a sliding scale.  I travel a lot, and this is probably the best or second best airport food I've ever had.  Fish is fresh, rice is good, they'll make rolls and sushi fresh for you, and people seem like they're having a good time here.  There's a fun cocktail list and surprisingly fresh salads (no wilted lettuce, etc.).

I'm not sure why people ding this restaurant a star or two.  I recommend it for casual, non-traditional sushi.
My palate has tried many gyoza dumplings but Sky Asian's fried pork potstickers are the BEST. These dumplings are homemade and filled with ground pork, watercress, ginger and other mouthwatering ingredients. 

All of my senses were delighted by these delicious dumplings. Sky Asian is located in Terminal F at Philidelphia airport.
At Philly airport yet again, this time I'm not attempting a disappointing cheesesteak. The spicy chicken fried rice Togo was a healthy portion with plenty of protein. The taste is like a 6 out of 10 but all in all a good choice.
