Cheap food, good food, authentic food, what more can you ask for? This is a real gem in the city. Calling this place hidden would be an understatement since there is no signs or directions to get here. You would have to walk in this very random plaza to find it.

The layout was very cool, there's a screen window that makes you feel like you're in a cafeteria somewhere in Asia. The food was cheap and delicious. I recommend getting their item number N-1, which was their combination noodles (mie komplit). This bowl of noodles consisted of eggs, pork, chicken, meatballs and wonton and a side of soup for $7! You can't lose.

Their beef rendang and chicken sate is a bit subpar when compared to places like Hardena's. At sky cafe however, they have a secret weapon that beats any other Indonesian places I've been to; their fish of the day. They usually have pompano or string ray and they can either be fried or grilled. I've never tried their fried fish but their grilled pompano was out of this world! I dare put this grilled fish against any five star restaurants in the city. Some other items you should get are their fried chicken leg and their dessert drinks. 

This place have the perfect trifecta: good food, cheap prices and great service. Good news is they are taking credit cards now so make sure you stop by every time you're around!
To have the owner personally come to your table and explain how a dish was made just made the whole experience.  

I come to this plaza every week and I have never stepped foot in here. Glad I came here over the weekend because the food is amazing. This was my first time experiencing  Indonesian food and it's definitely not going to be my last. I can already tell I'll be coming here often because they serve great food for a great price. 

I don't remember the name of the dish I got but she owner explained to me that they marinate the chicken thigh overnight so it was super flavorful. I like how they included a side dish of chili for me so I can adjust the spice to my liking. I also tried this green jelly sugar cane drink, which was very refreshing. 

It can get packed during the weekends but it's worth the wait!
Awesome Indonesian food located in a mini Vietnamese square.
My Indonesian husband and in-laws attest the food to be authentic. They always leave with take out orders so they can savor the goodness later in the week. It's always the highlight of any trip to Philadelphia. 
The best thing about this restaurant is the spice level. Man oh man, the spice level here is amazing. None of that babied down BS. Their sambal is legit HOT. 

Recs: 
(+++) Soto Betawi: beef, beef tripe, potato and tomato cooked in coconut broth. Tastes similar to laksa. Comes with a plate of rice and a small side of pickles and hot peppers. This is my favorite dish as I am a soupy kind of gal. 

(+++) Original nasi padang. This is the quintessential Indo dish known all around. Comes with  curry chicken, beef rendang, potato patties, spicy shrimp, curry collard green, and green chili. This is the optimal entree if you want to try a little bit of everything.  

(+++) Nasi Pecel Lele: fried cat fish with sides of fried tofu, fried tempeh, anchovy, and sambal. Comes with rice. Ideal for fish lovers. The catfish is decently sized. Easily shareable between 2 people.

Reasonably priced, homey, authentic food experience!
Came for lunch after two gentlemen I met in Greece recommended the place. The ambiance was quaint and quiet. The food was good and served hot and fresh. The atmosphere seemed very casual and laid back. I enjoyed the scenery and laid back environment. I tried fried rice. The fried rice was hot and succulent. The fried rice was served with a fried egg on top of it. While I thought that was different, I realized that was quintessential to Indonesian food. In addition to that I also tried the spring rolls. The rolls were crisp, flavorful and robust with flavor! I wanted to try the dumplings but was too full from the other food.
First time trying Indonesian food, I am so amazed with everything we tried! The outside of the restaurant doesn't stand out but the interior is nice and clean. I felt very comfortable dining in with nice AC in this hot summer heat. 

The staff recommended Pempek as the appetizer. It's fried fish cake stuffed with egg yolk in the middle server with Kecap (sweet Indonesian soy sauce). The sauce is soo unique and delicious. I have to warn you it is a bit spicy but not overbearing. 

We got R16 Nasi Campur Medan and R26 BBQ Beef Ribs. Both dishes were heavenly! I'm from Texas but the BBQ ribs from here is the BEST ribs I've had! The beef is so tender it just falls right off the bone... and the seasoning is 10/10. And it's $11 and come with soup! The dipping sauce was too spicy for us. The R16 crispy pork belly & bbq pork (reminds me of char siu meat) is also really good and none of the items on there were too spicy. We were blown away by how tasty everything was.

There are still many dishes I want to come back and try. Definitely come try this place out - if you're intimidated by not being familiar with Indonesian food (like I was), their menu has a lot of pictures for reference.
I came here with a friend yesterday. I got the Mie Komplit and we shared a Lamb Sate. Both dishes were good, and I was especially impressed with the noodle dish. It was savory but clean, balanced between the meat and the vegetables. The soup came on the side and although I enjoyed it separately, my friend poured the soup into the noodle dish and enjoyed her meal that way. 

I would definitely come back and bring friends because this has been one of the best Indonesian restaurants that I've been to.
I love sky cafe. The food there was superb and the taste was exactly what I was expecting. My friend and I shared Nasi Padang and both of us really enjoyed the meal. The price is reasonable, the stuff is friendly, and it is located near big asian supermarket so that you can shop a bit after you eat there. I will have to go there again to try their noodle dishes.
Favorite Indonesian Restaurant in the area. Prices are not bad, $ 8-13 range for most dishes. Where do I begin? I've tried most fo the menu. Beef Iga, Mie Complit, Nasi Padang, and Nasi Campur Medan are my favorites. For apps I would go with the chicken or pork Satay. The food comes out relatively fast and service is mostly friendly.

Only thing I don't like is they have 4% credit fee now so bring cash if you want to avoid this extra expense.

The parking lot is very small for the amount of restaurants & stores, so be ready to street park it.
One of my favorite restaurants in Philly - I'd always heard of this place but never had the chance to try it until yesterday. $8 sure packed a punch of flavor - I ordered the Nasi Lemak Beef Rendang and it was delicious. Fall apart beef, sweet pickled vegetables and fried onion to complement the coconut rice, sambal on a fried hard-boiled egg. I don't normally enjoy beef or hard-boiled eggs, but Sky Cafe takes their food to another level and I will be back to try everything else on the menu!
I really wish I can give a 10 star review for this new location of Sky Cafe! I used to patronized the old Ritner location and gave it a 5-star. I had few pet peeves about the Ritner location such as not much seating space, hard to find parking, and closed too early on Saturday night (8pm). All of those pet peeves are history with this new location since it's slightly bigger/more seats, located on a strip mall so parking is no biggie, and it was still busy serving & lining up people on the waitlist by the time we left around 8pm on a Saturday night. 

I dare you the nasi uduk is still the best and most fulfilling $5 meal you can ever find in the entire United States. Mi komplit is definitely a must try! It reminds me of the Medan-style bakmi back home. And even though it's not on the menu, their grilled fish is awesome as well and definitely worth-asking!

Cash only still.
I love sky cafe. I recently moved to SF but I used to go to Sky cafe EVERY weekend. 
I would recommend their $15 meal. It has a "tapas" style sampler for their beef rendang, fried chicken, fried potatoes and Sambal prawns 
Their kueh lapis is perfect too. 
My friends from Indonesia has authenticated this place. It's a hidden gem!!
This place is pretty spectacular. In fact, as I'm writing this review, I'm already planning my next visit. Sky Cafe is an unassuming, hole-in-the-wall joint located in the Vietnamese strip mall on 11th and Washington. I've been to the grocery store that's located LITERALLY right next door dozens of time and never noticed this place. Walking by, you might think that it's closed, but don't be fooled by the shut window blinds and lack of lit signage....Sky Cafe is most likely open and will most definitely serve deliciousness.

And this brings me to the food. First order was the mie belacan, which was seafood egg noodle with spicy shrimp paste. The waiter warned that it might be pungent. But au contraire, I could have taken more pungency! That said, the dish was spicy, fresh,  and had amazingly rich umami and "breath of the wok" flavors. Nasi ikan balado came next, which was a spicy fried fish rice platter. The steamed rice and gently fried fish fillet topped with a spicy tomato sauce was also accompanied by a light vegetable curry (mostly with squash and okra), fried egg, shrimp cracker, and sliced cucumbers. To an Indonesian-cuisine-first-timer, this might seem like an odd assortment of items. But trust me, it works and is delicious!

Food aside, the wait staff was friendly, and the prices can't be beat. Most dishes are under $8. I can't wait to go back!
Having spent nearly 4 months backpacking my way through Medan, Bukit Lawang, Banda Aceh, Pulau Weh, Padang, Danau Toba, Pulau Bintan, Jarkata, Bromo, Yogyakarta, Surabaya, and then to Bali, I've eaten plenty of Mie and Nasi Goreng to know how good they should be. Sky Cafe serves pork dishes which, according to my memories, were not common in most parts of the country.

The location is a bit hard to find since it's hidden inside a strip mall. The price is relatively low for what you get. Their pork satay (Not exactly the same as the Thai Satay) is one of the best satay I've had. Their Fried rice and Fried noodle were even better than what I had while I was travelling there. 

The Medan rice plate is amazing. It comes with 5 little items on the plate which is kind of how they serve food in Medan. You sit at the table, they bring out 10-15 little plates, you pick what you want and pay for the plate you eat...with your hand (Yes I asked for a set of utensils)

The noodle soup, while similar to most yellow egg noodle soup made by Chinese people throughout Southeast Asia, is very tasty and packed with goodies.

I'd give this place 10 stars if I could. Love it!
The Sky Cafe is a hidden gem in a strip mall.  It is a small restaurant, so it can get busy really quick. I saw a lot of people come in, but there weren't enough tables, so they had to wait.  Everyone that worked her was so friendly and helpful with the menu.  I ordered the R24: Soto Betawi-Rice Soup.  It is coconut milk with beef, potatoes and tomatoes that comes with rice and spices on the side, so you can adjust to your spice level.  I added it a lot and while there was still some spice left over, I thought it was the perfect level of spice for me.  
The meal was really inexpensive and most of the meals are under $10.  Also, it is BYOB, which is a huge plus.
This is my first experience with Indonesian food, but it surely won't be my last! Man, Sky Cafe serves such delicious food for really reasonable prices. I'm truly wowed at the quality of my experience here. Here are some of things I ordered:

Gado Gado: a delicious and warm peanut dressing salad filled with egg, tofu, tempeh, and shrimp chips. It's a honestly a MUST

Mie Komplit: a homey and chicken-y noodle soup that had so many goodies in it! The true star were the noodles though. So springy and yummy! 

Nasi Bungkus: wrapped in a banana leaf, this dish had so many goodies (potato, beef rendang, jackfruit, collard greens, and egg). What stunned me the most was the jackfruit which was so tender and sort of has the texture of pork. WOW.

Es Teler: a sweet ice dessert with a variety of fruits and avocado (which weirdly worked with the dessert). I was surprised at how addicting this was.

Overall, this was some great food! Every dish had a complex mix of different ingredients so I never got bored. And guess what, I paid only $40 (including tax and tip) for ALL this food. I will FOR SURE be back for more!
Part of me doesn't want to share this gem and write this review because I want there to be a seat available every time I go... but it's also so good I can't not share this gem with the world. 

Absolutely DELICIOUS, best meal and new restaurant discovery I've had in ages. Sky Cafe has been on my bookmarks for years, and I was actually truly offended at myself that I hadn't brought myself here sooner halfway through my meal. The menu is great for flexitarians (ie those that don't eat red meat but are flexi with poultry and seafood). 

The menu is well organized, and has photos in the back of the menu as well if you have a hard time picturing a dish from the description alone. I had such a hard time deciding what to get because everything sounds so delicious!

I ordered the R17. Nasi Campur Ayam Goreng
White rice w/ veggie curry, fried chicken, sambal goreng, spicy egg, cracker. For $8.5 that's got to be one of the the most delicious, wholesome meals I've had in a long time. the fried chicken was one of the best I've ever had. The skin was so crispy, well seasoned, and how did they get the chicken so darn juicy inside, literally juices all over as you bite into it. The small curry side was also so flavorful. My friend got the chicken and pork satay as well as the fried tempeh with rice, and that satay sauce was no joke - so delicious! We've been talking about this place nonstop ever since - and I'm doing a huge take out order with friends on Thursday... I shall update! What are you waiting for, go go go! Also our server was very friendly :) They also make homemade egg noodles, definitely eyeing that to eat in person next time!
Came here on a visit from DC, and I can tell you, this place rocks. Yes, I'm Indonesian. Yes, I've been craving for authentic Indonesian food for years. And yes, this place delivered at an affordable price!

We ordered the batagor ($7), a mix of fried fish cake, tofu, egg, placed on top of steamed greens like lettuce and bean sprouts, topped with peanut sauce and sweet soy sauce. Sky Cafe serves their version in a taco bowl, and I can tell you... It's great. Batagor has been my number one childhood snack from the street vendors. And after that first bite, it's walking down memory lane!

To finish things off, we shared the Padang rice platter ($15). Traditionally, Padang cuisine is served tapas/banchan style, where you have each parts of your dish served separately. Their version here is just like that, but instead of a family portion, it's a portion for one (though it was enough for both of us). Tender fried chicken, spicy kale curry, spicy shrimp in sambal, a spicy green sambal, perkedel potato patty, and my favorite... Beef rendang.

The rest of the menu looks just as exciting and I wish we had enough stomach space to pretty much explore the rest of the menu. Maybe next time!

Found out that this is not the first location to Sky Cafe, as they have another location in Queens, NY (good to know). For this particular location, it is located INSIDE the shopping mall. So don't be confused when you can't see it from the outside. Also, it's CASH ONLY. So be prepared!
Delicious. Almost anything on the menu looks amazing, with heavy sauces, noodles, seafood, beef, chicken bringing it all together. The appetizers were crunchy and tasted light, while the main dishes came out with dipping sauces and seasonings to flavor to your tastes. My main favorite was the beef Rendang and the shrimp, but you're able to mix and match all of these and try combos of all the best stuff! We only waited for 15 minutes for a table on a busy Saturday, as they are pros at keeping all the tables moving and clean. There's a grocery store nearby to waste some time if you're waiting, but otherwise, this place is worth every minute!
This place was a nice find. The restaurant is hidden inside another shop but don't be fooled because it was packed. The service and food was quick so go hungry. The food was close to the food I had in Bali. I wished That I had tell them not to give me too much sauce as it was a bit salty for my taste buds. However the flavor is true to what you would expect. The chicken sauté was tender. The noodles were soft and chewy. The chicken was fried till light and crispy. This place is quick, affordable and most importantly has parking! I will be looking forward to going back
If you're looking for an authentic, delicious, flavorfull Indonesian food, this IS the place! Everything is original and tasty! Service is always great, owner and staff are super friendly and attentive. Most of the food are priced below $9, and generous portion. I think they are most known for their homamade noodle. Mu favorite is Mie Komplit (Complete Noodle). It has browned egg, minced bbq pork, veggies and comes with a soup with fish ball and beef ball.  I tried most of them on the menu and they never dissapoint!

And now they have better location with plenty parking space! Let's go!!!!
They take credit card and have outdoor seating. Great spot, most items are $8-$9. Mie Komplit is bangin'. Also, all of their juices are fresh and taste delicious. Huge fan and will be back.
Came by on a Sunday morning.  This place is hidden away within the shopping mall between Pho 75 and the Supermarket.  

The satay is delicious.  The chicken was so tender and the sauce was great.  Has a bit of crunch with fried onions.  This was one of the best that I've had.

I ordered the mie goreng for my main entree.  It's pretty affordable at 7-8 bucks a meal.  The noodles were tasty - comes with shrimp, fish balls, sausage,  veggies and peanuts.  I wished it was a bit more flavorful.  

Overall, great spot and would come back and try some more authentic Indonesian food.
We came with a big group of 11, and was able to get seated within 15 minutes. I'm indonesian so i know authenticity of flavors and this is somewhat close to home. The ayam bakar (grilled chicken thigh) was good... Except i dont usually get a sauce over the grilled chicken. None the less, it was good. The batagor appetizer was good, fishcakes were nice and chewy. To top it all off, we ordered Es teler, their dessert drink .. It was tasty. Not too sweet, and served in a cute cup. Overall, prices were very cheap too.
I didnt really like the sate padang (beef tongue shishkabobs). The meat wasnt so tender but i know thats not the easiest thing to cook.
While I usually come to this strip mall on Washington Ave to eat at Pho 75, I've also discovered that this small, largely unbeknownst Indonesian restaurant tucked away inside the shopping center has some of the best cheap eats in the city. 

You have to walk inside the mall to find this very unassuming restaurant. The actual interior is cozy and well decorated with what has to be Indonesian art and trinkets. They can probably seat 30 people at any one time. We came here at 7 on a Saturday night to a full house, but tables got turned around quickly so we only waited 5 minutes before sitting down to eat.  The servers are very welcoming and are willing to explain anything on the menu if you're unfamiliar with this sort of cuisine.

The food here is absolutely delicious. I think Hardena still has the most authentic Indonesian food in Philly but Sky Cafe has made this cuisine more approachable for first timers. They have a variety of starters but we decided to get the batagor. It featured hard boiled eggs, fried tofu squares and fried fish cakes, swimming in a delicious pool of peanut sauce. The sauce is a little more ginger-y than other places but just as good. My favorite dish here is the N1 noodle soup with roast pork, chicken and wontons. The noodles come covered in sauce and toppings, with a bowl of chicken(?) stock and meat/fishballs on the side. The sauce covering the noodles is the star of the show: before you pour the soup into your bowl, try the noodles by themselves. I couldn't really notice the chicken as much as the roast pork but I didn't mind one bit. Without a doubt, that bowl of noodles is one of the best in town. We also ordered the spicy chicken rice platter. We received a large fried chicken thigh covered in green chili sambal, rice, spicy eggs, coconut curry soup and shrimp chips. The fried chicken was super crisp and juicy. The sambal definitely gives it a nice kick.

Our meal had us stuffed by the end. I don't have a single negative thing to say about our experience here. The prices here cannot be best for the quality of the food you're getting: our whole meal for two was probably around $26-27 after tax and tip. Definitely come find this hole in the wall next time you're in South Philly for a phenomenal meal.
I've ordered 4 foods, 2 in dining and 2 take out. I feel that it's better to eat dine in as the food seem to be better and portion is more. Out of the 4 options, I highly recommend the iga bakar or grilled beef ribs. It's tender and nicely charred, portion is good and comes with a side of oxtail soup. The mie komplit is good and one of the customers favs but not comparable to iga bakar.

I had Nasi ayam sambal hijau to go but unfortunately, the sambal was not enough for me. Probably would be more if I dine in. Nasi bungkus was not bad.

All in all, good positive experience and I would come back especially for the beef ribs.
tl;dr tucked away in a Washington strip mall, this unpretentious Indonesian spot serves inexpensive, good-not-great Sumatran fare

A beloved Indonesian restaurant in South Philly's Little Saigon neighborhood, Sky Cafe is nestled into the Wing Phat Plaza alongside Pho 75 and Hung Vuong Supermarket. As you enter the L-shaped space, wooden tables flank both sides, all the way to the takeout counter in the back. Faux brick and a sparse assortment of knickknacks deck the pumpkin-colored walls, while EDM and loud chatter fill the room.

My partner and I stopped by for early dinner this past weekend. About half the tables were occupied when we arrived, and we were seated immediately without any reservation; however, the restaurant was buzzing by the time we wrapped up.

We opted for the Pork Satay (S2) and the Nasi Padang combination platter (R22), which were prepared promptly. The satay was flavorfully charred at risk of being slightly overdone, but the meat itself was on the fatty side. The skewers sported a generous coating of thick peanut sauce, which maintained a nice balance of richness and sweetness. The Nasi Padang included a mound of rice and individual porcelain bowls of curried chicken, beef rendang, crispy potato patties, sambal shrimp, and curried collard greens. Most of these dishes left a cozy level of spice lingering on your tongue. The juicy braised chicken was our favorite, honing an exciting array of traditional spices. Further, the homemade green chili hot sauce had a surprising depth of flavor, and the anchovy component was rich but not overwhelmingly fishy. Other dishes ranged from standard to forgettable. For example, the shrimp was mediocre at best, cold in temperature by the time we got to it, and overpowered by the one-dimensional curry paste.

Dinner ended up running about $40 (after tax and tip) and left us mildly-to-moderately full. Service was friendly when present, but consistently inattentive. Throughout the night, I ended up reminding our waiter for everything from water refills to napkins to the check at the end. While Sky Cafe is a popular spot, I certainly was not blown away. It might be a regular option for someone already in the neighborhood, but it isn't worth a hike otherwise.
@Nommingnomad Approved!

I was in the mood for some flavorful Indonesian food and I had been wanting to try Sky Café for a while now so I stopped in for an early dinner at around 6:00pm. I was seated within a couple of minutes and handed an elaborate menu. I knew that I wanted the Gado Gado salad even before looking at the menu. 

So, I placed my order and continued to watch the episode of Kitchen Nightmares that was playing on the screen. I found it pretty amusing that they chose that show to play at a restaurant. 

The food came out pretty fast and the gado-gado was drenched in peanut sauce and I loved it. The flavors all worked well together with the fried tempeh and tofu and lettuce with the eggs and the crispies. I polished off my plate and got ready to pay but found out that they have a $15 minimum for credit cards. So, heads up to anyone going there for a light meal, bring cash. They do have an ATM inside. 

All in all, I liked the food and the service was fine. I'd definitely go back to try more of their numerous options.
This place should be the pedestal that other hole in the wall restaurants look to. It is hidden inside a shopping center so might be a little hard to find. Once we tasted the food, we knew the reviews were no joke. It's as good as everyone claimed it to be. We ordered the Mie Komplit and the beef rendang. Both were extremely tasty, homey, and cheap. I loved that the soup came on the side and you can have it separately or put some in your noodle dish if you choose. Definitely give this place a try next time you're in the neighborhood.
If you like fried fish, this is the place. I've been going here weekly for the past couple months. They have the best fried cat fish rice platter! The bone-in fish is fried super crispy and is well seasoned. You can even eat the bones on the fin end because it's fried up nicely. It comes with coconut or plain rice which is an easy choice for the coconut, a little sweet anchovy crispy snack mix, fried tofu, fried tempe, and sambal. I find the portion size perfect to be full and satisfied, but not full overly stuffed. I've also tried the spicy fish. While I don't enjoy it as much as the catfish (spicy fish isn't fried and is boneless), it's a great combo. You get fish with flavor and heat with a small veggie curry and some nice crispy chips. 

One thing that sets Sky Cafe apart from their competitors is that the rice set meals all include variety no matter what main dish you choose. It's a well-balanced meal whether you are getting dishes and sharing or eating your own entree alone. I feel like at most other Indonesian places in Philly, I have to order and share with multiple people to get the variety I crave. 

While I don't enjoy the soups as much as the rice combos, their curry noodle soup is pretty amazing as well. It's got nice depth to the broth and tastes similar to Kao Soi. The noodles have great texture and are perfectly cooked. I have also tried the chicken noodle soup and seafood soup with chicken broth. While the noodles have great texture, I'm not a big fan of their chicken broth. It is salty and not very rich. The chicken also is dark meat which isn't my personal preference.

Service is always prompt and friendly even when they are packed full. Parking is available for the plaza. However, it is tough during weekends and peak dinner hours. Just keep in mind that if driving, you may have to parallel park a few blocks down and walk. It's totally worth it though!
Been here three times so far, and have yet to order anything I didn't like. So far I've had the beef rendang with curry, fried chicken with coconut rice, and roasted pork noodles. I would go as far to say that this is one of my top 3 favorite Asian restaurants in philly for overall value. Goal for this year is to try every single dish at least once. 

Also just wanted to note that the owner and all staff are extremely nice.
As youngsters these days say it, this place is so bomb.  It's a relatively small, nondescript restaurant tucked away in a busy shopping plaza but your taste buds will thank you for making the trip here.  I've never had Indonesian food prior to this but wanted to experiment it.

As mentioned, the restaurant is a bit small and modest but the staff hustle and seat you quickly.  I picked the R22 Nasi Padang at random because I liked its picture on the menu and found that we didn't go wrong there. R22 resembled a sampler with small plates consisting of curry chicken, Beef bendang, Potato patties, spicy shrimp, Curry collard green, green chili.  All these dishes cost only $16 total and were filling enough for both my boyfriend and me.  The dishes are flavorful but there is a little bit of heat and a kick to it.  Even I, who am usually fainthearted when it comes to heat and spices, enjoyed it.  The coconut juice tasted so refreshing and had chunks of coconut at the bottom.  

The staff seem to work hard and quickly.  There's a young guy maybe in his 20s here that we've now seen all 3 times we've been here who works like there's no tomorrow.  He's tirelessly bringing out water in the same stroke that he's getting your order or bringing you the extra side of rice you requested.  

We've now come here 3 times now, and I'm sure a fourth visit will be in the works in the future.  I love how there's a parking lot here (however crowded and crazy it may be).  Do note that they close somewhat early on Fridays (8 PM or something!).  Thankfully, if you're already in the restaurant like we were, they come around and take final orders, cautioning you gently that their kitchen is going to close soon afterwards.  They're also closed on Thursday, something else we found out when venturing here hopefully.  Whatever the case, we'll be back for more.
Sky cafe was packed Saturday night when we arrived for dinner. Luckily we made a reservation for our party. Everything on the menu was fairly inexpensive and there were tons of pictures to help you decide what you might want to order/eat if you've never had Indonesian food before. Anyway, we ordered the gado gado, beef tongue satay and the lamb satay for our starters. The lamb satay was amazing and better and more authentic than any Malaysian restaurant I've ever been to. I know this is an Indonesian restaurant but some of their foods overlap. This was my first time having the beef tongue satay and famous gado gado salad and they both were okay. For our main courses, my table ordered the nasi lemak rendang, nasi campur medan, nasi lemak ayam goreng and the kari bihun. What's cool about the rice dishes is that they come with a lot of little sides, so you can try a little bit of everything. Our food came out pretty quick and everyone seemed to enjoyed it. The staff was also super polite and attentive. We'll definitely be back :)
Gado gado: the serving size is much smaller than than that at Indonesian restaurant. Great peanut sauce with fried tortilla to scoop the ingredients. 

Satay: chicken satay is better than the pork. The pork is dry.

Ayam bakar kecap / grilled chicken with sweet soy sauce: delicious. You can choose between chicken breast or thighs. It comes with small bowl of vegetable curry, rice, and crackers/ kerupuk. The curry has some kick of spiciness. 

Kwetiaw: very delicious. The flat noodles is perfectly cooked and chewiness, not dry at all. It has sliced of sweet sausage.

I wish they make fried banana
I was a bit sad when the old Sky Cafe closed because of a fire. I was also very pleased to learn that they reopened in the Viet/Asian shopping plaza on 11th and Washington. It just took me awhile to get over there.

The restaurant is located inside the plaza mall, and although still simple, it has a better layout then the old location. It is clean and unpretentious, with a TV, Wayang Kulit shadow puppets and some other Indonesian decorations. There is seating for about 20-30 patrons.

My daughter and I had chicken satay and lamb satay for appetizers. Their sauce is delicious, thick and just awesome. The chicken and lamb were cooked perfectly and the satay was moist and full of flavor. This satay at Sky Cafe is a lot better then that new trendy Malay street food restaurant in my opinion. We ordered the R18 Nasi Beef Rendang and N4 Mie BBQ. The Rendang was very flavorful and tender, it was excellent. It did have some heat that crept up on us rather quickly. I might ask for Sky to back that down a little the next time. The N4 Mie BBQ was like an Indonesian style Ramen dish with a barrage of favors. This will be one of our go to dishes at Sky.

For all of this food, the bill for my daughter and myself was $29.00. The most expensive item was the lamb satay at $8.00! Service was excellent. Sky Cafe was so good that we came back the next day with my wife. Parking can be a little difficult as the shopping plaza is popular. Be on your toes, spaces are tight. Cash only!
This is place is doing amazing food that happens to be Indonesian. It's the real deal. 

I figured I wouldn't be writing many reviews during the pandemic. But I had to write this one because this place blew me away. I've done about six different takeout dinners from fine dining spots in Center City. And Sky Cafe was my favorite above all of them. 

To start I ordered the Chicken Satay. The chicken is very tender on the bite and chunks off as you bite it very nicely. The flavor is smoky and savory with a little sweetness. The peanut sauce alongside is the right lightness balanced with the natural fat of the peanuts. 

The beef rendang entree was excellent. The beef was extremely tender. The spice blend was aromatic, densely flavored, and just spicy enough. The pickled vegetables were robust on the bite, but still tender. Almost like meat.
Great place for authentic and cheap Indonesian food. It can be crowded during mealtime but food comes out fast. The sell Indonesian crackers (Kerupuk) and some traditional cookies near the beverage fridge. The portion is pretty decent, not too small. I can have the fried kwetiaw for 2 meals.
I took my boyfriend's advice for once and ordered the first thing on the menu (he believes that's typically the best item they offer), and it did not disappoint. The egg noodles in the mie komplit were perfect cooked and tender, and whatever sauce they use was super flavorful and delicious. 
I didn't really understand what to do with the soup/broth that came on the side, but the waitress told me she typically leaves it separate and uses it for dipping/sipping. We also ordered an order of the lamb skewers which were equally as yummy and tender! Definitely recommend this place. A hole in the wall with affordable food but very clean and fairly spacious as well.
Definitely a diamond in the rough. You have to go through a very cluttered asian strip mall hallway to get into the restaurant but don't let this turn you off. The restaurant is visually clean but unimpressive. The food is on a level that few have ever experienced. The prices are very affordable and the presentation and flavor will leave you craving for more. Extremely authentic Indonesian food. The servers were very friendly and helpful. I would have to say this just became my favorite Southeast Asian style restaurant in all of Philadelphia. The food is unforgettable and I will definitely be back.
The new dish, short rib with rice and soup, is the best dish on the menu (IMHO). Although, everything here is really good. I usually have the N5, noodles with chicken. It's very flavorful and the portion is just right. If you're feeling a little more adventurous, I highly recommend the rice dishes that come with the coconut rice and chicken on the bone. They have a few differences in these dishes, so just go with the one that appeals to you most, you can't go wrong. They also offer some seafood selections on all their dishes, but I find the chicken is best. Also, the prices are very reasonable. Keep in mind it is cash only and closed on Thursday. Definitely a great place to eat and relax, so go here!
Food is flavorful and cheap. If you love spicy food then this is the place to go. They also have this spicy sauce that's soooo goodsd. They arent stingy with their sizes either.
I absolutely love this restaurant! All the food I've had has been delicious and you can't beat the price!

It's located within the mall and is quite small but I've never had issues with getting a seat for a weekend lunch. The staff is friendly and attentive.

I usually get the N1 noodle combo since it has a little bit of everything in it. I like that it has so many flavors and toppings. The rice combo also has a lot of different meats, but I personally prefer the noodle dish. Their wings and fried wontons are great appetizers.

Highly recommend this restaurant especially since it's hard to find good Indonesian food!
Located in dingy Asian Food & Retail plaza ... this is a great takeout spot.

First time trying Indonesian food. VERY good. Very flavorful.

Beef Rendang ( the chili egg amazing) , chicken satay & Curry Noodles all were very good for the price .

I can taste why Yelpers like this place.

** They actually know how to package Takeout properly !
I like the new location.  seems more spacious.  A nice environment.
In the past, I had trouble figuring out what to get but with my last visit I found a new favorite. 
The last time i went, i got the spicy fish and it was just too spicy.  almost unbearable.  and coming from someone who likes spiciness, that says a lot. 
But, my go-to from now on will be Nasi Lemak Rendang - Coconut rice with beef rendang, spicy egg, anchovies, assorted pickles
I look forward to going there again and getting this dish again!
If you can pry away from Pho 75, tucked away in the Wing Phat Plaza is Sky Cafe. It's still somewhat of a hidden gem (maybe for some groups since this place is also bustling with Indonesian people) that serves some delicious and well priced Indonesian food. The space is pretty large and service moves quickly so you don't have to wait too long for a table. The menu is extensive with more options than you can wrap your head around. I tackle it by at least deciding on a category (platter, noodles, chicken,) and then take it from there. You will not choose a wrong or bad dish here. Everything is cooked, seasoned, and prepared with great care. I am a huge Indonesian cuisine because you can such variety in texture and flavors in one bowl/plate.

I'm happy that I finally tried Sky Cafe because it quickly planted itself on my go-to list.
The food here is made with love. I have been here many times. At their old location and now here. Consistently good food every time.

My fav is the spicy fish. Although, I think it is too spicy for me, the flavors are just that great. The portion is perfect. Lemonade is fresh squeezed. 

I have tried almost everything in the menu and it is always delicious. Great home style Indo food. They have made me fall in love with Indonesian cusine.

This new location is always packed. It's bigger then their last location but still busy. Parking is in the plaza.
Came to this place twice and both times were amazing. The price is unbeatable for really good Indonesian food. I ordered the chicken with green chili peppers, fried eggs and veggie curry. Food was filling and left the place satisfied. I will definitely come back here! :)
We were craving Indonesian food for dinner and stumbled upon this place. 

We ordered the chicken satay which is kind of dry for our liking. The mie goreng special and the kwetiau goreng special we got look and taste pretty similar except the noodle type used is different. The food overall was meh but service was good as all the staffs were friendly. Would perhaps try different dishes next time.
Sky cafe exemplifies the hole in the wall restaurant with amazing food. It's located in an Asian mall on Washington with its entrance inside another entrance. We came around 6 on a weekday and it was moderately busy, and clearly a lot of regulars. We only tried a few things on the menu but I loved everything. 

Nasi Padang- a collection of small side dishes like spicy shrimp, chicken, beef, greens, potato patties and chiles. I've had this before but thought the beef rendang here was especially good- the beef was amazingly tender and flavorful. It's also just a fun way to try an assortment of dishes. 

Soto betawi- delicious coconut milk based curry with beef and tripe! Again, the meat was extremely well prepared. It's not spicy in itself but comes with spicy sauces you can add. 

Ikan Bawal Bakar- I think this was an off menu fish special of the day. Not sure exactly what fish it was but it was basically an entire grilled fish. Simple flavors but really highlighted the fish. Would definitely recommend if you don't mind eating bone in fish. 

For 3 people, this was more than enough food and the bill came to under $50. Definitely a highlight of the southeast Asian food options in philly!
I've been wanting to try out this place for years, and finally gave it a visit recently. I love the rustic "coffee shop" look of the place. The staff were very helpful and attentive. I had to try their nasi lemak (coconut rice) and boy I tell you, it was delicious! While every nasi lemak is a little different and people have different tastes, this definitely reminds me of some of the better ones I've had. I also wanted to try out their mie rebus, but unfortunately they did not have it when I visited. I will definitely return to try out other items on their menu.
I love sky cafe so much I would come here everyday if I could. For the price, the quality and quantity of food is astounding. I've been here 3 times now and each time I always get the M1 noodle soup combo. These noodles are so yummy, coated in a sauce that just screams umami. I also recommend the fried chicken with green chile sauce and rice - the chicken is juicy and seasoned well and the green chile sauce is great with the rice and not overwhelmingly spicy. Sky cafe may look unassuming from the outside and be hard to find since it's hidden within the strip mall, but don't judge a book by its cover. It's truly a hidden treasure.
Sky Cafe never disappoints. If you want some delicious exotic fare that will transport you from Philly to South East Asia pronto at a very reasonable price, this is the spot.

The Nasi Pecel Lele is always a favorite -- the crispy fried cat fish over the equally crispy lettuce, mixed with rice, sweet killer chili sauce, and soy bean tempe. We tried the mini Indonesian-Dutch style rijstaffel platter nasi rames Medan, which is the most authentic rendition of this Sumatran city dish I've had in a long time, complete with two fearsome looking blackened half eggs, which are both a visual and culinary treat. The rice platter of perfectly fried chicken and mixed with vegetable soup, egg with chili sauce (red and green) is a combo that will make your tongue dance. Not to worry, the hot tea is always ready to drown the heat from the chili sauce! :) The standard fare yet delicious mie komplit "completes" the dinner.

The restaurant also sells Indonesian snacks on the go (while supplies last), e.g., the caramelized, chopped chili soy bean cake (sambel tempe goreng) that can be used to complement any rice-based dishes.

Restaurant is busy during dinner time, but the service is prompt and courteous.
Will definitely come by again whenever we're in the Philly area.
Best Indonesian restaurant in Philly. Affordable price with VIP quality. Food come quick and super delicious. This place is my favorite place to eat!
This is one place I didn't get a chance to visit despite hearing such good reviews when I lived in Philly. So when I came back to visit Philly, I was very much determined to try this place out. 

Pros: 
-Food! What more can I say? Everything that I tried was beyond my expectation. They were flavorful, pungent, and everything nice. I've tried Batagor (AMAZING), Satay Chicken, Mie Komplit, and Nasi Lemak, and I literally cannot pick out what I liked the most because they were all finger-licking good. 
-Service: Despite the busy atmosphere, the service was very attentive. Because it was my first time trying out Indonesian food, I needed a lot of help picking out items from the menu. The servers were very friendly and helpful. 
-Price: I find that food in Philly is generally cheaper, but this place is super affordable especially considering how yummy the food is. I don't think I found any items on the menu over $10, it's almost unreal.  

Cons: 
-Location: It's not the easiest to find as the restaurant is situated in a shopping center. It is also pretty far from the Center City. 
-Cash only. But honestly, it's so worth drawing much from the ATM machine if you don't have cash. 

I loved this place so much that the 3 days I was in Philly visiting, I went back to this place twice. If you are in Philly, what's stopping you? Just GO NOW!
This hidden spot in this shopping center is worth checking out. Seating fills up quick so you'll need to go on a less busier time or day. I ended up having the nasi bungkus and chicken skewers. The skewers were perfectly made as they easily come off the skewers and the peanut sauce had that nice sweet taste. The bungkus was really spicy but filling. It's wrapped in a banana leaf with rice. Worth every bite to the point my tongue was numb. Stop in if you're ever looking for good Indonesian food.
One of the best places for some delicious and affordable Indonesian food. I hadn't been in quite some time but decided to go today. Their location was newly renovated and was more spacious. Menu is still the same and as good as before! Love love love the nasi pecel lele and the short ribs. Definitely recommend!
I came here with a friend because she had been here many times. It was my first time coming here and first time eating Malaysian food. I was extremely excited by all of the images on their menu. Everything smelled and looked appetizing. 
Our waiter was extremely patient and helped me through the menu. I got the spare ribs and my friend got curry noodles. Our food took almost an hour to come out. It was a Saturday morning and slightly raining. We were seated outside, slightly chilly, waiting for our food. When we asked why it was taking long, they replied with "there are many to-go orders" I did not know how to take this information. I was not extremely hungry at the time so I could wait, but it was inconvenient. 
Our food came out and we were not disappointed. The ribs were delicious. They were slightly sweet, which I enjoy, but other people may not enjoy sweeter food. I left with a happy tummy despite waiting for long for food.
4.8/5

AMAZING! 

I had been here once before and thought it was good but didn't blow my mind...but then I came again with a group of 8 and did it family style, and was blown away. I really like their rice dishes especially. Each one generally comes with a meat and various sides, from hardboiled eggs topped with some delicious spicy sauce, to stir fried vegetables, to curry and more. The coconut rice was really good and a really good complement to the sides. I think my favorite dish of all was the chicken curry. 

My only regret is that I didn't get any of the dish names for the next time I come (because I'll be sure to!), since my Malaysian friend did all of the expert ordering ;P.
Good and authentic Indonesian food. Taste wise is very much the same as it sister location in Philadelphia.
Wow I'm not sure why it took me so long to get here, but I can assure you that it won't be too long until I return. I've been too distracted by nam phuong and le viet and that Asian grocery store to pop in here. It's byo and can accommodate a decent crowd. We had a large group they sat in the back. We came early though; I'm sure it would be really difficult to have a large party later in the evening. 

We started with skewers, which were amazing and the gado-gado, which is this tofu dish with other veggies in a peanut sauce and edible shell. So worth it, even though it looks slightly unappetizing. We then ordered by number, and all our dishes came out at the same time. I got the seafood fried rice, which had slices of fish cake in it. I didn't expect to eat the whole thing, but I couldn't help myself. Can't wait to go back ASAP!
Some items in the menu are good. The price is also quite reasonable for Indonesian cuisine. Service needs a lot of improvements. They never own their mistakes if they make any, the customer just have to accept that. And it seems they don't care if the customer doesn't, since this place will be busy anyway. Honestly I don't appreciate that kind of business practice. 

This is the list of things that I've ordered:

- Pempek $7.50 (fish cake with dark vinegary sauce) - a bit fishy but I like it

- Batagor $7 (Deep fried tofu and some kind of fish/pork filling, smothered in peanut sauce) - good appetizer

- Mie Goreng $8 (Fried Egg Noodle with some kind of belacan/shrimp sauce) - tasty

- Kwetiau Goreng $8 (Fried Wide Flat Rice Noodle with belacan/shrimp sauce) - a bit lack of flavor and consistency each time I order 

- Nasi Campur Medan $8.50 (white rice with various pork dishes around it) - I like it. This dish is for pork lover only! 

- Mie Komplit $7.50 - it used to be delicious and what this place is famous for, but now the noodle is a bit overcooked and the sauce tastes different, not in a good way.
When I consider making the trip to Washington Ave, I automatically think of my favorite Philly pho joints. But this place makes a very convincing argument for Indonesian food. 

It's located down a hallway in the Wing Phat Mall plaza, in a powdered glass room that almost looks closed. But the place is busy inside despite these obstacles, and with good reason! 

The service was excellent. Ju, my server, was friendly and helpful. He offered custom recommendations and checked in often to ensure everything was to my liking. And oh my god, was it ever. 

The food was absolutely fabulous! You really can't go wrong. Virtually no vegetarian options here, so be forewarned. Recommended dishes include the Mie Komplit, Soto, and anything with the house egg noodles or coconut rice. The food is of excellent quality, delicious, and affordably priced at around $7 for most dishes. Their water also features the most pleasant ice around: soft and perfect for crunching in between bites of hot noodle soup. 

Put your pho addiction on hold, and enjoy a new kind of fix here at Sky Cafe.
If you want a small and cheap place to eat good food, totally come to sky cafe. My friends and I ordered the mie komplit and nasi lemak; each came with soup on the side. I personally don't like green onions in my soup but you can't even taste it.  for that. Price came out to be less than $20 with tips. 
My only flaw about this place is the water wasn't ice. But overall, food was good and also the atmosphere. 
Sometimes it can be cold, so eat your food quick before it gets cold.
This is a hidden gems.cute little cafe with exotic asian flavor. Fast and friendly service .Totally home cook Indonesian food.Taste of Indonesian cuisine no passport require.
I think my standard for indonesian/malaysian food is too high after visiting asia recently. For a business that has 4.5 stars average review, my expectations were set really high. I left content, but not enough to warrant my review for more than 3 stars.

Food: Some of my favorite indonesian food are nasi lemak ayam goreng and satay. We ordered the lamb satay and pempek for apps. The lamb satay itself was cooked well and was not dry. I was hoping for more of the soy sauce, sesame oil flavor, and etc. , but the flavor was mild. Overall not bad for a skewer, but I've had better in the city. Pempek was a good dish. Pempek is an egg yolk wrapped inside a fish cake doused in a sweet and savory sauce. The fish cake had a great texture to it, it was chewy and reminded me of a korean rice cake texture. The sauce gave the fish cake its flavor and while good, it was too sweet for me to consider this dish amazing. I had mixed feelings about the nasi lemak. The chicken was very good. It was fried without a batter and the skin was crispy. The meat was tender and there was a good natural and savory flavor from the meat. However, the rice was below my expectations. My gf said she tasted a hint of coconut, but I could not taste the flavor at all in the rice. The rice was also on the dryer side and not fluffy and moist like some of the other nasi lemaks I've had. The anchovies, onions, and crispies were a nice touch and added a crunchy texture to the rice. The sambal lacked the punch in flavor that I am used to. I didn't really taste the chiles or citrus flavor in it. 

Price: Pretty cheap compared to other places in the city.I think I paid ~$32 for 2 apps and 2 entrees which is good even for an asian place.
Delicious Food with affordable price. Always visit them everytime I'm in town. Worth to try!! Just come and try it yourself
The food was absolutely delicious and at reasonable price. I'm generally very skeptical trying out new Asian places. My common complaint is either meat is raw n chewey or over cooked n oily. But this place was perfect. We enjoyed the food and service at this place. You can make out that this is a family run place. We ordered N1 Mie Kiebet (i think tht ws the name) basically chicken n pork with noodles and soy eggs, and spicy fish with rice. Soy eggs were super tasty. Spicy fish was teally very spicy, even for Indian taste buds. Portions were more than descent with side of soup. Overall, I recommend this place and would come here again whenever Im craving dome good asian food. Note:This is a cash only place and there was no ATM inside the resturant.
Hands down one of the best restaurants ive been to. Loved everything. Never had this cuisine before and i was very satisfied. Pork satay and spicy chicken were amazing and i loved the Es Telar . Very interesting and  delicious!
So happy this place has reopened at a location much closer to my home.  Great tasting Indonesian food at unbeatable prices.  I especially love the mie bakso, reminds me of the bakso I had in Indonesia.  But everything is great here!
I just came here after hearing so many good reviews about this place, but I didn't even get a chance to eat here because they never gave us a table. We were waiting here for so long, the server said she was going to give us a table in the corner in about ten minutes; lord and behold...The "owner's" friend had a reservation out of nowhere and they gave that table that was supposed to be ours to them. I was actually looking forward to eating here, but thanks to sky cafe's terrible customer service and crappy owner, I don't ever want to come back. You've lost a potential frequent customer. You guys suck!
I've never had Indonesian food before a few months ago, but I'm so happy that part of my life is over. I've been to Sky Cafe 2x in the past 2.5 months and it's amazing. The food is delicious and comes out quickly. The prices are crazy low for the entrees. I tried several new items tonight, including one or two that were just added to the menu and they were incredible. I can't wait to go back and try something new next time.
Love this place. My fav are Mie Komplit and chicken wings :)
This place always busy. But you can walk around the Plaza and shop around a bit while you wait.
I can't believe how good everything is here. and almost every entree is less than $10. Their hours are a little weird since they close at 8PM on most nights and are closed on Thursdays, but their special fried rice and Sky grilled chicken platter are the bomb diggity. Be sure to add a spicy egg to your entree for an extra buck, it's well worth it. I come here once a week just to get my indonesian fix
This place is hidden inside the shopping plaza
We ordered N16 Mie Bakso (Rice Noodle Soup with Meatballs), R16 Nasi Campur Medan (Coconut rice with various grilled meats and a vegetable soup) and R23 Nasi Bungkus (Banana leave wrap with spicy beef).  All our selections tasted great, but R16 will be my recommendation if you want to sample the Indonesian food. 
The price was excellent with all dishes under $10.
Sky Cafe is located in this Vietnemese outlet mall and its actually hidden inside of this mall with usually some asian dudes kicking back beers in front of one of the shops or hallways. Dont be afraid of these guardians of the indonesian palace! The food at Sky cafe is pretty awesome and incredibly cheap. Its similar to vietnemese food but definitely has its own twist. A variety of fried things in curries with rice or noodles. There is definitely a focus on fish and chicken if thats what youre looking for.  I went with the Chicken Satay in peanut sauce and the randang which were both the bomb! If youre looking for a bit of an adventurous meal for cheap this is your place to go!
I love this place. Great price, great food. I'm sorry I can't be very specific this time but try any soup you can. I returned and picked something random and was still great. And one more time: prices are great!
Oh gosh! It was an awesome experience! I'm Indonesian living in Maryland, and I can tell you that the food is legit!!
I ordered Batagor, pecel lele, mie komplit, nasi bungkus, pempek, es teler. It feels literally like home. The best part was they sell kerupuk, emping,  and keripik balado! 
Will definitely come back here when I feel homesick.
That parking lot is crazy if you can even find a spot...

Food was alright. Not truly authentic Indonesian food but close. You can tell the use more of the sweet soy sauce as it has an unusually sweet taste. We got chicken satay which was bomb. The nasi Goreng (fried rice) and mei goreng (noodles) were tasty. I like the combo of fish ball, bacon, shrimp and pork. Would recommend! Food came out to $22! Not bad for two people.
I came here with my Dragon Boat Team on Sunday very hungry and with high expectations (one of my teammates raved about this place), and Sky Cafe delivered. We came in as soon as they opened (11am) and so didn't have a wait, but it seems like if you come in post 12/1pm you might be standing around for a bit. 

In our group of 11, five people got the Nasi Goreng Special, three people got the Mie Komplit, and three others decided to venture away from the pack and try something different. (The staff aided us in the decision making process with tons of great recommendations). I split fried wontons, the Nasi Goreng, and the Mie Komplit with my sister, and even in our post-practice hunger we couldn't finish our meals (yay leftovers!) The portions are HUGE (but also very reasonably priced.) 

The Nasi Goreng was great but could have had a bit more spice. Also, the sunny side up egg we asked for came fried =(. The Mie Komplit had tons of really flavorful meat, egg, and veggies, but the noodles were a bit on the bland side so we had to add a few things to add flavor. The fried wontons were AWESOME. 

My teammates were also really happy with their orders (R16? N16? chicken satay, passion fruit juice, the pink drink with avocado). I tried the pink drink and it was a little too sweet/bubblegummy for my taste, but the three people who got it all loved it.
Sky Cafe is an amazing Indonesian restaurant perfect for feasting on delicious food at affordable prices. The restaurant ambiance is fun and energetic, with big tables and lots going on. It's perfect for families or big groups, since you can share many dishes. The assortment on the menu is large and can be a bit overwhelming - but most everything is delicious, so just get dishes across multiple categories for the table and you're sure to enjoy whatever it is that you're eating. On the whole a tasty spot worth making a trip to. Check it out next time you want an authentic Indonesian culinary experience!
Love the variety of food to choose and they are fast, great servers and feel homey and of course food are delicious
I love this place! The food is excellent, service is great and the parking is reasonable. I usually have the N5, noodles with chicken. It's very flavorful and the portion is just right. If you're feeling a little more adventurous, I highly recommend the rice dishes that come with the coconut rice and chicken on the bone. They have a few differences in these dishes, so just go with the one that appeals to you most, you can't go wrong. They also offer some seafood selections on all their dishes, but I find the chicken is best. Also, the prices are very reasonable. Keep in mind it is cash only and closed on Thursday. Definitely a great place to eat and relax, so go here!
Everything was bomb as hell to the point I am immediately writing this in the car on the way home. Great prices, good portions, chill atmosphere. We got the ground chicken wontons and chicken satay to start. Both awesome. For the entrees we got the beef ribs and bbq meat platter. They come with sides of soup which I love. Everything had amazing flavor and all the meat was tender. Definitely try this place if you like fried rice/noodles, grilled meats, and Asian flavors in general.
We were on our way to get some pho but I saw this place on the way and remembered that I wanted to come here so we changed course and pulled into the lot.  The place was not very crowded and it was easy to get a seat.   We wanted to be in and out because we had somewhere else to be and this was the perfect place.  We didn't study the menu too hard bc we didn't really know what the stuff was anyway.  They had pictures w the menu and we just quickly picked some stuff to try.  

First off, we picked the beef tongue bc why not?  We have never had it before and it wasn't too expensive.  We loved it.  We also got batagor which was also great.  Would def get that again.  Apparently I didn't read the menu bc it was tofu.  But apparently tofu can be delicious!  haha Who knew?

We also ordered some menu item (forget the name and I don't see it on their site) that was $21 and had a lot of different things.   Beef, shrimp, chicken, potato cakes, collard greens, rice and some sauce.  Was very good but some of the sauces were too spicy for me.  I prob wouldn't order this again unless they could make a non spicy version of it because I'm a wimp w things that are too spicy.
The food and service at this restaurant is really good and its not expensive. As soon as we walked in the staff were nothing short of friendly, always smiling and helpful.
As a picky eater I had a few doubts about the foods, but there's something for everything, and the food was so nicely laid out. We really enjoyed coming here. The price was very reasonable and foods came out impressive. Will definitely eat here again.
Excellent service and food! The staff there are great and food is delicious. Very cute mom and pop shop. Prices are ridiculously reasonable. It's a small shop inside a shopping center in South Philly. 

They are closed on Thursday's. Make sure you go any day besides Thursday's and they close at 8pm daily.
I highly highly recommend trying the nasi lemak! Either the beef rendang or the spicy beef are good, so you can't go wrong with the dish! I like the presentation of the dish that it's served in bamboo leaves, sort of like opening a gift like my friend said
This hidden gem located inside of Wing Phat Plaza is some of the best Indonesian food I've ever had. The staff is always super nice. The service is quick and always delicious. 

I always go for the grilled fish of the day with a side of coconut rice. It's so much food and the bill is always around $15-$20.
The food was slightly above average but the service was terrible. 

Called several times to place a takeout order but nobody picked up 

So we showed up. They could have seated us (2 ppl) much earlier if they had taken apart a large set of tables that were only half occupied. Instead they waited until the party was gone. Then, the food took over 20 minutes to come. So overall it took us almost 40 minutes to get our food 

The server offered an ominous and mysterious warning about one dish ("most people don't like it") but when we asked for an elaboration, she smirked and rushed away, without giving us a chance to modify the order. It was indeed a very strange dish that I think very few people would like. It was described as fried noodles with an egg drop "on top". Instead it was like fried noodles soaked in and pasted together by a thick goopy glue. It was honestly kind of disgusting. 

Several dishes we ordered were marked up by several dollars compared to the menu. Unacceptable for the menus to be out of date. I was on the cusp of ordering a third dish and only did so because it seemed like a good deal. It was not a good deal. So that was a little annoying.

Lastly if you have a garlic insensitivity or simply don't want to have bad breath all day don't even consider it. Everything is steeped in garlic and tastes like garlic.

Overall I would describe the experience as death by a thousand cuts.
If you like Indonesian food or would like to try Indonesian food, this place is a nice place to start! I came here for lunch today with some friends. This place is not big, but the food is so good here ! I had the pork satay and Soto betawi. The pork was cook well and the sauce was amazing! Soto betawi: beef, tripe, potatoes, and tomatoes in a coconut beef broth ! Both dishes were delish. This place is very affordable and the service was good !

Update 02/03/18
Came back and tried the curry with rice, instead of noodles! This flavorful curry includes fried tofu, fish balls, fish cake, potatoes, and eggs ! It was very delicious and not too spicy!

Update 3/23/18
Met up with a good friend for dinner and I had the Nasi Lemak Ayam Goreng ( coconut rice, fried chicken, anchovies, spicy egg , and assorted pickles)! The chicken was moist, spicy egg was not too spicy, Pickled veggies had a crunch and was sweet, fried anchovies was so good, the coconut rice was good, but I would prefer Jasmin rice (so that it Would soak up all the wonderful flavors)!
The perfect definition of a hidden gem, hole in the wall restaurant nestled inside a shopping plaza.  Great service and tasty food!  It was most of our first time and we went as a group of 9 and absolutely loved it.  I ordered a noodle dish which came with a chicken soup on the side and the spicy sauce was one of the spiciest sauces I have ever tasted.  The sauce made me sweat a bit and cry a little more, but it had so much flavor I could not stop.  The rest of the party liked the foods as well.  I cannot wait to go back.  This is a must try for Philly's restaurant scene.
A hidden gem!  Affordable + delicious Indonesian cuisine.   Great service, it now accepts credit cards.  Wish it closes later.  It closes pretty early even on Fridays & Saturdays.  Love this location is bigger, has parking and within the same plaza as some of my favs...Pho75, Mr. Wish, Hung Vuong market.
Despite Sky Cafe's lofty appellative, the view here is quite unremarkable. Those dining here gaze upon a poorly lit strip mall hallway and an east facing view of a parking lot.
Fortunately, the food is as superlative as the sights are banal.
I think it's Indonesian.  Right?  It seems Indonesian.
The fried chicken and rice with the very spicy green sauce is holy sh*t good.
Delicious food, great value, friendly servers, and cozy ambiance. My Indonesian friend that I came here with said the food was pretty authentic. Felt like I was transported to Indonesia!
I came here for the first time after they renovated the restaurant. The entrance is right outside the mall. The seatings are congested as before. More seatings at the back of the restaurant. There are flat screens TV but I miss the wayang kulit aka shadow puppet picture.

The staff is completely different than before, very much younger. I called for my favorite fried kwetiaw and was told it took 20-30 minutes. The restaurant wasn't crowded when I arrived. I was surprised by the waiting time. In the past after I put my order in I went to the supermarket briefly and when I returned the food was ready. This time I waited a while and after about 20 minutes I asked whether it would be a while to get the food. The girl said that she already told me the time, she said that in an unfriendly and annoyed way. Too add to my disappointment to the service, the kwetiaw was bland. Not as delicious as before. It's missing the sweet Chinese sausage.
What an experience. This was my second time enjoying Indonesian food. This cute little restaurant is everything.  

Staff is nice and friendly.  Constantly checking on us.  

We started with the lamb satay. This was not gamey: it was well seasoned and grilled perfectly.  It was paired with a peanut sauce and soy type sauce. Both were delicious. 

We then had noodles with shrimp, Chinese sausage and vegetables.  This was ok. As someone who loves spicy food, this was a little bland for me.

We finished with what I call the sampler: beef rendeng,  chicken stew, collard green stew, spicy fried shrimp with rice.  Beef was slow cooked; very tender. Shrimp was amazing with the chilli. The stew were all really good.  Definitely recommend
If you ask me where to get authentic Indonesian food in Philadelphia, I would say Sky Cafe. Friendly staff and owner, excellent food with affordable price. 
A must try is everything on the menu (guilty as charge, yes I tried everything on the menu, not all at once tho).
This place is the most authentic Indonesian food I have had in the states. I highly recommend the "Beef Randang' the flavors almost take you on a journey through the beautiful islands of the South Pacific. I will always go out of my way to dine here when I'm in Philly! Beef Rendang
Tried the Chicken Satay and the Nasi Lemak Ayam Goreng. Overall, loved the satay. Well cooked and marinaded chicken and great satay sauce. The I didn't love the sauce with the nasi lemak. A bit overwhelming and vinegary compared to others I've tried before.
[ENGLISH BELOW]

Kalo lagi lapar dan siap makan enak, jangan melewati restoran luar biasa ini.  Pada HUT saya, kami bertiga mampir dan pesan cukup untuk 6.  Nasi Rendang komplit dgn ayam, kale, kentang, sambal hijo, udang.  Bihun goreng luar biasa.  Tahu dan tempe goreng dgn sambal merah (habis), bakso tahu goreng (Batagor), ikan bakar.  Belum selesai nih!  Soda gembira , es teler, dan juice sirsak.  Perut kenyang dan lingkar pinggang nambah dekit

OK.... if you are hungry and ready for something delicious don't skip this amazing Indonesian restaurant. For my birthday three of us came and ordered enough for six people. The Rendang rice dish includes a beef steeped in coconut and curry, chicken, kale, potato, Green chili sauce, and shrimp.  Yummy stir fried noodles (bihun goreng), fried tofu and tempe, grilled fish.  Also soursop juice.  Full stomach and full hearts!  Having lived in Indonesia for 15 years, I can tell you that this is about as good as you can expect in the USA. Don't pass up a chance to try fantastic Indonesian food.
Food: 5 Out of 5
Loved everything we ordered here! Had the chicken satay, beef rendang, & nasi lemak. I haven't been this excited about food since I discovered Burmese food

Service: 4 out of 5
Waiter that served us cool, gave great recommendations.

Environment: 5 Out of 5
Mom and pop restaurant. Plenty of seating indoor and a few outdoor. 

Overall: 4.75 Out of 5
I can't believe I've been sleeping on this place. Hidden gem of South Philly!!!
