What do you call a place that serves serious pizza, but doesn't take itself too seriously?
SliCE!

In short...
- If you appreciate FANtastic and crisp pizza, then SliCE would be your spot to go. 
I ordered half and half pizza: Truffle Pizza and Truffled Ribeye Pizza. 
- If you appreciate eggs-cellent Groupon deals, then SliCE would be your spot to go. 
I paid $8.80 for $20 worth of food and non-alcoholic beverages. Talk about a kick @$$ deal! 

Four Yelps.
After a long car ride home from North Jersey, the last thing I wanted to do was go back out in search of dinner. We placed an order with Slice, and within 45 minutes dinner arrived. One small signature salad and one large margherita pizza came to around $25, with free delivery. 

The dressing for the salad came in a side cup, which was great because there were no soggy bits. Just fresh arugula, dried cranberries, gorgonzola and pine nuts. The pie, on the other hand, was definitely soggy. Some time in the oven helped significantly, but shouldn't delivery pizza be ready to enjoy when it arrives? 

Nonetheless, I do like Slice and I'll give some of their other pies a try the next time we order.
Talk about a comeback.  Slice definitely won me over again.  I've always loved their pizza but their customer service has rocketed them to the next level.

After my previous review, the owner contacted me via Yelp to learn more about my experiences dining in.  I liked how he was professional, and used our conversation as an opportunity to improve the customer experience he and his staff provides.  I'm glad that their are owners out there who realize what a useful tool Yelp can be for gauging how you stand in the community.  I think the whole process was handled extremely well and it has left me a very satisfied customer.

I love the pizza at Slice.  I always have.  It's thin, it's crispy and the flavors/topping combinations are stellar.  I now have another reason to love them and that's because they did right by me and made me feel special as a customer.
These pies have a thin, crispy crust. That makes me happy. So does the San Marzano tomato sauce. I've liked every slice of you, Slice. And I've had plenty. 

Clams casino, Americano, Eggplant parm, on and on. So good. When you eat the slices there, they're hot and crispy perfect. I'm gonna keep repeating the word, "crispy," cause I apparently need to stress that I care about this A LOT.

You know even the best pizzas can go south to sogville somewhere along the delivery route. I was pleasantly surprised that this was not the case when we got some pies delivered the other night. I kept repeating like a parrot who has eaten a lot of good pizza, "The crust is still crispy, SQUWAK...the crust is still crispy, SQUWAK..."

That was lovely. But now we have to have a word about Pizzaz. No I'm not misspelling the word in reference to your dashingly flamboyant and flashy sense of style. I'm talking about this style of pizza that is apparently a South Philly tradition? Now I've been around the block, but I never hearda no "Pizzaz." Recently I was informed that this sauceless slice topped with mozzarella, american cheese, hot peppers and tomato slices is a South Philly thing? I keep using question marks to suggest a skeptical eyebrow. 

Now, just the mere mention of american cheese on a pizza is enough to ruffle my feathers. Let's just say I wasn't raised that way. I'll cut to the chase here. We had to try it to see what the hell. It was an experiment. Pizza scientists. Anyway, I liked it. My mind said no but my mouth said, "Gimme another slice of that." It's a nice grilled cheese and tomato flatbread with a smatterin' o' pickled hot peppers. I'd do it again and still show my face in pizza society.

I can say that I'd enjoyed every slice. Even the ones that sound crazy.
2nd best pizza in Philly, next to Tacconelli's.

Thin crust, great toppings and ingredients, incredibly friendly staff.

They don't take credit cards but are incredibly accomidating.  Once I didn't have enough cash and since they have caller ID with my info on file they trusted me enough to use a check.

The one thing I like at Slice more than Tacconelli's are the array of toppings.  

The only negative is that it is expensive, but that makes sense considering the ingredients that they use. 

I just wish I could to order from here more often instead of Marra's!
I really like Slice alot alot though sometimes I want more cheese, also it's on my corner and I am both lazy and impatient. 

Now I'm a native New Yorker who grew up folding a slice in half and walking with it.  And there are two kinds of pizza in NYC - sit down thin crust (the epitome being John's on Bleeker Street) and the aforementioned by the slice Saturday Night Fever style fold & walk (best Joe's on 6th & Bleeker) . Slice is more the former. Its sit down pizza..

First we were totally in love with the Clam pie, then the clam pie with bacon (YUM!!!) though I recently had Clam pizza in Connecticut and it was so chock full of big fat fresh clams that I am now over this one.

Then I had a thing for the goat cheese, caramelized onion bacon pizza, which is fabulous but it's so rich better for sharing...makes a great breakfast BTW, same goes for the one with Gorgonzola & prosciutto ...v rich, v good.

The BF's current  favorite is the Pizzazz (Hot peppers, fresh tomato, Mozzarella & American cheese) but no matter what I say he will not try it with pepperoni, which I agree would be slightly over the top and cause like 7 different kinds of heartburn, but I think it would be soo good.  I never get it because its too much for me, I like one piece of it and that's all..ok maybe two.

I love the pepperoni (but I get it with out portobello mushrooms, don't like them on pizza too juicy) I esp like it with whole wheat crust, weird I know.

Speaking of whole wheat, have on occasion been all health conscious and ordered spinach, artichoke & fresh tomato pizza with low fat mozz on whole wheat crust, and its good, it's really good, but it's not as soulfully satisfying,  like frozen yogurt vs ice cream, its good but its not the same,

The Buffalo Chicken which I get with a side of fresh arugula to put on top, is also quite yummy, though unorthodox like wings without the gnawing, and with much better cheese (Everyone should serve wings with Gorgonzola BTW).. I have a little add-on to the buffalo pizza, I ask for a side of arugula which I throw some red wine vinegar or lemon juice on and put on top of the pizza...sometimes I add cucumber, raw red peppers or  celery from my fridge - if you have never had pizza with nice cold vinegary salad on top fuugedaboutit,  it's so good, its a habit I picked up from a guy from Queens, probably the only good habit one can pick up from a guy from Queens..ok he did teach me how to slip someone a $20 in that special way.

Though will say its a bit pricey esp when the two people in the house cannot agree on a topping it quickly turns to a $35 pizza night, esp since I have to add things.


One way we offset the cost of Slice while still getting the amazing Slice pizza is we get a Large Margarita or Marinara, and use whatever is in the fridge to make our own toppings, so each slice is different. it helps that I keep a well stocked fridge, but its fun and interactive and keeps the cost of pizza night at @ $17 and I clean out the fridge at the same time.
Expect delicious pizza. Pizza by the slice is one of the best deals in the city. I got one slice and it was enormous. The guy who owns this place honestly cares about his customers, reputation, and pizza. He always acknowleges his guests, asks for opinions, and takes to heart critisism. We used to order extra sauce until one day we were ordering a pizza over the phone and heard him ask the girl taking our order to find out why we were ordering extra sauce. he wanted to know "if it was because we like extra sauce, or if it's because there isn't enough sauce on the pizza". We were honest and said there wasn't enough on the pizza. Needless to say, we do not have to order extra sauce anymore. Highly recommended.
I've tried nearly all the options, and concluded that this is the best pizza within delivery distance of my place in South Philly. The thin crust is excellent and they use fresh, high quality ingredients. The peperoni is awesome and the mushrooms are delicious portobellos. Caesar salads are great too with homemade croutons and  dressing. I won't admit how much pizza I eat, but I will admit to a certain level of snobbery.  I give the pie at Slice two thumbs up.
I hate writing bad reviews - and am so disappointed with this one. I heard Slice had gluten free pizza so I thought I'd pick one up on my way home from a weekend out of town. When I called to order the man who answered was super friendly, and it made me excited to support them - and trust them with my gluten allergy. He mentioned they also had gfree wings so I figured I would just bring home dinner for my boyfriend and I. I ordered the gf pizza, 20 wings, and a Greek salad. I was disappointed to arrive and they had made a regular pizza (scary thought if I hadn't mentioned I ordered gfree). To make up for it they apologized, said it would be just 10min and that they wouldnt charge me for it. 10 minutes later I was surprised to walk up and be charged $40 for my order. The wings aren't on their menu, so I didn't know they were $1 each. My mistake for assuming they would be smaller than they were. Then I realized they are cash only - yet do not have ATM on premises... Is there any excuse for this today? You have a website, but you can't run my visa? Or have an ATM? Strange. I had to drive around the corner to then get cash. By the time I returned and paid, they told me they didn't totally take care of the pizza - just took a few dollars off...

I guess I wasn't the most prepared customer, but I won't go back. There wasn't anything from the gfree standpoint that was worth going thru all that again (wings were boring and frozen gfree pizzas or Bobs redmill are way better). To top it off they enclosed pizza crust in the salad therefore I couldn't even eat the salad.

Overall - not a great spot for my gluten free friends. Seems like they are still figuring things out. I wish them luck.
I just love Slice. I love everything about it, the food, the atmosphere, the employees. EVERYTHING. We had some family in from South Carolina, and we had a mix of ages, a 5 year old, 17 year old, people in thier 20's and 40's. We needed to find a place that everyone could enjoy. We decided on Slice and picked up a couple 6 packs of beer. We were served by the girl at the counter, who was really nice and brought the 5 year old a plain slice of pizza when she got freaked out by arugula. We got the ceasar salad in a breadbowl (best ceasar in the city) and an apple salad, also incredible. Then we all split two pies, an arugula and prociutto pie, and BBQ chicken. EVERYONE was happy with the food and my future brother-in-law could not stop talking about Slice the next day. I have had most of the items on this menu, and can safely say I will try anything on it. It's all that good. We fed a family of 6 for $65 (that includes tip). Can't beat that. This is now my go-to place for when family visits. Well done, Slice. Well done.
To all my vegan friends, get your ass here, it's as good as it gets for vegan pizza!! 
I love this place, great selection of toppings, thin crunchy crust and the sauce is AMAZING. I don't know what the hell they put it in but it's as sweet as playing candy land on gum drop mountain with lord licorice. 
My favorite is broccoli rabe and caramelized onions.
I literally just left Slice, I am a Philly native and have always thought that the only edible pizza in Philly was Lorenzo's but let me tell you I am eating my words and my god do they taste delicious. Of course I am talking about Slice. I'm a nanny and I was able to take a 22 month old in there and I'm assuming the owner was behind the counter and was the nicest guy ever. He told me the low down about their pizza and generally catered to my every need. The pizza was just scrumptious. I wanted to get more but then I would of felt like a fattie. Next time I'm getting a pizza just for me. Bonus: They have Whole Wheat dough. MMmmMmMmMmmmMm- that's the bottom line.
By far the best pizza in Philly.  I'm originally from NYC so I'm kind of a pizza snob.  I've tried plenty of places that people in philly have said are good.  Rustica, lorenzos, couch tomato are some off the top of my head.  Slice is definitely better than all of them.  I would only give Slice 4 stars if they were in NYC but I will give them 5 stars because I know the other pizza places above get 5's and they taste like crap compared to slice.  First some good things about the pizza:
1) The dough is pretty close to perfect, crispy from the middle of the pie all the way to the crust, I would like it a bit chewier but thats just a preference thing.
2) The sauce is great, the tomatoes are fresh.  In matter of fact the quality of all their ingredients was pretty good.

My only complaints about the pizza would be the fact that the cheese wasn't nicely distributed.  I understand they're using fresh mozzarella as opposed to the shredded processed stuff but a simple thin slice and spread it out over the pizza as opposed to throwing it on in chunks would be nice.    Same problem with the basil.  They loaded it on. Liked the fact that they weren't cheap with the basil but it would have been better to chiffonade it and spread it over the pizza rather than put whole leaves.

Overall though, from the half a dozen or so pizza places that I have tried in philly, all with at least one of my friends claiming it to be the go to place, Slice is the best place to go for pizza in Philly.  Just go out and try it.
The best thin crust gourmet pizza in town! The Eggplant pizza was really good and also the Magherita was good too! This place is great for lunch!
"Slice South Philly, how can I help you?"

Thick accent with an undertone of attitude.  I liked when I heard as soon as I first called in.  We decided to go with the pesto pizza because it looked very unique.  Pesto, Kalmata Olives and Mozzerella.  I asked for it crispy and boy did I get it crispy.

Slice's pie is very thin.  I had eaten in the Rittenhouse one before but this was my first time getting a pie.  We walked over and picked it up.  It was ready in about 20 mins just like they said.

The crispy request, in retrospect was a bit of a mistake.  It's so thin that it will be naturally crispy.  This was a bit more tough they I wanted but I asked for it like that.  I will order again and just let it be.  It should be fine.

When I picked up the box I was a bit shocked at how light the pizza was.  This is the thin crust thing I'm talking about.  I actually had to open the box to make sure their actually was a pizza in there.  Fortunately, staring back at me was some Mediterranean goodness.

The downside is the price.  I actually found myself wanting more for the $16 price tag.  What the pie lacked in body it certainly made up for in flavor.  Also, you don't feel weighed down after eating it.  Brilliant.

Flavoring was very good and overall a great pizza option in the neighborhood.  I'll be back.
I'm taking slice down a notch.  It hurts me to do this, but it has let me down multiple times.

Each time I've dined in (2 times) there has been some problem with the service.  Once my order was just forgotten about.  To be fair, the woman behind the counter apologized and gave me a 10% off coupon for my next visit.  I ended up using it for a pickup order the next time.

Recently, we dined in and this time, it was a solid 40 minutes before we saw our pie.  I'm not sure if it takes this long for all the pies they make, but it seemed excessive.  I think there must have been some mess up because the workers thought the pie was "to-go" even though we were sitting there the whole time.  By the time the pie came, we were so hungry that we devoured it.  It was tasty pizza, but with the frustration level of dining in, I'll opt for take-out from now on.
I got a groupon deal $20 for $40. Got 2 specialty pies and a salad. I payed $10 extra  so total I payed $30. The pizza was cold and not tasty and I threw out my $10 salad without even opening it it looked so gross. I wouldn't eat here again if it was free let alone get jipped out if my $30.
This is a pizza shop I want to like they just screw up to often.  

A couple years ago when they first opened we had three different deliveries that took over an hour to deliver and then what came was wrong. The pizza was good it just wasn't what we ordered.  We gave up and didn't order again until a few months ago. Things seemed to have changed and we had a few great experiences, until last night. We ordered a pizza and a salad, it took an hour and a half to deliver and they sent the wrong pizza. The pizza they sent was also under cooked. We called, they apologized, and offered to send another pizza. This pizza took almost another hour to deliver and was also under cooked. 

Maybe they just can't handle a busy Friday night. Regardless, we'll be finding a new go-to pizza shop. Most likely Santucci's will be getting our business going forward.
So disappointed. Second time I've ordered from Slice (first time wasn't great, but thought I'd give it one more try).  Ordered Americano with caramelized onions, wwt crust.  Really bland. Such an ultrathin layer of sauce (and there was supposed to be cheese-- but it wasn't visible), I felt I was eating plain crust. For $19.  And it took over an hour. Sorry, I like thin crust pizza, but you can't skimp on the sauce and toppings to this degree, or it's just ridiculously expensive bread.
Really solid pizza - Horrendous, long-ass wait and super expensive for delivery.  Such a shame too, because the other pizza mainstays that I lurvvvve do not deliver to my 'hood.  Fo' shame.

I've ordered from this location plenty of times, and each time, whether it's during the day or at night (and usually NOT on a busy weekend night) - we have waited no less than an hour and a half to TWO hours for delivery. Simply inexcusable, and so disappointing because I really dig the pizza.  The crust is thin, crispy and delish - the sauce is right on the money, not too thin, not too thick, and the ingredients are fresh and plentiful - however they could work on their cheese selection (bland) and quantity (barely makes an appearance).  Also, in what world does a small pizza and a large pizza with a delivery fee equal to up to forty dollars?  Maybe where the crust is encrusted with gold leaf, but there shouldn't be a delivery charge for the delivery of PIZZA, that's downright un-American, no?

I'm pretty much convinced that save for an establishment or two (that don't deliver to my neighborhood - boohoo), there is really no good place in the city for good pizza and that delivers under an hour.
The only thing keeping this from a 5 star rating is the mediocrity of their Margherita pie. With amazingly thin & crisp crusts (still somehow plush at the same time), their pizzas have the perfect base and, unfortunately, it shone through the sauce, mozzarella and basil just a bit too much; the pie was exceptionally dry and the crust seemed to be the only outstanding component. In contrast, their specialty pies are a must and each is packed with a creative combination of flavorful toppings. Currently number one on my list is the Clams Casino - piled high with clams, bacon, red onions (cooked to perfection, so as to not overwhelm the salty melding of prior mentioned ingredients), and peppers. I don't even like clams, never have, but after experiencing them in this application - I might have to reconsider, and so should you!
When I first moved to South Philly, my biggest disappointment food wise was the pizza.  Pizza, despite being such a prevalent american food, is somewhat rare to find done well.  Your average local pizza place generally makes a passable pie, but nothing special.  I don't know what it is in south philly, but the pizza here is generally terrible.  Doughy, rubbery crust, sickeningly sweet tomato paste sauce, and oily imitation cheese.  Even the better places weren't as good as most of the suburban places I grew up with.

Slice changed all that.  To me, the measure of a pizza place is it's pepperoni pie.  Its kind of like General Tso's chicken is to chinese, spicy tuna rolls are to sushi, or a burrito is to mexican.  It's the standard by which you can compare two places.  Slice's pepperoni is just about perfect.  The crust is as thin as it gets, but still has the right amout of moisture.  The sauce, in which you can detect actual chunks of tomato, forms a perfect layer of flavor..  There is just enough cheese, nowhere near as much as your typical pizza, but it forms a perfect bond beween the sauce and bread.  Good, medium thick pepperoni rounds out the deal.  They cook it hot and fast, and leave it in to the very cusp of overcooking it.  Some people might consider it slightly burnt, but thats what happens when you do pizza right.  For pickups they can turn it around quickly, I live too close to need it delivered, so I can't speak for that.

Other highlights include the barbecue or buffalo chicken pizza, with thin slivers of chicken drizzled in sauce.   The margherita pizza is excellent, and the Hawaiian, substituting prosciutto for ham, and with the option of white or red pie, is nothing like you've ever had.    Every time I order there, an internal debate rages whether to get an old favorite, or try something different.  With Slice, that decision is win-win.
Date night a go go with one of my favorite gals brought us to south philly. Ive ordered delivery from slice a few times so i was already prepared for pizza goodness. After polishing off one of our two bottles of wine we decided we would order the truffle pie with artichokes. It was delicious. Nice crispy crust, loaded with toppings and not overly truffley. I probably wont venture back down to eat in but will keep slice in mind for my future delivery needs.
First time, perfect.  Possibly the best pizza I've had in Philly.  So good, I ordered another 3 days later.

Both times went with the pepperoni (which are uncured).  Tried getting meatball w/pepper, but they don't do meatball.  Delivery guy was chatty, which was annoying cause my pizza wasn't piping hot.  Still it was good.  Second time around more sauce than the first... almost too much sauce for my tastes so be careful if you similarly don't like tomato pies.  The first time was perfect... even better than Tacconelli's.  I'll be back for more.
Slice, i cheated on you last night and went to Francoluigi's because i was too lazy to go to the ATM. I am so, so sorry, it will never happen again. You are the best pizza in the city, and your customer service, dedication, taste and quality are what keeps you a staple to our community. After eating the cold slops that francoluigi's sent me an hour and a half after i called for it, I remembered your cheese, and sauce and crust. I will never cheat on you again. Never.
Slice makes good pizza to those who want not too much on their pie, consider pizza as a snack and not  a craving then Slice at 10th is for you. They do not accept Cards so bring as much cash. eating in is okay with a nice LCD flat screen while waiting. The Cheese pie is okay but the pizza to order here is the Margherita, I believe this is the one that handed them the Best of Philly award. Brynn is right about the crust its eatable and the sauce did not taste canned. 
You'll see Tomax and Xamot bake your pie too as well. The ladies who get your orders are friendly too and yes it is in South Philly...big ups Slice!! just in case you get the Best of Philly nod this year try not to raise your price up another notch
This is the best thin crust pizza in Philly.  I have had the Margherita with fresh mozz and basil and I am addicted!.  I also tried the Bianco Formagio and it was the best white pizza outside of Italy.  Worth moving to South Philly for :-)
A great place for gourmet pizza. This place would get 5 stars from me if not for a few less than ideal delivery situations. I've learned that it's better and faster to just pick it up myself. They offer vegan cheese, which makes them one of only a handful of pizza places in the city at which non-cheese eaters can enjoy a pie. Yum!
if i want pizza delivered to my house, i order slice.  i am a big fan of the florentine (white pie with spinach, sliced tomato, and ricotta).  the traditional is also a favorite, although i like it better when i request extra cheese.  slice can be kind of stingy with that.  i've tried the georgio as well (sauce, mozzarella, pepperoni & portabella mushrooms) with good results.  the mushrooms are very fresh and i like the thick-cut pepperoni.  

i definitely need to branch out and try some of their other toppings.  i am intrigued by the onion, goat cheese and bacon, and i've never tried the americano.

another plus here is the arugula salad -- i order it without the bowl.-- which comes with garlic bread triangles, grated parmesan, and  a tasty balsamic vinaigrette.  there is always enough salad left over to eat for lunch the next day.

sometimes the pizza is on the cold side with delivery.  it just depends.  kind of hit or miss in that department.
i have heard a LOT about slice lately on several different message boards i frequent, and i am both hungry AND broke so i decided to check out slice.  NOT a good idea if you are broke.  small pizza = $12.  

pizza plusses: 
- BEST crust in the city
- fresh toppings (good olives)
- excellent, tangy tomato sauce

pizza minuses: 
cheap-ass BLAND mozarella cheese!
price

i am not usually one to complain about price, so i should state if it were THE perfect pie, which it could be if they fixed their cheese problem, i would probably say it's worthy of the whole five stars.  however an inferior pie at a slightly inflated price - three stars.  still worth a visit though.
This place is awesome in so many ways.

Boyfriend (vegan) and I (gluten-free) were in Philly on vacation and Slice was highly recommended by a friend. Seeing that the menu catered to both of our diets, we were both considerably psyched.

When I tried to order my GF pizza though, the server grimaced. "Hold on a second," he said.

I gave my boyfriend a look of agony. "They're out of GF crust, I know it." I resisted the urge to drop to my knees and wail, "NOOOOOOO!!!!"

The server came back with the owner in tow, who apologized profusely to us - it appeared that his supplier only delivered half of what he usually orders in for the GF crusts. He apologized again, and assured us that the delivery would be coming in tomorrow, and that if we came back, I'd be guaranteed a GF pizza. ON TOP OF THAT, he gave us a $10 giftcard, shook our hands, and said that he hoped we'd be back.

So of course we went back, the next night, bottle of white wine in tow (did I mention this place was BYO? To a Bostonian, this is still a concept that makes my head spin). The previous night's server recognized us, said hello, and brought the wineglasses over.

I ordered the Truffle pizza - white pizza, mozzarella, parmesan, portabellas, artichoke hearts, and garlic, with a drizzle of white truffle oil over the top. On a perfectly crispy GF crust - I grunted in ecstasy with ever bite. This was seriously one of THE best pizzas I have ever eaten, and I know I'm going to wake up in the middle of the night in the future, drenched in sweat, with a craving for this dream pizza.

Thanks, Slice! You guys rock.
This place is my corner pizza joint. I wish i had a different corner pizza joint. 

The ingredients are great, but the compositions are always disappointing. Not enough of this... way too much of that. I am consistently disappointed with nearly everything i've tried at Slice.

I specifically suggest you don't bother with the calzones. They're super boring. Also, for some reason, they dont come with any pizza sauce for dipping.

also, i hate that they are cash only. not only that, but they didnt bother to put an ATM inside the restaurant. so if you go and forgot that you needed cash, you have to hike at least a block to get money. stupid. 

on the other hand, it is super convenient and the pizza by the slice seems to be a good value. the crust is thin and the toppings are sparse, but you get an entire quarter of a pie monster slice. It fills me up in a pinch. And i guess thats what a corner pizza joint is really for.
The owner contacted me to turn my experience around, which I really appreciated.  I feel that my initial observations were not calibrated with proper expectations.  I was looking for a cheese-heavy, thickly-topped pizza, but these guy have something different--and worth checking out.  Let me re-review!

Slice is not your average pizza.  They have obviously worked hard to perfect a gourmet concept.  Pizzas are crisp yet chewy, and completely hand-made.  The lightly-topped approach strikes a clean balance with the thin, blistered crust.  If you stop in for a slice pay attention to the sauce, which is easily the best I've encountered anywhere--worth the experience alone.

I'll be back soon, this time for some extra cheese ;)
The best pizza in Philadelphia, the owners and staff are friendly, the delivery option is great and the topping selection is wonderful.  I am really pleased and commend the owners for providing an excellent product.
Slice is a great gourmet option of pizza in the area.  The crust is really light and not crazy doughy, which I really like.

We usually get the Margherita or the Florentine.  Both are awesome options!

A little expensive, but the food is worth it!  They also are very timely with their delivery (at least every time we have ordered, it came within 45 minutes as per estimate), which I appreciate!

They also offer gluten free and vegan options.  It is a nice option when you are with anyone who requires those options!
I finally made it back to Slice and had a chance to sit in and eat there.  The dining area seats maybe 20 people and they have waitress service and they suggest BYO.

I sort of went against my better judgement and ordered one of their special tomato pies.  I think it was garlic, tomato, ricotta and spinach.  Next time I'm going to stick with a red pie and build my own.  I just wasn't totally impressed with a pie that they're pushing as something special. It was definitely on the bland side.  The crust was fantastic though having the perfect thinness and crispiness.  The addition of garlic and olive oil was very welcome.  There was a lot of potential.  

I also had a spinach salad to start off with.  I'm not sure about the other salads but I would not suggest this one.  It was pretty expensive for a hand full of baby spinach leaves and some balsamic dressing.  

It's been quite a while since I had a plain pie from Slice so I'm sure if I give them another shot I'll be happy.  I'm not sure I'm going to order one of their specialty pies again though.  I'll give some other salad a shot in the future too.

I would definitely suggest going in to eat if you can.  The staff there is very friendly and happy to help you.  Slice actually has a nice old school pizza parlor feel to it contradicting the fancy interior design and flat screen tv on the wall.
It's really a shame how a bad experience can ruin your taste for a place.
That being said, I've had Slice on a few occasions before and thought it was fine. Nothing spectacular, but fine.
This time, we ordered through Grubhub and paid with a card. We ordered the whole wheat dough, which costs extra, only to find out they were out of it. (After we'd paid.) We ordered a soda, which was free through Grubhub and I was craving like crazy. It never came. They also tried to make us pay cash when it arrived at the door. The delivery guy was incredibly rude, my calzone was burnt.
Basically, I have nothing good to say about it.
Sorry, Slice. You lost customers on this one.
I always call in an order for pickup when housesitting for one of my friends in the neighbourhood and haven't tried delivery. The Slice menu only has salads and pizza. 

Pizza crust is a dry medium thick cracker crust, not pillowy doughy or super thin. I thought their sauce was fine/nonremarkable, and I like both the Florentine (evoo, garlic, spinach, tomatoes, squiggles of ricotta) and the Caramelized Onion and Goat Cheese (w/ bacon!).

(There's a large step up at the entrance which I think would be difficult for wheelchair accessibility but enough space around the tables to maneuver.)
We decided to splurge on "gourmet" pizza for a change from our usual favorite, La Rosa, and were incredibly disappointed.  We ordered the Truffle Pizza: Extra virgin olive oil, garlic, mozzarella, portabella mushrooms & artichokes, finished with black truffle oil and a pie with Maglio Sausage.  The crust was definitely overdone for my taste (despite loving La Rosa I do also enjoy a thin, crispy crust) and tasted of cardboard.  The sausage was good but there was hardly any of it and for close to $20, I expected more.  Sadly the "truffle" pizza was pretty bland.  The mushrooms were watery tasting and I detected barely a hint of truffle flavor.  We won't be wasting our money at Slice again.
Love, love love this place! Gourmet pizza, tasty salads served in bread bowls and outdoor seating...

The owner is very cute and friendly, and staff is very helpful. No gruff pizza workers at this joint!
My favorite is the veggie pizza, minus the eggplant.
This review is based on a delivery order, which was my first and will perhaps be my only from Slice.  The delivery service was prompt, but that was the only good thing about it.

I got a buffalo chicken pizza that was bad to mediocre in all respects.  The menu tells us it has gorgonzola, which I didn't see, then after performing a little excavation of my first slice I did find some small nuggets that were supposedly gorgonzola.  But you couldn't taste them, not only due to the pithy amount but also because of the fact that the pizza was drowning in hot sauce.  I don't mind a lot of hot sauce, but not when that's the only thing there's a lot of.  There was only a tiny, thin layer of cheese, and you could tell that the chicken breast was cheap.

The crust was a bit hard as well.  I'd give this place one star, but I've never stepped inside the restaurant so I don't want to be too harsh.  But this pizza sucks.
Slice is flat out, hands down the best brick oven thin crust pizza in Philadelphia. Last time I ate in and talked to the owner who knew all about his competition and what made each one great. Obviously he then put it all together in one place. If you prefer New York style (flexible and big) or Chicago deep dish then this is not your place. However if you like brick oven thin crust well done pizza, Slice is the best around. Tacconellis comes in a close second.
Not to be missed!  Is it possible that a new standard has been set for a true "Philly pizza", distinct from but on par with NYC and Chicago? Slice may very well have single-handedly made that so.

We finally got around to going here and what a treat it was!  Ordered the Clams Casino and the Chicken Scallopine (pizzas) and both were outrageously good. 

Slice is inexpensive and completely unpretentious, but with service that was very nearly at the level of "real restaurant", several cuts above "corner pizza joint" level (the complimentary bottle of chilled water for the table was a wonderful touch, e. g.).

Thin crust, highest quality ingredients, no evidence of "canned" taste anywhere. Officially my favorite pizza in Philly!
Slice is absolutely my favorite pizza place in Philly. Hands down, they have the best thin crust pizza with delicious chunks of fresh sauce. The toppings are fresh and the staff are friendly. The owner is really cool and is almost always there. Since it is so thin, one person can easily eat a small pie to oneself - and i'm a small girl. Buyer beware- they only take cash. Also, one slice is pretty pricey because it is the equivalent of other pizza place's 2 slices. So, expect to pay $3 or more for one slice. But def a great place to try!
There are definitely plenty of other places to get a yummy pizza, especially in the South Philly area. It's not Slice's pizza you want... it's their salads (you can even opt to have in a bread bowl).

My favorites are:
-Mozzarella Caprese: nice, thick slices of mozz and tomato, topped with a vinaigrette and fresh slices of basil. YUM.
-The Mandarin: light and refreshingly crispy, this salad is always a good choice (especially if you love mandarins).

Long story short:
Go with the salads :D
Who would have thought groupon would lead me to my new second favorite pizza place? (Sorry slice, Tacconelli's will always be #1 in my heart).  But nonetheless,my experience here definitely ensured my return as a full price paying customer.
Right off the bat I was loving the idea here. Sometimes you just don't feel like going to a full on restaurant and wearing pants that button or zip...so on the days you are looking for a quick bite in stretchy pants Slice is perfect.  But the food is way better than similar establishments. It's like classed up pizza, and a BYOB to boot.
Before our pizza I ordered a crispy apple salad, which was perfect. Craisins, apples, Gorgonzola, and everything right with the world in one bowl! They have lots of other tasty looking salad options as well.
Unfortunately I went here with my sister the elite Ms.Gina M., who doesn't eat anything red,thus severely limiting our pizza options.  Usually pizza eating with her is an exercise in bland futility, but we agreed upon the artichoke spinach and truffle oil pizza, which miraculously we both loved.  Definitely the best I've ever had of its kind.  I can't wait to go with someone who has a more sophisticated palate and dive into their more adventurous choices.
All of this fabulousness in an adorable setting with an adorable waiter/possible owner, and BYOB status.  Five stars indeed!
I'll start by saying I am a fan of thin crust pizza and I don't need too much cheese. With that said I love Slice. 

Thin crust nice crisp, good sauce and a great choices of toppings. 

I love going there for pizza or when I can't - do take out. With thin crust I think you lose something as soon as the pizza gets in the box, it might be the steam messing with the crisp of the dough but it's not the same. So if you really want to experience this pizza make the trip. 

In addition to the pizza I often get the Arugula salad in a bread bowl which is very good, especially for a pizza place salad. 

Not much for decor but with Pizza this good - who really cares. My favorite pizza in south Philly - or center city area in general.
Slice is a small joint that is great for ordering out some delicious pizza. Yes, they have chairs and all but it's pretty tiny in there. The price tag is a bit higher than I'd normally pay for a pizza but what I do is get the groupon deal and every other month when we don't feel like cooking or going out I'll order a pizza and calzone (with extra marinara sauce) and BOOM - we have dinner and lunch for the next day. It's thin crust pizza, which I enjoy. We've gotten almost all the pizzas (they do the red sauces really well) and several calzones and none have let me down thus far.
 
P.S. it's cash only so after the groupon I usually have to pay another $3-$7 depending upon how many toppings I got.
We were happy to walk in and purchase a few slices for a crazy good price. When he said the slices are huge, he wasn't lying! They are double the size of a regular slice. The guy who helped us was super nice and even threw in an extra slice for us! Excellent customer service. Unfortunately, the pizza wasn't great. I think the pizzas had been sitting for quite a while (at least that's what it tasted like). I would gladly return to slice and order a fresh pie because the ingredients were fresh, the flavors were good, and the service was excellent. But I don't think we'd get the slices from the pies that are made ahead of time again.
I ordered one (1) single slice.  It seemed expensive but the pie looked good.

I was then served two (2) slices.

I told the counter person I only wanted one (1) slice.

She replied, sounding a tad annoyed, like she was sick of explaining, that they didn't sell one (1) slice, rather, those ordering one (1) single slice were to be served two (2) slices.  

Why, I asked, did she not inform me at the time I ordered one (1) single slice that they did not serve individual slices, only pairs?  

She told me that's the way they do things at Slice

Now one is one and two is two* and three is three and four is four**. A lot of sciencey stuff depends on numbers having fixed and immutable values so I don't appreciate some damned pizza joint redefining reality and shitting on mathematics, physics, and cryptology etc.

Not the mention that the place is called Slice. 

Why, I asked, is the store named "Slice" if one can't purchase one (1) single slice?  Shouldn't it be called "Slices"?

I was going to eat the two slices anyway, but the counter person's expression was so humorless and loathsome I returned my slices and left.

BTW, it was lunchtime and there were zero (0) other customers there.

That is why I am giving them two (2) stars, keeping in mind that I serve my two (2) star reviews with one (1) star.

* num·ber  noun
1. an arithmetical value, expressed by a word, symbol, or figure, representing a particular quantity and used in counting and making calculations and for showing order in a series or for identification.
"she dialed the number carefully".
2. a quantity or amount.

** https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o_eSwq1ewsU
We've recently been a little disenchanted with Marra's and live closer to SliCE, so we ordered in the other night and were not disappointed. Thin crust is the modus here, and it was really good and crispy. I found it a little oily, but in a good way, not in a orange-grease-running-down-your-hands way. We got a large 'Quattro Stagione', which is 4 toppings on one pie, each only on a quarter of the pizza. We went with sausage, basil leaves (big and fresh), garlic and red onions. I'm starting this off with 3 stars, and will no doubt add more as I try more varieties and perhaps dine at the pizzaria (byob). I feel sorta silly living so close to this place but never having gotten their food before. Consider me converted.

March 18th update: We recently ate in the 'restaurant' as a party of three, sharing a byo bottle of wine. It's pretty no-frills as a dining experience, but it's nice that you can sit and eat and bring booze. It was a cold night and the doorway lacks a vestibule, so there was a harsh drop in temp every time someone walked in, but all the tables were filled regardless. The restroom is alllll the way in the back...I recommend washing your hands etc before you head over if you're going to dine here. But the pizza is wonderful and the service is good, though bring cash because they don't take plastic. If Bitar's weren't across the street and Chickie's hoagies around the corner, I would eat here all the time.
Although I have not been here, my room mate has brought their pies home on a number of occasions and have to say they are easily the best Ive had in this city.  I'm originally from the Trenton area so Delorenzo's will always been my measuring stick - Slice is sooo close!
Lately we've been trying out new places to try and break the rut of eating the same old same old. This place fit the bill of being new for us, and fit the desire to eat awesome pizza. 

We ordered a small italiano stromboli- ricotta, mozzarella, and prosciutto which was simply delightful, and a small buffalo chicken pizza which had mozzarella chicken sliced thin, hot sauce, gorgonzola and we added ricotta also. It was a deilicious pie with a thin(ish) crust and overall was perfect for what we desired. We ordered a side of the truffle oil fries just to give them a try and they did not disappoint either. 

The only complaint if anything is that this place you will pay for what you get, our small stromboli, small pie and french fries came to $30 which for pizza is a bit steep. However, if you want quality, delicious delicious quality, some time you need to man up and pay for it. We were happy that we did just that. You will be too!
I am not opposed to paying for "Gourmet Pizza"... I've even catered a super bowl party with such overpriced pizza..... Slice is not getting my super bowl order.

Unfortunately, Slice made me want to run to Pizza Hut Express at Target instead. Sorry Slice!! I thought your pizza was too thin and a little stale.

Maybe try you again in a few months? Also, the 2007 Best of Philly award doesn't impress me... It's 2011
So this is kinda a continuation of my last review. 

Started out wanting to eat in, then saw what time it was and my gf and I needed to be home to meet a friend so it turned into to go and they were more than happy to accommodate us with that request. SO as stated in a prior review my gf has found out she has celiacs disease and it makes finding a pizza place that not only doesn't mind accommodating her requests but a place that specializes in gluten free pizza a wonderful find for us. The employees were super friendly and helpful which was just kinda icing on the cake. Or should I say cheese on the pie?
I HEART Slice.
If you want to have a cute, cheap date... take a bottle of wine to their South Philly location and order the black truffle pizza and the arugula pizza.  
Cute, cheap date complete!
What else can be said about SliCE?

Pictures above

Great thin-crust pizza. I had the pepperoni & goat cheese toppings. Pepperoni was spicy and plump...no weak little grease discs here.

The cheese & sauce meld into a perfect blend...the goat cheese, while flavorful, really didn't bring much more to the party...next time I'll try the sausage.
Slice is so good it almost makes me cry. I'm very picky about my pizza- I like my crust thin, my toppings fresh, and the sauce and cheese to work together. Slice does all this and so much more.

Their specialty pizzas are divine. The Buffalo Chicken pizza is the perfect balance of spicy with the gorgonzola soothing the fire. The Italiana pizza is probably my favorite pizza ever, the procuitto, which I get baked on with the pizza, is the perfect salty crunch.

Slice also offers a wide variety of salads if you feel the need to be healthy. They are great to share and a perfect alternative for friends who don't want pizza.

Just remember, it's cash only. Delivery is fast and the food is still hot and fresh. If you live within their delivery distance, order. NOW! The phone number is listed above!

Also, don't confuse this location with the one in Rittenhouse. This one is superb.
I have been meaning to go in person, but alas I have not made it there. 

Today I ordered delivery at work. I got the carmelized onion, goat cheese, and bacon pizza and the arugula salad. 

My co-workers told me to "get a room" based on the noises and faces I was making. Delicious!
It's ok. Not good enough for the price, two stars because the toppings were decent. Crust and sauce were flavorless. Pretty disappointing, there's too many better options available in the area (at a much lower price) to justify ordering from here again.
We are so disappointed and will NEVER order again. We've eaten Slice a couple of times before about a year ago. This time was out last.  The pizza came early and we were thrilled. Except it was cold, SOO salty, and sloppy looking. It was tough to chew and my jaw hurt by the end of the 1st Slice. The mozzarella sticks were cold and extremely salty as well. The small pear and goat cheese salad was SOO small, I had chicken added to it which cost me $3.00 and there were 3 thin slices in there. The small salad cost me $11.00 !!!! Such a bad experience.
Ordered a small pizza for delivery and it took over an hour and a half. Pizza was cold upon arrival and had no bacon as was ordered. Extremely dissatisfied with the lack of quality, will not be ordering again.
I had high hopes for this place, the menu looked great.  They have vegan cheese, lowfat cheese, whole wheat crust- exciting.  What a tremendous letdown.  The execution is less than extraordinary.  We ordered the Italiana  Calzone, but that's not what was delivered.  What we got was lacking proscuitto and ricotta cheese.  We also ordered a truffle pizza, which would have been great if the crust hadn't been burnt (and I'm a HUGE fan of the thin, crispy crust- just not the one with blackened edges) and if there had been any truffle on it.  Maybe they ran out, I don't know.  After waiting 45 minutes for delivery was it really worth it to call them in order to complain?  Not if i wanted to eat last night.  Next time I'll order tacos.
I am writing this review based on one pizza because (a) it was that good and (b) I'll never order anything but that pizza when I go back.

The truffle pizza is a white pizza with portobellas, artichokes, and finished with truffle oil. I ordered the vegan mozzarella, which was generously heaped on. I'm pretty sure they use Daiya shreds, which melt really well and turn creamy and yummy. So basically I had a creamy, earthy white pizza and it was pure heaven.

Slice is a tiny space that does mostly take-out, but if you sit inside it's relaxed, no one rushes you out, and it's BYOB. Besides offering vegan options, they offer a gluten-free crust option.
We had our daughter's birthday party here and the overall experience was great-the restaurant owner was very responsive when we were planning, and the kids loved making their own pizzas! The only downside was the available seating-we told the owner we would be a party of 15 kids and their parents and were assured that the place could hold us all, but we found out on the day of the party that there was only seating for half of us. We made it work, and the rest of the experience was overwhelmingly positive. Just would have been good to know about the seating limitations in advance!
This pizza shop is as good as it gets.  Manager goes out of his way to satisfy his customers.  Spending 34 years in food service calling on many pizzerias, Jeff knows the restaurant business.  You can't believe how many in the restaurant business who are clueless.  Very few restaurant managers sample products because it might affect their bottom line but the opposite is true.  You have to sample product on occasion when the time is righto increase sales  That when there is a difference in being a restauranteur and thinking you are a restauranteur!  Great food, a lot of creativity and many topping options.  Great high gluten flour dough.  Great thin n crispy  with baking pizzas in a brick baking surface oven
Overcharged for terrible fries. Paid eight dollars for "truffle fries." But they were just overly soggy poorly cut gross fries.
Great Pizza! If you have not been yet this is a small Pizzeria in south Philly. They have 4 or 5 tables if you prefer to eat in house. They offer a great and wonderfully delicious Caesar  salad. The menu features probably 20 different variations of pizza all of which are probably great if they are anything like the ones we have ordered. The last visit I ordered the BBQ Chicken pizza and it had a great taste. If you are hungry you can probably eat a large by yourself. This place is a must go for all Philadelphian's that like authentic pizza prepared right in front of your eyes.
Yikes. What a disaster ordering from this joint was. We received our pizzas and were TERRIFIED by the long black hair resting gently atop our overpriced cuisine.  Also, the taste was mediocrity objectified. So I sat, dissatisfied,  questioning the reason why i would make a life long commitment to a woman who would recommend ordering from this place.
I have a single requirement for a pizza place--don't skimp on cheese/toppings.  I have given Slice two chances to get this right, once with a Stromboli and once with a large 3-topping pizza (about $20).

The Stromboli was mostly bread, and I had to search for cheese on the pizza.  I know the tiny, thin splotches of cheese are supposed to be a gourmet experience, but the pizza tasted like crust and tomato sauce.  I gave two rather than one star because the sauce was excellent, at least.

In both cases, however, I felt cheated, especially at the premium prices they charge.
mmmmm.....Slice. I love a really thin, crispy pizza and Slice is the place in South Philly to get it. AND, they just opened a new location right around the corner from my office. It's as if they knew I needed them. Here's where they win points with me:

-I've never gotten a soggy pie or slice from here. Always crispy and yummy.
-The sauce is made from actual tomatoes and not canned tomato paste. I love that. The flavor is always fresh and awesome.
-great toppings. The other day I got a portobella mushroom, artichokes and truffle oil slice. So good. The bbq chicken is also good.
-the cheese is always good and the right amount.  When it comes to pizza, I hate when there is a ton of cheese with oil puddled on top of it. It sicks me out. If the cheese is thicker than the crust, don't even get it near me.  Here it's always enough that it's flavorful but not dominating.
-Salads in a breadbowl! Love it.

Yes, Slice is going to cost you more than most Philly pizza places, but it's going to be that much more delicious.  J&J is fine if it's late and you just want something in your stomach.  But if you really want a tasty pie that's going to make you happy, walk the extra block and spend the extra few bucks and go to Slice.
The best Neopolitan style pizza in South Philly, hands down.  Maglio sausage makes for a wonderful topping.  Pies are baked to a golden crisp, and the San Marzano tomato sauce bursts in your mouth.  The margherita pizza I ordered a few weeks back could have used a bit more mozzarella, but they're usually very consistent.  The owner is a great guy, too.
We went here on a Groupon and were pleasantly surprised. Despite the walk into the depths of South Philadelphia, we were greeted by a cozy front entrance. We appreciated the cash only sign, because that helped us avoid surprises. We sat and were greeted by a waitress (there is no hostess, the place is small, you seat yourself) who was quick and helpful. Our pizzas came out pretty fast, but in the meantime, we had a blast watching jeopardy on their big screen TV, which was at the perfect volume. I was also struck by how clean the place is (a nice change of pace in Filthadelphia). The pizzas were delicious and the perfect size, and the prices were appropriate. We wrapped up with another waiter who was even nicer than the first, and snagged a delicious brownie on the way out.
I read all the "great things" about this place, but then i had to remind myself these reviews are mostly written by Philly hipster transplants, who probably would pay for a pile of dogshit if you told them its organic.  This pizza is not worth the price it commands. Far better places charge much less, no ATM... And you big timed a group of Philly Police. Go back to the burbs where you belong
I haven't tried enough pizza here yet but the first time (standard cheese pizza) wasn't remarkable enough for me to recommend going there. The only reason I will return is the promise of having supposed Philly award-winning pizza. When I do I'll give another update :)
I went to Slice for the first time last week after stumbling across it by chance walking through South Philly. I've only lived in Philly a short time, but this has got to be up there with the best pizzas in the city. We had trouble deciding between white and traditional style pizza, so the waitress suggested we try a half and half, which turned out great. The toppings were great and obviously fresh, and they let you substitute whole wheat crust and part skim mozzarella (though the menu doesn't tell you it costs extra). 

The staff was super friendly and accomodating. A little pricey for pizza, but the upside is it's BYOB.  Great little neighborhood spot.
My family and I go to Slice every once in a while because we take advantage of their deal on Groupon (not sure if it's available anymore). We usually order fries, mozz sticks, plain and pepperoni pizza all to share. Everything is delicious. Their pepperoni pizza is to die for, literally. The pep is thick and a little spicy... just SO GOOD! It is a good size inside and they have a few tables outside as well. Service is great. Good area and decent parking for Philly. Overall, love it here but it is a once in a while treat for my family and I.
Took them 2.5 hours to deliver a pizza and they had said an hour. I mean I would've even been okay with 1.5 hours (I mean hey I'm sure it gets crazy) but this was ridiculous. They told us an hour so I was prepared to wait that long. Anyways they did refund my money which I appreciated. This was our second time using them and the first time the pizza was hard (I was willing to give them a second chance) and this time with the wait we won't be using it again. Its a shame because there are such good reviews! of note our pizza was not flavorful either :(
Slice on 10th street in the Italian Market. The food is fresh and fantastic and the staff is just great (and very chill dudes from what I've observed).
1st time we only got salads and then decided we wanted to get a 2 liter soda, but didn't have enough cash money (they don't take cards, but do on grub hub). The guy at the counter most hospitably offered to give it to us for free, and after a long stressful day of moving in to the neighborhood we graciously accepted it. Seriously great service on their part.

So then last night after a vicious day of fighting with my boyfriend, we made up and ordered the BBQ Chicken pizza and I'm pretty sure it was so good that it brought us closer together. It smelled amazing and tasted even better.

The only things I'm not a big fan of are the salad dressing (too acidic for my taste) and that most toppings (like red onions) are $2 extra, but then again I think the pies themselves are incredibly well priced so I don't really know why I'm complaining.

Also props to the whole wheat and gluten free crust options. Stay rad, Slice.
Only pizza joint in the city where the whole pie seems to be better than just getting a slice.  Maybe they should be called Whole?

Naturlich, serving pizza by the slice can turn mediocre pizza into great pizza.  When I'm rich I'll order a whole pizza, from any jon', and have them seperate and cook each slice seperately...then reassemble back into a pizza.
I've ordered from this place before a few times and the pizza has always been nicely prepared, but today....

I ordered 2 gluten free pizzas, vegetable only choices as Im Vegetarian. The two pizzas arrive and.... One soggy beyond belief, undercooked and looks like mess! The other has bacon on it. Yeah. It said on the GrubHub menu (Bacon Temporarily Unavailable) so I felt safe ordering it. But know I guess the bacon was added anyways. And this pizza also looks like mess and is not well cooked. 

The worst part was the lady on the phone at Slice.... She had an attitude and kept arguing that it doesn't say that on her screen do they did it right. I even took a screen shot of the menu and she still argues and kept going on with her attitude. Wow... Finally I asked what could they do for us to help and with the biggest attitude she asked what do we want. All we asked for is at least 1 vegetarian pizza w/o bacon.

Oh my....  I'm not mad, just trying to solve this miscommunication. Why can't we just communicate in a nice way like people....?
sometimes what a lonely nyc girl living in philly needs in this world is a slice. But just not any slice, not that Lorenzo stuff. A slice, a no frills New York Pizza style with heaps of mozzarella cheese, fresh basil and oh yeah that thin crust... that's you Slice.
I'm definitely a snob when it comes to pizza, and gourmet style pizzas like this don't usually cut it for me. But slice is so delicious and disguises how unhealthy pizza is enough for me to not feel bad about eating half a pie! The owners and employees are also so friendly and inviting, which is refreshing. Also, BYOB - win!!
We went to Slice for lunch on a Saturday afternoon - a friend told us it was his second favorite pizza after Tacconelli's. I would completely agree. I love thin crust and this is perfect - thin and crispy. My kids loved the plain pizza because it had a good bit of cheese, but not a ton of sauce, which is how they like it. We also got a roasted vegetable pizza with mushrooms, eggplant, onions, etc - it was delicious. My kids also liked the selection of sodas - bottles instead of fountain soda is always considered cool. I also thought the people working were nice. We would definitely go back and recommend this place to others.
i've been here a couple times for whatevermyonlinecouponofferwasfrom a couple times, and it's been fine.  i do like the crust, and the options of pizzas are good.  however, i think it's pretty overpriced -- two large pies can easily run you into the $30s, and the salads are expensive for their size.  remember that this place is cash-only, which is counterintuitive since they do online/smartphone deals.
Slice serves, what I would consider, "fancy pizza" in that it costs $15.00 for a large one and is drizzled with olive oil. Clearly, my standard for fancy is, itself, not very fancy.

Yes, it's whack that Slice is cash-only and no, I can usually not stand to wait the hour-long delivery time without eating a pre-pizza snack (this is my issue, not yours), but the overall product is pretty delish.

The pizza is thin crust and I think people lose their minds over thin crust, right? I guess I sort of lose my mind over thin crust, too, because I keep ordering it. Some might call my taste in pizza boring, but I prefer to describe it as "traditional(ly boring)" because I usually go for a bare-bones tomato pie. It is very nostalgic and also really good, Jesus, just let me live. 

I love that their gravy is not that gross thick sludge that most pizza joints use and I also love it when I nearly break my teeth navigating the delicious curve of crust bubble surrounding my pie. Honestly, it's my favorite part. No shade, etc.

Oh, but their 2-liter sodas cost $3.00. That's just mean. How else am I supposed to tend to my mouth wounds if not without a refreshing Diet Coke? (Please don't say water, gross!)
Well, this used to be my backup spot when Francoluigis was closed but after our last pie, I don't think I want to try coming back again. We always order a tomato pie and our last pizza had barely any tomato sauce scraped onto it--- luckily we had or own $.69 can to make it not a plain flat bread circle. $15 for a circle of bread-- thanks Slice!

Crazy disappointed.
I was here once before and the food was really good. I finally had an opportunity to stop during my busy work day to grab some food. After waiting 10mins for the counter girl to finish a phone order I ordered a small pie with peperioni. Something for me and partner to split since we haven't eaten all day. $13.00 Way over priced but I didn't care we haven't eaten our whole shift and I knew it was gonna be good. Hand the woman my card, "We're cash only?" Of course they have an ATM but my debit card was stolen a few days before so all I had was my credit card. Seriously you dont accept cards? Its 2017! Not a big deal but I was hangry considering I haven't eaten for 10hrs and still had 2hrs left in my shift.
Grumble.  Previously had a fantastic experience.  This time we got a salad which was delicious.  Baby spinach with grilled pears topped with melted goat cheese and candied walnuts.  Great balsamic dressing.  We also ordered a Margherita pizza.  It was overcooked (a bit burnt) and I really found it rather tasteless despite what seemed like fresh ingredients.  Something really lacked in the sauce.  Plus we tried the whole wheat this time which was $2.50 extra, which I find a bit outrageous especially as it was not even listed on the menu.  Overall we paid almost $30 for a mediocre pizza and a good but not overly large salad.  I can't bump this place down to 3 stars when my last experience was great...  I plan to keep trying different things...
Pizza is good, but not in my top 10 list of pizza places.  We ordered takeout through Living Social, which was easy.  When we got the pizza I forgot to check to make sure the toppings were right before I left, and they screwed up the order (artichokes vs anchovies).  But luckily we also like artichokes.  Also the middle of the pizza was a bit soggy and the crust was slightly burnt.  So all in all, we won't be eating at Slice again, but not a bad place.  But if you get takeout check your pizza before you leave.
Solid thin crust pie in the neighborhood with gigantic slices. The only landmine i've run into at this place is the salad in a bread bowl. Just sort of a waste of everyone's time, don't bother spending the money.
Slice is the shizzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzznit, their breadbowls for the salad are really nice and so is the pizza.  Lots of Ed Hardy shirts...............feeling that
I like Slice. Nothing too spectacular here, but the flavors are pretty unique and worth a try when you are craving something different. Also, the staff are friendly and the pizza is ready quick. 3 slices cost me around 10 bucks. 

-Caramelized onion with goat cheese- I am a big fan of anyone who puts goat cheese on pizza. There was just enough but not too much. The saltiness was well balanced by the sweet onion. Highly recommended.
-Truffle pizza with mushroom and artichoke- Unique yet satisfying. Depends on how much truffle oil they put on it though...mine had a little too much. The artichokes improve the flavor. 
-Cheese and pepperoni- very pedestrian, but also pretty good.
Slice serves up pizza
with different tasty toppings
and friendly service
I had a craving for traditional thin-crusted pizza tonight.  Nothing exotic just a bit of red sauce, decent mozzarella and a good, crispy base with some chew and snap.  Easy, right?  I live in So Philly and I have a go-to place for this very need -- but it is Monday night and I arrive at "my" pizza place and it is closed!  

I pull away from the curb, mentally reviewing the contents of the fridge.  Nothing appealing there.  Then I think of Slice on 10th Street.  I've always meant to try them. I check to see if they are open and quickly peruse the menu.  The site comes up with a Bruschetta pizza on the splash as pizza of the month.  It looked like what I was craving.  20 minutes later I pick it up, take it to the car and peek.  It isn't much like the menu picture.  I don't see any cheese.  The grape tomatoes are halved not crushed.  I'm disappointed.  But it's Monday, it's getting late, I'm getting tired.  I'm not in the mood for challenging food but I'm not in the mood for conflict either.  

Another 20 minutes later all is forgiven.  The tomatoes are tender, sweet and sauced with a piquant yet comforting wash of balsamic vinegar and finely chopped basil.  They are resting on a crackle-ingly thin crust layered with toasty Parmesan.  It is true that there wasn't any mozzarella - and there probably should have been but I will certainly order again.  I want to try other things too!
would take my mom here when she visited b/c she likes non-pretentious, relatively inexpensive spots that will fill my brother up for the low and still offer options she likes, i.e. salads. slice has a lot of good salads. according to her, they've gone down in quality tho. so i would recommend if you've been here before and you liked yours prepared a certain way, make sure you ask ahead of time. 

everyone who's worked here has been super nice, especially when we're sitting outside w/a dog.. super accommodating.
Great pizza!  Got the barbecue chicken.  Crispy crust, no grease (even with the chicken!).  Delicious.  $15 for a large pie.  The pie didn't seem super large, so maybe a bit pricey, but probably worth it for the taste.  They offer 100% whole wheat dough which is awesome and the salads looked great as well even though I didn't get to try them.
I can't believe I haven't written a review for this place.

It is indeed, hands down (whatever that actually means), the best pizza in Philadelphia.

My friend (from NJ) and I (from CT) have been desperately seeking good pizza in Philly ever since our arrival three years ago. We tried everything. And I mean EVERYTHING. Until one day, we found Slice.

When we picked up our pizza, we had our doubts--we didn't want to be let down of course. But when we took a slice of the deliciously thin crust margherita and put it into our mouths...

Please, let's have a moment of silence.




It was that good. We didn't just enjoy it, we fucking cried. We wept. We couldn't believe we actually, FINALLY found not only good, but GREAT pizza in Philly. It was a miracle. It was our childhood dreams come true. It was a slice of heaven.

So if you're looking for great thin crust pizza, hit up Slice. Funny that it's a block away from Pat's and Geno's, something that you philadelphians rave so much about. Get Slice and rave about that. I just did.

PS: the photos don't do it justice. Please people, just go eat the pizza.
There seem to be some very strong feelings out there on what is a "correct" pizza and it seems to elicit some passionate emotions.  I tend to like my pizza thin but a little doughy and with a reasonable amount of sauce and cheese on the top.  The pizza from Slice falls in the super thin camp, I think I would need calipers to judge the thickness of my pizza, even with the minuscule amount of cheese and sauce on top.  Since it was cooked to a very crunchy finish it felt a bit like eating some parchment with a barely detectable amount of sauce and cheese on top.
The hype on this place will straight up fail you. People raved to me about it for a year before i tried. 
Dry, thin, almost burnt crust. Too few toppings. Forget what i had, prolly cuz it was  forgettable...arugula and ricotta?  
My girlfriend "liked it" and "thought it was good" and says i am being "too mean."  
Step it up then. For the $17 I paid for this flimsy POS I could have got something from Pizza Brain so good I would be on some Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind level bliss.
Or since theyre too far, call up Santucci's, they'll set you straight.  
Isolated incident maybe?  Usually not when its pizza.
